Made to Love You



Sheryl Lister





COPYRIGHT


This ebook is licensed to you for your personal enjoyment only.

This ebook may not be sold, shared, or given away.





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either products of the writer’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.





Made to Love You

Copyright © 2015 by Sheryl Lister

ISBN: 9781625179258





ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.





No part of this work may be used, reproduced, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without prior permission in writing from the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.





NYLA Publishing

350 7th Avenue, Suite 2003, NY 10001, New York.

http://www.nyliterary.com





DEDICATION


This is dedicated to the readers who asked for Devin’s story.





CHAPTER ONE


“I can’t tell you how pleased I am with the way everything’s turned out, Devin. Your design far exceeded my expectations.”

Devin Simms glanced over at the building in question, then back to the man in front of him. “Thank you. I’m glad to hear you say that.” When Mr. Olsen had approached the architectural firm Devin worked for and asked for an energy-efficient, hexagon-shaped, low-cost space, Devin jumped at the chance. He’d welcomed the distraction of working long hours. It kept him from thinking about his personal life. The modern office building had been one of Devin’s most challenging projects. The strategically placed solar panels and use of metal were aesthetically pleasing, as well as functional, and the metal composite panels resisted the elements and increased its property value for the long term. The project had taken almost two years to complete and he couldn’t be happier with the results. But he was also exhausted.

Mr. Olsen stuck out his hand. “If I ever need anything else, you’ll be my first choice. Again, thank you,” he added.

Devin shook the proffered hand. “I appreciate your confidence.” They spoke for another moment before he excused himself. After making his rounds in the sweltering July heat to say goodbye to everyone at the ribbon-cutting ceremony, he climbed into his rental car, turned on the air full blast and called his sister, Janae, to let her know he was on his way to her house. He had driven from San Jose to Los Angeles yesterday for the ceremony and would fly out tomorrow morning to Jamaica where he would serve as the best man in his high school friend’s wedding. He followed the directions on the GPS and, forty-five minutes later pulled up to a gated property. Two years ago, his sister, Janae had married R&B singer and producer, Terrence Campbell, who went by the stage name Monte. He hadn’t been too keen on the relationship at first and worried about Terrence being a player like a lot of popular musicians. But Terrence had proven Devin wrong.

He pressed a button on the panel and spoke into the intercom. Seconds later, the gate swung open. Terrence had purchased the gated property initially to protect his grandparents from paparazzi and fans, but now those gates protected Janae and their growing family. Devin parked in front one of the three garage doors and got out. A smile creased his face when his sister emerged from the house. Since she had relocated to Los Angeles from San Jose after the marriage, Devin didn’t get to see her often and he missed her. As the only girl in a family with three boys, he and his two older brothers were very protective.

“Devin!” Janae moved as fast her very pregnant body allowed.

He wrapped her in a big hug and gently lifted her off her feet for a kiss on the cheek before setting her down again. “Hey, baby girl. You look good.”

“Thanks. I’m so glad to see you. Come in.”

Devin followed her inside to the family room and stretched out on the sofa.

“How did the opening go?”

“Good.” He handed her his phone. “You can look at the pictures.”

She took a seat on the chair across from him and scrolled through the photos. “This is absolutely amazing, Devin. You outdid yourself this time. You know, you could probably start your own firm now.”

“Yeah, probably,” he mumbled and closed his eyes. “But, I hate paperwork.”

Janae laughed. “So did I when I was teaching. But you need to be rewarded for all your hard work.”

“Does making junior partner qualify?”

“What?” she squealed. “Partner as young as you are? Are you serious?”

“Yep,” he answered without opening his eyes.

“I’m so happy for you. Did you call Mom and Dad?”

“Not yet. You’re the first to know. I’ll call everybody when I get back.”

“You’re going to love Jamaica. Too bad you’re not taking a date. Lots of romantic stuff to do.”

Devin opened one eye and angled his head in her direction. “And that’s why you’re in the condition you’re in now.”

She smiled and rubbed her belly. “Probably.”

“How’ve you been feeling?”

“Good. Six weeks to go. I’m excited.”

“How’s Terrence handling the prospect of fatherhood?”

“He’s driving me crazy,” she answered with a chuckle. “Doesn’t want me to do anything. His grandmother had to tell him that women have carried babies for centuries, and have led more active lives, but he doesn’t get it. However, I have agreed to stop painting because of the fumes.”

“Well, I agree with Terrence on that one.”

“You would. Anyway, is Tony ready for the wedding? What day is it, again?”

“He says he is, and it’s on Friday. He and Samantha wanted everyone to arrive a couple of days early for some pre-wedding activities.”

“What about you? Is there anyone special I should know about? You aren’t getting any younger. You’re closer to forty than not.”

“I’m thirty-four, Janae. That doesn’t qualify me for a retirement home. And if I find a woman to pull me back from the brink of life on social security, I’ll let you know.”

“If you need help finding one, Grandma Ellie would be more than happy to offer her services. I think she’s trying to set Donovan up with the granddaughter of one of her yoga classmates.” Donovan Wright was Terrence’s best friend, manager and booking agent.

Devin sat up abruptly. “Oh, hell no. I don’t need any matchmaking. I’m quite content with my life, thank you.” Terrence’s grandmother, or Miss Ellie as she was affectionately known, had a habit of inviting single women to all the family and friend gatherings. Devin and Donovan had made a practice of steering clear of Miss Ellie and her “special guests”.

“Whatever happened to the woman you brought to the concert when Terrence proposed to me? I thought you two were pretty close.”

“We broke up. Is Terrence touring?” he asked, changing the subject. He had no desire to revisit the past or talk about the woman who broke things off without an explanation.

“Nope. He should be home soon. With the baby coming, he’s not going out on tour again until fall. And don’t try to change the subject.”

Devin groaned and leaned his head back against the sofa. True, his love life was pretty much non-existent these days, but he hadn’t had time to think about it. Perhaps two weeks in Jamaica would be the perfect opportunity for a short affair and to get back in the game.



“Girl, I still can’t believe we’re going to spend ten days in Jamaica, all expenses paid at an all-inclusive resort. It doesn’t get any better than that.”

Vivian Michaels gestured to some open seats in the crowded airport terminal and smiled at her best friend, Mariah Gilbert. “Don’t forget we’re paying for half of those days, and we’ll be working for the first three. Well, you’ll be doing most of the work.” The two friends had opened Beautiful Bouquets and Blossoms floral shop three years ago. Vivian handled more of the business, and could make simple corsages and boutonnieres, but left the complex bouquets and sprays to Mariah. The bride’s mother had attended another wedding where Mariah provided flowers and immediately contracted her. The wedding was originally scheduled at a local church in their San Jose, CA hometown. But, a cancellation had afforded the bride the destination wedding she’d always wanted. When the venue moved, Mrs. Green remained adamant that Beautiful Bouquets and Blossoms provide the flowers, no matter what.

“True, but what a work environment. And after the wedding on Friday, it’s fun, fun and more fun.”

Vivian laughed. “I guess you’re a little excited.”

“What? You’re not? We haven’t had a minute to breathe since we opened the shop and I’m personally looking forward to a little down time.”

“You’re right. We’d better take full advantage because when we return it’s back-to-back weddings for the next two months.”

Mariah groaned. “Don’t remind me.”

Vivian glanced around. “Where’s Dawn?” Dawn Caldwell was third member of the friends that had been together since freshman year of high school. Their eighteen-year friendship had help Vivian get through many crazy days and she loved them like sisters.

“I knew we should have made her spend the night with us. She’d better not be late. They’re starting to board.”

“I’m here!”

Vivian and Mariah turned at the sound of the familiar voice rushing toward them.

“What took you so long?” Mariah asked.

“You know I had to get some real coffee for this 5:15 a.m. flight.” Dawn had always been the most outgoing and, when she found out about the trip, decided she had to come. She knew nothing about flowers, but worked in real estate and could sell anything—including herself an invitation on their work trip. “Thanks for letting me tag along, girls. We haven’t taken a trip together in years and I can’t wait to get this party started. I’m ready to find me an island hunk.”

They were still laughing when they boarded. Vivian led the way, but froze when she stepped onto the plane. She stopped so abruptly that Mariah plowed into her, causing Vivian to land face first into the lap of a man sitting in first class.

“It’s been a long time since you were in my arms, Princess.” His low, husky voice close to her ear sent a warm sensation through her body, and memories flooded her mind.

“Is there a problem?” one of the flight attendants asked.

Vivian felt her face flush and scrambled off his lap.

A slight smile curved his mouth. “No problem at all. I rather enjoyed having Ms. Michaels in my arms again.”

The flight attendant divided a questioning look between the two while Vivian composed herself and hurried down the aisle to her seat. What in the world was Devin doing on her flight? Was he on his way to a job? She remembered him telling her he sometimes traveled to meet with potential clients for his architectural firm.

Mariah placed her duffle in the overhead bin and dropped down into the seat next to Vivian. “Oh, my goodness. Was that Devin?”

Vivian could only nod. Her heart still pounded in her chest and she struggled to draw in a normal breath. She only hoped to lose him when they changed planes in Texas or Florida.

Dawn leaned across the aisle between the people boarding. “Devin sure didn’t look bothered by your face plant in his lap, Viv. And why can’t I remember him being that fine? You must have done something really bad for him to relegate you to the ex files. I’d have done everything I could to keep a man who looks like him.”

“I noticed the same thing,” Mariah said. “I’d think he’d ignore you or something after having broken things off with you.”

Vivian didn’t answer. No, Devin hadn’t ignored her at all. In fact, if that subtle hand skimming across her hip didn’t tell her, the tone of his voice certainly left no doubt that ignoring her was the last thing on his mind. She had done a good job of avoiding him over the last year and a half, and now she was going to be in a confined space with him for the next three and a half hours. The saving grace was that once they took off, a curtain would separate coach and first class and if she were lucky, he would stay on his side. She was a nervous wreck the whole time they were in the air and her nervousness increased tenfold when she noticed he boarded their second flight. Miami. They have lots of buildings. Yeah. He’ll get off there. No worries.

Vivian never liked takeoff and landing, but hours later, the butterflies fluttering in her belly had nothing to do with the bumpy landing. As soon as the aircraft taxied to the gate and came to a stop, passengers were out of their seats, removing bags from bins and crowding the aisles. She didn’t move, hoping to give Devin time to get to wherever he had to go.

“You can’t stay on the plane forever, Viv,” Mariah said, gesturing around the now empty cabin. “We only have forty-five minutes to get to our gate, and this is a huge airport. We almost missed the last connection waiting on you.”

“I know. I’m coming.” She slung her tote on her shoulder, took a deep breath and followed her friends out. Vivian took tentative steps into the airport and searched for Devin. A sigh of release escaped her. An airport employee stood at the end of the walkway with a sheet of paper listing gates and flight times. The three women stopped for information and found out their gate was in another terminal. They rushed to take the train and made it fifteen minutes before boarding.

“Good,” Dawn said with a sigh. “I need to hit the bathroom.”

Vivian nodded. “Me, too.” She had been too afraid to get up and go to the bathroom on the plane.

Mariah shook her head. “Y’all wouldn’t have this problem if you went while we were on the plane. I’ll wait for you two at the gate and try to make sure we don’t leave without you.”

Thankfully, there wasn’t a line and they were in and done quickly.

Dawn chuckled. “Don’t look now, but I think your ex is on our flight.”

Vivian’s head snapped around. No, no, no, she wailed inwardly. Devin glanced up from the book he was reading as if sensing her presence and their eyes held. The corner of his mouth inched up in that devastating smile that always made her knees weak. She cursed her traitorous body. It still made her weak.

“Guess he’s going to Jamaica, too.”

“It’s a big island.” But first, she had to ignore his presence in first class once again. Maybe this time she’d actually make it to her seat without landing in his lap. She kept her eyes facing forward as she boarded and thought she was home free until he reached out and grabbed her hand.

“I hope I get a chance to see you in Jamaica, Princess. We have some unfinished business.”

Vivian really wished he’d stop calling her that. Even though it’s how he had always made her feel when they were dating. “It’s a big island and I’m sure our paths probably won’t cross. But, I hope you have a good vacation.” She tried to free her hand, but he held it for a moment longer before letting go.

Mariah sat down with a huff. “I don’t understand men. They rip your heart out then have the nerve to try to act like they’ve done nothing.”

Faint stirrings of remorse filled Vivian. She stared out of the window and didn’t comment. She only prayed the island was as big as she needed it to be. There was no way she could take being in Devin’s presence for any length of time. It only reminded her of what she’d left behind.





CHAPTER TWO


A blast of heat welcomed Devin as he deplaned in Jamaica. He still couldn’t believe Vivian was on the same flight and now on the same island. He’d tried to contact her for several weeks after she’d broken things off, wanting to find out the reason why, but she would only say, “It’s for the best.” It had driven him crazy at the time because he had no idea what he had done to cause the rift and would have done anything to fix it. She was the first woman with whom he had considered marriage and the only one to leave him wanting more. Seeing her again brought back all the emotions—good and bad—that he had kept buried for the past two years. He didn’t know what hotel she was staying at, but after the wedding, he planned to track her down and get answers to the question that still haunted him. Why did she leave?

Devin made his way through customs and to baggage claim. After retrieving his luggage an airport customer service representative directed him to the Arrivals Hall where someone from the all-inclusive resort would handle transportation to the hotel.

“Hey, man. You made it.”

“What’re you doing here, Tony? I thought you got in last night.”

Anthony Baldwin grinned. “I figured I’d make sure my best man made it to the correct hotel. Didn’t want you to get lost.”

He laughed. “Whatever, man. As I recall, I’m not the one who has trouble following directions.”

Tony shook his head. “One time, Devin.” He held up one finger. “Once in all the years we’ve been friends, and you never let me forget.”

“What are good friends for? Anybody else arrive yet?”

“My parents, Tina and I got in yesterday afternoon. Sam, her parents, the wedding coordinator arrived last night. You’re the first today.”

“Once I check in, maybe we can get a drink or something.”

“I’m counting on it,” Tony said as they boarded the shuttle.

Fifteen minutes later, Devin dragged himself off the van and into the air-conditioned resort. At the check-in desk, he handed the friendly woman his identification and credit card.

“Thank you, Mr. Simms,” she said after clicking a few keys on her computer. She handed his information back, along with keys to his suite. They started in the direction she indicated. “This is nice. I’m looking forward to a couple of weeks to relax.”

“Yeah. You’ve been working like a dog. Oh, you just finished that crazy shaped building, right?”

“The ribbon cutting was yesterday. It came out better than I expected. The client was happy and it put me over the top for a junior partnership.”

Tony slowed his steps. “What?”

Devin stopped walking. “Partner.”

A wide grin split Tony’s face and they did a fist bump. “Congratulations, man! It’s about time. We need to celebrate.”

“Give me half an hour to settle in and I’ll meet you in the lobby.” The two men parted ways and Devin took the elevator to his room. He slid the key into the door. “Wow,” he whispered. Everything about the suite shouted “for lovers only.” His mind automatically shifted to Vivian and he wondered whether she had made it to her hotel. Long ago, he figured that whenever he saw her again the only thing he’d feel was anger. The anger and confusion were there, but so was desire and, surprisingly, remnants of the deeper feelings of connection he thought were gone. Pushing those thoughts aside, Devin unpacked, showered and left to meet Tony.

They went to an outside pool, ordered a beer and spent a few minutes just catching up.

“So, are you ready to be a married man?” Devin asked.

Tony nodded. “I am. A year ago I would’ve said hell no and run for the nearest exit, but since meeting Samantha I know there’s no other woman for me.”

“I’m happy for you. She’s a great woman.”

“What about you, Devin? I thought for sure you’d beat me to the altar.”

Devin tilted the bottle to lips and took a long drink. “Yeah, well things change.”

“Well, Sam’s maid-of-honor wanted to know if you’re single—Lora. I think she’s interested in a few extracurricular activities other than what we’ve got planned,” he added with a laugh.

“Hmm.” Before seeing Vivian, he might have been interested. However, something about the feel of her in his arms and rapid pace of her heart against his chest when she fell in his lap told him they weren’t over. Not by a long shot. He had questions and she had answers. Whether here or back home, this time he intended to get them and maybe see if she was finally ready for more.

“So…do you want me to tell her you’re interested?”

Instead of answering, Devin said, “I saw Vivian.”

Tony choked on his beer. He coughed and coughed, then finally caught his breath. “When?” he croaked.

“She’s here.”

“Here? Where?” Tony asked, pivoting on his stool and scanning beach and pool areas.

“We were on the same flight here, but I don’t know where she’s staying.”

“Did she finally tell you why she ended things?” Tony was the only one Devin had told what happened.

“We didn’t really talk.”

“I take it you still have feelings for her.”

Devin shrugged. “I didn’t think so, but seeing her and holding her again—”

“Wait a minute. What do you mean holding her?”

He told Tony what happened on the plane and then continued. “I think we were both shocked. For a minute, though, I saw something in her eyes that reminded me of how things were back when we dated. I thought I could let it go, but I need answers, Tony. Either here or when I get home, this time I’m not going to just let things go.” Devin tilted the bottle to his lips and took a long drink.

“I don’t think I could, either.”

“That was one of the worse times in my life. Somebody broke into my house, then, with no explanation, my girl leaves me.” He shook his head. “The only thing that kept me sane was work and my family.” Devin still got angry every time he thought about that robbery. Thankfully, the police had recovered a few of the items that were most important to him.

“I remember,” Tony murmured. He clapped Devin on the back. “I hope you get the answers you need, my brother.” He glanced down at his watch and stood. “I need to get going. I’m meeting Samantha for dinner in thirty minutes, after she meets with the wedding planner again. One of the few times I’ll see her alone before the wedding,” he added with a heavy sigh.

Devin laughed and came to his feet. The two men headed back to the hotel lobby. “I take it her mom is running interference.”

“Man, we’ve been here twenty-four hours and I’ve seen my woman once for fifteen minutes. I couldn’t even get a real kiss,” Tony fussed. “With the schedule her mom and that wedding planner has, this will probably be the last time I see her until Friday.”

He laughed harder at Tony’s expression.

“Ah, Dev, I don’t think you’re going to have to wait until you get home.” Tony gestured across the lobby.

Devin’s laughter stopped abruptly. Vivian stood at the registration desk with her two friends. A slow smile formed on his lips. “I guess not.”

“As much as I’d love to stay and see how this moment will play out, I have my woman to get to. I’ll see you tomorrow. We’re meeting for the ATV safari at nine-thirty, right?”

He nodded. “I’ll check with Jason and Marcel sometime this evening to make sure they’re good to go, too. Tell Samantha hi.” The laughing women turned from the desk and started toward Devin and Tony. The moment Vivian spotted Devin, her smile faded and her big brown eyes grew wide.

“Will do. Good luck. By the look on her face, you’re going to need it. Later.”

Devin chuckled inwardly. The surprised look on Vivian’s face was priceless. Looked like he might get those answers sooner rather than later.



As soon as they checked in and deposited their bags, the women rushed back to the lobby for the meeting with the wedding planner. They would have had a few minutes to rest, but Vivian was trying to avoid Devin after deplaning and they got caught in the long customs line. She couldn’t help but wonder where he was staying. Seeing him again was hard because, although she had ended their relationship—she didn’t have a choice—she still loved him.

“Too bad you two have to meet with the wedding planner,” Dawn said as they waited at the front desk. “I’ve seen some fine brothers walking around here.”

Vivian laughed. “Try not to have too much fun without us.”

“Yeah,” Mariah added. “Save some fun for after Friday night. There are a couple of tours we should do. I really want to tour the Bellefield Great House and Gardens.”

Dawn rolled her eyes. “Hmph. I should’ve known you’d want to go somewhere that has to do with gardens and flowers.”

“I want to go, too,” Vivian said. “Dawn, it’s one of the oldest sugar plantations in Jamaica.”

“Ms. Irving said she’ll be down in a moment,” the front desk clerk said after hanging up the phone.

“Thank you,” Vivian and Mariah said at the same time.

“Viv and I shouldn’t be long, Dawn. An hour tops. We’re just going over the order with the hotel staff to make sure I have everything I need. We can have dinner afterwards.”

Dawn glanced down at her watch. “If y’all take too long, I’m going to ask one of these sexy men running around here to join me, like that one,” she whispered and pointed to a dark-skinned man who had obviously just left the pool or beach. His damp, muscled skin glistened in the overhead lighting.

Vivian shook her head at her outrageous friend. “Girl, I don’t know about you. Try not to get into trouble while we’re gone.”

“I’ll see what I can do, but don’t hold me to it.”

They all laughed.

“Um, Viv,” Dawn started, her laughter fading, “remember when you said this was a big island? Don’t look now, but I think it just shrunk.”

Vivian followed Dawn’s gaze and her stomach dropped. “I don’t believe it.” Out of all the hotels on the island, what were the odds that she and Devin would end up at the same one? She watched as he and Tony, who she remembered as being one of Devin’s friends, shared a one-arm hug. “This can’t be happening.”

“Oh no.” Mariah laid a hand on Vivian’s shoulder. “Sweetie, I’ve got bad news.”

She couldn’t imagine anything being worse and wasn’t sure she wanted to know, but asked the question anyway. “What is it?”

“That guy Devin was just talking to is Samantha Green’s fiancé. The one time he came with her to the shop, you were out, so I didn’t get a chance to introduce you.”

Vivian was wrong. It could be worse.

“Aaaand, now he’s coming this way.”

“Gee thanks, Dawn,” Vivian said sarcastically, like she couldn’t see all six-foot four-inches of Devin’s magnificent milk chocolate body heading in her direction. That sexy swagger had caught her attention the first time she’d seen him at the local gym. At the time, Mariah had been trying to impress some guy she was dating and talked Vivian into joining the fitness center. Unlike most of the women there who dressed in skimpy, tight workout attire, Vivian always wore an old T-shirt that was two sizes too big and baggy shorts. Devin had come up to her and teasingly said, “You know your workout might be more productive if your clothes fit better. You’re spending half your energy readjusting them.” He continued to tease her every time he saw her until she wore an outfit that fit. Then he’d asked her out on a date to celebrate. The evening had ended with a kiss that melted her on the spot. And she’d been melting ever since. But, once again her past caught up to her, forcing Vivian to end a promising relationship and hurt a man she was coming to love in the process. Now she was on an island with that same man, and ran the risk of succumbing to something she knew couldn’t last.

“Good afternoon, ladies.” Devin spoke to all three women but his eyes never left Vivian. “We meet again, Princess,” he murmured, searing her with the intensity of his gaze.

“Hey, Devin. You remember my friends, Mariah and Dawn?”

He nodded. “Good to see you ladies again.”

“Looks like we’re all here for the same reason,” Mariah volunteered with a slight edge in her tone.

Vivian cut her eyes at Mariah. She had hoped to keep that information secret until absolutely necessary, like the day of the wedding. She saw the moment he understood.

“The flowers. That means we’ll be seeing a lot of each other, Viv. I’m looking forward to catching up.”

“We’re going to be really busy, so I don’t think I’ll have much time for socializing,” Vivian said quickly. “Then it’ll be time to head back home.” She skewered Mariah with a glare that dared her to tell him how long they were staying.

Devin smiled perceptively. “Is that right? I’m sure Mariah can spare you for a few minutes. If memory serves me correctly, your floral arranging skills were limited to a few simply designed corsages and boutonnieres by choice because you preferred the business side of things.” He leaned down close to her ear. “Your words, not mine.”

Damn his memory. She took a step back, needing to put some distance between them. She searched the lobby for signs of Ms. Irving. How long did it take for the woman to get to the lobby? “Actually, there are several other things I have to do as well. So, like I said, I’ll be busy. Hope you enjoy yourself.”

His smile never wavered. “I think I’m going to enjoy this trip much more than I anticipated.”

Vivian’s breath caught. The heated look in his eyes was one she remembered well. This is so not good. She never could resist him when he turned those dark, magnetic eyes on her. How did she ever break up with him? Why was he staring at her like that? And why wasn’t he more upset with her?

“Oh, I’m so glad you made it,” Ms. Irving gushed, approaching the group with her arms spread. “Isn’t this place fabulous?”

Thank goodness! Vivian wanted to kiss the woman. “Hello, Ms. Irving. Yes, it’s a beautiful resort, although we haven’t had a chance to settle in yet.” Mariah greeted her and Vivian introduced Dawn.

“Oh, dear. Was your flight delayed?”

Mariah folded her arms and threw Vivian a look. “No. It just took a little extra time to deplane.”

“You must’ve gotten caught in that dreadful customs line. Well, I’ll try to keep it short. I asked Mrs. Green and Samantha to join us. They should be here in a… oh, there they are.” Ms. Irving waved them over.

Samantha hugged Vivian and Mariah when she joined them. “Thank you so much for being here, Mariah and Vivian.”

“We wouldn’t have missed it,” Vivian said. “This is our friend, Dawn.” She stole a quick glimpse at Devin standing there and smiling, and wished he would take a hint and leave.

“Nice to meet you,” Samantha and Mrs. Green said.

Samantha looked over at her mother, smiled and turned back. “I couldn’t have been happier when Mom told me she was flying you guys over.”

“Believe me, it was no problem,” Mariah said with a chuckle. “Are you ready for the big day?”

Samantha nodded and bounced up and down. “I’m so excited I can barely keep still.” She reached for Devin. “How are you, Devin? I didn’t know you knew these ladies.”

He leaned down and hugged her. “I’m good. Vivian and I go back a ways.”

“Really? That’s great. Vivian, make sure you have Devin bring you to the rehearsal dinner and pre-party tomorrow night at five. Actually all of you should come. I insist.”

Mariah and Dawn eagerly accepted. And judging from Devin’s satisfied expression, he obviously had no problem with it. Vivian seemed to be the only one less than pleased.

“I’ll be more than happy to escort Ms. Michaels,” Devin said. “What time should I pick you up, Viv?”

“I can just meet you in the lobby.”

“A gentleman would never do that. So, what time?”

Vivian wanted to tell him never, but with Samantha, Mrs. Green and Ms. Irving smiling at her expectantly she mumbled, “Four forty-five will be fine.”

“Great. What room are you in?”

Vivian reluctantly gave him her room number.

“I’ll let you ladies get to your meeting.” He bent, placed a lingering kiss on Vivian’s cheek and whispered, “See you later, Princess.”

Vivian blushed…hard.

Dawn and Mariah stared open-mouthed, then Mariah frowned.

“Well, let’s get going,” Ms. Irving said and hustled them to the room she reserved.

They discussed the schedule, toured the grounds where the wedding would be held, the courtyard for the reception and then Mariah’s workspace. Samantha left in the middle to meet her fiancé for dinner. Vivian was glad Mariah wrote everything down because she hadn’t heard one word. Her thoughts were still on Devin, the soft kiss that still lingered on her cheek and how she was going to get out of going to that dinner.





CHAPTER THREE


Vivian picked up the glass holding her second drink as soon as the waiter set it on the table and took a long draw from the black plastic straw.

Dawn reached over and snatched the drink out of Vivian’s hand. “Girl, you might want to slow down. That rum punch has a way of sneaking up on you and I don’t plan on carrying you out of here.”

“Viv, Dawn is right,” Mariah said with a sigh. “Especially since you don’t drink very often. These are delicious… but strong. Maybe you should put a little more food on your stomach before finishing that cocktail. And, I don’t want you to be still passed out tomorrow when it’s time to work. We have too much to do.”

“I’m fine. And I’ll be ready to work in the morning.” Vivian knew they were right and, if she didn’t slow down, she would pay dearly tomorrow, but she also figured if she drank enough, it would quell her rising response to Devin. She never realized how much she missed him. Okay, that was a lie. She missed him like crazy. No matter how many guys she went out with, none of them came close to making her feel the way Devin did. She found herself comparing every one of their touches and kisses to Devin’s, and the conclusion was always the same: none came close. Vivian released a deep sigh and retrieved her drink from Dawn. She needed it. This time, though, she only took a small sip and leaned back in her chair while staring out over the water. She’d been looking forward to relaxing and sampling authentic Caribbean cuisine with the beach steps away, but her peaceful paradise had turned into something more stressful. However, there was nothing she could do about it now. Sitting up, she picked up her fork and dug into her dinner. The food—traditional Jamaican steamed fish, rice and peas—smelled heavenly. This might be her only vacation for a long while and she needed to make the best of it.

The three women ate in silence for a while then Dawn asked, “So, you want to tell us what’s going on with you and Devin?”

“Nothing. I don’t know what he’s doing.”

“No?” Mariah said. “Seems to me he wants you two to get back together.”

How she wished they could. But the risk was too great. “Well, that won’t be happening. I can’t believe Samantha asked him to escort me to the rehearsal dinner.”

“If you don’t want him, I’ll be happy to go in your place.”

Vivian and Mariah glared at Dawn.

“What? She just said they weren’t getting back together. I’m not talking about dating him for an extended period of time. Just one looong night of pleasure, that’s all.”

Vivian tried to push down the rush of jealousy along with the urge to smack Dawn.

“Dawn, seriously?” Mariah said, rolling her eyes. “He broke up with Vivian. You do not go after ex-boyfriends who trashed your best friend’s heart.”

Dawn waved a hand. “Oh lighten up. I was just kidding.”

She said it in a playful manner, but something about her tone when she mentioned sleeping with Devin had Vivian thinking Dawn meant every word. The tension at the table was palpable for several minutes following the exchange, but things had returned to normal by the time the dinner plates had been removed from their table.

Mariah groaned. “I think I need to walk off some of this food. I ate entirely too much.”

“Me, too,” Vivian said. It was a good thing she hadn’t finished that second drink otherwise she would need someone to carry her out. Feeling the beginnings of a headache, she decided she’d have to find another way to deal with emotions swirling around in the pit of her stomach.

Vivian slipped off her sandals and her feet sank into the warm sand. Mariah and Dawn followed suit and the three strolled leisurely toward the water’s edge.

Mariah stopped walking. “Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?”

“It’s breathtaking,” Vivian said.

Dawn gestured around. “And we’re the only single ones out here enjoying it. A damn shame.”

They continued walking. A yawn escaped Vivian. “I think I need to go to bed. And, before you say anything about it being only seven thirty, Ms. Party Animal, remember I’ve been up since two this morning and, with the time change, it’s been a long day.” Also, the emotional impact of seeing Devin had literally drained her.

Dawn laughed. “I wasn’t going to say anything, but if you hadn’t tried to drink yourself under the table, you might not be so tired.”

“What are you talking about? I had one drink and less than half of a second one,” Vivian protested.

“For you, that’s drinking yourself under the table.”

Vivian rolled her eyes.

“Sorry, Viv, but Dawn’s got a point. You’ve never been a drinker,” Mariah said with a chuckle. “However, in your defense it has been a long day and you’ve had some extra stress. I’m a little travel-worn myself so turning in early works for me. I need to be focused for the next day and a half. Can we talk for a few minutes about the game plan before we go to bed? We can meet in your room or mine, doesn’t matter to me.”

“Let’s do mine. All I want to do when you leave is turn off the lights and pull up the covers. You coming, Dawn?” Vivian asked as they started back.

“Not yet. I want to explore a little more, but I won’t be in late so I don’t wake up Riah.” Their rooms were next to each other, and Dawn had elected to share a room with Mariah so they could split the cost.

“Okay. I’ll see you tomorrow.” Vivian and Mariah went in the direction of the lobby and Dawn continued down the beach. At the elevator, Vivian yawned again. She hoped she could stay awake long enough to listen to Mariah. When the elevator came, they boarded and pushed the button for their floor.

“I’m going to shower first, then I’ll be over. And you’d better not be asleep.”

“Then you’d better not take all night,” Vivian shot back as they exited on their floor and walked down the hall.

Mariah stopped at her door. “I won’t. Give me fifteen minutes.”

Vivian nodded and slid the key into her own door. “Okay. See you in a few.” She shut the door behind her and leaned against it. For a moment, she just stood there and surveyed her surroundings. She had been in such a rush earlier that she only had time to drop her bags, go to the bathroom and leave. But, now she focused on the stunning room. Hers wasn’t even a suite, but the grandeur of the room rivaled that of any suite where she stayed previously—mahogany furnishings, four-poster king-sized bed and a balcony with the most amazing view of the ocean, which she could still appreciate even in the impending darkness. Pushing off the door, she hefted the suitcase onto the luggage rack and unzipped it. She searched for and found her nightclothes and toiletry bag. In the bathroom, Vivian toyed with whether to take a bath or shower and settled for the shower, knowing there was a high risk of her drowning if she sat in that tub and fell asleep.

When she finished her shower, Vivian glanced over at the clock and saw twenty minutes had passed. That girl needs to hurry up or I’m not going to hear anything she says. She walked over to the balcony doors that were still open, stepped out and released a long breath. “What a day.” She still hadn’t figured out what to tell Devin. There was no way she could pretend to be unaffected by him. They had dated exclusively for eight months. He’d come to know her—and her body—well and could read her like a book. Her mind went back to the sunset. Yes, she had seen one just as beautiful when Devin had taken her to Carmel. They’d made the hour and a half drive from San Jose a couple of weekends after they returned from a Los Angeles concert where Monte had proposed to Devin’s sister, Janae. They had sat on the beach watching the sunset. She recalled his words: “There’s nothing more perfect tonight than kissing my princess as the sun dips below the horizon.” Their lovemaking that night had been different… indescribable, and she thought she’d finally be able to have the happiness she had always wanted. But, less than a month later, it was over. A knock on the door interrupted her musings. She closed the door and drapes then went to let Mariah in.

“Girl, I thought you’d be sleep. Sorry I took so long. Ahmad called and wanted to make sure I arrived safely. I can’t believe he searched to find the hotel’s number,” she muttered. “I think he just wanted to see if some other guy was going to answer the phone.” Ahmad was Mariah’s on-again-off-again boyfriend. “I told him we would be over for good if he didn’t get over his trust issues. I don’t have time to deal with this crap.”

“That’s what you’ve been saying for the last three months.”

Mariah dropped down on the side of Vivian’s bed. “I know. He promised he would work on himself. I know he’s still tripping because his ex cheated on him, but I don’t know how much longer I can take this.”

Vivian climbed onto the bed, leaned against the pillows and tucked her feet under her.

Mariah waved the folder in the air. “Anyway, let’s talk about what we need to do.” She opened it and pulled out the top sheet. “Okay. You’re going to be making the eight boutonnieres and four corsages. For the guys, it’s a dark purple calla lily, loops of white stem wire with pearls and purple metallic stem wrap. For the ladies, a double midnight purple orchid dendrobium with lavender ribbon.”

“I hope I can do this. I’ve never done the pearl loops before.”

“You’ll be fine and I’ll be there to help. I have the three smaller bouquets for the bridesmaids, centerpieces for the five tables, and Samantha’s bouquet. I’ve only done that one twice, but it’s one of my favorites.”

“I love that one, too.” The all-white cascading bouquet of phalaenopsis orchids, cattleya orchids, calla lilies and gardenias decorated with rhinestones was a gorgeous piece and Vivian had fallen in love with it on sight.

“Maybe one day I can make it for your wedding.”

She didn’t hold out hope that she’d ever get married. Besides, the one man she wanted to marry, she couldn’t have. Her brother breaking into Devin’s house had made sure of that. Then Greg had had the nerve to try to pressure Vivian into giving him more information about Devin, his family, and Devin’s new superstar brother-in-law, in the hopes of getting into their homes, as well. In order to keep that from happening, she had ended her and Devin’s relationship and cut all ties from him. “You’ll probably get married long before me.”

“We shall see,” Mariah said and stood. “I’d better get moving before I fall asleep here instead of next door.” She paused. “Are you really okay with Devin being here and knowing he’s part of the wedding party?”

“Not like I have a lot of choice. I just have to deal with it, but I’m trying to come up with a way to get out of going to the rehearsal dinner tomorrow night.”

“Not sure how you’re going to do that seeing as how we’re here in a working capacity for the next couple of days and since the client asked you to be there. You’ll just have to paste a smile on and work it like you own it. I know you’ll be able to pull it off.”

Vivian hated to admit it, but Mariah had a point. “You’re right. I can do this. It’ll only be for an hour or so.” She waved a hand. “No sweat.”

Mariah nodded. “Okay. See you in the morning. I’ll knock on your door around eight so we can grab a quick breakfast first.”

“All right. Goodnight, Mariah.” As soon as the door closed, Vivian turned off the lights and scooted beneath the covers. This was her job and she would do whatever it took not to jeopardize their growing company, even if that meant spending tomorrow night in Devin’s company. Work it like she owned it? Sure, she could handle that…maybe.



Devin entered his room later that evening after having dinner with Marcel and Jason still thinking about Vivian. He’d gotten a glimpse of her walking on the beach and it took great effort on his part not to approach her again. No, he’d give her some space tonight, but tomorrow night was a different story. He recalled Vivian’s discomfort, especially when he called her princess. She had told him once that being with him felt like a fairytale. The corner of his mouth lifted in a slight smile. He’d teasingly called her his princess and the name stuck. His smile faded slowly and anger tightened his chest. Vivian made it quite obvious she planned to avoid him, but taking advantage of Samantha’s generosity brought him closer to getting those answers, and that was his ultimate goal.

He walked over and slid the balcony door open. The room afforded him an incredible view of the beach and, stepping out, he felt more relaxed than he had in a long time. Devin stood there until a wave of fatigue washed over him. He checked his watch and went back inside. He’d confirmed tomorrow’s plans and now it was time to call it a night. Besides all of the daytime activities, he wanted to be well rested for the battle he knew he’d have with Vivian tomorrow night.



Devin woke up the next morning two hours past his normal five-thirty rising time feeling refreshed. He hadn’t slept this well in a long time. Throwing back the covers, he rose to his feet, stretched and padded to the bathroom. Fifteen minutes later, showered and dressed, he went to sit on the balcony until it was time to meet the guys for breakfast. They went for the breakfast buffet and chose outdoor seating.

“Man, I slept like a log,” Jason said, scooping eggs onto his fork.

“So did I,” Devin said.

Marcel chuckled. “By the look on my cousin’s face, he was probably the only one who didn’t.”

They all turned their gazes to Tony, who sat with a heavy scowl on his face.

He glared at each one. “Don’t start with me. If I had known it was going to be like this, I would’ve kept the damn wedding at home. At least there I could see Samantha before we walked down the aisle.”

“Devin said you two had dinner last night,” Jason said.

“We did, finally, after her meeting with the wedding planner. I wanted to go for a walk last night, maybe sit in one of those gazebos on the water, but we ran into her parents. Her mother was like, ‘Oh, good. Since she left before we finished our meeting earlier, I need Samantha to look over some final floral arrangement details’,” he mimicked in falsetto. “It took all I had not to throw Sam over my shoulder and take off.”

Devin tried to suppress a laugh, but failed. “Look on the bright side, after tomorrow she’ll be all yours.”

“Yeah, and you’ll see her tonight at the rehearsal dinner and pre-party,” Marcel added. “I’ll even cover you for a while if you want to be alone with Samantha, but don’t try to be gone all night. I’d say you could get away with about thirty minutes before folks start realizing you’re both gone.”

Tony sat up straight and his expression brightened considerably. “Thanks, man. I owe you.”

The teasing continued for the remainder of breakfast. As they were leaving, Marcel asked, “So, Tony, are you ready for the bachelor challenge tonight? I suggest you go easy on the alcohol at the party. Wouldn’t want you throwing up so early in the game.”

“Yeah, no punking out,” Devin added with a chuckle. Instead of the typical bachelor party, the group of friends had instituted a physical challenge “party”, requiring the prospective groom to engage in a variety of workout exercises—running, lifting weights, sit-ups, push-ups, and any other extreme activity that came to mind—to ensure he was physically ready for the wedding night.

Tony slanted a quick glance at Marcel and Devin. “I can hold my liquor just fine and I’m in much better shape than you were when you got married last year, Marcel.”

Jason laughed and pointed at Marcel. “Man, you were pitiful. Couldn’t even manage thirty push-ups and you were still sore a week later at the wedding. Just weak!”

This brought on another round of laughter and more trash talking. As they entered the lobby, Devin spotted Vivian and Mariah carrying what looked like supplies and flowers. The two women were engaged in an animated discussion and he took the opportunity to study her. She had let her hair grow out—it now hung past her shoulders—and changed it to a lighter shade of brown with gold streaks. He liked the way it complemented her smooth dark caramel skin. His gaze lingered on her long bare legs beneath the sundress she wore. A memory of those legs wrapped around his waist as he thrust in and out of her flashed through his mind, sending a jolt to his groin.

“Yo, Dev, did you hear me?”

Devin registered the tap on his shoulder and jerked his head around toward Tony. “What?”

Tony shook his head. “Obviously not.”

“That’s because one of these brown-skinned honeys caught his attention,” Jason drawled. “Go on over there and introduce yourself. We still have a few minutes before it’s time to leave.”

Tony turned in the direction Devin had been looking and smiled. “Actually, he doesn’t need an introduction. He already knows her… intimately. I think they’ve got some unresolved issues.”

Jason lifted an eyebrow, his smile widening. “Is that right?”

“Tony, I don’t need you to answer for me,” Devin said, glaring at them. His gaze drifted back to Vivian as she passed near where he stood. Their eyes connected for a brief moment before she turned away. “Viv and I will have plenty of time to talk. Let’s go.” Yes, they’ll have plenty of time… starting tonight. He took one more look in her direction. Look out, Princess. I’m coming for you.





CHAPTER FOUR


Vivian deposited the bag filled with ribbons and Mariah’s tools onto the workstation, braced her hands on the surface and bowed her head. She had given herself a pep talk last night about attending the dinner with Devin, but after seeing him again just now she didn’t think she would be able go through with it. At thirty, she’d had her share of relationships, but Devin was four years older and light years ahead in experience. He’d said they had unfinished business and that meant he wanted answers. And he would use every weapon in his sensual arsenal to get them. But those were answers that she couldn’t give him…not if she didn’t want him to hate her. Vivian feared that’s exactly what would happen when he found out she had been holding back the fact that she knew who had broken into his house for two years.

“Looks like all that talk last night about you being able to handle being on Devin’s arm tonight was just that…talk. I saw the way you looked when we passed him. If I didn’t know better, I’d think there was something going on between you two.”

She busied herself with separating the wires, wrap and beads needed for the boutonnieres rather than look at her friend. “Please. There’s nothing going on.”

Mariah brought a bucket of purple and white roses to the counter. “No? Then what gives? Like I said last night, for a man who broke your heart, he sure seems interested and you don’t act like a woman scorned. I mean, you spent weeks crying after the breakup and now…” She threw up her hands. “I don’t know. I’d want to rip his face off every time I saw him if that happened to me. Even now, I find myself glaring at him every time our paths cross.”

Vivian shrugged. “I’ll admit he’s a tough act to follow, but it’s over. I’ve moved on.” She was tempted to take a step to the side just in case lightning struck from that lie. Wanting to change the subject, she asked, “Show me what you want me to do. How many beads do you want me to put on each strand?”

Mariah stared at her a long moment then said, “Just one. Do three six-inch wires and when you loop them, make sure the bead is in a different location—left side, middle and right side of the loop.” She picked up one of the Calla lilies and demonstrated.

“How do you do that so fast?”

“I’ve had years of practice.”

“Yeah, okay. But don’t expect me to finish that fast.” She picked up the wire cutters and cut the white fabric-covered wire into twenty-four six-inch pieces, then picked up the package of beads. She glanced over to see Mariah in deep concentration as she expertly assembled the purple and white rose bouquets that the maid-of-honor and bridesmaids would carry. Vivian was grateful for the short reprieve. Before long, Mariah started up again. So much for having a moment of peace.

“Earlier, you said that you’d moved on after Devin.”

“I have.”

“I don’t think so, Viv.”

“What are you talking about?”

“You rarely date, and the guys who are lucky to get a date, get just that—one date. You complain about one thing or the other—most times it’s trivial stuff—and now I’m wondering if you’ve truly gotten over what Devin did to you.”

Vivian was silent for a moment. Every time Mariah mentioned what Devin did Vivian’s stomach lurched. “Riah, it’s not that easy to find a good man. Look at what you’re going through with Ahmad. I just don’t want to carry any more baggage than I have to.”

“Whatever you say,” Mariah said, but she didn’t look convinced. “It’s close to noon and I’m starving. I’ll finish putting the rhinestones on this last bouquet then we should get some lunch.”

“That’s fine by me. I’m almost done with the boutonniere I’m working on.” She still had two more to go and the four corsages.

“You’re doing a great job. I might have to start letting you do more.”

Vivian let out a snort. “Girl, whatever. It’s been almost three hours and I’ve only done six. You would’ve finished all eight and the corsages. No, thank you. I’ll just take care of the managing, ordering, answering the phones… that’s my area of expertise and I love it.”

Mariah laughed. “Still, I appreciate your help. Lord knows I would have needed an extra day if I had to do it alone.”

They shared a smile and continued working. Minutes later, Vivian spritzed the flowers the way Mariah taught her, took pictures to add to their portfolio and put them into the large refrigerator. She waited while Mariah placed the bouquets into vases with just enough water to cover the unwrapped portion of the stems, being careful not to get the ribbons wet. She helped carry them to the refrigerator then flexed her fingers to ease the stiffness.

“I bet they’re going to have all kinds of delicious food tonight, so I think I’ll just get something light,” Mariah said as they entered one of the casual restaurants.

Vivian planned to eat light, as well, but for a different reason. The knots in her stomach got tighter and tighter with the possibility that she’d have to go through with this date after all. After perusing the menu, they settled on sharing a variety of appetizers.

“Oh, this is so good, “Mariah said, an expression of pure delight on her face.

Vivian forked up a portion of the pan-seared scallops with bacon. She moaned with the first taste. “Oh, my goodness, this is amazing. Before we leave, I’m going to see if I can get this recipe and find a good cookbook.”

“As long as you invite me over whenever you try out the recipe, we’ll remain friends.”

Her mouth gaped.

“What? You may not know flowers, but you do know your way around the kitchen.”

“I can’t believe that’s the only reason you’ve been my friend all these years.” They laughed again. Vivian learned to cook when she was around eight or nine. She’d had to if she wanted to eat. With her dad in and out of jail, and her mother being too depressed about his absence to care for her children, Vivian took on the responsibility of preparing meals for herself and her older brother. Back then, the meals weren’t fancy, but they didn’t go hungry. She’d learned how to make the small amount of money she got from her mom stretch as far as the ocean in front of her she could see. She had worked hard to leave the craziness of her upbringing behind her. Yet, somehow, it always managed to catch up to her. “I wonder what Dawn is doing.”

“She probably found some fine man to take her around the island. I don’t know how she always does that. Girl’s got a gift.”

“Hmm.” Immediately Vivian recalled Dawn’s comments about Devin and she wondered… No. She wouldn’t do that, Vivian chastised herself. They were friends.

Mariah pushed her chair back and stood. “All right, let’s get back to work. I want to finish by three-thirty or four, so I’ll have at least an hour to relax before dinner.”

Vivian slowly rose to her feet and groaned inwardly. Tonight. She didn’t see any way to dodge that dinner. And she still couldn’t imagine why Devin agreed to escort her. Maybe he was just being polite and didn’t want to offend Samantha. Vivian was positive he wouldn’t want to spend too much time with her, knowing what she’d done. An idea came to her. She would propose they arrive together, mingle as a couple long enough to appease the bride, and then go their separate ways. She smiled to herself, feeling confident Devin would go along with her plan.

Back in the workroom, she picked up where she left off while Mariah started gathering the flowers she’d use for the centerpieces. It took Vivian another two hours to complete her tasks.

“Viv, do you see the white ribbon in the bag with your stuff?”

She searched the bag. “It’s not in here. Didn’t you put it in the blue tote you had?”

Mariah sighed heavily. “I thought so, but it’s not here. Maybe I left it in the room when I was moving stuff between bags. Can you go up to my room and check? I don’t want to stop working.”

“Sure. Give me your key.”

She gestured to the tote. “It’s in the small outside pocket. Oh, and would you mind stopping at the bar and bringing me some water or juice?”

Vivian nodded. “I’ll be back in a few.” She took the elevator to their floor and stopped in her room first to put her hair up. She’d started growing her hair out from its usual chin length a couple of years ago and liked the new look, but it kept falling in her face while she worked and was getting on her nerves. Securing it with a headband, she decided to get the front trimmed a little when she returned home. She retraced her steps and went next door to find the ribbon.

“Oh, hey Dawn,” Vivian said, surprised to see her. “We figured you’d be touring the island with some fine hunk by now.”

Dawn laughed. “Yeah. So did I. I did have drinks with one nice guy last night, but the only brother who wanted to give me a tour looked like he was old enough to be my father. I just came up to cool off. How are the flowers coming?”

“Good. Riah’s starting on the bride’s bouquet, which is why I’m up here.” She searched through the two other bags, but didn’t find the ribbon. “She can’t find the white ribbon she needs.”

“You mean that white ribbon sitting on the dresser behind you?”

Vivian whirled around. “Yep. That would be it. Don’t know how I missed this huge roll staring at me.” She shook her head and grabbed it. “I’ll see you in a little while. Are you coming with us to the party tonight?”

“You’d better believe it. There’s bound to be a few single men there. Hopefully, one of the guys in the wedding party is single. As fine as Devin and the groom are, I can’t see the other guys being ugly. Fine men usually run in packs.”

She burst out laughing. “Girl, you are a hot mess. Bye.” She closed the door behind her still chuckling.

Vivian was halfway through the lobby when she remembered the drinks. Taking a slight detour, she went outside to the bar located on the beach. It seemed like more people had arrived at the hotel and were taking advantage of the sun. Several people stood with drinks in hand talking and drinking. She found a small opening and squeezed in. It took a moment for the bartender to come her way.

“What can I get for the pretty lady?” he asked in heavily accented English.

She surveyed the list of non-alcoholic beverages and settled on a fruity concoction of passion fruit, orange, pineapple and lemon juices.

“Hello, Princess.”

Vivian went still upon hearing the warm baritone behind her. She turned slowly and met a solid wall of smooth chocolate. Devin. Shirtless. And his body still as well defined as she remembered. He towered over her five-foot five frame so she stood at eye level with the elaborately scrolled tattoo that covered the right side of his chest, shoulder and upper arm. She recalled the many times she used her fingers and tongue to trace over every inch, driving him to the brink—

“Are you and Mariah done with the flowers?”

His voice broke into her lustful thoughts. Her head popped up and a rush of heat stung her cheeks. “Um…not yet. I just came to get us something to drink.”

He gestured toward the crowded bar. “I guess we all had the same idea. So, how’ve you been?” His gaze drifted down her body and back up to her face. “You’re looking as beautiful as ever.” He lifted his hand and fingered the strands of her hair. “And I really like what you’ve done with your hair.”

Although it shouldn’t have, his praise warmed her heart. “Fine and thank you.”

Devin paused a beat then said, “I’ve missed you, Viv.” He moved closer, leaving a mere inch between them. “Did you miss me as much as I’ve missed you?”

Those deep brown eyes locked on hers, heating her insides. “I… not really,” she lied.

His brow lifted. “Are you sure? Because your eyes are saying something else entirely. We were good together, Princess. What happened?”

“Devin, I…” she trailed off as he braced both hands on the bar, effectively trapping her. Vivian’s pulse spiked. His eyes held hers for a long moment, dropped to her mouth and back to her eyes. Oh, God! He’s not thinking what I think he is. Is he? She was barely holding on to her distant attitude. And if he… He bent and gently touched his mouth to hers, cutting off her mental tirade.

“As sweet as I remember.”

“Devin, I don’t think—”

“Miss, your drinks,” the waiter said behind her.

She spun around and picked up the two glasses. Her hands shook so bad, she spilled a little from both glasses.

“Two drinks?” Devin asked, desire still evident in his eyes.

“One… one is for Mariah,” she stammered. “I have to go.”

“Aren’t you forgetting something?” he asked with amusement.

She followed his gaze to the spool of ribbon sitting on the bar. Vivian sat one glass down, tucked the ribbon under her arm and retrieved the glass.

“Do you need some help?”

“No,” she answered quickly. She glanced down at his arm still blocking her exit. He dropped his arm and stepped back slightly, ensuring that their bodies would have to touch when she passed. She steeled herself for the contact and brushed past him.

“I’ll see you tonight. Four forty-five sharp,” Devin called after her.

She didn’t stop or respond. And she wasn’t staying at that party one second longer than necessary.



Devin ordered a Coke and watched Vivian’s swaying hips until they were out of sight. He scrubbed a hand down his face. What the hell was he doing? And what possessed him to kiss her? He was only supposed to be friendly enough to get answers, not kiss her, but the moment he saw her standing there in the thin-strapped sundress that hit her mid thigh, all he could think about was getting closer to her. And when she turned those beautiful brown eyes on him and did that little lip-biting thing—something she did when she was nervous—his common sense fled. The next he knew his lips were on hers.

Soon, the bartender placed the drink in front of him and he slid onto a recently vacated stool. While idly sipping the cold drink, he continued to mull over the encounter. The kiss just reaffirmed what he already knew—she wasn’t out of his system and likely never would be. With what happened before he’d be a fool to start up anything with her again. Was she worth the risk? He wouldn’t admit it out loud, but inwardly he knew she was.

“Hey, stranger,” a female voice said and placed her hand on his shoulder.

He turned slightly to see one of the bridesmaids—the one Tony mentioned being interested in Devin—standing next to him in a bikini that left nothing to the imagination and smiling flirtatiously. “Hey, Lora. Where are the other ladies?”

“Everybody’s doing their own thing for the next couple of hours before dinner. Are you and the guys relaxing on the beach?”

“I saw Marcel and his wife heading in that direction on my way here, but I don’t know where the other guys are.”

Lora’s smile widened. “So you’re all alone?”

Devin took another sip of his drink before answering. “For the moment.”

Her hand moved across his shoulder. “That’s a shame. No one should be alone in such a beautiful place. Wouldn’t you agree?”

“Oh, I don’t know. Sometimes being alone is a good thing.”

“I bet I can change your mind.”

With that comment, Devin knew it was time for him to leave. He didn’t want her to think he was interested in any kind of relationship outside of their roles in Tony and Sam’s wedding. Especially with his unresolved feelings for Vivian. He downed the remainder of his drink and stood. “Thanks, but I think I’m going to head back to my room for a while. I’ll see you tonight.”

The woman wasn’t deterred. “How about an escort to the rehearsal dinner?”

“I’m already escorting someone.” Devin slid past her, being careful not to touch any part of her body—a serious challenge because she obviously had no intentions of moving.

“Let me know if you change your mind. I promise you won’t regret it,” she called after him in a sultry tone.

Devin had planned to hang out on the beach for a while, but figured he’d be better off in his room. He entered the lobby and noticed Mariah waiting for the elevator. “Hello, Mariah.”

Instead of responding to his greeting, she glared at him and went off on a tirade. “You know what? You have a lot of nerve smiling and flirting with Vivian after what you did to her. How could you break her heart that way?”

“Excuse—”

Mariah stepped closer and pointed a finger in his face. “I don’t know what kind of game you’re playing, but she’s suffered enough. I’ll be damned if I stand by and watch you start something up because you’ve finally realized you’re missing what you let go of and now you want her back. Let me make this clear: You. Will. Not. Break. Her. Heart. Again,” she gritted out.

He was so stunned by her comments he couldn’t utter a word. Break her heart? What the hell? The elevator doors opened and people exited. Devin stepped on and held the door.

Mariah folded her arms and continued to glare at him. “I think I’ll wait for the next one.”

The doors swooshed closed and he tried to make sense of what just happened. Why would Mariah accuse him of breaking Vivian’s heart? He wasn’t the one who ended the relationship. Vivian did. What had Vivian told her friends? By the time he made it to his room, he was beyond angry. It dawned on him that the only explanation for Mariah’s outburst was that Vivian had told her he’d broken off the relationship. But why would she do that? And what was she hiding? Devin reached for the door he had just closed, tempted to find Vivian and confront her. He stood there for several seconds debating what to do. Finally, he dropped his hand. He didn’t want to do anything to ruin Tony and Sam’s wedding. But, tomorrow night all bets were off.





CHAPTER FIVE


Vivian paced her room nervously and checked her watch for the fiftieth time. She stopped in front of the mirror and smoothed a hand down the front of her dress. It had taken her a full thirty minutes of discarding outfits to settle on the navy blue and white striped sleeveless dress with an overlapping cutout in the back and her red wedge-heeled sandals. “I can do this,” she muttered. “Just remember the plan—mingle and get out.” A knock on the door startled her. Show time. She took a deep breath and went to open the door. Anything she had planned to say went right out of her head when she saw Devin. He stood there in all his fineness wearing navy trousers that hung low on his trim waist and a white silk pullover that outlined every single muscle in his upper body. Once she stopped staring, she realized they were wearing the same color. She groaned inwardly.

“You look beautiful. Are you ready?” Devin asked.

Get it together, Vivian! “Oh. Yes. Thank you. I just need to grab my purse.” She retrieved it from the bed, dropped in the room key and preceded him out the door. They walked silently down the hallway and she studied him out of her periphery. Something about his demeanor had changed. His expression held an edge that wasn’t there earlier. While they waited for the elevator, she decided it was a good time to bring up her idea. “Devin?”

He glanced down at her.

“I know you were trying not to hurt Samantha’s feelings by escorting me, so I’d like to propose something. To make this easier on both of us, I think we should agree to a time limit.”

The elevator arrived and he gestured for her to go first. “Is that right?” Devin leaned against the wall and folded his arms, staring intently at her and waiting.

“Yes,” Vivian said, pushing the button for the first floor. “We arrive together, eat dinner and mingle for about thirty minutes. Then I’ll leave and you can be free to enjoy yourself. That should be enough time to appease the bride.”

He didn’t comment until they exited the elevator. Placing his hand in the small of her back and guiding her through the lobby, he leaned close to her ear and whispered, “You’re not getting off that easy, Viv.”

She stared up at his unsmiling face and a sense of unease crept up her spine. “Devin—”

“Hey. Here’s my best man,” Tony interrupted, pulling Devin into a one-arm hug. He turned to Vivian and extended his hand. “Vivian, it’s been a long time. Good to see you again.”

She shook his hand. “It’s nice to see you again too, Tony. Congratulations.”

“Thanks. And thank you and Mariah for flying over to do the flowers. You’ve made my baby a very happy woman.”

Vivian smiled. “It’s our pleasure.” She caught Devin’s attention and started to mouth that she needed to talk to him, but was interrupted again when other members of the wedding party and their guests joined them. She sighed inwardly. What did Devin mean by her not getting off easy? And why was he glaring at her? She didn’t have time to evaluate it further as the group proceeded out toward the beach. She gazed up at him questioningly, however his features were unreadable. “I thought they were having a rehearsal dinner.”

“They are. After the cruise around Montego Bay.”

Vivian panicked. “Cruise? What cruise? You never said anything about a cruise.”

The corner of Devin’s mouth tilted in a slight smile. “It’s part of the wedding package. I thought you knew. Pre-party… remember?”

No she didn’t know. “How long is the cruise?”

“Two hours.”

Her eyes widened and her stomach lurched. Two hours? Two hours trapped on a boat. She couldn’t handle this. “Devin, how about I just meet you here around seven, after the cruise?”

Samantha materialized next to Vivian. “Oh, good, you’re here. Where’s Mariah and your other friend?”

“They said they’d be here.” Vivian did a quick survey of the area, but didn’t see them. Another wave of panic hit her. She needed the buffer of her friends to help survive this fiasco.

“Well, I wouldn’t worry about it. The boat doesn’t leave for another five minutes. You guys may as well board. See you in a minute.” Samantha hurried off to where her fiancé stood waving.

Devin reached down and grasped her hand. “I know you don’t get sea sick, so what’s the problem?”

In order to answer his question, she would have to tell him everything. And she couldn’t do that. “I’m fine. Let’s go.” As soon as they were on board, she spotted Dawn and Mariah heading toward the boat. She gave up a silent prayer of thanks.

“Girl, I’m so glad I decided to come on this trip with you guys,” Dawn said when she reached Vivian. She smiled coyly. “Hello, Devin.”

“Dawn,” Devin replied.

Was Dawn flirting with Devin? Vivian looked over at Mariah, who shook her head.

“I’m going to talk to Samantha, Viv,” Mariah said. She shot Devin a look and walked off.

Devin’s jaw tightened.

Vivian knew Mariah had mentioned throwing hostile looks Devin’s way and Vivian had noticed it once or twice, but this seemed like more. She had one friend eying her ex and the other one shooting daggers at him. Sighing, she took a seat and turned to face the water. It was going to be a long evening—much longer than she had planned. Moments later, the boat left the dock. Though anger and worry had a hold on her senses, she couldn’t deny the sheer beauty of the island—crystal clear blue waters with a sky to match, lush greenery and soothing Reggae rhythms being played by the on-board DJ. A short time later, the boat stopped. “Why are we stopping?”

“The cruise includes snorkeling,” Devin said.

Several of the guests peeled off clothing to reveal swimming attire and some were being fitted with the snorkeling equipment. Those staying on the boat were either dancing or taking advantage of the open bar. “Aren’t you going snorkeling?” she asked Devin, hoping he’d say yes.

“No.” He stood and pulled her to her feet. “Dance with me.”

“I don’t think that’s a good idea.”

He angled his head thoughtfully and pulled into his arms. “Neither do I.”

Vivian tried to put some space between them, but he held her tightly. It had been a long time since she’d felt his strong arms surrounding her and wished it could be like this always. His hard body moved sensually against hers and her body reacted on its own volition, answering the call of each subtle grind and sending shivers down her spine.

“I keep telling myself that I should be mad as hell after what you did to us. And I am.”

Vivian lifted her eyes to meet his.

“But being mad doesn’t stop me from wanting you.”

“Please don’t do this here,” she whispered, turning away.

“Don’t worry, Princess,” Devin murmured. “I don’t plan on discussing us tonight. But, after the wedding, I want answers. No more excuses.” He leaned back a fraction and tilted her chin. “You owe me that much, at least.”

She could see the pain in his eyes and hear it in the softly spoken words. She reached up to touch his face, but caught herself and lowered her hand. Everything in her wanted so badly to explain, wanted him to know she hadn’t meant to hurt him. “I’m sorry.”

“There is one thing I need to know right now. Why did you tell your friends I broke up with you and not the other way around?”

“I…I didn’t. I just told them we broke up. I guess they just assumed—”

“They assumed I was to blame,” Devin finished.

Vivian nodded and backed out of his hold. “I’m going to find the bathroom.” Without waiting for a reply, she turned and navigated through the crowd, stopping to ask one of the boating company employees for directions.

Inside the bathroom, she bit back tears and tried to calm her emotions. Devin was right. She did owe him an explanation as to why she’d ended their relationship so abruptly. But, after all this time, she still hadn’t found the right words. She wet a paper towel, blotted her face, touched up her makeup and took several deep breaths. When she felt a measure of control, she went back on deck and sought out her two friends. They still had the dinner to get through and she needed a few minutes away from Devin. Thankfully, he stayed on the other side of the boat. She found Mariah standing off to one side frowning with her arms folded.

“What are you frowning at?” Vivian asked.

“Girl, Dawn.”

She followed the direction where Mariah pointed and saw Dawn dancing with, first one of the older men, then with one of the groomsmen. She tensed when Dawn danced her way over to Devin, moving suggestively in front of him.

“What the hell is she doing?” Mariah asked. “I’m about to go over there and snatch her.”

Vivian wondered the same thing until Dawn moved on to the next man and finally back over to where Vivian and Mariah stood.

“Dawn, what was that?” Mariah lit into her as soon as she was in earshot. “Why were you trying to dance with Devin like that?”

Dawn waved a dismissive hand. “It was just a dance. Everybody is up. And I danced with several guys. Viv was dancing, too. Come on, I’m just having a little fun. It’s supposed to be a party.”

Mariah shook her head. “Not cool, Dawn. Not cool.”

Vivian stayed silent because she didn’t know what to think, and couldn’t have been happier when they headed back to shore.

When the boat docked, they were led to a private courtyard that offered a breathtaking view of the sunset and that had been enhanced with special lighting and hanging lanterns. As a bonus, Mariah had made centerpieces for the dinner and had come early to arrange them on the tables. She’d kept to the purple theme, but had added splashes of tangerine for a more tropical feel. Vivian viewed the beautiful setup and couldn’t help but feel a pang of envy. Samantha and Tony had picked the perfect place for their wedding. More guests crowded into the area talking and laughing. There had to be close to fifty people who’d traveled for the wedding.

“It’s time to take our seats, Princess.”

She jumped slightly at Devin’s touch. “Shouldn’t you be sitting with the wedding party?”

“No.” He gently took hold of her arm and led her over to one of the tables.

There were two chairs together at the end of the table, but Vivian hadn’t counted on having to sit next to him. She tried to take the empty chair between two guests who were already seated, but Devin thwarted her efforts by offering the seat to an older woman passing by. Instead, he went directly to those two vacant chairs and pulled one out for her. Just like earlier, he didn’t leave much room for escape. She grit her teeth when her breasts brushed against his chest as she went to take her seat, sending an electric shock straight to her core. A startled gasp slipped past her lips. Their eyes held and, for a brief moment she saw raw desire. Then, just like that it was gone.

Devin folded his tall body in the chair. “Comfortable, Viv?”

She cut him a look. “Just peachy. How long is the dinner?”

He shrugged. “An hour or so.”

An hour. She could make it.



Devin was once again more confused than angry by the time they made it back to dinner. Something wasn’t adding up. He’d always wondered whether their breakup had to do with Vivian seeing another man, but tonight while dancing he sensed that wasn’t the case. Her expression held a mixture of sorrow and nervousness that led him to believe the truth might not be what he originally thought. Yet, even with all the unknowns, he still wanted her with a need that bordered on obsession. He wanted to take her back to his room, peel off that dress and reacquaint himself with the delights of her sexy body.

The server placed glasses of water and tea in front of them and Devin immediately drained the water. Though it was still warm out and he’d been dancing, the sweltering temperatures didn’t come close to the raging inferno inside his body.

“Devin, I’m holding you personally responsible for getting my brother to the altar on time tomorrow,” Tony’s sister, Tina said, taking a seat across the table. “So, you guys better not party all night.”

He chuckled. “Don’t worry. He’ll be there… and sober.”

Vivian leaned over and asked, “You guys are having the bachelor party tonight?”

Devin smiled inwardly at the hopeful gleam in her eyes. “Something like that.” Obviously, she figured she’d be rid of him much earlier.

“If you need to leave early, it’s fine. I hadn’t planned on staying long.”

“I don’t need to leave early. We’re not starting until later. Relax and enjoy your dinner, Viv.” He gestured to her plate with his fork, and then started on his salad. Halfway through the main course, Tony and Samantha excused themselves.

“The bride and groom are leaving, so I guess that’s our cue,” Vivian said, setting her fork on her plate of half-eaten dinner.

“They’ll be back,” he said mildly and continued to eat. “You still haven’t touched your fish and they haven’t served dessert yet.” Her face crumpled and he felt bad. Devin reached for her hand. “Look, Viv, I know there’s a lot unsettled between us. But, for tonight, let’s put all that aside and just enjoy ourselves. I already told you we won’t discuss anything until after the wedding, and you know I’m a man of my word.”

She visibly relaxed and gave him a soft smile. “I know that, Devin, and I appreciate it.”

Her smile made his insides flip. He had never been able to resist it. Somewhere in the back of his mind, a warning bell reminded him he was dangerously close to crossing the wall he’d tried to build. But at this moment, he didn’t care.





CHAPTER SIX




Devin continued to observe Vivian throughout the remainder of dinner. She had only taken a few more bites when the staff cleared their plates and placed bowls of mango mousse in front of them. A smile blossomed on Vivian’s face and a low moan escaped her lips with the first spoonful. The sound sent blood rushing straight to his groin. Her tongue darted out to lick the back of the spoon and Devin almost lost it. He shoved his chair back and stood. “I’ll be right back.” He went to stand at the edge of the courtyard and stared out at the water in the fading light.

A riot of emotions swirled in his gut. He wasn’t supposed to desire her as much as he did, but he couldn’t stop the rising feelings.

“Looks like you could use this.”

Devin turned slightly and accepted the drink from Jason. “Thanks.” He took a sip of what he recognized as Jack and Coke, and focused his attention on the waves crashing against the shore.

“I’m going to give you a bit of free advice. Sometimes second chances are worth the risk when you’re made for each other. And you two,” Jason lifted his glass in a mock salute, “are definitely made for each other. We’re still meeting in the fitness center a nine-thirty?”

“We are.”

“Good. Don’t be late. Is Tony going to be the only one working out, or do we need to plan a little something for you, too?”

Devin nearly choked on his drink. “Hardly.”

“Whatever you say, man.” Jason chuckled, clapped Devin on the shoulder and sauntered off.

He shook his head and took another sip of the drink. The workout implied that Devin would be planning to get married. And that would not be happening… yet. Sighing heavily, he went back to the table.

Vivian had struck up a conversation with one of Tony’s aunts and two other women seated at the table about her floral business. Devin was impressed by her knowledge and how much she’d accomplished in three short years. The shop had only been open four months when he and Vivian started dating. He remembered how worried she had been about failing. Not only had they survived, the floral shop was flourishing. The fact that she was here attested to their success.

Devin checked his watch. He had an hour before meeting the guys, but wanted to change and relax for a few minutes. He waited until Vivian finished her conversation, then said, “If you’re ready, we can leave.”

“I’m ready.” Vivian turned toward the ladies. “I enjoyed talking to you ladies. See you tomorrow.”

Devin helped her to her feet and said his goodbyes.

As soon as they were out of sight, she said, “I can walk back by myself. You don’t have to escort me to my room.”

“I’m walking you to your door, Vivian.” He ignored the frown on her face and followed her into and through the lobby to the elevator. They rode in silence to her floor and down the hallway. When they stopped at her door, Devin didn’t stop to analyze his actions as he covered her mouth with his in an urgent kiss. Her tongue tangled with his for a brief moment, then she stiffened and pulled away.

“What are we doing, Devin?”

He braced his arm on the wall above her head. “I don’t know. I just know that I want you.”

“We can’t do this. I can’t do this.”

His gaze dropped to her mouth, still moist from their kiss, then back up to her eyes. “You’re probably right.” He pushed off the wall. “Only problem is it’s easier said than done. Sleep well, Princess.”

“Goodnight.”

After she closed her door, he retraced his step to the elevator and went to his room. Vivian was right. What they were doing? He wished he knew. He couldn’t remember the last time he had been so wound up over a woman. Tony might not be the only one working out tonight after all. Devin needed to get rid of this sexual tension one way or another.



Vivian leaned against the door and tried to gain control of her runaway heartbeat. Dancing with Devin on the boat and sitting through dinner had tested her willpower, but that kiss had her ready to surrender to everything he offered. She was glad for Tony’s bachelor party, otherwise they would likely be in her bed right now. If he kept this up, she didn’t see how she could resist. She crossed the room, dropped down on the bed and took off her sandals. Maybe she should give in. At least she would have the memory of one more night in his arms—his gentle touch, fiery kisses and passionate lovemaking. Tears gathered in her eyes and spilled over. Now, she had twenty-four hours to find a way to tell him why she had to let him go and why they would never have a future together. Swiping at the tears, she rose and went out to the balcony. Tonight promised to be a long one.

Vivian woke up the next morning feeling as if she had been in an all-night wrestling match. Her head hurt and her eyes were sore from crying. She glanced over at the clock and breathed a sigh of relief. It was only eight and the wedding didn’t start until four. Thankfully, all the floral arrangements had been completed so she could rest a little longer. She knew Mariah would want to start preparing a couple of hours beforehand, but that still left Vivian plenty of time to get herself together. Just as she turned over to get comfortable, the phone rang. Please don’t let it be Devin. She momentarily considered letting it go to the answering service, but reluctantly picked up the receiver.

“Hello.”

“Are you up yet?” Mariah asked.

“No.”

“You sound weird. Are you okay? Is Devin there?”

“No, Mariah,” she answered and rolled her eyes.

“He’d better not be,” Mariah muttered.

“Riah, my head hurts and I just want to go back to sleep. I’ll be good to go in an hour or two.”

Mariah didn’t reply.

“Mariah?”

“I’m coming over. Open that door.”

Vivian heard a dial tone and groaned. Two minutes later, a knock sounded. She dragged herself out of bed and went to the open the door. Mariah pushed her way into the room with Dawn on her heels. “Well, good morning you, too,” Vivian said, climbing back into bed.

“I told you something happened last night, Dawn.” Mariah sat on the side of the bed and faced Vivian. “You’ve been crying. Your eyes are all puffy.”

Vivian couldn’t deny the truth. “Yesterday was really hard spending time with Devin.” She scooted against the headboard and hugged one of the extra pillows to her chest. “I thought when I saw him again, I’d be okay. That I would be over him.”

“And you’re not?” Dawn asked.

Vivian shook her head.

Mariah jumped to her feet. “After all he put you through, he comes back smiling, flirting and acting all sweet, and you’re a mess. Please, please don’t tell me you’re going to put yourself through this again.”

“Riah has a point, Viv. How many times are you going to let a man tear you apart before you say it’s enough?” Dawn asked.

Devin’s words came rushing back to Vivian along with his pained expression: They assumed I was to blame. He didn’t deserve all the heat he was taking, not when it was her fault. “Devin didn’t break my heart. I broke his,” she blurted.

Mariah and Dawn’s stunned gazes met Vivian’s guilty one. Mariah narrowed her eyes. “What did you just say?”

Vivian scraped a hand through her hair. “I ended the relationship, not Devin.”

Dawn planted her hands on her hips. “Girl, why did you tell us he broke up with you?”

“I never said anything. You just assumed he did.”

“That’s because you were crying over him for weeks,” Dawn retorted.

Mariah still stood seemingly in shock. She slowly brought her hand up to her mouth and closed her eyes. “Oh, my God. The stuff I said to him,” she whispered.

Vivian scrambled off the bed and grabbed Mariah’s shoulders. “What are you talking about?”

“I ran into Devin at the elevator and…”

“And what?” Vivian asked when Mariah trailed off, her apprehension mounting.

“And I may have said some stuff.”

She dropped her hands and paced the floor. “No, no, no.” She now knew why Devin had asked the question. She stopped in front of Mariah. “What did you say to him?”

Guilt flashed in Mariah’s face. “Well, I got in his face a bit.”

“What?”

Mariah threw up her hands. “I thought he broke my best friend’s heart, and is trying to do it again.”

“Riah, just tell me what you said,” Vivian said wearily.

“I told him I didn’t know what kind of game he was playing, I wasn’t going let him start up with you again because he realized what he’s missed and… and I wouldn’t stand by and watch him break your heart again,” she finished sheepishly.

“Hmph! Girl, you told him,” Dawn said with a laugh.

Vivian slowly lowered herself on the bed and buried her face in her hands. A good man had been ripped to shreds—and she didn’t wish the wrath of Mariah on anyone—all because Vivian was too scared to tell the truth. She felt horrible.

Mariah sat next to Vivian and draped her an arm around Vivian’s shoulder. “I’m so sorry, Viv. I just didn’t want to see you hurt again.”

She leaned against Mariah. “It’s not your fault. I should have been honest with you guys.”

“What happened? Why did you break up with him?”

Although they were her best friends, Devin deserved to hear it first. That is, if she got up the nerve to tell him. “Let’s just say my brother’s antics came back to bite me again and I realized it was for the best.”

“So, let me get this straight, you break up with a seemingly good guy for… some reason you say is ‘for the best’,” Dawn made quote marks in the air. “And he’s making a move again and you’re going to do…what?”

“Nothing.” As hard as it would be, Vivian had to let Devin go.

“Your brother has always been trouble. But you’re not going to go back to Devin, even if he wants to?” Mariah asked.

“No,” Vivian answered softly. “I can’t. I promise to tell you the whole story, but I want him to hear it first.”

Dawn folded her arms. “Is he good in bed?”

Vivian felt her cheeks warm.

Mariah whipped her head around. “Dawn.”

“What? She doesn’t want to end up with some guy who can’t bring it in the bedroom. If he can curl your toes, Viv, you might want to reconsider. And the look on your face says he can. Some other woman will be happy to snap him up, if you don’t. All that fine chocolate won’t go to waste for long.”

Mariah glared at Dawn. “This isn’t the time, Dawn.”

Dawn shrugged. “Hey, I’m just saying.” She shook her head. “I can’t wait to hear this story. It must be a doozy.”

Mariah rolled her eyes. “Viv, I don’t understand what you’re doing, especially since it’s clear you still have feelings for Devin. As your friend, I’ll stand by your decision and be here for you. And I’ll be waiting to hear the whole story.”

A tear slid down Vivian’s cheek. “Thanks, Riah. I’ll be okay.” The two women hugged.

“Don’t leave me out.” Dawn rushed over and sat on the other side of Vivian. “Group hug.”

Vivian laughed through her tears and engulfed Dawn in a hug. She didn’t know what she would do without them.

“Okay, okay, enough of this. All this emotional stuff makes me hungry,” Dawn said, hopping up from the bed.

The thought of food turned Vivian’s stomach. “You guys go ahead. I’m not that hungry. I may get something a little later.” Seeing their concerned expressions, she smiled. “Really. I’ll be fine. I promise.” It took some convincing, but Vivian finally got them to leave.

Alone again, she took a long shower. Feeling better, she ventured out to the balcony. Even though it was early, the temperatures had already started to rise and the day promised to be another warm one. She took a seat in one of the chairs and stared out at the calm blue water, wishing she felt the same way. No matter how she viewed the situation, or how many ways she played the conversation in her head, not one scenario ended without Devin hating her. Several times over the past year, she thought about taking the risk, but the fear of him finding out about her past—not to mention the thought of going to jail—always stopped her. After today it wouldn’t matter. She had to tell him.





CHAPTER SEVEN


By the time Vivian left to meet Mariah, her head had stopped hurting, but the butterflies in her belly were doing an all-out salsa.

“Oh, good. You’re here,” Mariah said as soon as Vivian entered the workroom. “Grab that basket with the purple and orange orchid blooms and the bucket of palm branches.”

She picked up everything and followed Mariah to the gazebo where the wedding ceremony would be held. With the assistance of one of the resort planners, Mariah wrapped the columns with palm branches and accentuated them with the orchid blooms. Vivian just stayed out of the way. Then end result was so beautiful it rendered her momentarily speechless. “Samantha is going to be so happy with what you’ve done. I’d venture to say we’re going to be even busier once the word gets out about this wedding. You really outdid yourself this time, Riah.”

Mariah placed her hands on her hips and surveyed her work. “I think you might be right. Maybe we’ll get lucky and land another trip here.”

Vivian laughed. “Now, that would be great. I took pictures of all the pieces we did yesterday to add to the portfolio.” She took out her phone and snapped several pictures of the decorated gazebo. “I’m going to create a destination wedding display poster to place in the window. We’ll have to come up with some prices to go with it, just in case we have any inquiries.”

Mariah smiled. “Now, that’s the Vivian Michaels I know.” She glanced down at her watch. “We have an hour until the ceremony starts. The wedding party should be in their respective holding rooms by now. We can get everybody pinned pretty quickly then I’ll come back out here to make any last minute adjustments if I need to. Will you help me get the reception area set up? We can leave near the end of the ceremony. They’ll still have to take pictures, so that’ll give us plenty of time.”

“Of course, I’ll help. All I have to do is place them on the tables—piece of cake.” They went back to the workroom, loaded everything onto a cart, and then met the wedding party, starting with the ladies. While Mariah handled the bouquets, Vivian pinned corsages on the mothers and grandmothers.

“Viv, I’m going to get started with the guys.”

“Okay.” Vivian breathed a sigh of relief. She wouldn’t have to see Devin just yet. However, her relief was short-lived when Mariah came back a minute later.

“I hate to do this to you, but the wedding coordinator needs me. You’re going to have to handle the guys.” Mariah must have seen the panic on Vivian’s face because she said, “I can call up to the room and have Dawn come down to do it if you’re going to be uncomfortable.”

“No, that’s okay. I can do it.” She’d done this a hundred times. The other guys would be there and she could be in and out quickly.

“Are you sure? I know—”

Vivian waved her off. “I’m sure. You go. I’ll be fine.”

Mariah viewed her skeptically for a brief moment then nodded. “I’ll see you in a few.” She gave Vivian a quick hug and was gone.

Vivian gathered the boutonnieres and her courage, and went in search of the men. She heard raucous male laughter before she rounded the corner. All eyes turned her way when she entered the room. “Hi, guys. Let’s get these flowers on and you can be on your way.” She scanned the room quickly in search of Devin, but didn’t see him. She had planned to get his done and over with first. Then there would be no way for them to talk. “Looks like you’re missing a couple of people, including the groom.”

“Tony and Devin stepped out for a minute,” one of the groomsmen offered, coming to stand in front of her.

Having no other choice than to get started, Vivian set down the basket, picked up the first boutonniere and pinned it to his vest. Tony and Devin returned just as she finished the last one.

“Hi, Vivian,” Tony said, grinning. “Have you seen Samantha?”

She smiled and pinned his flower on. “Yes, and she looks beautiful.”

“I have no doubts about that. I’m ready to do this.” Tony rubbed his hands together and walked over to where the group of men had gathered.

That left only Devin. He came and stood in front of her, their bodies so close she could feel the heat emanating from his big body. The clean, masculine scent of his cologne drifted across her nose and she resisted the urge to bury her face in his chest. Vivian took a step back. He didn’t say a word, but the way he stared at her had her heart beating double time and her hands shaking. It took three attempts to pin the flower. “Okay. You’re all done.” She turned to walk away and he placed a staying hand on her arm.

“I’ll see you later, Viv. We’ll talk after the reception.” His tone brokered no argument and she no longer had the willpower to fight the inevitable. He pivoted on his heel and left her standing there.

Vivian released a weary sigh and exited the room. The guests had already started to arrive by the time she made it to the gazebo.

“How did it go?”

She spun around at the sound of Mariah’s voice. “Okay.”

“Did you guys talk?”

She shook her head. “He says he wants to talk after the reception.” She wrapped her arms around her middle. “I’m not really looking forward to that conversation.”

Mariah lifted a brow. “Is there something you’re not telling?”

The music began, preempting any reply Vivian had. She and Mariah sat on the last row near the exit.

“They look great don’t they?”

She nodded. The groomsmen wore white pants and vests with purple shirts and ties that matched the bridesmaids one-shoulder floor length gowns. Instead of the purple, Tony wore a white shirt and tie, the only splash of color being supplied by the purple Calla lily. Samantha looked stunning in a white strapless A-line gown with layers of lace and beaded floral appliques, asymmetrical ruched bodice and a deep sweetheart neckline. She wore her hair in a curly up-do with bangs and a jeweled barrette.

As stunning as Samantha looked, Vivian couldn’t take her eyes off Devin. He stood several inches taller than the other groomsmen and looked so good in his formal wear. She could imagine him standing there as the groom ready to take his vows. The thought caused a pain in her heart. Tears welled in her eyes. He turned her way and their eyes met. His brows knit slightly in concern and she quickly dropped her head. Vivian discreetly swiped at the tears and composed herself.

When she lifted her head, Devin’s eyes were waiting. Vivian shifted her gaze and tried to focus on the bride and groom.

“Let’s go,” Mariah whispered.

They quietly left the area, but she couldn’t resist one more glance at Devin. Their gazes connected once more and a twinge of sadness hit her. She wished she could experience the same kind of joy she felt between the bride and groom, but knew it would never happen.



Devin groaned inwardly. They had been taking pictures after the ceremony for the last half hour and he needed to find Vivian. When he saw her tears, it took all he had to stand in his position and not rush down the aisle to her side. He’d felt something when their eyes connected and, as much as he wanted to remain emotionally distant, he couldn’t. He was fighting a losing battle. Focusing on the photographer again, he smiled on command while the man clicked away, though his inner turmoil increased.

Finally the photographer released them to the reception. Devin spotted Vivian as soon as he walked into the private garden area and strode over to where she stood. He gently took her arm, ignoring her startled gasp, and led her to a secluded corner.

“Devin, what are you doing?” Vivian whispered, glancing over her shoulder apparently looking to see if anyone noticed.

“You were crying earlier. What happened?”

She shook her head. “Nothing. The ceremony was beautiful and I got a little emotional, that’s all. It’s not unusual for people to cry at weddings, you know.”

“Yeah, I know. But, I think there’s more to it.” Her eyes widened for a split second before she schooled her features. “You forget I know you, Viv. Sweetheart, I know you almost better than you know yourself. And no amount of time can erase that.”

“You’re reading too much into this. There’s nothing wrong. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to get back to work before the rest of the guests arrive.” She whirled around and walked off before he could reply.

Devin let her go. They had plenty of time to continue their conversation. During the dinner, she made sure to sit as far away from him as she could. He kept up a steady stream of small talk, but his gaze never strayed far from Vivian.

“I think it’s time for us to give the toast, Devin.”

He went still when Lora leaned down and pressed her breasts against his shoulder while whispering seductively in his ear. He glanced over to see the amused expressions on Tony and Jason’s faces. Devin shot them a dark look, rose to his feet and tapped his fork against his glass until the guests quieted, then gestured for Lora to go first. The DJ supplied a microphone and she offered her toast. She passed the microphone to Devin when she finished. He did presentations all the time at his job and had no problems with doing them, but this was different. He had been trying to figure out something to say ever since Tony asked him to be his best man and, six months later, Devin still hadn’t written one word. Now, he would do what he did best with his back against the wall—wing it.

“I’ve known Tony for twenty years and he’s been like a brother, not like I needed another one.” He paused to wait for the laughter to subside. “And over the years, he’s proven to be the best friend a man can have. When Tony first met Samantha, I knew there was something special happening between them. He couldn’t complete a sentence without mentioning her name. They’ve been together for almost two years and I can’t think of a couple more perfect for each other. She brings out the best in him. So thank you, Sam, for making my best friend a better man and husband. I know he’ll cherish you every day.” The guests laughed again when Tony threw up his hands and Sam leaned over and kissed him. “In closing, I’d just like to say that marriage is less about finding someone you can live with and more about finding that one you can’t live without.” Devin lifted his glass. “Family and friends, I ask you to raise your glasses in a toast to Tony and Samantha Baldwin. I wish you a lifetime of love and happiness. May God bless you both.” Devin sat amid thunderous applause.

A short time later, the music started. Tony and Samantha shared their first dance followed by their parents, grandparents and wedding party. Devin completed the obligatory dances then went straight for Vivian. He coaxed her out onto the dance floor and she hesitated a moment before starting a subtle sway of her hips. Soon, they were both caught up in the music. Her slow, but seductive movements spiked his arousal and sent desire flowing through his veins. She smiled up at him and he nearly came unglued.

He didn’t really want to end their dance, but if they stayed there one more minute, he’d be tempted to strip her naked and have his way with her, here and now. Devin reached for Vivian’s hand. “Let’s get something to drink.”

She fanned herself. “Whew. I haven’t danced like that in ages. I forgot how much I enjoyed being on the floor.”

“So had I. With the right partner, that is.” Their eyes held and they shared a smile. Devin’s vow went right out the window. He had missed being with her. They took their drinks, sat an empty table and sipped while watching the others dance.

“Tony and Sam are in their own world.”

He followed her gaze to the newlyweds in the middle of the dance floor. Tony’s forehead rested against Samantha’s and their bodies barely swayed, seemingly oblivious to their surroundings. “As it should be.”

“I didn’t know they listened to R&B here,” Vivian said, tapping her foot to the beat of a popular song from the states.

“I’m sure they listen to a variety of music, just like we do. But, Tony and Sam gave the DJ some of their favorites.” They lapsed into companionable silence. Moments later, the new Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin thanked everyone and departed to start their honeymoon.

“Your toast was really beautiful, Devin,” Vivian said after several minutes. “How long did it take you to write it?”

“Thanks. And I didn’t write it. I made it up as I went,” Devin added with a chuckle.

“Really? That makes it even more special.” She lowered her head and stared into her glass.

“Are you having a good time? You and Mariah did an amazing job with the flowers.”

“All I did was a few boutonnieres and corsages. Mariah did all the real work and I am having a good time. I never really imagined we’d have this kind of opportunity, especially since our shop is still so new.”

“I remember how afraid you were of going under and me telling you not to worry.”

“Yeah,” she said softly. “You did.”

He lifted her hand and placed a kiss on the back. “I’m proud of you, Princess.”

“Thank you, Devin. It means a lot coming from you.”

Devin recognized the song playing, set their glasses on the table, stood and reached out his hand.

“Is this Monte’s song, Just To Be With You?”

“Yes, that’s the song. Dance with me.” She placed her hand in his, he led her back out to the dance floor and pulled her into his arms. Her soft curves molded against his body and he relished the feeling.

“Do you remember the first time we heard this song?”

“Yes. At Monte’s concert when he proposed to your sister. He said she inspired him.”

And, that night, Vivian had inspired Devin. It was the night he realized he had fallen in love with her. He felt a faint stirring in his heart, and he closed his eyes to try and force the feeling away.

“I really like this song.”

Devin hummed along then sang the chorus in her ear. “I want to touch you and tease you, kiss you and please you…” His hand slid down her back and skimmed her hip.

She gasped sharply and her body trembled. “Devin.”

Her hands roamed over his chest and the contact electrified him. He had to have her. “I want you, baby,” he murmured close to her ear. When she lifted her head, her lips were so close he only had to lean forward a fraction. He caught himself just before their mouths touched. One, this was his best friend’s wedding day and, two, Devin didn’t trust himself to stop kissing her once he got started.

“I don’t know if we should.”

“Do you remember how it was with us? We were good together.”

“Yes, we were, but—”

“One night, Princess.”

She reached up and stroked the side of his face. Then she nodded and he heard her soft sigh of surrender. “One night, Devin.”

At her words, his heart started a pounding rhythm reminiscent of the pulsing Caribbean beat now playing. Devin wanted to leave this moment, but he had to stay until the end. They continued to dance in silence. Thirty minutes never seemed so long.





CHAPTER EIGHT


What in the world did I just agree to? Vivian tried to focus on moving her feet to the beat, but Devin had her body so on fire she would be doing well just to keep standing. There was no way she should have agreed to sleep with him tonight, but, heaven help her, she wanted him, too. Had never stopped wanting him. Or loving him. He swung her out and brought her back flush against his rock solid body and the hard ridge of his erection pressed against her belly. Sleeping with him would only complicate matters and prolong the inevitable. She still had time to change her mind. But, the silent message his body communicated to hers made it impossible to think clearly, or rationally.

One of the groomsmen whispered something to Devin. He nodded and led her off the dance floor. “I need to wrap up a few things, then we can leave.”

“Okay.” He gave her that patented smile—the one that always made her knees weak—and strode off behind the man.

“Looks like things are heating up with you and Devin,” Mariah said, coming up behind her with Dawn trailing. “Maybe it’s fate that you two ended up here together, giving you both a second chance.”

“There won’t be a true second chance,” Vivian said resignedly.

Dawn chuckled. “If you don’t want him, I’ll be more than happy to take him off you hands.”

Vivian glared at her. “Seriously, Dawn?”

“Don’t start, Dawn,” Mariah warned.

“Hey, good men are hard to come by. You need to think about that, Viv,” Dawn said pointedly.

“Let it go, Dawn, please.”

“Well, someone should point out the obvious. I’m leaving.”

“I’ll see you later.” Vivian watched until Dawn disappeared and rubbed her temples. “I can’t believe I had to have this conversation with her again.”

“Neither can I. I’m exhausted, so I think I’m going to call it a night,” Mariah said. “Good luck with Devin.”

“Thanks.” Vivian watched her leave then saw Devin approaching and met him halfway.

“What’s the matter, baby?” he asked, resting his hands on shoulders. “Did you change your mind?”

He had just given her the perfect opportunity, yet only one word came out of her mouth. “No.”

“The party’s winding down, so we can go.”

When they walked out of the garden and onto the beach, the sun had begun to set and the streaks of purple, red and orange over the water stopped Vivian in her tracks. “Wow. It’s magnificent. I can’t get over the sunsets here. Each one seems more amazing than before.” Devin pulled her to stand in front of him and wrapped his arms around her middle. She nestled against his chest and covered his hands with hers. They stood in companionable silence until the sun dipped below the horizon. She closed her eyes and reveled in the feeling of him surrounding her. Simple things like this were what she missed most. Her eyes snapped open and her breath caught when Devin’s hands began to roam across her belly, over her hips and down her thighs. He turned her around and captured her mouth in a long, drugging kiss. His tongue made sweeping, swirling motions in her mouth and a whirlwind of emotions raced through her. Vivian moaned and wound her arms around his neck, not wanting him stop. His thumbs brushed across her nipples through her dress, sending an electric charge directly to her core.

Devin broke off the kiss abruptly. “Unless you want to find yourself naked on this beach, we need to leave now.” He grabbed her hand and didn’t say another word until they reached his room.

As soon as he closed the door, his mouth came down on hers, hot and hungry. Her small purse dropped to the floor and she grabbed the back of his head and held him in place. He didn’t even bother turning on the lights. The moonlight streaming through the open balcony door was more than enough.

He caressed her face. “I told myself I would go slow, take my time and savor each moment. And I will. Later. Right now I need to be inside of you.” He unfastened the clasp on her halter dress and let the material fell away, leaving her clad in a black lace strapless bra and matching bikini panties.

Her heart pounded in anticipation. He knelt down and helped her step out of the dress. His hand skimmed up her thigh to the waistband of her matching bikini panties. Vivian sucked in a sharp breath.

“You’re more beautiful than I remember,” he said.

Devin stood, undid his vest, shirt and tie, then removed and tossed them on the chair. She couldn’t take her eyes off his well-defined chest and abs. He obviously still worked out regularly. Her gaze followed as he undid his pants and stepped out of them. His erection strained against the dark gray boxer briefs and her hands itched to touch him. He swept her into his arms and carried her to the bed. Vivian felt more nervous tonight than she had on their first night together. With a flick of his wrist, he undid her bra. He massaged her aching breasts and dropped his head to take one pebbled nipple in his mouth, causing her to cry out.

“Lay back and ease up, Princess,” Devin said against her lips.

She complied, her breathing unsteady. He hooked his thumbs in the waistband of her panties and slowly dragged them down and off, then stood to rid himself of his underwear. Her eyes were glued to his muscular backside as he dug around in his bag and took out condoms. When he faced her, Vivian’s core pulsed at the sight of his thick shaft jutting out from a patch of dark hair. He sheathed himself then climbed back onto the bed, kissing his way back up her body and following with his hand. Everywhere he touched her sent a flurry of sensations whipping through her. She’d spent the last year and a half dreaming about him, wanting and needing to feel him again. She loved the weight of him on top of her and wrapped her arms around his broad back. “Devin, make love to me.”

Before she finished her sentence, his mouth locked on hers while his hand snaked between them and found her wet center. Devin left her mouth and trailed kisses down her neck while his skillful fingers continued their magic between her legs. Vivian’s head dropped back and her eyelids slid closed. “Yesss,” she moaned.

“You’re so tight, baby,” Devin murmured.

She couldn’t answer because, without warning, an orgasm rocketed her body. She arched against his hand and let out a keening cry. She had barely recovered when he rose above her and eased his hard shaft inside until he was buried deep.

Devin held still, threw back his head and groaned. “Damn, Viv. It feels so good to be inside you again.” Then he came up to a high kneel, hooked his arms behind her knees, withdrew to the tip and pushed all the way back in. “Open your eyes, Princess. I want you to watch me make love to you.”

Vivian’s gazed drifted downward to where his long, dark shaft slid in and out of her and it aroused her further. She lifted her hips to meet each deep thrust and urged him faster. He angled her body higher and pumped harder and deeper, setting her whole being on fire. A second orgasm started low in her belly, and her inner muscles grew tighter and tighter until she erupted again, the force of which was so strong she thought she might pass out.

Devin lowered her legs, reached down, cradled the back of her head and brought her in for a spine-tingling kiss. Devin tore his mouth away, buried his head in her neck and drove faster, plunging harder until he exploded, letting out a low moan. He collapsed on her and she ran her hand idly down his sweat-slicked back as their ragged breathing returned to normal.

At length, he reversed their positions and gathered her in his embrace. Vivian rested her cheek on his chest. I wish it could be like this always. She squeezed her eyes shut to keep the tears from falling. A soft sigh escaped her lips.

Devin tilted her chin up. “You okay, baby?”

She attempted a smile and reached up to stroke his face. “I’m fine.” But she wasn’t fine. Her heart was breaking all over again with the knowledge that this would be their last time together. She clutched him tighter and prayed he’d understand.



Devin awakened some time later and carefully shifted a still sleeping Vivian off him. He rolled to his side, swung his long legs over the side of the bed and went to the bathroom to discard the condom. She was awake and leaning on her elbow when he returned. “Hey, sleepyhead. I thought we might shower together.”

“Hey, yourself.” She flipped the covers back, rose from the bed and sauntered toward him and smiled. She came up on tiptoe, wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down for a scorching kiss. “Sounds good to me.”

Just like that, he was aroused again. “On second thought, the shower can wait. I want you, again.” Devin wanted her so badly it hurt. He reached for another condom and quickly sheathed his engorged manhood. Devin placed his hands on her waist and lifted Vivian into his arms. “Wrap your legs around me, sweetheart.” Too far gone to be gentle, he planted his feet drove into her with one firm thrust, setting a hard, pounding rhythm. Her breasts bounced up and down as she gripped his shoulders and moaned loudly. He grabbed her buttocks and spread her wider, allowing him deeper access.

He carried her to the nearest wall and their moans grew louder as he tried to slow down to prolong their pleasure. Devin crushed his mouth against hers and changed the rhythm. He rotated his hips and ground against her in slow insistent circles while lowering his head to take one dark nipple between his teeth and sucked gently. Her breath quickened. He straightened and kissed her slowly, seductively. She hungrily responded and matched him stroke for stroke, fueling his passions. He groaned, increased the pace and reached between their bodies to stroke her clit. She shivered against him and called his name, the sound making him even harder, if that were possible. Her thighs began to shake and he increased the pressure on her clit. She screamed his name and convulsed all around him. Her feminine muscles clenched him so tight it nearly stole his breath. Moments later, a raw expletive tore from his throat as the most intense orgasm he’d ever experienced shot through him with a force that rocked him to his soul.

It was several minutes before he attempted to move. His legs still trembled and his heart thumped erratically in his chest. She rested her forehead against his and sighed, a smile curving her beautiful lips. Devin slowly withdrew from her body, carried her to the bathroom and turned on the shower. “Shower, sleep, then I plan to taste every inch of this sexy body.”

“Only if I get to return the favor,” Vivian replied, brushing her body against his.

“Keep that up and you’ll find your back against the wall again.”

She trailed her finger over the tattoo on his chest. “You don’t hear me complaining.”

A flash of memories crossed his mind. He adjusted the water temperature, gestured her in and entered behind her. He picked up the washcloth, added some of the shower gel provided by the hotel and gently washed her. When he was done, she returned the favor. He dried them off with a fluffy bath sheet and then led her back to the bedroom. Devin snuggled behind her and draped his arm around her waist. He kissed the top of her head, closed his eyes and drifted off.

In the wee hours of the morning, Devin had kissed her awake and, true to his word, started at her feet and licked and kissed every part of her body. The sound of her coming apart against his tongue had to be the sweetest thing he’d ever heard. Just the thought made him hard all over again. Once she recovered, she had flipped him on his back and reciprocated until they both passed out from exhaustion. And, despite only sleeping for a couple of hours, he felt more relaxed than he had in a long time.

He glanced over at the clock then to her, still asleep. They had worn each other out. The sun was high in the sky now and the overnight breeze had dissipated. The only sound in the room was the low whirling from the ceiling fan, and Devin used the moment to think. The faint stirrings in his heart had increased each time they made love, and now that they had reconnected, he wasn’t sure about what he wanted. Last night, she had been tight and, when he questioned her, she confessed that she hadn’t been with another man since they broke up, which confused him even more. He searched his mind for anything that might have contributed to the demise of the relationship and came up blank. He sighed heavily and closed his eyes again, but opened them again when he felt Vivian’s feather-like touch moving across his chest. He tilted his head in her direction and smiled. “Good morning, Princess.”

“Mmm, it is a good morning. The best I’ve had in a long time.”

Devin’s heart leapt with her confession. “Me, too.” He gave her a quick peck on the lips. “Did you sleep well?”

She chuckled. “If you’re talking about that two-hour nap, then yes. I’m starving, though.”

He laughed. “We worked up quite an appetite last night. No worries, we can order room service.”

“As good as that sounds, I think we’d better get out of this room.”

“You’re right because if we stay here I won’t be eating food. How about we have breakfast at the beachside restaurant instead?”

Vivian arched an eyebrow. “You mean lunch? Devin, it’s almost eleven and I need to go back to my room to change clothes.”

“Yeah, you have a point.”

“Give me half an hour and I’ll meet you there.”

“Let’s make it an hour and a half. We need some time to recover.”

She laughed. “Sounds like a plan.”

She scooted off the bed and went to the bathroom. He followed the sweet sway of her naked backside until she was out of sight. He sat up against the headboard and draped the sheet across his lower body. Minutes later, she returned and dressed. Devin’s lower body stirred again. After making love two times last night and once this morning, he should be satisfied. But he hadn’t gotten nearly enough of her. And probably never would. She bent to pick up the contents of her purse that had spilled last night then kissed him lightly.

“See you in a little while.”

He waited until she closed the door then got up and headed for the shower. He bowed his head under the warm spray and closed his eyes. As hard as he tried to push the emotions down, they kept resurfacing until he could no longer deny that he still loved her. He prayed that they could work through whatever she had to tell him. He finished washing up and brushed his teeth. Wrapping a towel around his waist, Devin padded to the bedroom for his clothes. He opened one drawer and pulled out underwear, then selected a pair of shorts and tank from another one. He reached for the towel and a soft knock sounded. He smiled, thinking Vivian had changed her mind about room service.

His smile was replaced by shock when he opened the door. “Dawn? What are you doing here?’

Dawn pulled the tie on her dress and it fell away, revealing the fact that she wore nothing underneath except a red thong. “I was looking for a little island fun. What about you?”

What the hell? “Since when did women go after their best friend’s ex?”

“Since that best friend ended the relationship and not the other way around. And she said there was no chance of you two getting back together.” She ran her hand across his chest. “I must say you look even better without your clothes.”

Angry, Devin removed her hand and stepped back. He had forgotten all about his current state of undress. “Whether Vivian and I get back together doesn’t matter. You and I won’t be happening. Now or ever. Now, you need to leave.”

She gave him a coy smile. “Whatever. Your loss.”

He shook his head, closed the door and paced the floor for several minutes. The more he thought about it, the angrier he got. She’d been flirting with him from the first and he made sure he did nothing to encourage it, but he never figured she would betray a friendship for some island fun as she put it. He wondered if Vivian knew she had a snake in her garden. Shaking his head again, he went to get dressed.





CHAPTER NINE


Vivian left Devin’s room late Saturday morning still smiling. Although tired and sore, she wouldn’t change one moment of last night. Her room was located in another building and she hoped she didn’t run into anyone from the wedding because everyone would know why she still had on the same dress. With any luck, they’d all be sleeping in or up and already out. Her mind went back to Devin. She loved him so much it pained her to think of some other woman kissing him, making love with him. But time had run out. She had to tell him about her family and what her brother had done.

She successfully made it to her building without encountering any familiar faces and rode the elevator to her floor. As she walked down the hall, Vivian opened her purse to get her room key. “Oh, no. Great,” she muttered, not finding it. It must have been one of the things that had fallen out. She took the few steps to Mariah and Dawn’s room and lifted her hand to knock, but changed her mind. She didn’t want them to know she had slept with Devin, especially since she had just told them last night there was no chance of them getting back together. Now, she would have to endure the dreaded “walk of shame” back and pray her luck held.

Vivian got off the elevator on his floor and froze when she rounded the corner. She quickly backed out of sight and viewed the scene in front of her. What was Dawn doing in Devin’s room with her hand on his chest? Vivian recognized the sleeveless wrap dress as one Dawn had bought when the three friends had gone shopping for the trip. She also realized by the way it drooped that the dress hung open. And why was Devin wearing only a towel? Tears blurred her eyes as she hurried back to the elevator. It never occurred to Vivian that Dawn had been serious. She just figured it was Dawn’s way of trying to get Vivian to see what she would be missing if she gave up on Devin. Now she knew the truth.

Vivian made it all the way back and hit the elevator button before realizing she still didn’t have a key to her room. She went to the front desk and told them she’d left her key in the room. The woman graciously gave her another key. Vivian thanked the woman and retraced her steps. She almost made it to her room without the tears falling, but the tears started before she could clear the elevator doors on her floor. At this point, she didn’t care if anyone saw her as she rushed down the hallway. She was crying so hard she could barely see.

“Oh, my goodness! Viv, what happened?” Mariah came out of her room as Vivian passed and grabbed Vivian’s arm.

“I… he…” The words got lost as she sobbed uncontrollably. She tried to unlock her door, but it wouldn’t open, causing her to cry even harder.

Mariah eased the key from Vivian’s hand. “Let me do it, sweetie.” She opened the door, wrapped her arm around Vivian’s shoulder and led her over to the bed. “What happened?”

It took two tries before Vivian could compose herself enough to tell Mariah what she had seen. “I spent the night with Devin and—”

“You what? Didn’t you say you two weren’t getting back together? I thought you were supposed to tell him why you broke up with him.”

“I know, I know. I was, but after the boat, the dancing…and the kiss, it just sort of happened.”

“That’s wonderful, if that’s what you wanted. But that doesn’t explain why you’re crying your eyes out.”

Vivian squeezed her eyes shut to try to block out the image of Devin and Dawn seared on her brain. “We were supposed to meet for lunch later and I came back to shower and change, but when I got here, I realized my room key fell out of my purse and I went back to get it. When I got there…” The tears started again. “When I got there, Devin was standing in the door wearing nothing but a towel and…” She trailed off again, not wanting to say the words.

“And what,” Mariah coaxed.

“And Dawn was there in the doorway with her dress open and her hand all over him,” Vivian finished on a broken sob.

“What?” Mariah fairly shouted, jumping to her feet. “Please don’t tell me you said what I think you did.”

She swiped at the tears that continued to fall and nodded.

Mariah clapped a hand over her mouth and stared with disbelief. “I don’t believe this,” she muttered over and over. “I know she’s a big flirt, but I never thought she’d go this far. I just assumed she was trying to push you toward Devin.”

“You and me, both. Boy was I wrong.” She threw up her hands. “How could she do this to me? Especially since she knows how I still feel about him. So, what… is she going to keep making passes at him behind my back then smiling in my face?”

Mariah’s expression continued to mirror shock. She slowly lowered herself back to the bed next to Vivian and said, “I don’t know.”

“She was supposed to be my best friend.”

“Mine, too. But I can’t be friends with someone who would do this.”

Vivian and Mariah shared a look and knew that Dawn had crossed a line that had done irreparable damage to their friendship. Tears filled Mariah’s eyes and they both cried, mourning the loss. Half an hour later, they were both cried out.

“What are you going to do about Devin?”

Vivian shrugged. “There’s nothing to do, now. I had planned to talk to him over lunch and hoped he understand and, maybe see if we could work things out because I never stopped loving him. But now, it doesn’t matter.”

“Vivian what really happened between you two?”

She took a deep breath. “You know my family history is not something I’m proud of, Riah. That’s why I never talk about them, or bring you around them.” Her father had served two years for burglary during Vivian’s teen years and was now two years into a twenty-year sentence for armed robbery. Her mother was so devastated she couldn’t seem to shake the depression, and her older brother was determined to follow in their father’s footsteps. “I didn’t want to draw anyone into this craziness, especially Devin. His architectural career was taking off and I couldn’t take the chance of some of my drama splashing over and ruining things. But, remember when I told you my brother was going down the same path? Well, I found out he and his friends were breaking into houses of people we knew… including Devin’s.”

Mariah gasped sharply. “What? Oh. My. God.”

“I was over to my mom’s house one day, went out to the garage and walked in on him and two of his buddies stacking all kinds of things.”

“How did you know some of it was Devin’s?”

“He had an African mask in his hand and I remembered seeing it at Devin’s house. I knew it was his because I really liked it and there’s no way my brother could afford something like that with no job. It had pieces of jade, onyx, opal and a couple of other semi-precious jewels inlaid. Do you have any idea how angry I was?”

“I can’t even imagine. I probably would have kicked his butt.”

“Believe me, I wanted to do that and more.”

“But that still doesn’t have anything to do with you.”

“I found out about it three weeks after the fact.”

“Three weeks? Oh. Well, yeah, I can see how that would be a problem,” Mariah added when Vivian nodded. “Why didn’t you just tell Devin instead of breaking it off?”

“I wanted to, and even told my brother I was going to call the police. But he said if he went down I would, too. He said he’d tell the police I was an accomplice.”

“So, he’s been holding this over your head for the last two years?”

“Yes. He found out about Devin taking me to Monte’s concert on a private plane and started asking about where he lived, what kinds of things he had in his house and about Devin’s sister’s house. I told him Devin broke up with me and I didn’t have any of that information. He’d even bragged about breaking into the house of the guy I went to senior prom with, too.”

“How did he find out where Devin’s lived?”

“According to Greg, he followed Devin and I back to Devin’s place when we were leaving the movies at the Great Mall one night.”

“I am so sorry. I can’t even imagine how hard that must have been for you.”

“You don’t know the half of it. Every time I thought about going to the police, I remembered that threat and I just couldn’t do it.”

“You should have told Devin anyway.”

“Maybe, but we’re talking jail. I did get a small measure of revenge on my brother, though. I waited until he and his friends left and took the mask. It was in a box with a couple of other things, including an antique wedding ring. I also found the painting his sister had given him. Greg had a lot of explaining to do to his friends when those items came up missing. They all accused each other, but never figured I had done it.”

“What did you do with Devin’s stuff?”

“About two months after we broke up, I made an anonymous call to the police. Then I told my brother if he kept stealing, I was going to the police, threat or no threat. He’d already taken enough from me and I had nothing to lose.”

“Girl, you took a big risk telling your foolish brother that. What if he called your bluff?”

She rubbed her temples. “It was a chance I had to take. I couldn’t let him keep taking from people without doing something. It’s bad enough that I have to live with knowing it.”

Mariah laid a hand on Vivian’s arm. “Sweetie, that was a big sacrifice and I think Devin would have understood if you had talked to him. I know he cared about you.”

Vivian stood. “Like I said, it doesn’t matter now. I need to take a shower. I was supposed to meet Devin in an hour, but I’m not going. I think I’ll just lay down.”

“Can I stay in here tonight? Dawn probably won’t be able to get another room today, but I can’t spend one more moment of my vacation sleeping in the same room with her, knowing what she did.”

“Of course. Just take the key.”

“Okay.” Mariah stood and hugged Vivian tightly. “I’m sorry everything turned out so rotten. We still have a few days. Maybe we can salvage what’s left.”

She gave Mariah a sad smile. “I hope so. Thanks, Mariah. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”

“Same here. You’re like the sister I never had. If you want, we can order in and eat on the balcony. I’ll even let you order a real drink. You’ve earned it and it’s noon. Hell, I think I might need one, too. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”

She laughed. “Okay.”

Shortly after, Vivian stood under the warm spray, washing away all traces of her time with Devin. Too bad she couldn’t do the same with the emotions imprinted on her heart. Once again, the tears fell. Instead of trying to stop them, this time she let them come. She leaned against the shower wall and cried until spent. By the time she emerged, Mariah was back and seated in one of the chairs on the balcony.

“I thought I was going to have to come in there and get you,” Mariah said when she glanced into the room and saw Vivian. “You going to be okay?”

Vivian took the chair opposite Mariah and inhaled deeply. “Eventually.” But she wasn’t sure of anything right now.



Devin waited near the restaurant entrance at the scheduled time and scanned the area for Vivian. He checked his watch again for the third time, noting she was five minutes late. He wanted to finally have “that conversation” and try to convince her to give their relationship another chance.

“Well, well. I didn’t expect to see you anytime today,” Jason said, coming up the step.

He folded his arms. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

“We saw the way you lit out of the reception last night with your girl. But I also noticed her friend making a play for you, along with three other guys. If you don’t plan to get with her, you’d better watch out. I figured we’d have to flip a coin to see who had the better evening between you and Tony. So, who was the lucky girl?”

“Who do you think?”

“I knew you were a smart man.”

“But Dawn showed up at my room earlier and I had to shut her down.”

Jason’s eyebrows shot up. “She stepped to you like that, knowing you and Vivian’s history? I knew that chick was a little wild, but damn.”

Devin nodded. “I was pissed, but she acted like it was no big deal.”

“Do you plan to tell Vivian?”

“I don’t know. I’m leaning toward no because it would devastate her.”

“Sounds like you two are getting back together.”

“We still need to talk, but…” He let the sentence hang. Devin frowned and glanced down at his watch.

“You need to be somewhere?”

“No. I’m supposed to be meeting Vivian, but she’s late. I think I’ll go up to her room and check on her.” Maybe she had fallen asleep.

“If you’re interested, a group of us are planning to do some sightseeing tomorrow. I’ll leave you a message with the times.”

“Thanks. I’ll catch up with you later.” Devin took determined strides to Vivian’s room. He knocked several times before Mariah opened the door. “Oh, hey Mariah. I’m looking for Vivian.”

Her expression went from pleasant to indignant in a flash. “What do you want?” she asked coldly.

“Is there a problem?” She had come to him and apologized yesterday and now they were back to square one.

“Vivian doesn’t want to see you.”

“What? Why? Where is she?” He attempted to get into the room, but Mariah blocked his path.

“You’re not coming in here.”

“The hell I’m not. When she left me two hours ago, she was fine. Now, all of a sudden she doesn’t want to see me.” Their voices were steadily rising.

“If you don’t leave, I’m calling hotel security,” Mariah snapped.

“I don’t give a damn who you call. I’m not leaving until I talk to Vivian. You can either let me in or I’ll pick you up and go through you. Makes no difference to me.”

“Stop it! Both of you!” Vivian appeared in the doorway rubbing her temples. “Everybody on this floor can hear you. I’ll handle it, Riah.”

“He—” Mariah started.

“Mariah, I said I’ll handle it,” Vivian gritted out. Her tone softened. “Just let me take care of it, okay?”

Mariah glared at Devin once more. “Fine.” She stalked off.

Vivian blew out a long breath.

Devin scrutinized Vivian’s face and frowned. She had been crying. “What’s wrong? Can I come in?”

She stared at him a lengthy minute then opened the door wider and stepped back for him to enter.

Mariah sat in the desk chair glowering at him.

“Let’s go out on the balcony and talk,” Vivian said, leaving him to follow. She closed the door behind them and went to stand at the rail facing the water.

“All right, Vivian, what the hell is going on? We’re supposed to meet. You don’t show and I come up here and find out you don’t want to see me. What happened between the time you left me two hours ago and now?”

“Dawn happened.”

Devin ran a hand over his face. “I take it you saw her outside my door earlier.”

“Obviously you weren’t so tired that you couldn’t sneak in a quickie with my best friend.”

“Come off it, Vivian. You know me better. I would never disrespect you like that.”

Vivian chuckled bitterly. “So, you’re going to stand here and tell me that I didn’t see Dawn at your door with her dress wide open and you wearing nothing but a towel?”

“No,” he said, scrubbing a hand down his face. “She showed up about five minutes after you left. I had just finished showering and thought you were at the door. Believe me, I was just as surprised as you were. Yes, she tried coming on to me, but I shut her down cold and sent her packing. I don’t know what you saw, but that’s what happened.”

“Riiight. You expect me to believe nothing happened.” Vivian pointed her finger in his face. “I saw her hand on your bare chest.”

Devin smoothly brushed her finger aside. “For about one second before I stopped her. If you don’t believe me, we can find her and ask. And I dare her to lie.” He took a step closer to her and reached for her hand. “Sweetheart, you know me. You know me. We were together for eight months. In all that time, did you ever see me so much as glance at another woman?” She gently pulled away from his grasp and turned back to face the water. He took comfort in the fact that she didn’t snatch her hand away.

“No,” she answered in a barely audible voice.

He closed the distance between them and gathered her in his embrace. She held her body stiffly. “I’m sorry. I know she’s your friend, and I swear I didn’t do anything to give her the impression I wanted to pursue anything with her.” Finally, Vivian relaxed against him. They stood silently for several minutes then he said, “I need to know you believe me.”

She hesitated briefly. “Yes, I believe you.”

“Thank you, baby.” He sighed in relief, glad they had cleared up that misunderstanding. But he couldn’t relax fully. He knew they still had one more obstacle to overcome.





CHAPTER TEN


It took some doing, but Devin convinced Vivian to follow through with their lunch date. Sitting across from him as they ate, she was glad she had consented. He had been right about never looking at another woman when they dated, even when women tried coming on to him. She’d been on the receiving end of hostile glares many times and had even overheard one woman ask, “What does he see in her?”

She picked up her second piece of pizza and took a bite. Still upset and out of sorts, Vivian resorted to her comfort food—pizza loaded with pepperoni, mushrooms and green peppers.

“I can’t believe you still do that,” Devin said with a laugh.

“What?”

“Turn your pizza around and eat the crust.”

“Hey, it’s called saving the best part for last. I don’t want anything to interfere with my taste buds once I dig in to my toppings.”

He shook his head. “I remember the first time I saw you do that.”

Vivian rolled her eyes. “Yeah, so do I. You laughed so hard and long that you had to reheat your pizza twice.”

Devin smiled. “You have to admit it is kind of comical to see a plate with three pieces of pizza, all with no crust.”

“Whatever, Devin. You eat your pizza the way you want and I’ll eat mine the way I want.”

“I eat mine the normal way.”

“Are you going to eat your food, or are you going to sit here and keep criticizing the way I eat? Because me and my pizza can go sit on the beach.”

He lifted his hands in mock surrender. “Sorry, Princess.”

They managed to finish eating without more teasing then Devin suggested they take a walk. He entwined their fingers and led them in the direction of the beach. Vivian paused to take off her sandals and placed them in her free hand as they strolled leisurely along the water’s edge.

Halfway down the shore, he spotted two free loungers and gestured to them. “Let’s sit for a minute.” When they reached them, he sat in one, pulled her to sit between his legs and wrapped his arms around her. “We’ve danced around the subject long enough, Viv. I need to know what happened between us. Did I do something?”

She’d known he would ask sooner or later, but her heart still wasn’t prepared to have the conversation. Taking a deep breath, she began. “You didn’t do anything, Devin. You’re the most amazing man I’ve ever met.”

“Then why, Viv? Help me out here.”

“Two years ago, my father was convicted of armed robbery and he’s in prison. It wasn’t his first brush with the law, though. He served two years for burglary when I was fourteen. He broke into the little mart near our house. It was the hangout for many of us kids and we typically stopped there everyday. Can you imagine my humiliation when my friends and I went in one day after school and the owner said he wouldn’t sell anything to the daughter of a thief? I ran out of that store and all the way home only to find my mother face down on the bed crying her heart out because the police had arrested my father, who had been identified by the store’s camera.

“She stayed in bed for the next four days, not eating and barely sleeping. I’d hear her crying throughout the night and go in to ask if she needed anything, but she’d yell and tell me to get out. From that point on, I was on my own for cooking, cleaning and everything else in the house. It was months before talk died down and some of my friends talked to me again. But, I never went back to that store. I have a brother who’s two years older who wasn’t much help and—”

“You have a brother?” Devin asked with surprise.

“Yeah. For a few weeks he helped, but then he started running with his friends and staying out all night, so… We’re not that close anymore because I don’t approve of his lifestyle.” She shrugged.

“But what does that have to do with us? You’re not the one who robbed the store.”

“After we flew down to LA for Monte’s concert, I realized we could never work. Private planes, superstars… Then there was you. Your career was taking off and when my father was arrested a second time, I knew I didn’t want any of my drama to interfere with your dreams. Then…” She blinked back the tears clouding her vision.

Devin shifted her until she sat across his lap and palmed her face. “Sweetheart, that is not your drama, it’s your father’s. Why didn’t you tell me?”

“How do you tell the man you’ve grown to care about that the woman he’s dating comes from a family of convicts and thieves—?”

He used his thumb to wipe a way the tear that ran down her cheek. “I don’t want to hear it, Vivian. Your father’s choices are not your fault.”

“You don’t understand, Devin. My brother decided to follow in our father’s footsteps, and—”

He cut her off again. “No, Princess. You can’t blame yourself.”

Vivian had to make him understand. There was more she had to tell him, which she knew would change his perception of her, maybe even hate her. Her heart clenched at the thought. She opened her mouth to speak and her cell phone chimed with a text. She dug it out of her shorts pocket and read the message from Mariah. She groaned. “I have to go. I forgot Mariah and I have to meet with the Greens to get the final payment for the flowers.”

“That’s fine. I’m meeting the guys for dinner at seven, but we can talk more tonight. Why don’t you come to my room around nine-thirty?”

“Okay.” She pressed a tender, lingering kiss to his lips and stroked the side of his face. What she wouldn’t give to change their circumstances.

When she got to the room, Mariah was seated on the balcony reading. “Hey. Give me five minutes to change and I’ll be ready.”

“No problem. How did it go with Devin?”

“I didn’t get a chance to finish telling him about why I left him, so I’m going to meet him later tonight.”

“Dawn texted me twenty minutes ago and wanted to know if we were having dinner together. I didn’t respond, but I don’t think I could sit across the table from her and pretend everything is all right.”

“Neither do I,” Vivian said from the bathroom. “But, we’re going to have to deal with her sooner or later. And I’m really not looking forward to it.” Confrontations weren’t her strong suit, which was why she found herself in this predicament with Devin. Had she come clean when it first happened, there might have been a way to salvage their relationship. Now, it was too late.

Vivian took a quick shower and slipped into a sleeveless button down tangerine top and multi-colored long wrap skirt. She brushed her hair, came out and sat on a chair to fasten her sandals.

Mariah came in and placed her book on the dresser. “Ready?”

She stood and walked over to the door. “Yep. Oh, wait. I forgot the survey.” She always had their customers complete a satisfaction survey and used some of the quotes for marketing. “Okay. Let’s go.”

While riding the elevator down, Mariah asked, “Do you think you and Devin will be able to work things out? I feel so bad. Twice I’ve ripped the man’s head off and was wrong on both accounts.”

“I don’t know. It’ll depend on him.”

“Well, he strikes me as a pretty level-headed guy, considering all the yelling we did and he never really raised his voice too much,” she added wryly.

Vivian smiled slightly. “I guess we’ll see.” Her hand went to her stomach unconsciously. Those butterflies were back.



Devin sat out on the beach thinking about what Vivian had told him. That she had escaped her family’s drama to graduate from high school, college and open a business impressed him even more. But, what he couldn’t understand was why she felt that had anything to do with their relationship. True, back then he had been working his way up to one of the lead architect positions—he was the youngest in the firm to move up so quickly—but he didn’t see the connection. Hopefully, they could sort it out later because spending these last two days with her reaffirmed that she was the woman he wanted in his life. He closed his eyes and a smile curved his lips. She wouldn’t be leaving the island for a few days. Devin could be very persuasive when he had to be and planned to show his princess exactly why they belonged together.

He hadn’t realized he’d dozed off until he felt something on his leg. He jerked upright and slapped at a bug then glanced at his watch. His eyes widened when the time revealed that he had been asleep for two hours. The long night had finally caught up with him. He came to his feet and stretched. He had more than enough time to shower and work on a couple of designs before dinner.

Back in his room and freshly showered, Devin slipped into a pair of basketball shorts and pulled out his laptop. He resisted logging onto his work account and scanned his personal emails, instead. He deleted the junk and opened one from his brother, Erik, who was two years older and worked at the Pentagon. Every time one of their family members traveled, Erik took it upon himself to advise them of any potential threats. Thankfully there were none.

Devin smiled when he saw one from his retired educator mother. His parents had relocated to New Mexico a few years ago from San Jose and Devin was the only one in his family who still lived in the city where they were born. When Janae married Terrence and moved to LA, Devin had been left with the responsibility of their family home. They had all agreed to keep the house and rent it out. He clicked on the link and viewed the pictures she had sent from his parents’ visit to Nevada to see his oldest brother, Justin, his wife, Pam and their four-year old daughter Teresa. He hadn’t seen his niece in nearly six months and marveled at how big she had gotten. Now, Janae was expecting and he’d be an uncle again. For a brief moment, he let himself imagine what it would be like to see Vivian’s belly swollen with their child and to cradle his own little boy or girl in his arms. Pushing the image aside, he closed the emails and opened the file with his latest project. Soon he lost himself in the design. His cell phone buzzed and startled him. Devin picked it up and saw a message from his sister.

Janae: Have u found a new girlfriend?

Devin: No, but I did see an old one.

Janae: What?! Who?

Devin: Vivian’s flower shop provided flowers for the wedding.

Janae: Ooh. Keep me posted. BTW ur niece or nephew is getting anxious. Having a few contractions.

Devin: U still have five weeks. Not good. Do I need to come home?

Janae: No! I’m fine. Remember my husband is here…lol.

Devin: I know, but I’ve been taking care of you all your life. Old habits r hard to break.

Janae: I know and I love u. Enjoy ur vacation and I’ll let u know if anything changes J

Devin: Love u too, baby girl.

Devin tossed the cell phone on the desk and frowned, worried about Janae. He knew Terrence wouldn’t let anything happen to her, but she was Devin’s baby sister, his only sister. He and his brothers would be there in a heartbeat if she needed them. Even though she had been married almost two years, he still had a hard time letting go. He didn’t know what he would do if something happened to her or the baby.

His cell buzzed again, this time with a message from Marcel asking if he planned to join them for dinner. It was already five after seven. He sent a message back asking which restaurant. While waiting for a reply, Devin shut down his computer and donned a shirt and his sandals.

Tonight Marcel’s wife and Tony’s sister, Tina, joined the three men for dinner. He enjoyed hanging out with them, but wanted the time to pass quickly so he and Vivian could continue their conversation. He tried not to appear anxious, but kept checking his watch. More than once, he glanced up to see Jason’s amused expression. After dinner they invited him to join them for some late night entertainment provided by the resort, but Devin declined and went upstairs to his room to wait for Vivian.



Vivian and Mariah had managed to avoid Dawn all day, but ran into her as they were leaving one of the restaurants after dinner.

“Where have you guys been? I’ve been looking all over for you,” Dawn said. “Didn’t you get my text, Mariah?”

Vivian and Mariah shared a look and Vivian said, “We can talk upstairs.”

Dawn divided her confused gaze between Mariah and Vivian then nodded.

Mariah tended to be the one who always met confrontation head-on, but tonight didn’t utter one word.

As soon as they were in Vivian’s room, Mariah dropped in a chair and folded her arms.

“Can one of you tell me what’s going on?” Dawn asked.

“I saw you at Devin’s door this morning,” Vivian finally said. “How could you do this me? We’re supposed to be friends… sisters.”

“I didn’t go in. We were just talking.”

“Seriously, Dawn? You expect me to believe that? I saw you, Dawn,” she snapped.

“I was only there for a minute and nothing happened. I wouldn’t—”

“Stop lying! Devin had on only a towel and you… you were standing there with your dress wide open. I don’t even want to think about what you did or didn’t have on underneath.” She shook her head. “You know, I thought all your flirting and comments were harmless, but I was wrong.”

“Dawn, you really crossed the lines of sisterhood this time,” Mariah said sadly. “Whether Viv broke up with Devin or not, you shouldn’t have tried coming on to him. And you knew he was still feeling her.”

Dawn heaved a deep sigh. “Look, I admit to flirting with Devin, but I only acted on the vibes he was sending. I didn’t want to say anything, but I saw him late last night around midnight and he asked me to come by. So, maybe you should be asking him about the mixed messages he’s sending,” she added with a smirk.

It was all Vivian could do not to slap the smug look off Dawn’s face. “So, if I called Devin, he’d tell me the same thing?” Before she could comment further, Mariah jumped up, marched across the room and did exactly what Vivian wanted to do.

“You lying, bitch! That man didn’t say one word to you.”

Dawn’s hand flew to her cheek. “What the hell, Mariah? And how do you know? Were you sleeping with him last night?”

“No, but I did,” Vivian chimed in. She strode over to the door and snatched it open. “You need to get the hell out of my room… and out of my life.”

“So, you’re just going to end our friendship over a man?”

Mariah started toward Dawn again with fire in her eyes and Vivian intercepted her. “She’s not worth it, Riah.” Vivian skewered Dawn with a look. “Make no mistake about it, Dawn, I’m not ending our friendship over a man. I’m ending the friendship because I can’t trust you and because you’ve proven that our friendship wasn’t worth anything to you. Now get out.”

“I’ve moved my things in here for tonight,” Mariah said. “I’ll be going downstairs to remove your name from my room first thing in the morning, so if you plan to stay, you’ll be doing it on your own dime and in your own room.”

Dawn stared at them, a mixture of anger, surprise and even some regret evident on her face before she stormed out.

Vivian slammed the door behind her, leaned her forehead against it and let the tears fall. It seemed as if she’d cried more in the last two days than she had in the last two years, and she knew there would be more tears to come. She lifted her head when she felt Mariah’s hand on her shoulder.

Mariah’s tear-stained face mirrored Vivian’s. “I don’t know what to do right now. I feel like I just buried my sister.”

“So do I.”

“What do you want to do now?”

“I’m meeting Devin in a few minutes. I need to tell him the rest. Not sure how much more I can take.”

“Then call him and tell him you’ll meet him tomorrow. Give yourself tonight.”

“No. He’s waited long enough for the truth and I can’t put it off any longer.”

“Well, just know I’ll be here if you need me, but judging from all the sparks flying between you and the way he charged in here earlier demanding to see you, I’d say he still cares a lot about you and will be willing to work things out.”

“I hope so. I’m going to wash my face and get it over with.” Vivian wasn’t too sure she believed that, but she couldn’t do anything about it.





CHAPTER ELEVEN


Fifteen minutes later, feeling somewhat in control, Vivian knocked on Devin’s door.

Devin took one look at her face, pulled her inside and gathered her in his arms. “What happened, baby?”

Vivian was helpless to stop the tears that cascaded down her face. “I just lost one of my best friends.”

His expression softened in sympathy. “Dawn?”

She nodded and buried her face in his chest.

“I’m so sorry, sweetheart. I know you’ve been friends for a long time.” He stroked her back lovingly and told her that everything would be okay.

They stood there for the longest time and she was in no hurry to leave the shelter of his embrace. At length, her tears stopped. Devin tilted her chin and brought his mouth down on hers. She clung to his shirt and let herself be swept away by the pleasure he aroused in her. The kiss changed from sweet and tender to hot and demanding in an instant and Vivian held him tighter. Needing her hands on his bare skin, she pushed his shirt up and ran her hands up and down his strong chest. She broke the kiss off, helped him pull it up and over his head completely and dropped it on the floor.

He stared down at her with a wicked smile. “If you want that blouse to stay in one piece, I suggest you remove it because if I do it, I’m not going to bother with the buttons.”

Her nipples tightened and her core pulsed. She went to work on the buttons as fast as she could, but obviously she didn’t move fast enough. Before she could blink, he reached out and yanked the fabric apart. The remaining two buttons popped off and scattered across the floor.

He paid no attention to her surprised gasp. “I’ll buy you another one.” He tossed it aside and removed the rest of her clothes with blinding speed.

Her protests died under the onslaught of his mouth and hands until the only sounds coming from her were sounds of pleasure. Vivian pushed him toward the bed and he fell backwards, pulling her on top of him. She traced a path over his tattoo with her finger, and then with her tongue, knowing it would make him lose control. The sound of Devin’s labored breathing magnified in the space and his muscles contracted beneath her touch.

“Viv, baby,” he panted.

He tried to pull her up, but Vivian pushed his hands away and ignored his pleas. She slid down his body, raining kisses over his chest, stopping to circle her tongue around his nipples before continuing past the hard ridges of his abdomen to the edge of the waistband of his shorts. She tugged them, along with his underwear down and off, and his erection sprang free. Holding his gaze, she wrapped her fingers around the base and twirled her tongue around his shaft ending at the tip, repeating the action twice more before taking him deep into her mouth.

Devin swore hoarsely and dropped his head back against the pillows. She sucked him harder and his hands threaded through her hair as his body shuddered and bucked, and his groans grew louder.

Without warning, he jerked upright, flipped her on her back and hooked her legs over his shoulders. Vivian cried out when his mouth clamped down on her core. The hot stroke of his tongue over her clit sent jolts of pleasure coursing through her body and she trembled. He stroked her deeper and feasted like a man indulging in his favorite meal. She moaned and gripped his head to keep him in place as her hips rocked against his mouth.

“Devin,” she said, gasping for breath. Her thighs involuntarily locked around his head, but he held them apart, bringing her to a blinding orgasm that had her shaking uncontrollably and screaming his name.

He lowered her legs, reached into drawer of the night table, retrieved a condom and quickly rolled it over his thick erection. Devin came back to her and kissed her, his lips moving slowly and sensually over hers, ramping up her desire once again. He changed the intensity of the kiss at the same time he shifted his body and entered her with a driving thrust. She lifted her hips upward to match his fluid movements. His thrusts came faster and faster and their passionate cries bounced off the walls. Vivian raked her nails down his back and flexing buttocks. Each well-placed thrust went deeper and deeper, and touched a part of her that no man had ever reached, not even him. Then she was crying and coming in a dizzying explosion of pleasure.

“Vivian,” Devin whispered, his black velvet voice husky with emotion. He thrust, once, twice, then stiffened and exploded within her with a harsh groan of male satisfaction. He collapsed on top of her. “I love you, Princess.”

“I love you, too.” She prayed it would be enough.



Vivian woke up Sunday morning in a panic. She wasn’t supposed to sleep with Devin a second time. Now, with his confession of love, she was torn between telling him what happened and letting it remain in the past. But, she couldn’t in good conscience rebuild their relationship on a half-truth. She rolled onto her side and debated what to do.

“Mmm, good morning, Princess.” Devin pressed his lips against her shoulder while his hand feathered over her hip and thigh.

Her eyes slid closed with the sweetness of his touch. His erection fit snug against her backside and it took supreme effort not to respond to his subtle movements. “Good morning.”

“I could get used to waking up like this every morning. What about you?” He nuzzled her neck.

“Devin, I don’t think… ooh.” He slid two long fingers inside her and his other hand snaked around her front to knead her breasts and tease the hardening tips. Robbed of all rational thoughts by the blaze he set in her body, she would agree to anything he asked…if she could talk. She writhed against the solid bulge, wanting and needing him to fill her.

“Don’t you want me to touch you, kiss you, give you pleasure, make you come, then pleasure you all over again?”

She was already on the verge of an orgasm and his words pushed her over the edge. She convulsed around him, gasping and trying to force oxygen into her lungs. Before she could recover, Devin lifted her leg over his and entered her from behind. Vivian arched and caught his driving rhythm as he pounded in and out of her until she screamed his name.

Devin arched and cried out Vivian’s name, too, as his body shook and wave after wave of rapture washed over them. He held her close, whispering tender endearments she thought she’d never hear again.

Gradually, their breathing returned to normal. Devin withdrew and rolled off the bed to discard the condom that she hadn’t thought about, but was relieved to see. She heard the water and guessed that he decided to shower, as well.

He returned a few minutes later still naked and drying his hair. A few droplets still clung to his muscled frame and she wanted nothing more than to lick them off.

“If you want to shower, go ahead. There’s an unopened toothbrush you can use.”

“Okay.” She rose and walked past him, fully aware that his heated gaze followed.

She showered quickly and brushed her teeth. Devin was sitting in the bed against the headboard when she came back and patted the space next to him. Vivian hesitated a beat then climbed in.

Devin slung an arm around her shoulder and kissed her tenderly. “Now, that’s a proper good morning kiss.”

“Devin, we need to talk. I need to tell you what else happened.”

“We already talked about it,” he murmured, running his hand idly down her arm. “It’s in the past and now we have a chance to start over.”

Vivian scooted away and pulled the sheet up to cover her naked body. “There’s more, Devin. And we can’t start over until you know all of it. I think we should get dressed.”

His brows knitted in concern. “I’ll give you one of my T-shirts to wear since I sort of ripped the other one.”

She slipped on the shirt he gave her, sat at the desk and waited while he put on a pair of shorts.

He sat on the edge of the bed facing her. “Okay, Vivian, let’s talk.”

She wrung her hands and bit her lip. “Do you remember when I told you my brother followed in my father’s footsteps?”

He nodded. “But, that has nothing to do with you.”

“It does when he’s stealing from your friends.”

Devin sat straight up. “What are you talking about?”

Vivian closed her eyes and forced the words from her lips. “He and his friends were the ones who broke into your home,” she said softly. When she opened her eyes, she was unprepared for the anger that radiated from him.

He slowly rose to his feet and came to stand in front of her. “Your brother broke into my house?” His nostrils flared and a solitary muscle ticked in his jaw.

“Yes,” she answered on a broken sob. “I didn’t know—”

“Did you just find out?”

“No.”

“No? Then when did you find out?”

“Devin, I—”

“When did you find out?” he shouted.

She flinched from the force behind his words. “About three weeks after the fact.”

Devin paced in front of her then stopped abruptly. She saw the moment he realized the time frame coincided with when she ended their relationship. “That’s the reason. All this time.” He shook his head as if in disbelief. “You knew I was sick about that robbery. I could replace most of the stuff, but my grandmother’s jewelry, along with my sister’s paintings were stolen. I eventually got the ring, a bracelet and one of Janae’s paintings back, but the others…” He shook his head. “Those things can’t be replaced.”

“I’m sorry, Devin. I wanted to tell you, but I didn’t know how.”

“What the hell do you mean you didn’t know how? You’ve known for almost two years.” He held up two fingers. “Two years, Vivian! How hard was it? Yet, you’re telling me now. I can’t believe this,” he muttered, pacing again.

“Devin, please.”

“I called you for weeks after you left me, trying to get you to talk to me. Dammit, I trusted you, loved you, wanted to marry you. So, how did this work? You scoped out the houses and passed along the information to him?” Devin tossed out bitterly.

Vivian came to her feet swiftly. “No! I would never do something like that. Please believe me, Devin.” She reached for him and he threw up his hands and took a step back. “Devin, I love you and I’m sorry. I really wanted to tell you, but my brother—”

“Enough.” His thunderous expression stopped her midsentence. “I don’t want to hear anymore. You don’t know the meaning of love. We don’t have anything else to talk about. I’m going to leave. Don’t be here when I come out.” He spun around, went into the bathroom and slammed the door with enough force to rattle the balcony doors.

Vivian’s shoulders slumped and silent tears fell from her eyes. She had known he’d be angry—and he had every right to be—but she thought he would at least hear her out. She removed his shirt, folded it neatly and left it on the bed. Retrieving her scattered clothing, Vivian dressed. She opened the door, glanced once more toward the bathroom then, with a sigh of regret, stepped into the hallway. Today, she could care less about how she looked—wrinkled clothes, bruised lips, hair all over her head and eyes red and puffy. The only thing she wanted was to crawl into bed and stay there. She had contemplated knocking on the bathroom door, but understood that Devin had not only slammed the door physically, but symbolically. She’d lost him for good.



Devin stayed in the bathroom until he heard the soft click of the door closing. He couldn’t take being in the same space with her. The tightness in his chest hadn’t eased, neither had his anger and disappointment. He drew in several slow, steady breaths in an effort to calm down, but it didn’t help. How could the woman he thought he loved keep something so serious from him? He’d had no idea what he expected Vivian to say, but her knowing who had broken into his home never crossed Devin’s mind. How many other men had she done this to? He would have never figured her for a thief, but now didn’t know what to think. You know she would never be party to something like this, his inner voice countered. But it didn’t matter. Even if she wasn’t part of the robbery she knew about it after the fact and withheld the information. She’d broken his trust more than once and he couldn’t be with a woman like that.

He canceled out on going sightseeing, knowing he wasn’t fit for company. Devin decided to stay in his room and take advantage of room service while he sat on his balcony. At midnight, Devin hadn’t moved from his spot on the balcony where he’d been sitting for the past three hours. Though he didn’t think he could sleep, he dragged himself inside, crawled into bed and lay staring at the ceiling. An hour later, sleep still eluded him. He knew he needed to sleep, if only for a little while, to escape the pain rebounding in his chest. He closed his eyes and memories of Vivian flooded his mind—seeing her for the first time in the gym trying to keep her baggy shorts up, kissing her under the stars on the beach, laughing while she ate her pizza backwards, and hearing her scream his name as they made love over and over again.

Devin groaned, rolled to his side and forced the images away. He dozed off only to awaken hard and aching, reaching for Vivian and calling her name. He flipped the covers off and swung his legs over the side of the bed. Bracing his elbows on his knees, he buried his head in his hands. He didn’t think he could possibly feel worse pain than the day Vivian broke things off the first time, but he was wrong. Dead wrong.

The sun had already started its ascent, heralding the beginning of a new day and a new week. Devin gave up all hope of sleeping and decided to go for a run. After hitting the bathroom, he pulled on a pair of shorts, socks and his running shoes, grabbed the room key and left. While the resort offered a state-of-the-art fitness center, he opted for the beach.

Down on the beach, a few other people had the same idea. Devin started a slow jog along the water’s edge and increased his pace until he found a steady rhythm. Usually, running helped to clear his mind. Today it did nothing. The sun hung high in the cloudless blue sky and more people ventured out onto the beach to enjoy the available water sports. He pushed himself and kept running to the point of exhaustion. Devin slowed to a walk then dropped down on the pristine sand. He braced his hands on his bent knees and stared out over the water while waiting for his heart rate to return to normal. No matter how long or fast he ran he couldn’t outrun his feelings. Despite everything she had put him through he still loved Vivian. He wondered how long it would take him to get over her this time.

Who was he kidding? He’d never gotten over her. Never stopped loving her. And wouldn’t. Nothing she could ever do would change that.

A wave of fatigue washed over Devin. Maybe now he would be able to sleep. He pushed up from the sand with a groan. He hadn’t pushed himself this hard in a long time and every muscle in his body ached. He trudged through the sand back to the lobby of his building and hit the elevator button. Devin closed his eyes, rolled his head around his shoulders and rubbed the back of his neck. He froze mid-stroke. He’d recognize that scent anywhere. Opening his eyes again, he slowly rotated and his gaze collided with the last woman he wanted to see. Vivian. She had noticed him at the same time and her steps visibly faltered. She stared up at him with regret lining her features. Her red-rimmed eyes mirrored the same sadness he felt. She took a step forward and opened her mouth. Devin spun around and jabbed the elevator button again. Twenty-four hours ago he couldn’t get enough of this woman. Now, he couldn’t get away from her fast enough. He knew he loved her, but part of him still felt betrayed. For that reason, alone, he couldn’t face her.





CHAPTER TWELVE


Vivian watched as Devin stepped into the elevator. She had wanted to say something, anything, but the death glare he shot her way kept her jaws locked tight. She waited for him to turn around, but he remained with his back to her until the elevator doors closed. She’d thought she was all cried out, but tears filled her eyes again and she clenched her teeth and willed them back.

“Girl, he looks about as miserable as you,” Mariah said with a shake of her head. “If that’s not a sign that the two of you belong together, I don’t know what is.”

“It’s kind of hard to belong together when one person hates the other. You know, I think I’ve changed my mind about going out.” She had spent all yesterday crying, devastated that he hadn’t listened to the entirety of her confession. This morning Mariah had convinced Vivian to go sightseeing in the hopes it would lift her spirit. Initially, Vivian thought it might help, but after seeing Devin decided that staying in the safe confines of her room was a much better idea. She would have everything she needed—a great view, room service, her iPad…and no chance of running into Devin. Perfect.

Mariah hooked her arm with Vivian’s. “Oh, no you don’t. You are going out today. I let you have your pity party yesterday because, frankly, you needed one. We both did. Today, we’re going to the Bellefield Great House and Gardens and experience some of this beautiful Jamaican countryside. It’s Monday—a new day, a new week—and a good time for a fresh start. The change in scenery will take our minds off all the drama for at least two or three hours. So, come on.” She tugged on Vivian’s arm and steered her in the direction of the hotel’s entrance.

Vivian glanced over her shoulder once more at the closed elevator doors and followed Mariah. Once en route, the further away from the resort they got, the better she felt. The drive took less than half an hour and Vivian could only stare when she climbed out of the taxi.

“Wow. It’s beautiful.”

“Yeah. For real,” Mariah said.

They joined some other guests and toured the plantation, stopping first to watch the process of making cane juice into wet sugar. They enjoyed sampling the freshly squeezed juice and nibbling on raw sugar cane. The next stop was the Sugar Mill built in the late 1700’s and, of course, more samples.

“It’s a little early for rum, don’t you think, Riah?” Vivian asked when Mariah took one of the samples.

“Eleven-thirty is close enough to noon. Besides, it’s only enough to taste.”

She nodded, picked up a cup and lifted it in mock toast. “You only live once.”

“Yeah. But since you didn’t eat much yesterday or this morning, I suggest you only live a little, as in one or two sips. I don’t plan on carrying you out of here.”

Vivian smiled and cautiously took a small sip. She grimaced. “Whoa. This stuff is strong. And that’s why I restrict myself to fruity cocktails and wine only.”

Mariah laughed. “Girl, put that cup down.”

She discarded the cup and followed the group to the Jerk Pit where a man demonstrated how to make the jerk seasonings. “Hey, I didn’t know this seasoning originated with Taino Indians,” Vivian said, reading a posted sign. “The Maroons perfected it and used it primarily with pork to help preserve the meat. Fascinating information.”

“That’s why I wanted to come here. There’s so much history. Are you going to taste it?”

“Sure. Why not?”

Mariah made a face. “It apparently has the scotch bonnet pepper in the mix, and that’s one of the spicier peppers, sort of like a habanero.”

“True, but it’s mixed with other stuff like onions, garlic and thyme, so it shouldn’t be too bad. You’re the one who wanted to come. Don’t be a party pooper.”

“Fine,” Mariah grumbled. She made sure to get just enough to taste. “That’s hot,” she said, waving her hand in front of her face.

“It is pretty spicy,” Vivian agreed. “But it has a little bit of a sweet taste, too.”

The plantation portion of the tour ended with tastes of desserts, all containing coconut. Then they had a guided tour of the Great House and lunch beneath a three hundred year-old Guango tree.

While eating, Mariah said, “You mentioned something about Devin not letting you tell the whole story. I figured he might be a little upset about you knowing your brother broke in his house, but didn’t he understand you were trying to protect him and keep yourself out of jail?

Vivian set her fork down and blew out a long breath. “That’s the part I didn’t get to. Devin was so mad, he wouldn’t listen to anything I had to say after finding out I kept the information from him for two years.”

“You have to tell Devin the rest. Make him listen.”

“I tried to tell him the rest, but he wouldn’t listen. And you saw him earlier. The man hates me. He’s not going to listen to anything I have to say.”

“Make him listen, Viv. Remember when that guy in the bank tried to give us the runaround about our loan? Who pursued him and made him listen? You. If you can convince a loan officer to give a six-figure loan to two women with a dream, you can get the man you love, and who still loves you, to sit for fifteen minutes. Devin does love you. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so hurt.”

“I don’t know, Riah.” Vivian really wanted his love, and would give anything to have him not hate her. Even if it meant settling for the dreaded “friend zone”.

“You have to. You owe it to yourself, and to him.”

“Maybe,” she murmured. This trip to paradise had turned out to be more like a trip to hell. She’d lost a best friend and the man who owned her heart. She had nothing left to lose.



After seeing Vivian, Devin had come back to his room to shower, with plans to head downstairs for a late breakfast. But he scrapped those plans in favor of room service. Again. Just the sight of her dredged up every painful emotion he had experienced in the last twenty-four hours, like ripping the scab off an old wound. Why couldn’t he stop thinking about her, about them together? The room phone rang, interrupting his thoughts.

He tensed, fully expecting to hear Vivian’s voice when he answered, but relaxed upon hearing Marcel’s.

“Hey, man. You’ve been pretty scarce. I thought you were going with us yesterday.”

“Something came up.”

“Something or someone?” Marcel asked with a chuckle.

“Both. What’s up?”

“Jason and I are going down to shoot some hoops and maybe grab a bite to eat afterwards. You in?”

“Yeah.” Devin couldn’t hide in his room forever. And he typically faced his problems head on. This time should be no different. If he ran into Vivian again, he would deal with it. “What time?”

“Meet us at the courts in ten minutes. Tony’s supposed to be making an appearance. But who knows how long he’ll be around. Sam has had him locked up for three days and he’ll probably start having withdrawals ten minutes out of her sight.”

He laughed. “Sort of like you were when you and Toya got married.”

“We’re not talking about me. Later.”

Devin chuckled again and hung up the phone. Immediately, his mind went back to Vivian and how content he had been staying “locked up” with her all day and night. His groin stirred faintly in remembrance. He muttered a curse, snatched up his room key and strode out of the room. Downstairs, he exited the doors to the beach area at the same time a woman entered.

“Oh. Hey, Devin.”

He groaned inwardly. “Hey, Mariah.” He held the door and made a move past her, not wanting to hear any pleas she came to make on Vivian’s behalf. But she made no attempt to walk through.

Her eyebrow lifted. “You look as miserable as Vivian.” She gave him a once over. “Or worse.”

He folded his arms and waited.

“I usually don’t stick my nose in other people’s business—”

“So, the two times you nearly ripped my head off didn’t qualify as sticking your nose in other people’s business?”

At least she had the decency to look embarrassed. “Okay, you got me there, and I did say usually. But, I’m making an exception in this case. I can’t stand to see my best friend hurting this way.”

“She brought it on herself.”

Mariah sighed in exasperation. “Look, I know she probably should have told you some things long before now. But, sometimes things aren’t always the way they seem. I hope you two are able to work out your differences because I truly believe you and Viv belong together. See you around.” She entered the hotel and left him to stare at her retreating back.

What the hell does that mean? Devin dismissed the question as quickly as it came. He didn’t care one way or the other.

All three men were waiting when Devin arrived at the basketball court. They played two games then had a late lunch at the bar and grill.

“So, how’s married life so far?” Devin asked Tony while they sipped beers and waited for their food to arrive.

“Great,” Tony answered with a broad smile. “Three uninterrupted days and nights with Samantha, personal butler service, meals on the balcony overlooking the ocean or in bed…life couldn’t be better.”

“You do have to go home in few days,” Marcel said. “Back to real life—work, responsibilities, family—constant interruptions.”

“True. But you and Toya seem to be doing just fine.”

Marcel tilted his bottle toward Tony. “That’s because we work at it. We don’t let anything get in the way of our time, especially family. And you know my mom finds every reason to call, needing one thing or another, like Pops isn’t sitting next to her. Your mom is the same way, with them being sisters. I learned early on how to say no or flip it around to fit my schedule. Set the rules early, cuz. That way you’ll have no drama.”

Tony touched his bottle to Marcel’s. “Duly noted.”

All four men broke out in laughter. Marcel continued to share stories and dispense marriage wisdom while they ate.

When they finished, Tony asked, “So what did I miss? Any hookups, Jason and Devin?”

A slow smile spread across Jason’s lips. “As a matter of fact, I met an intriguing woman who wants nothing more than a good time.” He rose to his feet. “So, I’m going to see how much fun I can get into. Ask Devin what he’s been up to. Marcel and I had a bet on which one of you were having more fun.”

Devin shot a glare at Jason, who chuckled.

Marcel smiled. “As much as I’d like to stay around to find out who won, I told Toya we’d go to one of the resorts sister sites for dinner. She’s been looking forward to it.” He pushed to his feet. “See you guys later.”

As soon as both men were gone, Tony fixed his gaze on Devin. “Sounds like I wasn’t the only one getting some action, huh? Somebody new or a reunion party?”

“Vivian.”

“You two back together now or what?”

“More like ‘or what’.”

“Did she finally tell you why she kicked you to the curb?”

He eyed Tony, not liking the reference, then toyed with the neck of his beer bottle. “Yeah. Apparently, her brother was responsible for breaking into my house.”

Tony’s eyes widened and he slowly leaned back in his chair. “Her brother? You never mentioned her having a brother.”

“That’s because I didn’t know.” Devin shared what Vivian had told him about her father and brother’s lifestyles. “The worst part is she’s known about since the day she ended our relationship.”

“Why did she wait so long to tell you?”

“Said she didn’t know how to tell me.”

Tony shook his head. “Wow. I don’t know what to say. I never figured she’d be part of a robbery scheme. Did she have anything else to say for herself?”

He shrugged. “Outside of saying she didn’t have anything to do with it, no. But I didn’t really give her a chance. There wasn’t anything left to say. I was so angry I just wanted her gone.”

“Look, I know you’re pissed at Vivian right now, but I just can’t see her doing something like this. I’m not a fan of the way she’s handled this and I’m not taking her side, but I know she was in love with you, Dev. Still is by the way she was staring at you on the boat. And you love her, too.”

Devin opened his mouth to refute Tony and Tony held up a hand.

“Hear me out. Don’t try to tell me you’re not in love with her. I can see it. Even with all the anger and pain, it’s there.” Tony leaned forward and braced his forearms on the table. “Don’t you want to know the reason she waited so long to tell you after the fact…the real reason? I sure as hell would. What if she was telling the truth about not knowing what her brother had done?”

“She knew,” Devin countered.

“After the fact,” Tony reiterated. “How did she find out?”

Devin frowned. He hadn’t let her get that far. And, yeah, how did she find out? Had she been ready to explain when he all but dismissed her? “I don’t know.”

“But you want to know. A word of advice.”

“A lot of that going around,” he grumbled.

Tony laughed. “Seriously, Dev. Listen to what Vivian has to say. I mean really listen. You’re going to need that skill when you get married. Trust me.”

His jaw dropped. “What? I’m not…”

Tony slid the chair back and stood. “I’ve been away from my beautiful wife for too long. Let me know if I need to get my tux ready. Better yet, we’ll be here until Saturday.” He gestured around the resort. “You can’t beat a destination wedding, especially since you’re already here.” He clapped Devin on the shoulder. “I’ll be happy to stand in as your best man. You have my room number. Keep my posted. Later, bro.”

Devin stared at Tony’s retreating back with a deep scowl on his face. But the wheels in his brain were turning and all the emotions in his heart stirred to life. Tony knew exactly what to say to make Devin face his dilemma. Damn him!





CHAPTER THIRTEEN


After returning from the tour, Vivian left Mariah on the beach and retreated to her room and the sanctuary of her balcony. Her insides were in knots trying to decide how to proceed with Devin. Part of her agreed with Mariah—Vivian should find a way to ensure Devin learned the whole truth. But the other part of her, a much larger part, didn’t want to risk another confrontation. She couldn’t bear to see the contempt in his eyes again. Each encounter fractured her heart a little more. In her mind, it would be best for both of them if she stayed out of his way.

Maybe she’d send him a letter once she got home. The more she thought about it, the more she warmed up the to the idea. With a letter, Vivian wouldn’t have to endure seeing the pain on his face when he read it. If he read it. Whether Devin chose to read her letter or not would be up to him. In either case, she would have done her part to set the record straight. She sighed in frustration. Again, no matter how many times she played out the scenario in her mind, the outcome remained the same—she’d lose Devin and he’d hate her. Nothing had changed.

Vivian picked up the mystery novel she had brought and had yet to pick up. The phone rang as soon as she opened the book. Closing it again, she rose and went to answer the call.

“Hello.”

“Ms. Michaels?” a female Caribbean accented voiced asked.

“Yes.”

“This is Alana at the front desk. You have a message here.”

“Oh. Okay.” Who would leave a message? Vivian realized the woman was still waiting on the line. “I’m sorry. I’ll be down to pick it up. Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

Taking a quick peek at the clock she debated whether to leave now or wait until dinner. She and Mariah had made reservations at one of the more formal restaurants for six-thirty. “I’ll wait,” she mumbled and went back to her book. Five minutes later, curiosity got the best of Vivian and she changed her mind.

The desk clerk handed her a sealed envelope with her name scrawled on the front. She thanked the woman and turned to leave, but colorful decorations outside caught her attention. She pushed through the doors and saw that they were setting up for one of the themed nights. Vivian watched the transformation for a few minutes then ventured out to the beach area. She inhaled deeply, marveling at the island’s beauty. By staying in her room, she was missing all of this. Starting tomorrow, she planned to change that. She might not make it back to Jamaica for a long while and was determined to enjoy the time she had left. Admiring the scenery a moment longer, she saw a lone figure standing further down on the beach with his hands in his pockets. Devin. She’d recognize him anywhere.

Before she could chicken out, Vivian started in his direction. Either he didn’t hear her approach or he was ignoring her because he made no attempt to turn around when she came up behind him.

“Devin.” He shifted slightly to glance at her, and then turned back to the water. She fully expected him to leave, but he surprised her by staying. She stood silently beside him for several minutes. “Three weeks after your house was broken into, I went over to my mom’s house for something—I don’t remember what. But I walked in on my brother and some other guy in their garage and saw all kinds of things I knew didn’t belong to my parents—TV’s, stereo equipment, computers, laptops and vases. Then I noticed the African mask you had that I loved so much.”

Devin visibly stiffened, but didn’t say anything.

“I asked him where he got it from. Asked him if he stole it from you. He laughed and I realized he had. I was so furious I wanted to kill him. I told him I was going to call the police and…” Her speech faltered. “And he said that if he went down, so would I.” She felt the tears gathering. “They had robbed people I knew and he said he would point the finger at me as an accomplice if I turned him in. That’s why he had targeted my high school prom date…and you. I couldn’t say a word. He found out about that trip on Monte’s private plane and tried pressuring me into giving up more information on you, him, your family. But I wouldn’t do it. I told him you broke up with me.” The tears flowed in earnest now. “I did everything I could to distance myself from him and my father, to get away from my mother—she didn’t care about the wrong they were doing. To separate myself from all the craziness that was my life. I figured if I did well in school, I could move away and have a good life. I worked two jobs to put myself through college and, finally, my dream was in reach. But just like that, it was gone. I couldn’t go to jail. I couldn’t be like them. It was my biggest fear and, now, my biggest regret. I love you, Devin, and I’m so sorry.” Vivian swiped at her eyes and waited for some reaction from him. She could feel the anger radiating from his body, but other than his bowed head, he said nothing. “Now, you know,” she finished softly. Not knowing what else to say, she turned and went back the way she came.

She managed to keep her emotions under control until she reached the room. Vivian brought her hands up and became aware that she still held the envelope. She tore it open and read the letter from Dawn:

Vivian, I don’t quite know how to begin, except to say how sorry I am for my behavior. I would like to offer some excuse, but the truth is I don’t have one. I’ve lost not one, but two sisters and I don’t know how I’m going to deal with that. I don’t want to cause you any more pain, so I found another hotel for the night and I’ll be leaving in the morning. I only hope you will be able to forgive me one day. Please offer my sincere apologies to Devin. Dawn

“This just keeps getting worse and worse.” She and Mariah wondered where Dawn had gone. When Mariah moved back into her room earlier, all Dawns things were gone. Vivian dropped down on the side of the bed. Devin. Dawn. Emotionally, she was hanging on by a thread. A thread that steadily unraveled by the minute.



Devin listened to every word Vivian said. He knew he should have made some response and not let her walk away, but the rage that burned inside him made it impossible for him to say anything. He was angry with himself for not listening the first time. But the greater part of his wrath was reserved for Vivian’s brother. For the first time since ninth grade, Devin wanted to take apart someone, piece by piece. It had taken him years to learn how to keep his temper under control. The one time he lost it, Devin’s opponent ended up with a black eye, a busted lip and two broken bones. It had taken both his brothers and Tony to pull Devin off the boy who had tried to bully Janae. The only other time he came close to losing control was when one of Janae’s ex-boyfriends physically threatened her. But, tonight, he was experiencing a new degree of anger. In a way, he was glad to be in another country. Had Devin been home, Greg Michaels would either be hospitalized or dead. He couldn’t imagine the trauma his threats had caused Vivian—holding possible jail time over her head, knowing he stole from her friends and not being able to say anything.

Devin wanted to call his brother, Erik, to vent but he heard his mother’s voice admonishing him to think before acting. He groaned. He still planned to call Erik when he calmed down. However, if he called now, his brother would hear the anger in Devin’s voice and exact his own brand of revenge, regardless of what Devin said. Erik took the term badass to a new level, and as a former military operative, he had the means to do so. He shoved the phone back into his pocket. For now, he needed to find a way to apologize to Vivian and pray she forgave him. After Devin’s conversation with Tony, he had planned to talk to her anyway because he loved her and wanted her in his life. And now that he knew all, he was even more driven to make sure no one ever hurt her again.

Devin thought it best that he wait until his anger subsided before going to Vivian’s room so she wouldn’t assume it was directed at her. He lowered himself to the sand and folded his legs. It had been almost twenty years since a counselor suggested deep breathing exercises to control his anger and, at the time, he thought them stupid. However, over the years, the exercises had been instrumental in helping him achieve the relaxed demeanor he presented to the world. Devin closed his eyes, placed one hand on his abs, drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly. He repeated the process several times until he regained his balance. Usually, he needed only ten or fifteen minutes to feel a sense of peace. This time it took almost half an hour.

Once he left the beach, Devin debated whether to go directly to Vivian’s room or wait until later. He opted for the former and hid his disappointment when she didn’t answer. Then it occurred to him that she might be having dinner. His first thought was to search the restaurants, but nixed the idea quickly. Although he wanted nothing more than to talk to her now, he felt it best if they had the conversation in the confines of her room.

Devin went back downstairs where the beach party was in full swing. He stood off to one side observing the festivities while thinking about what Tony said. Beneath all the anger and hurt Devin did love Vivian. Had never stopped. He should have let her finish the first time, instead of cutting her off and spewing all those hurtful words. He’d said she didn’t know anything about love, but she’d made the ultimate sacrifice to protect him. If she accepted his apology and forgave him, Devin would never doubt her again.

An hour later, he knocked on her door again. His heart hammered in his chest when he heard the knob turning.

“Girl, I told you…” Vivian trailed off when she saw him. “Devin. Oh. What are you doing here?”

“I came to talk. May I come in?”

She hesitated for what seemed like forever in his mind then, stepped back. Vivian closed the door behind him. “If you came here to tell me how untrustworthy I am, and that I don’t know anything about love again, save your breath.”

Hearing the words he had said hurled back at him cut Devin to the core and caused a searing pain in his heart. He felt lower than dirt at this moment.

“I think you’ve said it all and I don’t—”

He closed the distance between them and cut her off with a tender kiss. He rested his forehead against hers, brought both her hands up to his lips and placed a soft kiss on the back. “I didn’t come for any of that. I came to ask you, to beg you to forgive me for being a fool. You’re none of those things I accused you of,” he said emotionally. “I was angry and hurt and I spoke without thinking. I didn’t mean any of the things I said.”

“Wh… what? You didn’t? But you said them.”

“I’m so sorry, baby, I didn’t know what I was saying. Give me another chance to make things right, Viv. I’ll do whatever it takes.” Devin never considered himself a begging man, but if it kept this woman in his life, he would do that and more.

“But, on the beach, you were angry. I could feel your anger.”

“My anger isn’t directed toward you, but your brother. I couldn’t say anything because I was afraid I’d lose it, and I didn’t want you to see me that way.”

“So, you’re not angry with me,” she said, searching his face.

“No. Even before you came to me on the beach I had planned to apologize. I didn’t know the whole story.” He framed her face with his hands. “I was wrong. Please forgive me, Princess.”

“Only if you forgive me, too. I’m so sorry I didn’t trust you enough to tell you sooner.”

Devin silenced her with a finger to her lips. “All is forgiven.”

“Devin,” Vivian whispered.

He captured her mouth, infusing all the love in his heart into this one kiss. Her hands found their way under his shirt and burned a path across his abs and chest. As always, her touch aroused him in a way that he couldn’t explain and one that drove him out of his mind. It was the one time he didn’t mind losing control. Without breaking the seal of their mouths, he swept her into his arms and carried her over to the bed. Devin stripped them both and made love to her slowly, sensually until they both exploded in pleasure. He rolled over on his back and cradled Vivian near his rapidly beating heart.

At length, Vivian asked, “Did you get the mask, your grandmother’s ring and bracelet, and Janae’s painting back?”

Devin’s recently slowed heart rate sped up again. “Yes. How did you know?”

“An anonymous tip to the police never hurt anybody. I also told my brother that if I caught him stealing again, I was going to the police regardless and that they’d probably be more than happy to give me a deal for turning them in. I just couldn’t stand by and let him keep doing what he was doing.”

He closed his eyes and squeezed her tighter. That she would risk danger to get his belongings back only made him love her more. “I don’t know what to say. Thank you, Princess. But, sweetheart, you took a big chance. Your life could have been in jeopardy.”

“After everything he did, it gave me a small measure of pleasure to watch him squirm.”

Devin chuckled and kissed her forehead. “That’s my baby. Where is he now?”

“I don’t know. I haven’t seen him in over six months. I did hear that two of his buddies got caught last year and are serving time. Maybe that woke Greg up.” Vivian lifted her head slightly. “So, where do we go from here, Devin?”

“We can always get married. And I can kick your punk ass brother’s butt if he comes near you,” he answered still lying on his back with his eyes closed.

She shot up. “What?”

He rolled his head in her direction and opened his eyes. “I said we could get married. Let me protect you, sweetheart.”

She shook her head. “No. Not without love. I don’t want to get married just so you can protect me. I can protect myself. I’ve been doing it all these years.”

Devin chuckled and pulled her on top of him. “I’m not asking just so I can protect you. I know you’re fully capable of taking care of yourself. My protection comes with my love. I love you, Vivian Michaels. There will never be another woman for me, no other who will have my heart.” He shifted her off him and onto the bed, rolled of and dropped to one knee. “So, I’ll ask again. Will you marry me, Princess?”

A bright smile bloomed on her face. “Yes, yes!” He rose and she pulled him down on the bed. “I love you, Devin.”

“I love you too, Princess.”

“I have so much to do when I get back home. We have to pick a date, find a place…”

He listened as she excitedly listed all of the things they needed to do and shook his head. Maybe Tony had the right idea. Devin would be calling his buddy first thing in the morning.





CHAPTER FOURTEEN


“I’m a miracle worker, if I have to say so myself,” Mariah said, standing behind Vivian.

“I know,” Vivian said. “This is crazy. I still can’t believe I’m doing this. Who plans a wedding in forty-eight hours?”

Mariah laughed. “Apparently you and Devin do. Lucky for you, they had an opening in the gazebo. See, I told you, you and Devin were made for each other.”

She smiled as she held her best friend’s gaze in the mirror and she ran a hand over her wedding gown. “I believe so, too. The fact that it’s Thursday helped.” Vivian and Devin had gone to a local jeweler the morning after he proposed and selected rings. Then she and Mariah had gone on a shopping blitz and found a dress. The moment Vivian laid eyes on it she had known it was perfect. The one-shoulder gown was swathed in a sheath of ruches that hugged her curves. The lacy shoulder strap attached to a low-cut neckline that provided just a hint of cleavage, then the lace continued to wind down to the hip, accentuated by floral beaded appliques.

“You look absolutely beautiful and I’m glad you’re happy.”

“I’m happier than I’ve ever been in my life.” She felt just like a princess getting the fairytale wedding she had always wanted. A knock sounded on the door.

“I’ll get it.” Mariah cracked the door open. “It’s Samantha.” She moved back so Samantha could enter.

“Wow. What a gorgeous dress,” Samantha said, crossing the room to where Vivian stood.

“Thank you. I know this is your honeymoon and I appreciate all your help.”

She waved Vivian off. “Girl, please. It was my pleasure. I hope you don’t mind, but Tony shared some of your family’s history and a special part of the day is having your father walk you down the aisle.”

Emotion gripped Vivian. “My father and I aren’t close, so even if he wasn’t in jail, I’d have no one to do it.”

“Well, if you’re like me, it’s every girl’s dream. I took the liberty of asking my father if he minded performing his duty one more time and he said he’d be honored.”

Her hand flew to her mouth. “Oh, Samantha. I can’t begin to tell you how much this means to me.”

“It’s the least I can do. You and Mariah sacrificed closing your shop for several days to make sure my day was perfect. Also, I’ve enjoyed getting to know you and look forward to continuing our friendship when we get back home. I need a couple of new girlfriends to hang out with.”

Vivian didn’t know what to say. She’d lost one friend and stood to gain another one. “I’d like that.”

“So would I,” Mariah said.

“Dad was preparing to attend the ceremony so he’s already dressed. I’ll go let him know and we’ll be back. Showtime in thirty minutes.” Samantha did a little shimmy out the door.

“Looks like we hit the jackpot with this trip,” Mariah said.

Vivian nodded. “I forgot to tell you Dawn left me a note apologizing. She went back home.”

“She did? I’m surprised. Well, I’m still mad at her, so I don’t know if I’m ready to forgive her just yet.”

“Yeah, I hear you, but I hope I can one day.” She blinked back tears. They fell quiet.

“Okay, okay, this is supposed to be one of the happiest days of your life. No more crying.”

She laughed through her tears. “Lord knows I’ve shed enough tears in the last few days to end the drought.”

Thirty minutes later, on the arm of Mr. Green, Vivian walked out to the same gazebo to meet Devin. Mariah had made her favorite all-white bouquet, but exchanged the white rhinestones for blue ones because Mariah insisted that Vivian have something blue. Mariah had also let Vivian “borrow” her new white sandals adorned with crystals.

“You take my breath away,” Devin said when she reached him.

She gave him a shy smile then focused her attention on the minister.

“I’ve just been informed that Devin would like to recite his own words.”

Her gaze flew to Devin’s. His own words? He’d never said anything about them writing their own vows.

Devin reached for her hand. “My promise to you is simple, Princess—to love and cherish you, to walk beside you and fulfill your every need. No matter what we face, trust and believe that I will be there to protect you. I will pick you up when you fall and lift you higher so you can soar. I will be your lover and your best friend. Your heart will become my heart, and mine yours. I was made to love you and only you until the end of time.”

A fresh sheen of tears misted her eyes as she listened to his impassioned words. The minister nodded her way when Devin finished. Vivian had no idea what to say, but spoke from her heart. “For a long time, I was afraid I’d never have a love so sweet, so amazing. But, you’ve made me a believer and I’m not afraid anymore. I promise to stand by your side through whatever life’s challenges we may face and I will fight for us. You are my lover and my best friend, and I will nurture and protect our love. From this moment on, I promise to love you with all that I am. I’ll be loving you, and only you, for always.”

They exchanged rings and turned to the minister.

“There is nothing left to say except I now pronounce you husband and wife. Devin, you may kiss your bride.”

Devin’s mouth locked on hers before the minister could finish the words. His tongue swept through her mouth, igniting a blaze that had every nerve in her body on fire.

“Damn, Dev. Save some of that for the bedroom,” she heard Tony say.

He finally lifted his head and a wolfish grin spread across his lips, one that needed no interpretation. Vivian’s nipples hardened beneath her gown and her clit throbbed.



Devin lay sated next to Vivian after an intense round of lovemaking “I can’t believe you put me on lockdown for the last two days,” he grumbled. After his proposal, she had suggested the two day separation to make their coming together again more special. Not to mention they each had a thousand things to do.

Vivian laughed softly. “You seemed to have made up for lost time. Too bad we only have another day or two to enjoy paradise. I wish we could stay here a while longer.”

“We’re not going home until next Wednesday. My reservation is for two weeks.”

A huge smile formed on her face. “Are you serious? I need to change my flight.”

She made a move to leave the bed, but Devin didn’t release her. “You can change it tomorrow.”

“I guess you’re right.” she said with a giggle. “I’ll have to see if Mariah can run the shop for a few days without me.”

“I’m sure she’ll be fine,” he murmured. He idly stroked her hair while thinking about how surprised his family would be. His mom would initially be upset because she hadn’t been here to witness it, but beyond excited because, in her mind, it meant more grandchildren. Erik, on the other hand, was going to be pissed. Now, all their mother’s matchmaking attention would be focused on him. Devin chuckled.

“What’s so funny?”

“Just thinking about my family and how surprised they’ll be.”

“Oh.”

He heard the note of sadness in her voice. “I know you’re worried about your family. Don’t be.” He planned to deal with her brother on his own terms. Devin dropped a kiss in her hair. “My mother is going to be ecstatic about having another daughter.” He felt her smile against his chest. His cell phone buzzed on the nightstand and he groaned.

“It might be important,” Vivian said, chuckling.

“It better be,” he muttered, reaching for it. He quickly clicked on the button when he saw it was from Janae: I’ve been waiting for an update… Devin rolled his eyes. His heart had nearly jumped into his throat because he thought something was wrong with the baby. “Give me your left hand, Viv.”

“Why?” She sat up and gave him a puzzled look, but did what he asked.

He snapped a picture of their hands showing the wedding bands and sent the text to Janae.

Vivian playfully slapped at his shoulder. “You are so not right, Devin.”

He shrugged. “She asked for an update.” His cell buzzed again and he showed Vivian the message: SCREAMING WITH EXCITEMENT!!! They both laughed. When he finally stopped laughing, he sent a reply: Don’t get too excited. Remember the baby. Oh, and tell Donovan good luck with Miss Ellie, or he’d better hurry up and find his own woman.

Devin tossed the phone on the nightstand and drew Vivian into his arms. He had his woman, his heart. And as he told her earlier, he was made to love only her until the end of time.





The End





ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS


To My Heavenly Father, thank you for loving me unconditionally.





To my very own hero, Lance Lister, I love you more than you’ll ever know. Thank you for your continued love and unwavering support.





To my beautiful daughters, Brandi, Maia and Riana, I love you. You make me proud to be your mom.





To my family and friends, thank you for your love, encouragement and support.





A special thank you to florist, Cathy Hodel, for answering my questions about flowers, and for always knowing what arrangements I want, even before I ask.





A very special thank you to my agent, Sarah E. Younger and Natanya Wheeler. I appreciate you more than words can say.





DEAR READER


Dear Reader,





You met Devin Simms in my debut novel, Just To Be With You, as one of the heroine’s overprotective brothers. He and Vivian Michaels mad a cameo appearance at the end, but a lot has transpired over the past two years to tear them apart. When they end up on the beautiful island of Jamaica at the same time, sparks fly.





Both find it hard to resist the call of love, but who doesn’t? Vivian has gone through great lengths to protect Devin and herself, but the one thing she can’t protect is her heart from the truth. It was a joy to watch these two find their way back to each other, and I hope you enjoy their journey as much as I did.



Up next is my September 2015 Kimani title, It’s Only You. I’ve included an excerpt at the end of this book, as well as those of my other titles.





I always enjoy hearing from readers, so drop me a line at sheryllister@gmail.com. You can also find me at the following:





Website: www.sheryllister.com





Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/sheryllisterauthor





Twitter: @1slynne





Until next time, love and blessings!



Sheryl





IT’S ONLY YOU Excerpt





Chapter 1



“Simona, Dr. Harris has been looking for you.”

Simona Andrews barely stifled an eye roll. She had been on her feet for ten hours in the hospital’s emergency room and was too tired to deal with Dr. Harris’ antics tonight. “Why? There are several other nurses on duty.”

“True, but you’re the only one on tonight with pediatric experience,” the other nurse answered.

“Where is he?”

“Exam room four.”

“Thanks,” Simona called over her shoulder, increasing her pace. She hoped the good doctor really had a patient this time. Then she heard the crying—well, screaming actually—from two doors away.

“Thank God,” Dr. Harris muttered when he looked up and saw her enter. “Ms. Andrews, Thomas here is a victim of little brother syndrome.”

He placed a subtle hand on her back, and she immediately moved out of his reach. “Hi, Thomas.”

The doctor quickly explained that the child’s mother had brought the two year-old into the hospital’s emergency room when he wouldn’t stop crying and couldn’t move his right arm. Further questioning revealed that the woman’s teenaged son had been swinging Thomas around in circles by his wrists, resulting in Thomas’ right shoulder dislocating.

Simona moved closer to the table where Thomas sat crying, shaking his head and clinging to his mother. She knew the doctor could easily maneuver the joint back into place, but not without some pain to the child. She produced a small stuffed tiger from her pocket and extended it to him. He stared at it for a lengthy moment then reached out to touch it. Gradually, his tears stopped.

“Does your arm hurt?” she asked softly.

He nodded, and his lip began quivering again.

She pointed to the tiger. “That’s why I brought you my special friend. I think his name is the same as yours—Thomas the Tiger—and he helps little boys be brave when they get hurt. Would you like to hold him?”

He looked down at the tiger then back up at her as if trying to decide whether Simona was telling the truth. Finally he nodded again and took it from her outstretched hand.

Simona smiled. “Now, Dr. Harris is going to fix your arm, but it might hurt a little, so Thomas the Tiger is going to stay right in your arms to help you be brave. Is that okay?”

He glanced at the doctor, back to Simona and then laid his head against his mother.

She caught the doctor’s eye, and he maneuvered closer to the little boy’s injured shoulder. While she told Thomas stories of the tiger’s adventures with other little children, Dr. Harris worked quickly. Thomas winced and let out a small whimper, but by then the doctor had finished and stepped back.

“Wow, Thomas. You did a great job,” Simona praised. “You didn’t even cry.”

He gave her a shy smile.

“You’re such a big boy,” his mother said, kissing his forehead. “Thank you, doctor.”

“No problem, Mrs. Peters.” He gave her some precautions and patted Thomas on the knee.

“And thank you, Ms. Andrews. I don’t think my baby would’ve let the doctor touch him if you hadn’t been here. You even calmed me down,” Mrs. Peters added with a chuckle.

Simona smiled and gently stroked Thomas’ back. “You’re welcome. Take care, Thomas and no more human airplanes.” He reached for Simona, catching her off guard, and she hugged the toddler.

His mother stared. “I can’t believe it. He never goes to strangers. You must be a baby whisperer, Ms. Andrews.”

“I’ve said the same thing,” Dr. Harris murmured.

Ignoring the doctor, she laughed. “I don’t know about that, Mrs. Peters, but I love children.”

“Do you have any children of your own?”

“No. But I’m a proud aunt.”

“Well, you’re going to make a terrific mother someday.”

“I couldn’t agree more,” the doctor chimed in with a gleam in his eyes that went well beyond professional.

She sent a warning look his way, then turned back. “Thank you, Mrs. Peters. Let me show you to the discharge area.”

Dr. Harris chuckled. “Have a good evening, Mrs. Peters, and take care, Thomas.”

Glaring at him over her shoulder, Simona ushered Mrs. Peters out before she could ask any more personal questions.

“Is my son going to be okay?” the woman asked nervously as they walked out.

She smiled reassuringly. “Your son will be fine, Mrs. Peters, but please make sure you tell your other children not to swing Thomas by his arms. As the doctor said, at this age his joints have not completely developed and it’s easy for them to slip out.”

“Thank you, I will. Believe me, if I see one of them so much as tug on Thomas’s arm, they’re going to be the ones in the emergency room.” She shook her head. “I’ve told them over and over to quit swinging him around. Wait until I get home,” she fussed. She cradled Thomas against her shoulder and stroked his back lovingly while avoiding his injured side.

After leaving the woman with the discharge clerk, Simona headed back to the nurse’s station still seething. Doctor Lionel Harris had been coming on to her since she started working at the hospital, taking every opportunity to make suggestive comments. He had even gone so far as to lure her into an empty treatment room under the guise of needing assistance with a patient. At thirty-six, he had been featured on the covers of several magazines and was a sought-after lecturer for his knowledge of emergency medicine. Combined with his charm and good looks, he’d be the perfect guy for some woman—just not her. But for some reason, he couldn’t take no for an answer.

Simona had relocated to Los Angeles from Oakland a year ago to escape the drama that had become her life, and she had no desire to hook up with someone as famous as Dr. Harris and have her relationship play out for all to see. And that would be exactly what would happen if she—a nurse—started dating one of the most attractive doctors on staff. Had it not been for her grandmother, she might have moved clear across the country after breaking up with her ex. LA was close enough to Nana, but big enough to get lost in. Now, she only wanted to do her job and go home—no drama and no men.

“Hey, Simona. What are you doing here? I thought you were off at seven.”

“Hey, Phyllis. I was supposed to be, but Annette called in sick and Dr. Cortez asked if I’d cover the first four hours. Betty is covering the rest of the shift. Then I’m off until Tuesday morning.”

Phyllis nodded. “Lucky you. One hour to go. Right before all the heavy weekend drama starts.”

The weekends were always busy in the emergency room—more parties and drinking often translated to more fights and accidents. Simona was glad to be off.

Another nurse rushed over to them and clutched Simona’s arm. “Oh, my God!” she whispered excitedly. “You’re never going to guess who’s here in the hospital.”

“Who?” Phyllis asked.

“Monte. I think his wife is having a baby. He is sooo fine, and his music…” She sighed dreamily.

Simona stared at the young nurse, whose name she couldn’t remember, and shook her head. She’d heard of the popular R&B singer and producer, and owned a few of his CDs, but had no idea he had a wife or that she was expecting a baby.

“We should go up and see if we can get his autograph. I have all his CDs.”

Simona glanced down at the woman’s badge. “No, we shouldn’t, Alyssa,” she said firmly. “What we should do is allow the man to have some privacy. This is a hospital, not a concert venue. How about displaying a little professionalism?” People not respecting other’s privacy topped the list of Simona’s pet peeves.

Alyssa had the decency to look embarrassed…for about five seconds. “It’s just a little autograph. Geez, lighten up.”

Simona was poised to give Alyssa a blistering retort, but the sound of sirens interrupted whatever she had planned to say. She and Phyllis shared a look and rushed off with Alyssa trailing them.



Donovan Wright pushed through the hospital doors and went to the front desk. “Can you tell me what floor maternity is on?”

“Fourth,” the older woman behind the desk answered with a smile. “Is this your first?”

His heart clenched. “It’s not mine. I’m here for a friend.”

“Oh. I just thought…well, a handsome guy like you should have no problem finding a wife.”

He smiled, thanked her then sauntered off toward the elevators, his loafers echoing loudly on the highly polished floors.

As he waited for the elevator, he pondered the woman’s statement. No problem finding a wife? Yeah. Right. Donovan stepped in when the doors opened, pushed the button for the fourth floor and leaned his head back against the wall. Closing his eyes, he exhaled deeply. He was exhausted. With Terrence out of the office for the past week, Donovan had been working sixteen-hour days at the record company just to keep up. As the Executive Vice President of RC Productions, he oversaw most of the departments and had managed the music career of Terrence—who used the stage name Monte—for the past decade, along with one other group at the record label. He’d been up to his eyeballs scheduling tour dates, negotiating fees, going over contracts and meeting with the various entities. If not for his two assistants, he would, more than likely, still be sitting at his desk despite the fact that it was nine-thirty. Two years ago, both he and Terrence worked long hours at the record company Terrence started. With Terrence taking on the role of CEO and producer, and working on his own music, they’d had no choice. But since Terrence and Janae married, his friend made a point of not staying late as often as he used to. Now, with the new baby, Donovan wondered if Terrence would be working even less, and if they would need to hire another executive just to keep up.

The elevator doors opened on the fourth floor and he followed the signs to the nurse’s station. Before he could ask, Donovan spotted Terrence and met him halfway. He brought Terrence in for a one-armed hug.

“What’s up man? The baby here yet?”

“Hey, D. Not yet,” Terrence answered.

“You look exhausted. How’s Janae holding up?”

“It’s been over eight hours, and I know she’s in a lot of pain, but she refuses to take anything. She wants to do this naturally.” He scrubbed a hand over his head. “I feel so helpless.”

Donovan clapped him on the shoulder. “Well, hopefully it won’t be much longer. What are the doctors saying?”

“They just checked her and said she’s eight centimeters dilated, so I’m praying it won’t be much longer. I was on my way to the waiting room to tell my grandparents before I go back in.”

“They’re here?” Donovan asked, following Terrence.

“You know they’ll be here all night, if necessary. They’re more excited than we are.”

Donovan laughed. “I can imagine.”

Terrence’s grandparents had been his only family until he married Janae. Both were in their seventies, but rose swiftly when the two men entered.

“Is my great-grandbaby here yet?” Terrence’s grandmother asked.

“Not yet, Grandma.” He told her the same thing he’d told Donovan.

“Hi, Donovan. I didn’t expect to see you here tonight. Terrence told me about all the late hours you’ve been working.”

“Hey, Grandma. You know I had to be here for the birth of my first godchild.” Donovan leaned down to kiss her cheek. He extended his hand to Terrence’s grandfather. “How’s it going, Mr. Campbell?”

“Can’t complain.”

“I need to get back,” Terrence said.

“I’ll wait here with your grandparents, T. Give Janae my best.”

“I will,” he called over his shoulder, hurrying off.

Donovan sprawled out on a loveseat, dangling his legs over the armrest. He spent a few minutes catching up with the grandparents then asked, “How long have you two been here?”

“About four hours,” Mr. Campbell answered.

“Let’s hope it won’t be much longer,” Grandma said. “I’m so glad Terrence found someone to share his life with. You know, Donovan, if my stubborn, commitment-phobic grandson can find a wife, I’m certain you can too,” she added casually.

Uh-oh. “I’ve been too busy to even think about a relationship.”

“Well, no time like the present to slow down and smell a few roses. Don’t you think? What happened to the young lady you were seeing a while back? She came with you to one or two of the barbeques. The two of you seemed quite serious and I thought for sure there’d be wedding bells in your future.”

Donovan leaned back, closed his eyes and frowned at the mention of his ex-girlfriend. Rolonda Evans had committed, what he considered, an unpardonable sin—she’d betrayed his trust in so many ways. In his mind, no trust equaled no relationship. “We broke up a long time ago.”

“Hmm, so you haven’t found someone else?”

“No ma’am.” And he hadn’t been looking. He sincerely prayed this birth wouldn’t take long. Miss Ellie was worse than his mother. Since his mother lived far from LA, he could dodge her easily. Not so much with Terrence’s grandmother. However, now that his small circle of friends had all married, lately he was starting to feel like a fifth wheel.

“Ellie, quit badgering the boy,” Mr. Campbell said with a chuckle.

She shrugged. “He calls me Grandma, and that gives me privileges.”

Had he known Eleanor Campbell’s sweet offer to call her Grandma came with privileges, he would have refused it in a heartbeat and run in the opposite direction. Maybe it wasn’t too late to go back to Mrs. Campbell or Miss Ellie.

“One of the ladies in my yoga class mentioned that her great-niece had just moved to the city. I saw a picture, and she’s absolutely gorgeous. I think she’s around thirty—”

Donovan sat up abruptly, swung his legs around and jumped up. “Um, Miss Ellie…”

She laughed. “So, we’re back to Miss Ellie, huh? All right. I’ll leave you alone for now.” Miss Ellie pointed a finger his way. “But you need a wife.”

Before he could form a response, Terrence burst through the door.

“We have a baby girl,” Terrence announced with tears in his eyes. “A beautiful five-pound, three ounce baby girl.”

“Oh, my,” Miss Ellie cried.

“Congratulations, son.” Mr. Campbell engulfed Terrence in a bear hug.

“Congratulations, T,” Donovan added. “How are mom and baby?”

“Janae is understandably exhausted, but she’s good. They’re checking the baby now. Since she’s almost a month early, they want to be sure nothing is wrong. But my girl has a set of lungs already. I think she’s gonna sing with her daddy,” Terrence said proudly. “Let me get back. I’ll come get you guys in a little while.”

Forty-five minutes later, Terrence escorted the trio to Janae’s room. Donovan hung back to allow Terrence’s grandparents some time with their new great-granddaughter.

“Donovan, come meet your goddaughter,” Janae said.

He approached the bed, leaned down and placed a kiss on Janae’s cheek. “Congratulations, Mama. She’s a beauty. Thank goodness she takes after you and not Terrence,” he joked.

They all laughed, then Terrence said, “Don’t mess around and get your godfather card revoked in the first hour.”

Janae handed him the baby. “Say hello to Nadia Elise Campbell.”

Donovan gently cradled the tiny bundle against his chest. He placed a soft kiss on her forehead. “Hey, Nadia. I’m your Uncle Donovan. You and I are going to have so much fun together.” He dug his cell out of his pocket and handed it to Terrence. “Get a shot of me with my little goddaughter. Oh, and take a couple extras. You know Mrs. Lewis will have my head if I show up Monday morning without pictures.” Mrs. Lewis was Terrence’s secretary and the older woman loved Terrence like a son.

“No lie.” Terrence laughed, snapped a few pictures and handed the phone back.

Donovan pocketed the phone and adjusted the baby in his arms. She opened her eyes, stretched and then closed her eyes again. Emotions unlike anything he had ever felt engulfed him and he couldn’t stop staring at the petite baby with a head full of dark curls framing her small face.

“You okay, D?” Terrence asked.

Donovan blinked back the tears clouding his vision, lifted his head and met Terrence’s scrutinizing gaze. “Yeah, man.” He transferred Nadia to her father.

“We’ve known each other a long time and I know something’s up. This isn’t the first time I’ve noticed it,” he whispered.

Donovan ignored the comment. “Does Karen know Nadia came a little early?”

Terrence raised a brow, but didn’t press. “No. She and Damian are finally taking their honeymoon cruise.” Karen was Janae’s best friend. She’d gotten married several months earlier, but due to her job as an elementary school principal, they’d postponed the honeymoon until after the school year ended.

Donovan took a quick peek at his watch. “It’s after eleven o’clock. I need to get out of here. I have an early morning telephone conference.”

“Is everything okay?”

“Fine. You just concentrate on your family. We’ll take care of the office.”

“I know. Thanks, man. I’ll call you.”

Donovan said his goodbyes, trekked back to the elevator and rode the four floors down. He rounded the corner and crossed the lobby, noting that the front desk was now empty. As he reached the entrance he saw a sign indicating he would have to exit through Emergency. Changing directions, he shoved his hands in his pockets and started toward the other exit. His mind went back to his goddaughter. He hadn’t expected the riot of emotions that swirled in his gut when he held Nadia. As hard as he tried to keep the distant memories from surfacing, they came anyway. He inhaled deeply and forced them down. Out of the corner of his eye, movement caught his attention, interrupting his thoughts. Then he heard a woman’s startled cry. Donovan took off at a dead run.

He caught the falling woman around the waist with one arm and helped the other person steady the tumbling coffee cart with his free hand. He registered the searing pain as his arm snagged the edge of the cart and hot coffee spilled over his forearm.

“Oh, my goodness! I’m so sorry.” The young woman pushing the cart snatched up the remaining carafes, trying to keep them from falling to the floor with the other two.

Donovan jerked his arm back and grimaced. “It’s okay.”

She rushed off and pushed through the door into what he assumed was the ladies room.

He turned to the woman in his embrace. “Are you all right?”

She nodded, but her trembling body told a different story. He instinctively pulled her closer. “It’s okay. You’re safe now.” She released a deep sigh and moved closer, burying her head in his chest. The way she clung to him stirred something deep inside him. I was just keeping her from being knocked down, he quickly told himself.

“I guess I wasn’t watching where I was going,” she finally said.

Adrenaline still pumped through his veins, his heart hadn’t returned to a normal pace and the pain in his arm was increasing. Yet, none of it erased the strange feelings evoked by holding this woman in his arms. Pushing them aside, he rationalized that they were probably due to the excitement of the evening—the birth of his first godchild—and pure exhaustion. Nothing more.

***





JUST TO BE WITH YOU Excerpt


Chapter 1



“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this,” Janae Simms muttered.

“Oh, please.” Her friend, Karen Morris, waved her off. “You can’t tell me you’re not a little bit excited about seeing Monte in concert?”

She sighed. “His music is nice, but you’re the one who has all of his CDs. And, I don’t know why, if the concert is tonight, we need to spend the entire weekend in San Francisco. Seems like you should have brought your boyfriend instead of me.”

“Andre is working and it’s not like you have anything else to do.”

“I have a ton of lesson plans to do.”

“So do I, but you need to see outside sometimes—and I mean someplace other than that elementary school playground. Now, repeat after me. I’m going to have a good time.”

Janae rolled her eyes. She turned back to see Karen still waiting. “Fine. I’m going to have a good time,” she grumbled. They continued walking towards the jazz club.

Karen shook her head and laughed. “Girl, we’re going to have a ball.”

“Where are we sitting?”

Karen wiggled her eyebrows. “You’ll see.”

They passed a line of people waiting to enter and went inside. “Shouldn’t we get in line, Karen?”

“No. Our tickets are for reserved seating. That line is for those with general seating tickets. I wanted us to get a real good seat.”

She waited while Karen gave her name to the attendant at the ‘will call’ desk. He located and handed her their tickets. Janae had only been to the jazz club once, but liked the intimate feeling. The floor level featured three rows of tables for four, while the upper levels had a choice of tables or booths. Even the balcony seating offered great views. There wasn’t a bad seat in the house.

“Enjoy the show,” he said.

When they entered the seating area, Janae stopped short, surprised to see that they had floor seats in the second row, dead center. No more than ten feet separated them from the stage. “Um, Karen, these seats are kind of close to the stage, don’t you think?”

“Of, course. Girl, I want to be close enough to that fine man to see his sweat. Monte is a walking chocolate fantasy.”

She chuckled at the description, but Karen did have a point. Monte would be an excellent fantasy man, which is where she decided men belonged. In fantasies, hearts didn’t get broken—something she would never let happen to her again.

Janae scanned the crowded room. Efficient staff moved through throngs of people serving food and drinks, as music poured through hidden speakers, and animated chatter filled the air. The lights went down, and as soon as he hit the stage, Monte’s voice immediately captivated her. Whether one of his sexy ballads or an up-tempo number like the current song, the man’s smooth baritone stirred something deep within her. She closed her eyes, nodding in time with the beat as he sang song after song.

Karen tapped her excitedly. “He’s getting ready to come down into the audience.”

“What?” Janae’s eyes snapped open. She glanced up in time to see Monte exit the stage through a door on the left side and watched as women stood from their tables and tried to gyrate their bodies against his when he passed. He smiled and shook some hands, but didn’t linger. As he neared their table, Karen pulled Janae up from the chair.

“Here he comes.” Karen stretched out her hand then screamed when he reached out to touch it.

Since Karen held on to her arm, Janae couldn’t sit; but hoped the sexy singer would keep going.

Nope, no such luck. Instead, he actually stopped in front of her, reached down to bring her hand to his lips. The moment he touched her, electric shocks shot up her arm and through her body. Her gaze flew to his and she snatched her hand back. His eyes widened. She thought she saw surprise cross his features, but it was gone so fast, she might have imagined it. She glanced around to see if anyone had noticed what happened, but Karen was still swooning. As for the other couple at their table, the guy was too busy trying to pull his screaming date back down into the chair to notice her. Janae dropped into the chair then stared down at her still tingling hand. Clenching her fist, she willed the sensations to stop.

Maybe she was crazy. Maybe she only imagined the spark. Right? She chanced a glimpse in his direction as he walked back toward the stage door and, as if he sensed her perusal, he stopped to glance over his shoulder. His eyes locked with hers for a brief moment and something unnamed passed between them. Something within his dark, magnetic gaze pulled her in and wouldn’t let go. She shook her head to clear it, but couldn’t resist another peek. He stopped to talk to someone for a moment, nodded in her direction then climbed back on the stage.

He sang another song, a beautiful ballad about a love worth waiting for. Although she enjoyed the lyrics, she knew only few people were fortunate enough to find that kind of love. As soon as the last note faded away, the man she’d seen Monte talking to came out onto the stage.

“Is everybody enjoying the show so far?” Thunderous applause and screams followed. He waited a few seconds before continuing. “Tonight, we have a special treat. At the conclusion of the show, two of you will be invited backstage to meet the band and get autographs and pictures with Monte.” More shouts followed, as did a drum roll. He shook the bag in his hand then pulled out a slip of paper. “The lucky winners are seated at table fourteen, seats C and D. At the end of the show, please proceed to the door at the left of the stage and present your ticket stubs.”

Karen screamed again. Janae thought she’d really gone around the bend this time.

“Janae, did you hear that? Two people are going backstage after the show.”

“Yeah, okay. Calm down. People are staring,” Janae whispered, glancing around.

“Girl, didn’t you hear the table and seats?” She took the ticket stub out of her purse. “Look. We’re the ones going backstage.”

Janae gasped sharply, whipped her head around to find Monte’s eyes waiting. A slight grin curved his mouth. She arched an eyebrow. By the time the concert ended, she was a nervous wreck. Her palms had dampened and her heart thundered in her chest. How in the world could she get through another encounter with him? Never had she felt such sensations from a simple touch in her entire life. Karen, on the other hand, couldn’t stop bouncing in her seat.

“Ooh, I can’t wait to be up close and personal with Monte. Rich milk chocolate skin, dark brown eyes that seem like they can see clear to your soul, sexy, full lips framed by that goatee. And let’s not forget that X-rated body—over six feet of rock…hard…muscle. Can you imagine what it would feel like to run your hands all over that body?”

“Um, Karen, what about Andre? You know, your boyfriend.”

Karen waved a dismissive hand. “Let’s go. The crowd is emptying out.”

Janae sighed, but followed her to the side door where the same man who made the announcement greeted them.

He checked their ticket stubs then smiled. “Please, come in. My name is Donovan Wright.” He shook their hands then gestured them up the steps where he introduced them to the band members and, finally, to Monte.

Following Karen’s lead, Janae politely shook each of their hands, but when it came time to shake Monte’s hand, she hesitated. Go ahead girl and shake the man’s hand. It was probably just a fluke, she chastised herself. As soon as their hands touched, she felt it again. She tried to pull her hand back, but he tightened his grip.

The way he stared at her confirmed that, one, she hadn’t imagined the electricity between them, and two, he felt it, also—it was as real as the man standing in front of her.

“It’s nice to meet you, Miss?”

“Simms. Janae Simms,” she answered softly.

“Janae. I like that.” He gestured to two chairs. “Why don’t you ladies have a seat?”

The band members drifted out to the restaurant area until only Donovan remained. “I’m going to get a drink from the bar. Can I get you ladies something?” he asked.

Janae declined.

“Actually, I have to go to the ladies room, so I’ll follow you out. Be right back, Janae,” Karen said.

Janae noted the amusement on her friend’s face. Her eyes offered a silent plea, but Karen merely smiled then sailed out behind Donovan. Her gaze swept over the small space crowded with instruments, cases and wires. When she turned back, Monte sat studying her as if he were trying to figure something out.

He leaned back in his chair, stroked his goatee and stared at her so long she became uncomfortable. She shifted in her seat. “Do you do this often?”

He continued to stare.

“Maybe I should be flattered or something, but I’m not some groupie.” She stood, adding softly, “This was a bad idea. I think I should go.”

He jumped up from his chair. “Wait,” he said, coming to stand in front of her. “No, I don’t.”

“Excuse me?”

“You asked if I do this often. I’m assuming you meant invite women backstage. The answer is no. In fact, I’ve never, ever done this before.”

“As popular as you are, you really expect me to believe that?”

“Honestly. I’ve never liked the groupie scene, so no one has ever been allowed back here in all the eight years I’ve been touring. We do all of the signings in the lobby.”

“Why now?”

He covered her hand with his. She immediately felt the warmth again.

“This is why.”

Janae gasped softly, her hand trembling in his. Why did this happen now and with this particular man? She tried to get her hand back but, like the other time, he wouldn’t let go.

“You feel this don’t you?”

“No…I...yes.” Janae gently extricated her hand from his then took several steps backward. Being close to him short-circuited her brain and she needed to think. Hadn’t she decided that men were only good for fantasies? He would definitely fit right in…okay he would top the fantasy list. But that was all this could be—a really, really nice fantasy. No way would she allow herself to get caught up in a man like him who probably had women by the dozen. Besides, as a teacher, the last thing she needed was a parent seeing her face splashed across a tabloid under some crazy heading like, “Teacher Caught in Threesome with Popular Music Star.”

He closed the distance between them. “Janae?”

When she glanced up at him, something flashed in his eyes and, before she could blink, he covered her mouth in an explosive kiss that stole her breath and weakened her knees. She was totally unprepared for the feel of his mouth on hers. The kiss was gentle, but infused with a passion and need she didn’t understand. Suddenly, a longing she’d never experienced took over her body. She pulled away sharply. “I…I have to…go.”

“No, don’t go.” He scrubbed a hand down his face. “I’m sorry. Please. Stay.”

She eyed him warily and clutched her chest, trying to control her runaway heart.

“Please. I just want to talk. Sit down, okay?”

Janae sat. He wisely took the chair farthest from her. She kept making furtive glances toward the door, hoping to see Karen so they could leave. An awkward silence settled over the room.

He cleared his throat. “So, Ms. Simms, I couldn’t help but notice your necklace. An apple? It’s very unique.”

“It was a gift from one of my students. I teach an elementary special education class,” she answered with a nervous smile.

“That must be challenging. What grade?”

“Fourth and fifth grades, and yes, it can be very challenging, but I love it.”

“Do you live here in San Francisco?”

“No, about an hour and a half away in San Jose. Where do you live?”

“Los Angeles.”

Before he could ask her another question, Karen returned with Donovan trailing behind her. Finally.

“Did you get your CD autographed yet, Janae?” Karen asked, reclaiming her seat.

“We hadn’t gotten around to that yet,” Monte answered. “Janae told me about her teaching. Do you teach, Ms. Morris?” He accepted the cup of tea from Donovan. “Thanks.”

“Yes, fourth grade. We teach at the same school.”

Janae retrieved the CD booklet from one of Monte’s projects out of her purse. “It’s getting late, Karen. We should let Monte sign our CDs and leave. I’m sure he’s tired.” She held out the booklet.

Monte took the booklet, smiling knowingly. “Ms. Simms mentioned you live in San Jose. Are you ladies driving back tonight?”

“Goodness, no,” Karen said. “We’re staying the entire weekend.”

“Any big plans?” he asked after taking a sip of his tea.

“Nothing really big,” Karen said. “We’ll hit Ghirardelli Square, Pier 39, and maybe do one of the sunset cruises.

Janae listened as Karen excitedly shared their plans. Monte smiled between sips of his tea.

“Sounds like a good time,” he said. “I’ve been to San Francisco several times, but never stayed here long enough to go sightseeing. A sunset cruise might be fun.”

“Don’t you have another show tomorrow?” Janae asked. She needed to get away from this man—fast—and didn’t want him getting any ideas.

A slow grin made its way across his face. “As a matter of fact, that was my last show for the next three weeks. I’m due for a little R&R.” He set his cup down. “I have a great idea. Would you ladies like some company tomorrow? Donovan and I would love to explore the city with you…that is, if your significant others don’t mind.”

“Hey, that sounds great,” Karen said. “That’s definitely not a problem for me.”

Monte stared intently at Janae. “What about your boyfriend, Ms. Simms?”

“I don’t have a boyfriend,” she answered, holding his gaze.

“Great. What time should we meet? We can come to your hotel.” When they finished making plans, Monte reached in his bag and pulled out a pen. “Let me sign your CDs so you can get going. It’s getting pretty late.”

Janae hopped up. “I agree.” He signed the one she’d brought and she stuck it back in her purse.

Karen whipped out the booklets for all six CDs.

Janae rolled her eyes. Monte laughed as he signed each one.

“What? If I’m going to see the man, I might as well get them all signed,” Karen said with her hands planted on her hips.

“It’s okay. I don’t mind.” Monte handed them back.

“Don’t we get pictures, too?” Karen asked, holding up her phone.

Janae groaned inwardly.

“Most definitely. Donovan, would you please do the honors?”

“Sure.” Donovan took the phone. “Ms. Simms, would you like to give me your phone or camera?”

Janae handed her phone to him reluctantly.

“All right. I’ll take one of you both with Monte on each phone then take an individual shot on your respective phones. Will that work?”

They nodded then went to stand next to Monte. Janae pasted a smile on her face, hoping it looked genuine. She was fine until it came time for her to take a picture with Monte alone, especially when he moved his body closer to her and tossed his own phone to Donovan.

“Ooh, this is going to be a good one, girl,” Karen cooed, snapping the picture on her phone.

Once they finished taking pictures, Monte and Donovan insisted on walking them to their car. Monte stood so close to her while walking, Janae could feel the heat emanating from his body. She quickened her strides. When they finally reached the car, she promptly got in, released a shaky breath then gave a tiny wave as they backed out of the lot.

“All right, girl. You’ve got some ’splaining to do,” Karen said as she drove them to the hotel.

“What’re you talking about?”

“Please don’t insult my intelligence. I want to know what’s going on between you and Mr. Chocolate Fantasy. And don’t say it’s nothing. I saw the way he looked at you. Why do you think I tried to give you two a minute?”

“I don’t know, but whatever game he’s interested in playing, I’ll pass. Besides, I’ve sworn off men. He’s a millionaire music mogul and can have any woman he wants. What could he possibly see in a schoolteacher? I hope he doesn’t think I’m some little groupie he can have a weekend fling with and then go about his merry way.” Janae frowned. “And then you had to go and invite him to spend tomorrow with us.”

“Sorry, but I wasn’t passing up what might be my only chance to hang out with someone who’s famous. And why couldn’t he be attracted to a schoolteacher? Contrary to what you believe, I don’t think he sees you as a groupie. As a matter of fact, from everything I’ve read about him or seen, he doesn’t really do the whole groupie scene. He’s never been linked to any scandals, baby mama drama or anything. Besides, it’s time for you to come out of hiding. Not all men are jerks like Carter and Lawrence.”

“I know that,” she snapped.

“Good. Then give Monte a chance.” She shrugged. “If he acts like a jerk, we can toss him off the Golden Gate Bridge.”

“You’re a mess. What would I do without you?”

“Possibly miss your love connection.”

Janae grunted. “Whatever.”



As soon as the car pulled off, Donovan rounded on him. “Okay, Terrence, what the hell is going on with you? It’s a good thing no one asked to look in that bag. It would’ve been hard to explain why there was only one ticket.”

Although Donovan was one of the few people close enough to call him by his first name, he only did so when they were alone. Terrence ‘Monte’ Campbell ran a hand over his close-cropped curly hair and blew out a harsh breath. “I wish I knew, Don.”

“If this is some booty call, you don’t need to spend the entire day with her.”

“It’s not like that, Donovan,” he said through clenched teeth. He pivoted on his heel then stalked off.

Donovan quickly caught up. “Look, I’m sorry. If you say it’s not like that then I believe you. But you’ve never done anything like this before. What happened tonight?”

“I don’t know. When I touched her hand…it was weird…I felt…I don’t know…something.”

Donovan clapped him on the shoulder. “It’s called awareness, a connection, sexual chemistry, or all of the above.”

“That’s the thing. It’s not sexual, not entirely.” For a man who made a living expressing himself through words, Terrence struggled to find them tonight.

“You don’t have to explain, Terrence. I know what you mean and it’s about time.”

“About time for what?”

“For you to find true love.”

“No. That’s not an option. It’s never gonna happen.” Only one woman had walked out of his life and he vowed no other woman would ever cause him that type of pain again.

“If what you’re saying is true, then you need to cancel tomorrow.”

“Why?”

“That little lady doesn’t look like the type who’s into head games. You shouldn’t start something you don’t plan to finish.”

“I have to see her again,” he said absently.

“I know that,” Donovan said softly. “I can see that she’s gotten to you, so there must be something special about her. Do you really want to punish her for something she had nothing to do with?”

“What does that mean?”

“You know how you are—one date and it’s done.”

Terrence scowled over at him, not happy about the insinuation regarding his dating life. Women knew the score up front.

“Take my advice, man. Spend time with her tomorrow and see where it goes. You can’t keep your heart closed off forever.” He clapped him on the shoulder. “Come on. Let’s get packed up so we can get to the hotel. The band’s waiting.”

Terrence nodded. He’d never felt so conflicted in his life. On one hand, Donovan was right and he should at least give it a chance, but on the other, he didn’t know if he was capable of giving or accepting love.

Later, he stood out on the hotel room’s balcony thinking about Janae, still stunned by his reaction to her. He’d felt the current and, when their eyes connected, his gut clenched. In eight years of touring, nothing like this had ever happened—and he’d touched millions of women. Sure he’d experienced moments of lust, but nothing like what happened tonight. It had been difficult to reign in his thoughts and focus on finishing the concert.

This overwhelming need for a woman was foreign to him. He dated when it suited him. Occasionally things progressed to where they’d sleep together, but that’s where it ended. He kept things strictly physical; his emotions did not come into play. What about this particular woman knocked him off balance? When she asked “why her” he debated the best way to explain it to her, but had a hard time, mainly because he couldn’t explain it to himself. Even now, he could still feel the spark of awareness that coursed through him when he touched her hand.

Okay, she was a beauty, with a petite body of a goddess, skin the color of melted caramel, expressive brown eyes, high cheekbones and a pair of lips that made him want to taste them—which he was unable to stop himself from doing. When he kissed her, the tightening in his chest and the range of emotions that flooded his body had shocked him. Thinking back, he’d probably scared her to death. Hell, he’d scared himself. He had no idea what possessed him to kiss her, but now that he had, her taste would haunt him for the rest of his life.

He’d shoved his hands in his pockets when walking her to the car to keep from pulling her in his arms for another kiss. He had no clue how to stop the rampant desire or confusing emotions spreading through his body. By spending tomorrow with Janae, he intended to figure it out.

***





ALL OF ME Excerpt


Chapter 1



Karen Morris stood off to the side in the Sapphire Room, one of the cruise ship’s private dining rooms, smiling as her best friend approached. “Girl, you look so beautiful.” Janae Simms had just exchanged wedding vows with popular R&B artist and producer, Terrence “Monte” Campbell.

Janae smoothed a hand over the bodice of her white chiffon strapless A-line gown with a beaded motif accent at the hip. “Thanks.”

“So, how does it feel to be a married woman?”

“I never thought I’d be this happy.”

“Yeah. If that smile gets any wider, you’ll be competing with the sun.”

Janae giggled and looped her arm in Karen’s. “I’m so glad you’re my friend.”

“Me, too.”

“Come on. You need to help me eat some of my cake. We’ll have a chance to talk more over lunch Monday.”

“Lunch? Aren’t you and Terrence going to be a little busy this week?”

Janae smiled and wiggled her eyebrows. “We’ll be plenty busy, but he has to rehearse for his show that’s on Wednesday night.” He was one of several performers on the weeklong jazz cruise. “So, are we on for lunch?”

“Definitely.”

After she ate small piece of cake, Janae’s brother, Devin, asked Karen to dance. Then she enjoyed dances with Janae’s other two brothers and father. She started toward to her table only to be pulled back to the floor by Donovan Wright, Terrence’s the best man and manager. By the time the short affair concluded, her feet were killing her.

Janae came up behind her. “Karen, we’re leaving now. What time do you want to meet on Monday?”

She grinned and glanced over to where Terrence stood watching them. “Maybe you should be the one to decide. Your new husband looks like he’s ready to eat you up.”

“The feeling is mutual. How about one o’clock?”

“That’ll work. I’ll meet you at the entrance to the buffet.” They spent another minute talking and then Karen said, “Enjoy your wedding night.”

“I plan to,” Janae said with a wink.

Karen smiled and shook her head recalling how the two had met. She had practically dragged Janae to Terrence’s—or Monte, as he was known in the music world—concert. What started as a backstage meet-and-greet after the concert had ended in marital bliss for her friend. She briefly wondered if she would get her own fairy-tale ending, then shoved the thought aside. The only thing I’m focusing on is having a good time for the next week. Good music, good food, fabulous islands…me time.

Janae’s parents and Terrence’s grandparents had elected not to cruise, so Karen stayed behind with Janae’s brothers to see them off. She followed the family back down the hallway leading to the ship’s entrance where they would disembark. As they said their goodbyes, male laughter drew her attention.

She turned to see three men standing nearby engaged in a lively conversation. All three were good-looking, but one in particular piqued her interest. He stood a few inches taller than his companions, with broad shoulders and the muscular build of a professional athlete. Her gaze lingered over his smooth golden brown features—close-cropped dark hair, chiseled jaw and full lips curved in a slight smile. The man was a serious piece of eye candy. Her gaze traveled over his body then back up to his face to find him watching her with quiet intensity. Her heart rate kicked up a notch. Embarrassed that he had caught her staring, she quickly turned away. Moments later, she couldn’t resist another peek.

Suddenly, he paused with the drink halfway to his lips and swung his head in her direction. His smile inched up and he saluted her with his drink. Her breath stalled in her lungs.

“Karen?”

“Huh, what?” She tore her gaze away and tried to focus on what Janae’s mother was saying. “I’m sorry. What did you say, Mrs. Simms?”

She chuckled. “I asked if you were going to miss your students this week.”

“I love my little darlings, but I plan to enjoy a week without lesson plans and mediating ‘he said, she said’ arguments.”

After a few minutes of polite conversation and a round of hugs, Karen wound her way around the ship toward her suite. Several men called out greetings and offered to buy her a drink, and one propositioned her for more, but she ignored them all. A vision of Mr. Eye Candy worked its way into her mind and she pushed it away, reminding herself that she was taking a break from men and focusing on herself and her career goals.



Damian Bradshaw half listened to his friends as they once again listed all the reasons why this cruise was a good idea. The cruise was an annual event and they had invited him several times over the years, but he always declined.

Troy Ellis slung an arm around his shoulder. “Man, you can’t tell me you’re not looking forward to some fun aboard a luxury cruise. Good music, good food, exotic ports—”

“And a ship full of fine, single women,” Kyle Jamison cut in. “Um, um, um,” he said, staring after a group of women walking by and smiling at them. “See what I mean? Damian, this is exactly what you need to get back in the groove.”

“Who says I want to get back in the groove?” Damian muttered.

Troy dropped his arm and shook his head. “It’s been five years, Damian. When do you think you’ll be ready to move on?”

Damian clenched his jaw. He didn’t need to be reminded how long it had been since he lost his wife. He had lived every one of those moments without her, counted every second since she’d died from a freak accident. He had no desire to open his heart to the possibility of pain again. “I have moved on.”

Kyle crossed his arms and pinned Damian with a glare. “Have you really? You’re one step up from a recluse. You’re either at the office, at the gym or locked in your house. You probably don’t even remember how to date.”

“We have a lot to do at the office,” Damian countered. The three friends co-owned a consulting firm and traveled around the country providing safety training to schools and corporate groups.

“All of which our dynamic office assistant, Delores, can handle until we get back. He’s right, Damian,” Troy said softly. “It’s time. Joyce wouldn’t want you to live the rest of your life alone.” He grinned. “And, since we know you’ve been out of the game for a while, we’ll be more than happy to offer you some pointers on how to attract a woman,” he added, trying to lighten the mood.

Damian chuckled. “Yeah, I bet.”

“We need to get this party started right. I’m going to get a drink,” Kyle said.

Troy nodded. “Good idea. Let’s go.”

“I’ll wait for you guys.”

“You want me to bring you something?” Troy asked.

“Yeah. Bring me a beer.” He watched them saunter off and flirt with two passing women.

He leaned against the railing, shoved his hands into his pockets and contemplated his friends’ words. He hated to admit it, but they were right. He’d immersed himself in his job, staying at the office way past normal hours, working out at the gym to the point of exhaustion then going home to an empty house and losing himself in thoughts of what could have been, what should have been. Damian rarely did anything that could be considered fun and hadn’t thought about taking a trip. Even when Joyce was alive, she preferred a quiet evening at home to going out or leaving town, so they’d never traveled far. When they did, they only went on occasional weekend getaways. He took in his surroundings. Boarding passengers streamed past him, their animated chatter and excitement filling the air. He couldn’t remember the last time he had taken a real vacation. Maybe he needed this cruise after all.

“Here you go.”

He accepted the beer from Troy. “Thanks.”

Kyle held up his bottle. “I’d like to propose a toast. To a week of great music and endless pleasures.”

“Hear, hear!” Troy said.

They looked at Damian expectantly. Sighing, he clinked his bottle against theirs then tilted it to his lips.

Kyle smiled. “Now, the first lesson when picking up women is to find one who wants no attachments beyond the week and is just out for a good time.”

“Usually, she’ll be with a group of women, make eye contact and check you out from head to toe,” Troy added.

Kyle nodded. “She’ll find a way to cross your path at least twice, be wearing an enticing little number and give you a smile that says she’s up for whatever you want.”

“If you’re interested, return her smile but don’t approach her right away.” Troy leaned closer. “Continue to flirt from a distance, maybe send her a drink. You know, heighten the desire.”

“Now you’re ready to make your move,” Kyle said, clapping Damian on the shoulder.

“And, because we knew you wouldn’t, we slipped a couple boxes of condoms into your bag,” Troy finished with a smug smile. “Think about it, this’ll be the perfect way to make that first step back into the land of the living.”

“I’m thirty-three years old. I don’t need you to tell me how to approach a woman,” Damian gritted out. Kyle and Troy laughed. “What?”

“Man, you’ve been out of the game so long, you wouldn’t know what to say, even if she held up a sign saying ‘Unattached and Available.’” Kyle paused thoughtfully. “Actually, you never really dated at all since you and Joyce sort of hooked up in college.”

He skewered Kyle with a look.

“You know I’m right. Yeah, you dated a few women back then—and I use the term dated loosely—but you and Joyce always circled back to each other.”

Rather than responding and risk knocking Kyle out, he took another swig of his beer.

“Lay off Damian, Kyle. Give the brother a chance. We’ve only been on the boat for forty-five minutes and we haven’t even left the dock yet.”

“Yeah. Lay off. I’m perfectly capable of deciding whether I want a woman or not.” Though he mostly subscribed to the “or not” category. He had gone out a few times since his wife’s death, but never progressed past a couple of dates and a few chaste kisses.

Kyle gave him a sidelong glance. “You sure? Because I can’t have you embarrassing me and ruining my reputation with some lame pickup lines.”

Damian shook his head and laughed, giving in to Kyle’s whack sense of humor. “Man, I don’t know how we’ve been friends all these years.”

“Hell, you need somebody to keep you straight. Leaving you to your own devices, we might find you living as a monk with no sense of humor.” They all laughed.

“Whatever.”

Out of his periphery, he noticed a woman staring his way. She was standing in a group with two older couples, a younger couple and two other men. Their eyes locked and he felt a kick in the gut. An embarrassed expression crossed her face and she turned away. He willed her to look his way again, wanting to know if he’d imagined the spark of awareness. When she finally glanced back, he felt it again. A slow grin made its way over his face and he saluted her with his bottle.

“Earth to Damian.” Troy waved his hand in front of Damian’s face.

Damian jerked back. “What?”

“Are you listening? What are you looking at?”

“Nothing,” he murmured. He idly sipped his drink while scanning the woman from head to toe. She had flawless mocha skin and a strikingly beautiful face. The strapless gray dress she wore clung subtly to her lush curves and gave way to long, toned legs, and stirred a desire he had never experienced, or at least hadn’t experienced in a long time. He frowned, not liking the direction of his thoughts.

“Whoa. Hold up. I know you’re not staring at the woman in the gray dress,” Kyle said. “Didn’t you hear anything I just said?” He shook his head. “Nah, bro, don’t even go there. Nothing about her says ‘I just want a good time.’ She has permanent and keeper stamped all over her. She’s standing with old people, for goodness sake!”

Damian ignored Kyle and continued to observe the woman as she hugged the older couples and then weaved her way through the crowd. A few men tried to stop her, but she shook her head and kept walking. One man couldn’t seem to take no for an answer and reached out to grab her. He handed his bottle to Troy.

“I’ll be right back.” He moved with determined strides toward the woman.

As the man approached, Damian heard him say, “Hey, beautiful. How about you keep me company this week? I promise to show you a good time.”

Clearly he’d had too much to drink if his slurred voice was any indication.

“No thanks.” She gasped sharply when the man grabbed her around the waist and pulled her to him.

“Aw, come on.”

A scowl settled on her beautiful face. “You have about one second to remove your arm or—”

“You heard the lady,” Damian interrupted. “I’m sure you don’t want your cruise to end before the boat leaves the dock.” The man spun around and opened his mouth to speak, but obviously thought better of it. Damian towered over the man by a good six inches and outweighed him by forty pounds of pure muscle.

The man dropped his arm, muttered something about stuck-up women and took off down the corridor.

Damian glanced at the woman who barely reached his shoulder in her heels. “Are you okay?”

“I…yes. Thank you. Although I could have handled it.”

He chuckled in faint amusement. “I have no doubts about that. Would you like an escort to your room or will you be all right?”

“I’ll be fine. Thanks again.”

“My pleasure. Perhaps I’ll see you again.”

“Perhaps.”

Damian followed the sway of her hips until she was out of sight then made his way back over to where his friends waited.

“Please don’t tell me you made a move on that woman.” Kyle lit into Damian as soon as he returned.

“Give it a rest, Kyle. I saw a guy harassing her and just made sure she was okay. I didn’t even get her name.”

“What do you mean you didn’t get her name? Man, you’re more out of practice than I thought,” Troy said with a laugh.

Damian rolled his eyes. “Shut up, Troy. Like I said before, I don’t know why I still keep you guys around. I have plenty of time to find out her name…if I want to.”

Troy’s eyebrows shot up. “Sounds like you’re interested.”

He glanced over his shoulder in the direction she had gone then faced his friends. “Maybe.” Up close, she was even more beautiful and damn if he wasn’t attracted to her. As Kyle noted, everything about her shouted relationship, not fling. But he wasn’t looking for either, or was he? At any rate, things were starting to look up. Coming on this cruise might not have been such a bad idea after all, especially if he got a chance to spend a little time with his mystery lady. Yep, things were definitely looking up.



Karen felt the heat of her rescuer’s gaze on her back, but she refused to turn around. The man was positively scrumptious with a rich, deep voice that poured over her like warm melted chocolate. From a distance she hadn’t been able to discern the color of his eyes, but with him standing so near, she could see the green flecks in his light brown eyes—eyes that reflected friendliness and something else she couldn’t identify. He didn’t seem like the usual guy on the prowl. She shook her head to clear her thoughts. Why did she even care? She didn’t. Or at least, that was what she told herself.

***





DISCOVER SHERYL LISTER


All of Me

Just to Be With You

Made to Love You

It's Only You





ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Sheryl Lister has enjoyed reading and writing for as long as she can remember. After putting writing on the back burner for several years, she became serious about her craft in 2009. She writes contemporary and inspirational romance and romantic suspense. When she’s not reading, writing or playing chauffeur, Sheryl can be found on a date with her husband or in the kitchen creating appetizers and bite-sized desserts. Sheryl resides in California and is a wife, mother of three and pediatric occupational therapist. She is a member of RWA, CIMRWA and is represented by Sarah Younger of Nancy Yost Literary Agency





