B IS FOR BEDPOST

a short erotic romance



Lena Hart



Newly engaged couple Athena Lewis and David Carrone are off to celebrate the best way they know how—in bed someplace far from the glittering lights of Las Vegas. They arrive on a private island where pleasure, fun, and relaxation await—or so they believe.



When they are invited to the island’s most exclusive club, they soon discover that the “Mansion” is no ordinary nightclub. Luckily, David and Tena are no ordinary couple. Looking to add more excitement to their relationship, they take the opportunity to explore their secret desires. But a night of passionate exploration brings back painful memories from Tena’s past and pushes them apart.



Afraid to let her phobia sever their special bond, Tena sets out to prove to David just how much she trusts him with her body—even if it means balancing on the edge of danger…



**Note: this short story is a continuation of the novel, HIS BEDPOST QUEEN. Both stories, however, can be read as standalones.





B IS FOR BEDPOST

Copyright © 2015



E-book ISBN: 978-1-941885-11-6

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.



No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission, except in the case of brief passages embodied in critical reviews and articles.





TABLE OF CONTENTS



TABLE OF CONTENTS

Hell Yes!

Bedroom Games

Tainted Paradise

B is for…

Balcony Sex

My Sweets

DEAR READER

ABOUT THE AUTHOR





To my new SweetHART street team—with special thanks to Tina, Mylene, and Erica for your support on this project.



And special thanks to Dr. Charley Ferrer. Your workshop gave me just enough to write this book—and got me as close to the Lifestyle as I’ll probably ever get.





♠♠♠





Hell Yes!


♠♠♠



“Now why’d you do that?” David frowned as Tena tugged the bow tie loose from its knot.

“Because it was ugly. Now hold still.”

He sighed in exasperation. “I wasn’t moving.” Just like he hadn’t moved during her last two attempts to get the perfect knot. “This will teach me to let you buy me clothes again.”

Her beautiful red lips curved into a smile. “No, this will teach you not to bet against me.”

He grunted, remembering the silly bet he’d started. Why he thought they could mess around backstage in his casino resort’s newly developed event space—without getting caught—was beyond him. It had been late that night and he hadn’t expected anyone to be there. Apparently, neither had the unexpected maintenance worker, who had quite possibly gotten an eyeful. Needless to say, he had lost the bet and Tena had won herself a very expensive shopping spree—one that included lots of gadgets to add to her large collection of electronics and something “special” for him.

“When you said you had a treat for me, I imagined sexy lingerie. Not a damn bow tie.”

Her beautifully made-up face scrunched in what he could only describe as confused dismay. “I don’t think they make lingerie in your size.”

David tightened his lips to contain a laugh. He should have seen that coming. His sweetheart tended to be contrary like that. “Funny,” he muttered, pinching her ass.

She chuckled. “I know. Now stop. I have to concentrate.” Her lower lips were tucked between her teeth as she focused her attention on evening out the ends of the tie.

As she reworked the knot, David stood still in the large bathroom of their suite, which was where they spent most of their nights during the work week. Though he couldn’t care less how the knot turned out, he did appreciate the extra attention she paid his appearance tonight. In less than an hour, he would be hosting their annual charity gala alongside his business partner to debut their new event space, the Queen’s Palace. As co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Royal Courts, David needed to look his best. The scandal and drama that had surrounded their young casino resort this past year was barely behind them, and it was important that everything went smoothly tonight. With Tena at his side, he couldn’t imagine it going any other way.

“There! I did it.” Tena tightened the ends of the bow tie and took a step back. Her smile was wide with triumph as she admired her handiwork.

David grabbed his suit jacket and she helped him into it, smoothing her palms down his shoulders and back. He turned to face her and she ran her slender fingers along his lapels.

“You look good, baby.”

He grinned at the compliment, admiring her curves in the fitted silver mermaid dress. He loved the way her dark skin gleamed against the bright gown and the way it outlined her full breasts and round ass. The scent of her cocoa butter lotion reminded him of those late nights when her legs and arms were locked around him. Desire unfurled in his gut and he pulled her to him.

“So do you.” He leaned down and kissed her slowly, enjoying the taste of her and the softness of her full lips against his. He knew it was a risk indulging in her right now. They needed to start making their way down to the charity dinner, which was starting in just a few minutes. But she was a craving he couldn’t pass up.

Just as he began deepening the kiss, she pulled away, laughing. “Okay, we need to pause for the cause or we’re gonna be late.”

“‘Pause for the cause’?” He chuckled. “I like that.”

Her lips curved into a sassy grin. “I thought you would. Now how do I look?”

Stunning.

She had let her short, dark hair grow some these past few months, and it now hung down the sides of her face in a chic bob, the long strands curling slightly. Her makeup was flawless and her elegant dress molded around her beautifully. For some reason, however, he couldn’t get the words out. All he could do was gawk at her and wonder how he’d gotten so lucky.

Whether she was in her usual pantsuits or lounging around in baggy sweatpants, she was always beautiful to him. Beautiful and sexy. And all his.

Or she soon would be.

He thought of the diamond hidden inside his safe and was eager for tomorrow to come. He’d planned to take her away on a surprise romantic trip where he would then ask her to marry him.

Tomorrow couldn’t come soon enough.

She fidgeted when he still hadn’t said anything, and he realized she was nervous, which surprised him. Tena was never nervous. Her confidence and arrogance rivaled his own, at times. David smiled at the thought, thinking of all the dares and the games they occasionally put each other through. He’d never dated a woman like her before, and if she had never come back into his life, he doubted he ever would have. He certainly wouldn’t have been contemplating marriage—a serious commitment he had never imagined himself getting into.

But Athena Lewis was one of a kind and he couldn’t imagine his future without her. The former tomboy he’d met over twenty years ago had won his affection with her small frame swallowed up in her brother’s oversized hand-me-downs. There had been an innocent vulnerability in her sad eight-year-old eyes that had tugged at him. He’d always felt a strong protectiveness when it came to her, which had never gone away. Not even when life and career ambitions had kept them apart these last fourteen years.

Suddenly, David was impatient at the thought of waiting for her commitment. He wanted it now, wanted to know if she was as eager to spend the rest of her life with him as he was with her.

“I think it’s missing something,” David blurted.

Tena frowned. “What?”

Without a word, he left the en suite bathroom and headed toward the safe where he’d kept the ring. He pulled out the small black box, running the pad of his thumb over the velvet material. He’d had it in there for the past two weeks, waiting for the perfect opportunity to ask her the most important question of his life.

David tightened his hand around the small box, a wave of sudden anxiety making his muscles tense. He couldn’t understand where this irritating nervousness had come from. He was a man in love and had never been more certain about anything in his life.

And he was certain about Tena.

The fifteen-year-old girl he’d left behind to pursue his entrepreneurial career had grown into a beautiful woman that he was head over heels for. From her sexy, husky voice to her arresting, deep-set eyes, Tena was his everything. But more than her good looks was her ability to make him laugh and groan with exasperation, all in the same breath. She was smart, compassionate, and unbelievably selfless when it came to the people she cared about. She was his lover and his best friend, and he was eager to make her his.

David gently tugged the diamond ring out of its velvet bed and returned to where she still stood in front of the wide bathroom mirror. He came up behind her as she continued to survey herself.

“If you want me to change, I will. But I’m telling you now, it’s probably going to be something plain and boring. Maybe even ugly.”

He wanted to laugh at her exaggeration, but his heart was beating too fast. It thudded heavily in his chest as he stared at her. They had been growing closer these past few months and he knew that she loved him. Yet, despite their strong bond, he couldn’t imagine what her reaction would be. What would he do if she rejected his proposal?

“Davie?”

Her apprehensive tone pulled him out of his anxious thoughts. He placed a hand on her waist and gave her what he hoped was reassurance. “You don’t have to change.”

“Good.” Worry, however, still clouded her gaze as she turned to face him. She reached up and tucked a strand of his hair back into place. “Then what’s wrong?”

David caught her hand just as she began to pull away, and kissed it. “Nothing. I just thought you would look better with this on.” He took her hand and slipped the engagement ring on to her finger.

Her mouth hung open and dark eyes eclipsed her face. “David Carrone!”

He brought her hand up to his lips again and kissed the back of it. “Much better.”

She stared down at the ring for a moment before lifting her eyes to his once again. He caught a glimpse of the myriad of emotions running through her, but it was her guarded uncertainty that he wanted to address first. If she thought he had any doubts, he would have to prove her otherwise. In a few words, David mustered the courage to tell her what was in his heart.

“I love you, Tena, and I want you to be mine. Always.” He kissed her parted lips then pulled away. She remained silent, still staring at him in shock. His anxiety only heightened, and he couldn’t take the waiting much longer. “That’s a yes, right?”

Suddenly, she gave him a brilliant smile then threw her arms around him. “That’s a hell yes.”

His heart swelled with relief and pleasure as he caught her and fitted his lips with hers. In that moment, he forgot his responsibilities downstairs, forgot about their elegant attire, and just lost himself in their embrace.

He lifted her up on the counter and deepened the kiss. She was uninhibited in her affection and he savored every moment of it.

Soon, however, the kiss turned demanding and he wanted desperately to be inside her. The restriction of their clothes did little to halt his need for her. If anything, it only fueled his need to remove the barrier between them. Pushing away from her, he jerked off his jacket. His breathing was labored as he stared at her slightly parted lips and hooded, desire-filled eyes.

David pulled her down from the counter and turned her around until she faced the vanity mirror. He pulled her back against him until her ass pressed solidly against his erection.

“Davie?” she gasped, bracing her hands on the counter.

He loved it when she called out his name like that, her husky voice all breathy and low. She was the only person he allowed to call him by that nickname—the only person who did since they were kids. But they were well past adolescence, and the way she whispered his name now sent a surge of desire through him.

He planted another kiss on the back of her neck and began working the zipper at the side of her dress.

“Davie, what are you doing?”

“Trying not to ruin your dress.” When he had the dress open, he tugged the hem up, careful not to manhandle the satin material.

“Wait.” Tena grabbed his hand, halting his movements. “You know I don’t like doing it like this.”

David paused then released his hold on her dress. In his haste to be inside her, he’d forgotten about her aversion to that particular position. In every way, they were sexually attuned with each other. Their passion and desires were always on par. Except when it came to the times he tried making love to her from behind.

Looping his arm around her waist, he kissed the side of her neck and her exposed shoulder. “It’ll be better for your dress this way.”

She shook her head. “But I don’t like it.”

David tightened his arm around her and hugged her close, unable to ignore the rigidity that had invaded her muscles. The urge to make love to her was still strong, but not as strong as his desire to soothe her. He had an idea of where her aversion of that particular sex position may have stemmed from, but he didn’t push her to talk about it. He never did. After placing another light kiss on her neck, he pulled away from her.

She turned to face him, her eyes clouded with regret and anxiety. “I’m sorry, Davie.”

He turned her to him and cupped her chin. “Don’t be. We have tonight, and the rest of our lives, to get you out of that dress,” he teased. He leaned over and kissed her slowly before pulling away. Her lips stretched into a pretty smile and he couldn’t resist another quick kiss. “But now, we should probably head downstairs.”

In an instant, all evidence of desire fell from her face as her eyes widened. “Oh, God. I almost forgot.” She turned to the mirror and began straightening herself up. He helped her with her zipper as she gingerly ran her fingers through the ruffled strands of her chin-length hair.

He glanced in the mirror at himself and grinned. There was lipstick smeared all across his lips, his hair was a mess, and his bow tie was a bit lopsided.

“Ready?” he asked as he straightened himself up and wiped at his lips.

She turned to him and gave him a quick once-over. Her gaze landed on his neck and she shook her head. “I have to fix this first.”

Before he could stop her, she tugged the knot of his bow tie loose. He groaned as it unraveled in her hand.

“Damn it, sweets.”





♠♠♠





Bedroom Games


♠♠♠



“You’re moving.”

“No, I’m not,” Athena muttered, lowering her lashes. Her gaze centered on Davie’s sensual lips as she lay on her side, her leg thrown over his hips. With his shaft buried deep inside her, she tried not to roll her hips. But the urge to move was becoming insistent, and the demands of her body almost didn’t care about their silly game.

“Yeah, you are.” He groaned as she clenched her inner muscles as hard as she could around him. “Okay, now you’re cheating.”

Her husky laugh rang through the quiet morning of their hotel suite, and his gruff words, spoken roughly against her neck, almost made her take pity on him. The intense pleasure of having him pressed solidly against her sent another wave of heat through her body. But she was determined to win their little game.

Sensing he was close to losing his control, she clenched her muscles again. He lightly bit her shoulder and she winced from the light stinging.

“You just moved,” she murmured.

He licked the spot he’d just sunk his teeth in then pressed a warm kiss against it. He moved his lips up the base of her neck then stopped when he came close to her ear. “That doesn’t count.”

She laughed again, a shiver coursing through her from the tender caress of his lips. “Okay, now you’re cheating.”

“This doesn’t count either,” he said, passing his tongue over her warm skin.

She gasped softly. “Why not?”

“Because…” he started, but didn’t bother continuing his explanation.

They held the same position, trying to see who would cave to the demands of their bodies and move. What had started off as a way to prolong their lovemaking had turned into a game of who could hold out the longest. They had remained in the same position for what seemed like hours, but only about five minutes had passed since they’d started the challenge.

But now, Athena wanted nothing more than for him to continue his deep thrusting, to have him pushing against her sensitive spots.

Yet as much as she wanted to give in to the sweet release that hovered near, it was much more fun to have him lose control.

She clutched at his shoulders as he continued his light kisses. She kissed his jaw then ran her tongue over the edge of his earlobe.

“Come for me, baby,” she purred. “I want to feel you come inside me.”

He released a harsh grunt and tightened his arm around her. “Nice try.”

Athena smiled. She was close to victory and just needed something to send him over the edge. Pressing her lips against his jaw and down his neck, she whispered the words he couldn’t resist. “I love you, Davie.”

He growled as he gripped her ass and hauled her firmly against him. The small action drove his shaft deeper into her and they both moaned from the intense pleasure.

“Davie…” she gasped.

“You lose,” he rasped before rolling her onto her back and thrusting into her again.

“No…” She gasped as he thrust into her again. “You cheated.”

But, in that moment, it didn’t matter. Intense pleasure and fulfillment hung close, and that was what she concentrated on.

She clung to him as he pumped into her, the springs of the mattress and their shuddering moans filling their quiet hotel suite. With every thrust, she rose against him, clawing at his shoulders and back. He brought his arms behind her and lifted her hips and he continued pounding into her.

It wasn’t long before her legs began to quiver and she released a sharp cry as she came hard, her body clenching and convulsing around him. A low, harsh groan tore from his throat and she tightened her arms around him, bracing herself against the storm of his own fulfillment.

Athena continued to leisurely stroke his back and shoulders, enjoying the warmth of his body over her. The late Sunday morning sun peeked through the curtains and she sighed with contentment. Mornings like this were what she cherished the most. It had been a while since they could just sleep in and lie in each other’s arms.

The past few weeks had been hectic with the preparation for the Queen’s Palace opening and the charity gala. As the lead Cyber Security Specialist at Royal Courts, she’d spent much of her time working with the security team to ensure there would be no incidents on the big night. And there hadn’t been. Everything had gone smoothly, and now that the event was over, she was looking forward to more Sunday mornings like this—with Davie all to herself.

Eventually he rolled on his back and Athena moved with him, not wanting to break their connection just yet. He glided his palms down her back and over the curves of her butt. She rested her head on his shoulder, and they lay there for a moment, just holding each other.

She smiled as she slowly ran her fingers over the thin hairs on his chest. “Davie?”

“Hmm?”

“I won.”

He chuckled, and the low sound jostled her slightly. She caught a glimpse of the diamond around her finger as it winked brightly at her. It never failed to baffle her.

We’re getting married.

She still couldn’t quite wrap her head around it. The thought still left her dazed, yet giddy. She’d been in love with David Carrone for as long as she could remember. A little over three months ago, she’d come back into his life and, out of desperation, had put his company in danger. But instead of seeing that she pay for her crime, he had shielded her from any repercussions, just like he had in the past.

Now he wanted to marry her.

She sighed softly, already picturing their lives together where she got to watch him grow old. His ink-black hair would be streaked with grays, his prominent Italian features would be weathered with age but still very handsome, and his bright gray eyes would still be as sharp and mesmerizing.

“Let’s go away this week.”

At his unexpected suggestion, Tena propped her chin on his shoulder and stared at him. “Where?”

“Far away from this desert and to a small private island off the coast of Cambodia. We’d be surrounded by water, sun, fresh air, and palm trees.”

“Sounds like you already have this all figured out.”

He continued lazily stroking her butt, leaving a small tingle of heat behind that was especially distracting. “I do. A friend of mine from Stanford has a villa out there that he’s letting me rent out.” Davie grinned. “I had planned to propose to you when we got there.”

“Really? Why didn’t you?”

His crooked smile was extremely sexy in that moment. “I got tired of waiting.”

Athena tried to imagine a romantic proposal on a paradise island with them wearing all white clothes made of linen, while the cool wind tousled their hair. And she tried to envision Davie getting down on one knee and professing his love for her.

She couldn’t.

It wasn’t his style. And though such a scene on a private island sounded beautiful, she wouldn’t have changed anything about last night.

Well, maybe one thing…

She hated how she had frozen up on him when she’d been just as ready and hungry to have him inside her. But as much as she wanted him, her body had locked up the moment she realized what he had planned. Though Davie would never hurt her in that way, a part of her still filled with anxiety at the thought of being forced to lie on her stomach while another body pressed her down from behind. The memory of being in such a position long ago still stayed with her, and she never wanted to experience that again. Even with Davie.

Athena sighed. She hated denying him anything, hated how awkward things became when she would have to stop and remind him, but he was always patient with her when it came to that. And she loved him for it.

“So what do you say, sweets?”

“You’re the boss, baby. I go wherever you tell me to go. Do whatever you want me to do.”

His gray eyes lit with mirth as he cupped his hand around the underside of her bottom. “I like the sound of that.”

Athena bit back a smile. “Oh yeah?” She hiked her leg up higher until her thigh rested over his crotch, and she rubbed against him. “What else do you like?”

“Stop that.” He tightened his hold on her butt to keep her still. “Or we’ll never get out of this bed.”

“So? What’s wrong with that?”

“We have a flight to catch in a few hours.”

She drew back in surprise. “We’re leaving tonight? That’s too soon. I have to pack, and then there’s Carlos, who won’t appreciate me taking off suddenly for a week.”

“I’m the boss, remember. Let me worry about my security chief. You just focus on packing.” He began slowly rubbing her bottom again. “But pack light. I plan to keep you naked most of the time there.”

She couldn’t help but wiggle against his palm, and he playfully slapped her ass. The loud smacking sounded much harsher than the subsequent sting, and she smiled, wiggling again. This time, he gripped the lush curve of her bottom and gave it a squeeze.

“I said stop.”

Athena chuckled. She shouldn’t be teasing him. They had too much to do if they were going to travel halfway around the world tonight and be away from their responsibilities for a week. From the hard grip he had on her, he knew it too.

But she couldn’t resist.

She crawled over him and straddled him. His hands moved up to her hips as she leaned forward.

“Tena…”

“Shh…it’s my turn.”





♠♠♠





Tainted Paradise


♠♠♠



Everything about the island was more than Athena could have imagined, and the beauty surrounding them almost made her forget her fatigue from the long transpacific flight. From the crystal blue water that shimmered against the late afternoon sky, to the elegantly built villa that blended beautifully among the island’s lush foliage, the place was exquisite.

Inside, the villa was just as lovely, with the large yet cozy bedroom with the wide canopied bed. It was as if they’d landed on their own private oasis.

Everything was perfect…

Everything except the unwelcomed guest Athena found lounging in the large clawfoot bathtub.

“What the hell?”

The woman’s lazy smile fell from her pretty, tanned face as Athena continued to stare at her, astonished. The naked woman soaking inside sat there frozen as Athena made her way fully into the connecting bathroom. “Lady, please tell me you’re lost.”

Unfortunately, something told Athena this woman was right where she had planned to be. Her damp blonde hair was in a messy knot on the top of her head, and her golden brown eyes had shifted from surprise to a mild curiosity.

“Sweets, where are you?”

Athena turned her glare on Davie as he came sauntering from the bedroom and into the large bathroom. He glanced at her then at the naked woman then back at her. There wasn’t shock or outrage in his expression. Just a slight amusement, and his arrogance at the situation only fueled her anger.

“David,” the woman called out in an annoyingly pretty accent, “who is she?”

Athena whipped her head back to the woman still soaking in the damn tub. David? So the tramp did know him.

“Are you fucking kidding me? I should be asking you that, but I really don’t care.” Athena went to the nearby bench, grabbed the thick white towel, and threw it at the woman. “Just get the hell out!”

The woman was sorely trying her patience as she slowly stood from the tub, but Athena kept her eyes on Davie, who made a show of checking his watch as the woman wrapped the towel around herself.

“David, vuoi veramente che io vada?”

Athena clenched her teeth. So she was Italian? Davie had spoken enough of it with her when they were in bed for her to pick up a few of the familiar Latin roots. But whatever the woman had said to him, Athena didn’t care. She just wanted the other woman gone.

“You should do as she says, sweetheart. My fiancée can get very jealous, and she isn’t always this nice when she’s jealous.”

Athena’s frown deepened at his arrogant response, but she waited as the woman stepped out of the tub and rushed out of the bathroom.

Davie chuckled when they were finally alone and Athena rounded on him.

“This isn’t funny. Who the hell was she?”

He shrugged. “I told you before you weren’t the first naked woman to sneak into my room.”

She rolled her eyes at his sly reminder of her own act of seduction that had ended with her naked and beneath him, wearing only a pair of black thigh-high stockings. But that had been different and he was supposed to be hers now. She hated to think she was the jealous type, but she was getting tired of women fawning and throwing themselves at him. Right in front of her, too! He may have lived the playboy lifestyle once, and had certainly taken many lovers before her, but he was committed to her now. The problem, though, was that these women refused to see that.

“How did she know you were going to be here?”

He shrugged again. “I don’t know. I’ve only been to this island once. A long time ago.”

She sized him up. “Well, you clearly left an impression if she’s been waiting for you this long.”

He cocked a dark brow. “I barely remember her. She was probably just…”

He fidgeted, and Athena’s patience snapped. “What? Your plaything?” His lips tightened and all traces of humor were gone, but still he said nothing. “Open and honest, Davie. Remember? Now be straight with me. Did you have sex with that woman?”

“Why does it matter?” he snapped.

Athena blew out a frustrated breath. Because it does. “If it doesn’t matter to you, then why can’t you tell me if you did or not?”

His gray eyes held an angry glint but she met his hard gaze directly.

“Will it make you feel better to know?”

No, it wouldn’t, but at least it would appease her burning curiosity to know who her competition had been.

“Just let it go, Tena. She’s gone. You’re here now and you’re the one I want.”

“Yeah, well, next time, be sure to let her and the rest of the pack know.”

He chuckled. “I think after the look you gave her, she’ll stay away.”

Athena gritted her teeth in frustration. “Davie, I’m serious. How would you feel if you found some naked guy waiting for me in bed, his dick hard and ready to go?”

In an instant, he lost his sly grin, and his brilliant gray eyes turned almost crystal blue in their rage. “They would be stupid to try it.”

Athena sighed and walked over to him. “Yeah, they would be.” She didn’t want anyone but Davie, and any guy dumb enough to try and seduce her would be sadly disappointed. “But you feel that heavy, burning sensation in your gut?” she continued, pressing her fist against his abdomen. “Well, that’s exactly how I feel right now.” Just thinking of him with another woman filled her with unbelievable pain and rage. “If you ever step out on me, Davie…we’re over. I mean it.”

Cheating for her was a deal breaker, and just the thought of him hurting her like that made her heart ache. From the hard set of his jaw, he obviously didn’t like hearing that.

“It really pisses me off when you act like I don’t love you enough to keep my dick in my pants,” he bit out. “I’m never going to cheat on you and you’re not going to leave me, so don’t even think it. Don’t even mention it again.” He paused, his gaze intense as he watched her closely. “We’re getting married, Tena. You should trust me by now.”

She sighed and glanced down at his chest. “I do trust you. It’s them I don’t trust.” She waved her hand toward the bathtub the woman had just gotten out of.

He cupped her chin and lifted her gaze back to his. “If you trust me, then you wouldn’t worry about them.”

Touché.

But if she was honest with herself—and him—she would admit that she was worried he would get tempted, maybe even bored with her someday. These were beautiful women constantly snooping around and trying to steal him from her. He also had a reputation for being a ladies’ man, so it wasn’t unreasonable for her to feel a little apprehensive.

Except he’d done nothing to make her doubt him, so she shouldn’t start now. Not when they were supposed to be on vacation, making love under the sun and dancing under the moonlight.

“You know, your eyes turn a light shade of blue when you’re angry. It’s sexy.”

His eyes widened then he shook his head. “Are you trying to change the subject?”

“Nope. Just making an observation.” She took a small step back and peeled off her white top. His gaze remained transfixed on her as she slid down her beige capri pants and stood before him in only her underwear. “If you want, we can keep arguing or…” She reached for his belt and began unbuckling it. “You can take a shower with me.”

He remained still as she pushed the buckle aside and slid down the zipper. Slipping her hand inside his pants, she grabbed his lengthening shaft and began slowly stroking him. Her movements were firm but gentle as she continued to caress him. In little time, he was steel hard against her palm, but still she didn’t stop.

His breathing came out rough as she squeezed and stroked his long length. She kept her gaze trained on his, loving the way his light eyes darkened and his cheeks flushed slightly. They continued to stare at each other, and when she sensed he was close, she leaned up and kissed him. It was a sweet, tender kiss. One meant to express her love.

“God, I need you,” he rasped thickly against her lips.

“I need you too.”

With a harsh groan, he grabbed the edge of her panties and began tugging them down.

“Excuse me, sir?”

Athena gasped at the unexpected intrusion and jerked her hand out of his pants. Luckily, Davie was quick and shielded her semi-nude body with his.

She peeked over his shoulder and saw the same, polite man who’d ridden with them on the boat to the island. Vlad, he’d said his name was. He had also mentioned being one of the seasonal attendants here at the villa.

It took longer than expected for Vlad to take in their compromising condition before he discreetly turned his back to them. “Sorry, Mr. Carrone, I should have knocked first.”

Davie grunted. “What is it?”

“There’s a letter for you.” Davie took the card from the man’s outstretched hand but didn’t open it.

“Also,” the man added in a rush, “the captain would like to know if he has your permission to leave now.”

Davie nodded curtly. “Yeah, sure. We don’t plan to leave the island anytime soon.”

The man nodded and started toward the door.

“Vlad, wait,” Athena called out. Davie shot her an annoyed glance, but she ignored him. “Could you please send someone to clean the bath?”

The man nodded again, careful to keep his eyes averted. “Yes, of course.”

“Thank you,” she called after him. She wouldn’t dare get in that tub until it was thoroughly cleaned and disinfected.

When they were alone, Athena grabbed a fresh towel and wrapped it around herself.

“What are you doing? What happened to our shower?”

She shook her head, glancing at the standing glass shower, which was positioned beside the clawfoot tub. The last thing she wanted to do was put on a show for anyone.

“It’ll have to wait until after the bathroom is cleaned. Someone might walk in on us.”

“And whose fault would that be?”

She glared over at him. “Please, don’t get me started.”

He threw his hands up in defeat and she headed toward the adjoining bedroom.

Unpacking was never fun, and she wanted to get the chore over with. She placed her luggage on the edge of the bed and began removing her things. Davie made his way to the open balcony, which was yet another beautiful feature of the two-story villa. It looked out at the ocean, and from where she stood, she could make out the seagulls flying over the sparkling water under the late afternoon sun.

Davie tore open the envelope in his hand and Athena returned her attention to her unpacking.

“Wanna go dancing, sweets?”

“When?”

“Tonight.” He made his way to where she stood, waving the small card in the air. “Looks like we’ve been invited to a private party. There’s a boat coming tonight to bring us to the other side of the island.”

Athena snatched the invitation from his hand and scanned it.

Dear Mr. Carrone and Ms. Lewis:



As a guest of John Brown, you are cordially invited to an exclusive event at 9pm tonight. Come dressed to impress. Details are below.



But there was no further information other than the time the boat would come to pick them up. At the bottom of the invite card was an embossed insignia. The Mansion.

“Who is this John Brown?”

“The friend I told you about from college. The one who owns this place.” Davie threw himself down on the bed, jostling her suitcase. She caught it just before it slipped to the ground. “He must have gotten us into this party, but we don’t have to go.”

She arched a brow and tossed the card aside, glad he wasn’t keen about going either. “I’m not sure if I’m up for a party, anyway.”

Not that she didn’t enjoy dancing. The other night at the charity gala had been the most fun she’d had at any party. But the last thing she wanted to do was spend their time together on a beautiful island stuck in some dark club surrounded by sweaty bodies.

“We could have our own party with these.” Athena pulled out the shopping bag she’d buried deep in her suitcase and dumped the contents on the bed.

He propped himself on his elbow and stared at the pile. “What’s all that?”

“Toys,” she said, her cheeks warming. “We’ve never tried them before, and I thought they would help keep things interesting this week.”

Frowning, he lifted the round, stout tube the saleswoman at the adult store had convinced her to buy. “And what the hell is this?”

“It’s sort of like a…pleasure bullet.”

Davie cocked a brow. “The only thing going inside of you is me.”

She stifled a grin. “Ugh, it’s actually not for me.” He frowned in confusion then his expression quickly turned into horror. “The woman at the store told me it’s supposed to stimulate—”

“Don’t,” he interrupted, tossing the tube back in the pile. “I don’t want to know. In fact,” he added, swiping the toys from the bed and onto the floor, “I want you to forget what some strange woman told you. We’ve always managed to have fun making up our own games. Let’s just stick to that. Okay, sweets?”

“Okay, but how do we spice things up?”

His frown deepened. “I didn’t know we needed spicing.”

“We don’t. I just don’t want you to get bored.” With me.

He scoffed. “Sticking something up my ass isn’t my idea of fun.”

“True.” Athena sat on the edge of the bed, wondering if she was overthinking this whole sex thing between them. Perhaps spending most of their time in bed wasn’t the best way to spend their vacation anyway.

“Maybe we should check out this party tonight,” she offered. “Or maybe go someplace with dinner and dancing.”

Without warning, Davie grabbed her towel and pulled her over him. She braced herself against his chest, but was in no hurry to rise from his muscled body.

“What are you doing?”

He smiled crookedly. “What does it look like I’m doing?” He wrapped his arms around her. “I’m about to start our own dance party right here on this bed.”

“Hmm…” She closed her eyes briefly, enjoying the pleasure of his warm lips against her neck. “You know dancing with you gets me all wet.”

His arms tightened around her and his eyes turned a stormy gray. “Oh, yeah?”

“Yeah,” she murmured, staring down at his lips, trying to hold back a laugh. “You sweat a lot.”

He burst out laughing then pinched her butt, his bright eyes gleaming mischievously. “Well, I can’t help it when you use all your best moves.”

She gave him what she hoped was a seductive smile and ran her fingers through his hair. “How about I show you what I learned the other night?”

Leaning down, she kissed the tip of his nose, enjoying the growing anticipation of feeling his lips against hers. Though she was eager for him, she continued her teasing and lightly brushed her lips across the edge of his mouth. She held her breath as she slowly brought her lips down to fully taste him.

Their lips were a hairs breadth away from each other when a heavily accented voice called out to them.

“Excuse?” the woman shouted through the other side of the door. “I come clean bathroom now?”

Davie groaned and Athena dropped her head on his shoulder. “Damn it,” they muttered in unison.





♠♠♠





B is for…


♠♠♠



“It’s not too late to turn back, sweets.”

Tena shook her head. “We’re already here. Might as well find out what this is all about.”

David glanced around the dimly lit mansion. “I don’t think this is our scene.”

“Yeah, it’s…different,” she muttered, following his gaze. “But different is good, right? Besides, we practically slept the day away. It’s good that we got out.”

It was true, their jet lag had finally caught up with them, and instead of spending the afternoon making love like he’d hoped, they’d slept in. Yet instead of expending some of her recharged energy on more private activities, he had woken up to find Tena dressed and ready to explore the island’s “nightlife.”

David wondered when it would sink in for her that they wouldn’t be doing any dancing in here. Not the kind she was thinking, anyway.

It hadn’t taken him long to realize the “Mansion” wasn’t the kind of nightclub he’d expected. With the dark curtains closing off different parts of the large space, and the glowing letters illuminated above each private chamber, he’d come to the conclusion soon enough. And if that hadn’t been an obvious enough signal, the elegantly dressed couples lounging around the club, throwing him and Tena suggestive looks, would have convinced him.

David kept his arm securely around her waist, discouraging the jackasses ogling her bare legs from getting any ideas. She had definitely dressed to impress tonight, looking especially sexy in her short black sleeveless jumpsuit, which stopped mid-thigh. Her long legs were exposed in the outfit, along with a good amount of cleavage, and David had the sudden urge to wrap her in his arms and tuck her away. Instead, he pulled her close to his side and shot a glare at the gawking idiots around them.

He was going to kill John for this.

“Mr. Carrone, Ms. Lewis, welcome.” They turned to the tall, dark-haired woman walking toward them. Her green eyes never stopped assessing them as she approached. “My name’s Raven and we’re glad you could join us tonight. Would you like me to show you around or would you rather just mingle?”

Just behind Raven, a heavy curtain swayed open and they caught a glimpse of naked limbs and thrusting hips before it immediately swung close.

But it had been enough.

David glanced down at Tena and caught her wide, incredulous expression. Raven also took in her stunned reaction and smiled reassuringly.

“First-timers?”

Tena ignored the woman and stared at him searchingly. “Davie? Why’d you bring me to a sex club?”

He shook his head. “Baby, I didn’t know…”

“We’re more than a sex club, Ms. Lewis,” Raven said. “We like to think of ourselves as a place where people in our social circle can explore their hidden desires and play out their…fantasies. Whatever they may be and with whomever they want.”

Tena glanced around the room at the couples lounging about. “So everyone in here is a swinger?”

Raven shrugged. “Some are and others are here just to watch. Since it’s your first time, why don’t I give you a tour?”

“No, we—”

“Sure.”

David shot Tena a curious glance but her expression remained blank. He couldn’t tell if she was genuinely interested in hanging around or if she was agreeing to the tour just to spite him.

As Raven led them around the dark club, David kept his hand firmly on Tena’s lower back. They discovered, from their brief tour, that the two-story mansion contained about twenty “playrooms” with several viewing areas, four swing lounges for couples of two or more, two mini bathhouses, and a pool in the back.

The lounges were the rooms covered by the heavy curtains and no one was allowed to enter fully clothed, which was fine with him. By the end of their tour, he’d gotten an eyeful of more naked bodies then he’d cared to see and found himself immune to it all.

“What do the letters mean?” Tena asked when they passed a playroom with the glowing initials “CBT” above the door. Those letters were glowing red, whereas others were illuminated in yellow.

“Depends on what you’re in the mood for,” Raven said with a wink. “It can mean a lot of different things, but it’s the colors you want to pay attention to.”

His curiosity got the better of him. “Why?”

“Because you wouldn’t want to go where you’re not welcomed,” the hostess explained. “Red means the room is occupied and the couple doesn’t want any company. Yellow means it’s occupied and the couple is open to company. And green just means the room is available. And before you ask,” Raven added with a knowing smile, “yes, the rooms are carefully cleaned after each guest.”

That hadn’t been a thought he’d entertained, but it was good to know—even though he had no intention of hanging around.

For a moment, he couldn’t help but laugh at himself, wondering when he had suddenly turned into such a prude. He was David Carrone. Before Tena, he’d had more women after him than he knew what to do with, and had rarely spent his nights alone. Yet here he stood surrounded by sex and feeling more uncomfortable and out of place than he’d ever had.

“Where are your private rooms?”

Once again, Tena managed to surprise him with her casually spoken question. He had believed she would soon come up with an excuse that would get them out of this place, but instead she calmly waited for Raven’s response.

David narrowed his eyes at her. Maybe she was waiting to see how far he would go with this charade before he called her out on it. She tended to have a twisted sense of humor like that.

“At this hour, many of our available playrooms are upstairs. The rooms are also soundproof so you don’t have to worry about keeping quiet.” Raven’s smile widened. “Feel free to be as loud as you like… Enjoy.”

They watched as she made her way back to the front of the room. In the corner of his eye, he saw a tall, beautiful brunette headed their way. He groaned inwardly, not wanting to deal with another woman trying to come on to him tonight, particularly in front of his fiancée. Once had been enough today, and the last thing he wanted was to resurrect another argument.

Evidently, the woman had never had her sights on him. To his bafflement, the woman kept her gaze trained on Tena as she approached.

“You’re beautiful,” the woman said, running her fingers along Tena’s bare arm.

Tena tensed then shifted slightly toward him. “Thank you,” she said politely, her tone a bit stiff.

The woman winked at her then took Tena’s hand and began pulling her from his side. David held her back and the woman glanced at him in understanding.

“Can she come and play?”

David shook his head and hauled Tena to his side. “No. She hasn’t been a good girl today.” He could feel Tena’s gaze on him, but kept his eyes on the other woman.

“Maybe later?”

“Maybe not.”

The woman pouted, but made her way back to her partner. He finally glanced back at Tena to find her still staring at him, annoyance plain in her dark eyes.

“Davie, what the hell? When did you suddenly become my master?”

“Hey, when in Rome…”

She rolled her eyes. “Even in Rome I won’t need your permission.”

He studied her. “Should I be worried that you’re more upset that I didn’t let you go off with another woman?”

Tena waved her hand dismissively. “She’s not the first woman to come on to me.” Suddenly, she paused and frowned thoughtfully. “Do I give off a gay vibe?”

He chuckled at her unexpected question. “No, sweets. You’re just sexy as hell.” He briefly pressed his lips on her forehead. “But I’m the only person tonight, and any other night, touching you.”

She glanced around the room again. “When you said your old college friend, John Brown, invited us here, I have to admit, I secretly thought it was just a code name for Gabe.”

David cocked a brow. “Can you imagine Gabe in a place like this?” The thought of his business partner owning such a romantic getaway, much less sending him to a place like this, was too outrageous to even consider. Gabe was too conservative to take such a trip—unless Nina was with him. And even then, David couldn’t imagine Gabe bringing his soon-to-be-bride to a place like this. Hell, David was all for trying new things, but even this scene was getting to be too much for him.

“Well, you never mentioned this friend before.”

“And you can see why.”

She nodded, though her eyes sparkled with amusement. “I still can’t believe you brought me here.”

He grimaced. “Really, I had no idea. Believe me. But just say the word and we’re out of here.”

She glanced at him, her head cocked to the side. “Actually…I have a better idea.”

He frowned. “You want to stay?”

“When in Rome, right?” She took his hand and led him upstairs. They passed a few red- and yellow-lit initials before they found a vacant green one with the letter B above the door.

“What do you think the B stands for?” Tena asked as they stood outside the room.

David shrugged. “Beware?”

She snickered and pushed open the door. When they entered the room, they both froze at the sight that greeted them.

“Or bondage,” he muttered. An apt description, too.

In the simply decorated room, they had their choice of rope, chains, or fur-lined handcuffs. Along one side of the red wall was a tall display of whips and paddles, ranging in all sizes. Beside it was a padded spanking bench.

It didn’t end there.

Opposite to that wall was a padded cross frame with its own handcuffs attached at each end. Even the four-poster bed came with restraints attached to each of the wire bedposts, and they vaguely reminded him of that long ago night when Tena had tied him to his bed. He rubbed his wrists absently. It wasn’t a particularly fond memory for him.

David found the switch for the door and flipped on the red light. In turn, the light inside the chamber dimmed.

Tena walked over to the Wall of Whips and took down a long leather strap. She flicked the whip down on her palm and the sharp crack echoed in the room. Her gaze swung over to him, and in her eyes was a mixture of excitement, intrigue, and a bit of apprehension.

“Okay, joke’s over,” David said, breaking the strained silence between them.

She turned to him, her brows pulled tightly together. “What? What do you mean?”

“I mean, you can stop pretending like you want to be here.”

“What makes you think I’m pretending? I told you I wanted to spice things up.” Suddenly, her lips curved into a slow smile and she brought the whip down on her palm again. “Or are you worried that I’m going to hurt you?”

David glanced around the room and shook his head. “You’re not tying me up, sweets.”

She frowned. “Why not? You let me tie you up when we’re at home.”

He stared pointedly at the leather strap in her hand. “Yeah, but I draw the line at whipping.”

She tossed the leather strap on the bed. “Okay, fine. I won’t use it.” She walked up to him and placed her palms on his chest. His body reacted to the light touch. It always did when she touched him. “But I’m serious. I do want to be here. I’m willing to try anything once.”

He studied her closely. “Anything?”

She nodded earnestly.

“Well, good, because tonight, it’s my turn.”

He didn’t understand her sudden need to spice up their sex life, but maybe he could make this work to his advantage. If she was willing to try something new, he’d show her how good he could make it for her in any position. Maybe then she’d learn to relax whenever he tried to make love to her from behind. It was a gamble, but he was willing to take the risk so that she would never freeze up on him whenever he tried to touch her that way.

“I don’t know if I want these on me, though.” She tugged at the chains hanging from the ceiling. “I mean, I don’t mind being tied up. I actually like it. But this…this is a bit much. I want us to have fun together, not degrade each other.”

David took the chains from her hand. “You trust me?”

She frowned. “Of course.”

“Good, because the game I want to play is all about trust. And if you trust me, you know I would never do anything to humiliate or hurt you.”

She glanced at the chains again. “I know, but this all looks so…intense. It seemed like more fun when I imagined these chains wrapped around your wrists.”

“Then we’ll have a safety word. If I hurt you or cross the line in any way, just say the word and I’ll stop.”

Her eyes narrowed slightly as she studied him. “For someone who’s never been to a sex club, you sure sound like you know what you’re doing.”

He chuckled. “This isn’t my first rodeo.” Her shocked expression made him laugh again. “It was only once, and a very long time ago. Now…are we going to play?”

She hesitated for the slightest moment then nodded. “Okay. What’s the safety word?”

“You pick.”

She glanced around the room. Her gaze landed on the bed and she smiled. “Bedpost.”

He inclined his head, though he secretly hoped she wouldn’t feel the need to use it. His objective wasn’t to hurt her. Never that. He did, however, plan to push her beyond her comfort zone so that she could finally give herself to him completely and unconditionally.

David pulled away from her and deliberately slid his gaze down the length of her. She clenched her hands into fists at her sides as he continued his slow, deliberate assessment. With two simple words, he ended her quiet anticipation.

“Turn around.”

~

Athena was a bit taken aback by the blunt command, but did as he requested. She had to admit, the way he looked at her when he’d made the demand had turned her on.

He pulled down the zipper of her jumpsuit, and the soft material fell from her shoulders and hung around her waist.

“Take it off.”

Athena turned to face him as she shimmied out of the one-piece outfit, keeping her movements slow and seductive. Though she was nervous about playing a game that required her to relinquish complete control to him—in a room filled with whips and chains—she tried not to let it hold her back from experiencing something different. She had been the one to insist they go this far, she wouldn’t back down now. Even if the anticipation of the unknown was a bit unsettling.

His gaze never left her as the garment fell to the ground and she stepped out of it. She slipped off her heels and stood there covered in only her black lace bra and panties.

“And the rest of it.”

She stripped off her last pieces of protection without hesitation and stood before him nude. She was far from shy around him, knowing how much he loved her body. Even now, his cheeks were drawn tight with desire and his hands were clenched at his sides. Seeing him battle for self-control strangely eased some of her anxiety, but it didn’t change the fact that she was standing there completely naked while he was still fully clothed.

And the longer she stood there, the more unnerved she became.

She took a careful step toward him, intending to help him out of his clothes. She managed to undo the first two buttons of his shirt before he grabbed her hands.

“I didn’t give you permission to undress me.” Instead of releasing her, he pulled her to him and kissed her deeply. “You’re going to have to wait your turn, sweets,” he murmured against her lips.

The teasing reproach took the sting out of his curt reprimand. She may enjoy being tied up from time to time, but she didn’t consider herself the subservient type. It was a foreign role for her. But tonight was for him. If he wanted to role-play and exert his dominance over her, she wouldn’t deny him that small escape from their usual sex play.

He led her to the center of the room, where the rope hung from a wooden beam on the ceiling. Without a word, he brought her hands together and began looping the rough rope around her wrists. He completed the task silently, his movements calm and steady. She, on the other hand, was a jumble of nerves on the inside. Once her hands were secure, he pulled down on the other end and her arms instantly rose above her head.

“Is it too tight?”

She shook her head, unable to speak from either excitement or trepidation—or both. He secured the end of the rope on something, forcing her arm to remain above her head. Instinctively, she tugged on them, but the rope held firm.

She was effectively at his mercy.

A few moments passed by and yet he did nothing. Like a lion stalking its prey, he circled her, his steps cool and unhurried. He removed his dark button-down shirt, but still made no move to touch her.

Minutes, though they felt like hours, passed before he finally stopped in front of her. He gazed down at her as he trailed his fingers up along her arm. His touch was as light and gentle as a butterfly’s kiss, sending a small shiver down her arms.

“Do you feel that?” he asked, continuing the soft caress.

“Yes.”

“Was it pleasure or pain?”

She didn’t even need to think about it. “Pleasure.”

“Good.” He stopped when he reached her hands, and pushed something soft into her palm. “Can you hold that?”

Athena closed her fingers around the soft material. She glanced up and realized she was holding her panties.

She frowned, confused, and returned her gaze to his.

“If you drop them then I’ll know.”

“Know what?”

“That your hands are numb.”

She nodded, though she was impressed with how much he knew. “Are you sure you’ve only done this once?”

His grin was fleeting before it was replaced by a stoic expression. “I didn’t give you permission to speak.”

Her mouth snapped shut and she waited for his next move. He trailed his fingers down her arm again, following the same path he had on his way up. Another shiver coursed through her.

“What I’m going to do next is going to require you to give yourself to me completely, to let go and just feel. Can you do that?”

She nodded obediently. “Yes.”

“Good,” he murmured, running his palm down the side of her breast. “Now close your eyes and just feel.”

Athena let her lids flutter shut and released a soft sigh. Her outstretched position left her open and completely exposed to him. She shifted with anticipation, her body only moving as far as the rope would let her.

His touch at first was teasing, barely lingering, as he trailed his fingertips along her waist and down the curve of her lower back. Her nipples beaded from the feather-light sensation, desperately seeking out his attention. But he didn’t give it to them. Instead, he curled his hand under her ass until he was touching her. She couldn’t suppress the moan that burst out of her. He slid a finger between her folds and began caressing her, gently rubbing her damp flesh until she couldn’t stand it.

“Please…”

“Shh,” Ever so slowly, he dipped his finger into her wet core, burying his digit deep inside her.

She jerked against his hand as a throaty cry tore through her—this one a cross between a whimper and a moan. Her body clenched around him as he gradually pulled out of her then leisurely pushed back in. The pressure was steadily building in her, and she rocked against his hand, her desire pooling around his thrusting finger.

Reflexively, she tugged at her arms again, wanting to wrap them around him, to hold him. But they remained stretched above her and she let out a frustrated whimper.

“Davie?”

“I’m here, baby.”

It was as if he sensed her need to touch him. Without pulling out of her wet core and ending his torturous teasing, he drew her forward. Her breast flattened against his bare chest, and his belt buckle—and erection—dug into her abdomen. She’d never felt more aware of her body or his than she did in that moment. Having their bodies pressed against each other so intimately, his finger pushed deep inside her, was the most erotic sensation she’d ever experienced.

He brought his lips down onto her exposed throat, sucking on her tender skin, and her head fell back as another wave of intense pleasure coursed through her. She shivered and writhed against him, seeking out the fulfillment that hovered near. As the pressure began to build, she lifted her leg and looped it around his hip. He chuckled when she tried to force him close to her, silently demanding that he end her torment and come inside her.

“Not yet, sweets.” He pulled away from her and dipped his head down to her breasts. Drawing a taut nipple into his warm mouth, he sucked at her strongly.

A burst of prickling heat spread through her as he continued licking and sucking at the sensitive bud. He continued his bold caress, pushing his finger into her with a vigor that brought her close to fulfillment. Wave after wave of deep pleasure rolled through her body as molten heat pooled around his finger. With a sharp cry, she succumbed to the incredible sensation he built inside her, gasping and panting uncontrollably.

He held her close, his breathing heavy in the silent room as she came down from her peak. She hung from the rope, her body going slack from the intensity of her release. Suddenly, he pulled away from her and she instantly missed the heat of his body. He moved behind her and gripped her hips hard. He jerked her to him and his erection probed fervently against her ass.

“I want to fuck you like this,” he said gruffly, his breath brushing against the back of her neck. “I want to make you come hard. Again and again.”

His guttural words, spoken so close to her ear, sent a rush of desire through her. She wanted him inside her. Bad.

But the thought of not being able to see him, to touch him, brought back the same fears and anxieties of that night long ago when her screams and shouts of refusal had gone unanswered.

He rubbed his erection firmly against her rear and she cringed, the ugly memories of that night assailing her. She clenched her teeth, trying to concentrate on his touch, forcing herself to remember it was Davie touching her and he would never hurt her.

But it was too late. Her panic overpowered her.

“Davie, stop.” She jerked away from him. “I want to stop now.”

His movements halted for a heartbeat before he tightened his hold and held her still. “But we’re just getting started, sweets.”

“No. I don’t want this.”

“You don’t want me touching you?”

She shook her head. “Not like this.”

“Why? Am I hurting you?”

“No, but—”

“Then why can’t I make love to you like this?” Again, he pulled her firmly against his hard shaft.

“Because I don’t like it. Now please stop.”

Davie would never hurt me, she reminded herself. But still, nothing felt the same anymore, and she suddenly hated the vulnerability that left her completely exposed and defenseless.

“Just relax, baby,” he murmured, his warm breath brushing against the back of her neck, bringing back the overpowering memory of her assault.

Athena hadn’t been able to “relax” that night ten years ago, when the young man who was supposed to have been her friend had pinned her down and forced her to have sex with him. She hadn’t been able to ease her terror or disgust, but she had forced herself to endure his violation.

Something she had vowed never to let happen again.

Once more, Davie tightened his arm around her and forced her solidly against him. She jerked away from him yet again, her body growing rigid as she fought to control her growing panic.

“I said stop.”

He froze. “Tena—”

“Bedpost.”

An unnatural stillness settled in the room. Without warning, the panties she’d held in her hands slipped from her fingers. She realized in that moment that her whole body had gone numb. He quietly pulled away from her.

She felt more alone than she had in a long time.





♠♠♠





Balcony Sex


♠♠♠



Tonight had been a mistake.

David stared out at the dark tropical scenery as the murky tide rolled in from the ocean. Leaning against the wooden railing of the villa’s balcony, he let the cool ocean breeze move through his open shirt and brush across his exposed chest. The beautiful island was a shadow of itself under the soft glow of the moonlight, with its silence and secrets—much like his current situation with Tena.

He wasn’t ignorant of the real reason for her phobia. Her reaction tonight had largely to do with her attack those many years ago—memories she had never shared with him. Regret still weighed him down for not being there to protect her, and guilt festered in his gut for making her relive that moment tonight. Having her pull away from him did little for his male ego, and the realization that she didn’t trust him as much as she believed she did only added to his resentment.

“Davie, are we going to talk about this?”

He glanced behind him to find her standing in the open doorway of the bedroom balcony, wrapped in a thick bathrobe and her skin still damp from her bath. He’d always felt they shared a special bond, that nothing could come between, yet there she stood only inches away from him and he’d never felt her more beyond his reach then he did now.

Damn.

He turned to stare back out at the obscure landscape of their temporary private oasis. He’d been a fool to think he could make her forget years of trauma in one night. Or even over several nights. And it wasn’t lost on him that they hadn’t made love since they’d arrived on this island. Yet despite it all—the tension and bitterness—he still wanted her. He always wanted her. But for the first time, he felt unsure about himself—about them.

“Davie?” She stepped out onto the small balcony and came up to where he stood. She placed a hand on his arm, her grip earnest. “Talk to me.”

“What do you want me to say, sweets? It’s obvious you don’t trust me and there’s nothing I can do to change that.”

He turned to her then, and another wave of guilt rolled through him at the concern and distress clouding her eyes. He felt like a selfish jerk. Since they’d left the club, he’d been silent until now. But “open and honest” was their rule and he wasn’t going to sugarcoat how he felt.

“How can you think that? Of course I trust you. I just…I have my preferences. Why does that have to be a problem?”

He pushed away from the rail and leaned his back against it. “Because I don’t want to be afraid you’re going to freeze up or pull away from me whenever I touch you.”

Her brows pulled together. “But you know how I feel about that and I thought you understood. You don’t want something shoved up your ass and I don’t want you to have sex with me from behind. Why are you making it a big deal?”

He shook his head. “It’s not the same thing and you know it. If you told me it was because you hated having me inside you then I would understand. But we both love when I go in deep, and instead of letting me show you how good it would feel between us, you pull away from me?”

She shook her head in resignation. “It’s not about you.”

“No, it’s not. It’s about us and the fact that even though I love you and would never hurt you, you still don’t completely trust me with your body. Do you?”

“Davie—”

“Do you?”

~

Athena stared at him, unsure what to say that would make him understand. Of course she trusted him. It should have been unquestionable, yet there he stood, filled with doubt and bitterness about it. He was upset, that much was certain, but how was she to explain the suffocating anxiety that consumed her whenever he got too close to violating her comfort zone?

What he failed to realize was that her phobia had nothing to do with him. She was the one screwed up and just needed…what? Time? From the looks of his hard expression, she wasn’t sure she would even get that.

Though she knew Davie would never hurt her, she wasn’t ready to explore or relive something that had been the most painful and humiliating moment in her life. And she didn’t have the words to explain it all to him.

She sighed. “You wouldn’t understand.”

He pushed away from the railing and studied her for a moment, his lips set in a grim line. Under the pale moonlight, she could see his barely masked frustration. She hated the distance this thing was putting between them. They were supposed to be celebrating their engagement—not pushing each other away.

“Davie…” She reached for him, but to her dismay, he pulled away from her.

“I’m going to take a shower.”

Athena’s heart sank as she watched him turn to leave her standing there alone. He had never pulled away from her before, and she found it unsettling. In that moment, she understood how he felt. She had pulled away from him at the club, rejected his touch without any explanation beyond the fact that she “didn’t like it.”

She had known him since she was a little girl. Even as a fourteen-year-old rebel, he’d been protective of her, and that hadn’t changed after all these years. Not even when he’d had more than enough grounds to see her arrested three months ago. If there was anyone she could trust, it was him.

She felt like a fool.

“Davie, wait.” He stopped in his tracks at her sharp plea, and she took that opportunity to reach for him again. This time he didn’t pull away from her. “Please, I don’t want us to fight.”

His expression softened, but his weariness was plain to see. “Neither do I. But I can’t pretend that this thing between us doesn’t bother me.”

She stared up at him as tears began to blur her vision. Open and honest. That was their promise to each other. Yet she had broken it every time she refused to open up to him about the most painful moment in her life. She chose to keep it hidden away, instead of giving him the benefit of the doubt.

“Y-you know how much I hate talking about it,” she muttered, a small tremor creeping into her voice. “But I don’t want it to keep coming between us.”

He cupped her chin, his brow furrowed and his jaw clenched tight. “You don’t have to give me the details, sweets. I know this phobia of yours has everything to do with that night you were raped.”

Athena winced at the starkness of the word. It seemed harsh and bleak under the soft moonlight. For the longest, she had avoided using the word in relation to what had happened to her, but not saying the word didn’t change the fact that she’d had her trust and body violated by someone who was supposed to have been a friend.

She turned to stare out at the murky shore and wrapped her arms around herself. It was like a dark void that stared back at her, drawing her into its misery and sorrow. Before Davie, she had kept herself in a place very much like that. A lonely place… A place she never wanted to return to.

With her back to him, she took a deep breath, steeled herself, and tore open the barely healed wound.

“I didn’t know it then, but I was such an idiot and so naïve when it came to men. I thought if I dressed like one, acted like one, they would treat me like one of the guys. And for the most part, they did. Except one. I knew this one guy liked me, and since I wasn’t used to it, I was actually kind of flattered.” She pulled her bathrobe tighter around her and leaned against the banister, thinking of the rich kids she had adopted as her “new family” after Davie had left for college and their old crew had pretty much gone their separate ways. Even her older brother’s presence had been unpredictable and sporadic.

At eighteen she should have been ready to move on like the rest of her old crew had done, but she’d held on to that desire, that overwhelming need, to belong somewhere. And running with a group of underground hackers and computer con artists had seemed like her best option at the time, so she’d taken it.

“One night, I hung back at his place while he showed me how to bypass a new firewall that had just come onto the market. One thing led to another, and the next thing I know, we were on his couch making out. I don’t know how things moved so fast, but suddenly I realized I was on my back with my shirt off and his hands were down my pants. I wasn’t ready to lose my virginity on some dusty old couch, so I tried to end it. I really tried.” She released a shuddering breath. “But he was stronger than I expected. I managed to push him away, but he tackled me back down and I ended up on my stomach with him on top of me. He held me down and I couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe, and his breath…” She closed her eyes and tried to control the sudden tremors. “His breath was hot against my cheek and he kept telling me to relax and so…I stopped fighting him.”

She pushed away from the railing, but her grip on the trim wood was viselike as she continued to stare blindly out at the dark ocean. Anger at the naïve and needy girl she had once been still burned in her. But greater than that was her hatred for the bastard who had robbed her of her dignity and who continued to remain a dark shadow in her life.

Only if you allow it.

It was a sobering thought to know that she had it within her to put this all behind her. The quiet sounds of the dark island made her especially conscious of the silence behind her. She knew Davie still stood there. His presence was palpable. Yet, for a while, neither of them spoke.

Without a sound, he came up behind her and gently rested his hand on her waist as if she would collapse from the light action. She closed her eyes briefly at the delicate touch then leaned back into his warmth and strength.

Reacting as if he could sense her need for his touch, he wrapped his arm around her and pulled her close. “I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you, sweets. I would give anything to erase that night from your memory.”

His rough words were filled with a quiet anguish that tugged at her heart. She placed her hand over the one he rested on her stomach and linked her fingers with his.

“I didn’t tell you this to make you feel guilty, Davie. I did it because I love you and I want you to understand why I reacted the way that I did tonight. It had nothing to do with you or us or the way you make me feel. I just had some really old demons I needed to face.”

He gave her a gentle squeeze. “Just promise me you won’t face them alone. I’m here for you, baby, and I promise I won’t let anyone hurt you like that again. Ever.”

She smiled ruefully. Maybe if she had still been a little girl, she would have believed that. But he wasn’t invincible and bad things happened all the time. She was just glad that she hadn’t let it define her or take over her future.

“You can’t protect me from the world, Davie.” She didn’t realize she was still holding on to his hand until his grip tightened.

“Yes, I can.”

Her lips twitched at his gentle forcefulness and stubborn arrogance. She believed he would do everything in his power to protect her and keep her safe, which was partly why she refused to give him the name of her attacker when he’d demanded it that first night she’d told him about it.

Another part of her was just ready to let that part of her past die.

“Why don’t you help me forget, instead?”

He stiffened behind her when she took his hand and slid it inside her bathrobe. She brought his palm over her breast, and she fell back against him at the pleasure of his touch. He closed his hand over her aching breast and squeezed her with just enough pressure to leave her aching for more.

“Are you sure about this, sweets?”

She rolled her hips back against him in response then pulled open the sash of her robe. The heavy material fell open and the cool night air brushed against her warm skin. In that moment, she was grateful for the cover of night because she wanted to make love to him here. Now.

She turned to face him and found desire etched across his handsome face, along with a tenderness that left her breathless and desperate for his touch. She let her robe fall from her body and, for the second time that night, stood before him gloriously naked. His nostrils flared as his eyes swept down the length of her.

She stepped toward him and pulled off his shirt, never taking her eyes away from his. “I want you to make love to me here, under the moon and stars, with the waves crashing behind us.” She reached for his buckle and yanked at the strap. “I want you to take me anyway you want, how hard you want. I want to feel you come inside me. I want us to make new memories.”

She pulled open his pants and jerked him to her. He fell forward, bracing himself against the rail behind her. She was effectively trapped between him, the banister, and the ocean that yawned in the distance.

“New memories, huh?” His lips curved into a sensual grin as he rubbed his thumb across her hardening nipple then smoothed his hand down the curve of her waist.

Her body clenched with need, and she flattened her palm on his chest, enjoying his hardness and the heat radiating from him. “Yes. Lots of sexy ones.”

He cupped his hand over the curve of her ass and pulled her forward. “Do you trust me?”

“Always,” she said without hesitation.

His eyes glowed with need and satisfaction. “Then don’t look down.”

Before she could register his words, he grabbed her by the waist and lifted her high. She screeched as he planted her on the cool wooden banister, his grip like manacles around her hips.

“Davie!” she screeched, and instantly wrapped her arms around his neck. Her precarious perch on the balcony sent her heart racing as the cool night air brushed across her nude back and whipped through her hair. “If you drop me, I’m gonna kill you.”

He chuckled. “I won’t let anything happen to you, sweets.” He ran his lips across the base of her neck then clasped her hips and pulled her forward. “And you know I would never hurt you. You trust me with your heart. Now trust me with your body.” He settled himself deeper between her thighs, his erection probing her soft opening.

In that moment, she chose to forget everything, to let go of her fears, and create another lasting memory with him.

“You’re crazy, you know that,” she murmured into his ear, letting her body relax against him.

He chuckled again, the sound coming out hoarse and strained this time. “Crazy is good. Now put me inside.”

With one arm still looped around him, she shifted until she was able to reach between their bodies. She guided his hard length into her and they both moaned from the intense pleasure.

He pushed into her deeply and she gasped from the force of his thrust. He withdrew then plunged into her again. Their breathing came out in shuddering pants as her body clenched around him, denying his retreat. Again and again, he drove into her, the force of his speed increasing with each stroke.

“Hold on tight, sweets.”

At his gruff command, she did as he instructed and clutched at his back. Her body shook and swayed as the impact of his heavy thrusts drove her over the edge of the slim railing and she held on to him as if he were her lifeline. Nothing had ever been so thrilling, so electrifying than the vulnerable position she found herself in. She hung in the balance of danger and desire, and the exhilaration of that sent prickles of pleasure coursing through her.

With a harsh grunt, he grabbed her thighs and lifted her from the banister. His fingers dug into her soft flesh as he pounded into her. Sharp cries wrenched from her as he pumped fiercely into her, his body slamming into her with a force that bordered on pleasure and pain.

In the end, pleasure won out and she couldn’t keep the tremors at bay. With a shuddering gasp, she threw her head back and gave in to her release with abandonment and wonder.

Above them, the moon and the stars never looked so bright. The rolling waves never sounded so calm and the air never tasted so sweet.

This was what complete release felt like.





♠♠♠





My Sweets


♠♠♠



One week later…



Athena slowly came awake to the soft sound of the ocean crashing onto the shore. In the distance, a seagull called out a greeting to the sun sluggishly rising over the horizon. Davie’s arm pulled her close, her bare back pressing against his hard frame, and she nestled in his warm embrace.

Today was their last day on the island and she was in no rush to return to the real world. There was something about the sun and the ocean that made her feel free and uninhibited.

Or maybe those feelings had nothing to do with the island and everything to do with her finally understanding what it meant to completely give herself to the love of her life. The past few days had been incredible with what she had uncovered about herself and what she had gained as a result.

The dark memories that had always hovered near her subconscious, that she had tried her hardest to conceal, had finally been freed. Now, it was quickly becoming just another unfortunate moment from her troubled past—one that she hoped one day she would never have to give a flicker of thought about.

Until then, she would be satisfied with knowing that she had managed to restore her peace of mind and reclaim her life.

“Are you awake?”

Athena kept her eyes closed, but smiled at the rough question spoken into her ear. “No.”

Davie chuckled, his chest rumbling behind her as he brought his hands between her legs. He slipped his finger into her and she moaned, her hand clutching at the soft pillow beneath her head.

“You’re ready for me, baby.”

It wasn’t a question, but she nodded anyway, his slick finger gently pulling out of her. He shifted her toward his probing shaft until it nudged against her damp folds. Lifting her leg over his, he pushed deep into her as she rocked her hips back. They shuddered from the incredible sensation as he continued his leisurely thrusts. He trailed light kisses along her shoulder and neck until she turned her face to capture his lips.

Their lovemaking was tender and indulgent and a great way to end their last morning in paradise. He cupped her breasts and ran a thumb along her straining nipple. She swallowed her cries of pleasure as he pumped into her in another long stroke. They moved together in a fluid beat that was theirs and theirs alone. She found herself hovering close to fulfillment until he rolled her onto her stomach then pulled her hips back against him. He drove himself deeper into her and she gasped, her body clenching around him tightly.

Suddenly, he stilled his movements and hovered above her. “Your turn. Finish it.”

With that gruff command, Athena took her cue and pushed back against him again and again. It was his way of giving her control of her own pleasure when they were like this, and she took all of him, took all that he had to give.

She continued rocking her hips back, driving his hard length into her wet channel until she came crashing down from her high like the early morning tide. With a harsh groan, and one final plunge, he too gave in to his pleasure and came hurtling down with her.

In the aftermath, they lay in the large canopy bed watching the sun complete its ascent.

“We’re going home today.” He’d spoken matter-of-factly, but Athena was still able to pick up on a small pang of disappointment.

“Yes,” was all she could manage as she struggled to keep her own disappointment at bay.

He trailed his finger along her jaw and over her lower lip. “I love you, Tena.”

Warmth spread through her at his simple declaration. She would never tire of hearing those words. “I love you too, baby.” She cupped his face and brought him down for a long, breathtaking kiss. When they pulled away, his steel-gray eyes gleamed with desire.

“I want you to remember what I said the other day, sweets. You’re mine and I won’t ever let anyone hurt you.”

“Hmm, I love it when you get all territorial,” she teased. His irrational guilt over her attack was something she hadn’t been able to shake from him, but it warmed her heart to know she had his undying love and protection.

“I’m serious, Tena,” he said, his expression grim. “I’m never going to let anything happen to you.”

“Good,” she said, lightly brushing his tousled hair into place with her fingers. “Because I won’t let anything happen to you either.”

He flashed her a brilliant smile. “Good. When we get back, we’ll need to start planning the wedding. Are you up for that?”

“As long as we plan it together. Remember, what we have is a true loving partnership, so if you think you’re gonna dominate me, you can forget about it.”

His eyes sparkled with mischief. “I only do it to let people know that you’re mine.”

“Trust me, everyone will know I’m yours. Just like they’ll know you’re mine.”

“How?”

She laughed. “I’ll shout it from the rooftop of Royal Courts.”

He studied her for a moment then got out of the bed. “I have a better idea…”

“Where are you going?” she called after him.

“Don’t move.”

It wasn’t long before he returned to the bed and pulled the sheets away from her. She gasped in surprise when he hooked his arms under her legs and jerked her forward. Holding her breath in anticipation, Athena waited for the first stroke of his warm tongue against her sensitive flesh.

Instead, she felt the smooth glide of a pen over her skin.

Frowning, Athena leaned up on her elbows and glanced down at his bent head. “Now what are you doing?”

He lifted his head and stared down her pelvis, a crooked grin forming on his lips. It took her a few seconds to make out the words boldly written in black ink between her abdomen and thigh. My sweets.

She fell back on the bed and burst into laughter. “Um, I don’t remember giving you permission to mark me.”

His smirk widened before he dipped his head low and buried his face between her thighs. Athena fell back on the bed and shuddered as he slowly ran his tongue over the sensitive, hard nub. A deep moan burst from her lips and she clutched at his hair as he continued his slow teasing. He licked and sucked at her hungrily until she came again, her body shuddering with intense pleasure.

His bright gray eyes burned with desire as he came over her and settled between her thighs. “There. I licked it so it’s mine.”

Her soft laughter swiftly turned into a gasp when he slid his hard shaft into her and she concentrated on nothing else except him and the infinite ecstasy awaiting them.

♠

THE END





DEAR READER



I hope you enjoyed this spin-off short of David and Tena. If you haven’t read the beginning of their story, check them out in HIS BEDPOST QUEEN. There’s more to come for these two so be sure to sign up for my mailing list to get the latest on their upcoming sequel, THE DEVIL’S BEDPOST (Fall 2015). It’s going to be filled with suspense, scandal, and steamy love scenes!



Sign up for my mailing list.

Check out my other books on Amazon.



Connect with me on…

Blog • Facebook • Goodreads • Twitter • Web





ABOUT THE AUTHOR



Lena Hart is a Florida native currently living in the Harlem edge of New York City. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual interracial romances with a flare of suspense and mystery. When Lena is not busy writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about Lena and her work, visit LenaHartSite.com.



Other Books by Lena



The Queen Quartette Series

His Flower Queen

His Bedpost Queen

Queen of His Heart

His Diamond Queen



Because You… Series

Because You Love Me

Because You Are Mine

Because This Is Forever



Anthologies

For Love & Liberty

Love in Black & White





