A SWEET SURRENDER

A Short Historical Romance



Lena Hart





A SWEET SURRENDER

Copyright © 2015



E-book ISBN: 978-1-941885-13-0

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.



No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission, except in the case of brief passages embodied in critical reviews and articles.





TABLE OF CONTENTS



DEAR READER

BOOKS BY LENA HART

A SWEET SURRENDER

Prologue

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

AUTHOR’S NOTE

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

BE NOT AFRAID





DEAR READER



A Sweet Surrender is my debut into historical romance and I’m excited to be re-releasing it with a never-before-published prologue! This short story was initially published in the Revolutionary War anthology, FOR LOVE & LIBERTY, in reverence to America’s independence from England. But mainly, this story was written in respect to the “unalienable rights” we are all entitled to—life, liberty, and the pursuit of happily-ever-after.



Siara and James’ story is only a sample of what’s to come from me and my forthcoming historical romances so I hope you enjoy!



Happy reading,

Lena ♥



Sign up for my mailing list.

Check out my other books on Amazon.



Connect with me on…

Blog • Facebook • Goodreads • Twitter • Web





BOOKS BY LENA HART



Because You Love Me

Because You Are Mine

Because This Is Forever



The Queen Quartette Series

His Flower Queen

His Bedpost Queen

Queen of His Heart

His Diamond Queen



Short Stories

B is for Bedpost



Anthologies

For Love & Liberty

Love in Black & White

The Brightest Day





A SWEET SURRENDER



New York, 1777…



Siaragowaeh of the Onyota’aka tribe has a love for all things living and when a fallen British soldier becomes severely wounded, Siara secretly nurtures the officer back to health, putting her own position in her tribe at risk.



Sergeant James Blake of His Majesty’s elite assault troops vaguely remembers the ambush that left him at the mercy of a beautiful native woman…a woman he isn’t yet certain he can trust. When a narrow escape from Siara’s village forces them on the trail together, desire soon flares even brighter between them.



Yet in a journey driven by duty and complicated by loyalty, Siara and James must determine if they will follow their predestined paths or surrender to their hearts and chart anew…





For all those who fought and all those who were forgotten.

“Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good.”





—Thomas Paine





Prologue



Early October, 1777

Upstate New York

The stench of blood and death was strong.

Fear was stronger.

It permeated the cool, autumn air of the ravaged battlefield and hung about as lurid as the groans of the dying men around him.

Not his men, however. None of them were among the dead. They wouldn’t be part of his elite cavalry had they made themselves so easy a target.

Sergeant James Blake surveyed the field of dead bodies, not as unaffected by the sight as his demeanor would suggest. But they were in the midst of war and sympathy or remorse was a dangerous companion to have in battle. Shrewd ruthlessness and cold indifference was what kept them alive. He needed to remember that and be grateful it wasn’t him or his men drawing in their last breath on the cool, damp earth.

Yet, the sight of the nameless enemy combatants that lay slain around him didn’t ease the cold pit that had settled in his gut. The familiar uneasiness only expanded until it crawled its way up the nape of his neck.

“Something doesn’t feel right about this attack, Sergeant.”

James grunted and turned to his corporal. “I agree, Thomas. These men weren’t trained to fight.”

In fact, the soldiers they had easily defeated had been like sitting ducks, used only as targets to draw the enemy out. Had there been any other way around them, James would have taken it. But they needed to continue north, needed to get to Saratoga if they were to aide General Burgoyne in his campaign to Albany.

A foolhardy mission on Burgoyne’s part.

In his hopes to trap the Continental Army in Albany, Burgoyne and his troops were now trapped. Yet, as bold and ill-executed as the general’s plan was, James couldn’t disobey a direct order. He would lead his men to Saratoga, but he’d be damned if he walked them right into an ambush. With his growing apprehension, that was precisely what it felt like.

“Thomas, take the men west and wait for my command,” James instructed. “We need to clear that crossing, but I want to be sure there aren’t any surprises awaiting us.”

It was unlikely that they had, but James couldn’t shake the feeling that they were in a vulnerable position, despite their rivals lying dead around them. No one knew of their progression north—they had only received the missive from General Clinton that morning to make their way to Saratoga.

Thomas frowned. “We cannot afford to have you walk into a trap, Sergeant.”

And James couldn’t afford to lose any more of his men. His fealty to the crown and his responsibility to his troops kept him fighting in this hopeless war with the Colonists. He’d already lost it all. Unlike many of his men, he had no wife, no family, to return home to. The moment he’d held his dying young brother in his arms, he’d given up the folly of ever having that life for himself.

All he had left now was his duty as sergeant to lead his sixty grenadier soldiers to victory in each and every battle.

“Let me ride in your place,” Thomas offered.

James shook his head. “With my steed, I will have better luck eluding our enemies if they have indeed plotted such an attack.” Only he and several of his men rode astride, including his second-in-command. The others marched afoot. If he was heading into a trap, James could trust the speed and dexterity of his mount to lead him to safety.

“Then let me ride with you.”

James shook his head again. “We risk exposure if there are more of us. I will ride ahead and signal you if the path is clear.”

“But Sergeant—”

“It is done, Corporal,” James said forcefully. “Now wait for my command.”

James didn’t wait for his acknowledgment. He veered his horse around and rode north, keeping off the main road. The soft glow of the crescent moon offered little light so he kept his pace slow, fixing his gaze on every shadow as his steed trudged through the dense forest.

The stillness in the air was unsettling, but he welcomed it. Silence didn’t mean there weren’t savages or Colonists lurking about, but they could handle a small group of assailants. It was walking into a well-trained, heavily armed militia that he wanted to avoid.

James stopped and surveyed his surroundings. If they remained on this trail, they could continue their journey through the night and shorten their trip to Saratoga by a day as was his goal.

As he started back to where his men waited, a whisper of noise darted pass his ear. James spun his head at the sound and it took him a millisecond to recognize the arrow lodged in the tree behind him.

“Bloody hell.”

No sooner was the curse past his lips that a sharp pain pierced through his thigh and into his horse’s side. The animal screeched and reared up. James tightened his hold on his reins as the horse shot forward into a full gallop. He gritted his teeth at the pain shooting through his leg but he fought to gain control of the horse. The animal, however, wouldn’t be tamed.

Charging through the forest in a mad dash, the large warhorse finally brought them to a clearing. James cursed again as he struggled to calm the wounded animal. He spotted the small army of Bluecoats and veered the horse left.

Right into a trap.

James instantly recognized the familiar crackling of the cannon, but it was too late. The deafening roar splintered through the quiet night as a burst of white light flashed before him. Immense heat followed, scorching his flesh, until there was nothing but darkness.





Chapter 1



Two weeks later…

“Siara, don’t get too close.”

Siaragowaeh ignored the old healer’s sharp words and knelt beside the sleeping man. She gently placed her hand over his brow. He was now cool to the touch. She fell back on her haunches in relief. The fever was finally leaving his large body.

“Siara!”

“Don’t worry, Etu,” she said in their native tongue, preferring their language to that of the English. Though she needed the practice, Etu barely spoke the foreign language and despite the sachem’s encouragement to adopt the English tongue in their everyday speech, few of those in their clan—the Bear clan—did. She turned to the older woman and offered her a reassuring smile. “See, he’s still asleep.”

“Not for long,” Etu grumbled, her thin lips narrowing further. “My night visions are never wrong. He will rise soon and I see nothing but trouble coming.”

Siara hadn’t told the old medicine woman about yesterday, when the stranger had woken in a state of confusion and grabbed her arm in a painful grip. It was the first time he had become fully conscious, his eyes wide and wild. Fascinating eyes. As clear and blue as the sky above.

She’d been startled, but not afraid, sensing his fear and need for reassurance. She could only imagine his confusion and delirium. For several days, he had fought the fever while she had tended to the wound on his right thigh. It had taken a gentle touch to his face before he had once again calmed and drifted off into a deep sleep.

The risk she was taking by bringing him here was tremendous. Yet when she had found the wounded, motionless man fighting for his life, she hadn’t been able to leave him or turn him over to their clan mother, who would have simply deferred to the chief. Siara had recognized the man’s bright red uniform and knew he fought for the other side. Since her tribe now sided with the settlers, they wouldn’t care if the wounded man lived or died.

Especially not her betrothed.

Akando had become more ruthless since he’d been appointed the new chief warrior of his clan, the Wolf clan. From what she’d seen of his treatment of captured soldiers, she couldn’t possibly trust him with this vulnerable life.

Though Siara had a deep appreciation for all those who breathed, she wasn’t ignorant to the ways of the Europeans. They took what they wanted with no regard for those before them. They staked claim on people, land, and things that did not belong to them. They ruthlessly killed and plundered without care or concern. Some of them were not to be trusted.

Yet that did not stop her from helping this man.

She was grateful Etu had agreed to keep her secret about the shrouded campsite they’d constructed around the fallen soldier. The crudely built shelter was supported against a large tree with low hanging branches, keeping it safely hidden. It was wide enough to fit three grown men, giving her and Etu enough room to move. Their secret camp was also a good distance away from their village, and she didn’t have to worry about anyone finding them. Not that anyone would venture this far from the village. Many were afraid to wander into these forsaken grounds.

This part of their land had been condemned by the tribe’s council members for the many souls that had been lost along its border since the start of the fight between the whites. Yet it was a night vision that had propelled her to come here that fateful day. Her visions were never as consistent as Etu’s, and often meant nothing, but she’d come anyway, to pray for the lost souls here. That’s when she’d found him, barely clinging to life. Luckily, Etu hadn’t been afraid. She had believed they should bury the wounded man, to keep his spirit from living among them, but when he continued to live on through the night, Siara had been filled with hope. She hadn’t expected Etu to remain helping her this long, but was extremely grateful for it. With all her gray-haired wisdom, Etu had taught her a lot, but Siara’s skill for tending the sick was no match for the experienced healer.

Siara checked the dressing around the man’s wound and was pleased to find it still healing nicely. It would scar—there was nothing she could do to prevent that—but it would be no worse than the jagged, puckered mark just below his left rib cage. He had many other faint scars, but none as bad as that one. Though his lean, well-muscled body was riddled with old and new marks, he radiated with life and she was determined to sustain it.

As she reset the dressing on his leg, her gaze unconsciously slid over to the juncture of his thighs and lingered there. While the fever had raged in him, she and Etu had taken turns wiping him down and keeping him cool. Though she had tried to be discreet, she had gotten more than a glimpse of his male member and had been fascinated. He was built like a stallion, long and thick. Even now, it was outlined by the single sheet.

Blushing, she glanced away.

She’d seen other men nude during her care of the sick and wounded, but his body was the most magnificent. He was fair, but not as pale as some of the other Europeans she’d come across. The hair on his head and along his jaw was the color of dried grass. Those sprinkled on his chest, arms, and legs were a shade darker. His eyebrows were thick and framed his strong, broad face. A handsome, fascinating face.

Everything about him fascinated her.

“Siara, we cannot keep tending to him much longer,” Etu said as she brought over the cup of broth. “More of our men continue to arrive wounded and are more in need of our care. I need to focus my efforts on helping them. Not this one pale face.”

“I understand, Etu,” Siara said dutifully, taking her place behind his head and gently propping it on her lap. The older woman had been a sort of guardian to her since she’d lost her parents some time ago, and she respected Etu like a grandmother. “I also appreciate your help in this, but I can’t give up on him now. Not until he can build his strength to leave us on his own.” How can I abandon him now when he is nearly well?

Grumbling, Etu shook her head, her hunched shoulders stooping further in resignation. Siara paid her no mind as she gently jostled the man awake. He groaned. When his eyes flickered and partly opened, she reached for the cup and tilted it to his lips.

“Drink,” Siara whispered softly in English. She slowly and steadily poured the warm liquid into his mouth. “He’s getting stronger every day,” she said to Etu. That left her conflicted. Though she was delighted to know he was getting better, the thought of him leaving here filled her with a sadness she couldn’t place or make sense of. It would be better for her and safer for him if he got well enough to leave their land soon. Yet for the past several days she had nursed him, had nurtured him back to health, and had come to care deeply for him and his well-being—more than she should have.

After he’d taken enough sips to satisfy her, she laid down the cup and ran her fingers over his brows and temples. She enjoyed touching him. With each passing moment, his body hummed with life and strength.

“He will be well soon,” she murmured. “I can feel it.”

“You will also feel Akando’s firm hand on your backside when he finds out about this,” Etu retorted.

Siara ignored her and began humming a song meant to comfort and soothe her patient to sleep.

Etu clucked her tongue. “You are threading fire, girl.”

Siara glanced up at the old woman with a soft smile. “Everything will be fine, Etu. You will see.” She returned her attention to the man and continued running her fingertips along his brows, watching his features soften into sleep.

There was a peace there, where there hadn’t been before. He was getting better and that was all she could hope for.



****



The burning throb on his leg pulled him from his deep slumber.

Sergeant James Blake steeled himself against the stabbing pain and slowly took in the sounds around him. He was still alive. A miracle to say the least. The vague sounds of a cannon blast and the faint stench of smoke were still very tangible to him. His body ached still and his leg hurt like hell, but he was grateful to be alive.

It was morning now. The loud chirping of the early birds and the smell of fresh dew in the air told him that much. He kept his eyes closed, not moving a muscle. The soft voice that had spoken hours earlier was near. She spoke in a language he didn’t understand, but it was her.

His dream woman.

His angel.

No, not an angel. Just a woman. A beautiful woman…but only a woman. He had finally managed to open his eyes yesterday—or had it been the day before? He couldn’t remember. Time swirled in his mind, and he lost what little memory he remembered of the ambush that had sent him flying from his horse.

What he did remember was sun-kissed brown skin and large, chestnut-colored eyes.

James continued to lie still when she came near him again. She was alone this time. Whoever it was she had spoken to had left her behind. The woman knelt beside him and briefly placed a warm hand on his cheek. Her light touch on his face and body was soothing—and jarring.

James opened his eyes to slits, peering down at her bent head as she lifted the linen from his naked body. She removed the bandage from his thigh, exposing the wound. He gritted his teeth against the pain of the cool air scraping against his fiery flesh. She applied a slippery salve to the injury, which began to numb the area and chase away the pain. Her movements were deft and unhurried. In the soft morning light, he made out her dark, delicate features. Her long, wavy black hair was braided in two large plaits, though the long strands were pulled to one side of her head, exposing the oak-brown skin of her smooth neck. A slender, elegant neck. One made for kissing.

He wanted to touch her. To pull her over him and nuzzle the tender spot. But he could do neither. His member was willing but his body was beyond weary.

Her slender frame was hidden by her native overdress and skirt, but her perched position left enough of her leg exposed for him to formulate his own thoughts of their softness. He lowered his gaze until he caught sight of the flint knife tied to the sash at her waist. The blade served as a rude reminder that he was defenseless and completely at her mercy.

He didn’t like that. In a time of war, that was a dangerous position to be in—something he had learned the hard way and the scar below his ribs was the result of that lesson.

She redressed his wound then replaced the blanket over his exposed body. With fluid grace, she rose to her feet and left. He waited a few minutes before he opened his eyes fully.

A quick inspection revealed that he was in a crudely built camp with only a blanket beneath him. He gingerly sat up and shifted his leg to test its strength. The salve had helped, reducing the sharp pain to a dull ache. When he attempted to rise, however, he immediately fell back on the blanket. Growling in frustration, he tried again, only to fall back once more, panting. He was still too weak. He would have to wait.

Patience wasn’t his strong suit, but he had no choice. He needed to build his strength before he could get the hell out of here.

Had he exercised patience, perhaps he wouldn’t have found himself in this uncertain position. He could only hope his sixty grenadier soldiers had not been caught by the surprise blast. He’d ridden ahead of his men as they made their way north to join General Burgoyne’s camp, under General Henry Clinton’s command. Burgoyne’s campaign toward Albany was being forestalled and the general had requested immediate assistance in Saratoga to continue on. However, with the majority of the British regiment still in Philadelphia with General Howe, Burgoyne’s plan to take over Albany was ambitious to say the least. James had suggested as much but under General Henry Clinton’s command, he had been ordered to ride to Saratoga with his small cavalry of elite assault troops in aid of Burgoyne. But that had been days, perhaps even weeks, since he and his specialized guards had sortied from New York Island, where last he remembered Clinton had been restricted with his own limited reinforcements. They had been close to their destination north, about two days’ ride to Albany—or four days to Saratoga if they rode directly.

James needed to know what had happened to his men. His loyalty to them was what kept him fighting in this irrational war. Duty forced him to stay and serve the Crown, but it was his commitment to his troops that demanded he not leave them behind. He’d already failed his brother—he wasn’t prepared to fail them too.

Unless the path had been compromised, they would have ridden on. If that had not been possible, Thomas, his second-in-command, would have directed the group to rejoin Clinton. Either way, James would soon need to make his move and continue north.

For now, however, he would wait.

And so he did.

For the next three days, he waited and bided his time until he achieved a stronger command over his body.

The woman continued to tend to him and he learned her schedule. While she was away, he would rise and work on regaining authority over his weak limbs. He was limited in how much he could do, but with each passing moment, he built back the strength in his weak muscles.

When she came near, he would pretend sleep, though it wouldn’t be something he would be able to continue much longer. With every touch, every caress, he had to fight with his body to keep from responding.

Her touch was a guilty pleasure he looked forward to each day. And at night…at night, he would lie exhausted on the rough blanket and dream of her.





Chapter 2



It was to Siara’s dismay that she learned she was to leave the village in two days’ time.

Chief Oskanondonha was arranging a relief party to travel further east to aid the Colonists and help tend to the wounded. Each clan was required to provide people and resources and Etu had volunteered her to go.

“Etu, I can’t leave him,” Siara whispered earnestly, keeping her voice low so others in the longhouse wouldn’t hear. “Not yet. You know that.”

Etu grabbed her arm and dug her fingers into her. Siara winced.

“You are becoming foolish with this stranger,” she rasped in frustration. “Others are beginning to notice you missing throughout the day. Do you know Akando came by the longhouse, and I couldn’t account for your whereabouts?”

Siara groaned inwardly. She hated how he exercised his authority over her when they were not wed yet. However, she couldn’t ignore the fact that they soon would be. She had managed to ward off his advances as long as she could, but Akando had used his favor with the clan mother and sachem to “encourage” their union. Since she was an untied woman in her prime for child bearing, she had no defenses in denying his request for marriage. But while she was still free of him, she refused to have him rule over her as he tended to do.

“I will deal with Akando,” she said to the older woman.

Etu shook her head. “I do not like this. The stranger should have risen by now. If he is trapped in the eternal sleep, there is nothing else you can do for him.”

Initially, Siara had the same concern. She had expected the stranger to come fully awake by now, but it had been days since he’d last opened his eyes and seized her in a fevered dream. His color was improving and it took little prompting for him to swallow the broth she fed him and yet he still remained barely conscious. She’d seen men fall to injury and slowly slip into the eternal slumber. Though they still breathed, they never woke again.

But his injury was healing properly and she rarely had to change his bandage. He had even stirred yesterday—or rather parts of him had. She blushed, thinking of it now. The image of his male member thickening beneath the linen cloth was vivid in her mind. She’d been cleaning the area around his wound and his body had responded to her touch in a way it hadn’t before, yet when she’d glanced up at his face, he’d showed no signs of awareness.

“Then please promise me you will tend to him while I’m away,” Siara said adamantly.

Etu shook her head. “He’s not my concern anymore, Siara, and he is no longer yours. In two days’ time, you will leave with the others.”

Siara frowned. Etu had the power to send someone else in her place, but the look in the old woman’s dark eyes said she wouldn’t concede in this. Though she understood Etu’s concern for her attachment to the stranger, Siara didn’t understand why the older woman thought sending her away would help matters. She could be gone for weeks. Who would take care of him then?

As she’d done many times now, she secretly gathered a few provisions and carefully made her way to the hidden campsite. Etu had stopped coming with her, but Siara continued to go and tend to the stranger on her own. She carried a flint knife with her as she ventured into the condemned woods alone, refusing to stay away as Etu had undoubtedly expected her to.

When she entered the makeshift shelter, it took her a moment to realize the blankets were empty. She froze as panic set in.

Had someone taken him?

A shadow fell over her from behind and she sucked in her breath. Before she could spin around, a hard hand clasped over her mouth, smothering her scream. The small bowl of broth she’d carried slipped from her fingers and crashed to the ground.

“I would hate to have to hurt you, love,” a strong, male voice said close to her ear. “But I will if you provoke me.”

Siara knew with every fiber in her being that it was the stranger. His nakedness pressed firmly along her backside, though his voice was stronger and clearer than she would have expected it to be. She reached up to peel his hand away from her mouth. She had to let him know that she meant him no harm.

His hand only tightened, jerking her head back against his bare chest. She reached for the flint knife, but he was quick, grabbing it before she could get to it.

“Don’t make me hurt you,” he said harshly, tightening his arms around her.

Panicked from the hard grip he had around her mouth, Siara swung her arm back. Her fist landed on his bandaged thigh and he drew in a sharp breath.

“Bloody hell.”

She pulled away from him and he released her, bracing his weight on his other leg. She struggled internally with her concern for him and fear of potential retaliation. Though she hadn’t meant to hurt him, he’d left her no choice.

She made a move for the knife in his hands, but he tossed it away and tackled her to the ground. Everything moved in a blur as she tried to push past him, but he grabbed her by the waist and forced her to the hard earth. He fell over her with a grunt, gripping her wrists and forcing them over her head.

He was stronger than she would have expected. Too strong for someone who had just come from a lengthy recovery.

“Stop fighting me,” he growled, his face just inches from hers.

Their breathing came out in harsh pants as they glared at each other. He was sweating and looked a bit wan, and she realized he had over exerted himself. She was suddenly angry that he would undo so much of the progress his body had made these past few days.

“It’s you who asks for fight,” she snapped, tugging at her arms. “I help you. I save you.” She added emphasis to her words, trying to make him understand.

He stared down at her, saying nothing, though some of the rigidity had left him. It was then she realized how hard and warm his body was as it pressed over her into the ground. Her own body began to soften beneath him, tingling in places it never had before.

He must have experienced the same charge between them because his gaze lowered to her lips. The part of him nestled between her thighs was insistent as it pushed against her.

She tugged at her arms again and he released her, his gaze sliding up from her lips to meet hers. His eyes were the brilliant clear blue she remembered, except there was a heat in them that held her mesmerized. His lips were slightly parted and his face was flushed as he continued to stare down at her…as if he wanted to kiss her.

And she wanted him to.

She held her breath, wanting desperately to feel his lips against hers. But as much as she wanted it, that was something she could not let happen.

Just as he began to lower his head, she placed her hand lightly on his cheek.

“You need rest,” she whispered.

With those words, she unraveled the erotic knot that bound them. He rolled away from her and fell onto the disheveled blankets.

She rose to her knees and hovered above him, trying not to stare below his waist as she placed the linen over him. As hard as she tried, it was difficult not to notice his swollen shaft beneath the cloth. She squeezed her thighs together, trying to dull the sudden tingle growing between her legs.

Remember yourself, Siara, she chided herself. Whether she liked it or not, she was to wed Akando. She should not be having such feelings for another.

Before she could inch up the cloth to check on his leg, he grabbed her hand to still her movements.

“Who are you?” he asked, his tone low, but without the sharp bite from earlier.

“I name Siaragowaeh,” she said lightly, staring into his piercing blue eyes. “My people just say Siara.” Then she repeated his question. “Who are you?”

He hesitated for a moment. “James,” he finally said, releasing her hand. “James Blake.”

She smiled down at him, finding humor in their polite exchange when only moments ago, they had been grappling around like two irate children.

He lay still as she checked his bandage. Luckily, the wound hadn’t opened, but he sucked in his breath at her careful handling.

She looked up at him. “Does it pain?”

“I’ll be fine,” he said through clenched teeth.

She shook her head, exasperated. He was obviously in some pain. “Mule’s head,” she muttered, reaching for the jar of healing salve she kept in the tent.

His lips curved slightly, and she found herself drawn to the way the small movement softened his hard features.

“If you mean to call me stubborn,” he drawled through his clenched teeth, “I believe the word you’re looking for is pigheaded.”

Siara nodded. “Yes, you. Pig’s head.” She focused her attention on his wound, aware of his eyes on her every move. It had been easier to care for him when he had been unconscious, unable to scrutinize her with his penetrating gaze. “I’m sorry I cause you pain,” she said quietly. “But you gave me fear.”

He jerked slightly as she gently applied the salve. “Then I guess you have nothing to apologize for,” he said gruffly.

She glanced up at him again. “How many days you aware?” It was obvious to her now that he had been conscious and quite alert before today.

He was silent for a moment. “A few days now,” he finally admitted. “Where am I? Where are your people?”

“You are with the Onyota’aka tribe. People of the Standing Stone,” she explained. “We good people.” Or at least they had been before they had joined sides and decided to ally themselves with the settlers. They were one of two among the six nations to do so, which put them at odds with the other nations in the Iroquois Confederacy. But she didn’t explain that all to him.

“How long have I been here?”

She paused, mentally counting the days. “One days plus two weeks.”

Once she finished retying his bandage, she was surprised when he began to sit up. She placed her hand on his shoulders, afraid he planned to over-exert himself again.

“No, you need rest.” She had touched him countless times during her care of him, but touching him while he was fully conscious was a different experience. His broad, muscular shoulders flexed under her fingers, pulsing with strength.

“Sorry, love, but it’s not safe for me here.”

“No, I make here safe,” she argued. “We have distance from village. No one trouble you.”

He shook his head slowly. “The longer I stay here, the quicker it will be before someone discovers me.” He stared at her for a moment before saying, “I don’t know why you’ve decided to help me, and that puts me forever in your debt. I can only assume, however, if you’ve hidden me out here, that my presence is not welcomed by your people,” he added wryly.

He wasn’t strong enough to stand long, much less travel on his own, but he was right, of course. He couldn’t stay. Not when she would be forced to join the relief party in two short days and as much as it saddened her, she would have to let him go.

She nodded slowly. “Tomorrow.”

He shook his head. “Tonight.”

“You need clothes, food, and rest.” She pushed down on his shoulders until he fell back on the blanket. “Tomorrow.”

He looked as if he wanted to argue, but must have realized the wisdom in her words. “Where are my clothes and pistols?”

With every effort she possessed of his language, she explained to him the condition she had found him in. He had been bloodied and bruised and she had to cut away his singed uniform just to get to his injuries, the most severe of them being the deep laceration on his right leg. His boots had been the only piece of clothing to survive the blast. She had then buried the tattered clothes, along with his weapons, to keep his identity a secret in the event he was discovered.

When she was done with her recount, he stared at her silently, a small frown marring his face. “Why are you doing this?” he asked quietly. “Why are you risking your hide to help me?”

She smiled softly. “Because you needed help. You needed kindness.” She rose to her feet, unnerved by his deep, piercing eyes. They bore into her, as if trying to read into her soul. She had tried to use the right words to tell him that helping him had been the humane thing to do. No man or animal deserved to die in a ravaged field, bloodied and alone.

“Tonight, I bring more food,” she said, avoiding his gaze. “Tomorrow, I find you clothes.”

And the day after that, he would return to his people.

It was almost a godsend that she would be among the many preparing for the relief party. No one would suspect her gathering supplies, and she would be able to gather a bit more than usual to give him for his journey back. There was reportedly a British campground west of them, near the Onondaga tribe. Giving him a horse would be too risky, so she would have to break away from the relief party during the expedition, return for him, and take him as close as she dared go.

After, she would rejoin her party.

It was a simple plan. She just needed to wait two more days…





Chapter 3



You needed kindness.

James couldn’t shake her words. Kindness was not something he’d had since the start of this damned war. Yet he’d come face to face with it here. With her.

She was wholesome and good, her beautiful dark, slanted eyes filled with nothing but kindness and compassion. Unlike others from this strange land he’d encountered. Most were hardened and jaded—both natives and Colonists alike. However, she appeared to want nothing from him except to aid in his recovery. Such compassion was foreign to him. Nothing in this world came for free. Not even kindness. He needed to remember that.

He also needed a shave.

When the first lights of dawn surfaced, he didn’t have long to wait before she arrived with a small meal and clothes for him. Her simple overdress and skirt couldn’t thwart his memory of her delicate softness. The memory of her womanly curves cushioning his sexually starved body had left him with a primal need to slide inside her and find mind numbing pleasure.

Outside of his dreams, she was even more spellbinding, more captivating. Her delicate touch and sweet voice sparked a desire in him that had now ignited into a fiery need until he was engulfed by it.

He wolfed down the simple breakfast, then got to his feet and began to dress. His body was growing stronger and the pain in his leg had almost completely faded. She turned away discreetly and he grinned at her unnecessary modesty. While he had been in her care, she had seen him naked countless times. Hell, his manhood had even stirred against her when he’d lain on top of her yesterday. They were beyond modesty now. Except, she was now sexually aware of him. He had recognized the passion in her eyes yesterday. There was a tug of attraction, a definite connection between them, one that she couldn’t deny, though she was fighting hard to.

He buttoned up the borrowed trousers then stared down at his exposed ankles and frowned. He was taller than most, broader too. Though those attributes made him an asset as a grenadier solider, it was also a damned inconvenience.

She turned around to face him then quickly hid her mouth with her hand. Her eyes, however, danced with mirth.

“You too tall,” she said, shaking her head as she stared at him in his ankle-baring trousers.

He found her amusement contagious and couldn’t contain a quick smile. “A blessing and a curse, it appears,” he muttered. He didn’t bother to put on the shirt. One look at it told him it would be a snug fit. She realized it too and took the shirt from him.

“I find you another.”

“I would appreciate it,” he said, smiling ruefully. “It wouldn’t do for me to walk back to my regime clothed like an ill-dressed savage.”

Disappointed anger and resentment clouded her dark eyes and he regretted the thoughtless words as soon as they left him. Though the term was used interchangeably to refer to the natives, he’d learned over the course of his time in the colonies how degrading the natives found it.

He cursed and ran his hand over his coarse hair. “I’m sorry, love. I meant no offense.” She nodded stiffly, though still visibly upset. “For what it’s worth,” he added, “I believe all men to be savage brutes.”

“Even you?”

The question took him by surprise, but he stared at her directly when he responded. “Especially me.” He had done things, had led men to do things, that no man should be forced to do. Those atrocities would haunt him for the rest of his days.

She slowly shook her head. “I think still some goodness in man.”

James couldn’t agree. He’d seen men decapitated, gutted, burned, and torn apart—physically and emotionally. He’d watched as his young brother gasped his last breaths, blood pouring from his chest. Death and destruction. All by the hands of men. All in the name of so called liberty.

But he didn’t argue with her. As stupid and dangerous as it was, he found her naive innocence refreshing, even a bit charming.

“Is there a creek you can take me to?”

She thought about it, and then nodded. “But you can relieve yourself behind shrub.”

His lips quirked. “I’m quite familiar with the shrub.” It was an area he’d visited often enough. “I’d like to freshen up and shave,” he explained, rubbing his hand over his jaw. He grabbed a small piece of cloth, the flint knife, and the small container of cream she kept with the healing salve, and then walked up to her. “Lead the way.”

They arrived at a narrow, shallow creek down an embankment not too far from the makeshift shelter. He sat down on a rock near the edge of the calm water and for a moment, took in the peace and beauty that surrounded him. After days inside his crude enclosure, he missed the open simplicity of nature.

Siara picked up the cloth he had placed on the ground and dampened it. She came back to where he sat and stood between his legs, her soft breasts inches from brushing against his bare chest. He closed his eyes briefly and breathed in her scent. Earthy with a hint of sweetness, like flowers and fresh air.

She wiped the cool, wet cloth along his jaw and neck. He stared into her lovely brown face, losing himself in the delicate beauty of her smooth, high cheeks and soft full lips. Her fingers were light as they began to smooth the cream over his overgrown whiskers. His eyes drifted down to her smooth neck where a small, faint pulse throbbed rhythmically. Thoughts of his tongue running along her skin, to the base of her throat made him ache to touch her, to pull her beneath him again until he covered all of her, tasted every inch of her.

When the blunt, sharp end of the blade came into his line of vision, he seized her arm.

“What are you doing,” he asked quietly.

“Shave?” she replied, lightly running her free hand through the hairs on his jaw.

Her gentle touch sent a charge so sweet through him that he lost his train of thought for a moment.

Tender touch or not, he couldn’t let her near his throat with a blade.

“I don’t think so, love,” he said, carefully extracting the knife from her hands.

She frowned, recognizing the distrust in his action. “I not hurt you,” she replied sharply. “I help you.”

She held out her hand, waiting for him to return the knife. He continued to stare into her striking, dusky brown eyes. The color of smooth treacle. Behind those eyes were no devious calculations or masked hatred. Only patient exasperation.

When he didn’t move, she sighed and placed her hand once again on his cheek. Her soft touch and gentle eyes lured him, tugged at a place in him he had long thought dead.

“Believe in me,” she whispered.

He believed in no one.

But with her, he made an exception. She was sweetness and goodness—and had literally saved his life.

When she reached for the knife, he didn’t stop her. He held still as she carefully scraped the blade along his jaw and neck. She trained her eyes on his face, tucking her lower lip between her teeth in concentration. In that moment, he forgot about everything—about the dangers that lurked, his duties to the Crown, and even his men. He simply focused on her. On the alluring lines of her lips, the way her soft hand curved around the side of his neck to hold him still, the way her delicate fingers curved under his chin to shift his head to the side.

Her touch, her nearness, was driving him mad.

Without thinking, he placed a hand on her hip. Startled, she nicked him with a small jerk of her hand. He flinched from the burning cut.

“You must be still,” she admonished quietly, wiping the damp cloth over the small cut.

“That’s an impossible feat,” he murmured, tightening his hands around her, “when I have such a beautiful woman standing so close.” He drew her closer until she pressed against him. There was a time he wouldn’t have dared taken such liberties with a fine, gentle woman such as her, but that proper British gentleman was long forgotten.

She braced herself against him, her fingers clutching at his shoulder. She stared at him with suppressed passion as he leaned toward her, wanting nothing more than to feel those soft lips against his.

“You mustn’t,” she breathed, turning away from him.

“Why?” he asked roughly, hating to be denied when they both wanted it bad. “Are you wed?” He didn’t believe she was. What husband would let his wife roam the woods without knowing where or with whom she was with? If she were his, he wouldn’t let her out of his sight.

“Akando and I will wed once sachem returns to bless union,” she said, keeping her gaze lowered.

Jealousy like he’d never known washed over him. He didn’t want to think of her belonging to another man, lying with him and letting him touch her.

“Do you love him?”

She glanced up at him in surprise. “It’s not matter.”

“It matters to me,” he said strongly. “I want you, Siara. And I know you want me too.”

Her fingers tightened around his shoulder and her gaze lowered to his lips. Desire pulsated between them, becoming almost tangible. Her breath hitched when he looped his arm around her waist and pulled her to him. Her firm breast pressed against him as he cupped her chin and brought his lips over hers.

The sensation was explosive.

The forgotten blade slipped from her fingers and landed on the ground with a soft thud. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he drowned out everything around them, slanting his mouth over hers, devouring the sweetness of her lips.

He thrust his tongue into her warm mouth and she flicked hers lightly against his, shyly at first then with bolder strokes. He growled low in his throat, his hand cupping the lush curve of her rear and bringing her firmly against him. Straining in the snug trousers, his swollen shaft ground against her, begging for release.

She was a pleasant ache, a devastating distraction…and everything he’d thought she would be. With each tantalizing caress, she grew more daring, straining against him and running her fingers through his hair. Her low, throaty moans drove him wild until the need to be inside her consumed him.

He tugged at the hem of her skirt and she tore her lips away from his, breathing heavily. He slowly moved his lips over her cheek and down her neck, nipping at the tender flesh there. She shivered, her fingers clutching at him. He passed his tongue over the smooth skin, tasting the essence of her, the sweetness of her.

“James…” she gasped into his ear.

The sound of his name coming from her, breathless and filled with passion, his desire erupted into a need so great, he couldn’t stand it. He jerked up her skirt and slid his hand over her bare thighs. She instantly pushed away from him.

“No!” she cried, bringing her hands over her chest and throat. “We mustn’t.”

Frustration rose in him, but he held himself still, his breath rushing out harsh and fast. He willed his heart to stop its frantic racing. He wanted her back in his arms yet the terrified confusion and anxiety in her eyes kept him from reaching for her. It was a decision he struggled with. Having her in his arms had felt so right.

Carefully, he rose to his feet and walked to the stream. He splashed a handful of water over his face, letting its coolness ease some of the fire raging inside him. Without a word, he went back and collected the knife and discarded supplies.

In strained silence, they returned to the shrouded shelter. As they drew near, the place that had been made to save his life began to feel more like his punishment than his refuge. Much like the woman walking silently beside him.





Chapter 4



Her lips still tingled.

Siara had spent much of that morning thinking about James Blake and the passionate kiss they’d shared by the creek. She hadn’t known it could be like that—to want a man so fiercely, her body shook with it.

But he was a temptation she couldn’t indulge. She belonged to another and would do well to remember that. Tomorrow, James would return to his people and she would travel onto the aid of others.

Siara made her way back to the secluded shelter, carrying the new clothes she had promised James and the supplies for his travel.

As she neared the small camp, angry, muffled shrieks reached her. Panicked, she rushed toward the shelter and came to an abrupt stop at the sight before her. Siara dropped the supplies to the ground and covered her mouth in alarm—then guilty humor.

“James!” she shouted. “Place her down.”

Thrown over his shoulder was an angry and violent Etu. The small, old woman pounded on his back with her fist, shouting curses and insults at him, his children, and his future grandchildren.

“Who is this crazy old woman?” he asked, irritated. His arms were wrapped around Etu’s legs to keep her from kicking his chest further.

“She is medicine woman,” Siara explained. “As me.”

“Siara, run!” Etu shouted in their language. “Save yourself from this great beast!”

“Etu, calm yourself. He will not hurt us.” She said to James in English, “Please place her down. She has great fear of you.”

“It is I who should be afraid,” James muttered, easing the old woman to her feet. “The old relic attacked me then proceeded to pummel my back blue.”

Siara hid a smile as she tried to comfort Etu. She quickly explained to the old woman that he had been awake for some time now—a fact Etu did not appreciate just hearing about—and that she was simply helping him prepare for his return to his people tomorrow.

“Why is she staring at me like that?”

“She doesn’t believe to trust you,” Siara explained to him. “She has vision that you will do us harm.”

James frowned. “Tell her I have no intention of causing anyone harm. You have my word.”

“She understands.”

As if to confirm, Etu pointed a trembling finger at him. “You. Away. Now.”

James raised a brow and Siara moved in front of the older woman. “Etu, please return to the village. I will be there soon.”

Etu clucked her tongue and frowned, giving James one more narrowed-eyed look before turning to her. “Remember, you are to travel with the others at first light, Siara. Say your goodbyes to the barbarian and return quickly.”

Siara nodded obediently. “Yes, Etu.”

Once alone with James, she suddenly became very aware of the two of them in the small space. However, they went on as if that moment by the creek had never happened. She handed him the clothes and he stripped out of the snug trousers. He stood before her gloriously naked and, as she’d done earlier, she discreetly turned away. She had managed to find him a longer pair of trousers from the clothes their Colonist allies had supplied them with, complete with a hunting frock.

He dressed himself effortlessly. He favored his better leg while he moved, but he still stood solidly on both. She suspected he would forever have the slight limp and wondered if that bothered him. Once he was fully dressed, he looked similar to one of the neighboring white farmers.

He dug into the simple meal she had prepared. His appetite was big. She hoped she had brought enough to fill him because this was the last meal she would bring him. Tomorrow, he would be gone from here forever.

She pushed her melancholy aside and reveled in her last moments with him. She enjoyed watching him. He looked less like a feral animal with the hair on his face trimmed. She hadn’t given him a close shave, not wanting to irritate his skin with the blade, but it would do. The shadow of hair around his face gave him a rugged allure she found dangerously appealing.

He glanced up at her from his bowl when she continued staring at him. “Are there others in your tribe like you?” he asked.

Siara tilted her head to the side, confused. “How you mean?”

“I mean dark,” he said plainly, returning his attention to his meal. “I admit I haven’t interacted with many natives, but I expected your people to look more like you.”

Siara tensed. He was obviously referring to Etu’s olive skin and bone-straight black hair. Whereas, her coloring was of a darker hue and her hair held deep ripples. Though her clan never treated her any different, she had spent most of her life coming to terms with the knowledge that she was a half-breed. In the eyes of others, she was different.

“Don’t misunderstand me,” he said when she continued her silence. “You’re a beautiful woman.” He placed his bowl beside him and stared at her contemplatively. “I guess I’m just trying to understand you,” he admitted ruefully.

She studied him, finding only sincere curiosity in his eyes. She guessed then there was no harm in telling him. “My mother Onyota’aka,” she began, “and my father African.”

He frowned. “Your people allowed this union?”

“My father was brave man,” she explained with a tinge of pride. “He danger his life for one of our people, blood son of Clan Mother. As honor, my tribe…how you say, take him inside and make him Onyota’aka.”

“Adopt?”

She nodded. “Yes, adopt.” Though the tribe always treated her father as one of their own, his dark skin and coiled black hair made him stick out like a pineweed in a dry wheat field. And though her father had embraced the customs of his new family, he had filled her with stories of his home across the ocean, not letting her forget that she had Africa in her blood.

“Where is your father now?”

She looked down at her hands. “He and my mother pass on from sickness.” The illness had raged through the tribes, claiming many lives. There were days she missed them fiercely, but there were nights they came to her in her night visions. They often spoke to her, and she took comfort in knowing they were at rest.

“I’m sorry to hear that, love.”

Her heart lurched from the tender compassion in his eyes. “Half of me feels deep love and kinship for my people here, for this land. But the other half of me, my father’s half, thinks on the land he comes from. I would like very much to know that land,” she admitted whimsically.

He gave her a gentle smile. “Perhaps one day we can travel to that part of the world.”

She returned his smile. “Yes, perhaps,” she said, though they both knew that could never actually come to be. She placed her hand over her heart. “For now, Africa lives here.”

He glanced down at her hand, his eyes warm with understanding. Though her physical home would always be here, her heart would always be filled with love for her unknown home. Being far from his own lands, he could obviously relate with her in that, and she loved him for indulging in her fanciful thoughts.

She froze.

I love him.

Her heart fluttered for a moment. It was freeing to finally admit those feelings to herself, even if a love between them could never exist. In the weeks she’d cared for him, there had been a strong connection between them. One that had compelled her to venture into these forsaken grounds and find him. Now that bond trembled from the tension of its inevitable break.

Siara didn’t want to leave him, but it was getting late and she had stayed away far too long. His wound was completely healed now and didn’t require her attention any longer. If anything, he was now capable of tending to it himself, which he had been. He didn’t need her anymore.

Heavy hearted, Siara rose to her feet. He followed suit.

“We leave tomorrow at first light,” she said quietly.

He gave her a curt nod. “I need my pistols, love.”

“Yes. Tomorrow.”

“No. Tonight.”

She sighed in frustration. She hadn’t forgotten, but she hadn’t had the time to unearth his weapons and carry them back to him. With darkness also coming soon, there was no way she could get them now. When she explained that to him, he finally relented.

“I am once again completely at your mercy,” he muttered. “Go then. I’ll wait for you tomorrow at dawn.”

She nodded and gathered her items. She started toward the opening, but he reached out and took her hand in his.

“Siara.”

She turned to him, a warm feeling passing through her at the sound of her name coming so affectionately from his low, deep voice.

“Thank you,” he said simply.

Something softened inside her and she gave his hand a gentle squeeze. “You are much welcome.” Instead of releasing her, he pulled her closer. She read the longing in his eyes and wanted nothing more than to be with him. Moving without thought, she took another step toward him.

Suddenly they both froze at the sound of a horse approaching.

“Siara!”

Her heart sank as she recognized the voice. Akando. She glanced behind her, toward the opening of the shelter, then back at James.

“Stay here,” she whispered fiercely before rushing out to meet Akando.

“Siara?” Akando rode up to her, his glare sharp and unwavering. “I’ve been searching everywhere for you. Why are you out here alone? You should be preparing with the others for the journey tomorrow.”

“I am already prepared,” she replied coolly, hoping he couldn’t see her nervousness. “I just wanted some time alone.”

He frowned, glancing around them. “Here? This is not a safe place for you. Come. Let’s—” He glanced behind her and gestured toward the shelter. “What is in there?”

“Nothing,” she said, walking toward him. “Just a place for me to rest.” She managed to control the anxious quiver in her voice, but there was a suspicious glint in his gaze as he stared hard at the crude shelter.

“I see something in there…” He slid down from his horse and her anxiety increased tenfold as he headed toward the shelter. When he walked past her, she grabbed for his arm.

“Akando, it’s nothing,” she said earnestly. “Please. I would like to return to the longhouse now.”

But he ignored her, shaking her hand away. She stood there frozen, unsure what to do. If she called out a warning, what then? She didn’t want either man hurt.

After a brief, internal struggle, she followed him. Maybe if she explained, tried to convince him the rightness in what she’d done, he wouldn’t harm the injured man lurking inside.

But James wasn’t lurking.

He rushed out, wrapping Akando with the blanket that had been kept inside. Akando let out a shout and fell back. James pulled out the flint knife, looking ready to charge toward the fallen man.

Akando quickly swept the blanket from his body and bounded to his feet. He was as tall as James and lean with muscle. She caught a glimpse of the tomahawk in his hand and the bottom of her stomach dropped. She ran toward them, her arms stretched out between the two men to keep them from advancing toward each other.

“Please stop this,” she shouted at James in English.

“Damn it, Siara,” James said fiercely. “Step away.”

She shook her head. “James, I will explain for him why. There will be no need for fight.” She turned to Akando and switched to their language. Though Akando’s English was superior to hers, it would be easier and quicker for her to explain. “Please don’t hurt him. He was wounded and I cared for him. That is all. He is not strong enough to do you any harm.”

Akando didn’t take his eyes off of James when he asked sharply in English, “You brought this white man here?”

She swallowed then nodded, well aware that admitting to such a crime would result in a severe punishment. Possibly even exile.

“Yes, but only because he was terribly hurt.”

“He appears quite fit to me,” Akando snapped.

“He has only just gotten better,” she said frantically. “He is preparing to leave here and return to his people.”

“Only to bring them back here to raid our village,” he spat, advancing toward James, his grip tight on the tomahawk.

Siara pushed against his chest with all her might. “No!”

Akando jerked away from her, his face twisted with rage. “Treacherous whore!”

She wasn’t prepared for the blow that came next. His fist connected with her jaw with such force, she tasted blood. A low snarl rumbled above her and in a blur, the two men landed with a loud thud on the ground beside her. She lay sprawled on the ground, dazed and her ear ringing. She vaguely realized she had bit her tongue.

James straddled Akando and landed blow after blow onto his face and chest. She scrambled to her feet and rushed to the struggling men. As James prepared to bring his fist down again, Siara rushed behind him and grabbed his raised arm.

“James!” she shouted, her voice cracking. “Please, no!”

He stopped and looked up at her. His eyes burned with a steely rage that took her breath.

Akando used that brief moment of distraction to slam his fist into James chest. Surprised by the sudden attack, James flew back against her with a loud grunt. She had no time to move away. Struggling to maintain her footing, she tripped over a raised tree root and went flying to the ground.

Akando released an ear piercing battle cry and the last thing she witnessed, before her head struck something smooth and hard, was James trapped beneath the warrior and his raised tomahawk.



****



James watched as the spiked-end of the tomahawk started down between his eyes. He kicked out at the warrior’s hand, knocking the vicious looking ax from the man’s grip. A second longer and it would have found a home in his skull.

James swung his other leg behind the man, forcing him back to the ground. He came over the man again and began landing blow after blow, beating him mindlessly, determined to finish him.

He’d struck Siara. He deserved to die.

But the warrior was strong. He managed to roll away from under James and crawl toward the tomahawk. James reached for him, but was too late. Akando clutched the tomahawk in his fists. James fell over him and wrapped his arm around the man’s neck, keeping him on his stomach. The man gurgled and strained beneath him as James increased the pressure and held him in the fierce grip. With his free hand, he wrenched the tomahawk from Akando’s hands. For a moment, James debated whether he should slam the blade into the man’s skull or simply snap his neck and be done with it.

I have no intention of causing anyone harm.

His words echoed in his head, jarring him out of his murderous rage. He’d made that promise to Siara—a promise he was seconds away from breaking. And she would hate him forever.

Suddenly, he remembered her sharp cry and fear flooded him.

Siara!

He turned to find her lying on the ground, unmoving. He released the unconscious warrior and pushed away from him. A moment longer and he could have strangled the warrior to death. He wasn’t all that convinced that he shouldn’t.

Instead, James rushed to Siara’s side. She was still breathing and he experienced a relief so great, he shuddered with it.

“Wake up for me, love,” he prompted hoarsely, brushing the loose strands of hair from her face. “Come on.”

She moaned softly, wincing as her eyes fluttered open. He scanned her body, to see if there were any obvious injuries. “Tell me where it hurts, love.”

Siara lifted her hand to her head. James ran his fingers gently through her hair until he brushed against the knot beginning to form. She winced again and moaned. He withdrew his hand.

“My head,” she croaked. “It’s hurt.”

“I know, love. Can you stand?” They couldn’t linger there much longer. The warrior was bound to wake up soon—if his battle cry hadn’t already alerted others.

When she struggled to her feet, James swooped her into his arms, bracing his weight on his good leg. He would not leave her here. Not to face retribution at the hands of her people just because she had saved his life. He carried her to the warrior’s horse and placed her atop it. “Wait for me,” he said. He grabbed the flint knife and the tomahawk and headed into the crude shelter that had been his dwelling for the past few weeks. He quickly gathered the supplies Siara had prepared for him and headed back to her. The warrior began to stir just as James climbed up on the horse behind her.

Without another look back, he veered west and rode off through the heavy forest. The warrior’s faint shout faded behind them, but he continued his neck breaking speed, holding on tight to Siara. He rode for a good distance before it was safe enough for them to slow. Siara’s arms remained wrapped around him and he looked down at her. Her eyes were closed. He would have thought she’d fallen asleep if she hadn’t been holding on to him as if she were afraid to let go.

He would soon need to find a place for them to take shelter for the night, but apprehension prevented him from stopping. The warrior may very well be on their trail. James planned to circle their tracks to throw off any scouts who may possibly follow them. He didn’t like to be without his pistols and would have to hope they didn’t run into any hostile natives or militiamen.

James wasn’t familiar with the land and couldn’t be certain they were on friendly native grounds. If he took her with him to a British encampment, they would have to venture into other native lands to do so, some who may be welcoming, some who could be downright hostile.

He hadn’t planned to have her with him during his journey back, and taking her only increased the possibility that her tribe would come after him to get her back. His arms reflexively tightened around her.

She was his now.

It had been tough thinking about never seeing her again or having to leave her behind. If that bastard who’d struck her was her betrothed, James thought with disgust, then he didn’t deserve her.

But having her with him meant James would have to change his plans. If he remembered correctly, Albany was only a two day ride from where they were. There, it was about another two to Saratoga. He didn’t dare continue to Saratoga. Instead, he would take them to Albany and send out a missive. He’d lost over two weeks during his recovery and didn’t want to risk walking into enemy territory. With his Yankee clothing, it wouldn’t be difficult for him to mask himself as a simple farmer if they happened to run into trouble.

With one horse, it would take them maybe another day to get to Albany. By then they would surely run out of food and supplies. If that happened, he would have to scavenge to get what they needed. The horse would soon need to rest, as would they.

“How’s your head, love?” he asked quietly.

She opened her eyes and stared up at him. “Better some.” But her brows were pulled together in agitation and worry. “James, you must take me back.”

He looked down at her. In his contentment of having her with him, he hadn’t factored in that she may not want to leave. He lightly touched the swollen bruise on the side of her face and frowned. “Why? He will only hurt you again.”

She glanced away. “But… I just cannot leave my people.”

He gave her a gentle squeeze, understanding what she was feeling. Loyalty and duty tended to come with their own heavy shackles.

“We can’t go back, love. I’ve already escaped death twice. I’m not prepared to test fate a third time.”





Chapter 5



They rode in silence for what seemed like forever.

Siara was being torn apart by her guilt and regret. Regret for the trouble she had caused and the worry her absence would surely bring Etu. Guilt for leaving her home, her people yet wanting nothing more than to be with James.

She leaned against him, seeking out his heat. The winds had picked up and there was a distinct chill in the air. Tightening her arms around him, she buried her face in his chest and breathed in his scent. He leaned down and kissed her gently on the top of her head. It was a subconscious action, one she didn’t think he realized he’d done, but it made her smile.

Her headache was now reduced to a dull throb, though her cheek still stung. It was the new pain from sitting on the horse in such a position, however, that were now starting to bother her.

By the time they stopped, the sun had completely fallen from the sky and they were shrouded in darkness. James found a small clearing deep in the forest for them to camp for the night. Because he didn’t want to risk drawing unwanted attention, they prepared their small camp under the guidance of the moonlight.

She hesitated when she realized they would have to share the single blanket.

“Come, love,” he said, his hands held out to her. “We’re both exhausted.”

She slid her hand into his and he pulled her down on the blanket where he held her close. Held her as if he had no intentions of letting her go.

Yet she woke the next morning to find that he had.

She rose from the blanket and found him readying the horse. She freshened up at a small pond nearby then gathered their supplies and came up to him.

“Here,” he said, handing her some of their provisions. “Eat.”

She reached for the berries and corn bread. “Now it’s you who care for me,” she teased him at their now reversed roles.

He didn’t return her humor. “Yes, I do,” he said quietly staring at her in a way that made her heart quiver and her face flush.

Shortly after they finished their simple breakfast, they climbed on the horse and started their journey through the dense forest. There was a distinct chill in the air, however, that said a storm was coming. The sun had yet to peek through the clouds, and though she suspected rain had begun to fill them, the many trees above them prevented her from knowing for sure.

“Where do we go?” she eventually asked, breaking the silence that had seemed to follow them since they’d left her village. Though she understood the need for him to remain vigilant of their surroundings as they traveled the rough terrain, there was a new stoic alertness about him that she wasn’t accustomed to.

“We’re going north,” he explained. “To Albany. There I’m hoping to get news of the current state of the conflict and find out what happened to my men.”

“Then what after?”

He looked down at her, silent for a moment. “I don’t know. What would you want?”

She stared at him, puzzled. She didn’t know either. All she knew for certain was that she loved him and wanted to be with him.

But that could never be. Not when they lived in two separate worlds.

Before she could respond, a fat raindrop landed on her face. Suddenly the clouds broke open and released a deluge of water. James tried to shield her from the pounding rain with his large body, but it was no use. By the time they found refuge in a shallow cavern at the base of a bluff, they were both drenched.

“Wait here,” James shouted over the thunderous rain. He went back to find a place to tether the horse.

Laying their blanket and supplies down, Siara stood at the wide opening of the rock shelter. Her wet, wavy hair hung down around her like a dark curtain and she watched as sheets of rain pounded the earth. She shivered from the cold wind whipping through her wet clothes and stepped further back into the cavern. She kicked off her wet moccasins, undid her wrap skirt, and wrung out the excess water. She found a dry spot to spread out the damp material then grabbed the hem of her tunic and wrung out as much of the water as she could. The wet overdress still clung to her hips and breasts despite her efforts. But she didn’t dare remove it and risk James finding her stark naked.

A shadow fell over their small rock shelter and Siara spun around to find a soaked James standing at the mouth of the entrance. He shook himself like a feral animal and began to pull off his clothes. When his hands went to his trousers, Siara turned away.

Did he mean to get fully naked now!

It was ridiculous of her to feel appalled by the idea. She had already seen him naked more than a few times, but things had been different between them then. He’d been either too sick to do anything or had immediately changed into clothes. But now…how was she to ignore him when her body throbbed just from the sight of him?

She tried, nonetheless. Oh, did she try.

Fully naked, he looked out at the still raging storm. At the first glimpse of his strong, muscular back, she couldn’t look away. Her eyes slowly moved down his broad back and down to his firm, muscular backside. The gray glow of the overcast skies created an impressive silhouette of his imposing, virile form.

He truly was magnificent.

“We’ll wait here until the storm passes before we start again,” he said over his shoulder.

She didn’t respond to him. She couldn’t. Her voice was trapped in the back of her throat, and her legs trembled from the tightly clenched muscles of her thighs. She wanted to touch him, but didn’t dare. It would only make it that much harder when they eventually parted.

Akando had cursed her “whore” and maybe he was right. Her body lusted for a man that wasn’t her husband, yet no amount of self-rebuke—or thigh clenching—could ease her ache.

When he turned to her, naked desire pulsed through her. Plain for him to see.

They stood facing each other in silent yearning. She stared down at his member, which jutted from his body, broad and rigid. Her breath caught and her lips parted slightly as the pulsing between her thighs grew stronger.

She took a deep, shuddering breath and the small action broke what restraint he had left. With a growl, he stalked toward her. She backed away, trying to fight the yearning that threatened to dismantle the little resolve she struggled to hold on to.

“James, no,” she whispered breathlessly. “I am to belong to Akando.”

But he ignored her, continuing his advance until her back came up against the stone wall. He cupped her chin and brought her gaze to his. Her nipples hardened at his touch, his nearness.

“You belong to me,” he said gruffly. “You are mine, Siara.”

She stared into his striking blue eyes and something inside her crumbled. Denial was futile, yet she attempted it anyway.

“No,” she murmured weakly.

His eyes flashed. “Yes,” he rasped then hauled her up to his hard chest. His lips came down on hers, hot and heavy, and she surrendered to the desires of her body. To him.

They pulled away only long enough for him to remove her tunic. For a brief moment, he stared down at her before he reached out and cupped one of her breasts. She sucked in a gasp of intense pleasure, her nipple stabbing against his palm.

“So beautiful,” he murmured as he molded his hand around the plump flesh. He rubbed his thumb over the sensitive bud then brought his lips over to her other breast and pulled the straining nipple into his warm mouth.

Pleasure like she had never known coursed through her. A deep moan wrenched from her as her head fell back against the stone wall, eyes closed. She brought a hand up to his head and ran her fingers through his thick hair. Her other hand clenched around his broad shoulders, holding him as her legs trembled fiercely beneath her.

He continued his tortuous tease, flicking his tongue over the small, sensitive flesh then sucking strongly.

“James,” she gasped. “Please.” She didn’t know what she was pleading for, but only that he could quiet the storm of desire raging inside her.

His arms tightened around her waist as he trailed his lips up her breast and to the base of her neck. He lingered there for a moment before he brought his lips back over hers. She kissed him as if it were their first time, taking in the heady taste of him. His shaft strained against her belly, hot and heavy and pulsing with life. She reached down and wrapped her fingers around his rigid shaft. He shuddered violently.

The power she held in her palm was exhilarating. She squeezed and caressed his hard length until he suddenly jerked away.

“I need to be inside you, love,” he said thickly.

“Yes,” she agreed softly. She needed it too. She needed his possession as much as she needed her next breath.

He lifted her in his arms and her legs instantly wrapped around his narrow hips. He carried her to the ground, onto her stretched out skirt, and knelt between her thighs. A moan wrenched deep from her throat when he slipped a blunt finger into her tight, wet core. He slid it out of her slowly then thrust into her again.

She gasped, her body tightening around his stroking finger, her rising hips seeking out more of the delightfully intense sensation. Her moans echoed around them in the dim cavern as he brought her to fevered heights.

With a harsh groan, he widened her legs and moved over her. Bracing himself on one arm, he reached down between their bodies with the other and began guiding himself into her, pushing through her tight channel. His breathing was harsh and labored as he continued his slow thrust, stretching her. She cried out as a moment of intense pain sliced through her, piercing her haze of pleasure. Her body trembled and tightened around him and he groaned deeply. Leaning down, he kissed her again, reigniting the gut-wrenching desire that tugged within her. With his soft kisses, caresses, and whispered words of affection, her body softened around and adjusted to his deep penetration.

He began pushing into her, slowly at first, but as the intense pleasure engulfed them, he lifted her hips and began driving into her. Their bodies melded together as he continued his heavy thrusts, his harsh groans mingling with her soft gasps. With every stroke, he brought her to new, unimaginable heights, his deep thrusts building a tension in her belly that grew unbearably tight. He grunted as she clawed his muscular back and bit his shoulder, needing to release the intense desire surging inside of her. With one strong, deep thrust, she arched her back and came apart with a muted scream, her body trembling uncontrollably. He fell over her and let out a low, harsh groan as the heat of his release filled her.

Panting, they lay on the stone ground unmoving, still joined together—by body and heart. The storm had passed—both inside and outside the cavern—and the rhythmic sound of the lingering rain filled the now still air. She stroked his back as he burrowed his face in the crook of her neck, pressing his lips softly against the base of her throat.

Holding him close, she finally understood that she did belong to him.

And he now belonged to her.





Chapter 6



The travel to Albany was taking longer than they anticipated.

After the storm had passed, they’d traveled for three days and had yet to arrive. According to James, they still had another day or so. He claimed the frequent breaks they took were to rest the horse, but from the way he watched her, she believed some of his concern was for her as well. They had also gone from traveling during the day to now making the journey at night, under the pale glow of the moon. It was to avoid potential detection, he’d said, but it only added to their slow pace. She hadn’t expected the journey to be easy, but after last night, she was anxious to get to their destination.

She tried to forget the carnage they had come upon. It appeared to have been the aftermath of a terrible raid on a camp that had resulted in bodies everywhere. Those who had not yet passed on had been crying out in pain, some praying, begging for mercy. She hadn’t been able to tell who side those men had been fighting for—and it hadn’t mattered. She wanted to go to them, to help those she could. But James wouldn’t allow it. He reminded her that she wasn’t equipped to help any of them and that it wasn’t sensible or safe for her to even try.

Though he had been right, it hadn’t lessened her pain. He had held her as she sobbed for the lost lives and broken spirits. With two more days’ ride stretched before them, James had decided to scavenge for more supplies and weapons. They had passed a small town not too far from where she now hid. She wanted to go with him, but he’d argued he’d have a stronger chance of success if he didn’t have her to worry about. He’d found a secluded area to hide her and the horse, leaving her with the flint knife and instructions to stab anything that came near, then “ride like hell” toward the North Star. If he managed to find another horse, he wouldn’t be far behind.

But she hated the wait.

This was the first time they’d been apart since the start of their journey. She had grown accustomed to having him near. Being alone now left her feeling strange and uneasy.

She sat with her back pressed against a large tree, clutching the sharp weapon in her hand and watchful for signs of his return—or unwanted company. The departure from her village felt like it had happened long ago instead of only a few days. She had longed to speak to Etu, to ease the woman’s worry, and on the second night after their departure, Siara had gotten that chance. She closed her eyes and smiled, remembering the night Etu had come to her in a night vision. They had spoken and Siara had assured the older woman that she was safe—but she was following her heart.

In the short time she and James had spent together, they had grown close—closer than she’d ever been with anyone. The bonds of the flesh had a way of doing that. Yet it was the aftermath that solidified their unity. She learned more about him as he opened his heart to her and shared his past, including the time he’d befriended a traitor who had left him with that horrible scar on his rib. She also learned that he’d had a younger brother, Matthew, who’d died fighting in this war. The remorse of having to watch his only close relative die and the guilt for not being able to protect him was still very fresh. Her heart broke for him, but she let him know, without words, that he was no longer alone.

After tonight, she never wanted them to be apart this long again.

She didn’t know how long she waited before her eyes began to grow heavy. A faint rustling in the dense trees forced her to alertness. Her eyes widened as she kept them trained on the direction of the noise. It could have been just a scared animal scurrying away.

Scurrying from what, though?

James hadn’t left from that direction, so she didn’t expect him to be returning that way. When the noise came again, Siara jumped to her feet, her heart pounding in her chest. She kept the flint knife firmly in her grip as she waited for the impending attack.

What came next shocked her and she nearly dropped the knife. One by one, men wearing what resembled the uniform of the British Army appeared before her, until they surrounded her small hiding space. There were as many as fifteen or twenty of them. Their usual bright red coats and white trousers were dark with blood and filth. They were all large, fierce-looking men and her heart raced faster.

When one of the men advanced toward her, she raised the knife in front of her. There was no way she could get to the horse with so many of them near. There was also no way she could fend them all off, but she would die before she let any of them touch her.

“Wallace, bring the light,” the man standing before her said. His hair was as dark as night, but his eyes had a pale glow.

“I believe it’s a savage woman, corporal,” another behind him said.

Anger sprang up in her at the insult. She was no savage. She was Siaragowaeh. Onyota’aka and Africa ran through her blood. Before she could correct his ignorance, a small lantern flared to life. The man they called “corporal” raised the lantern to her face. She flinched from the sudden bright glow.

“Do you speak English, woman? Are you alone? Where is your man?”

Siara debated whether she should respond. Would it be in her best interest if they didn’t know she could speak their language?

Before she could make a decision, the man must have lost his patience because he handed the lantern to another and started toward her again. She had no desire to do anyone harm, but she would do what she must to protect herself. His steps were determined and Siara backed away from him, the knife raised to attack. That didn’t deter him.

“Thomas.” James’ harsh shout sliced through the quiet, tense air just as the man reached for her. “Don’t you dare touch her.”



****



James dropped the sack he’d carried and made his way toward Siara. When he’d seen the glow of the lantern flare to life in the distance, he’d been struck with such mindless fear, it had left him frozen. But only for a second. He’d never run so fast in his life and was grateful he hadn’t fallen and broken his neck trying to get to her.

“Back away from her,” he snapped, coming to stand in front of his second-in-command. “Now.”

The corporal backed away, his face a mask of stunned disbelief. It was obvious his men were just as shocked to see him as he was to see them. There would be time for questions and explanations later, however.

He turned to Siara and cupped her chin. He hated the fear his men had put there. “Are you okay, love?” he asked, staring down at her searchingly.

She nodded, her eyes glistening. He pulled her in a quick hug before he turned to face his men. Or what was remaining of them. The number that stood there now was only a quarter of what he remembered.

“Sergeant Blake? How are you alive?”

He laced his fingers through Siara’s hand and glanced at each of his men before he spoke. “I’m alive because of this woman here. Her name is Siara. She is under my protection and all of you will give her the respect and civility you would any gentle woman.”

Every one of them nodded, though a few looked at him still in wonder and amazement.

“We found your horse,” Thomas said, among those still dazed. “Or what was left of it. We believed surely you had been blown apart by the blast too.”

“Well, as you can see, I’m still very much whole,” James said wryly. Except his leg. Despite his recovery, he was left with a slight limp and on occasion it would ache mildly. His mad dash through the forest had now brought on a dull throb. “But I lost two weeks of consciousness, so you will need to fill me in on what happened.”

“A group of militiamen had been responsible for the blast,” Thomas explained. “When it went off, we rushed to your aid. But when there was no sign of your body, we began our retreat.”

“Back to New York Island?” James asked.

Thomas nodded. “We couldn’t be sure the rest of the path to Saratoga hadn’t been compromised and I wanted us to get back to General Clinton so that he could be informed of our setback and your…demise.”

More like his failure, James thought with some regret. It had been his responsibility to lead his men, and he had led them straight into an ambush.

“Why are you not there, then?”

“We were captured,” the corporal said with disgusted frustration. “Held on the outskirts of Saratoga. But when word arrived several days ago that Clinton had come up the Hudson River and claimed two forts there, the Continental Army made their way to Albany to halt his advancement. That gave us the opportunity to make our escape.”

“What happened to the rest?” James asked, glancing around the small group.

“Some were killed during our combat with the rebels.” He looked uncomfortable when he finally confessed, “And some decided to renounce their duties to the Crown and migrate west.”

James should have been surprised by that, but he wasn’t. His men were loyal to the Crown and would give their life for their country, but he understood more than many how heavy the cost of loyalty could be. He had lost everything he’d known because of this war. His only family, his home. Himself.

But in Siara, he was rediscovering the essence of who he was—and he found something truly worth fighting for. In the days he’d known her, he’d come to realize that he loved her fiercely for the affection and renewed life she’d given him. He couldn’t stand to lose her, too.

“Clinton must have discovered our captivity hence his sudden decision to make a move toward Albany,” Thomas continued. “But it was a daring effort made in vain.”

James frowned. “What do you mean?”

Thomas’ sigh was heavy. “Word arrived the night before we escaped that Gentleman Johnny has surrendered Saratoga,” he said ruefully.

James eyes widened in surprise. This was surely the first. His Majesty’s army had never surrendered a battle before.

“I cannot say I blame the general,” Thomas continued. “The Continental Army had risen to almost three times that by the time he’d laid down his arms. Whether we’d made it there in time or not, there was little chance we would have won that battle.”

James nodded, taking some solace in his words. He glanced around at what remained of his group. Though he regretted the lives lost, he was glad to see many of them had survived to live and fight another day.

“What will you do next, Sergeant?” Thomas asked. “Will you return with us to New York Island?”

James looked down at Siara and gave her hand a gentle squeeze. They may have lost this battle, but he’d won so much more. His life, as he knew it, was forever changed.

“I believe that is something I will have to discuss with my wife,” he said, smiling down at Siara’s astonished expression.

Thomas eyes also widened in surprise, but then he graciously offered his congratulations. “Well then, I wish you two good health and Godspeed.”

Having been trained well by him, his men had also been travelling at night and had come upon the secluded spot for a moment’s rest. James made arrangements with his men to camp close with them tonight. The added protection wouldn’t hurt and in the morning, they would all go their separate ways.

It was fate and perseverance that had brought his men to him. Now, he could move on from them and focus on his future with the woman at his side.

Once alone and nestled in the roll of their blanket, James held Siara close. He wasn’t surprised when her question came.

“James, why do you lie and call me your wife to your friends?”

He tightened his arms around her and placed a kiss on her forehead. “Because in the eyes of God, you are my wife.”

Every time she opened for him, every time he came into her and shared in the limitless pleasure of becoming one with her, she became more his.

“Will you take me to your lands, then?” she asked quietly. “Show me your home?”

He placed his hand under chin and peered down at her through the moonlight. “Is that what you want?” he asked. “I know you love this land. Are you prepared to leave it forever?”

She shook her head. “I love you, James. It is you I can’t bear to leave.”

His heart filled with warmth for her. She didn’t know what those words did to him. He leaned down and kissed her softly. “I love you too, sweetheart.” He kissed her again, then leaned back down and stared up at the bright stars peppering the dark sky. “So where should we go, Siara? Do you want to sail the seas to England or stay in this land? Do you want to continue north, perhaps? Go to Canada? Or take our chances out west?”

She was silent for a moment. “There are so many to choose,” she said quietly.

“I know,” he agreed. Above them, a crescent moon glowed against the black sky. He took her hand and brought it up to his lips. “I would get you the moon if that’s what you wanted, love. Just tell me your heart’s desire, and I will try my damnedest to fulfill it.”

It was at that moment that he truly understood the desire for liberty, for the freedom to pursue a semblance of happiness, because he would gladly migrate to the ends of the earth with her.

She took their locked hands and placed it over her heart. “What of Africa?”

He looked down at her, prepared to tell her he’d never made the voyage, but they could do so together. Whatever she wanted. But from the loving, teasing glint in her eye, he finally understood and smiled.

For her, Africa was where her heart was. A home she’d never known. A trip she’d always wanted to take. He had offered that to her—a journey to a place unknown. So long as they made the voyage together. It didn’t really matter where they decided to go next because home was where they were.

“Africa it is, then,” he murmured, hugging her close.


THE END





AUTHOR’S NOTE



The Battle of Saratoga marked the turning point for the War of Independence (or Revolutionary War) on October 17, 1777, when British General John Burgoyne surrendered to American forces. Before that fateful surrender, Burgoyne waited for assistance from General Sir Henry Clinton, who had promised to send reinforcements to aid Burgoyne in the battle. Aid, however, never arrived. It is not known if Clinton actually sent the soldiers as he, too, was short on officers while he defended the British’s control over New York City. Eventually, Burgoyne grew impatient waiting for assistance, forging ahead into battle, which resulted in his surrender.

With the help of the Onyota’aka tribe (known today as the Oneida Indian Nation), the Americans, led by General Horatio Gates, defeated the British in the Battle of Saratoga. The Oneida are one of the five founding nations of the Iroquois Confederacy in the area of upstate New York. The Oneida tribe divided themselves into three clans: the Wolf, Bear, and Turtle. Known as the “First Allies” for their loyalty and support of the Americans during the Revolutionary War, the Oneida were one of the few Indian tribes to ally themselves with the American Colonists. More on the Oneida tribe can be read in Forgotten Allies by Joseph T. Glatthaar and James Kirby Martin.

In A SWEET SURRENDER, Sergeant James Blake and Siaragowaeh (”Siara”) are fictitious characters created for the purposes of this story.





ABOUT THE AUTHOR



Lena Hart is a Florida native currently living in the Harlem edge of New York City. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual interracial romances with a flare of suspense and mystery. When Lena is not busy writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about Lena and her work, visit LenaHartSite.com.





Enjoy a preview into Alyssa Cole’s





BE NOT AFRAID





CHAPTER 1





August 1776

Brooklyn, New York



Be not afraid.

Elijah repeated the words to himself as he squatted in the marshy ditch, what was originally a battle cry now a command he forced himself to obey. The man who had first shouted the words and charged the Redcoats at Boston Common had been courageous, but Elijah didn’t plan on joining him in the ranks of dead Patriot Negroes quite yet. He had come very close to it this night, though.

He gripped the cold metal barrel of his Brown Bess with one hand. With the other, he pulled out a grimy handkerchief and slowly wiped the blood from the bayonet. The Redcoat crumpled on the ground beside him had gasped his last breath only a moment before. Elijah held no personal hatred for the Brits; he hadn’t pulled away when the ruddy-cheeked man had reached for him, fear and desperation in his eyes as his guts spilled out. Elijah had even said a quick prayer over the still-warm body before searching it for ammunition and rations. He had no qualms about this act—the Continental Army was poorly supplied and the lobsterbacks were funded by the Crown.

The late summer night was unseasonably chill, and the wind cut through his shoddy uniform with ease. His breeches had ripped during his flight from the battle, and the cool night air gained entrance there as well. Elijah shivered and wished he were back at the farm tending to the horses, the only thing that made him feel at peace.

He shook his head at the indulgent thought.

Back at the farm, you’re a slave, and if you don’t keep fighting you’ll remain one, Elijah chided himself. Stop reminiscing about your equine friends and go find your regiment.

The attack on Brooklyn had been expected, given the area’s sparse population, but it still caught the Continentals unawares. When the skirmish had started, for one shining moment Elijah thought they might take the day. Then the Brits had fallen upon them like a wave crashing into the shore, scattering the untrained American soldiers like so many particles of sand. One Patriot turned tail, and then another, and then fight turned to flight en masse as they sought escape from the onslaught of red-coated Regulars. Elijah had been filled with shame as he fled the skirmish, stumbling over the marshy land for who knew how long, but the emotion disappeared when he fell into the ditch and the British soldier tumbled in after him. He was still alive and the other man wasn’t, and there was no shame in that.

“Unhand me!”

A common refrain on a battlefield, but the voice that rang out in the still night was much too unusual to go unheeded: an angry, feminine vibrato.

Elijah poked his head up, scanning his surroundings. Night had fallen and thick cloud cover obscured the stars, making it hard to see much of anything. He squinted, wondering if he was simply going mad from fear until he saw the ethereal form burst through the trees a few feet away from him. She was tall, perhaps as tall as him, and clad in a long, white gown that flowed around her feet as she ran. A hooded cloak obscured her features. When she stopped and turned, the cloak flapped in the wind, revealing a glint of metal clutched in her hand.

A stocky man with a rifle slung over his shoulder stumbled out of the woods close behind her, out of breath from giving chase. The man’s impeccably tailored red coat, fine stockings, and imperious gait were more than enough proof that he was a high-ranking officer in His Majesty’s Army.

“You’ve caused quite enough trouble tonight, Kate,” the man said between huffs. “You’ll return to my tent this instant, before we end up in the thick of the battle.”

A squabble with a camp follower, Elijah thought with contempt. He must have run further than he thought. He would hunker down until these two took their drama elsewhere, and then attempt to find his way back to his fellow Continentals.

“I’ll be damned if I do that,” the woman bit out in a familiarly accented voice. It had the dips and curves of the voices of the older women in the slave quarters, those who had not been born with a shackle linking them to these fledgling colonies. A gust of cold wind whipped across the marsh, knocking the woman’s hood back, and Elijah felt a tremor run through him that was entirely unrelated to the weather. Her kinky hair was cut short, exposing smooth dark skin pulled taut across high cheekbones and a proud forehead. Her eyes were narrowed and her full lips stretched into a grimace as she regarded the Redcoat who approached her. She was gorgeous in her fury.

Kate, Elijah thought, briefly angered by the dull British name likely given by her master. It in no way matched the woman before him.

“I was told that if I fled my rebel master and joined with the Crown I’d have my freedom,” she said. “There was no mention of bartering my body for the privilege. I will work, but not on my back. If you think I escaped just to be ravished by some bloody English bastard, you are mistaken, sir.”

“Come now, girl,” the man crooned, his voice placating. “Don’t act as if you’re stranger to a good tupping. I said I’d give you a bit of coin, what more do you want?”

“So romantic, you Brits,” she sneered. “Is that how your father wooed your mother before he rutted with her, then?”

“You disrespectful bitch, I’ll—” the man grabbed for her. Elijah didn’t know if the Redcoat saw the flash of the knife but he surely felt its point as the woman drove it into his sternum. The Englishman’s face went white with shock and he clasped the knife with both hands, tumbling to his knees before he could pull it free. The woman called Kate stood over him and watched, her face expressionless.

She didn’t even flinch, Elijah thought. As if she had heard him, she suddenly began to shake. It was cold, but not cold enough to produce the full body tremors that wracked the woman as she pulled her cloak close and stared at the dead man at her feet.

Elijah knew he should stay where he was and wait for this morbid tableau to come to its logical conclusion, with the woman fleeing into the night.

Bloody hell, he thought as he pulled himself from the ditch and started for her. His mother had always said that his heart was bigger than his brain.

He stepped on a branch as he approached, and the noise startled her. The clouds had passed and wan moonlight illuminated her gaze as she turned to face him. Her eyes were filled with a fear that made his heart constrict. It made no sense, given the harsh words and deadly action he had just witnessed, but in that moment she seemed like something fragile that should be held gently. A newly bloomed rose whose delicate petals might fall away at the slightest touch, despite her sharp thorns.

“Are you alright?” He walked toward her with hands raised. Dealing with skittish animals was his job, and the woman before him was not so different from a wild mare—one wrong move and she would bolt. He knew that he must proceed with caution, lest he frighten her. Her gaze flitted over his body, which he knew was a weapon in itself. A lifetime of plowing and planting and picking had seen to that.

She took a step back.

“I mean you no harm,” he said. “I saw what the bastard was attempting and he deserved what he got.”

She was still trembling, although her dark gaze was bright and sharp.

“Most of them aren’t like that,” she said, as if she needed to explain herself. “Most of the soldiers ignore me, unless they need me to do their wash or mend their uniforms. It was such a relief, after…after everything else. But this one, he fixed his attentions on me and he wouldn’t look away. I couldn’t let it happen again. It will not happen again.”

There was something entrancing in the warm tone of her voice. Her voice was quiet now, nearly carried away by the winds chasing the clouds through the night sky, but there was no mistaking the strength that undergirded her words.

Elijah walked over to the fallen man and began searching him. He’d gotten barely anything from the Regular in the ditch, but this man had a fine musket and an even finer revolver, plus a small satchel of coins. He took the weapons and tossed the coin purse to Kate. Her eyes widened in surprise, but she didn’t seem pleased. It was only then that Elijah realized that he wanted to please her.

“I’m going to find my regiment now, if you want to come with me,” he said. “The Loyalists scattered us, but I’m sure we’re regrouping somewhere.”

“You’re fighting with the Continentals, then?” she asked. “Are you daft?”

Surprise froze him first, and then Elijah’s temper flared. Suddenly, he was acutely regretting coming to Kate’s aid. He hadn’t been wrong in his initial assessment: she was a hard woman.

“Is it daft to fight for my country?” he asked. “This is my homeland, and I mean to defend it.”

He believed those words, believed them with all his soul. That he had other motivations for fighting, a deal struck between master and slave, was none of her concern.

“You speak like a man with book learning. A freedman, perhaps?” she asked, her hand gripping the coin purse. "I bet you grew up in some Northern town and have white neighbors who treat you nice. Well, let me remind you: you are a nigger and your country enslaves niggers. Yet you risk your life to help these men. Yes, I’d call that quite daft.”

Elijah reached for her, his anger sudden and intense. She thought she knew what he had been through, did she? Maybe he would strip his shirt off and show her how wrong she was.

It was only after her warm wrist was in his grip that he realized his actions mirrored those of the British officer. Kate was knifeless, so she didn’t stab him. She simply stared back at him with disdain.

“Oh, so the British are our great saviors, are they?” Elijah asked, annoyed by her icy disapproval and his reaction to it. “Says the woman who just killed one of the bastards for trying to molest her. Perhaps you’d like to ask our brethren down in the islands their opinion?”

She narrowed her gaze at him, and then whipped her arm around, the quick movement shaking him off of her. Her aim with the knife hadn’t been lucky; she knew how to fight.

“If the slaves in the island were offered freedom as we were, they’d think quite as well of the Crown as I do. The British are simply the lesser of two evils,” Kate said flatly. “Some folks may choose to stick with the devil they know. But the devil you know is still a devil, and when this war is over, he’ll send you straight to hell whether he wins or loses.”

Her words stung. It wasn’t as if he hadn’t had the same thoughts himself. It would be foolish not to consider every option, especially with the Crown offering freedom to those slaves who deserted their Patriot masters and joined with them. But fighting for the colonists provided Elijah an opportunity for freedom, too, and he wouldn’t have to commit treason to get it.

“The Crown makes a tidy sum selling the likes of us, in addition to taxing the colonists for even breathing,” Elijah retorted. “Yet I suppose you imagine they’ll set you up with a house along the Thames when this ends. Now who’s daft?”

They simply stared at each other, the conversation having reached an impasse.

He shouldn’t have found her beautiful. She was rude, abrasive, and had insulted his intelligence. But his gaze was already fastened on her luscious mouth when it pulled up into a smirk.

“Many thanks for your offer of assistance, but, having tried slavery once, I find it’s not to my liking. I’ll be returning to the British camp, where at least I’m paid to be held in contempt,” she said.

“And I’ll be returning to my regiment, where I’ll fight for freedom for everyone, including those who turn their backs on their homeland,” Elijah retorted.

“This is not my homeland,” she said emphatically, her accent reinforcing her point. “But I wish you well in your endeavor…”

“Elijah,” he supplied. He didn’t know what compelled him. He would never see her again, but some part of him was adamant that she know him, if only in this small way. “Elijah Sutton.”

She nodded and stuffed the coin purse into a pocket in the lining of her cloak.

“Good evening to you, Elijah.”

She turned back in the direction she had come, just as a group of Redcoats emerged from the woods. Everything went still as the four soldiers took in the scene: Kate, who sparked recognition in their eyes; Elijah, who wore the uniform of the enemy; and the crumpled form of one of their officers on the ground. In a flash, three of the men were on him, wrestling him to the ground while the other turned over the body.

“It’s Trumbull! He’s killed Trumbull!”

Elijah grunted in protest as they pulled the dead man’s weapon from his back. His eyes flashed to Kate. All signs of the woman who gave cheek at every opportunity and could kill a man with one blow were gone. Her head was bowed demurely as she murmured, “It all happened so fast.”

“Why is the washwoman here?” one of the men holding him down asked.

“Good question,” Elijah said pointedly, and received a cuff to the ear for his trouble.

Kate’s eyes widened, gaze flying frantically from soldier to soldier.

“He—, I—,” she stammered, and then without the slightest warning she fell into a dead faint.

“Bloody hell,” one of the soldiers said. “Tie this one up. We’ll put him with the other prisoners. One of you pick her up. We’ll have to send some boys back for the body.”

As the men trussed him like game fowl, Elijah glared at Kate’s prone form. One eye fluttered open and then quickly squeezed shut when she saw him staring at her.

He growled in frustration. His mother had been right. Large heart, small brain, indeed.





Read the complete story, along with more stories of diversity and romance, in the historical romance anthology, FOR LOVE & LIBERTY: Untold Love Stories of the American Revolution (June 2014).





