The Bedpost Queen

Lena Hart



Copyright © 2013 Lena Hart



The Queen Chronicles

Book II



A Sinful Short





The Bedpost Queen

Copyright © 2013 Lena Hart



Edited by Elizabeth Stock

Proofread by Shara Moon

All cover art and design copyright © 2013 by SM Publishing.



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

This literary work may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission.

The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the Internet or via any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author's and publisher's rights is appreciated.

All characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.

The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for third-party Web sites or their content.





~DEDICATION~

To Shauna and Elizabeth for being my second and third eyes—your feedback and support are invaluable.





THE BEDPOST QUEEN

Lena Hart





The Bedpost Queen, better known as the Queen of Spades, exhibits a mastery over herself…and her men.



♠





Chapter One



“It’s gonna be tight but I know you can handle it.”

“I know I can handle it,” Athena Lewis said. “But why the rush?”

Lounging on the plush seat of his empty nightclub, Joey Acerra regarded her with cool, pale brown eyes. “You let me worry about that. Just know that it needs to get done. Tonight.”

Athena stared at the dark haired man sitting across from her. She didn’t like this situation. Usually a job like this required planning—and a plan for the plan. But Joey was giving her only a few hours to complete a job that she had just learned about—and didn’t even want.

Unfortunately, she had no choice.

She turned as a large, muscular man came walking toward them through the dimly lit club. She and Joey sat at the far end of the nightclub, where private lounge seats lined the walls. She couldn’t make out the man’s features in the orange glow of the wall lamps but she could tell he wasn’t an Acerra. He had close-cropped blond hair, which made him look bald. All five Acerra brothers had a full head of dark hair.

“Who’s he?”

The large man pulled a seat up to their table and sat down. She couldn’t help but follow the thick, black lines of his tattoo, which crept up from his dark shirt and slightly curved around his broad neck.

“This here’s Jay,” Joey said. The man lifted his chin in acknowledgement but said nothing. “He’ll be working with you to make sure everything goes smoothly and I get my package,” Joey added.

“I don’t need a babysitter,” Athena said, staring directly at Jay, mirroring his indifference. Then she turned to Joey. “I told you I can do this.”

Joey snorted, exasperation flashing in his light brown eyes. “You’ve been out of the game too long, money tits. I can’t afford for you to screw this up.”

Athena glared at him, which many wouldn’t dare to do, but she hated when he called her that. It was because of him she had spent most of her teen years wearing sports bras, trying to conceal her fast developing breasts. Only the unknown consequences kept her from smacking that smug look off his face. Growing up, she had witnessed Joey Acerra’s dangerous and impulsive nature. But she was used to being around dangerous men and Joey was no different. The only thing to do with men like him was to be just as tough—and show no fear.

“Whatever,” she snapped, rolling her eyes. “Just because I’ve retired from this shit doesn’t mean I don’t know what I’m doing.”

Joey smirked. “No one ‘retires’ from this life, babe. We just find ways to be…creative. Like you and those fancy computer skills you’re letting go to waste.”

Athena gave him a level stare, hating that he knew so much about her. She had known Joey and his band of brothers since she’d been young enough to steal without being suspected, but old enough to know better. The brothers had adopted her wily brother into their “crew” of castaway boys when he proved good at sneaking in and out of places. But they didn’t know what to do with a nine-year old girl who refused to leave her older brother’s side. Until Dave Carrone had stepped in and defended her right to stay. It hadn’t been any grand gesture, but when Dave had simply instructed the rest of the boys to “leave her the fuck alone,” he’d forever won a place in her heart. And after that, the boys had pretty much ignored her, until she proved just as cunning as her brother.

But that was a lifetime ago. A lifestyle she had left behind eight years ago, when she’d decided she wanted more for herself than to see how much she could take without getting caught.

“Well I’m through and so is Anthony,” she said, enunciating each word. She wouldn’t let this asshole tell her how she should live her life. “After this job, I want you to lose our number.”

Joey laughed at her sharp retort. “As long as you get what I want, we’re square. Just make sure your punk ass brother keeps his head down and you won’t be hearing from me.”

“Why don’t you let me worry about Anthony. And you worry about Reese.”

Joey’s eyes flared and his jaw clenched tight at the mention of his younger brother. She was playing with fire by bringing up his incarcerated brother, but he needed to know that she could give as good as she got. And that she was just as protective of her only brother as he was of his four.

She steeled herself against his anger but just as quickly as it flared, it was replaced by cool detachment. “Anthony owes us two hundred grand so you can’t afford to make any mistakes.”

Athena narrowed her eyes at him but inside she was reeling. Two-hundred thousand dollars. What the hell did her brother do with that kind of money? She silently prayed he wasn’t gambling again.

“Like I said,” she repeated. “I know what I’m doing.”

Joey regarded her evenly. “Tonight is our one and only shot. Carrone’s smart and once he finds out what’s happened, that place will be guarded like a damn prison. So I hope, for Anthony’s sake, you get my package.”

Athena stared unblinkingly at Joey’s hard face. His threat was not lost on her. Anger and apprehension settled deep within her, but she couldn’t let that cloud her mind right now. She had a job to get ready for and usually that required mental preparation as much as it did physical.

She turned to Jay, who lounged back in his seat and stared at her with piercing blue eyes. His intense scrutiny grated on her nerves. Didn’t he speak? She was tempted to continue ignoring him but instead shot him a hard glare.

“And what do I do with him?” she asked.

The smile that formed on Joey’s lips was arrogant and Athena found it infuriating. He proceeded to tell her when and where she would meet up with the silent, tattooed thug so she could hand over Dave Carrone’s computer.

****

Athena pushed the luggage cart down the quiet, empty hall. She couldn’t believe how easy it had been to sneak into Royal Courts private floor, although it helped that Joey had made sure everything was arranged for her. From the bellhop uniform she now wore to the empty luggage piled inside the cart. The devil was in the details.

When she reached room 2328, she passed four more doors before she stopped and parked the cart. She grabbed her small black bag, pulled out the keycard she had swiped from a careless maid, and retraced her steps.

The card slipped easily into the door slot. She breathed a sigh of relief when the soft green light flashed and then the lock clicked. She pushed the door open and was greeted by darkness. A curtain was pushed back slightly to let in just a little light.

She walked through the front sitting area, letting her eyes adjust to the darkness. A half wall separated the sitting area and the bedroom. Athena moved further into the dark room, not wanting to attract any attention by turning on the lights. From the light spilling from the window into the suite, she could make out the rich, mahogany furniture and the large, king-sized bed near the windows. The hotel suite was just as immaculate as the hotel itself. Plush carpeting lined the floors and muffled her steps. The room was literally fit for a king—or at least for the man who owned and operated this beautifully designed palace.

She moved through the suite, familiarizing herself with the layout and possible hiding places for a computer. It was very likely Dave didn’t let the thing out of his sight—and knowing him that was probably the case. But she had to be sure. She had to be thorough.

Athena searched the room using the small penlight she carried as her guide. She bumped her knee against something hard and smothered a curse. Damn it! She was going to have to work for this one.

She looked in the closet and vaguely made out his dark suits and shoes inside. She rifled through all the drawers and compartments. Nothing. Across the bed, on the small desk, was a short, narrow safe that looked big enough to hold a jewelry box maybe, but nothing else. Certainly nothing as wide as a laptop.

The suite was large but well supplied, and she almost wondered if this was Dave’s second home. Or maybe his second home was the condo he kept in Summerlin. The one he’d used when he’d needed to get away during times like the Provenzano scandal.

She had followed the entire story on the news, knowing that the media had made up ninety percent of the headlines. The police and the media had been vicious, going after Dave specifically because he was a Carrone. But there was no way he’d involve himself in any money-laundering scheme. He had no desire for that life and if the police had been smart, they would know that only an idiot would get themselves—or their business—involved in such a mess.

Athena ended her search, having looked everywhere she could think of. She stood in the center of the room, trying to think fast. Tonight was her one and only chance. And she had only a few hours before security likely picked up on her activity and then the hotel would go on alert.

Okay, time for plan B.

There was no time for second guesses or regrets. She would have to set aside her feelings for Dave if she planned to get this done. She couldn’t be sure this bold idea would work but right now, she couldn’t think of any other way to get close enough to him to take the damn computer.

Athena went to her bag and pulled out the black cocktail dress and thigh-high stockings. Rumor had it that Dave Carrone wasn’t one to turn away women, much less a half-naked one, and all she needed was to get his defenses down.

She kicked off her loafers and began to undress. Moving with lightning speed, very conscious of the time, she removed her bellhop costume and threw it in the back of the closet. She stood there in a black lacy bra and a black thong.

It was nine thirty-six. If Joey’s source was reliable, Dave would be here any minute.

Athena tried to adjust the bra as best she could but her breasts still swelled over the small cups. Damn, either they were making these bras smaller or her breasts were getting bigger.

Sitting on the edge of the wide bed, she slipped on the black thigh-highs. She had heard more than once that men found black—or red—sexy on a woman. Athena opted for all black. Red just wasn’t her color. It looked too…garish against her brown skin.

She stood up, feeling more exposed than ever in the sexy get-up. She squelched the anxiety that was starting to build. She just needed to get Dave in the bed, immobile, and out of her way. Simple enough, right?

She scoffed. Right.

Athena examined the bed, wondering how she was going to get this done. Because of the wide frame, the bedposts on the ends of the headboard were too far apart. And she needed his hands tied together, not pulled apart like some sacrifice. She walked closer to the intricately designed headboard and to her relief, found several small openings that would work perfectly for what she had planned.

She grabbed the silk cocktail dress and draped it over the arm of the desk chair. Walking to the large window, she pushed back the curtains just a bit. Peering out at the city lights, she was once again mesmerized by its splendor.

The bright lights of Vegas had always drawn her, making her dream dreams she shouldn’t have. But when a life of scheming hadn’t given her the life she’d dreamt of, she’d decided to do the sensible thing and use her talents with technology to become more than a stealthy hacker. As a “white hat,” or computer security consultant, she got to work for herself and use her skills to help others. And the money wasn’t bad either. She had no regrets leaving her old life behind. It made her feel good to know everything she owned, she’d earned.

But now she was being dragged into this mess. For a moment, she was gripped with anxiety. She had never taken such risks before, never resorted to such tactics. Only the thought of saving her brother’s ass kept her in the suite.

Athena ran a hand through her short hair and braced herself for the performance of her life. The one thing that could go wrong was if Dave recognized her. Hopefully her cropped hair and long bangs would ensure he didn’t. Either way, she highly doubted he would remember the sports-jersey, baggy pants wearing girl she had once been. Fifteen years was a long time and she had changed quite a bit since then.

What would he think if he could see her now? He had always been protective of her, almost like having a sweet, gentle older brother. But overtime, her adolescent admiration and affection had evolved into a much stronger emotion. One that no amount of time had—or could have—changed.

Guilt stabbed at her as she tried again to justify what she was about to do. No matter how she tried to rationalize it, it just didn’t feel right. Dave didn’t deserve this.

He was the type of guy who gave two destitute kids food and shelter when things at home got unstable. And she would never forget the time she’d almost seen the inside of a juvenile detention center for her carelessness. It had been the one and only time she’d been caught with stolen merchandise. She had made the mistake of keeping her prize on her—a beautifully bright diamond ring. To her twelve-year old eyes, it had been as bright as the lights lining the Vegas strip. And just as captivating.

But Dave had come to her rescue, insisting to the authorities that someone had sold him the ring and he’d given it to her as a gift. No one had actually bought his story but thankfully he hadn’t been arrested. No charges had ever been brought up and she had believed it was because of who his father was. Dave had later given her a proper scolding for her carelessness but Athena hadn’t cared. To know he had taken that kind of risk for her had only endeared him more to her.

Athena turned away from the window and cursed her brother for putting her in this situation. She got into the large bed and slid under the covers. The sheets were cool and forgiving against her warm skin and guilty conscious. She pushed the niggling anxieties aside and positioned herself on the bed. She lay there, awkward and stiff. She had never slept with so little on—or with such uncomfortable underwear.

She glanced at the clock before resting her head on the soft pillow. Nine forty-eight. He could walk through that door any minute.

Then the telltale sound of a keycard sliding into the door, followed by a soft beep, filled the silence in the room.

He was here.





Chapter Two



David Carrone leaned against his desk as he ran off a list of names to his new assistant, Judith Bell. It was a little after nine, but he was used to working such late hours and his assistant of only six months appeared to be adjusting to his schedule.

“Be sure to add Bernard Butler to the list. He’s always been a generous contributor.”

Judith nodded then read back the list of names to him.

The charity event he and his good friend and business partner hosted every year was still months away, but Dave liked to be sure all the right people—those who made sizable donations—were at the event. The event was held at their luxury resort and casino and at fifteen hundred dollars a plate, they had a pretty good list. And it wouldn’t be hard to convince people to attend when the benefit was to support disadvantaged and abandoned kids.

“Am I missing anyone?” Judith asked.

“No,” Dave said. “I think that’s everyone. For now anyway. I’ll run the list by Gabe and will let you know if there are any changes.”

Though his business partner, Gabe, handled all of the external business for the resort, which resulted in his constant travelling, he still made the charity dinner every year and was just as involved as Dave was.

“Sounds good,” she replied.

Judith’s smile was sincere and charming. She was an attractive woman, and if she hadn’t worked for him, Dave would have considered taking her to bed. But workplace romances never worked out. Except for Gabe, though his situation had been different. And he’d been in love with his girl.

But Dave was against screwing women he worked with. If the legal shit didn’t get him, the emotional drama would. And he was a man strongly against drama.

Besides, Judith was great at her job and Dave didn’t want to be the kind of boss that chased his secretary around the office. Judith was professional—unlike his last assistant who had believed seducing him would have been a smart career move—and he wanted it to stay that way between them.

“I’ll type this up and send it over to you tonight.” As Judith prepared to leave, a knock came at the door.

“Yeah?” Dave called out.

Carlos Moreno, Royal Courts’ new chief of security, stood at the door. He glanced at Judith then quickly turned back to Dave. “You have a second?”

Dave waved him in. “Yeah. Have a seat.”

Moreno wasn’t the typical security chief one would find managing a casino, particularly not one the size of Royal Courts. He was younger than most, in his mid-thirties, didn’t wear a suit, and looked better fit to be security at a nightclub than a casino. But Moreno was tough, smart, and experienced. The fact that he came highly recommended was also a plus since Dave trusted his source.

Moreno walked in and took the seat across Dave’s desk, but he kept his gaze on Judith. Dave noticed how she purposely kept her eyes averted as she gathered her notes, and he thought that strange.

“Judith, don’t stay too late working on that,” Dave called out as she headed toward the door. “You can get it to me tomorrow.”

She nodded. “Okay. Have a good night, Mr. Carrone.”

“Thanks, you too,” he said absently as he fell into his seat. His night depended on what news Moreno had for him.

Dave noticed the other man’s eyes never left Judith as she walked to the door. “Good night, Judith,” Moreno called out.

She didn’t turn back when she replied, “Good night.”

The door closed quietly behind her and Dave sat studying his chief of security across his wide desk.

“What?” Moreno asked when he didn’t say anything.

Dave cocked an eyebrow. “Is there something going on?”

“No,” Moreno said with strong finality.

If there wasn’t, it obviously wasn’t from Moreno’s lack of trying. A man only looked at a woman like that when he really wanted her. Dave sighed. He didn’t care who Moreno got involved with, so long it didn’t interfere with his work or the business. And Dave didn’t like surprises.

“I trust you’ll let me know when there is.” It wasn’t a question and they both knew it. Moreno said nothing and Dave dropped the subject.

“What’s up?” Dave finally asked.

“Not much really,” Moreno said. “The Acerras are keeping their noses down. They’re not causing any real trouble. Not yet, anyway.”

“Is it still Joey and Duncan?”

“Tonight it was Joey and the other one that looks like he’s always having a bad day.”

Dave nodded, knowing exactly who Moreno was referring to. “Gino.”

“Yeah. They seem to be keeping to their usual schedule. In at seven, head straight to the blackjack table, then out by nine.”

“Okay. Then what is it?”

“Well, usually they play to win just enough to keep off the radar. Then they split. But tonight, they’re betting higher and winning every hand.”

Dave wasn’t surprised. Everything he’d learned about playing and winning at cards, he learned from the eldest Acerra brother, Brandon, and his younger brothers had also been well taught. Dave didn’t even bother asking Moreno if they were cheating because he knew they were. It was just a matter of catching them in the act.

“How much are they up to?”

Moreno told him the number and Dave raised an eyebrow. He contemplated that for a minute. Thirty thousand dollars on a weeknight wasn’t to be ignored.

“We’re looking through the tapes to see what their strategy is, but so far, we can’t find anything.”

And Dave knew they wouldn’t. At least not yet. But the brothers would give a sign eventually and then his team would know what to look for in future.

“You know,” Moreno continued, “we could just have them flagged and they’ll never set foot in here again.”

Dave shook his head. The Acerras didn’t do something for nothing. And his gut told him they were planning something big. Though he wanted nothing more than to block their access into his casino, first he wanted to know what they were up to. And what new cheating strategy they were using. He had told Gabe he would handle the brothers and that’s what he would do. He’d had called up one of the few men he trusted to help sort this out and soon they would know what their game was. For now, Dave would let the Acerras play.

“Just keep the cameras on them,” he told Moreno.

If his security chief wondered at his inaction, he didn’t say. Moreno just gave him a curious look then shrugged. Though any other patron who tried such a stunt would have long ago been shown the door, Dave had his reasons for waiting. And at the end of the day, it was his call.

Dave quickly switched topics and asked about the flash drive that had been left behind in Gabe’s office about a week ago. Amidst the ransacked office, they had found the small drive, which had contained restricted financial information about the casino—and surprisingly some personal info on Gabe’s wife-to-be, Gina Conners. Although the thief hadn’t managed to get away with anything of value, the scare of the close call had made them anxious to find out who it was. Gabe believed his ex-wife had been behind the break-in. Dave was inclined to agree with him, but he wanted to be sure. Which was why he hoped Moreno had managed to pull prints off the small memory stick.

“Not yet, but we should get something back any day now,” Moreno said. “If the person’s prints are in the system that is. If not, we may have to wait until there’s a match.”

Dave grunted. Based on the level of skill the person had used to break into Gabe’s office, they were dealing with a professional. “It’s already been a week. If we don’t get anything, we’ll need to start looking into other options.”

“Already on it,” Moreno said. “I have my cousin looking to see if we can find a trace of the original source on the drive. Any software or programs that can help us trace it back to someone.”

Dave nodded, pleased with Moreno’s idea. “Keep me posted.”

Once alone, Dave walked to the window and stared out at the bright lights of Las Vegas. To his right, the large gold crown emblem above the illuminated Royal Courts Resort & Casino glowed vividly from the center lot. Pride filled him at what he had accomplished with the help of his business partner. Gabe brought in the money from outside investments, and Dave managed the business inside, making sure their young resort and casino thrived.

No one had expected him—the bastard son of crime boss Robert Carrone—to succeed on his own and Dave was more than a little proud that he had proven them wrong. Dave had hustled his way through business school and dabbled in several businesses until he’d gained enough money and experience to bring Royal Courts into existence.

He walked back to his desk and glanced at the time. Nine forty-two. He decided to call it a night. There wasn’t anything else pressing for him to deal with tonight.

He grabbed his computer bag and left the office. As he passed by, he waved goodnight to the guard posted outside their offices. Ever since the break-in, they had added the extra security and even Moreno was working overtime. Though Dave always took his laptop with him at night, he now made sure it never left his sight.

He took the back elevators, the quickest route to his suite in the south tower. Nights like this made having the room handy. But he had to admit, he was beginning to miss the space and privacy of his own condo.

When he neared the door, he pulled out his keycard. He waited for the soft beep before pushing the door open. Walking into the suite, he immediately dropped his computer bag on the small sofa and began removing his suit jacket and belt. The curtains were open enough for ample light to spill into the suite. He unbuttoned his shirt and let it hang open as the cool hotel air washed over his heated chest. It felt good to finally be able to relax. He glanced over to the bed as he walked past then came to an abrupt stop.

What the fu…

With the stream of soft light that fell across the bed, he could make out a dark figure, which lay unmoving. He went to the desk, unlocked the safe, and pulled out the small handgun he kept inside. He didn’t like surprises. They annoyed him. Adrenaline made his heart beat heavily in his chest as he inched closer to the bed. He hid the gun behind him and undid the safety.

Then suddenly the shadowed figure sat up and to his surprise, he realized it was a woman—a woman who was all breasts, hips, and legs. She had short hair with bangs long enough to swoop over her eyes, partly shielding them. Despite the low light, he could see she only had on a black bra, a size too small, barely-there panties, and a pair of black thigh-highs.

With her lush curves silhouetted against the sheets, it was hard for him to focus anywhere else. And his shaft immediately responded.

She didn’t move or say anything, just sat there perched on the bed like an erotic dream—or sexy offering. And he would be lying if he pretended he didn’t want to feast.

While he continued to stare down at her in all her lush glory, she grabbed the sheets to cover herself. But he was faster. He jerked them from her hands and tossed them behind him. She swept her bangs aside and he could have sworn irritation flashed across her face. He would have laughed at her audacity if he hadn’t been so intrigued by the situation.

“Stop it.”

He was jarred by the light, husky tone of her voice. It was incredibly sexy. He grew even harder.

“Stop what?”

“Stop staring at me.”

Dave cocked an eyebrow and couldn’t help but smile. She apparently didn’t know where she was. Or who he was.

“Sweetheart, you’re in my bed. I’m gonna do more than just stare.”





Chapter Three



Athena’s heart thudded in her chest. She couldn’t believe she just said that. This was no way to start a seduction.

She would have laughed at herself if her heart weren’t lodged in her throat. Partly from fear. Partly from something far more disturbing.

She watched as he walked over to the desk, placed something inside the safe then made his way back to where she sat perched like a frightened rabbit.

Soft light from the window outlined his broad shoulders. His shirt lay open enough for her to catch a glimpse of his hard, muscled chest. It was a very nice chest. The button and zipper of his slacks were undone and it was hard not to stare at the faint dark hairs that trailed down to his crotch. At that moment, Athena wondered what it would be like to go to bed with Dave Carrone.

She turned away, flushed. She was supposed to be seducing him yet she was the one losing her senses.

He continued to assess her in that way of his that made her feel completely naked. She struggled with the urge to cover herself, especially her breasts, which were fighting to be freed from their tight restraints.

But the growing bulge in his pants gave her a spark of reassurance. He was obviously attracted to her, and she needed to capitalize on that. And salvage what she could from her botched plan of seduction.

“It’s not that I mind finding a beautiful woman in my bed,” he began, casually. “I’m flattered actually. But what the hell are you doing here?”

Athena gathered her courage and rose to her knees on the soft bed. She offered him what she hoped was a seductive smile. “I-I’ve been waiting for you.”

His eyes travelled down the length of her. “Oh yeah?” he said with a smirk. “A second ago, you didn’t even want me looking at you.”

He was right but she couldn’t help that. The way he was watching her was unnerving. His gaze was too intense. It was as if he was trying to see right through her flimsy bra and string panties to glimpse into her soul.

Athena looked down at his hard chest and surprised herself by being honest with him. “I get shy sometimes.”

He was silent for a moment. “With a body like yours? Why?” he asked, incredulous.

Athena shrugged, touched by his emphatic remark. Her body certainly wasn’t modeling material—she had too much breast, hips and ass for that—but he certainly didn’t seem to mind. A surprise since she’d always thought he was more into the willowy thin women that had always seemed to hang on his arm back then.

He glanced down at her semi-nude body again. His words changed something in her and the way he was staring at her now made her breath hitch, but in a good, tantalizing way. For the first time in her life, Athena felt…sexy.

She inched closer to him, slid her hand through his shirt and placed it on his hard chest. Heat and power radiated from his body and his muscles flexed beneath her fingers. She smiled inside. “Something about you makes me nervous,” she whispered.

“Why? You’re beautiful.”

She smiled softly at that. He thought her beautiful? “It’s the way you look at me… It turns me on.” Oh God, did that just come out of my mouth?

But her admission seemed to excite him. She could feel the rapid beating of his heart against her palm.

He placed his hand over hers and tightened his hold. Then he reached out and trailed his hands down the curve of her waist, and she shivered at the light touch. Gripping her hips, he pulled her toward him and she fell against him. The contact of their bodies was electrifying.

“Then we should do something about that,” he murmured huskily.

Her breasts pressed against his hard chest and the sensation left Athena holding her breath. His warm, smoky scent wrapped around her as her heart thudded in her ears from both fear and excitement. Having sex with him hadn’t been part of the plan, but the thought of taking all that power and strength inside her was extremely arousing.

She smiled then whispered, “So what are you waiting for?” Despite the dim lighting, she could see the heat in his eyes. It was too late to take the words back.

She wasn’t sure she wanted to.

Dave leaned down and murmured inches from her lips, “Who are you?”

Athena stared at his lips, eager to feel them against hers. She looped her arms around his neck and pressed her body fully against his. A small, wicked part of her loved the clandestine nature of their hook-up and she was in no rush to change that. And it would be stupid of her to do so.

She tilted her head slightly and lightly brushed her lips across his. “Your destiny,” she whispered against his lips.

He inhaled sharply then slanted his mouth over hers, deepening the kiss. His mouth moved over hers as he gently rubbed his tongue across her lower lip. Athena moaned as she parted her lips. She was lost in the heat and carnal pleasure of his mouth and didn’t realize what was happening until the small clasp of her bra gave way under his deft fingers.

Athena didn’t have time to react. He pushed the bra aside and brought his mouth down to her taut nipple. Liquid heat flowed through her and she drew in a sharp breath.

She ran her fingers through his hair and down his shoulders as he continued sucking at her tender, aching nipple. All thoughts of stealing left her as she concentrated on the man who was building a carnal fire inside her.

She pulled off his shirt and began to work at his pants. He briefly stepped away from her and dragged them off in short time. She got only a glimpse of his magnificent body and the deep V that led to his hard length, before he came back to her and began tugging at her thong. The delicate material snapped under his force and he tossed it aside.

Athena wrapped her hand around his long, hard shaft, excited by the feel of his heated flesh beneath her palm. Satin wrapped around steel. That’s what he felt like.

She squeezed and stroked and he groaned deeply. That increased her confidence. She brought her mouth to his again and kissed him just as deeply and passionately as he had her, still stroking and caressing him.

He growled low in his throat and pushed her down on the bed. The rustling of foil broke through her haze of lust as she watched him sheath himself with one, fast stroke. He moved over her and she parted her legs for him. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she was thankful he had remembered protection when she was so far beyond thinking.

He settled heavily between her spread thighs, capturing her lips for another searing kiss. Her breath hitched from the agonizing pleasure of his hardness pushing against her soft depths. He moved his hand between them and began slowly rubbing her tender spot, wrenching a deep moan from her. She lifted herself against his teasing fingers, wanting more of the sharp currents he sparked within her.

His long, deft finger entered her slowly and she gasped at the piercingly sweet sensation. Deep moans escaped her as he moved his finger in and out of her in slow, lazy strokes. Desire tightened in her belly then pooled around his finger. She clutched at his shoulders, clenching her eyes shut, as he continued to bring her to new heights.

Suddenly he withdrew his finger from inside her. Her eyes opened slightly and she watched in fascination as he sucked on his damp finger. She was surprised by how much that aroused her. He slipped the same finger between her lips and she sucked greedily at it, faintly tasting him and herself. He groaned then brought his mouth down to hers.

He slipped his tongue into her mouth and she licked and teased and stroked, enjoying the erotic play. With a low growl, he grabbed her thighs and lifted them high. She vaguely noticed the black thigh-highs over her longs legs. The contrast of the thin, black material cradling his hips was deliciously exotic.

He held her thighs in a tight grip and she couldn’t even move. Not that she wanted to. She smoothed her hands over his shoulders and down his back as he slowly guided himself into her. Her fingernails dug into his broad shoulders, wincing at the discomfort but not wanting him to stop.

He began to pull out of her but she quickly wrapped her legs around him and he plunged into her deeply. She cried out softly at the sudden, sharp discomfort.

“Okay?” he asked hoarsely.

Athena nodded, trailing light kisses on his damp neck and shoulder, her legs still wrapped tightly around him. It had been a long time for her but she wanted this. She wanted him.

He moved over her gently at first, each stroke sending electric currents through her. Her moans were in rhythm with his harsh groans. Fire coiled in her belly and flowed down to her core. She was lost in the sensation of their heated skin melding together, their bodies joined as one.

Intense emotion overwhelmed her and suddenly she couldn’t stand for him not to know who she was—not to know her name.

“Athena,” she gasped softly against his ear.

He lifted his head from the crook of her neck and rested it on her forehead. His face was drawn tight and his eyes were hooded as he continued pumping into her.

“What?” he murmured huskily, still moving rhythmically inside her.

She brought her hand up to his strained face, gasping on another deep thrust.

“My…name’s…Athena,” she whispered unevenly.

He flashed her a strained smile that was incredibly sexy then brought his lips down for another intoxicating kiss.

Their harsh breathing broke the silence in the room as he began pounding deeper. She tightened her legs around him and held on.

The clenching in her belly grew unbearable until finally she shattered. Straining against him, she bit his shoulder as wave after wave of ecstasy rolled through her. Through her haze of pleasure, she heard his harsh grunt as he too found his release.

Lying in the silent aftermath, Athena realized she had truly lost a fundamental piece of herself. Her heart.





Chapter Four



That wasn’t sex.

Dave had been with lots of women but never had it been this… raw. Especially not with a woman who’d told him her name only moments after he was inside her.

What they’d just shared had been intense. It roused feelings in him he didn’t quite know how to put into words. He felt exposed yet complete…as if he’d found something he hadn’t even realized he’d been missing.

She trailed her fingers lightly down his back, leaving traces of heat where she touched. His heart thumped in his chest. He remained nestled between her soft thighs, stirring at her gentle caress. Man, she was good.

He pulled away from her and looked down at her, loving the way she smiled sleepily up at him. There was something familiar about that smile.

“You know,” he began, brushing his thumb along her lower lip, “you’re not the first woman who’s snuck into my bed. But you’re certainly the best.”

To his surprise, she lost the lazy smile and stared at him with wide, hurt eyes. He lost his grin, not knowing what to make of that. Hadn’t he just paid her a compliment?

She pushed at his shoulders and Dave rolled away from her. He felt he needed to say something but had no clue as to what. This was new territory for him. He couldn’t calm his own unsteady emotions much less try to soothe hers.

Before he could find the right words, she jumped off the bed and ran into the bathroom. Dave sat up on the bed and watched as she shut the door. He hadn’t been lying when he said she hadn’t been the first woman to sneak into his bed. Women often sought him out for a good time and on occasion, he was happy to oblige. But many of them he’d known in some form or fashion. Never had it been with a complete stranger.

But this woman was different. She was an alluring distraction—one he hadn’t been able to turn away from.

He just hoped things didn’t turn awkward between them. He certainly wouldn’t object if she decided to spend the night.

A few minutes later, she came out wrapped in a thick towel. She had even removed the stockings, he noticed with some disappointment. But then again, her shapely thighs looked better without them.

“Hey,” he called out. “You okay?”

She walked to where he sat on the bed, the sway of her hips stealing his attention. Even through the towel, he could make out the outline of her exquisite figure. No, one night with her would not be enough.

She greeted him with a soft smile when she reached the bed, still holding on to the towel. “Yes, of course I’m okay.”

He studied her. From the distant look in her eyes, he could tell something had changed. And he wanted to know what.

But whatever he was about to say fled his mind when she dropped the towel. She stood there before him gloriously naked.

“Ready for round two?”

Those throaty words spoken so softly got him more than ready. Her full breasts, lush hips, and narrow waist formed the perfect hourglass. The image before him caused his heart to quicken and his cock swelled.

Oh, yes. I’m ready.

But he couldn’t find the words so he simply nodded. If he hadn’t been so aroused, he’d have laughed at himself. He, David Carrone, experienced ladies’ man, was rendered speechless by a satin-skinned temptress.

He reached out to touch her but she pulled away. He glanced up at her face only to find her laughing. Frustrated, he reached for her again. He didn’t have time for games.

Again, she pulled away. He growled.

“Hold on there, stud. It’s my turn now and I want to play a game.”

“No.”

“Please,” she said, pouting. “I think you’ll like it.”

She reached out and stroked the side of his neck, trailing her fingers down his chest. His cock jerked. He didn’t have to say anything else. She had him.

She pushed him down on the center of the bed and crawled over him. He grinned up at her, his heart pounding in anticipation.

“If you wanted to ride, you should’ve just said so. I won’t object.”

Her lips quirked up. “There’s a twist,” she whispered.

“And that is…?”

She pulled out a long, black thin strip. It was one of her thigh-highs. “You can’t touch.”

He was intrigued—and more than a little excited. “Okay, I’ll play. But what do I do while you play cowgirl?”

Her laugh was husky and endearing. “You watch.” She pulled his hands above his head and began looping the delicate material around his wrists, binding them together. In her current position, her beautifully ample breasts hovered just above his face. He flicked his tongue over a nipple and watched as it puckered. She inhaled sharply but continued her task of knotting the nylon at the top of the headboard.

He lifted his head slightly and managed to pull the nipple fully into his mouth. He sucked eagerly at the swollen bud, flicking his tongue across the hard point. She moaned softly, bringing her hand to his head and holding him to her lovely breast. He grazed his teeth across her sensitive flesh then bit down gently. At her sharp gasp, he pulled away.

“Did that hurt?”

She peered down at him through heavy lids. “No,” she whispered, tucking her lower lip between her teeth. “It felt good.”

Dave was rigid with need. Everything she did was sexy. He tried to move his hand to touch her but it jerked back firmly above his head. The smooth bindings of her stockings locked his wrists together and kept him from reaching for her. Agitation rose in him when he realized he wouldn’t be able to touch her. But it was her show. He forced himself to relax and let her have her fun.

He would get his turn.

But the rest of his limited coherence fled him when she slid down his body, her soft skin gliding over him like cool satin. Her soft lips pressed down on his heated skin and he couldn’t hold back the deep groan that rumbled from his chest. She ran her tongue against his flat nipple then sucked at it, hard.

Dave growled and unconsciously tugged on the ties again, his body jerking from the intense sensation.

She looked down at him and a teasing smile flashed on her lips. “I see it works both ways.”

His balls constricted tightly as precome seeped out of his taut shaft. He was harder than he’d ever remembered being in his life and so close to release that it was driving him crazy. She continued down his body, placing light kisses down the length of him. Dave held his breath as she moved lower. For a moment, he thought she was going to take him into her soft, warm mouth. His shaft twitched in anticipation. He closed his eyes and waited.

But she was gone.

He lay there, drawn tight with unspent need. The unnatural stillness in the room was unsettling and his eyes flew open. Her shadowy figure was crouched down in the closet and she pulled out a small bag. But in that moment, all his sex-clouded brain could register was that his cock was pointing painfully toward the ceiling and she was clear across the room.

“What the hell are you looking for?”

His sharp voice splintered the silence in the room. She visibly jerked but said nothing. Instead, she walked toward the desk with the small bag.

“Get back here and finish what you started,” he said through gritted teeth.

He jerked at the secured ties but they only seemed to tighten around his wrists. His arms were stretched high above his head, limiting his movements. Cold trepidation began to settle in his gut.

“I’m sorry,” she said, as she quickly slipped on a black dress. “I didn’t mean for this to go as far as it did. I mean, I had hoped to get you in bed but I hadn’t expected us to… Anyway, sex with you wasn’t part of the plan. Now things have gotten a little complicated,” she rushed out. Then she murmured more to herself, “But what’s done is done and we can’t take it back.”

His anger and frustration swiftly turned into white, hot fury. He jerked at the bindings violently, wishing he could wrap them around her pretty little neck.

“Don’t,” she cried out, turning to face him. “You’ll only make it tighter and then it’ll be harder for you to cut through.”

He fought to push his anger aside and think. She had him duped but good and he didn’t know what angered him the most: the fact that she’d made a fool out of him or that he still wanted her to finish what she started.

Fully dressed, she inched toward the bed but still kept a good distance. “I never meant for this to happen, Davie,” she said quietly.

Dave froze at her soft, husky words. The last time he’d heard that name was fifteen years ago. And there was only one person he had allowed to call him by that nickname. She had been a scruffy little girl with clothes too big for her. Not this curvaceous and conniving temptress. Then he recalled the name she’d whispered to him while he’d been deep inside her. Athena.

“Tena?”

Her obvious surprise confirmed his guess as solemn regret filled her dark eyes. Tena Lewis. The woman who stood before him was a far cry from the tomboy that had hung around her brother like a shadow. The last time he’d seen her was fifteen years ago, when he’d just turned twenty and had made enough money of his own to leave his old life of scheming behind.

Apparently, she hadn’t.

The reality of his situation came crashing down on him and he let his rage show. “Why the hell are you doing this?”

She let out a weary sigh. “Believe me, if I had another choice, I wouldn’t even be here.”

“That’s not what I asked,” he snapped. “Why are you here?”

“I’m just doing a job,” she said. “I don’t know why it’s important to them but apparently it is. And I’m just here to collect.”

“And who is ‘them’? How much are they paying you?”

She bit her lower lip and slowly shook her head. “I’m sorry. I can’t say. And you know that.”

“Bullshit,” he snapped. Anger boiled over in him as he was made painfully aware of his awkward situation. “Just get over here and untie me. I promise I’ll let you walk out of here.”

She shook her head again. “Even if I believed you, which I don’t, I have four bigger, meaner bastards to deal with.”

The Acerras. Of course they were behind this bullshit.

“Sweetheart,” he began in a deceptively low tone, “you should worry less about them and more about me right now.”

She flinched at his cold words but stood her ground. “I don’t doubt it,” she whispered. She quickly turned away from him, went back to her bag and pulled out something thin and flat. She walked back toward the bed, keeping her eyes intently on him as she slipped the thin utensil between his fingers.

“Here’s a plastic knife,” she said. “The ridges are sharp enough to cut through the nylon. It’ll keep you busy for a bit but it should work.”

He gripped the plastic knife. “Tena, you’re only making this worse for yourself,” he growled. Running his thumb over the ridges, he began viciously working the nylon.

She walked to where his computer bag lay and pulled out his laptop. She slipped it into her bag, donned a long, black wig then looped the bag over her shoulders. Turning back to him, she whispered, “Really, Davie. I am sorry about this.” With that, she quietly left the room.

Dave watched her leave as he continued working the sheer material. He couldn’t wait to get his hands on her again. The anticipation of that moment fueled his sawing.





Chapter Five



Athena’s stomach was a web of knots as she made her way down the hall, toward the elevators.

Stupid, stupid, stupid! Why had she allowed it to go that far? And then to compound it by telling him her name. He would never forgive her. If he didn’t kill her first.

Just thinking about the fury in his pale gray eyes made her shudder. The last thing she wanted was to be in Dave’s line of fire, especially when he had always been good to her.

But she couldn’t let anything happen to the only family she had left.

Athena reached the brightly lit elevator banks and jumped into the first one that arrived, almost knocking down an attractive Hispanic man. The man grabbed her arm to steady her.

“Excuse me,” she muttered, blaming her guilt-ridden conscious for making her jumpy.

But the man didn’t release her. Instead, he held on to her, using his other hand to hold the elevator doors open. He studied her with very dark eyes.

“Can I help you, miss?”

Athena looked him over. It didn’t take her long to recognize he was security. He didn’t dress like one but he had the look. She had been taught how to spot them.

“Uh, no. I’m just heading to my room.”

“This is a private floor.”

She offered him a brilliant smile. “I realized that when I couldn’t find my room.”

“And what room is that?”

Athena pulled the keycard Jay had slipped to her earlier and held it up for him to see. “1408.”

“That’s on the fourteenth floor,” he said curtly before releasing her.

“Thanks,” Athena muttered, jabbing the elevator button. She held on to her forced smile as the elevator doors slid closed between them. As soon as they shut, she lost her smile and slumped against the elevator handrail.

Jay had been insane to insist they meet at Royal Courts. His ridiculous rationale had been that security wouldn’t expect them to still be in the hotel. Therefore, it would be easier to hand over the package and disappear before anyone realized she was still there.

She hoped he was right.

She let herself into the room, half expecting him to be there waiting for her. He wasn’t. She slipped off the wig and pulled out the laptop.

She stared at it for a second. Handing it over to Joey Acerra just didn’t sit right with her. They knew she was good at hacking into well-protected security systems. She could have gotten them what they needed without all this. Unless whatever it was they wanted, they didn’t want her to know. An idea began to form and though it would be risky, she would at least feel less disgraceful.

Sitting on the edge of the bed, she went to work. She began copying the contents of Dave’s laptop onto a small black hard drive. This wasn’t what Joey would be expecting but it was all he was getting. And this might not stop Dave’s rage from crashing down on her, but she would be able to live with herself.

While the files copied, she sent Jay a blank text, letting him know she was there. As she waited for his response, she looked at the hard drive. It wouldn’t be as good as the real thing but this would restrict whatever damage or harm the Acerras had planned against Dave and his business.

She meant everything she’d said to him. The last thing she wanted to do was hurt him. She didn’t know what the Acerras wanted with Dave’s laptop, why it was worth so much to them, but apparently it was. She might not be able to stop them but she certainly wasn’t going to make it easy for them either.

Athena shook the thoughts away and glanced down at her phone again, anxious for Jay’s call.

When it rang, she jumped. She was surprised and a little irked to see it was her brother calling.

“Tena, did you get it?” Anthony asked anxiously when she answered.

“Yeah, I got it.” She could practically hear the relief escape him. “But you don’t know what it cost me to go in there and do this. He was our friend and what we’re doing is shitty.”

“I know, Tena. But we had no choice.”

“Next time, think twice before you take anybody else’s money,” she snapped.

“Believe me, if I had it, I would give back every cent I borrowed.”

Athena was silent for a moment. Her older brother had always been selfish, and now, even as an adult, he never stopped to think about the consequences of his actions. It seemed easy for him to screw up and let his little sister cover for him. And since she often did, he had grown used to her bailing him out. But after tonight, that would have to change.

“Why’d you take their money in the first place?” She asked the burning question that had bothered her since this all began. “What the hell did you spend two-hundred grand on?”

“Two hundred? Shit,” Anthony muttered. “That’s nowhere near what they actually gave me. Those assholes are jacking up the price.”

“Why are you surprised?” Athena mocked. “You should know better than to take money from them anyway. A lot has changed since we were kids. They’ve changed and they’re not gonna just lend you that kind of money and look the other way when you don’t pay up.”

“It’s not like I blew the money on bullshit. Or gambled it away like I know you think I did. I used it on a business investment that didn’t work out.”

Athena was glad to hear her brother hadn’t fallen back into his old vice but that didn’t change the fact that his shady business venture put her in this position.

“Was it worth it?” she finally asked. He didn’t respond. Athena sighed. “Ant, I know you’re trying to do your thing but you can’t keep putting yourself, or me, in these situations. I’m not gonna always be there to help you. And if anything happened to you too…” Athena’s voice cracked and she couldn’t finish the thought. They only had each other now and she didn’t want to lose the last family she had left in this world.

“Geez, Tena, don’t cry.”

“Shut up,” she choked out, smiling at the panic in his voice. Her brother wasn’t used to her doing anything remotely “girly.” Like crying.

The one and only time she’d seen her brother cry was at their parents’ funeral. At eight and twelve, they had lost their parents to a careless driver and their world had never been the same after. They had been shuffled from one reluctant relative to another until their grandmother had finally taken them in. But she had been too old and feeble to raise children all over again, so Athena and her brother had learned early on to fend for themselves and depend only on each other.

Eventually their grandmother had passed on and without any real supervision, she and Anthony had practically raised themselves. And that made it easy to fall in with an unscrupulous crowd that felt almost like being part of a family.

“I promise this is the last time, Tena,” Anthony proclaimed. “You don’t have to worry about me.”

She hoped her brother was right—and would keep his promise. If she bet on all the times he had kept a promise to her… Let’s just say, she was glad she didn’t gamble.

When she hung up the phone, she checked on the computer. The transfer was complete. Now she just had to come up with her story. She glanced at the clock again. It was getting late.

Where the hell was Jay?

****

“Your timing sucks,” Dave snapped into the phone. “She just left with the computer. Mind telling me why you didn’t warn me about her unexpected visit?”

“I just found out about it this morning and couldn’t get away,” Jay explained mildly. “But I’ve been trying to get a hold of you for the last two hours. Where the hell were you?”

Getting screwed. Literally and figuratively, Dave thought with a frustrated sigh. He looked over at the bed where he’d just freed himself from his bindings and unconsciously rubbed his wrists.

“I got tied up,” Dave said dryly, grimacing at the bad pun. “Anyway, just a little heads up would be nice next time.”

“If I had known how she planned to do it, you would have been the first to know. But unfortunately she kept that bit to herself, so I had little knowledge of how she planned to take it.”

Dave had called in his favor with his friend, Jay Flint, just to keep close to the Acerras and find out what they were up to. The brothers had been frequenting his casino a lot more after the break-in and Dave doubted it was all a coincidence. But when he’d asked Jay to stay close, he had hoped to avoid this kind of situation. Being tied up and left alone with a painful erection was not a position Dave wanted to find himself in again.

“Do you know what they plan to do with the laptop once they get it?”

“No, they kept the conversations on a need-to-know.” Jay paused then added. “But Gino let it slip that there may be a deal in it for Reese if they can get you tied to the Provenzano business. I can’t be sure, but they could be trying to link you and your partner to that whole money laundering business.”

Dave leaned back in his seat and ran his hand over his face. The Provenzano scandal was never going to leave him alone, he thought wearily. He had spent the better part of the year trying to disassociate himself from the Provenzano scheme that had hurt their casino’s reputation. But no matter how often he denied it, there were still people who believed he was trying to follow in his father’s footsteps. Some even alleged he’d skirted the law because of who his relations were. Little did they know that he had no desire to be a part of the Carrone family business.

The only thing that connected Dave to his father was his last name and that was as far as Dave wanted it to go. His mother may have been content to be a “Carrone Mistress,” but Dave had wanted more than just being known as one of Robert Carrone’s illegitimate offspring.

But if what Jay was saying were true, then Dave would just have to confront this situation head on. He would only be opening himself up to more rumors and speculation if he got law enforcement involved. And it hadn’t gotten to that point yet. Once he got his property back, he would chalk up this night to bad judgment and a bruised ego.

“Do you know where she is?” Dave asked.

Jay grunted. “Yeah. She wouldn’t let me in on her little plan so I figured I’d make it easier on myself and keep her close.”

Dave grinned, relieved. He knew exactly what Jay meant because he would have done the same thing. “What room is she in?”

“1408. I can bring her to you or you can go to her. Up to you.”

Dave weighed his options. He didn’t see how his friend would bring her back up to him without attracting attention. And for right now, he wanted to keep this one quiet.

“Where are you now?” Dave asked.

“On my way to the room.”

Dave got up from his seat. “Good. I’ll be there in ten minutes. Make sure she doesn’t leave.”

Dave hung up the phone and jerked on his clothes. He found the missing half of her black thigh-highs on the bathroom floor and smiled with cold anticipation. Stuffing the stocking in his pocket, he left the room. He had every intention of finishing what she started.





Chapter Six



Athena jumped at the loud knock on the door. It was followed by a soft beep and a second later, Jay strolled in. She forced herself to relax. He had sent her a text a few minutes earlier saying he was on his way up.

“What took you so long?” she greeted him, jumping off the bed. She stood there for a moment, apprehensive.

“Traffic,” he said, shutting the door behind him.

Athena rolled her eyes. “Right.”

She walked to where she’d placed the hard drive and held it out to him. “Here.”

Jay looked at the small, black device and cocked an eyebrow. “That doesn’t look like a computer.”

“It’s not. But I couldn’t take it with me. It was too risky. They best I could do was copy it over onto this hard drive.” He continued staring down at her with his crystal blue eyes, which made her fidget. “It’s just as good as having the real thing. This way, they have everything they need without having to go through all the firewalls.”

He reached out and took the hard drive. “Where’s the computer?”

“Where I left it.” He stared down at her and she added, “In his hotel room.”

He walked over to the bed then pulled open her bag.

“What the hell are you doing?” Athena snapped.

He didn’t answer her. She went to grab for her bag but he pulled out the laptop and placed it on the desk with the hard drive.

“You don’t need the computer. Everything Joey needs is in the drive.”

She was about to inform him that the computer would soon be useless once the word got out that it was stolen when a hard knock came at the door. Athena jumped and whirled around. Jay went to the door, not sparing her a glance. He opened it and stepped back. To her dismay, Dave walked in.

“What the hell…,” she choked out.

Dave strode into the room, tall, dark, and impossibly handsome in the full light of the hotel room. He was also extremely pissed.

He headed directly toward her and her heart lurched as his gray eyes held hers with ferocious intent. Athena backed away until she came up firmly against the wall. She instinctively raised her hand in a weak attempt to ward him off.

He continued toward her until he had her trapped. She literally had no place to turn. Her senses were too aware of his nearness for her mind to form a coherent thought. But looking into his steely gray eyes, all she could think about was how dark they had turned when he’d been thrusting into her.

Dave wrapped his hands around her wrists and pulled her close to him. He leaned down until his lips were nearly brushing her ear. At his nearness, her body grew warm beneath the black cocktail dress.

“Leaving a defenseless man tied-up with a raging hard-on is not very polite.” His blasé tone did nothing to conceal the ice in his eyes. Still holding on to her wrists, he dragged her to the bed. She began to panic.

“Sit,” he barked, pushing her down.

Athena didn’t argue. She looked over at Jay, who was still standing by the door and thankfully hadn’t appeared to hear Dave.

“What’s going on?” she asked cautiously.

He smiled down at her, a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. Then he turned back to Jay. “Where is it?”

Jay nodded toward the small desk. “Over there. She also copied it to a hard drive.”

Athena couldn’t believe what was happening. Had Jay sold her out?

“What’s going on here?” she snapped, unable to take the suspense any longer.

Both men ignored her.

“What do you want me to tell Joey?” Jay asked.

“Nothing,” Dave said. “I don’t want them to know you’re involved.”

“Right. Or you’ll be owing me favors,” Jay said. “But Joey’s expecting me to bring your computer by later this morning.”

“Tell them what you need to, but hopefully I’ll have this resolved before you meet with him.”

“All right,” Jay said then threw a questioning glance at her. “Then you’re cool?”

Dave turned to her. “Yeah. Tena and I go way back. She can handle me.”

Without another word, the other man slipped out of the room and to Athena’s surprise, she found she missed his presence. Being alone in the room with Dave’s penetrating stare left her feeling horribly exposed.

Without a word, Dave sat down on the small sofa and held her gaze from across the room. He regarded her like a king on his throne would regard a traitorous subject.

She licked her suddenly dry lips. “Look,” she began. “You got me. You won. So you can stop trying to intimidate me.”

Dave smirked but his gaze remained hard. “Don’t underestimate how pissed I am,” he began casually. “I don’t think I’ve been screwed that good since…ever. I have to give it you, Tena. You’re good.”

Athena had a feeling he wasn’t just talking about her stealing his computer. “This wasn’t personal,” she murmured.

He scoffed. “Oh, I think it’s pretty damn personal.” His eyes skimmed down to her chest, which displayed an ample amount of cleavage. Her nipples hardened thinking of the way he had brought them into his warm mouth. Okay, stop it, she scolded herself.

“I found the costume you left behind,” he said casually. “A bellhop uniform. Clever.”

Athena shrugged. “A maid’s getup seemed a bit trite.” She tried to mimic his cool demeanor but wasn’t sure she was succeeding.

His attitude might appear laid back but his gray eyes were shooting silver bullets. “So why don’t you tell me why I shouldn’t have the police here hauling your pretty little ass away?”

Athena’s heart pounded in her chest. “Calling the cops won’t solve anything and you know it. They’ll just find another way to get what they want.”

“And what is it they’re looking for?”

She shrugged. “All I know is that whatever it is, it’s worth forgiving two-hundred thousand dollars over.”

He was silent for a minute then said quietly, “Why don’t you start from the beginning.”

Athena began hesitantly at first, telling him how Joey Acerra approached her, promising to square off her brother’s debts if she pulled this off.

“The two-hundred grand?”

Athena nodded.

He frowned. “Is Anthony still gambling?” His tone was full of censure.

“Coming from the man who’s running a casino,” Athena retorted. “I think you’re the last one to pass judgment.”

“I’m not judging,” he snapped. “But if you needed the money, you could have come to me. Or I could have—”

“I’m not taking your money,” she interrupted sharply.

He looked at her derisively. “No, you’d rather just steal from me instead.”

Athena glanced away. Funny how pride made irrational thinking seem pretty damn rational. He was right. All of this could have probably been avoided if she had asked him for help from the beginning. But she wasn’t accustomed to asking anyone for help. And despite his generosities in the past, she couldn’t see herself coming up to him, after fifteen years, and asking for money she would have never been able to repay. But then maybe that would have been the better alternative.

“Look, I’m sorry. You’re right. I should have come to you about this, especially after all you’ve done for us. For me. And I really feel terrible about this.”

To her surprise and absolute annoyance, he threw his head back and laughed at her declaration. “Oh no, sweetheart, you’re not getting off that easy, so save your apology.” Then he asked, “Why the hard drive?”

He probably wasn’t going to believe her but she told him anyway.

“I was going to give Joey the hard drive and tell him I couldn’t grab the computer so that I could return it to you. He would have had copies of all your information but at least that would have been all he had. A bunch of copied files.” Even to her ears that didn’t make it better.

Dave was silent for a moment, as if trying to gauge if she was being honest. Athena sighed.

“And what about the flash drive?” he finally asked.

Athena frowned. “What flash drive?”

“Never mind,” he said smoothly. He stood up from the sofa and Athena jumped up from the bed. Alarm filled her as he advanced toward her.

“Look, I told you everything. If you were gonna call the cops, you would have done it already.”

His smile was mocking. “How do you know they’re not waiting outside right now?”

Athena looked at him searchingly. He wouldn’t…would he?

He must have read the apprehension on her face because he let out a loud sigh. “I’m not gonna call the cops,” he said with exasperation. “But that doesn’t mean I’m gonna just let you walk out of here.”

“What more do you want,” she whispered. “I didn’t take anything else.”

He glanced over her then said, “First, I’m gonna talk to Joey and put an end to this mess. That’ll give me some time to decide what to do with you.”

“Let me leave, Davie,” she said quietly. “And I promise I’ll never step foot in here again.”

He regarded her for a moment then said, “I’d rather you stay.”

Frustration rose in her. She wanted to leave and put this night behind her. She glanced at the door. He couldn’t force her to stay there and she wasn’t obligated to. He had his property back and he’d said he wouldn’t call the cops. She decided to call his bluff.

She got in three steps toward the door before he grabbed her from behind and pulled her back against him.

“We’re not done,” he said close to her ear.

She began struggling in earnest, fighting desperately to escape his tight hold. But instead he tossed her on the bed and, before she could orient herself, he fell on top of her.

“Relax,” he said gruffly. “I’m not gonna hurt you.”

Athena looked up at him, her breathing coming out in short gasps. Their bodies pressed solidly against each other, her legs slightly spread. A shiver ran down her as he wedged himself deeper between her thighs until he was pressed solidly against her, with her legs cradling him.

She didn’t moving a muscle. His eyes were now a smoky gray as he peered down at her. As if driven by instinct, he rolled his hips firmly against her. Their earlier encounter left her with no panties and she could feel every hard inch of him. The dull throbbing between her legs began to beat harder and she released an involuntary moan at the familiar sensation.

The fine sensual thread between them snapped.

In a whirlwind of frenzied movements, he had her dress hiked up and his thick shaft in hand. Lifting her legs over his shoulders, he drove into her with one hard thrust.

Athena melted around him. A jagged moaned escaped her as he pumped deeply inside her.

No words passed between them, no light touches or kisses—just carnal, body-jerking, heart-pounding pleasure.

She tried to meet him thrust for thrust but he took possession of their bodies, controlling the depth and speed of their joining. She was on fire but all she could do was cling to his forearms as he surged into her.

With a harsh groan, he reached between them and roughly stroked her swollen clit. The pressure inside her exploded and she broke into sharp, tiny pieces.

Minutes later, small, delicious shivers still racked her body. She was acutely aware of his weight and his harsh breathing. He remained deep inside her, heavy and firm.

He lifted himself up and stared down at her. There was no arrogance like before, no lazy smile or sly satisfaction on his handsome face. No tactless comments that made her feel as if she was just one of many.

No, instead, there was barely concealed bemusement in his eyes, followed by a frown.

She pushed against his shoulders and he rolled away from her. She jumped off the bed, rolling her dress down. He began arranging himself and she carefully averted her gaze. Was this normal for him? Wild romps whenever he wanted? She rushed toward the bathroom but he made a move to grab her.

“Tena, wait.”

She quickly slipped out of his grasp and dashed into the bathroom. She didn’t want to hear another comparison about how she was the best or greatest he’d ever had. Knowing he’d been with enough women to make such a claim did nothing to soothe her strained confidence.

Evidence of their wild lovemaking began running down her thighs and she clenched her legs together. They hadn’t used anything. Clearly, her common sense was fleeing her as fast as her confidence. What bothered her the most, though, was the increasingly devastating effect he was having on her heart.

“Sweetheart, running away like that after, does little for my ego,” he said through the door.

Good. Her female pride had taken enough battering for one night.





Chapter Seven



Dave heard the shower start in the bathroom and cursed. He was really starting to hate her post-sex, run-off routine. This time he hadn’t even said anything.

But maybe time alone was best. He certainly hadn’t been unaffected by their lovemaking. And it seemed only to be getting worse. He couldn’t figure it out, but one thing was for certain: Athena Lewis was proving to be lethal to his common sense.

He hadn’t intended to jump her like a rutting bull, certainly not without protection. But his self-control seemed to bolt when she was near. He didn’t know why or how, but the more he had her, the more he wanted her. And he was eager to get this business between him and the Acerras done and over so that he could devote his time to getting her out of his system.

He believed everything she told him. The main reason being that she had no reason to lie, and even if she did, there was nothing for her to gain by it. The Acerras’ constant visits to the casino all made sense now. Draw his attention elsewhere while they sent a woman in to do their dirty work. All while ripping off his casino in the process. And when she told him the situation with her brother and the Acerras, her eyes had gotten that sad, grave look he remembered so long ago.

It had been about twenty years ago, but he recalled the forlorn looking nine-year old sitting on the hood of his car. She had been sitting there alone, waiting for her brother to finish whatever game he was playing with the other boys. She had been the saddest, loneliest little girl he had ever seen. And at that moment, an overwhelming urge to erase that grave look from her face came over him.

Instead of shooing her off his car, like any other normal fifteen-year-old, he’d sat down beside her and introduced himself. But without thinking, he had given her his full name, “David”, which she had somehow turned into “Davie.” He hadn’t had the heart to correct her so from then on, she had been the only person he allowed to call him by that nickname.

And now she was back in his life and all the same protective urges were coming to life. He had managed to wipe the forlorn look from her eyes before, and he imagined he could do it again.

And to start, he needed to have his talk with Joey.

Tena was still in the shower. He didn’t want to leave her here alone—for his peace of mind—but he certainly wasn’t going to involve her any more then she already was. She was ultimately a pawn in all this, and though he was relieved to know she’d been forced into this, he didn’t want her to suffer any backlash from the brothers.

He went to the bathroom and tried the door. To his relief, it opened. For reasons he didn’t care to examine, it would have bothered him greatly if she had felt the need to lock him out. He didn’t know why it was important, but it was.

A wave of steam unfurled before him when he walked in. Through the fog, he could make out the outline of her curves through the shower glass. He watched as she bent over and slid soap down her long legs. His imagination ran wild with the position. After tonight, he promised himself, the next time she took a shower, she wouldn’t be alone.

“Tena,” he called out over the running water. Her blurred figure suddenly stilled. “Can I trust you to stay here until I get back?”

She didn’t say anything but her silence told him she’d heard him.

“I didn’t think so,” he muttered. He turned to leave, thinking he’d put someone outside the room to watch her. Then his eyes fell on her black dress hanging over the towel rack and he grabbed it. Insurance, he thought with a grin.

****

Dave walked into Joey Acerra’s popular nightclub, the Ace of Clubs, ready to put an end to this cat and mouse game. He followed the bouncer through the loud, crowded nightclub and up to the second floor. As soon as he entered the dimly lit office, he spotted Joey behind his desk and Gino lounging on the corner sofa, looking like two mean sons of bitches. Dave took the seat across the desk.

Joey regarded him with cool, watchful eyes before saying, “You showing up here uninvited is a one-time courtesy.”

“I would think since I helped get this place started, your courtesy is the least I could get.”

Joey clenched his jaw, obviously annoyed by the reminder of the money Dave had loaned him to get the club started. “What do you want, Carrone?”

“Just to tell you that you’re never gonna get anything on me so you can just stop trying.”

Joey leaned back in his seat, shaking his head. “I don't know what you’re talking about.”

Dave fixed him with a level stare. “Must be my mistake. I never did peg you for the type to send a woman to do something you weren’t man enough to do.”

“Fuck you,” Joey retorted viciously. “You can’t prove shit so stop wasting my fucking time.”

“You’re right. I can’t prove that you hired someone to break into my place of business to steal my property. What was your game? To plant evidence on my computer just to cut your brother a deal?”

Gino jumped up, fuming. “We don’t have to plant shit, you sell-out. Our brother’s locked up because of your greedy ass.”

“The only thing I’m guilty of,” Dave bit out, leaning forward in his seat, “is trusting that son-of-a-bitch Jeff Bates. I had nothing to do with whatever shit Reese got himself caught up in with the Provenzanos.”

“Reese didn’t have any business with those assholes,” Gino shouted. “He was set up and we’re gonna prove it.”

Dave studied the youngest Acerra brother then turned back to Joey. The brothers’ loyalty to each other ran deep but there was a conviction and determination in them that put Dave on alert.

“Then let me help you.”

The expression on the two men’s faces almost made Dave laugh. “Believe it or not,” he said curtly, “I really didn’t have anything to do with that whole thing. But if you say Reese is innocent, then I feel bad that he got caught up in this. So instead of screwing with me and my business, let me help you get this done right.”

The two brothers shared a look then stared back at him.

“Why do you want to help us?” Gino asked suspiciously. He was one of the younger Acerras. Dave didn’t know him as well as he did his older brothers so he tried not to take offense.

“Because once upon a time,” Dave said looking at Joey, “we used to be friends.” Joey didn’t meet his stare but he had to be thinking about the times when they had all been close. Dave hadn’t had any siblings of his own and the Acerras had welcomed him into their fold. And for a boy ignored by his mother and regularly dismissed by his father, the Acerras had felt like something of a family to him.

But boys eventually grew to be men. And when Dave had decided to walked out of the reckless lifestyle they had cultivated for themselves, the brothers had taken it personally. That’s when the rift had begun. Slowly at first, but as Dave’s fortune increased, so did the divide.

“And,” Dave continued, turning to Gino with a smirk, “I like Reese a whole lot better than your ass.”

“All right,” Joey said just as Gino took a step toward him. “How do you plan to help?”

“I have a guy who’s good at this sort of thing. He’s a PI and can work with you to find out more about the situation.”

“Okay,” Joey said with a shrug. “If you insist on helping, I’m not gonna stop you.”

“Yeah, I do insist,” Dave said. “But on one condition.”

“What?” both brothers asked simultaneously.

“I want you to forget about Tena and Anthony.”

Gino turned to his brother with mild curiosity.

“So is that how you found out?” Joey asked. “Did Tena go running to you for help?”

“Can you imagine Tena asking anyone for help?”

Joey shrugged. “It crossed my mind. I know she always had a thing for you back in the day.”

Dave couldn’t be sure of that. Back then, they had shared an innocent affection, a sort of guiltless attachment. It had been hard for him not to develop a soft spot for the shy little girl that had followed them everywhere. And when she’d turned those big, dark-brown eyes on him, he had felt instantly protective of her.

But now what he and Tena shared was a hot and heavy hunger that didn’t seem to be going away.

“Just give me your word that you’ll leave them out of this,” Dave demanded, not confirming or denying. No way was he discussing him and Tena with Joey Acerra.

Joey shot him a glare then shrugged again. “Yeah okay, whatever,” he said, waving dismissively. “But I wasn’t really gonna hurt them. Well, maybe break a few of Anthony’s ribs. The dumbass still owes me a grip.”

“Well the money you’ve been stealing from my casino should more than cover that.”

“First, that money’s mine,” Joey countered. “And it’s still not enough to cover what he owes me.”

“Tough,” Dave snapped. “It’ll just have to do. And I said I would help you with Reese’s case but my guy doesn’t work for free.” Dave gave them the contact information for the private investigator, got to his feet, and headed to the door.

“By the way,” he added, turning back to the two brothers, “I know you’ve been cheating so stay the hell off my tables.”

Joey smirked. “Prove it.”

****

The gray-blue light of dawn was gracing the sky when Dave entered the hotel room where he’d last left Tena. He was half-expecting to find an empty room but was pleased to find her sleeping on the bed, wearing one of Royal Courts’ pale gold bathrobes. Dave smiled. He could just imagine her anger at being forced to stay put.

Her smooth, long legs peeked out of the terry cloth and visions of those legs wrapped around his hips, cradling him, brought desire rushing to his groin. In sleep, she looked innocent and harmless. But Dave knew better. Her body was her biggest weapon, wreaking havoc on his mind and senses. Even now, he was drawn to her.

Opting to be a gentleman, Dave shoved his hands in his pockets to curb his temptation to touch. He immediately came in contact with the missing thigh-high and pulled it out. An idea began to form and he smiled.

They hadn’t quite gotten around to finishing their game.





Chapter Eight



Athena noticed two things when she woke. One, the sun was streaming brightly from the window. Two, she was sleeping on her back. She never slept on her back. She tried to shield her eyes from the bright light but her arms wouldn’t move. It took her a moment to realize they were tied above her head to the headboard.

She turned her face from the window, tugging helplessly at her arms. Across the bed, she made out a male figure sitting on the small sofa. Confusion and panic rose in her. She blinked several times in an attempt to clear her head as she tried to make sense of what was happening. The last thought she’d had before she’d laid down to rest her eyes was of giving Dave a piece of her mind for essentially trapping her in this room. She had slipped on the robe she’d found in the closet, and she was relieved to find it was still on her.

Though the glare of the morning sun shielded the man’s face, she recognized Dave calmly sitting there, his leg crossed over his knee.

“Good morning,” he called out, his voice laced with amusement.

Athena tugged at her arms again. The smooth ties weren’t too tight but they were secure. “Davie, what is this?”

“Just picking up where we left off,” he murmured.

Athena closed her eyes. So this was retribution? “Okay, look. I’m sorry about what I did. Or tried to do. I know it went too far but if you untie me now, I’ll leave here and we can forget about this whole night.”

His lips quirked up. “Now why would I want that?” He rose from the sofa and walked toward the bed. With every step he took, he undid a button from his shirt. “The last thing I want to do is forget about last night,” he whispered.

Within seconds, he was standing before her, his hard, muscled chest gleaming in the sunlight. Athena swallowed. She looked her fill at the details of his well-defined chest and arms.

For the first time, she was seeing him clearly, not confined by darkness, shadows, or clothes. And his dark, Italian features were more beautiful and distinct in the morning sun.

The sight of him did something funny to her belly and she subconsciously flexed her fingers, wanting badly to touch him. But not sure that she should.

Either way, her bound hands made her painfully aware that she had no choice.

“What do you want from me?” she finally asked.

He smiled devilishly. His intent was as clear as the light streaming into the room. “Well, we can sit here and talk,” he offered. “Or we can finish our game.”

He ran his fingertips along her slightly exposed thigh as he spoke. Athena shivered. He trailed his fingers up toward her inner thighs and she closed her eyes, tucking her lower lip between her teeth.

“So…” he continued softly, his voice like dark velvet. “What’s it gonna be?”

Words escaped her. Her breathing came out in shallow pants and she could only stare up into his smoky gray eyes, too distracted by his touch. They stared at each other with an intensity that was electric.

And he had his answer. Her body told him what she wanted. And she wanted him, wanted to feel him inside her one last time. Before they ended whatever this was between them.

With a feather light touch, he brought his hand higher, directly up to the heated skin between her thighs, and began to rub her slowly.

She jerked and gasped at the sensation, her muscles coiling tight as he steadily stroked and teased.

He was now sitting beside her, his big body hovering over her. Through her haze of desire, she could see the stark need that roughened his face and darkened his bright eyes. For a moment, she was lost in the beauty of seeing into him, of stealing a glimpse into his darkest desires.

He slipped a finger into her, moving it deliciously in and out with slow, lazy strokes. Athena’s eyes drifted shut as a low moan escaped her. She couldn’t stop her hips from lifting up with the deep thrusts of his finger.

She heard his harsh, shallow breathing as he continued to touch her. But she was lost to the intense pleasure he was building inside her.

“Look at me, sweetheart,” he commanded softly.

Athena opened her eyes and was greeted by his harsh, flushed face inches from hers. “You’re mine now,” he whispered.

“Yes,” she gasped. “I’m yours.”

Fierce satisfaction flared in his stormy eyes. She didn’t know what he meant by that but at that moment, she would have agreed with him on anything.

He captured her lips with a kiss that left them both breathless yet desperate for more. He trailed his lips along her jaw and down her neck.

Her greedy inner muscles clenched at his retreating finger, missing the long steady strokes. He pushed open her robe until her body was fully exposed to him. He brought his lips down to her distended nipples and sucked eagerly at the hard buds. She wanted desperately to touch him, to hold his head to her throbbing, aching breasts, but her bound arms jerked her back.

He moved down her body, kissing and licking at all of her sweet spots, stopping only when he was between her legs. Her thighs clenched and rocked with every lick and roll of his tongue.

As the pressure in her expanded, so did her desire to touch and feel him. She writhed and moaned as he brought her to new heights, seemingly oblivious to her violent jerks and movements.

He slipped his finger deep into her again as he continued to tease and lap at her clit. A throaty moan escaped her as she violently clenched around his quick, stroking finger. Her arms jerked violently and to her vague surprise, the ties loosened and fell from her wrists. He pushed another finger into her and with a loud gasp, she threw her head back, grasped fistfuls of his hair and convulsed.

****

Athena’s body throbbed in the quiet aftermath of Dave’s repeated possession. He went at her like a man starved, taking her in every position imaginable. Each time as intense and fiery as the last. Now she lay with her back to him on the large hotel bed, his arm wrapped securely around her waist. Sometime during their lovemaking, he had drawn the curtains, leaving the room with only a dim glow of light.

She balked at the word. Lovemaking. She may have been foolish enough to lose her heart but for him, she was just a good time, another in a long line of women. How could she compete with all the women he’d had before her?

Athena shifted, needing to put some distance between them so she could sort through her unstable emotions. But at her slight shifting, Dave tightened his arm around her and pulled her back against him.

“Where do you think you’re going?” His voice was gruff with sleep but it still had its usual effect on her.

“It’s time for me to go,” she whispered.

“So you were just gonna leave me here, in bed, alone? Again?” he asked, his low tone playful. “That’s not very good bedroom etiquette.”

She ignored his teasing, her emotions too highly strung for lighthearted pillow talk. “I’m sorry, I don’t know what the protocol is for this kind of thing,” she said stiffly. “Should I tell you how great you were? That you’re the best I’ve ever had? You already know all that, so let’s skip to the part where I leave and we can avoid the awkward goodbye.”

He tensed behind her then turned her on her back.

“Where the hell is all this coming from?” he asked, frowning over her. “Why are you acting like I’ve treated you like a piece of ass? I don’t want you to leave. We’re great together and after what we’ve just shared, you can’t deny that.”

Athena searched his face, scared to believe him. Yet scared not to.

“What do you want from me?” she asked softly. “Because I can tell you right now, I’m not interested in becoming a Carrone Mistress.”

His gray eyes burned with suppressed anger. “I’m gonna pretend you didn’t say that,” he said quietly.

She glanced away from him. “I’m sorry,” she whispered, knowing his past and knowing she’d gone too far. She didn’t want their parting to be bitter and angry, but how could she tell him what was truly in her heart without exposing herself to potential heartbreak? “I just don’t want to be just another notch on your bedpost. I know you’re not a one-woman man but I don’t think I can handle sharing you.”

He was silent, the frown on his face melting away and replaced with an intensity that made her breath catch.

“Good. Because I’m not sharing you,” he murmured gruffly. “Contrary to popular belief, I don’t keep hoards of woman stashed away. And I certainly don’t go around sleeping with every woman that happens to sneak in my bed.” His gaze bored into hers when he finally whispered, “But there’s one I can’t get enough of and all I know is that I want her with me.”

Athena’s eyes misted and she closed them, not sure how to handle the overwhelming emotions pouring through her. He touched his lips with hers for a light, tender kiss.

“You’re mine and I’m yours,” he said softly against her lips. “Say you’ll stay with me.”

Athena’s heart skipped at his words. He pulled away, waiting for her response. Tension radiated from him. If she had any doubts about his feelings for her, they were gone now. And replaced with a happiness that made her heart swell.

She looped her arms around his neck, a smile touching her lips. “I’ll stay,” she whispered.

Relief flashed in his eyes. “Sweetheart, you really know how to make a man sweat.”

She laughed then pulled him down for a long, deep kiss. He trailed his lips along her jaw and down to nibble on the side of her neck.

Athena shivered.

“By the way,” he drawled, pulling away from her. His eyes held a suspicious glint. “I don’t keep notches on my bedpost. That’s what my belts are for.”

She gasped in mock outrage and punched his arm.

He fell back, laughing.

She took advantage and straddled him. Smiling, she got into their new favorite position, forgetting about the women before her and concentrating on him—and their moment now.





Epilogue



“What the hell are you smiling about?” Dave asked his partner with a smile of his own.

Gabe was back in the office after getting his wife-to-be relocated from Boston to Vegas. Dave was trying to fill him in on the latest happenings at the resort but Gabe’s silly grin was proving to be contagious.

“The divorce is final,” Gabe said almost gleefully. “If it wasn’t for Gina’s parents never forgiving me, we’d get married this weekend.”

“About that,” Dave interjected. “Of all the places to have a wedding, why Beantown?”

Gabe grimaced. “I’m an idiot. Made a bad joke about having a Vegas wedding and Gina’s mom…well, let’s just say I see where she gets her temper.”

Dave shook his head, laughing. Though he wasn’t thrilled about the travel, Dave was honored to be a part of his friend’s special day. Gabe was a good guy and he deserved to be happy. After a bitter marriage and nasty divorce, he was finally going to get that with Gina. Gabe was in such high spirits, even the news about the fingerprints on the flash drive turning up inconclusive hadn’t brought him down.

“It doesn’t matter,” Gabe said dismissively. “My gut tells me Meredith had something to do with it. Luckily, there was no big loss. I still have Gina and the resort didn’t lose anything.”

Dave had to agree. Now they had one less thing to focus on. And these days Dave found himself less inclined to sit around his office late, thinking about work. Not when he had Tena waiting for him each night.

“Besides,” Gabe continued, “your new girlfriend’s idea is great. Hopefully we’ll be better protected from this kind of thing happening again in future.”

Dave still wasn’t used to the term girlfriend, which Gabe seemed compelled to drop every chance he got. But Dave took it all in stride. He hadn’t been in a serious, committed relationship in a while and he liked hearing Tena referred to as his girl.

Dave had also been glad that when he’d explained to him about the Acerra’s attempted theft and Tena’s reluctant involvement, Gabe hadn’t condemned her or rushed to judgment. Not even when he’d added that she would also be working with them to enhance their network security protocols. Dave was glad to see he could count on his friend’s trust.

And Tena was proving to be quite an asset. When she had matter-of-factly pointed out their network security flaw, Dave had immediately begun instituting her recommended changes. She had proposed a separate server to house all their important files so that any unauthorized attempts would automatically shut down the entire server and back up the files to a separate secure server. It sounded like something they should have already had in place and he’d been bothered to know that they fell short in that area. Like Gabe, he had always thought their system was first rate.

These past few weeks, Tena had been working closely with Moreno to set up the new server that would ensure their important files and records were better protected. Dave had tried persuading, bargaining, and enticing, but in the end, he couldn’t convince her to join his security staff permanently. He would just have to be satisfied with her consultant services.

The irony wasn’t lost on him that not too long ago, he’d harassed Gabe about arranging for Gina to be at Royal Courts and now he was attempting the same. Next thing he’d running off to get married. To Dave’s surprise, the idea no longer repelled him as it once had. He’d once told his partner he didn’t want the drama of being tied to one person. But now, he couldn’t see himself with anyone besides Tena.

“Now what the hell are you smiling about,” Gabe asked.

Dave’s grin widened. “Just thinking I may not mind a little drama in my life.”

Not long after Gabe left, Tena and Moreno walked into his office. Dave winked at her, loving the look she gave him every time he flirted with her in front of others around the office. It was no big secret they were together but the look she gave him said that yes, she was very aware of him but he needed to behave.

Dave turned to Moreno, who looked a bit distracted. “Where’s Judith?” Moreno asked.

The edge in Moreno’s tone definitely got Dave’s attention. Dave sat back in his seat and studied the other man. Moreno had told him outright that there was nothing going on between them, but Dave was finding that harder to believe. He hoped Moreno was being straightforward because he certainly didn’t want any surprises.

“On vacation,” he answered evenly. “Why?”

Judith had actually requested some personal time off, which had been sudden, but Dave hadn’t pried. He also didn’t feel the need to make the real reason for her absence anyone else’s business.

Moreno shrugged. “No reason. Just surprised to see a new face out there three days in a row.”

“That’s Vicky, the temp. She’s nice. You should say ‘hi’.”

“I’ll remember that,” Moreno said, his tone clipped. He and Tena proceeded to give him a report on their progress with the server change over.

“We should have everything ready to move over tomorrow or Friday,” Tena said. “But it will put the administrative and executive staff’s computers out of commission.”

“Unless you want to wait until the weekend to do it,” Moreno offered.

Dave thought about it. They’d waited long enough to get this new system in place, but he didn’t know if the staff could afford a company-wide shut down. That would only result in longer nights and possibly weekend work when the system did get back on.

“Let’s hold off until the weekend.”

When Moreno finally left them alone in the office, all thoughts of work were forgotten.

“Come here, sweetheart.”

She squinted at him suspiciously. “Why?” she asked, though she began walking around his large desk.

“I just want to hold you,” he said with false innocence.

Her husky laugh was melodic. “See, if I actually worked here, this would be highly inappropriate. I think technically it still is.”

Dave grinned and pulled her onto his lap, wrapping his arms tightly around her waist. “No, I had that clause taken out of your contract so I could have my way with you.”

“Hmm,” she murmured, looping her arms around his neck. “I love it when you treat me like cheap help.”

Her sarcasm was loud and clear. He grinned. “You’re actually pretty damn expensive.”

She placed a quick kiss on his brow. “Yeah, but I’m worth it.”

“That you are,” he whispered meaningfully. Then he looked at her searchingly. “How’s it working out with Moreno?”

She let out a small sigh. “Fine, but I still think he hasn’t forgiven me for pulling a fast one on him that night. I was hoping he wouldn’t recognize me without the wig but no such luck.”

Dave gave her a gentle squeeze. “He’ll come around.” Dave had offered to talk to Moreno when she had mentioned the strained working relationship between them, but she was adamant that would only make things worse. She wanted to handle it her way and Dave respected that. But if Moreno didn’t come around soon, he planned to step in. He liked Moreno and wanted to keep everyone happy, but he also wanted Tena to be comfortable during her time here.

Wanting to remove the grave look from her eyes, Dave leaned over and placed a fast kiss on her lips. The quick peck turned into a hot and heavy make-out session and by the end, they were panting for air.

“Did you hear from Jay?” she asked after a while, her head resting on his shoulders. Her whispered question was soft and he almost didn’t catch it.

“Yeah, Joey’s apparently been in contact with my guy. I kept my word and they’re gonna keep theirs. They won’t bother us.”

She had been on edge about the whole thing from the moment he’d told her about his arrangement with Joey. Her fear that Jay’s true loyalties may lie with the Acerras was misguided. But she didn’t know Jay like he did, so he understood her uneasiness. To ease her worry, he reminded her that Jay wasn’t anyone’s errand boy. He worked for himself, taking the job with the Acerra’s only as a favor to him. Now Jay was moving on to his next job but still keeping his ear to the ground in case the Acerras decided to renege on their agreement.

The look in her eyes told him she was also worried about that same thing. He hated the uncertainty on her face.

“They’re not gonna mess with Anthony. They’re not even gonna talk to you,” he said gruffly. “So stop worrying. It upsets me.”

She smiled at him sympathetically, tracing her fingertips over his furrowed brow. Dave closed his eyes, savoring the light touch.

“Okay, I’ll stop now,” she said. After a short pause, she added in a soft whisper, “Would I be crazy if I told you that I love…”

Dave’s eyes sprung open. He was anxious to hear her tell him what he had recently come to realize he’d felt for her—and then some.

“…your hair,” she finished, a twinkle in her dark eyes.

Dave growled at her teasing then laughed, grabbing her fingers to stop the distracting touch that had now moved to the back of his neck. She was on his lap so she could feel what her touch was doing to him.

“I think we’re in trouble then,” he whispered, brushing the stray strands of her hair from her eyes. “Because I love your hair too.”

Though he tried to keep his tone light, it took on a serious note that he couldn’t contain. These past few weeks had been unbelievable. With Tena, he was finally complete.

She smiled her soft, sexy smile. Then she leaned forward until her lips brushed his ear, whispering the words he’d been waiting to hear.

“I love you, Davie.”



♠



The End





From the Author



Dear reader,



Dave and Athena’s story has been fun to write and I hope you’ve enjoyed reading it as much as I’ve enjoyed writing it. Also if you’re wondering, like Dave, what’s going on between Moreno and Judith, their secret comes out in their sweet and sexy story, Queen of Hearts.



Thanks again for your support and please don’t forget to leave a review!☺



Lena ♥

www.LenaHartSite.com





About The Author



Lena Hart’s passion for romance novels began when she picked up Amanda Quick's Seduction. Her love for writing eventually emerged when she wrote two screenplays and a short story in her 8th grade English class. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual interracial romances with a hint of mystery and danger. She’s a Florida native currently living in New York City. When Lena is not writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about Lena, visit www.LenaHartSite.com.





Table of Contents

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Epilogue





