First Love

Jake & Sabrina: The Beginning



LENA HART





FIRST LOVE

Copyright © 2015

Originally published October 2014 in the Love in Black & White anthology.



E-book ISBN: 978-1-941885-14-7



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.



No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission, except in the case of brief passages embodied in critical reviews and articles.





Dedication





To Erica Allen for dropping everything to beta read this book and to the readers who fell in love with these characters as much as we did. I hope you enjoy the prequel!





CONTENTS





DEAR READER

FIRST LOVE

Prologue

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

BECAUSE YOU LOVE ME

ABOUT THE AUTHOR





DEAR READER





Thanks for downloading First Love! This novella is the prequel to Sabrina and Jake’s original love story—and my very first published work—Because You Love Me. Be sure to check out the extended excerpt at the end of this book. Enjoy!



Best,

Lena ♥



Sign up for my mailing list.

Check out my other books on All Romance eBooks.





Connect with me on…

Blog• Facebook• Goodreads• Twitter• Web





FIRST LOVE





Five years before the heartbreak and distrust came a beautiful story of two people finding and falling in love…



When freelance computer tech Jake Landon comes to Sabrina Monroe’s rescue her first day on the job, the two develop a sudden attraction that neither can ignore. While Jake sets out to win her over, Sabrina is having a hard time forgetting the humiliating outcome of her last office “romance” and wants nothing more than to focus on her budding, new career—not the attractive “IT guy.” Or so she keeps telling herself.



Yet, as the seductive pull of Jake’s charm draws her unwittingly closer, causing tension and frustration to flare brightly between them, Sabrina is determined not to break her firm rule: never again date someone she works with. Ever. But the “rules of attraction” cannot be ignored, and Sabrina must decide if she is willing to release her inhibitions and give love a chance.



*This story is a prequel to the novella Because You Love Me.





Prologue





Chicago, IL

Early spring



“I’m sorry, Sabrina, but we’re going to have to let you go.”

Sabrina Monroe had known this was coming. She just hadn’t been prepared for the words. Sitting on the edge of her seat, she glanced over at the stern older, black woman who hadn’t said much since Sabrina walked into her office. Apparently, the Human Resources director, Susanna Douglas, was only there as a formality, but Sabrina would have felt less on edge if it hadn’t been for the woman’s cold presence.

Tightening her hands on her lap, Sabrina returned her focus to Melanie Stephens, the HR manager, and the friendlier of the two women sitting across from her. She was more comfortable dealing with the younger woman, anyway. When Sabrina had started interning at McArthur, Murphy and Company—an internship she’d worked her hardest to land and was now coming to a sour end—Melanie had been her main contact.

“May I ask why?”

Stupid question. Sabrina didn’t need to ask. She already knew it was about the rumors no one had bothered to confront her about. Judging by Susanna’s hard and unsympathetic stare, it was clear the woman also believed the rumors about Sabrina that seemed to have spread throughout the company like a bad rash. Sabrina stifled a groan when it was Susanna who responded.

“There have been some concerns about your ability to perform in your current role, and your superiors feel that you may not be the right fit for this position.”

Sabrina’s heart sank. That was a lie. Just a few weeks ago, before the rumors started, Melanie had told her about the positive feedback coming from many of her supervisors. But obviously Sabrina wasn’t going to get a chance to defend herself, to dispute the gossip that she knew was the true reason she was now facing these two women.

Fine. If they weren’t going to address the elephant in the room, then neither would she. Working at one of Chicago’s top consulting firm, even as an intern, was too big an opportunity for Sabrina to simply pass up, and she wasn’t going to just let them take it away from her.

“Is there any way I could be placed on another team?” Sabrina asked Susanna directly, hoping to reason with the stern woman since she was in the position to make things happen. “Perhaps a smaller one? I would really like the opportunity to complete my internship successfully. Please give me another chance to prove myself.”

The two women shared a look. Melanie pursed her lips, sympathy in her bright green eyes, but Sabrina didn’t want her sympathy. She wanted them to be fair. Yet, she knew, in that moment, her plea was a wasted effort.

“Unfortunately, it’s out of our hands.” Susanna shrugged. “We can only go by what’s been passed down to us, and per upper management, your termination is effective immediately.”

She vaguely listened as Melanie tried to soften the blow, but Sabrina’s mind was a million miles away. Had she known then what she knew now, she would have never agreed to the series of dinner dates that had started all of this—the unfortunate events that had now ruined her career.

Many had already branded her the “office slut.” Even if Susanna could be convinced of her gullibility, there was clearly someone with more influence who wanted her gone. Sabrina had to accept that there was nothing she could do or say at this point.

In a daze, Sabrina signed the series of forms pushed in front of her, glad for the numbness that had slowly washed over her. “This is so unfair,” she murmured. Melanie shifted in her seat but said nothing.

The crushing blow came from the security officer that escorted her to her small desk to gather her things. Sabrina moved with stiff, mechanic steps, ignoring the eyes staring after her and the whispers that seemed to trail closely behind her. Her face burned and the threat of tears stung her eyes as she was led out of the building.

She had never been so humiliated in her life.

Her nerves were strung tight as she walked out of the glass doors of McArthur, Murphy and Company, her small box of things weighing down her tired arms. Sabrina wanted to shriek at the injustice of it all, but the damage was done. She would only be known as the intern who had tried to seduce the nephew of the company’s co-founder to advance her career. It was all speculation and rumors, but that hadn’t mattered to anyone. And she was finally starting to understand how little it should matter to her.

She’d just gotten a good dose of how cutthroat the corporate world could be and if there was one thing she’d learn from this experience, it was that work and romance just didn’t mix—a fact she should have realized much sooner. Sabrina could kick herself for making such a stupid mistake.

But it was a mistake she vowed never to let happen again.





Chapter One





Six months later…



Sabrina leaned back in her black swivel chair and groaned in frustration. It was her first day at her temp-to-perm job, and already it was off to a bad start.

“I’m not sure what happened,” she muttered to the tall, lean man who’d suddenly stopped by her cubicle. She turned her gaze away from the black monitor and glanced up at him. “The screen just went blank.”

“Hmm, I don’t know what to tell you. I’ve never seen that happen before.”

Sabrina stared blankly at…what was his name again? She scanned his dark face, trying to remember. It had only been a few seconds ago that he’d come up to her cubicle to welcome her to the company and introduced himself as the Senior Art Director on her team. Now, for the life of her, she couldn’t even remember his name.

Was it Dan?

“Looks like you’ll need to put in a work order with IT.” He must have misread her blank expression as disbelief because his dark brown face broke into a tight smile. “Sorry. Dumb comment. Obviously, you won’t be able to put in anything through the system. I’ll put one in for you when I get to my desk.” Sabrina thanked him profusely, and he laughed. “No problem. Just remember this moment when you’re putting those timelines together and asking for one-day turnarounds.”

Day…Dale! Right. Dale Connors.

She thanked him again, skating around making such a promise. He might not know it, but as the temporary Marketing Assistant on the team, she wouldn’t have any control over timelines and such. What the executives wanted, the executives got.

When Dale left her cubicle, Sabrina re-read the note left on her desk that morning by her direct supervisor. It was friendly and courteous, but to the point:



Welcome to the team, Sabrina. Once you’ve settled in, please audit the server for all the current promotional materials published this year. We’ll need a complete list by 3pm today for our meeting with management. -Toni



Sabrina groaned and stared at her dead monitor. Anxiety was starting to prickle up her spine at the thought of having to explain to her new supervisor that she hadn’t been able to complete the task because of a dead computer. Despite it being her first day on the job, she highly doubted Toni would be sympathetic to her technological woes. Sabrina had been in enough internships and temp jobs to know how much corporate executives valued proactivity, and she couldn’t afford for Toni not to see the value she had to offer.

The humiliating incident at her last job had unfortunately followed her. After her termination from McArthur, Murphy and Company, she had concentrated on finishing her master’s in business administration. Yet, even with her degree and high honors, it had taken all summer for her to find a company willing to hire her outside of a receptionist position. Instead of an associate position, they had hired her on as an assistant and she was well aware that it was her past situation with MMC had influenced that decision.

Though being a Marketing Assistant with an MBA degree wasn’t ideal, it certainly beat out all the other weak positions that had been offered to her. And if she wanted to turn her temporary position into a permanent one, she needed to start taking initiative.

There was no telling how long it would take IT to get to her, but Sabrina couldn’t just sit around and do nothing. What if someone stopped by and saw her just sitting there? It was still pretty early, only a little after eight, and that left her with only a few hours to complete Toni’s request before having to head over to her mandatory new hire orientation.

Sabrina sat back in her seat and continued staring at the blank monitor as she thought of what to do next. Jabbing at the power button had yielded nothing, but the loud humming coming from the computer tower hadn’t gone away. Maybe the computer itself wasn’t completely dead, and all she needed was a working monitor…

She bound to her feet and glanced around the quiet floor then went to the vacant cubicle behind hers. Stacks of boxes, industry books, and a few sample materials crowded the small space, but more importantly, there was a computer monitor. A working one.

She pressed the power button just to be sure. The green light illuminated, and the manufacturer’s logo flashed on the screen. Her heart skipped with relief. She wasn’t a computer whiz, but it didn’t take a genius to replace a computer monitor. She’d even done it once at one of her last jobs. She could do it again.

Hiking up her dark pencil skirt, Sabrina went underneath the wide desk. It was dustier beneath the table than she’d thought, and she briefly worried about her ivory top, but she didn’t let that stop her from continuing her task of disconnecting the cables.

She came up from under the table, releasing a few body-shuddering sneezes, the kind that made the muscles in her stomach sore, before carrying the large monitor to her cubicle. That task proved harder than she’d anticipated. She hadn’t expected the monitor to weigh as much as a box of bricks. Thankfully, her desk was only a few feet away.

She managed to carry the heavy monitor back to her desk, and she ungracefully dropped it on the smooth surface. Glancing at her wide computer screen, she groaned. Now she would have to disconnect her dead monitor and take it back to the other cubicle. Sabrina frowned, seriously contemplating the wisdom of her plan. Her arms were already starting to ache, and streaks of dust were smeared on her black skirt. From her reflection in the blank screen, she could see strands of her hair sticking out in places it shouldn’t.

Just get this done, she urged herself. Once she hooked up the borrowed monitor, she could go freshen up.

Though there was no one around, and her cubicle was stationed in a quieter part of the office, Sabrina still scanned the area before she hiked up her skirt again and went beneath her desk. It took her longer than she’d anticipated to disconnect the cables of her useless monitor. There were more cords for her to maneuver around, and it took longer for her to figure out which to actually disconnect. Eventually, through process of elimination, she managed to find the correct cord that would free her dead monitor. She jerked the cord from the outlet. The computer tower continued its soft humming, so she figured her guess was right.

Sabrina wiggled out from beneath the wide desk, bumping her head hard against the solid, inner surface along the way.

“Damn it!” Sitting on her haunches, she frantically rubbed the back of her head. Once the throbbing subsided, she stood up and braced herself to lift the dead monitor. It, of course, was just as heavy as the other one, if not heavier.

Talk about dead weight, she thought derisively. Maybe it was just her tired limbs, but she didn’t have enough time—or strength—for second guesses. Sabrina turned with her heavy bundle, fully intending to stash it in the vacant cubicle before anyone saw her.

She wouldn’t get the chance.

The tall, good-looking man leaning against the wall across from her cubicle stopped Sabrina in her tracks. She stared fixedly into the deep blue of his eyes, feeling awkward and silly with the large, heavy monitor literally weighing down her arms. The impossibly handsome man said nothing. He just stood there, casually leaning against the wall, a dark brow arched.

Sabrina didn’t know what to say. Partly because of the way his dark blue eyes glinted with amusement, but mainly because of his rugged handsomeness, which left her tongue-tied. He wore a slight smirk on his sensuous lips, and her face heated with embarrassment, though she wasn’t sure if it was from the awkward position she found herself in or her unexpected attraction to him. How long had he been standing there, watching her make a fool of herself?

Given his black T-shirt and dark jeans, he couldn’t possibly work in Marketing, but neither did he have the haughty look of a designer. Was he from IT? If he was, he certainly wasn’t what she’d expected. And why wasn’t he helping her with the computer that threatened to tear her arms from their sockets?

The sudden thought of her current position with the heavy monitor brought pain crashing down along her arms. They grew weaker, and the monitor began to slip from her numb fingers. She looked at him helplessly as the monitor continued its quick descent.

With one word, she finally broke the awkward silence between them.

“Help.”

****

Jake Landon sprang from his position against the wall and rushed to the silly woman carrying the large monitor that was quickly sliding from her fingers. She completely lost her grip on it, and he caught it right before it crashed to the ground—or his foot.

He hoisted the monitor back onto the desk, right beside the other one she had undoubtedly stolen from someplace else. Didn’t she know how much these things weighed? Judging by her slender arms, he knew she hadn’t had an easy time moving the first one. Shaking his head, Jake stared back at the sexy, senseless woman.

It was nice to put a face to the round, shapely ass that has been wiggling out from under the desk when he’d walked up. Smooth brown, shapely thighs had peeked from beneath her raised skirt and his imagination had run wild. He should have been ashamed of himself for looking as long as he had, but he wasn’t. He had enjoyed the view too much. The first good thing he’d seen all morning. She stared back at him with beautiful, slanted brown eyes and full, pouty lips. Lips that looked very soft…and very kissable.

“Thank you.” She glanced nervously around the cubicle, shaking loose her arms. “That was a close one.”

Her voice was light and sweet. A surge of desire swept over him, and Jake couldn’t stop his gaze from lingering down the rest of her. A smooth, musical voice to go with her sinfully erotic body. It was such a turn-on and did little to draw his attention from his suggestive thoughts.

His direct scrutiny must have added to her nervousness because she looked everywhere but at him. She tucked a strand of dark, wavy hair behind her ear, a move he found endearing. Jake pushed his sudden, strange feelings aside and smiled down at her to ease some of her nervousness.

“Looks like I got here just in time,” Jake said, keeping his own tone light and casual.

She nodded, still not looking at him. He wanted to reach out and touch her, but nothing screamed sexual harassment louder than an unsolicited touch. But damn, did he want to feel her, to make her as aware of him as he was of her.

“I’m Jake,” he said, extending his hand toward her. “From IT. They sent me down to look at your computer.”

She hesitated for a millisecond before slipping her softer hand into his. “Sabrina. Thanks for coming.” She suddenly released a soft laugh, and he smiled. The sound was enchanting. “Had I known you would be here so quickly, I wouldn’t have tried to pretend to know what I was doing.”

Jake didn’t immediately let go of her hand, enjoying the feel of her soft, smooth palm against his rough one. He could imagine those hands running across his chest, and his body reacted. His grip involuntarily tightened and she glanced up at him, her eyes wide. He immediately released her.

“First day?” Of course it was. Despite the obviousness of it from the almost empty cubicle space, his department also kept a list of new hires for security and access purposes. He remembered seeing a Sabrina Monroe on the list.

“Yeah,” she muttered, glancing down at the monitors. “But it’s quickly turning into a bad one,”

He followed her line of vision and realized he should probably get to work now instead of ogling her like some sex-starved creep.

“So what’s the problem?” He tried again for a relaxed tone, though he felt anything but.

“I think the monitor died. I came in, pressed the power button, the screen flickered, and then went black.” She shrugged when he stared pointedly at the other computer screen. “I figured I could just swap it out for another and solve my own problem.”

Jake looked at the old computer monitors. The company had recently installed new, up-to-date computer equipment in all of the essential departments, including marketing. He didn’t mention that to her, since not only was she placed in an area of the office where almost no one ventured, she was also working with ancient hardware. There was even a loud, consistent humming coming from the computer tower. That wasn’t a good sign.

“From the sound of that buzzing, I would say the tower is not far from giving out, too.”

She frowned. “Really? It’s not supposed to sound like that?”

Jake shook his head, trying hard not to chuckle at her sincere expression. The noise coming from the computer was loud and continuous. It literally sounded like it was on its last legs. “No, that loud whining is not normal.”

It was a small, involuntary action, but her lips formed a perfect pout and he was mesmerized again, more focused on her than the work at hand. He couldn’t look away from that soft, sensual mouth. Didn’t she realize how sexy she was?

“Does that mean I wasted my time carrying that monitor over here?”

Jake’s attention snapped back to the situation. “Maybe not.” He looked down at both monitors. “Let’s see what’s going on first.” Jake connected the monitor with the computer tower, and after a few steps, he was able to get the computer to flare back to life. But from what he could tell, it really was on its last leg.

“I’m surprised they set you up with this piece of junk,” he muttered. “This is an old model that should have been replaced weeks ago.”

“But it’s still usable, right?” She peered over his shoulder as he navigated through the software to be sure everything was working properly. The warmth of her nearness had his mind wandering again, and her sweet scent was not helping.

“It probably has a few days of life left, but that’s it. It should hold you over until we can get you set up with a replacement, though.”

Her sigh of resignation was distinct. “I’ll take what I can get at this point. Thanks, Jake.”

She probably didn’t realize her hand rested lightly on his arm when she thanked him, but he noticed, and his arm involuntarily flexed in response to her simple touch.

“How soon can I get a replacement?”

“Not long.” Jake turned to face her. “Maybe by the end of next week.”

Her eyes widened then she frowned. “Next week? I can’t afford to wait that long. What if it gives out before then?”

Jake stifled a grin. Even annoyed, she was pretty. “You won’t have to. I can set you up with a loaner laptop in the meantime.” She visibly relaxed.

“But,” he added, “that might take a few hours if not days.” Her crestfallen expression didn’t sit well with him. He’d much rather have her smiling than disappointed.

“Of course.” She shook her head, the corner of her full lips curving slightly. “Shame on me for thinking things would actually go my way today.”

“Why don’t you relax for a few hours, and I’ll see what I can do about getting a loaner over to you sooner.”

She shook her head. “I wish I could, but I have an urgent request to fulfill for my supervisor, and this morning is the only time I’ll have to do it. I’ll be in orientation for the rest of the day.”

Jake raised a brow. “Wow, they waste no time in this department.”

She shrugged. “It’s marketing. Everything’s always urgent.”

A thought suddenly occurred to him. “Where did you get this monitor, again?”

She pointed behind her. “That cubicle. It was empty, so I thought it would be okay.” She paused. “It’s okay, right?”

“Actually, moving computers around without authorization violates some kind of company policy.” At her worried look, he added with a grin, “But I won’t tell if you don’t.”

She smiled back. “Will you help me move it back?”

“Actually, I have a better idea.” He would be violating company policy, but he didn’t see the harm in getting her set up with a working machine.

Jake proceeded to move her dead monitor to the unoccupied cubicle and hooked up the “borrowed” monitor to her desktop. He was used to maneuvering through computer systems and, in a short time, had her set up with a temporary workstation. It wasn’t the ideal situation, but it would allow her to get back to work.

“You’re all set.”

“Are you sure this is okay?” she asked again, standing just behind him as he began shutting down all the network windows. “I don’t want you to get in trouble.”

Jake turned to her. She really was the best thing he’d seen all morning. Even with the deep frown that creased her shapely eyebrows and the small strands of hair still sticking out of place, she was stunning. And to know that her worry was on his behalf made him want to kiss her. Actually, any excuse to feel those pouty lips against his would do.

Instead, he winked at her. “Don’t worry about me. I won’t tell, if you don’t.”





Chapter Two





“Hey Mack, how’s the work order coming for Sabrina Monroe?”

Jake waited for the young Latino to look away from his wide computer monitor. For a large company, the IT department wasn’t as spacious as it should have been. Nine full-timers and three freelancers, including Jake, currently sat together in the medium-sized room. Crowded around them were tall cabinets and old computer equipment, crowding the room even more to accommodate them all.

“Which one is that again?” Mack asked with a frown.

“It’s for the PC replacement in marketing,” Jake reminded him. “I put in the order a few days ago.”

Mack shrugged. “Don’t know. You’ll have to ask Ray. All equipment orders go through him now.”

Jake clenched his jaw in frustration. Though he liked Mack, Jake was getting tired of the man not fulfilling his managerial duties. Everything that was ordered had to go up the ladder, and Jake was getting fed up with the bureaucracy. He didn’t understand why the IT director had to deal with something as petty as replacing a bummed out computer system. A ton of new equipment had come in and, so far, all they had been good for was sitting in the storage room down the hall.

Jake was also getting frustrated with the politics at this company. The familiar agitation began to prickle at the back of his neck, and he knew it was time he left this place. If he hadn’t needed the money, he would have taken the pay cut and accepted the job offer he’d received last week. He was trying to hold out for something better, but well-paying freelance gigs in his field were coming few and far between lately. He couldn’t just pick up and leave like he’d done so many times before.

But damn if he wasn’t over the bull.

Getting things done at this marketing firm required cutting through so much red tape it was a wonder they managed to get anything done. It had been four days now since he’d put in the request for Sabrina’s new computer, and it looked like he wouldn’t be able to come through for her. Jake really wanted to help the pretty, new Marketing Assistant. He hadn’t been able to get her out of his mind, and he was hoping the computer would be his chance to see her again.

He typically didn’t go after the corporate types—they were always all business, and he usually found it hard to relate to them. With Sabrina, however, there was something about her that was different from the other women he’d met at this firm. He wanted to get to know more about her, but he needed an excuse to go back to the marketing department—and finding one was proving a bit more difficult than he’d thought.

A new work order popped up on his screen and Jake’s interest piqued. It was from Dale Connors. The Art Director in marketing. Jake attached his name to the ticket and got up from his seat. Maybe he would run into Sabrina while he was up there. If not, he would just make a quick visit to her desk, to check on her current equipment. He scoffed at himself. Checking on that old system was a waste of time—the computer was junk—but at least it would give him as good an excuse as any to go see her.

The soft vibration of his cell phone drew him to a halt as he entered the elevator bank. He dug the phone out of his pocket and stifled a curse when he saw the name on the screen. The only times his father’s nurse called him was when Matt Landon was being difficult and Jake wouldn’t be surprised if his father were being a pain in her ass. Pushing the answer button, he brought the phone to his ear.

“Renee, I’m at work.”

“I know, Jacob,” came the Caribbean-accented voice. “And I’m sorry for bothering you, but this is an urgent problem you need to take care of.”

Jake frowned. “What is it?”

“Your father’s payment to the agency didn’t clear. Now they’re telling me to end my shift early. I can’t return until the payment comes in.”

Jake stifled another curse. The home health care agency he’d hired for his father’s private care was quickly becoming another pain in his ass.

“How much?”

“I don’t know, dear. You’ll need to call the agency. Even if it’s just to cover my shift for tonight.”

“Okay. I’ll call the agency today.” Jake wasn’t surprised that his father hadn’t called him about the missed payment. Matt Landon was a proud man, never the one to willingly reach out for help, not even to his son. Jake propped his shoulder against the wall and sighed. “How’s he doing?”

“Not very well.” She paused. “Today was not a good day for him, but I’ll tell him you called.”

Jake ran his free hand across the back of his neck, trying to ease the tension building there. He didn’t know what good telling his father that would do, but Renee believed he liked hearing from his only son even if he never admitted to it.

“Make sure he goes out for a bit and stretches his legs some. He might not like it, but he needs it.”

“Of course, dear. I know how to handle the old bulldog.” They shared a laugh, both very familiar with his father’s stubbornness and temper. “You just make sure you call the agency.”

“I will right now.” Jake paused before adding, “Thanks, Renee.”

She made a sympathetic sound before hanging up. Jake scrolled through his phone until he found the number to the agency. His father’s private nurse was familiar with their strained relationship though she never said anything about it directly. Occasionally, however, she would make subtle references about family being important, that they should always come first, and it took a lot out of Jake not to retort that he wasn’t the one who needed her little lecture. Of course, Jake understood the importance of family. He’d put his plans to leave for New York on hold when his father had gotten sick. Now that Matt was recovering, thoughts of leaving Chicago and starting a new life elsewhere were starting to spring back up in Jake’s mind again.

First, he would need to work out the issues with his father’s health insurance and be sure that they would cover his home health care needs. Jake made the call to the agency, paid his father’s balance, and then headed to the marketing department. He walked through the halls, but to his disappointment, he realized the conference room he was heading to was in the opposite direction from where Sabrina’s desk was. He walked into the small conference room to find Dale Connors sitting at the small, round table. The man looked up at him, obvious annoyance in his dark eyes, and then returned his gaze to his computer screen.

“Did you get lost?”

Jake ignored the snide comment. “What’s the problem?”

The ticket had said something about connectivity issues with the video streaming program on his laptop, but Jake had no qualms about feigning ignorance and having Dale explain the problem again. The guy was a dick. In the six months Jake had been at the company, he’d seen Dale do nothing but undercut and talk down to those he thought were there just to serve his needs and nothing else. And where Dale was concerned those in IT fell largely into that category.

“I need to have my presentation up on this thing in two minutes.” Dale slid his laptop toward Jake.

Jake took a seat at the small table and pulled the computer closer to him. “I’ll see what I can do in five,” he said noncommittally.

Dale frowned but returned his attention to his cell phone.

Jake ignored the other man as he worked through the complicated system. It wasn’t until someone came to the door that his focus was temporarily diverted.

“Hey, Dale. How long is your meeting going to take? We really need you to sit with someone in GS to work through your revisions.”

Jake recognized the short, stout man from the production department. He couldn’t quite place his name, but he was another one Jake didn’t care too much for. The short man was another ass who tended to talk too much.

“I’ll be down there in an hour.” Dale looked down at his phone again. “Sabrina and I have another meeting in a few.”

Jake tensed at the mention of Sabrina’s name. He was suddenly in less of a hurry to leave the conference room. Maybe he would finally get a chance to see her again before he left.

“Sabrina?” the other guy asked, confused.

“You know, the new Marketing Assistant on the team,” Dale explained.

“Oh, right. I think I saw her speaking with Toni earlier. You’re right, man. She’s hot.”

Jake kept his focus on the computer screen, but he felt Dale’s quick gaze on him. Dale, however, wisely ignored the comment, and once again confirmed to the other man that he would be down in his department after his meeting.

Jake continued to ignore Dale once they were alone again. He wasn’t surprised that the other men had noticed the “hot” new Marketing Assistant. It did, however, annoy the hell out of him and he didn’t know why. Sabrina Monroe was certainly a looker, and it wasn’t as if they were dating. Even if they were, she wouldn’t be the first good looking girl he’d gone out with who had drawn attention from other men. Those men, however, hadn’t mattered before, because Jake had never looked at them as competition.

Now…it mattered a lot.

Jake sighed and concentrated on his task. Who was he kidding? Sabrina Monroe was probably out of his league and a beautiful distraction he couldn’t afford to have right now. After today, once he’d satisfied whatever this need was to see her again, Jake would start taking his plans to leave Chicago a bit more seriously. He’d waited long enough to make this move, and the last thing he needed was any more distractions.

****

Sabrina stared at the blinking cursor on her computer screen and forced herself to concentrate.

She was having a hard time getting Jake-the-IT-Guy out of her head and it didn’t help that he would spring to her mind every ten minutes. She had hoped to run into him around the office, just to see him again, but since the IT department was on another floor, she rarely did. She had caught a quick glimpse of him during a coffee run for her team yesterday, but that hadn’t been enough.

Now it was almost the end of the week, and she still didn’t know when she’d see him again. Not that it would have accomplished anything, she thought with a sigh. She would only turn into some shy, awkward girl around him again. She cringed, thinking about the morning they’d met. All she’d managed to do the first five minutes of meeting him was avoid eye contact and act as if she’d never spoken to a guy before. Which was a bit of the truth.

She’d never spoken to a guy like him before. A guy who literally made her super self-aware of her body and his. Just the way he looked at her left her breathless and flustered. The first sign that her attraction to him was getting bad should have been when she seriously contemplated dumping coffee all over her keyboard just so he could come and replace it for her.

She shook her head at herself. Maybe it was a good thing that she hadn’t seen him again. She’d vowed against starting any sort of office romance, and she needed to stick with it. She had tried it once, with regrettable consequences, and she didn’t need to go down that path again. Not to mention that it was the last thing she needed to get involve in at her new job.

A meeting reminder flashed on her screen, and she glanced at the time. She’d set the notice for a ten-minute reminder, and yet it was just now coming up, five minutes before the meeting was to start. Sabrina groaned. She couldn’t wait for her new computer system. Since she hadn’t received the loaner, she figured there may not be any available, leaving her stuck with her current relic. Maybe if she stopped by IT to ask for a status update on her replacement, she would see Jake. Sabrina quickly shook her head. Don’t even, she chided herself.

Grabbing her notepad and company-issued smartphone, Sabrina headed to her meeting. She was leading her first project at the company, and though it was a small job, she was excited to have something other than meetings to set up and coffee orders to take. She understood those were all a part of “paying her dues,” but she had an expensive master’s degree she wanted to put to use.

Entering the small conference room, she found Dale already inside along with the one person she had been eager to see all week.

Jake.

Both men looked up as she walked in, but her focus was centered on a pair of blue eyes that stared back at her as she made her way toward the small conference table. He looked even better than she remembered, with the sleeves rolled up on his dark, collared shirt, exposing thick, muscular forearms. When he smiled at her, her heart fluttered. She smiled back.

“Hey, Sabrina,” Dale called out, pulling her attention away from Jake. “I should be ready in a sec. The video conference is not syncing with my files, but IT’s working on it and it should be up in a minute.”

“Alright.” Sabrina found it odd that he would refer to Jake as if he wasn’t sitting right beside him. “I’ll just send Helen an email letting her know we’ll dial-in in about five minutes.”

Sabrina began to draft the short message to their main contact. Dale was the lead Art Director on the project with her, and this would be their second teleconference with their print vendor to review some design concepts for pricing and production. It was important that they be able to visually walk through the artwork with the online vendor.

As she sat in the nearest seat, she concentrated on the small device in her hands, not wanting to embarrass herself by gazing over at Jake like a lovesick teenager. She was twenty-four, for crying out loud. Yet she knew the signs of a crush when she had one. And she was crushing on Jake-the-IT-Guy hard.

Dale made small talk as Jake continued working to get the video conference up and she replied with short, polite answers. He proceeded to give her a bit of info on their print vendor and how to handle them.

“When we get on the call, try to be friendly but firm. They like to manipulate the timeline so that we get shortchanged. You’re new here but don’t give in. Helen can be especially sneaky.”

Sabrina nodded at Dale’s words, though she couldn’t help the annoyance that came over her at his arrogance. Did he think she didn’t know how to handle herself with their associates?

“Thanks for the heads-up,” Sabrina said, a bit more clipped than she intended. “But I think I can manage a conference call.” She involuntarily glanced at Jake, catching the small curve of his lips.

Dale must have caught it too because he rounded on him. “Hey man, how’s it coming over there?”

Jake punched a few more keys, and then pushed his chair back. “You’re all set.”

Dale took command of his laptop as Jake got up and made his way to the door. Sabrina couldn’t stop her gaze from following him out. He must have felt her eyes on him because he turned and winked at her just before shutting the door. Sabrina glanced away, blushing. She made eye contact with Dale and he stared at her with a curious look on his dark brown face. Thankfully, he said nothing.

Their meeting ran over, but it had been a productive one, so she couldn’t complain. Their vendor had been a bit pushy, but Sabrina had managed to handle her and was proud to show Dale that she could.

“Good work, Ms. Monroe.” He smiled crookedly as they ended the call. “I guess I underestimated you.”

“Yes, you did. But it’s okay. I forgive you.” She sorted her notes into place, smiling to show him she was only teasing. Since they both had plenty to do after the call, they didn’t hang around for small talk like they normally did.

As they left the small conference room, Dale blurted, “I meant to ask how things worked out with your computer. Did they find out what was wrong with it?”

“Oh yeah, it turned out the monitor was dead and I was working with an old machine. I should be getting a new one soon.”

Dale whistled. “Sucks. I don’t know how I would manage. You can request a loaner while you’re waiting, you know.”

“Yeah, Jake mentioned that, but—”

“Jake?”

Sabrina’s face heated up at his curious stare. “Yeah, the guy from IT. Since there weren’t any available loaners, he hooked me up.”

“Hooked you up? How?”

“Let’s just say, it took some heavy lifting and borrowing, but he managed to save my butt.” She couldn’t stop the small smile that lifted the corner of her lips. “He’s my hero.”

Dale nodded, though he didn’t look all that thrilled about it. “Glad you got the help.”

“Yep. And thanks for putting in that ticket.”

He winked, the lines above his brows relaxing some. “Anytime, pretty lady.”

On her way back to her desk, Sabrina stopped by the small kitchen for some of the worst instant coffee she’d ever had, though the horrible coffee was starting to grow on her. And since she didn’t have time to step out, it would have to do. She really needed the boost.

When Sabrina entered, she was surprised to find Jake there, trying to operate the coffee machine. She stopped in her tracks, and he turned to her, looking sheepish. Around this time, the kitchen was usually deserted, especially since many of the employees made the trip down to the building’s cafeteria for quality brew.

“Hey.”

“Hi.” She walked to the cabinets that contained the foam cups. “This is a far stop for you to get coffee,” she said, by way of conversation.

He shrugged, no longer trying to work the coffee machine. Instead, he stood staring at her in that unnerving way of his. “I like the coffee up here.”

Sabrina laughed, shaking her head. The IT department was a few floors below hers and no way was the coffee in here worth the trip. “I don’t think anybody likes the coffee in here. And you’re the first person, besides myself, who I’ve seen come near this machine.”

He laughed, and it was a rich, deep sound that swept over her. “I can see why,” he muttered. “I like a challenge, but man, getting coffee shouldn’t be this hard.”

She stifled another laugh, not wanting him to think she was laughing at him. “I see. Maybe it’ll help if you put the coffee cup inside. It operates on sensors or something, and won’t run if there’s no cup.”

He glanced down at the foam cup in his hand then chuckled. “Okay, you caught me. I’m not really here for coffee.”

Sabrina smiled as she placed her cup inside. “Trying to play hooky from work? I won’t tell if you don’t,” she teased. “But I think it only counts when you actually leave the office.”

He chuckled. “No. Actually, I came to see you.”

She froze then glanced up at him. There was no playing coy, no pretending she didn’t know what he meant by those words.

“Have dinner with me.”

Sabrina could only continue staring at him. She was dazed and flattered, and she wanted to say yes—she really did—but humiliating memories and her promise to herself kept her from giving in.

“That wouldn’t be a good idea.”

“It wouldn’t be a bad idea,” he countered, his intense blue eyes piercing into her.

No, it wouldn’t, a daring part of her agreed. She liked Jake. Really liked him. But an office romance was not something she dared to start. She cared too much about her job and career to conjure up the kind of trouble it would bring.

“Is there a boyfriend I need to worry about?” he asked when she remained quiet. His eyes were like sharp Azurite as he waited for her response.

She shook her head. “No, it’s not that.” She didn’t miss the slight drop of his shoulders. “It’s just…I don’t date guys I work with. It’s a rule of mine.”

“Good. Then I don’t have to worry about that art guy you work with.”

Sabrina tilted her head slightly, confused. “Who? Dale? He’s not—”

“Yeah, he is,” he interrupted smoothly. “But I’m glad to know he’s not any competition.”

Competition? She hoped she wasn’t just a game for him. “I don’t date any guy who I have to work with,” she stressed. “That includes you too, Jake.”

His eyes flashed brilliantly. “I like the way you say my name. It’s sexy.”

His words took her by surprise, and she wavered amongst disbelief, laughter, and embarrassment. Who says that? Jake was definitely not a shy guy. She shook her head as laughter won out in the end.

“I’m being serious.”

“Me too.” He was looking at her as if he could see through her ivory blouse and beige slacks, and with his penetrating stare, maybe he could. A warm flush came over her again, and she didn’t know if it was from embarrassment or desire. Maybe both.

“Besides,” he added with a sly grin, breaking the sensual tension that had seemed to settle around them in the small space. “I’m only here as a freelancer, so technically we don’t work together.”

“Nice try,” she said, getting back to their earlier conversation. “But it won’t do. You’re on the payroll, so you’re off-limits, too.”

Jake wouldn’t give up. “Then let me take you out to lunch?” He suddenly glanced down at the coffee machine. “Better yet, for some real coffee.”

Another refusal was forming on her lips when he interrupted.

“It’ll be like a mini-celebration for surviving your first week on the job. And we can just eat in the cafeteria downstairs. I promise I won’t even carry your tray.”

Sabrina couldn’t hold back the short laugh that burst out of her. He was persistent, she’d give him that. And lunch seemed harmless enough.

“Fine, we can do lunch. But today is no good.”

“That’s cool. I’ll be hungry again tomorrow.” He flashed her a devastatingly handsome grin. “I’ll pick you up from your cube at twelve.”

“Okay,” she agreed, though she realized he hadn’t really asked.





Chapter Three





The next morning, Sabrina was stunned yet pleasantly surprised to find the brand new, sleek computer system set up at her desk. In the looks department, the new machine was like night versus day, compared to what she had been working with the past few days. Hopefully, it performed just as well, too. A bubble of warmth spread through her as she grabbed the small note that lay across her shiny new keyboard.



See you at noon.



The bold, masculine writing that scrolled across the white sheet left her giddy with anticipation. The next few hours, Sabrina kept herself busy but found it hard to concentrate with her excitement.

Oh, relax already. This is not a date, she reminded herself.

But it was Friday, the end of her first week on the job, she that only added to her excitement. There was also a lightness in the air that made today feel less frantic than it had felt earlier in the week.

“Hey, pretty lady, is that smile for me?”

Sabrina looked up from her monitor to find Dale peering down at her from the semi-tall panel that served as a wall for her cubicle. She had been so lost in her head, she hadn’t heard him approaching.

“Only if you have those comps for me to review.”

Dale groaned. “They’re in production now and should be ready soon. In the meantime, I was going to grab some coffee. Want to come?”

Sabrina glanced at the clock on her computer. It was ten fifty-five. In an hour, she would be having lunch with her cutie from IT. A wide smile formed on her lips and she didn’t care how silly she must have looked to him.

“No, thanks. Maybe next time.”

But there would be no next time. Ever since Jake’s comment, she had been a little more aware of Dale’s subtle flirtation but was careful not to encourage it beyond friendship. She should have picked up on it earlier, and it annoyed her to think that she was, once again, missing the signs. But with Jake, the signs were loud and clear—and so was her attraction to him.

Exactly one hour later, Jake was at her cubicle. He knocked lightly on the thin panel of her workstation, looking much too good in faded jeans and a dark gray polo shirt. The strength of his broad chest and toned arms were unmistakable.

“You ready?”

She nodded and grabbed her wallet.

Today would be her first time venturing down to the company cafeteria, which was very popular among the employees. With her budget, she was forced to bring her lunch, which she usually preferred anyway. But from what she overheard around the office, the food was good and reasonably priced.

“Thank you for setting me up with my new computer this morning,” she said as they made their way to the elevators. “You must have gotten here real early.”

He shrugged and flashed an alluring smile, the one she found very sexy. “Actually, it was done last night. I figured there was no need for you to wait if I could get it done then.”

Sabrina glanced at him, surprised. “You must have been here late, then. I didn’t leave until seven.”

“Yeah,” he said with another shrug. “We were here late setting up equipment for some big, important meeting happening next week.”

There had been buzz around the office about the big pitch meeting for a popular client, which would involve a few people from senior management. To think he had taken time last night to set up her computer made her feel special.

When the elevator arrived, Sabrina hesitated. There was enough room for them to squeeze in, but thinking of the long ride down with that many people crammed inside brought on the familiar tightness in her chest. If they hadn’t had a long ride down, she would have endured. But it would be too long a trip for her to keep her anxiety at bay. There was even a strong chance she would have a full-blown panic attack the moment the doors shut and the thought kept her feet planted where she stood.

Jake took a step forward but glanced back at her when she didn’t move. “Sabrina?”

The concern on his face was touching, and she offered him a weak smile. “Do you mind if we wait for the next one?”

The elevator doors slid shut and she could feel the heat of Jake’s eyes on her, but kept her gaze fixed on the descending numbers. She would have suggested they take the stairs, but even her phobia wasn’t strong enough to have her go down twenty-two floors. In heels.

“What was that all about?”

She knew that question was coming. “Nothing. It was just…a little crowded in there.”

He didn’t push for more, and she was grateful for that. Another elevator soon came, this one with only one other person, and she breathed a sigh of relief.

When they made it to the busy cafeteria, Sabrina was impressed by the selection offered in the wide space. She had come with somewhat high expectations, and the fancy lunchroom managed to exceed them. The cafeteria was in the shape of a wide semi-circle and had about ten food stations, each serving a different variety of food—from pizza to Asian food to sandwiches, and even Mediterranean. Not to mention the salad and fruit bar planted in the center of the surrounding stations. It was all impressive and a bit overwhelming.

Jake led her to the station where the trays and containers were stacked. “If you’re looking for the good stuff, stay on the outside,” he said close to her ear. He pulled out two trays, and she placed the disposable food containers on each.

“You know, I was just kidding about not carrying your tray. I know it’s part of being chivalrous and all that.”

She laughed. “Well, aren’t you a regular knight in shining armor, but I think I can manage the heavy burden of carrying my tray.”

“Really? Because I honestly don’t mind being of service, my lady.” He winked at her.

She laughed again, though she couldn’t help the warmth of awareness that came over her. Why does he keep looking at me like that? “And I’d bet you’d do a fantastic job of it, but I’m sure. Thanks.”

They made their way around the cafeteria, and while he waited in line for a burger, Sabrina went off to explore her options. There were so many, but in the end she settled for the soup and sandwich station. A few minutes later, Jake found her as she placed her specially ordered chicken Caesar wrap on her tray.

“Done?”

She nodded and he led them to the checkout line. When she pulled out her credit card, the cashier simply pointed to the sign in front of the register. No cash or credit cards, it read.

Sabrina frowned. Apparently, she needed the cafeteria’s special pre-paid card to pay for her food. How ridiculous.

“Don’t worry about it,” Jake said from behind her. “Lunch is on me.”

Sabrina wanted to decline the offer, not wanting to be obligated to him or have this feel more like a date than it already did, but the line forming behind him forced her to accept.

“Thanks,” Sabrina muttered as they made their way to the dining area. “I’ll pay you back.”

“You’d better not,” he said dryly. “I can afford six bucks.”

The one thing she knew about men was how big their pride was, so she didn’t argue. They passed a few empty tables, but she didn’t say anything. She just continued to follow him until they reached the far end of the dining area, near the windows. In the far corner was a small nook hidden from the rest of the diners, with a few small tables, which sat facing the large window. It was quieter and allowed for some privacy. Sabrina liked it for its brightness since natural light at her cubicle was nonexistent.

She took the seat facing the window and he slid into the seat beside her, the warmth of his body causing something light and soft to flutter in her belly.

“This is nice.”

Jake grinned. “I thought you’d like it.” There wasn’t much room at their table, and his long legs would occasionally brush against hers. She liked it too much to shift away.

“How’d you discover this hidden gem?” Sabrina asked as she began plucking the lettuce from her wrap.

“I just found it by accident one day. There’s no privacy on my floor, and sometimes it’s nice to just get away.”

Sabrina nodded, completely understanding. Her cubicle was far from the other Marketing Assistants, but she didn’t mind the solitude. She valued a bit of peace and quiet, too.

“What are you doing?”

Sabrina glanced over at him and found him staring at her wrap with a raised eyebrow. She looked back down at her open sandwich, her face warming. She could picture her best friend shaking her head at her. Dee had told her repeatedly that she needed to stop being particular about her food when she was on a first date. It made her look picky and high-maintenance, Dee would say. But this wasn’t a date, Sabrina reminded herself. With a small shrug, she resumed her picking.

“I don’t like iceberg lettuce. If I had known that was the lettuce they used to make their wraps, I would have gotten something else.”

Jake chuckled softly. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard of anyone not liking a specific kind of lettuce before.”

Sabrina shrugged again, trying not to feel silly. “It tastes like wet paper,” she muttered. Her friends and family were used to her picky eating habits, but she didn’t want Jake to think she was a weirdo.

Well, too late for that now. He was the one who’d insisted they have lunch together and she could only be herself.

Sabrina forced her embarrassment aside and changed the subject, hoping to take his attention away from her. “How long have you been working here?”

“Not long. Since April, so a little over four months. This was only supposed to last through July, but things aren’t moving as fast as they’d like.”

Jake proceeded to tell her about the company-wide network restructuring that was happening, which would allow for more space on their servers, faster operation, and even the ability to work remotely. With all the upgrades, it sounded like she’d gotten here at a good time.

They spent the rest of their lunch hour talking about work and the company. Even after they’d finished eating, they lingered a little while longer as she talked about her recent graduation and decision to get into marketing.

“Where did you go to school?”

“DePaul. I got into the program right after I got my bachelor’s, so it was an easy transition. Then I landed here.”

She avoided the subject of her last position, where she had spent four months as an intern—an internship that had only led to the most humiliating experience in her professional life. Despite her MBA degree and experience, Sabrina was forced to take the lower position because of that incident. Sabrina could only hope that her current supervisors would see the value she brought to the team.

“What school did you go to?”

Jake gave her a curious look before he shook his head. “College wasn’t for me. I spent some money at the local college and some other tech schools before I realized I wasn’t learning anything new.”

“Oh, okay.” Those were the only words Sabrina could think to say.

“Is having a degree part of your requirements before dating a guy?”

Sabrina could sense the tension invading his muscular frame. “No, of course not. I always believed college wasn’t for everyone. As long as you’re happy with what you’re doing and it isn’t hurting anyone, I say, go for it.” He nodded and relaxed some. She couldn’t help but tease him. “But after meeting you, I’m definitely going to add a ‘must’ on my list.”

He cocked a brow. “What?”

“Must be a computer geek.”

His lips curved into a smile and she found herself gazing at him, enjoying the way the small action transformed his handsome face.

“Freelancing isn’t a lifelong career plan of mine,” he confessed.

“Oh? What are your plans, then?”

He hesitated for a moment. “I’d like to start my own company someday. I find I work better on my own.”

Sabrina smiled encouragingly at him. People always talked about wanting to be their own boss, but she believed Jake was one of those people who would actually go for it. And even succeed.

“Right now, I can’t decide whether I should start here or someplace else.”

“Where would you start if not here?”

He shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe New York or LA. I mean, I love Chicago, but I’m ready for a different scene.”

She nodded, though couldn’t help the disappointment that filled her. She knew that his freelance position would mean that she wouldn’t see him around every day, but to think that he would pack up and leave the state was extremely depressing. She’d known him for only a few days and was already resentful at the thought.

Burying the irrational feeling, she offered him a strained smile. “That’s cool. What kind of business would you start?”

He shrugged again. “Something in computer science or information technology. It’s my specialty, and an area that’s high in demand.”

“Smart. Not many people are good around a computer. Myself included, as you already know.”

“If you keep me around, you won’t have to worry about that.”

There was that devastating smile again. Sabrina glanced down at his collar to regroup her senses. “I don’t know… I always felt you techies were a cross between mechanics and mad scientists.”

He leaned forward, a gleam of curiosity glinting in his deep blue eyes. “How so?”

“Not only are you guys part of an elite group of nerds,” she teased, “but they get to charge whatever they want, and us regular folk can’t do anything about it.”

A mischievous grin spread across his handsome face. “Well, I see you’ve got me all figured out. Now I just need my very own Igor, and a chop shop, and I’ll be ready for business.”

Sabrina rolled her eyes, biting her lip to hold back a laugh. “Just be sure to go with the lab coat, then. Overalls just wouldn’t do on you.”

****

The following week, they continued their noontime lunch ritual, and it was by far one of the best weeks he’d had in a while. Each day, Jake would meet her at her cubicle and they would go down for lunch together, spending the hour talking about their day or sitting in complete silence, content just to enjoy each other’s company. He figured if they kept things casual, then they wouldn’t have to worry about things turning awkward between them if nothing came out of this.

Except, it seemed that their friendship was getting a bit more intense each time they got together, and the more time he spent with her, the more serious Jake wanted it to get. For Sabrina’s sake, he tried to maintain discretion around the office, but he never wasted an opportunity to touch her. They were small, harmless contacts—a hand on the small of her back or a touch on her elbow—but they were enough for him to realize that he wanted more than just a casual work relationship between them.

He wanted all of her.

From the way Sabrina looked at him at times, there was a strong chance she might want the same thing. Except, with each passing day she was getting harder to read. She maintained a friendly yet professional attitude whenever they were together. It wasn’t until that brief moment in the elevator after one of their lunch dates that he finally got a bit more of a reaction from her.

They stood inside the small chamber as they made their way back to their desks a bit later than usual. Part of their lateness was because he hadn’t been ready to leave her just yet and she hadn’t seem to be in any rush either.

Jake watched as the elevator skipped his floor and continued its slow climb up to her department.

“You really didn’t have to walk me back to my desk, you know.”

He grinned and couldn’t help but tease, “I’m going for chivalry here, remember?”

She shook her head again but didn’t protest further. He took that as a good sign.

“What do you know about chivalry, anyway?”

He winked at her. “I know that’s how I’ll get the girl.”

She snorted.

“Hmm, sexy,” he murmured.

Jake shared in her laughter just as the elevator stopped midway to her floor. A crowd piled into the elevator, pushing them further back into the closed space. He glanced over at Sabrina and found her eyes tightly shut. Her requests to have them wait for a near empty elevator every time wasn’t something he brought up since he didn’t mind their extra seconds together. It was clear, however, that the crowd was getting to her. From the tension radiating from her at that moment, she was clearly having a time of it.

Jake had never met anyone with claustrophobia before, but it bothered him to see how much she was suffering. Without thinking, he reached down and took her hand in his, giving it a gentle squeeze. Her eyes flew open, and she glanced up at him. There was surprise, gratitude, and relief in her pretty, dark eyes and he gave her hand another gentle squeeze. To his own surprise—and pleasure—she tightened her grip around his.

They finally exited the crowded elevator and made their way to her desk. She’d carefully slipped her hand from his, and he found that he missed the soft feel of her palm against his.

“Do you have any plans this weekend?”

He surprised himself with his blurted question. Maybe it was the long holiday weekend they had ahead of them but Jake found himself already missing her. The end of summer was here, and they would soon be welcoming the start of the fall season, which meant more indoor activities, like his best friend’s game night parties, which was happening this weekend.

Sabrina hesitated, and Jake figured she either did have plans and didn’t want to say or was thinking of an excuse not to be available. He didn’t like the idea of either.

“My friend’s having a small party tomorrow night,” he continued. “It’s something he throws once a month to get us all to hang regularly.” Adam’s parties were usually popular and with the long weekend, Jake anticipated a good turnout. He probably wouldn’t get a chance to get Sabrina alone, but just being able to be near her outside of work was enough for him. “It’s pretty laid back and there’ll be free food and drinks all night. I think you’d have fun.”

“It sound fun, but I was going to take my best friend out tomorrow. She’s going through a bad break-up, and I promised her a girls’ night out.”

“Bring her,” Jake offered. “Adam won’t mind and she’ll get to meet some new people. You can never have enough friends, right?”

“Okay,” she said after a while, and he hadn’t realized how much joy that one word would give him. “Is it in the city?”

“Yeah. I’ll email you the info.”

As they neared her desk, they spotted a bent head inside her cubicle.

“Dale?” Sabrina called out.

The man looked up surprised and then smiled at her as they approached him. Dale glanced over at him, and the grin fell from his face. Jake cocked a brow, recognizing the scorn in the other man’s eyes. He would have laughed if he hadn’t been so annoyed. Right now, the guy was really starting to piss him off. Dale obviously wanted the same thing he did, but Jake wanted her more, and the way Sabrina responded to him, he knew she wanted him, too. Despite his irritation, Jake wasn’t worried about Dale. Annoyed, but not worried.

“Sabrina, I was just leaving you a note,” Dale said. “I have the revised comps for you to review.”

“Great, thanks, Dale.” Sabrina stepped into her cubicle and picked up the folder that lay across her keyboard. “I’ll take a look and give you my comments later today.”

“Take your time. I won’t start working on it again until next week anyway.”

“All right.” When awkward silence fell between the three of them, Sabrina turned to Jake, a sweet smile on her full lips. “Thanks again for lunch.”

“Anytime.” She was referring to the second time these past few days he’d had to cover her meal. Not that Jake minded, but she seemed to have a thing against a guy buying her lunch, too. He could feel Dale’s hard stare, but kept his focus on the beautiful woman smiling at him. “I’ll see you tomorrow night.” He’d let the other man infer whatever he wanted from that. With a quick wink, Jake turned and left.

As Jake waited for an elevator, he was irritated to find Dale headed his way. The man stood beside him silently, and Jake continued to keep his eyes trained on the red digital number displayed above the elevator doors.

“You may want to stay in your lane, Landon.”

Jake brought his gaze down to the silver elevator doors as he fought to keep his temper in check. He didn’t pretend not to know what the other man was referring to, but he couldn’t believe the jackass was actually going there. Who he dated was no one’s damn concern. Certainly not this prick’s.

“And you may want to mind your damn business,” Jake said smoothly, forcing himself to relax, but his blood still boiled.

Dale scoffed. “You white boys are something else. A pretty, black girl shows up and you waste no time, huh?”

Jake’s glared at the other man, his fingers flexing involuntarily. Dale returned his hard stare with one of his own and, at that moment, Jake wanted nothing more than to ram his fist into the other guy’s face. But what would Sabrina think of me then?

Rumor had it that a former girlfriend who had once worked at the company had burned the man. According to the gossipers, Dale’s ex had left him for some new guy in finance. Jake didn’t know if any of it were true, but it was clear Dale was still bitter about it. Maybe the guy in Finance had even been another “white boy.” Either way, Jake couldn’t feel sorry for him. Dale was too busy being an asshole to see that the problem was really him.

“Look, Connors, I don’t give two shits what you think or what your issues are. Just don’t talk to me about Sabrina again.”

Dale snickered. “Or you’ll do what? Swap my computer with a broken one? Don’t you think you’ve done enough of that?”

Jake clenched his fists just as the elevator arrived. He really needed to start looking for a new gig or he would soon end up getting himself fired. Then again, knocking the smug look from that bastard’s face might be worth it.

“You know,” Dale added as the elevator doors slid open. “She’s only being nice to you because you hooked her up. That’s it.”

Jake shrugged as he stepped into the empty chamber. “You seem more pissed off about that than me so I guess in the end, I still win.”





Chapter Four





“Ugh, I knew we shouldn’t have come,” Deidra Dennis mumbled. “My freaking feet hurt.”

Sabrina shot her best friend of eighteen years an irritated glance as they made their way toward the brownstone apartment building. Her freaking feet were hurting her too, but she sucked it up and continued walking.

“Don’t start, Dee. You’re the one who said we should make a left.”

“Well, maybe if you’d remembered your phone, we wouldn’t have to be playing these guessing games.”

Sabrina sighed. The night air was fresh and crisp, but walking nearly two miles in her brand new heels was no fun. Sabrina, however, suppressed her pain and tried to remain enthusiastic. “I’m not arguing with you tonight. We’re here now, so just smile and be nice.”

Dee glared at her instead. “What happened to ‘I’m never dating anyone from my job’? I’m just trying to save you from embarrassing yourself again.”

Sabrina narrowed her eyes at her friend. Dee was really starting to work her nerves. Sabrina could understand that she was depressed and bitter—a bad breakup would do that to any woman—but it had been four months now, and she had hoped Dee would be over her no-good, cheating ex-boyfriend by now. Or at least over her bitterness.

“This isn’t a date,” Sabrina reminded her for the third time that night. “He’s just a friend who invited us to this party. So kill the attitude and try to enjoy yourself tonight. Okay?”

Dee’s lips tightened. She said nothing as they walked into the building and up to the third floor. There were noise and laughter coming from behind the apartment door, and Sabrina smoothed her sweaty palms down her jeans. She’d been nervous since the train ride to Jake’s friend’s place and she had hoped it would have disappeared by now. Evidently, it hadn’t. No matter how often she kept telling herself this wasn’t a date, her body kept reacting as if it were.

After a few knocks on the door, which probably took someone a while to hear over the noise inside, a tall, attractive man filled the doorway. He raised a black brow at them curiously as mild annoyance flashed on his dark brown face.

“If you’re here to tell us to keep the noise down, we already got the memo.”

Sabrina shook her head. “No, Jake invited me. Is he here?”

The man’s eyes widened and he looked from her to Deidra then back to her again. Suddenly, a wide smile softened his stern face. “Yeah, he’s in the back. You must be Sabrina.”

“Yes, and this is my friend Dee.” Sabrina glanced behind him into his crowded apartment, trying to see if she could catch a glimpse of Jake.

“Nice to meet you. I’m Adam.” He stepped back to let them in. At their hesitation, he smiled understandingly. “You can come in or you can wait out here and I can go get him. But just so you know, half of us in here are attorneys so no one is stupid enough to try anything.”

With a small shrug from Dee, Sabrina decided to go with her instincts and they both followed Adam inside.

“There’s pizza, wings, and beer in the kitchen,” Adam said over his shoulder, pointing to his right. “And the bathroom’s through there.” He made an arbitrary gesture in front of them, but Sabrina wasn’t paying any attention. She scanned the crowd to see if she could find Jake. The apartment was surprisingly larger than she expected, and there were small groups of people in every available space playing some sort of board, trivia, or card game. And it was there she spotted Jake.

She smiled gingerly at him as he looked up from his cards and gave him a small wave. His eyes widened and he got up from his seat, despite the loud protest from the other players.

“I’m out.” Jake threw his cards down and made his way toward them. He sized her up, looking at her as if he liked what he saw and she was glad she’d taken her time getting dressed tonight. The look on his face almost made the long walk in her skinny jeans and high heeled ankle boots worth it.

It took a not-so-discreet cough from Adam to pull Jake from his trance and Sabrina hid her smile. She quickly introduced him to Dee, who thankfully had decided to shelve her attitude and be pleasant.

“I’m glad you guys came,” Jake said. “What took so long?”

“We got lost,” Sabrina replied sheepishly. As long as she’d been living in Chicago, she was embarrassed that she still could get lost. Between her and Dee, it was a wonder they managed to make it anywhere.

“Why didn’t you pick up your phone?” Jake asked. “I called you twice.”

Dee made a sound with her teeth and flipped her long, kinky twists behind her shoulders. Sabrina shot her a look before turning back to Jake.

“I forgot it at home.” Gratefully, Adam came to her rescue before she had to explain how nervous she’d been about coming out to see him that she’d accidentally left it behind. Not that she would have told him any of that, anyway.

“Stop grilling the poor girl, Jake. She and her friend look hungry and bored, and that’s unacceptable.”

The two guys led them to the kitchen to find a box of leftover pepperoni pizza and a few scraps of wings swimming in buffalo sauce. Sabrina fought hard not to wrinkle her nose when Adam handed her a paper plate.

“Actually, I don’t—”

“Don’t start,” Dee interrupted quietly behind her.

Sabrina got the message and shook her head. “I’m not hungry, but thank you.”

Dee took the paper plate from Adam and proceeded to place two slices of pizza on it. Her best friend knew she was hungry. They both hadn’t eaten before they left, and after the calories they’d burned walking here, Sabrina was starving. But Dee’s curt words reminded her that now wasn’t the time to get into why she didn’t eat pepperoni and couldn’t stand Buffalo wings, so Sabrina took the beer Adam handed her instead and cradled it between her palms.

They lingered in the kitchen as Adam popped Deidra’s cold slices into the microwave. The rest of them nursed their beers, but Sabrina knew to pace herself. She didn’t plan on embarrassing herself because of an empty stomach and a half bottle of beer.

“So, how did you two meet, again?” Adam asked, staring at her curiously.

“Me and Jake? We work together. Or rather, we work for the same company,” Sabrina explained.

Adam nodded as if he was recalling that bit of info, then he looked over at Jake, a sly grin curving his full lips. “Jake didn’t tell me you had such pretty, dark eyes.” Adam’s own dark eyes gleamed. “I don’t think I’ve seen him date…dark-eyed women.”

Sabrina frowned and glanced over at Jake, who was glaring at his friend.

“We’ve been friends long enough for you to know that shit doesn’t matter to me,” Jake snapped.

Adam threw his hands up defensively. “Hey, man. I’m not judging. I think it’s kinda cool.”

From the hard set of Jake’s jaw, it suddenly dawned on Sabrina what Adam was really referring to and she rolled her eyes. “Adam, it’s the twenty-first century. I don’t think people care about that stuff anymore. And if they do, then their lost. Us dark-eyed girls are pretty fun.”

Adam stared at her for a moment, brows lifted, then he burst out laughing. “Jake, I like her. You better not screw this up.”

“Ditto, Sabrina.” Deidra glanced over at Jake as she took the freshly nuked pizzas from the microwave, a small grin on her pretty, brown face.

“We’re just friends, guys.” Sabrina looked to Jake for support, wanting to dispel the knowing looks they were getting from their friends.

“Right. Friends.” Jake leaned against the counter and tilted the bottle to his lips. His stance was casual. His gaze was anything but.

“Alrighty then,” Adam said, breaking the sudden awkward silence among them. “Why don’t we take the party somewhere else? Dee? How good are you with words?”

“Well, I’m working on my Ph.D. in English composition and rhetoric,” Deidra boasted. “So I would say I’m pretty dexterous when it comes to words.”

Adam whistled. “In that case…” He placed his bottle on the counter and held his hand out to her. “Care to join me in a game of Scrabble?”

Deidra returned his smile and placed her free hand on his. Sabrina hadn’t seen that look on her friend’s face in a while and was happy that she was letting down her guard enough to enjoy herself.

Sabrina watched as their friends made their way out of the kitchen then turned to Jake only to find him watching her in a way that was both exhilarating and unnerving. “Should we go join them?”

Jake set his beer down, took her hand and pulled her to him. “In a minute.”

The same tingling sensation tickled her palm just as it had yesterday when he’d grabbed her hand in the elevator. She’d been on the verge of a panic attack when the elevator had suddenly filled with people, but the distraction of his warm hand clasped around hers had helped tamper down her sudden anxiety.

He rested his other hand lightly on her waist, and she barely contained a tremor. There it was again. Another of his small touches—the ones she was growing dangerously accustomed to whenever he was near. Now if only her body would stop reacting to his every touch…

“You look really nice tonight.”

Sabrina blushed. “Thanks. You don’t look too shabby yourself,” she teased, though he looked great in anything. Even in simple jeans and a t-shirt.

“I’m really glad you came. I was starting to think you wouldn’t show.”

Sabrina smiled, happy to know he was as anxious to see her as she had been to see him. But before she could respond, a loud grumbling came from her stomach.

Sabrina snatched her hand from his and placed it over her belly, her cheeks growing warmer. “Oh, wow. How embarrassing.”

Jake didn’t bother to hide his amusement. “Don’t be.” He removed her hand from her abdomen. “I thought you said you weren’t hungry.”

She glanced at the half empty pizza box on the counter and shook her head. “Not for pizza.”

He followed her gaze. “Why not? I promise there’s no iceberg lettuce in it,” he teased.

“But there’s pepperoni.”

“You have a thing against pepperoni, too?”

She shrugged. “I’m not a fan.”

“I can pick them off for you. Unless you’re one of those who don’t like it when their foods touch.”

Sabrina narrowed her gaze at him, though she found his teasing smile contagious. “Whatever. Not funny. And don’t look at me like that. I’m not weird. I just have…preferences.”

He laughed. “A lot of them, I see.”

She rolled her eyes and turned to leave him standing there in the kitchen alone to fully enjoy himself at her expense.

“Wait.” He took her hand again and pulled her to a stop. “I can’t let you go out there with your stomach making all that noise. What kind of knight-errant would that make me?”

“Not a very good one.”

Jake held her gaze as intimately as he held her hand. “Nope, not at all.”

Sabrina glanced around the large kitchen, breaking the trance she found herself in. “Well, unless you know your way around this kitchen, I don’t have a choice but to wait until I get home to eat.”

“I have a better idea,” he offered. “How do you feel about Thai?”

He got her interest. “I love Thai. Don’t tell me you have some stashed away here.”

He chuckled. “No, but there’s a restaurant a few blocks from here. We could run out and grab a quick bite.”

“Okay. Let me see if Dee wants to come.”

Jake nodded stiffly and Sabrina tried to ignore the obvious disappointment on his face.

****

As they entered the dimly lit restaurant, Jake made a mental note to thank Dee for her polite decline of Sabrina’s invitation. At least her friend understood what he’d been trying to do, even if Sabrina hadn’t. Thanks to Dee, he would have Sabrina all to himself for a little while tonight.

Jake followed closely behind her as the petite Asian hostess led them to their table. He pulled out a seat for her, but to his mild exasperation and amusement, she pulled out the seat across from him and fell into it.

Sabrina exhaled heavily. “Oh, man, it really feels good to sit down.”

Jake shook his head and sat down. “I see.” He watched as she briefly closed her eyes and leaned back against her seat. The small action tightened her top against her breasts and his gaze was immediately directed there. He imagined those full breasts pushing against his naked chest and his jaw clenched—among other things—and he forced his attention elsewhere. Jake tried to busy his mind with mundane thoughts but images of her lovely body pressed against his wouldn’t go away.

“Long day?”

She shook her head. “No. The walk to Adam’s apartment was no joke. My feet are killing me.”

Jake stared at her, not bothering to hide his surprise. He’d suspected her feet were hurting her, but he hadn’t expected her to be straightforward about it. He was used to women masking their discomfort in the name of fashion. Sabrina hadn’t said anything when he’d mentioned the walk to the restaurant so he assumed she’d be okay with it. The small, neighborhood Thai restaurant was only a ten minute walk away, but the sound of her thin heels clicking on the pavement had left him feeling sorry for her soles.

When the waitress came to take their order, Jake was in awe at how Sabrina made ordering a simple chicken Pad Thai dish into an ordeal.

“Can you make it without egg and put the peanuts and the chili sauce on the side?” The waitress nodded and took up their menus. Jake continued staring at Sabrina even after the woman walked away. “What?”

He shook his head then laughed. “Nothing. Just taking notes.”

“And what do you have so far?”

He leaned forward on the table and held her gaze. “That you’re smart and ambitious, but don’t like taking risks.” Unless it matters to you. Apparently he wasn’t worth a risk, but he had no plans to give up yet. “You’re also sweet and sexy and apparently a very picky eater.”

She narrowed her eyes at him. “Hey, what happened to having preferences? Anyway, since you think you’ve got me figured out, it’s your turn to share.”

“What do you want to know?”

She shrugged. “Why don’t you tell me about your family? Do you have any brothers or sisters?”

“Nope, I’m an only child,” Jake said smoothly.

“Me too. Though Dee is like a sister to me. We pretty much grew up together since we were five and were inseparable back then. We still call each other’s parents Mom and Dad, even now.”

Jake found himself smiling at the delight on her face. It was nice to hear the pleasure in her voice when she spoke of her best friend and her family He’d never had that close of a relationship with anyone, not even with his parents. He’d been a kid when his mother left him behind with his father—and a series of replaceable stepmoms—he couldn’t be sure if she had gone on to have any more children after him.

Sabrina went on to talk about her family and her life growing up in Chicago. He found out that they had more in common than just being the only child. They were both Illinois natives, were both fall babies—with their birthdays exactly a month apart—and neither of them had middle names.

“Jacob Landon?” She looked thoughtful. “Hmm, I like it. But Jacob doesn’t sound very Irish.”

The corner of his lips curved up slightly. “It’s biblical.”

She flashed him a teasing smile. “And are you very religious, Jacob?”

He sat back in his seat and thought about it seriously. He could remember going to Sunday school as a kid, but the memory was too vague for him to pinpoint when. He imagined his mother must had been very religious herself, thus his name and the memory, but that had been a conversation he’d never been able to have with her. Or his father.

“I’m sorry,” Sabrina rushed out. “I didn’t mean to—”

“No, it’s fine.” He gave her a quick smile to ease her worry. “Let’s just say I do believe in God.”

Silence fell between them for the first time that evening and he racked his mind, trying to think of something to ask her next that would once again lighten the mood.

“What about your parents?” she suddenly asked. “Won’t they miss their only son when you move away?”

Jake tensed. He never really liked talking about his family, usually because there wasn’t much to tell. His mother was basically a stranger to him, and he and his father weren’t any closer. Not even after his father had been diagnosed with chronic kidney disease three years ago. What the insurance didn’t cover for his dialysis, Jake paid for out-of-pocket, and that was the extent of their relationship.

“It’s just me and my dad, and he lives about two hours outside of the city, so we don’t see each other much anyway,” Jake explained. He didn’t elaborate, and she didn’t push. While Matt Landon had been a decent father, he’d been an awful husband, and Jake blamed him for driving his mother away. And since he shared his father’s temper, Jake had learned over the years that things were bearable between them when he kept his distance. So he did.

When their food finally arrived, they fell silent, though Jake enjoyed watching the fastidious way she dipped her fork into the chili sauce before she stabbed it into her noodles. He tried not to laugh. Sabrina Monroe was something kind of special and the thought of moving away, of leaving Chicago and her behind, became increasingly less appealing to him. If anything—or anyone—was worth waiting for, she was.

“Okay, so I have to ask,” Sabrina began, amusement softening her chocolate brown eyes. “What’s up with this game party? Do you guys really meet every month and do this?”

“Yep. Adam started it when he went to law school. We all got so busy that we once went a year without speaking or hanging out.”

“A year? I think the longest I’ve gone without talking with Dee is a week. Even when we’re mad at each other, we still meet up for our weekly brunch.”

Jake laughed. “This is better then breakfast for lunch. And Adam foots the bill for the food and half of the beer so his place is always packed. He figured this would be a great way for us to stay connected and have fun without leaving his apartment.”

“Smart move. How long have two been friends?”

Jake had to think about it. “A little over ten years. We both went to the same high school, but it wasn’t until after we graduated, when we happened to start working for the same electronics store, that we became friends. I guess it took leaving high school to realize we actually had a lot in common.”

They spent the next half hour at the restaurant, talking about everything and nothing and Jake couldn’t remember the last time he’d enjoyed himself so much. He didn’t even mind her scolding him when he paid their bill while she was in the restroom.

They left the restaurant shortly after, and he slowed to match her hesitant steps as they made the ten minute walk back to Adam’s place.

“We should have taken a cab back,” Sabrina mumbled.

Jake glanced over at her. She looked so miserable, he could only sympathize. From her slow gait, he could tell her feet were still hurting.

“I won’t judge if you decide to take them off.”

“My shoes? And walk on these streets barefoot?” She scoffed. “No, thank you.”

Jake glanced at her again. She had her arms wrapped around herself as the night air cooled around them. They weren’t far from Adam’s apartment, but he couldn’t stand to see her so miserable. Not when the night had gone so well.

“I could carry you,” he blurted.

This time she snorted. He grinned. Before she could protest, he scooped her up in his arms.

“Jake!”

Her arms instantly wrapped around his neck and he held her close, enjoying the feeling of her softness pressed against him.

“Better?”

She sputtered and tightened her arms around him. “Jake, what are you doing? Put me down!”

He chuckled. “What does it look like I’m doing? I’m being chivalrous.”

Her grip around his neck was unrelenting. Sabrina buried her face in his neck as he continued the short walk toward the brick building at the end of the street. Her soft breath against his skin was alluring. And she smelled nice, too. He resisted the urge to nuzzle her neck.

“Jake, this isn’t funny. Please don’t drop me.”

He tightened his hold on her. “Never.”





Chapter Five





It was quickly getting late, but no one seemed to notice—or care.

Sabrina laughed and joined in on the cheering along with the crowd that had gathered around Jake’s side of the table. The crowd had began to diminish in Adam’s apartment, but the few remaining were either lounging around or cheering on the poker game being played.

When the last player folded, he became the proud winner of two packs of gum, three chocolate bars, and a pack of sour gummy bears. Jake gathered his winnings and swiped them into a brown paper bag. He turned and handed it to her.

“Here, baby. We’re rich.”

Sabrina grabbed the bag from him, a little taken aback by the endearment. She knew guys threw that word out arbitrarily, even to women they weren’t dating. But there was nothing casual in the way Jake called her baby. And, if she was honest with herself, she kind of liked it.

When Jake rose from his seat, the men at the table protested, calling for one more game. At the friendly heckling, Jake stopped. “Okay, you punks. Last game.” He turned to her. “Is that cool?”

“Yeah, sure. Go for it.” His consideration warmed her heart. He’d already played two hands and probably believed she was getting bored standing on the sidelines. Not that she wasn’t interested but she had no clue how the game was played and could only guess at what was going on. “I’ll just go see what Dee’s up to.”

“Don’t leave without saying ’bye.”

She stifled a smile. “I won’t.”

Jake nodded and without warning planted a quick kiss full on her lips. She stared at him, astonished. For a minute, she wondered if he was drunk, but there was a sharp intensity in his direct gaze that indicated he was fully aware of what he’d just done.

“For luck,” he murmured then fell back into his seat.

Still stunned, Sabrina made her way to the bathroom. She stared back at her dazed expression, running her fingers over her lower lip. She could still feel the firm, warm imprint of his lips against hers, could still taste the cool crispness of the beer he’d had earlier. A slow smile stretched across her face. Sabrina knew she was treading on dangerous ground, but for tonight, she didn’t care. It had been a harmless peck. One she was grateful Dee hadn’t witnessed or she would never hear the end of it.

At the thought of her best friend, Sabrina realized that she hadn’t seen Dee in a while. She left the bathroom and went to find her, but a quick search of the apartment yielded nothing. Sabrina frowned. Dee wouldn’t leave the apartment without telling her, but not seeing her friend was starting to make her worry.

Sabrina started toward a group that lingered near the kitchen, hoping they would remember the pretty black girl she’d come in with. But before Sabrina could reach them, the bedroom door swung open with a crash and everyone turned toward the noise. Sabrina released a sigh of relief when she saw Dee come out, but it quickly melted away when she saw the fierce frown on her best friend’s face.

Sabrina went up to her. “Dee, what’s wrong?”

“Nothing. I’m ready to go now.”

Before Sabrina could press her for answers, Adam appeared at the doorway of the dimly lit bedroom, a ferocious scowl on his dark face.

Sabrina looked from him to Dee and began in a low voice, “Dee, what the—?”

“I said nothing,” she interrupted. “Let’s just go, okay?”

Sabrina studied her friend, worried by her sudden agitation then she swung her glare at Adam. He leaned against the doorjamb, a dark brow raised.

“What did you do to her?” she snapped.

“Sabrina—”

“Why don’t you ask her,” Adam interjected coolly.

Dee threw him a dirty look before she grabbed Sabrina’s arm. Sabrina winced as Dee’s fingers dug into her. “He didn’t do anything,” Dee said, tugging her away. “Definitely nothing worth remembering.”

Sabrina glanced back at Adam and the cold look on his face could have frozen water. What the hell had happened in there?

“You’re going to tell me what’s going on.”

Dee released a heavy sigh. “Fine. Later. Let’s just get the hell out of here.”

Sabrina gave her friend a long look then nodded. “Okay. But let me say goodbye to Jake first.” She made her way back to where he still played his game and placed a hand on his shoulder. He looked up at her, but the sudden grin died on his lips.

“What’s wrong?”

“I promised I wouldn’t leave without saying ’bye, remember?” Sabrina tried to add lightness to her tone, but Dee’s misery zapped any fun she’d been having earlier.

“You’re leaving now?” Jake glanced down at the cards in his hands. “I’m almost done here. I can bring you home.”

Sabrina shook her head. “That’s okay. It’s getting late and we’re just going to call a cab.”

“Sorry, babe, I can’t let you do that.” He threw his cards down and got up from the table. “Out,” he called over his shoulder then took her hand and they made their way to the front of the apartment where Dee stood close to the door.

Sabrina caught a glimpse of Adam across the room and his glare toward her best friend was unmistakable. With a heavy sigh, Sabrina followed Dee out of the apartment.

So much for a fun night out.

****

“Thanks for bringing us home,” Sabrina said to Jake as they stood outside her small, one-bedroom apartment. With Dee—her temporary roommate—inside getting ready for bed, it was the only way they would get some privacy.

“No problem. I hope you and Dee had fun tonight.”

“Yeah, I just need to talk to her.” It had been obvious during the silent drive to her apartment that things had changed, and Jake had obviously picked up on it.

“So…” she murmured, “I’ll see you on Tuesday?”

“Yes, you will.” His gaze bore into hers, and there was a fire in them that held her feet planted on the ground.

But only for a moment.

Moving as if she were being pulled by a magnetic force, Sabrina leaned up and lightly brushed her lips across his. “Good night.”

Jake stared down at her with such a stunned expression on his face that her face burned with embarrassment. He continued staring at her, unblinking.

“What was that?”

Sabrina glanced down at his chest, beyond humiliated. “Sorry. I-I don’t know why I did that. I—”

Without warning, Jake cupped her face and fitted his lips over hers. The kiss he gave her was like nothing she’d ever experienced. It was all consuming and intoxicating, taking her to a place where she felt weightless and on fire. She leaned into him for more of his taste, his heat. There was something carnal and possessive in the way he moved his lips over hers, as if he was imprinting himself on her so she would never forget him or his touch. With just a kiss, he claimed her as his and she gave in to his silent declaration.

Jake eventually pulled away, nipping lightly at her lips and Sabrina sighed breathlessly. She slowly opened her eyes to find his flushed face hovering over hers. The desire in his eyes said he had been just as affected by their kiss as she.

Their first real kiss.

“No cheap kisses, baby.” He traced the pad of his thumb along the edge of her lips. “Next time you want to kiss me, make it count. Okay?”

She stared at him, still trying to collect her thoughts. “B-but at the party, you…you didn’t kiss me like that.”

He grinned. “That was different. That was for luck. This is for me.” He leaned into her again and kissed her just as thoroughly, devouring her every sigh of pleasure.

She placed her hand over his firm jaw, and he brought his arms around her, which kept her from melting into the ground. In a nanosecond, the energy between them shifted. It moved from erotic exploration to a sense of urgency that left lust pulsing heavily between them. Their desire was tangible and very present, and she pressed against him strongly, not wanting the incredible sensations to go away.

When he slid his hand up her waist to cup her breast, she couldn’t help the throaty moan that escaped her. She wasn’t just playing with fire. She was taunting it. And if she didn’t stop now, it would engulf them both in a blaze of passion and take them to a place of no return.

Lightheaded and breathless, Sabrina tore her lips from his, inhaling long and deep breaths, trying to calm her racing heart. The hard bulge pressing solidly against her was distinct, and she fought with herself to keep from pressing further into him.

He ran his lips down along her jaw and down the base of her neck. “Let me in,” he murmured thickly.

Sabrina shivered from the heat of his husky words. Instead of giving in to her needs, she stepped out of his arms. His eyes were the deepest blue she’d ever seen them, and the tension radiating from him was palpable. His blatant desire did more to turn her on than anything else. In that moment, she knew if she’d been just a little drunk, and without a roommate, she would have given into him. She wanted to take him into her apartment, into her bedroom, and lose herself in his arms. Her remaining sanity, however, forced her out of her lustful daze.

She wanted him, but it was too soon. What would he say when he found out she’d never been with a man before?

“I want to,” she whispered. Oh, God. What am I doing? She hadn’t meant to say those exact words, but his penetrating gaze flustered her. “But…but I can’t.”

“Why not? You want me and I want you, so let’s do something about it. I won’t judge you after, if that’s what you think.”

“It’s not that. It’s just that…Dee is inside.”

His lips curved devilishly and his gaze lingered on her lips. “I’ll be quiet. I promise.”

She shook her head, torn between laughing and groaning. “I also haven’t…I mean…I’ve never been with anyone before.”

His eyes widened, then immediately narrowed as he looked at her intently. “You’re a virgin?” His shocked incredulity grated on her nerves and her face warmed with embarrassment. She couldn’t look at him, but he cupped her chin when she remained silent. “Answer me.”

She was beyond mortified now, the heat from her face making its way down her neck. She tried to pull out of his firm grasp but he held her fast.

“Not that it’s really any of your business, but yes, I am.” Did he think she was weird because she’d held on to that little part of her that she refused to give away to just anyone? “Now are you done embarrassing me?” she snapped, pulling away from him again.

He released her and ran a hand through his hair. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to embarrass you. Or overreact. I’m just…surprised. I never thought I’d meet a twenty-something-year-old virgin.”

His attempt at teasing her failed miserably.

“Yeah, well, we exist,” she muttered.

Jake ran his hand through his hair again. “Look, Sabrina, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to come off strong. We can take this slow.” He smiled slightly. “No rush. No pressure. I can wait.”

“Jake, we’re just—”

“I know,” he interrupted with a heavy sigh. “Friends.”

She studied him, wanting to say more, wanting to remind him that a relationship between them wasn’t possible right now. Not when it violated her promise to herself. And if he decided to move to New York or Los Angeles, it wouldn’t even be a possibility for the future. But she said nothing. She just watched quietly as he opened the door to her apartment and ushered her in.

“Good night, Sabrina.” He pulled the door closed behind him and after she locked it, she stood staring at it for a long moment.

“That was a long goodbye.”

Sabrina was startled out of her trance and turned to find Dee in her robe, heading toward the bathroom.

“Was it,” Sabrina murmured, going to the long sofa that had been Dee’s bed for the past four months and falling into it. She kicked off her heels and tucked her legs beneath her.

Dee collapsed into the seat beside her, tightening the sash of her robe. “What’s up? He wasn’t a good kisser?”

Sabrina cut her eyes at her friend. “How do you know we kissed?”

Dee laughed. “Because…the way he kept looking at you tonight, I would have been surprised if he hadn’t tried anything.” Her friend looked at her expectantly. “So?”

“He’s a great kisser.” Sabrina pulled her lower lip into her mouth, savoring the memory of their kiss. She wanted to remember every lingering taste of him.

“That’s it?”

Sabrina suddenly lost her whimsical smile. Actually, he was amazing, and that was a problem. How was she to resist him now when he had the power to reduce her legs to noodles with just his lips?

“What else do you want me to say? I can’t date him, and he knows that. So yes, that’s it.”

Dee pursed her lips then shrugged. “Well, it’s probably for the best. He seemed like a cool guy, but if he’s friends with that assclown Adam it’s probably best you keep him at a distance.”

Her best friend—and common sense—were right, but the problem was Sabrina didn’t want to listen to reason.

She wanted Jake.

“Well, speaking of assclowns, what happened with you and Adam tonight? You didn’t…did you?”

Dee rolled her eyes. “No, I didn’t have sex with him. We were just…hanging out.” Sabrina shot her friend a look. “Okay, we were making out.”

“And then?”

For a moment, Dee’s eyes softened and took on a faraway look. “And everything was going great. And feeling good.” She giggled. “He and Jake must have taken a class, because he’s a great kisser, too.”

Sabrina frowned at her friend. “So he’s a nice, good looking lawyer who can kiss. So why do we hate him?”

Dee scoffed. “Because the bastard left out the part where he has a girlfriend. Her name’s Michelle,” she all but spat.

“What? How do you know?”

“Because she called him right in the middle of us…never mind. I just can’t believe I fell for another assclown. And he had the audacity to say it was his sister who had called.” Dee stared down at her hands. “What an asshole.”

Sabrina reached out and rubbed her friend’s arm. “We should have punched his lights out.”

It was apparent that in that short time, Adam had won Dee over, and now she was right back to where she’d started. Angry and hurt. And Sabrina couldn’t fault her friend for her bitterness. It wasn’t that long ago that she’d found herself in a similar situation with an assclown of her own.

For a moment, Sabrina’s mind drifted to the bitter memory six months ago during her internship, and the dinner dates she had stupidly agreed to go on. She’d been nervous, but excited about the budding romance between her and Scott Murphy, the young Marketing Director on her team at the time. Any woman would have been. Not because he was the nephew of one of the company’s co-founders, though that hadn’t been easy to ignore, but because Scott was handsome, smart, and charismatic—everything Sabrina thought she’d wanted in a man.

Luckily, it had only taken a few dates for the truth to finally come out. But, in the end, the whispers, rumors, and sly remarks had been about her “attempts” to destroy a happy engagement. Angry and humiliated, it had taken everything in Sabrina to ignore it all and not quit, hoping it would all eventually come to an end. And it had—along with her fledgling career.

Sabrina had learned the hard way how risky it was to mix her personal and professional lives, and that was an experience she never wanted to go through again. She could very well be making something out of nothing, but then again, she couldn’t be sure that a romance with Jake wouldn’t turn out to be a big mistake. In the end, it was easier to just keep her distance and kill whatever this was budding between them.





Chapter Six





“Jake, we’re going to need you and a few of the other guys to stay late tonight. Is that cool?”

Jake gave Mack a quick nod and continued to carry more computer equipment into the storage closet. Whatever big meeting the company had coming up had forced almost everyone at the office to stay late. It explained why he hadn’t seen or heard from Sabrina since the night at her apartment, but his patience was starting to run its course.

No one was that busy they could return a call or text message.

Despite all of his calls and messages this week, she hadn’t returned any of them. Now it was Friday, and things around the company were now a bit calmer. He’d hoped Sabrina would find the time to answer one of his calls, but still nothing.

Jake was slowly starting to realize her avoidance could have little to do with work and a lot to do with what happened outside her apartment the other night. He knew he may have come on a bit too strong, but he meant what he’d said about not wanting to rush her. She was obviously wary about starting anything with him, but her response that night confirmed for him that his attraction to her wasn’t one-sided. That kiss had been more than he’d expected and had only fueled his salacious thoughts of taking her to bed and losing himself inside her.

It had only been a week since Jake had seen her and yet he missed her the hell out of her. And after such a shitty week, he had been looking forward to seeing and talking with her again.

Jake completed his task and made the short trip down to marketing. He’d be damned if he’d just let her ignore what was clearly something special between them.

It was a little after two when Jake arrived at her cubicle only to find it empty. Suppressing his disappointment, he picked up a notepad and left her a quick note before he made his way back to the elevators. When one finally arrived, Jake stepped aside to let the two riders out and instantly recognized the woman’s laugh. Sabrina.

And she was with Dale.

Jealousy like Jake had never experienced pierced through him at seeing the two of them together, but he fought to contain it. She had obviously been laughing at something the other guy had said, but the minute she made eye contact with him, her smile slipped.

Jake waited for any sort of acknowledgment from her, but instead of the small smile he’d grown accustomed to or a flash of recognition in her dark brown eyes, she quickly looked away from him and continued down the hall with Dale.

Jake stared after them, an overwhelming sense of possessiveness coming over him. Of course, she would be with Dale. They worked on the same team together. That thought did little to lessen Jake’s irritation. It took everything he had not to drag her into the nearest conference room and demand to know why the hell she was ignoring him. His hands fisted at his side as anger and resentment burned in his gut. He continued to watch the pair, staring after them until they turned the corner and disappeared from his sight.

At least now for certain, he knew.

She was avoiding him.

****

Sabrina forced a smile to her lips when Dale made another off-color joke about working in corporate America. Not that she didn’t find him pleasant enough, especially when it came to working late hours like tonight, but Sabrina was exhausted and wanted nothing more than to go home and crawl into bed.

She hadn’t anticipated another late night at the office, particularly on a Friday, but it was a little after seven and they were still trapped in a conference room, going over their slide presentation one last time.

As Dale flipped through the presentation that she’d already gone over more times than she could remember, Sabrina’s mind wandered to their run-in with Jake earlier that day. She knew part of her exhaustion was from the mental strain she was putting herself through, thinking and rethinking about that brief moment. She would have given anything to know what Jake had been thinking in that moment. She swiftly reminded herself that what he thought wasn’t her concern and she needed to forget him.

But that was easier said than done.

She missed him. Maybe even more then Jake apparently did her. She remembered the note he’d left at her desk and guilt, longing, and uncertainty warred inside her.



Please call me back. I miss you.



Jake didn’t need to sign it for her to recognize his bold handwriting. Sabrina hadn’t realized how comforting she had found his presence until he was no longer around. Not that it was his fault. She’d gone out of her way to avoid him this week, thinking that would help ease her out of his alluring web.

Except, the harder she tried to avoid Jake, the more she thought about him. She’d tried to forget him by throwing herself into her work, but that had only resulted in a lot of late dinners at the office—with Dale. Now that the week was at an end, she couldn’t stand one more minute in the bright conference office.

“Are we all set?” Sabrina asked as Dale made one last graphic change to the final slide.

“Yeah.” He peered intently at his computer. “I just need to sharpen the edges on this, and then we’re done.”

“Great.” Sabrina rose to her feet. “You don’t need me to hang around for that, right?”

Dale looked up at her, a pained expression on his face. “Wow. So you’re going to just leave me here hanging? What happened to dinner? It’s after seven.”

Sabrina wrinkled her nose. “If I have another meal in this conference room, I may lose it and it’s not going to be pretty.”

Dale chuckled and got to his feet. “You’re right.” He closed his laptop and tucked it under his arm. “After this week, I think we deserve a proper meal. On the company.”

Her brows pulled together. “Oh, yeah? And what did you have in mind? Because fifteen dollars a person will only take us so far.”

Dale leaned close to her and whispered in her ear, his dark eyes gleaming. “I don’t know about you, but I think I see about six members of the team here who deserve a glass a wine with their steak dinner.”

Sabrina shook her head and laughed. Her amusement was cut short, however, when Dale leaned toward her. She pressed her palm against his chest, stopping him before he could get any closer.

“Dale, what are you doing?”

He pulled back and stared at her, a bit chagrined. “Sorry. I guess I must have misread the signals.” He glanced away from her. “How embarrassing.”

Sabrina patted his arm in reassurance, trying to ease some of the awkwardness. She tried not to listen to office gossip, but what she had picked up about Dale only made her empathize with him. He, too, had been caught in an office romance that had ended poorly. He, however, didn’t seem inclined to let the fact that his last girlfriend, who had left him for someone who’d only recently joined the company, stop him from starting up another office romance.

Unfortunately, for him, Sabrina wasn’t interested in blending her work with romance.

“Don’t be embarrassed. It was nothing.”

Dale stared at her searchingly. “How can I turn it into something?”

Sabrina groaned inwardly. She liked working with Dale and could see him fast becoming a friend. But that was all.

“Sorry, Dale. I have this rule against dating guys at work.”

He cocked a brow. “You know rules are meant to be broken, right?”

She rolled her eyes. “Not all of them,” she muttered. Though, there were times she thought of chucking her rule and answering one of Jake’s calls.

Dale sighed. “I guess I can respect that. But let me know when you decide to break that rule. Then maybe we can go out for that glass of wine.”

“How long will you two be in here?”

Sabrina jumped at the hard voice coming from the behind them. Jake stood at the door, glaring. He carried long cables over his shoulders and his dark blue eyes were as sharp as ice as he stared from her to Dale. Her stomach tightened and she glanced away from him.

“We were just leaving.” Sabrina began to gather her things when his words stopped her.

“Actually, Sabrina, I need to talk to you,” Jake said. “It’s about the work order you put in earlier.”

Sabrina frowned at him. What work order? But at the pointed look he shot Dale, she realized he’d made it up to get her alone. Dale glanced back at her, and threw her a wink.

“Good night, pretty lady,” he said before walking around Jake and out of the conference room.

Jake closed the door firmly behind him and dropped the cables on the wide table. He was angry. She could see it in the hard set of his jaw, and honestly couldn’t blame him. Not after the way she’d snubbed him earlier.

“I thought you said he wasn’t competition,” Jake said with false casualness.

Sabrina stared up at him. He stood so close she could smell the unique blend of his body wash and his natural scent. The same rich scent she had greedily inhaled when he’d nestled her close to his chest the night he’d carried her to Adam’s apartment.

“He’s not.”

“Well, you two seem to have gotten real close lately. Why are you avoiding me?”

Sabrina decided to ignore that last question. “Work will do that to you. Especially when you’re stuck working late every night.”

“Doesn’t look like you guys were doing much work.”

Her lips tightened at his insinuation. “How do you know? Were you spying on us? Are you stalking me?”

He frowned. “No,” he snapped. “You’re not the only one who works late around here. And maybe if you would stop avoiding me, I wouldn’t have to lie just to get you to talk to me.”

“I’m not avoiding you.”

He narrowed his eyes, both of them recognizing that lie for what it was.

“You looked right through me today,” he said tightly. “You’ve ignored my calls and my messages, so don’t.”

Shame made it hard for her to hold his gaze. “Jake, it’s been a busy week and—”

“Bullshit.” He came up to her and reached for her.

She backed away. “Don’t.” The single word stopped him in his tracks.

“So, is that what this is all about? You’re dodging me because I made you feel something the other night?”

Sabrina shook her head, wanting to deny the truth of his words. “Jake, I already told you, I can’t date you. And the other night shouldn’t have happened.”

His frown intensified. “Why not? We both liked it, and we both wanted it, so what is this really all about? Are you still mad about how I reacted when you told me you were a—”

“No, it’s not about that,” she interrupted, her face growing warm. “But maybe that’s the problem. This…” She motioned between them. “Is pointless. I’m not interested in an office romance or a long distance relationship. Since your plans include leaving Chicago, why don’t you stop trying to start something we both know won’t go anywhere.”

Silence stretched between them for a long moment.

“So what you’re saying is that we should just pretend there’s nothing between us? That you don’t want me as badly as I want you?”

Sabrina glanced at the closed door, grateful it was shut and there was no one around to overhear their discussion. “I’m saying that from now on, we can only be friends. Nothing more.”

His midnight blue eyes turned stormy. “Well, I don’t want to just be your fucking friend. I want more, and you do too.”

She winced at his harsh language. He had spoken to her like that and it was jarring. “Don’t assume to know what I want, Jake. This is exactly the kind of drama I want to avoid. If you don’t want us to be friendly, fine. From now on, things will just be professional between us.”

“What the hell does that mean?”

She blew out an exasperated breath. “It means that you keep your distance. No calls or messages, if it’s not work-related.” She glanced down at her hand. “And I’d appreciate it if you didn’t try to touch or kiss—”

He scoffed, the short laugh coming out harsh and mean. “Damn, get over yourself. It was just a fucking kiss.”

She recoiled, hurt and shocked by his callous words. Then she quickly began gathering her things. “Thanks, Jake,” she said ruefully, gripping her notepad close to her chest. “Thank you for showing me what a real asshole you are.”

The anger fell from his face and was instantly replaced by regret and a bit of shame. “Sabrina, wait.” He grabbed her arm as she tried to walk around him. “Look, I’m sorry.”

She snatched her arm from his grip. “Don’t touch me.” She was proud of her calm, level tone. “You’re the one who needs to get over yourself. You walk around here like you run the damn place, like you’re too good to be here. I told you that I don’t date guys I work with. If Dale can respect that, why can’t you?”

His dark brows pulled together fiercely and the muscle in his jaw flexed. “Don’t talk to me about that dick.”

Sabrina cocked her head to the side. Why did he hate Dale so much? Was this all just some big competition for him? “I’m starting to think it’s not me you really want. I think you just like the chase or the game, and I’m just the prize you get to win.”

He cursed and ran his hand through his hair. “It’s not like that, and you know it. I really like you, and you know how much I want you, yet you’re not even willing to give me a chance. For what? Because of some damn rule?”

She stared at him blankly, refusing to let his words make her feel as if she were the one being unreasonable. “I don’t have to explain myself to you, Jake. And I won’t. So from now on, just leave me the hell alone.”

Sabrina walked around him and left him standing alone in the conference room. She couldn’t remember ever being so angry.

Or so hurt.





Chapter Seven





Stuck up. High maintenance. Stubborn. Workaholic.

Picky.

Jake went over all the reasons he needed to move on from Sabrina Monroe, but none of those trivial flaws could change how he felt about her.

Or how he’d felt these past few days.

Lashing out at her because of her values had been low. Not only did he feel like the biggest jerk around, Jake also felt like shit for the things he’d said to her. She had called him an asshole, and she was right. After reflecting on their heated argument that night, he realize he had been arrogant and selfish. He couldn’t say he blamed her. For a guy who was head-over-heels for a woman, he was really messing things up. And he was willing to admit when he was wrong and give her the space she wanted.

But not today.

Jake glanced at the time, wondering if he’d gotten to the office too early. He had spent the weekend thinking of ways to apologize to her and wanting to do it the moment she came in. He hadn’t found the right words yet, so he figured he’d just be honest. He screwed up. He’d never wanted a woman so desperately as he wanted Sabrina—flaws and all—and the last thing he wanted to do was drive her away.

It was a little before eight thirty in the morning when she finally walked over to where he stood beside her cubicle. Friday seemed like a long time ago, and he could only hope that he hadn’t messed things up so much that she refused to speak to him.

He watched as she approached, but her expression remained aloof.

“Excuse me.” She didn’t look directly at him.

Jake stepped aside, and she walked into her cubicle. She placed her bag down and turned on her computer. It was obvious she was fully prepared to continue going about her task as if he wasn’t standing right there.

“Sabrina, can we talk?”

“No.”

At least he wasn’t getting the silent treatment. “Please.”

“I need to get to work.” She sat down at her desk and began scrolling through her emails.

Jake gritted his teeth. If she didn’t want to talk, fine. He just needed her to listen. “Look, I know you’re still pissed with me and I don’t blame you. I just want to say that I’m sorry for the other night. I was angry at how things were turning out between us and I lost my temper.”

Her mechanical movements stilled, but still she refused to look at him. He came fully into her cubicle, but she kept her attention on the computer screen and he couldn’t pick up anything from her. She was good. Maybe I should have her play a hand of poker at Adam’s party next time, he thought absently.

“I want to be with you, Sabrina. And not just as friends. But if that’s all you’re offering, then I’ll take what I can get.” He paused, trying to gauge any reaction from her. Nothing. “I know I probably blew my chance with you,” he continued, releasing a heavy sigh. “But if the offer is still available, I’d really like us to be friends again.”

She remained silent, but there was an unnatural stillness in her that said she was listening to every word. At least he hoped so.

“I’ll be down at the cafeteria every day at noon. At the same spot in the back. Maybe you can find some time to join me sometime.”

With that, he left her cubicle. Jake couldn’t accept that she would never speak to him again. He hadn’t lied about wanting them to be friends. As much as he wanted to be able to see her, to touch and kiss her…and even make love to her someday, he also wanted the conversations again. He wanted the lightheartedness and the smiles. She obviously had strong convictions about work and romance, and like she’d said, he needed to respect that.

He only hoped he hadn’t completely lost her as a friend, too.

****

Jake spent the week sitting in the cafeteria alone.

The first day had been like a kick in the gut when she hadn’t shown. And the following day, his disappointment hadn’t been as severe, but it had been disheartening nonetheless to find that his apology had not been accepted. On the fourth day, he’d given up hope that she would actually show. Part of him wanted to ride the elevators up to her floor and demand to know what it would take for her to give him another chance. But then a stable part of him had managed to convince himself to accept the fact that whatever had been building between them was truly over. They obviously weren’t meant to be, and he needed to accept it and move on with his dignity intact.

“Is this seat taken?”

Jake looked up from the day-old newspaper he’d been reading to find Sabrina standing before him, carrying a cup of soup and a pack of crackers. She looked pretty and refreshing—and like the woman of his dreams.

There was also a hint of uncertainty in her eyes.

Jake shuffled his trash to one side of the table to make room for her. “It’s all yours.”

Sabrina took the seat and looked out the window. He didn’t know if she was nervous or unsure of what to say, but he wanted to quickly erase any lingering awkwardness between them.

“I’m glad you came. How’s your day been so far?”

She turned to him, a quick smile lifting the corner of her lips. “The last three days have been crazy.” She paused then added, “I wanted to come yesterday, but there was a last-minute lunch meeting put on our calendars.”

He nodded, trying to suppress the elation that came over him at her small confession. So she hadn’t spent the last three days ignoring him.

For the next several minutes, they sat in silence, but it was a comfortable silence. One they didn’t feel the need to fill with words. After a while, she rose to her feet.

“I have to get back,” she said quietly. “I only have a half hour for lunch today.”

He nodded, pleased by the fact that she’d decided to spend that half hour with him. “See you tomorrow?”

Sabrina nodded slowly. With a small wave, she left him sitting there, still facing the large window. Jake didn’t need to see his reflection to know he had a wide, ridiculous grin on his face.

****

Like a repeat from yesterday, Sabrina turned the corner to the small nook in the cafeteria and found Jake sitting there, just as he’d said he would be. She slipped into the seat beside him, and again, they barely spoke as they ate their meal.

“So…do you have any plans for the weekend?”

Jake turned to her, surprise clear in his eyes at her sudden question. She was a bit taken aback by it, too. She’d told herself that it would be easier to carry on this friendship if they kept their conversations closely related to work. How would she react if he said he had a hot date with another woman Saturday night? The thought annoyed and depressed her all at once.

He shrugged. “Nothing big. Adam’s sisters are going to be in town, and he wanted me to tag along.”

Sabrina frowned. “His sisters?” She thought back to the conversation she’d had with Dee about her lapse of judgment with Adam. Her best friend was still upset about the encounter.

“Yeah. They’re coming up for the weekend and we’re going to take them out to this new restaurant downtown. Josie’s. I hear it’s supposed to be good.”

She waited for him to tease her as he would have before, about them trying it out together, but the flirtatious remark never came. She shouldn’t have been disappointed. This was what she wanted. A professional work relationship. Right?

“His sisters,” Sabrina said instead. “What are their names?”

Jake glanced at her curiously. “Monica and Michelle. Why?”

Sabrina shrugged, thinking about Dee and how silly she was going to feel once Sabrina told her about this colossal misunderstanding. “No real reason. Are they younger?”

“Yeah, and they’re twins. They just started their first year at Indiana State. Smart girls.”

“That’s nice. I hope you guys all have fun.”

After a brief pause, he said, “I’d have more fun if you were with us.”

“I wouldn’t want to impose. Four is company, five is just…obscene.”

He chuckled. “Then maybe we should pick a date to go together. Just the two of us.”

Though Sabrina kept her composure, she was bubbling over inside. “Okay, but first you have to tell me how the food is.” He chuckled again, and she found herself enjoying his amusement. “I missed this,” she blurted. She held his gaze when she confessed, “I’ve missed you.”

Something warm flashed in his eyes and he leaned forward her, his gaze fixed on her lips. Sabrina held her breath. The anticipation of his mouth over hers again made her heart quiver. She knew she should pull away, should demand to know what he was doing, but she stayed right where she was and waited…

Except the kiss she’d eagerly awaited never came.

Instead, Jake leaned close to her ear, his lips lightly brushing the sensitive lobe, and whispered, “I’ve missed you too, babe.”

He pulled away and there was a wicked gleam dancing in eyes. Sabrina released her breath with a small chuckle, her amusement overriding her disappointment. “Tease,” she muttered.

“What was that?” he asked too loudly.

Sabrina shook her head and returned her attention to her premade salad. She glanced up from the onions and celery she had discarded to the side to find Jake watching her.

“What?”

He chuckled and nodded toward her lunch. “For a second there, I almost forgot about your…preferences.”

“You make it sound like it’s a bad thing.”

“It can be.”

“There’s nothing wrong with having choices. And I choose not to eat onions. Or celery.” She emphasized her point by shoving another celery to the side.

Jake sat back in his seat and studied her. “Okay. What if you had a choice between eating a fried egg, wrapped in iceberg lettuce and covered in buffalo sauce, or destroying the world, what would you choose? And starving is not an option,” he quickly added.

“Those are not good options.”

He shrugged. “But you have to choose. You can save the world by simply exploring the unknown or… you can let the world die and save your stomach the experience of eating a fried egg lettuce wrap with buffalo sauce. Which, by the way, could turn out to be quite delicious.”

Sabrina stared at him searchingly, trying to gauge whether he was joking or asking a trick question. “I don’t know,” she said truthfully. “What if I’ve already had a fried egg lettuce wrap before and know exactly how it’s going to taste? And what it’ll do to my stomach.”

His gaze piercing. “But no two wraps are made the same.”

Sabrina turned away from him and stared out the large window overlooking the city. She suddenly knew exactly what he was asking her. Was she willing to let go of her hang-ups and give a relationship with him a try?

“I chose the wrap once, Jake. And you know what? It turned out bitter and disgusting.”

He was silent for a moment. “What happened?”

Sabrina sighed. “I had this internship I started while I was finishing up my last year in grad school. It was at MacArthur, Murphy and Company, one of the best consulting firms in the state. And one of the hardest to get into. With a lot of hard work, though, I managed to get in.” Sabrina leaned her elbow on the table and rested her chin on her hand, lost in the memory of that time. “About four months into my internship, one of the newly promoted executives took notice of me. At first I thought it was just professionally, but then it became obvious that he was interested in me romantically as well. He was good looking, smart, and ambitious. And I figured we had a lot in common.”

“Yeah, I get it,” Jake cut in. “He was dreamy. So then what happened?”

Sabrina glanced at him, startled then quickly stifled a smile at his jealous outburst. “Anyway, I only went on a few dates with him, but the next thing I knew, there were these nasty rumors going around that we were having sex in the office and that I didn’t have to work so hard because I was really there to keep him happy.”

“Sounds like you worked with some real idiots.”

“Yeah, well he was the grandson to one of the partners so people were buying it. And it only got worst because like an idiot, I didn’t know he was engaged. He was the one who came on to me but I was the one branded a home-wrecker.” He cursed and she took comfort in knowing he was indignant on her behalf. “Eventually, the rumors got so bad that the company decided to let me go. They claimed that it was because my supervisors didn’t find me fit for the position, but I knew it was because of the rumors. Though all the whispering and looks got to me, it was nothing compared to being fired for something I had no control over.”

“You didn’t try to fight it?”

“Even if I had, it wouldn’t have changed anything. They were dead set on getting rid of me and putting an end to the rumors. It was easier to just get rid of me, and they did. And all my hard work went down the drain.”

Jake said nothing for a while, and she wasn’t particularly eager to see his reaction to how stupid she’d been.

“I’m sorry you were forced to go through that. The double standard can be a real bitch sometimes. But I could never hurt you, Sabrina. And I never would. I want us to have a real chance to develop something here, without any of the baggage. I would never lie to you and I never want you to lie to me.”

“That goes without saying, Jake. I would never hurt or lie to you either.”

Jake nodded, silent for a moment before he asked, “Then what’s it going to be? The egg wrap or the end of the world?”

Sabrina studied him closely. She certainly wanted him to be in her life, even if it was just as friends. Eventually, though, that wouldn’t be enough. It wasn’t enough now. But did she dare let go of her inhibitions once and risk her career again?

“So, if I choose the wrap, I save the world?”

His eyes were intense and he took her hand in his, slowly rubbing the pad of his thumb over her knuckles. “You save us.”

She held his gaze, letting her reserves and uncertainty melt away. She chose to trust him.

She chose him.

“Okay. I’ll eat the wrap.”





Chapter Eight





“Jake, it’s against company protocol to reassign company equipment without proper authorization. You know that, right?”

Jake clenched his teeth as he endured the reprimand from the IT director. He was having one shitty week, and this one took the cake. No harm had been done by setting up Sabrina with the new equipment the department had lying around. The new system he’d set her up with hadn’t even been assigned to anyone, which was why he’d set it up for her to begin with. Hell, he’d even told his manager about what he’d done. Yet, instead of being grateful that one of the company’s employees was now working on reliable equipment, they felt the need to slap his hand for breaking some stupid company policy. It was a damn joke. He really needed to start looking for a new gig.

“This is the second notice I’ve received about you reassigning equipment,” Ray continued. “Both times for Sabrina Monroe?”

Jake frowned at the older man. Was he referring to the old piece of shit he’d swapped out on her first day? How the hell did he know about that?

“She needed a new computer. Hers had died, and she had an urgent meeting to prepare for.” He might be stretching the truth, but Sabrina had been desperate to get to work and he had only wanted to help.

“I understand that,” the willowy thin man said. “Which is why we hadn’t confronted you about it sooner, though in hindsight, perhaps we should have. Now, this makes it twice that you’ve gone against company policy and, unfortunately, we’re going to have to set an example that things like this cannot be tolerated.”

Jake gaped at the older man, the muscles in his gut clenching. It suddenly dawned on him what must have happened.

Fucking Dale Connors.

Jake knew without a doubt that he was behind this. The man’s taunting words rang clearly in his head. Or you’ll do what? Break my computer? Or swap it with a broken one? Don’t you think you’ve done enough of that?

Dale must have told Ray about the computer-swapping Jake had done for Sabrina on her first day. The only other person who had known about it had been Sabrina. It made sense that she would confide in the bastard.

“So, am I fired?” Jake asked though he already knew the answer.

Ray sighed. “We appreciate all the work you’ve done here, Jake. And you’re more than welcome to use me as reference, but unfortunately, we’re going to have to terminate your contract early. Tomorrow will be your last day.”

With that, Jake was dismissed. It burned him to think that he’d wasted his time in a company like this. If he had his way, he’d tell them where they could shove their policies and walk the hell out of there. But he wouldn’t be stupid and burn the last bridge he had at this company. Ray’s reference could come in handy in the future.

He’d been contacted by a few headhunters, though he hadn’t seriously considered any of them, thinking he would make his start someplace else. Now that he had one good reason to stay in Chicago, Jake began to seriously contemplate accepting the last offer he’d been presented with. It was with a small start-up, and the pay wasn’t great, but the opportunity for more autonomy and growth was there. He could make it work.

Instead of heading back to the IT room, Jake headed to the elevators and up to the marketing department. He thought of leaving a note when he didn’t find Sabrina at her desk, but decided against it. He had an idea of where she probably was and headed to the small conference room her team often used. Since tomorrow was his last day at the company, he would steal whatever time he could to be with her tonight.

Jake hadn’t meant to eavesdrop, but when he heard Sabrina’s next words, he hesitated before going into the conference room.

“I’m sort of…seeing someone right now.”

“Is it that guy in IT?”

Jake tried to dial down his irritation at Dale’s question, but failed. There was a moment of silence, and Jake assumed she must have nodded because Dale’s next question sounded equally annoyed. “Is it serious?”

There was another brief pause before Sabrina replied, “Not yet.”

Jake smiled at the small note of impatience in her tone.

“Good,” Dale said. “That means I’ve still got a chance.”

Jake quickly lost his smile. He was really getting tired of the guy. Dale’s obvious attraction to Sabrina not only annoyed him, but the man’s ploy to get rid of him had also been the last straw. He officially lost his last shred of patience with the bastard.

Jake entered the conference room just as the two were gathering their work. Sabrina looked up and her eyes widened with surprised delight. Jake walked over to her, virtually ignoring the other man. Jake had initially expected to lose his cool at the sight of the man, but he was surprised by the indifference he felt toward him. Jake still hated the idea of Sabrina spending so much time with the bastard, but knew it was his possessiveness of her that played a large factor in the way he felt. He knew he had nothing to worry about.

If he’d been so inclined, Jake would have thanked the man for forcing him to jumpstart his stalled career, and allowing him to move his casual relationship with Sabrina into something more serious.

Jake, however, wasn’t inclined to say shit to the guy.

“Hey, how late were you staying tonight?”

Sabrina’s face broke out into a wide smile. “Tonight’s my lucky night. We finished early, so I get to go home and have a proper meal.”

Jake found her delight contagious, and was grinning like a fool. “I have a better idea. How about I take you to Josie’s? You’ll love it.”

Dale closed the lid of his computer with a sharp snap and left the conference room. Sabrina frowned after him, but Jake barely spared the other man a glance. Since Jake couldn’t prove that the man had been behind getting him fired, Jake wouldn’t bother confronting him about it—or mention it to Sabrina. Nothing good would come out of it and it would only be a waste of time. So instead of letting the other man take up anymore of his energy, Jake focused on the beautiful woman in front of him.

“So what do you say? Josie’s. Tonight. Sound good, babe?”

She turned back to him and gave him a brilliant smile. “Sounds great.”

****

“Tomorrow’s my last day.”

Sabrina turned to Jake, her eyes wide at the unexpected news.

“What? Why?” They sat side-by-side in the plush, semi-circular booth at Josie’s. She didn’t regret taking the small leap of faith where he was concerned and was glad she had agreed to the impromptu dinner tonight at the new restaurant. It gave them a chance to spend more time together outside of work, but now he was leaving the company for good?

“My contract ended early.” He fiddled with the napkin on the table, not looking at her. “But I have another offer lined up, and will start next week.”

Sabrina stared back down at her unfinished dinner. That meant no more daily lunch breaks with him or little notes on her desk—the things she’d come to look forward to every day.

“Are you excited about it?”

Jake shrugged. “Sure. The pay’s okay and I’ll have more opportunity for growth there.”

She should have been thrilled about the news since it would allow them to take their relationship further, without any scrutiny. Instead, Sabrina found that she already missed him.

“Then I’m happy for you,” she murmured. “Congratulations.”

Jake hooked his finger under her chin and turned her to face him. “Don’t look like that, baby. Just because I’m leaving, doesn’t mean this is the end for us. Hell, we can finally make it official.”

To her delight, he leaned down and brushed his lips across hers. He lingered over her lips, letting her get a small taste of him. It wasn’t the same knee-buckling kiss he’d given her outside of her apartment, but it was still just as intoxicating. When he pulled away, she kept her eyes on him. He was certainly an attraction worth breaking all of her rules for.

“So does this mean this is our first official date?”

He grinned. “Yeah, I guess it is.”

Sabrina took one quick look around the quiet restaurant, then turned and leaned toward him. She fitted her lips lightly against his before she placed her hands on his shoulder and deepened it. The kiss quickly turned hot and heavy. He slanted his lips over hers, devouring her until she could think of nothing and no one else. After all the times she’d wanted to feel his lips against hers again, Sabrina completely gave in to her desires.

All she wanted in that moment was him.

For the next few minutes, their meals were forgotten as they savored and sampled each other’s taste. Her heart thudded in her chest and her breath came out in short, unsteady pants. They finally broke away to catch their breath. She kept her eyes on him as she tried to compose herself.

“What happens to us now?”

Jake looped his arm around her shoulders and drew her close to his side. “Now, you get to tell all those idiots sniffing around the office that it’s official. That your jealous boyfriend is the only guy taking you out for dinner and wine.”

Sabrina shook her head at him. She knew exactly who he was referring to. “What’s your problem with Dale, anyway?”

“I don’t have a problem with him,” Jake said evenly. “I just don’t like the guy.”

Sabrina brows pulled together. “That doesn’t make sense.”

His arms tightened around her. “It doesn’t have to. As long as he knows you’re mine and stays away, I have no problem with him.”

“I can’t avoid him, Jake. He’s on my team. We’re going to have to work late together from time to time, so you’re just going to have to trust me.”

“I know. And I do trust you. It’s him I don’t trust.”

Sabrina laced her fingers with his. “Well, he’s not part of this equation. It’s just you and me.”

“I like the sound of that,” he murmured before leaning down for another kiss. “How about we make it official. How would you like to spend the weekend together?”

She stared at him and wondered what he meant by that. Did he mean day and night? Was she ready to take their relationship that far?

Jake tightened his hand around hers. “I don’t mean that. I’m not trying to rush that part of our relationship. I can wait.” She smiled and relaxed against him. “But I figured since I won’t get to see you during the weekday, that maybe we could spend the weekends together.”

With a gently squeeze of his hand, she reluctantly shook her head. “I would love that, but I think Dee is planning something big for me this weekend. She told me to keep it open.”

“Okay. How about the rest of tonight, then? It’s my turn to have you all to myself for a night.”

Her smile widened. “I can make tonight work.” She wanted him all to herself, too. Away from the office and their work responsibilities. She waited to see if he was going to ask about her plans this weekend, but when he didn’t, she decided to inform him.

“You know, this weekend is my—”

“Birthday. I know.”

She smiled. “You remembered?”

“Of course I did. I remember everything about you. You’re…memorable.”

Warmth spread through her at his words. He always had that effect on her, making her feel cherished and loved and the most important person in his world. “And you, Jacob Landon, are dangerous.”

His brow pulled together slightly. “How so?”

All traces of humor fell away, and Sabrina said thoughtfully, “Because I can see myself falling in love with you.”

Jake’s expression softened and he pulled her to him. “Good,” he whispered into her ear. “Because I’ve already fallen hard for you.”





Chapter Nine





One month later…



“Happy birthday, babe.” Sabrina handed Jake the small box, her heart thudding in her chest.

Jake looked at her curiously, and then took it from her outstretched hand. “Another one? If you’re not careful, I’m going to get used to this.”

Sabrina laughed and took the seat beside him. “Well, don’t. I just wanted to wait until everyone left.” She leaned against his arm and propped her chin on his shoulder.

They had just seen the last few of their straggling guests out. With Adam’s help, she had managed to wrangle all of Jake’s close friends to her place, and a good number had turned out to celebrate Jake’s thirtieth birthday. It had been something she’d immediately started planning the night of her own birthday party that Dee had thrown for her. Jake had casually mentioned not remembering the last time he’d had a birthday cake. That had been unacceptable to her, and Sabrina was glad she’d been able to make tonight happen for him.

Despite the misunderstanding between Adam and Dee, her best friend had managed to set aside her embarrassment long enough to face him again and help them set up. Adam with all his easygoing nature, had declared the misunderstanding “water under the bridge,” and that had been that. Jake’s party had been a success and she couldn’t ask for more.

Now that it was over, Sabrina was glad to finally have her man all to herself.

“Did you enjoy the party?”

“Yeah. Very much. Thank you.” He turned and kissed her, lingering long enough until they were both left breathless. With a ragged sigh, he rested his forehead against hers.

Her own breathing was unsteady, and her body craved his.

The past few weeks he’d been true to his word. He had given her space and time to decide when and where they would make love. But it was getting harder and harder to deny herself—and him. As of late, every kiss and touch was an erotic tease, and he would end them before they could truly catch the fever. But now, she knew in her heart of hearts she was ready for him.

Sabrina pulled away from him and glanced down at the small box in his hand. “Are you going to open it?”

He tore his heated gaze from hers and chuckled. “Oh, right. What is it?” He shook the box for good measure. “Another purse?”

She punched his arm in mock outrage and he laughed. “I told you that was a messenger bag,” she said, defending the charcoal gray designer bag she had presented him earlier that night. “And you said you liked it.”

“I do, baby.” Jake nuzzled her neck. “I was just teasing.” Having his lips on that sensitive area made her shiver, and she closed her eyes. He lingered there and she clutched at his shoulder, her fingers gripping his shirt. It had been weeks of this, and it was becoming impossible to control herself. She was ready for him.

More than ready.

“Jake…” His name came out in a breathy whisper.

“Hmm?” He passed his tongue lightly across the warm skin at the base of her neck.

“The box,” was all she could manage.

“What about it?”

“Open it.”

He lingered a few seconds longer then pulled away from her with a heavy sigh. He returned his attention to the small gift in his hand as Sabrina tried to bank the flames he had built inside her.

He quickly tore open the box, and she kept her gaze trained on his face to gauge his reaction. When he noticed what was inside, he lifted the single key.

She offered him a tentative smile. “Now that Dee has officially moved out, I wanted you to have a key to my place. So you can come over whenever you want.” She grew anxious at his silence. “Better than a bag, right?” she teased to cover her nervousness.

His lips curved into a slow grin. “Much better.”

“Well, there’s more,” she blurted. His brows pulled into a slight frown and he looked down at the box. “Underneath the card,” she added.

He lifted the key and the small, white note card from the box, and she braced herself for his reaction. His eyes widened and his gaze flew to hers. He lifted the small carton of condoms from the gift box and continued staring at her.

“This better not be a gag gift.”

She would have laughed if she hadn’t been so tense, but instead she shook her head. “It’s not. I also got on the pill, but the doctor said it won’t take effect until after a month.”

Jake continued staring at her, his gaze falling to her lips and staying there. “I would ask if you were sure about this, but I don’t want to give you a chance to change your mind.”

To her surprise, a burst of nervous laughter escaped her. “I won’t. I want you, Jake. I’ve never felt like this about anyone. I’ve never fallen this hard for anyone.” She slipped her hand into his. The heat of their desire seared through her where she sat and added to her momentary confidence. “You’re one of a kind, Jacob Landon, and I’m crazy in love with you. I want you to be my first.”

His eyes flashed brilliantly as the intense desire that had been simmering in them for months flared to life. Before she knew what was happening, Jake got to his feet and with one fluid motion, scooped her off the sofa and held her high against his chest.

“Jake!” She instantly wrapped her arms around his neck as he made his way toward her bedroom. “What are you doing?”

He chuckled. “What does it look like? I’m going to unwrap my present.”

“But we have to clean up first and then I wanted to change into—”

“Oh no, baby. I’ve waited long enough to have you. I’m not about to wait another minute.”

Jake carried her to the bed and gently laid her down on the cool sheets. Sabrina hadn’t been prepared for them to make love right away, and suddenly she was nervous again. She sat still on her the bed and watched as he stripped down to his underwear. She had on her favorite lavender dress that zipped up in the back. Though years of practice had taught her how to maneuver her way in and out of the dress, she remain still on the bed, her heart thumping in her chest. Sabrina watched Jake’s hands as his thumbs hooked around the elastic band of his boxers. Suddenly, he looked over at her and his movements stilled. With a curse, he let the waistband snap back into place.

Though her nerves were sending her through a roller coaster ride of need and apprehension and back again, she didn’t want him to stop. “What’s wrong?”

“Nothing.” He sat down beside her on the bed and took her hand in his. She tightened her hold, finding his urgency strangely comforting. “I just need a sec. I need to remind myself that this isn’t my first time.”

She placed her free hand on his flushed cheek. “With me, it is.”

He closed his eyes briefly and turned his head slightly toward her touch before looking at her with eyes filled with intense desire. “I know, baby. And I don’t want to screw it up.”

Her heart warmed at his words. “Well, we have all night, Jake. We don’t need to rush.”

He released a strained laugh. “I know that, too, but it’s the other parts of me that are having a hard time keeping up. Well, actually it’s doing just fine on that front. I mean—never mind. You know what I mean.”

Sabrina bit her lip to stifle a grin. She’d never seen Jake this flustered before, and she found it charming. Rising to her knees on the bed, she turned her back to him.

“Help me with my dress.”

Jake came close behind her, his breath a caress against her neck, and pulled down the zipper. The smooth glide of the closure was noiseless in the quiet room, but she felt every pull. He paused at the base of her spine, and cool air brushed against her back. The light kiss he placed on her shoulder was like the flutter of butterfly wings against her skin. She trembled from the delicate touch. Her eyelids lowered and she leaned back against him.

His lips slid up along her nape as he pushed down her dress until it hung around her hips. She had envisioned this moment in so many different ways. The sexy underwear she had bought would have helped in her seduction, and she imagined walking up to the bed where he would have lain while she climbed over him. But her fantasy paled in comparison to the reality of having his hard frame pressed solidly against her back. Even in her simple, black bra and half-dressed state, there was an eroticism in the way he held her and the heat that cocooned them.

She turned to face him, and for a moment they stared at each other. There was a burning desire in his deep blue eyes that she had grown accustomed to. Along with his desire, however, was a warmth and tenderness that made her tingle inside.

Sabrina placed her hand gingerly on his bare chest, his muscles tensing under her touch. She couldn’t ignore the tremors that shook her hand. And apparently neither could he.

Jake placed a steady hand over hers, his searching gaze piercing into her. “You still want this, right?”

She released a strained laugh. “Yes. I’m sorry. I’m just still a little nervous.”

His eyes softened and he ran a finger across her cheek. “Don’t be. We have all night, remember. We’ll take it slow.”

A warm sensation spread through her and she placed her other hand on his shoulder. Sabrina loved the way he looked, loved touching him. His shoulders were broad and his chest was well-defined, with wisps of hair that trailed down to his navel. He was beautiful and caring—and he was all hers.

She leaned in close and fitted her lips to his, kissing him in all the ways he’d taught her. A low groan escaped him, and he wrapped his arms around her waist and hauled her against him. Their heated skin melded together and she drew him close, feeding the fire that raged inside her.

Lost in the heat of their embrace, she didn’t realize he was over her until she felt the cool sheets on her back. Jake tugged off her dress and tossed it aside. Her bra and panties soon followed. She resisted the urge to cover herself. From the slight parting of his lips and the way his lids lowered as he stared down at her, it was obvious he liked what he saw, and she didn’t want to be shy with him.

He gently cupped her breasts, brushing his thumb across her taut nipple. Sabrina released a slow breath as her nipple pushed against his palm, seeking his touch.

“You’re everything I imagined,” Jake murmured. “And more than I deserve.”

His words evaporated any lingering nervousness she may have felt, and she knew this was a night she would never forget.

Jake kissed down along her body, stopping to pull a nipple between his suctioning lips. Sabrina ran her fingers through his hair and arched her back against his warm mouth, unable to stop the low moan that escaped her. The prickling sensation moved from her breasts and down to her core and her fingers tightened in his hair.

He ran his thumb across her other nipple, rubbing it until it too begged for his attention. She didn’t have to wait long. Jake brought his lip over her other breast, licking and sucking at it with the same delicious urgency. Incredible pleasure coursed through her, and she gasped and moaned his name. She didn’t know how much more she could take.

Jake slowly pulled away, and continued kissing down her belly and navel until he reached the juncture of her thighs. She inhaled sharply as he brought his warm mouth over her sensitive flesh. Her back arched with every soft caress of his tongue, and her hips rose to get more of him. Her fingers reflexively tightened around his hair as the pressure continued to build inside her. And to her utter amazement, a long, shuddering moan ripped through her as she burst from the incredible pleasure.

It took a moment for her to register Jake had pulled away from her. She came up on her knees, her thighs still trembling, to find him kicking off his boxers. His body was magnificent, but it was his hard shaft jutting toward her that drew her attention. He stood unmoving beside the bed, letting her look her fill. She’d seen an erect penis before but had never touched one, and she was eager to feel him.

She gently closed her hands around his erection and he inhaled sharply. Sabrina glanced up at him to find him looking down at her closely. It was mesmerizing, this moment with him watching her as she explored his body. Still holding his gaze, she gently squeezed him and he released a harsh groan.

“You’re very hard,” she whispered, enjoying the rigid smoothness of him pulsing in her palms.

He released a low sound that was part laugh and part groan. “And you’re very beautiful.”

A smile tugged at her lips, but he ended her slow exploration by pulling out of her hand and reaching for the foil on the nightstand. He quickly ripped open the wrapper and pulled out the round latex.

“Let me.” She took the condom from his hand. “I read in a magazine once that guys found it sexy when their partners put it on them.”

Jake laughed. “Just another excuse to get your hands on our junk.”

She wrinkled her nose. “That’s not very romantic.”

He laughed again, running his palms over her waist. “Sorry, baby. There’s only a few inches and a piece of plastic between us, and I can’t think straight right now. I’m dying to be inside you.”

She smiled. It wasn’t the most romantic thing he could have said, but it was honest and filled with raw passion. Like him. Sabrina wanted him inside her just as badly, and she proceeded to wrap the condom around his rigid shaft.

It took more experience than she realized.

“Wrong way,” Jake instructed.

Sabrina flipped it over, pinched the tip of the slick latex, and began unfurling it.

“No, babe, you have to unroll it over me.”

“Like this?” She placed the tip of the condom over him and tugged the thin plastic down, stretching it over his long length before releasing it.

“No, wait—shit.” The latex snapped back against him and he jerked out of her hand.

“Sorry!”

She stared down at him, horrified. Her hand hovered over him and she wasn’t sure if she should touch him or him a hug. She did neither, too embarrassed to even move.

“Jake?”

He let out a strained laugh. “It’s okay, babe.” He reached for another foil wrapper and tore it open. “Why don’t we save the sexiness for the fun parts.”

She watched as he quickly and effortlessly sheathed himself then climbed into bed and pulled her into his arms.

“Baby, it’s going to be okay,” he murmured, placing a light kiss on her shoulder.

It wasn’t until he spoke those words that she realized how tense she was. His light touch and caress were gentle against her hips and back. She forced herself to relax and looped her arms around his neck. He captured her lips for another of his heart-stopping kisses, and her body eased and opened for him. They fell back on the cool sheets and he came over her, fitting himself between her legs. The probing of his erection was insistent against her, and she arched up against him, eager to have him fill her.

Reaching between their bodies, Jake guided himself into her slick opening. Their gaze held as he slowly pushed into her, and the incredible stretching forced a gasp of pleasure from her lips.

“I love you, Sabrina.” He leaned down and kissed her, taking in all of her gasps and moans as he continued to slowly push into her.

With a low groan, he suddenly thrust strongly into her and she cried out from the burning pain and the unbearable stretching. He stilled above her, whispering loving, encouraging words to her as her body eased around him.

Tightening her arms around him, she kissed his shoulder as he slowly began to withdraw from her then carefully plunge back in. The sensation bordered on pain and pleasure, but she concentrated on their bodies coming together as one. The act of being physically and emotionally joined with the man she loved was enough for her to forget all about the pain.

“Lift up against me, baby.”

His soft command pierced through her fading discomfort and rising desire. She did as he instructed, lifting her hips to meet each of his powerful thrusts and, again, the sensation was electrifying. With every in stroke, she came up to meet him, and he touched a deep place inside her, sending sweet sparks throughout her body. On another deep thrust, a sharp moan tore from her. They lifted and pushed against each other, straining to get as close as they could.

“That’s it,” he murmured. “Like that.” His ragged breath brushed against her ear as he pushed into her again.

Sabrina dug her fingernails into his back as her whole body began to tighten and tremble, and she couldn’t control the quivering moan that tore from her again. With every thrust, Jake reached a part of her that no man had ever touched before. His thrusts grew more urgent, and he began to pump into her, the strength of his thrusts rocking the bed. Sabrina tightened her hold on him just as her body clamped down fiercely around him.

“Jake!” Her release tore through her with an intensity that left her trembling all over. Tiny white lights flashed behind her closed eyelids. Jake tensed above her before a low growl rumbled close to her ear and he too joined her in sweet oblivion.

In the aftermath, they lay quietly in her bed, pressed closely together. His palm ran down the curve of her back, and her head rested on his shoulder. She lightly traced the outline of a heart over his chest with her finger, both of them awake and savoring the quiet peacefulness that surrounded them.

She hadn’t expected it to be that…intense between them. It was as if he was a part of her now, their bodies and hearts intertwined by the power of their passion and love for each other. Those feelings were as scary as they were exhilarating, and she savored this moment, remembering every breath he took, every small touch.

He was the love of her life, and nothing could come between them.

Placing a finger under her chin, he lifted her face up to his for a long, heady kiss before pulling away.

“Are you okay?”

She nodded, gliding her hand over his muscular arm. “Yes.”

He kissed her again. “Thank you,” he said quietly, rubbing the pad of his thumb across her lower lip. “For everything. And for trusting me with your body.”

She continued running her hand down his arm and chest. “I love you, Jake. Of course, I trust you.”

A slow smile spread across his lips. Without warning, he rolled until she was once again beneath him.

“I’ll never get tired of hearing that.”

He placed light kisses down her neck and shoulders. Her eyes drifted shut at the incredible sensation. Desire began to spread through her once again, and she looped her arms and legs around him.

“Can I show you again how much I love you?”

“Do you have to ask?”

“I’m trying to be a gentleman.” He placed another soft kiss on her neck.

She shivered and tightened her arms around him. “Tonight…” she began on a gasp as he began to gently suck on the tender spot. “Tonight, chivalry is dead.”

He chuckled and for the rest of the night, he demonstrated without words just how much he loved her.



THE END





Thanks for reading!



Rate or review the book at your purchasing site or favorite review site (i.e. Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Goodreads, etc.). Honest reviews are always helpful!



Recommend the book to your family, friends, reader groups, or book clubs.



Share the book with other readers by spreading the word on your favorite social media site.



Thank you!





BECAUSE YOU LOVE ME





Sabrina Monroe and Jake Landon are caught in a tug of war between love and trust. Hurt and angry, Sabrina wants nothing more than to forget about Jake and the fierce love they once shared. A wary, yet determined Jake wants to bury the past and start anew. When old feelings and desires are reawakened, Sabrina struggles to keep her distance—and protect her heart. But it’s a losing battle she’s not even sure she wants to win. With Jake determined to gain back her love, Sabrina is left longing for his trust. In a fight for “all or nothing,” they’ll soon discover that even an imperfect love can triumph over all.



Sneak peek:

“Jake, what are you doing here?”

Jake straightened from the door, looking taller, bigger and more imposing than she remembered. “I was hoping we could talk. Without an audience.”

“About what?”

He gave her a pointed look. “Isn’t it obvious?”

“Actually, no, it’s not.”

He stood there, his whole body stiff with tension, the muscle flexing in his jaw. “So you still hate me?”

Yes. No. Sabrina let out a sigh and slowly walked the short steps to her door. She wouldn’t let him intimidate her. Or let him see how much his presence affected her.

“I don’t know how I feel about you right now,” she confessed, brushing past him. The heat radiating from his body made her arm tingle. She turned to face him, but had to tilt her head back to look directly at him. Up close, his hair was still the same dark brown it had been when they’d first met, and his eyes were still the same dark blue. “All I know is that you disappear for two years, without a word, and then show up as if nothing happened.”

He sighed. “I know. I fucked up,” he admitted, running a hand through his dark hair, not meeting her gaze. “At the time I couldn’t…I didn’t know how to make it right.”

She gave him a measured look. “All you had to do was call me.”

Jake looked down at her with such intensity in his dark blue eyes it almost frightened her. Nervously, she brushed a strand of hair behind her ear. He reached out and lightly brushed the short strands that barely hung pass her chin.

“You cut your hair,” he stated as if suddenly coming to that realization.

She ignored the slight shivers that resulted from his light caress. His leaving had left a painful scar in her heart—a scar he alone was responsible for—and she wasn’t going to let his touch distract her from that pain. She needed it to protect herself from him.

“Why, Jake? Why are you here?”

He leaned down until his face was just inches from hers and said softly, “Because I love you.” Then he kissed her.

He gently brushed his lips across hers. Once, twice, then he lightly rubbed his thumb over her lower lip. She instinctively responded to his stroking and opened her mouth to him. He slipped his tongue between her lips and the sensation was electrifying. Sabrina offered little resistance as he explored her mouth with his, searching and finding, taking and giving. His lips were soft, his mouth hot, and she lost herself in the heady sensation.

Sabrina placed her fists against his chest, not sure whether she wanted to push him away or succumb to her own desire. Though she still ached for him, still loved him, the anguish she barely recovered from swiftly brought her back to her senses. He may still love her, but how could she trust him again?

Pulling away from him, she sucked in some air. “I can’t do this,” she said, more to herself than to him.

Jake released a frustrated growl, his body rigid with sexual tension. “Why not? We both want to.”

She couldn’t deny it. Her reaction to him left her heart pounding and her palms sweaty. Even now, her body warmed up for him. But she wanted more than just a night of guiltless pleasure.

“And then what? You go back to wherever it was you came from and I’m left wondering again what the hell happened?” Try as she might, Sabrina couldn’t forget the woman he’d been having dinner with earlier. “Where’s your redhead?” Sabrina spat. From the set of his jaw, he clearly didn’t like where she was going but she forged on, letting out all of her bitterness and hurt. “Did you come here to finish with me what you couldn’t with her?”

She was yelling now, but she couldn’t help it. Just the thought of him sleeping with another woman made her sick with depression.

Jake stood there, anger and frustration emanating from him in waves. “That was strictly business,” he ground out through gritted teeth. “I’m not seeing or sleeping with her. Or any other woman for that matter.”

Sabrina shook her head and let out a hollow laugh. It had been a long night and was only getting longer. “It doesn’t even matter. We’re not together anymore so you can sleep with all the women in Chicago. I don’t care.”

With keys in hand, Sabrina turned to unlock the door. Her nerves got the better of her however, and the tremors in her hands caused the keys to slip from her fingers.

Bending down to retrieve them, Sabrina didn’t realize how close Jake stood behind her until her bottom pressed firmly against his thick erection. He inhaled sharply just as she jerked upright and away from him. She gripped the keys tightly in her hand, hoping to stop the trembling, but made no second attempt to unlock the door.

The feel of him had brought back a rush of sensation, stirring emotions she had thought long buried. It had been so long and the sensation of him pressed against her was too enticing to ignore. He leaned in closer, effectively trapping her between him and the door, but she didn’t protest. He wrapped an arm around her slender waist and Sabrina gave in, allowing her full weight to fall against him.

“I only want you,” he whispered into her ear. “Just you.”♥



Get more of this story by signing to my mailing list!





ABOUT THE AUTHOR





Lena Hart is a Florida native, currently living in the Harlem edge of New York City. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual interracial romances with a flare of suspense and mystery. When Lena is not busy writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about Lena and her work, visit LenaHartSite.com.



Sign up for her mailing list.

Check out my other books on All Romance eBooks.





Connect with her on…

Blog• Facebook• Goodreads• Twitter• Web





