Bound To Passion

Bound Series: Book 3 - The Interlude





By

Kiru Taye





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and

incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are

used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any

resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or

persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.





Bound to Passion

Previously published as Island Bound

Smashwords Edition

ISBN: 9781311772138

Copyright© 2016 Kiru Taye

Editor: Zee Monodee

Cover Artist: Love Bites and Silk





All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used

or reproduced electronically or in print without written

permission, except in the case of brief quotations

embodied in reviews.





Kiru Taye

www.kirutaye.com





Blurb





When Christy Inemi-Spiff discovers that the man she vowed to love and honor has no such feelings for her, she’s determined to cut her losses and move on with her life. A quick, quiet divorce is all she wishes for Christmas.

However, Joshua has other ideas. He’s not ready to walk away yet, especially when he doesn’t understand why Christy wants out of their marriage. So he demands she agree to spend a quiet Christmas on a remote African Island with him, hoping they can salvage their relationship. If she still wants a divorce after these two weeks, he will let her go. But not before he’s had his fill of her.

But with the sparking tension between them, and the secrets behind the disintegration of their marriage threatening to explode, will either of them get their wish? Or will this season of good will show them what really lies at the bottom of their hearts?





Author's Note





Dear Readers:

Bound To Passion is provided as an interlude in the Bound Series. This book has been previously published as Island Bound, so if you've read Island Bound, there's no new content per se. If you are new to the Bound series, I hope you enjoy this holiday novella and check out the other exciting books in the series: Bound to Fate and Bound to Ransom.

Bound to Liberty, James Coker's story is coming soon.





Dedication





This story is dedicated to all those struggling with their marriages. I hope you get your second chance.





Chapter One





Joshua Inemi-Spiff waited outside, ready to confront his future. The late afternoon December sun kissed his back with heat rays. On reflex, he rolled his shoulders and massaged his neck with his right hand.

To pace the paved driveway was madness when he had a sleek, cool car parked meters away. Or even better, an air-conditioned office with piles of work waiting for his attention.

Yet, he endured the sweat-inducing temperature, the seasonal cooling harmattan winds from the Sahara playing elusive. The raison d’être? An envelope and its alarming contents. A simple correspondence, black ink on off-white, letter-headed paper. Words typed out by an efficient legal clerk. Effective. Destructive.

The apartment building before him was less than a year old, one of several in a new up-market estate in Abuja that boasted a leisure centre, tennis and basketball courts, and a golf course. Lucky for him, the security men at the gates had been impressed with his BMW M6 Coupe and classy appearance; they’d let him in. Otherwise, he would’ve required an appointment to visit one of the residents.

With an impatient flick of his wrist, he glanced at his watch. The ticking of the second hand of the Carrera chronograph mocked his edginess. He’d only been waiting five minutes for a response to his persistent buzzing of the door bell. Fortitude was supposed to be one of his best qualities. Though, not at this moment.

The oak-timber front door to the ground-floor apartment swung inward. Christy stood at the entrance. Clear brown eyes he didn’t think he could ever forget stared back at him. Her auburn Afro hair hung loose in twisted curls and dangled around her shoulders, with a rose petal pin holding back one side. Her luscious lips were curved in an unwelcoming scowl.

“Joshua,” she said in a breathy, soft voice that still played a lusty role in his dreams. “What are you doing here?”

Without haste, he trawled his gaze across her body from head to toe in admiration. She hadn’t changed a bit in appearance since he last saw her. Dressed in a grey halter-neck top and orange/grey Ankara print skirt, she had the same flawless, oval-shaped face with a skin tone that reminded him of tasty caramel. The same bountiful, graceful curves in the right places, and long legs he’d like to wrap around his hips.

When she contemplated the brown envelope in his hand, recognition sparked in her eyes. She pulled her bottom lip with her teeth. A sure indication of her nervousness. Since she’d instigated the contents of the packet and their implications, she should be worried.

“Are you going to let me in, Christy?”

“I’m not sure that’s a good idea. What’s this about?”

“I think you know.” He lifted his arm, bringing the envelope up to her eye level. “We need to talk.”

She took another swipe at her lip with her teeth and backed away with slow steps, offering him a reluctant invitation.

Joshua walked into the airy hallway and shut the door. He followed her into the living room, his gaze riveted to the gentle sway of her rounded hips luring him closer to her.

To keep himself in check, he diverted his attention to the room, furnished in pure Christy style—pastel-colored curtains and cushions, cream-upholstered sofa and chairs, round coffee table with a light pink glass top. So similar to how she’d furnished their home.

Memories of the two of them smashed into his mind. Pictures he couldn’t escape or blank out. Christy in his arms, soft and fragrant; on his bed, warm and welcoming. Joshua coming home one day to a cold and empty house. Devoid of Christy.

The pain of her departure had triggered other buried emotions. Feelings he hadn’t dealt with in years. Loss. Grief. The only way he’d been able to cope had been to board up his heart, to ignore Christy.

Now standing only strides away from her, the floral scent of her perfume danced around him in an evocative waltz. The ache re-emerged, frighteningly fiercer and almost unbearable, leaving him with a hollow throbbing in his gut.

“Why don’t you come home?” he asked gently, the roughness of his voice betraying his vulnerability. She was his one weakness.

Sometimes, he wondered if she knew it.

She folded her arms across her chest. “You know why,” she said before sitting in the corner of the sofa.

Her inflexible response made him stiffen his stance, cold fury wrapping his momentary fear in ice. However, it didn’t stop his body’s response to the fire in her eyes. Desire swelled within him with the vigor of a high-voltage electric power surge. The rise of Christy’s emotions always had the power to arouse him.

He sat down beside her. She moved to stand. He clamped his hand on her thigh, keeping her pinned to the sofa, letting her heat brand him.

She turned to him. As she drew in breaths, her full chest rose and fell in a rapid rhythm. She worried her lips again with her teeth, drawing his attention to their lush plumpness.

The urge to crush their silkiness against his mouth rose as he remembered all the times they’d been intimate. Her softness. Her moans. Her passion. Everything else faded away. It had always been them against the world. Yet, all that had changed when she left him.

He ignored the persistent urge of his desire and removed his hand from her thigh.

“I don’t know why,” he replied instead. “All you said was that you needed a break. That was three months ago.”

In a flash, she rose and walked away from the sofa. From him. Again. The stinging emptiness returned. It took a chunk out of his self-control not to reach out and pull her back beside him. Not to hold on to her and never let her out of his sight.

Her skirt swirled around her knees as she pivoted to face him, her arms back under her chest, lifting her breasts into prominence.

“Yes, I needed a break,” she said. “You and I are not working out. There’s no point prolonging the agony. I thought that was why you came here.”

Regret washed over him, its bitterness souring his mouth. He knew then he should have kissed her. He should have never let her leave their home. He should’ve stopped her, spent more time with her, and done whatever he needed to persuade her to stay.

Joshua got up and strode in a different direction from where Christy stood, stuffing his hands into his trouser pockets. Otherwise, he would reach for her. All consequences be damned.

“I came here to talk to you.” He looked at her, and their unrelenting gazes clashed. “To make you see sense and come home.”

“I don’t think there’s anything to talk about,” she retorted.

He took a couple of long strides toward her but stopped just out of touching range. Any closer and the passion between them would likely combust in an instant. Their lovemaking had always been fiery—one of the things about their relationship that had worked so well. He hadn’t touched her in three long months. If he did now, it wouldn’t stop there. He would have to take her. Right here.

“You’re my wife,” he said in a calm voice that hid the depth of his fury at her. “I don’t know what’s come over you, but we need to discuss this.”

Christy had always been bold and strong-willed. As a teenager, her willful rebelliousness had been amusing to watch at times. Yet, her bravery and compassion had attracted him to her.

Even now after all these years since they first met, Joshua was still as attracted to this defiant young woman as he had been to the determined teenager. He’d seen through her rebellion as a mask for her loneliness as an only child, a feeling he was familiar with. In Christy, he’d thought he’d found a kindred spirit. Had he been wrong all along?

“Joshua, when I left three months ago, you didn’t stop me. Why does it matter now?” Christy curled her lips in a skeptical pout.

She had him there. He should’ve never let things get this bad. Still, her decision to move out of their home had come at the worst possible time. He’d been distracted with urgent business issues. The consequences would’ve been catastrophic if he hadn’t dealt with them at the time.

The fact that he’d dismissed her impromptu action as whimsical had obviously not helped matters. Her actions had annoyed him, but he’d hoped she’d realize their futility and come home.

But this? Another wave of rage passed through him. He fought the urge to scrunch the brown envelope in his hand and tossed it on the table instead.

“Is there someone else?”

He couldn’t resist asking the question though he dreaded the answer. The thought of Christy with another man would make him insane. Insanity led to crazy things like murder. And murder was illegal. Shame.

She reared back as if he’d hit her. “You think this is about another man? You think I’m seeing someone else?”

“Well, I don’t know what to think, Christy.” He waved both hands in the air. “You’ve refused to speak to me in so long. Even your parents are worried about you.”

“I should’ve known you’d gang up with my parents,” she snapped.

“No one is ganging up against you. We’re just worried,” he countered in frustration.

“There’s no need to be. I’m grown up. I know my own mind. And what I want is outlined in that document.” She pointed to the envelope on the table.

All warmth and reason drained from him. He pursed his lips in a grim line as he watched Christy’s expression. Her chin was tilted up, her eyes blazing. She meant her words.

“A divorce? You really want a divorce?”

His speech left his lips in an icy tone, drawn from the chip of iceberg that seemed to have replaced his heart.

“Yes.”

Divorce was one thing he’d never reckoned on until the letter landed on his desk today. The syllables carried a ring of finality like death—irreversible once done, and leaving the survivor with only sorrow and pain. He wasn’t going there again. The sudden loss of his parents and their love, in his youth, was all the anguish he could bear in one lifetime.

“Why?” At first, he’d thought the letter was a mistake, perhaps Christy’s way of getting his attention. Now he knew she’d meant it. He inhaled a deep breath to clear the haze of rage.

“Because you don’t love me.”

A hollow laugh rattled through him, echoing the emptiness that threatened to devour him.

“You want to end our marriage because you think I don’t love you?” He couldn’t hide the incredulity from his voice.

“I know you don’t love me.”

“Oh, you know. Right.” Stunned, he stiffened his spine. After eight years, she could turn around and tell him that? “So if you know everything, why does it suddenly matter now? We were together for so many years before we got married. Why now?”

“Because we’re married, and I expect my husband to love me.”

He shook his head in disbelief. “I’m not going to argue with you, Christy. I don’t want a divorce.”

For the first time, her demeanor lost its confident fire. She brushed back her hair several times and rubbed the back of her neck.

“Joshua, you know our marriage isn’t working out. I don’t want anything from you. I just want out.”

On any other given day, the softness of her tone would have appealed to his compassionate side. Right now, his heart had frozen for protective reasons. Nothing within him responded to her plea.

“You haven’t even given our marriage a chance.” Now, he folded his arms across his chest, mirroring her previous unyielding stance.

“What’s the point? Nothing will change between us.” She lifted her hand toward him in a petition.

He ignored it, and she let it fall to her side.

“You think there’s no point? Well, read my lips. I. Won’t. Give. You. A. Divorce.”

“In that case, I’ll see you in court.” She lifted her chin, the boldness that was pure Christy back again.

“Yeah. Good luck with that,” he said, his tone laced with derision. “Let’s see how any Nigerian court will grant you a divorce when you have no basis for requesting it in the first place.”

Weariness seeped into his bones. The last few months had been taxing, not just with worry about Christy but about their family and business interests.

All of a sudden, he couldn’t stand being there anymore, couldn’t stand their argument. Arguing with Christy would get neither of them any closer to their individual goals. They’d argued before but it’d never been this bad. One person usually caved in, mostly him.

No way was he letting her have her own way this time with so much at stake.

He snatched up the envelope and, after stuffing it in his pocket, walked toward the door.

The sound of Christy’s faint sigh reached his ears before she spoke.

“Please, Joshua. Just tell me what you want.”

Her soft entreaty stopped him in his tracks.

“And don’t say come home. I’ll do anything but that.”

Joshua turned to face her. She bit her bottom lip again and darted her gaze away. He sensed her desperation, almost tasted it.

“Anything?”

“Yes.” She nodded.

In any other circumstance, he’d consider it unfair to take advantage of a desperate woman. But this situation wasn’t normal. It required drastic action. All’s fair in love and war.

“Come here,” he said.

She glanced up at him, her face creasing in a frown. If the situation wasn’t so serious, he would’ve smiled. For years, he’d allowed Christy free rein over their relationship. The only child of wealthy parents, she’d had a privileged upbringing. Joshua hadn’t quelled that tendency, wanting to provide all she desired. Watching the delightful smile on her face had always given him pleasure.

This time, granting her wish would destroy everything he’d—they’d—worked hard to build over the last few years. He couldn’t let that happen.

Time to reverse the trend.

“Do I need to repeat myself?” He lowered his tone by another octave, ensuring she didn’t miss the authority in his voice.

“No.”

The confused expression didn’t leave her face as she walked toward him. Her bewilderment was no mystery. That he’d ignored her for three months didn’t mean he didn’t know how to push her buttons. Or that he’d lost a sense of himself.

He was still in command of his life and their relationship. His role was to care for her. She would have to get used to it.

She halted before him and tugged her lip some more with her teeth. With slumped shoulders, she heaved a sigh—the slow drawn out breath weighted with resignation. His heart clenched at the sight of a seemingly subdued Christy. He ignored the appealing ache begging his concession. He couldn’t allow any distractions now.

“Kiss me,” he said.

Panic swam in the depths of her eyes as she searched his face for something he wasn’t sure of. “Joshua, I don’t think—”

“You don’t have to think. All you have to do is obey me…if you want the divorce.”

She brushed her hair back, giving him a glare that should’ve set his blood on fire. Suppressing a smile, he maintained a stern demeanor, refusing to back down. Here stood the Christy he knew. She shifted her weight from one leg to the other with her arms akimbo.

“If I do what you want, you’ll consent to the divorce?”

“Yes. If you do everything I say.”

“Within reason,” she retorted.

“Of course.” He shrugged. “I’m a reasonable man.”

She nodded. Then she put her hands on his shoulders and lifted herself on her toes. The speed of her assent baffled him. Christy didn’t usually give in so quickly if she didn’t want something.

Perhaps she’d yearned to kiss him all along.

From the moment she brushed her soft lips against his, the world around them combusted. The stockpile of desire from the past few months overwhelmed his body, setting his blood on fire. He couldn’t remember a time when things were different between them. When they didn’t have this raw heat of burning passion that consumed both of them with need for each other. No other woman ever made him feel this way.

Even after the separation, their ardor hadn’t waned. He didn’t think it’d ever change.

When she blew a breath against his lips, he tangled one hand in her kinky hair and splayed the other across her round behind. Tilting her head back, he took over the kiss. He swept his tongue across her lips before delving into their partition, a man starved of her delightfully succulent bounty. With his tongue, he razed and subjugated her mouth. With his lips, he drank, fueling his already raging cravings.

She swayed into him, her grip on his shoulders tightening. Her scent intoxicated him and threatened to drive him over the edge. Urging him to take her, to spread her on the sofa and show her what she’d been missing. What she’d miss, if she got what she was asking for. To remind her of the pleasure she’d been denying him—them—these long months.

Instead, he released her and stepped back, his movement brusque. He didn’t care. If he didn’t stop now, they’d be on the sofa with him inside her within a matter of moments. They’d both have pleasure and satisfaction. But only temporarily.

What he had in mind fitted more into the long term.

“I’m going to Brass Island for the festivities and you’re coming with me,” he said as he tried to control his fast, shallow breathing.

She appeared dazed and a blush colored her cheeks.

“I have other plans for Christmas,” she replied, sounding out of breath. Same as him.

“Cancel them. I’ll call you to confirm travel arrangements.”

“Fine. I’ll cancel.” She twisted her lips in displeasure.

He ignored her sulk. “If you say this relationship is over, then I want two weeks with you to get you out of my system. No friends or family. Just the sun, sea, and sand to distract us. After that, I’ll sign your divorce papers. Agreed?”

“Yes.”

“Good. I’ll see myself out.”

He strode away from her, into the hot sunshine before he did something he’d truly regret. Like grabbing Christy and shaking her until she recanted her words and confessed that this had all been a mistake. Otherwise, knowing she’d agreed to his demand so easily only meant she wanted him gone—out of her life.

Information so corrosive to his well-being, like salt on an open wound. He almost doubled over as his gut wrenched.

Within the confines of his car, he unleashed an angry growl, turning his pain into determination. If Christy wanted to get rid of him, he’d give her two weeks she’d never forget.





Chapter Two





As soon as she shut the door behind Joshua, Christy flopped on the sofa, mental exhaustion getting the better of her. She clutched her quivering palm on her chest, feeling the thumping of her heart as it raced. Time distorted—seconds seeming like minutes, minutes like hours. Eventually, her sprinting heart calmed and her body’s trembling stopped.

She had tapped into every ounce of strength she possessed not to crumble in Joshua’s presence.

How could she have looked at the only man she’d ever loved—her husband—and asked him for a divorce? The only man who’d ever held her heart, whose graze of a touch could melt her insides into a puddle of need, whose kiss could set her on fire.

Wanting to evade the confrontation, she’d instructed her lawyer to write the letter, hoping to avoid having to deal with Joshua directly. After his nonchalant attitude when she’d moved out of their home, she’d assumed he would be content for her to instigate divorce proceedings.

How wrong she’d been.

The Joshua who turned up at her apartment was anything but content. The harsh slash of his firm lips, the sharp slant of his black eyes, and the rigidity of his masculine poise all magnified his barely concealed displeasure.

Yet, his discontentment hadn’t hidden the man she knew—wildly masculine, fiercely dominant, and sexy as hell.

From the moment she’d opened the door to him, she’d been in trouble and had tried to hide her body’s response to his presence. In the privacy of her mind, she could admit honestly—she’d wanted him to hold her. Love her again.

She’d missed him.

Still, she couldn’t forget what she knew. She’d only managed to cope by focusing on her anger.

Finding out the truth had been the most heart-breaking thing she’d ever had to endure; her devastation made worse because Joshua wasn’t just her husband. He’d been her best friend, her confidant. The one person she thought she could rely on when everyone else let her down.

Theirs hadn’t been a whirlwind affair. They’d been friends long before they became lovers. Tragic family events had brought them together. Yet, their mutual admiration and respect for each other had sustained their relationship, even through periods of separation when she’d been at university abroad.

His constant devotion had made her think he loved her and wanted a permanent future with her.

Once she’d discovered the truth about Joshua and their marriage, her world had collapsed. She was alone. He had never been in her corner, never been the champion she’d made him out to be.

Marriage had stripped their relationship of its thin, rose-tinted coating, and bared their monochromatic existence for what it was. A sham.

To cope with her distress, she’d walked away from their marital home and the man she loved. She couldn’t live a lie, couldn’t pretend that everything was all right when she was dying slowly inside.

Christy closed her eyes, fighting back the tears that threatened to spill out. A wistful feeling made her heart as heavy as lead. As she inhaled deeply to soothe herself, the remnant, lingering hint of Joshua’s cologne filled her lungs and transported her back to the eventful summer when everything changed between them. A time when she’d had little worries except planning a party.

That sunny afternoon, Christy and her best friend had sat outside in the gazebo in Christy’s family home garden in Ikoyi, a suburb of Lagos, discussing her upcoming eighteenth birthday.

“Your party is going to be so fabulous,” Gloria Rawlins said, before picking up the glass of mojito, sans rum.

Though she had her moments, she wasn’t crazy enough to offer her friends alcohol from her parents’ cabinet.

“It’s not every day that I get to turn eighteen.” Christy took a sip from her glass. “Plus, it’s also a send-off party before I travel to London.”

“You know, I so wish I was going to London, too, but my father doesn’t want to hear it. Sometimes, that man really drives me crazy.”

“Girl, you know what I’ve had to do to get my father to agree.” Christy put her glass back on the round wooden table. “It hasn’t been easy at all. I had to shelf all my partying this year so I could get the top marks my parents specified. Otherwise, I would’ve sat my ass down right here.”

“You tried, sha.” Gloria emphasized her surprise at Christy’s achievement with the use of the slang, something they did in their parents’ absences.

Christy’s father was autocratic when it came to her speaking perfect English.

I don’t pay a fortune for your education for you to speak like a bus tout was a popular refrain of his. She suppressed a smile at the thought.

“But how did you manage those grades?” Gloria asked. “Or did you pay someone for your results?”

“I had a secret weapon. Joshua. Without him, I don’t think I would’ve done so well.”

“Ha. You kept that one hidden. Who is Joshua?”

“He’s just a family friend. He helped coach me on some subjects for my exams.”

“Oya, gist me. What is he like, this Joshua? Is he young, handsome, and single?”

Both girls giggled, Christy nearly spilling the sip of mojito in her mouth that she’d just taken as she laughed. “He’s young and handsome. But I don’t know if he has a girlfriend.”

“You mean the two of you are not together.” Gloria raised her eyebrows and peered at her suspiciously.

“It’s not like that between us. He’s not a kid, you know. He’s already done his Youth Service. We’re just friends.” Christy shrugged.

Hearing the clangs of metal as the gateman opened the pedestrian gate, she looked in that direction. Joshua strode in and headed toward the front door.

Without much thought, Christy pushed back her chair and stood. “Talk of the devil.”

“Is that him? Is that Joshua?” Gloria’s jaw dropped.

“Yes.” She nodded.

“He’s hot.”

Christy smiled after hearing Gloria gasp in awe.

Joshua had the presence of a prime red-blooded hot male specimen. With skin the color of roasted coffee beans and a body jam-packed with hard muscles, he was a girl’s sweet dream. Today, he had dressed in a button down sky-blue shirt and navy trousers. The sun glinted off the silver cufflinks on his wrists, catching her eyes. One thing about Joshua, he was always smartly attired, even on a day like today, Saturday. And his black shoes shone from the polish.

His presence always left her out of breath.

“Joshua is the definition of hotness. That’s for sure.”

“You can say that again. Phew.” Gloria fanned her face with her hands.

Compelled, she walked off in Joshua’s direction, intercepting him before he reached the front entrance. Anytime he was around, she loved being close to him.

He seemed lost in thought, not noticing her until she stood almost before him.

“Hi, Joshua,” she said, beaming him a smile as her pulse raced.

“Oh. Hi, Christy. How are you?” His face lit up.

Her heart skipped a beat. He had the most glorious laughter lines in any man she’d seen. His cheeks dipped in just by his lips, giving him a boyish dimple. His commanding grin had the power to subdue her. She would do anything for him. Shame he never asked her.

“I’m doing well, thanks,” Christy replied and twisted a loose strand of her hair as her nerves got the better of her. She was usually a bold girl. But with Joshua she became timid. She could stand there just watching him all day, lost in the depth of his mesmerizing onyx eyes.

A tug on her arm from her friend reminded her where she was, and she shifted her weight to her other leg. “Oh, this is my friend. Gloria, this is Joshua.”

“Nice to meet you.” They shook hands. “Christy, your dad wanted to see me, so I better head in. Perhaps I’ll see you girls later.”

“Ok. I’ll see you later,” Christy said, disappointment washing over her because he hadn’t come to visit her. Then again, now that he’d succeeded in helping her pass her examinations, there was no need for them to hang out anymore. Unbidden, her sadness increased at the thought. She wanted to spend more time with him.

He flashed then a set of dazzling white teeth before going through the doorway. The girls strolled back to the gazebo, Christy’s footsteps less certain.

“Did you say the two of you are not together? You like him, don’t you?” Gloria asked with a frown.

“I do, but what would be the point, anyway?” Christy lifted her shoulders in a resigned shrug. “I’m heading off to London soon.”

“If I were you, I wouldn’t leave without at least finding out if he’s interested.”

“You may be right. But he recently lost his parents in an accident. I’m not sure he’ll want to get involved.”

“Talk to him, anyway. You never know.”

The ring of Gloria’s phone chimed in before Christy could reply. A timely occurrence as Christy didn’t feel particularly confident about sharing her feelings with Gloria.

Though they’d gotten closer since he started tutoring her, he’d never indicated she mattered to him in any non-platonic way. Not knowing Joshua’s thoughts about her made her doubly worried. But Gloria was right. She needed to know before she went away.

“I’ve got to go. My stepmother wants me to pop into the mall for her,” Gloria said before lowering her voice to a conspiratorial level. “And I’m going to stop by and see Ike. Do you want to come along?”

“No,” Christy replied. “I think I should stay and talk to Joshua. I feel I should.”

“Good idea and good luck. You’ll have to gist me what happens later.”

Gloria winked at her before getting into the Toyota RAV4. Christy waved her off as the gateman opened the gates. As she waited for Joshua to come out, a nervous shiver slid down her back. Funny, no one else had elicited such a response from her before now. Usually comfortable in the company of boys, she was never short of requests for dates. The boys would ask her out and she’d say no. She’d never met one to whom she could relate to in that way.

Until Joshua.

Perhaps the age gap between her and Joshua made her feel inadequate. She would turn eighteen in a few days and he was twenty-four, older than the boys who usually asked her out. He was a man, not a boy.

Was he out of her league? She would have to find out.

Waiting for Joshua wore on her already jittery nerves. Her mind could only accommodate one thought—Joshua.

When she thought she couldn’t wait any longer after about half an hour, Joshua came outside. She offered him some of the cocktail. He sat down opposite her, sipping his drink. She was too tongue-tied to even make polite conversation, as her pulse started racing again.

“I hear you’re off to London soon,” Joshua said. “Congratulations for scoring a place at the College of Fashion. I know how much you wanted it.”

“Thank you.” She paused as she smiled shyly. “I don’t think I would have made it without your help. So thank you, again.”

“You’re welcome. I loved helping you. I wanted you to achieve your dreams of becoming a renowned fashion designer.”

“Really?”

“Yes. You talked about it so much. How your heart has always been in fashion instead of manufacturing like your father wants. Did you think I didn’t listen to all your complaints about your parents pushing you in a different direction from what you wanted?”

“Oh,” was all she could manage, truly stunned by his words.

“Let me tell you a secret.” He lowered his voice but kept smiling at her. “Months ago, I had a chat with your dad and we struck a bargain. If I helped you make your exam grades, he would allow you to go to the university of your choice and study the course you want.”

“What? You did that?” Her heart caught in her throat, choking her with surprise. She stared at him mouth agape.

“Yes.”

“What if I had failed?”

“I knew you wouldn’t. I believed in your abilities.”

She stood and paced as a thousand thoughts crossed her mind. “I really can’t believe you did that. You helped me a lot more than I thought.”

A lot more than any of her friends had ever done for her. Before she could think better of it, she stooped and wrapped her arms around his shoulders in a hug. “Thank you,” she whispered, a lump clogging her throat.

“It’s okay,” he said.

His shoulders lifted in a shrug as she held him, and she leaned back. She looked into his eyes but couldn’t decipher the emotion in their dark depths. Did he see her as a younger sibling? It would account for his behavior. What she wanted from Joshua was a lot more than brotherly love.

“Why would you do such a thing for me?” she had to ask, her fingers crossed in her mind as she hoped he cared for her as much as she did for him.

Joshua stood. Close. In the shaded cool of the gazebo, his warmth radiated toward her, enclosing her with the scent of his aftershave. She remained still, and concentrated on regulating her breathing.

“Christy, I care about you,” he said. “I didn’t like seeing you upset, so I did something about it.”

She lifted her lips in a warm smile. He wasn’t confessing undying love, but he’d said more than she expected already.

“Thank you,” she whispered, folding her suddenly clammy palms together. “It’s more than any of my friends have ever done for me.”

“I have news of my own,” he said. “Your dad has offered me a job at his company. That’s why he asked to see me.”

“Wow. That’s great. Congratulations.”

She gave him another hug. This time, because he was standing, their bodies were fully aligned. She took advantage and moved closer, pressing against the hard planes and ridges of his chest and thighs.

To her surprise, he didn’t push her away. She stayed in his embrace a little longer than was necessary, savoring the feel of him.

He coughed. She retreated. As she moved to step away, he pulled her back into his embrace and kissed her. Their first kiss, a brief brush of sensuous lips, chaste and over before she could even respond properly. Yet, the effect lingered, melting her bones and making her yearn for more. Good thing he held on to her arms, his strong fingers keeping her upright when her knees would have given way.

“I’ll miss you when you go away. I hope you’ll keep in touch.”

His voice sounded a little deeper than usual, and its vibrations rumbled in her stomach. Euphoria lifted her spirits so she floated on air, virtually.

“Sure. I’ll call, email, and we can chat online. You won’t be able to get rid of me,” she rattled on, her body filled with so much joy she could’ve danced on the spot. “But you’ll come to my party, right?”

“If I’m invited.” He gave her a lopsided grin.

“Of course, you’re invited.”

Their relationship changed from that moment. When Joshua came to her party, she made him promise to wait for her return.

He did.

While she was in London, they kept in touch almost on a daily basis. During her long vacations, she travelled back to Nigeria. He became an integral part of her life, one person she couldn’t do without. Once she graduated and returned home to set up her own fashion house, they got engaged and eventually married. Naturally.

All the while she’d assumed he loved her. Until—

Her phone buzzed and distracted her from her melancholic thoughts, pulling her back into the present and her living room. She recognized the caller ID. Her mother.

Had Joshua already called her parents to tell them about the divorce? Her temper rose even before she picked the call.

“Mum, if you’ve called to give me a hard time, I don’t want to hear it.”

“Christy! Is that any way to greet your mother?”

She exhaled a soothing breath. “I’m sorry, Mum. I’m just a little wound up. I didn’t mean to be rude.”

“You should be. These days, everyone has to walk on eggshells around you. What is the matter with you? I wish you’d talk to me.”

Christy slumped her shoulders and leaned back into the sofa. Most of the time, her mother was the gentler parent, choosing a softer approach to dealing with problems, unlike her father who could be unrelenting. But when her mum got upset, the woman turned into a harridan.

That the deterioration of Christy’s marriage made her feel under siege didn’t help matters. She took it out on those around her, always on the offensive, expecting her parents to interpret her actions as rebellious, like they always did.

“Christy, talk to me.”

“Mum, have you spoken to Joshua lately?”

“No. It’s been over a week since I spoke to him. It seems he’s avoiding me as well these days. This thing between the two of you is really affecting everyone. You both need to settle it, so we can all get on with our lives.”

“Well…. We are going to settle it. I’ve spoken to my lawyer and asked Joshua for a divorce.”

“You did what?” Strained silence fell on the line, the tension thick. When her mother spoke again, her tone was surprisingly calm. Too calm. “Christy, I don’t think I heard you right. Did you say you asked Joshua for a divorce?”

“Yes, Mum.”

“Are you out of your mind? Why?”

Christy reined in her frustration as she took another deep breath. She’d known what reaction to expect, which was why she hadn’t told her parents of her plans.

“Mum, I’ve tried to explain this before. Joshua doesn’t love me. He only married me to please Dad, to strengthen our family ties or something.”

“Rubbish. Who told you such nonsense?”

“I overheard Dad speaking to Joshua a few months ago. I heard Dad say it.”

“I don’t believe that,” her mother said. “Joshua cares about you. Your father couldn’t have persuaded him to marry you if this wasn’t what he already wanted to do.”

“Yes, but marrying the daughter of Chief Julius Godson would help him build his career and business,” Christy said, sadness crawling over her. “That’s all I’ve ever been to Joshua. A means to an end.”

“Hmmm…. This is unbelievable. Have you spoken to Joshua about this?”

“Yes, he left here not so long ago. As seems to be the norm these days, we just argued when I confronted him.”

“I still can’t believe it. You both need to come down to Lagos for Christmas so that we can sort this out once and for all.”

“Erm…. Joshua and I are going to Brass Island for the festivities. I tried to disagree but he insisted.”

“Oh, that’s even better.”

The hope in her mother’s voice softened her tone. She sounded more like the easy-going parent Christy loved.

“The two of you can have time away from work and everything to really work out your problems. I won’t lie to you. I hope you’re wrong because Joshua has become a part of this family, a son. We love you, but we love him, too.”

Her heart clenched with a tinge of sorrow. Her parents had taken to Joshua like he was their blood, especially her mum. Her mother had struggled to conceive another child. But to no avail. Joshua was the son she’d yearned for. Christy hoped she was wrong about Joshua if only to save her mother the pain their divorce would bring. But no matter how much her heart wanted it to be so, the cold hard facts about her husband were irrefutable.

“I’ll let you know once he confirms arrangements,” she said. “Give my love to Dad.”

“Okay. I will. Take care of yourself. And the break will be good for you. You’ll see.”

How unlikely that would be. A relieved sigh rushed out of her as her mother cut the line, glad to let go of the strain of their conversation. Still, she couldn’t shake the feeling of impending stress. Spending two weeks with the man she loved, and who didn’t love her back, couldn’t be a good thing. Especially when she’d agreed to cede control to him.

Not good at all.

However, she wasn’t going to let Joshua get the better of her again. Once bitten, twice shy. If he expected her to roll over and play dead, he had another think coming.





Chapter Three





Joshua knew that playing the family card would work with Christy. Within his soul lived a necessity to preserve his family. He recognized the same need in her.

Behind her rebellion and anger, she loved her family with immense passion.

So mentioning how her irrational behavior had upset her parents would prick her conscience. She wouldn’t want anything to hurt them.

Standing outside her apartment building, he watched as she walked into the bright afternoon light. He’d purposely not gone inside when he arrived and chosen to wait for her by the car. As they were catching a flight, he’d chosen a chauffeur from the company fleet instead of driving himself.

She dragged a medium-sized blue suitcase, which his driver took and placed in the boot of the vehicle. She wasn’t altogether happy to be coming with him on this trip. Yet, as she approached him, her features showed none of the vexation he expected. With the regal tilt of her head and her elegant strides, only one word came to mind to describe her appearance—stunning.

She wore high-waist, blue and brown Ankara bell-bottoms, and a short, navy linen jacket with a white tank top. One of her designs from Christy’s House of Fashion, classy and stylish—he’d seen the original sketches when he’d arrived home unannounced one lunchtime. They’d spent the rest of the day making love and working together; he on his laptop, and she with her sketch pad. That had been before she’d opened her boutique and before the phenomenal growth of his business. Their cares had been simple then, mainly each other and their dreams. Now, their individual successes had driven them apart.

Mentally, he shook his head, wiping the past and focusing on the present—Christy striding toward him, boldly and confidently, in leather high heels, with her auburn hair shining in the sunlight.

Perhaps if she hadn’t become a designer, she would’ve had a great modeling career. But her body wasn’t skinny like some of the girls on the magazine covers. Christy had the full body and grace of a woman, an African woman.

For a moment, his gut tingled. Not from desire, but remorse. All the time he’d spent away from her, working hard to build a future for them—she’d been neglected.

Then he thought of all the things she’d had in her life. The wealth. The privileges. Joshua had worked hard so she could keep having those.

Did that make him the enemy?

“I see you’re eager to spend time with me,” he said when she reached his side.

The line on her jaw tightened. “Where exactly are we going to be staying in Brass?”

“Godson Villa.”

“What? My dad told you to stay there?”

“No.”

“What then?”

“When was the last time you went there? To the island?” Joshua asked.





Christy kept her eyes narrowed as she scrutinized Joshua’s hard but handsome face. The harsh lines of his dark eyebrows, the neatly trimmed moustache, and the piercing black eyes were almost flawless. Except, Joshua wasn’t some perfect choir boy. He had restless energy beneath the suave exterior, a wild masculinity that wouldn’t be tamed, waiting to be unleashed.

“I don’t know,” she said. “A few years. Not since I came back from London.”

“Hmmm.”

His non-answer flared her temper. All her life, her parents had owned Godson Villa. An old white colonial building, it had been part of the former British consulate on the island. All her childhood family Christmas holidays had been spent in that house.

Joshua held the car door open. “Perhaps you should have enquired about the place before now?”

“What is that supposed to mean?” She gave him her most scathing glance before getting into the car.

Joshua got in after her, and shut the door. “It means it’s now mine.”

The car slid forward, toward the airport.

Scrunching her forehead in a baffled frown, Christy twisted her body to face Joshua who sat only inches away from her in the back seat of the Mercedes GL. “I don’t get you.”

“I bought the villa.”

His aloof, dismissive tone could only mean one thing: he didn’t care.

He neither cared about the house that had been a part of her life for as long as she could remember, nor did he care about how she’d feel about losing a place that held so many fond memories for her.

Christy reared back into her seat as a shot of pain speared through her body. She tightened her grip on her shoulder bag handle as her throat clogged up.

Joshua touched her shoulder. “Are you okay? You look pale.”

His hand on her skin held warmth, firmness, and an enveloping intimacy even through her blazer. It took her back to that youthful summer when he’d first held her closely. When all she’d yearned for was the feel of his hands on her skin and the brush of his lips on hers.

Self-loathing swept through her body. All these years, why hadn’t she seen through Joshua? Why had she allowed his charming exterior to lure her into falling for him? His sensual caresses had been impossible to resist.

Forcing air into her lungs with huge gulps, she lifted and rolled her shoulder to shake his hand off.

“Don’t touch me.”

Joshua arched his eyebrows and removed his hand. “Why?”

Christy fought the revulsion that threatened to make her heave, horrified that she was so easily persuaded, so easily deceived. With what she knew, she should never have agreed to do this. Never agreed to put herself in Joshua’s care for the next two weeks. So he could have more opportunities to tempt her with seductive words and erotic dexterity. How was she going to survive without losing her mind?

“Because you’re a liar. My father would never have sold you that place.”

“Don’t be so certain.”

The coldness of Joshua’s voice made her turn to face him.

“So tell me why he would sell the place that’s been in the family for years?”

“Perhaps you should ask him that question yourself.”

“Oh, don’t worry.” She paused, trying to stay calm, but her simmering anger went on the boil and got the better of her. “You don’t know how much I hate you right now.”

“Hate?”

She laughed, the noise as raw in her chest as it sounded. Her insides heated with emotion, bubbling with corrosive pain that ate chunks of her by the second.

“Yes.” She stared straight into his eyes, letting him see the rage burning within her. “I don’t know what kind of trickery you used to acquire our house.”

“You hate me because I bought Godson Villa?”

“No. I hate you because it wasn’t enough for you to deceive me. You had to deceive my parents, too.”

She couldn’t believe that after all her parents had done for Joshua, loved him like their own, he would stoop to these levels.

“I’ll take the blame for the purchase of the house. But I can’t accept the blame for the rest of it.” He shrugged. “I can’t be held responsible for your father’s decisions.”

She closed her eyes, held the pain in, holding tight onto what remained of her control.

But her senses heightened with her eyes closed, making everything worse. She became more aware of Joshua; his warmth, his inflexible poise, and his superior pride.

He was terrible and wicked. She would do whatever it took to get him out of her life, her family’s life.

The car stopped. The driver held the door open for Christy. She walked to the back, picked her luggage, and strode into the airport terminal, ignoring Joshua who strode beside her.

The seasonal decorations in some of the shops reminded her of the irony of her situation. For her, the holidays were a happy period spent with family and friends. This year, there would be nothing merry about her Christmas.

They boarded the plane in rigid silence, sitting next to each other in business class for the one hour flight from Abuja to Port Harcourt. As they ascended, Joshua spread out in his seat, his posture relaxed. Christy sat with a stiff spine in her chair, keeping as far away as physically possible from Joshua in the confined space.

“Why did you buy the house?” she asked when the plane leveled out.

“I wanted it,” he said from behind the spread of the business newspaper he was reading.

“Why?” she persisted, turning to face him as she tried to understand him.

“Memories.”

She couldn’t imagine how he could have such memories of the place when her family had spent more time there than he had. The house had been part of the reason she’d agreed to come on this trip in the first place. She’d missed the place and was hoping she would get to spend time there while they were in Brass.

“Your father chose to sell it,” Joshua said, his tone rational. “I didn’t force him to sell.”

“I can’t believe that. I can’t believe he would sell it without coercion.” Her eyes stung from her fury but she didn’t care.

“It’s strange that you are suddenly concerned about a house you haven’t even bothered to visit all these years. Perhaps then, you would have known what was happening. But no, you were more interested in doing what you wanted and ignored your father and his business.”

Her rage bubbled but she had no comeback for his direct words. True, she had been focused on doing what she’d always dreamed off. That didn’t give Joshua the license to take advantage of her family.

Wearily, Christy rubbed her forehead, her head pounding. All the weeks of not enough sleep were finally catching up with her. Walking out on Joshua had been the most stressful thing she’d ever undertaken. Now the realization that the man she thought she’d known was a totally different person added to the pressure.

She needed to rest and regroup. She needed the energy to fight Joshua later.

For the remainder of the flight, she ignored him. When they arrived in Port Harcourt, they took a ferry service for the last leg to Brass Island.

The sun shone golden in the azure sky, the sea cerulean when they set off in a private yacht hired by Joshua. He sat on the stuffed lounger, his dark glasses shielding his eyes. Christy chose to sit on the opposite end, ignoring him.

They sped toward the island, the greenery coming into view in the distance. The landscape became clearer, the trees of the freshwater swamp forest of the Edumanom Forest Reserve thick and emerald against the blue horizon, home to some of the last chimpanzees in Nigeria and some other protected animal species.

“So what have you got planned for the next two weeks?” she asked, steeling herself for what was to come. She walked to the railing.

“Just some me and you time.”

“What does that mean, exactly?” She took her phone out of her bag, hoping to receive a network signal now that they were approaching land.

“It means that, for starters, there’ll be no use of phone or computers.”

He took the phone from her, switched it off, and dropped it back in her handbag.

“What? I need my phone. I’ve got to have my phone on.” Now she was supposed to spend two weeks without it?

“Remember, it’s my rules.”

Joshua stood behind her, his hand on her back just above the dip of her spine.

Her skin prickled, a shudder running through her body. Despite her anger, she still responded to his closeness, to the stroke of his fingers.

“But—”

“No buts, Christy.”

His deep rumble whispered warm air across the delicate skin of her neck.

“You agreed to this, remember? Your precious divorce papers.”

His mocking words were like a splash of cold water on her. She stiffened her spine, standing taller.

She could do this. She wasn’t going to let Joshua win again.





Chapter Four





The yacht pulled up to the pier on the jetty closest to the house. Christy could see the white building nestled on a slope some distance inland. People waited on shore, and they helped carry their luggage. As she walked toward the house, the spikes of her shoe heels sank into the powdery white sand.

From the distance, the old house looked the same but, as she got within the walled compound, she noticed some differences. The façade looked newly refurbished; painted walls, the old weathered stones gone, the watermarks vanished from the block fencing, neatly manicured front lawn and new hibiscus shrubs recently planted in the front garden.

As she rounded the corner, she noticed a new, uncompleted building being erected at the back, piles of breeze blocks packed neatly and a cement mixer in the corner.

The house was barely recognizable. For a while, she couldn’t move, her feet stuck in the sand as she tried to take in the destructed view in front of her. Gone was the historic building she’d loved as a child. In its place was a modern, stylish holiday villa. So Godson Villa wasn’t the most famous building on the island, but the house preserved some of the glory of its past—her past.

“What is going on here?” she asked as she fought the mix of emotions roiling through her.

Joshua walked past her and climbed the front steps into the house.

“There was massive flooding a few years ago,” he said. “When we started repairing the damage, it made sense to overhaul the place.”

She followed him in and discovered the extent of the overhaul. The house had been extended with more guest rooms, a bigger, more modern and open plan living space, and a front porch that gave the view of the limitless blue sea.

“Joshua, this is not Godson Villa. It doesn’t look like Godson Villa.”

“Don’t worry about the building work. It’ll look great when it’s finished.”

“But it won’t be the same house.”

“At least more people would come here now because there’ll be a place to stay.”

“Is that what this is about?” She turned to face him. “You’re turning it into a holiday destination?”

“It’s part of the plan. This area needs a boost. We need to raise more money for local wildlife conservation and also provide alternative sources of income for the locals.”

She couldn’t help the laughter that escaped. “Since when did you become an eco-warrior?”

Joshua shot her a dark look, the line of his jaw tightening.

“If you climb down from your ivory tower once in a while, you’ll notice there’s a whole lot going on around you that you don’t know about.”

His harsh words surprised her.

“You’re serious,” she said, chastised. Joshua had always been generous with his time and money. But she’d never noticed anything of this scale from him before. However, it didn’t stop her from feeling upset about all the changes to what had once been her family holiday home.

He gave a short nod. “Come. I’ll show you to your room.”

And he strode off down the white-walled hallway and up the winding staircase leading to the next level. She followed him. At the top, he stopped by a bedroom door.

“You will be in here…and I’m over there.” He pointed to a room across the hall.

“Oh. So we’re not sharing the same room.” The words were out before she could snatch them back.

“If I’d known that’s what you wanted, I would’ve been happy to arrange it. I can still arrange it.”

Her cheeks heated up.

“No, no. That’s not necessary. This room is fine,” she said in a rush of words to hide her embarrassment.

She walked into the room and pulled aside the shutters, letting in a flood of bright sunlight. A cool breeze lifted the white voile curtains. The walls had the palest shell green color, the floor paved with pale limestone tiles. White cotton sheets and a green silk quilted throw covered the bed and fluffy pillows.

A lovely, fresh room, but not the home she remembered.

Joshua turned to walk away then paused. “I’ll leave you to relax and freshen up. There are employees available to cater for whatever you want. I’ll be out for a while. I need to have a chat with the project manager but I won’t be long.”

She shook her head. “You did this on purpose, didn’t you? This is all calculated. You brought me here because you knew how much it would affect me.”

“Yes, I did. I wanted you to remember and to listen. I wanted you to realize what you’d be losing and call off the stupid divorce.”

“Never!”

“Sweetheart, you’re so quick to refute. The two weeks are just beginning.”

“Why are you doing this?” she challenged. Her emotions rolled, making her feel unbalanced. It had been a long three months. And it seemed like today was only going to get worse.

“Christy, you know the reason. If you stopped long enough and thought about it hard, in your heart, you’ll know.”

“You can stop this.” She struggled to contain her anger. “You started this; you can end it.”

“I know, but I won’t.”

“You, you—” Enraged, she lifted a hand to slap him.

Joshua caught her hand midair, held it tight. Before she could react, he pushed her back against the wall, pinning her to it with his rigid body. Christy sensed every bit of him, his strength, and his physical nature that he never bothered to hide.

“I think I have the perfect answer for all your bottled-up rage,” he said as he parted her thighs with his leg.

“Move,” she ordered, her throat dry and croaky, betraying her increasing apprehension.

Joshua had it easy. He was a man at home with his masculinity. She had never been able to resist him. He could have any woman he wanted. Sometimes, she wondered if he had, especially during their separation. She shouldn’t care if he’d been with anyone else. After all, her goal was a divorce. Still, she couldn’t suppress the intensity of her feelings. Perhaps her anger and hatred drove the concentration of her emotions.

“We have to get a few things sorted out first,” he replied.

He moved closer, his body flush against hers; his chest crushed her breasts, his thighs pressed against hers. Though she wore cotton trousers and a tank top, all of him stroked her.

“What are you doing?” she asked as she pushed against him.

He didn’t budge. “Just trying to relieve some of your frustration. That’s what all your aggression has been about, isn’t it?”

“Rubbish!”

“Such vehement denial, when the evidence is so obvious.”

Her face stung with revealing heat as warm blood rose in her body. Mortified, she tried to move to shake him off, but only managed to get her body even more entangled with his.

Her breathing came in short snatches. She became more aware of Joshua, his hardness and heat.

“I hate you.” Her voice sounded strangled. Blistering white rage swept through her.

“You lie, sweetheart.”

He lowered his head, trailing his lips against her cheeks in a tormenting caress.

“You love me.”

The continued journey of his lips down her neck crippled her mind to any coherent thoughts, muting her from replying. All she could do was feel; the warmth of his breath on her sensitive skin, the sensuous brush of his tongue against her pulse point. Making her want to give in, to tilt her head back to give him more access.

Joshua was an expert at seduction. For years, he’d kept her enthralled. Once she’d tasted his passion, she’d wanted no other since.

She tried to hang on, to pull back, but his touch was sweet agony. She wanted to feel his hands everywhere, despite everything.

In this exact manner, she’d given herself over to him the first time, in a haze of passion. She’d been foolish and innocent. Never again.

Fighting back the tears that threatened to spill, she lifted her foot and stamped on Joshua’s with the heel of her shoe.

He cursed, loosened his grip on her arms, and stared at her.

Heart racing, she tried to catch her breath and get a grip of her emotions rocking about like a listless boat on the sea.

He was right. She had loved him. But he’d shattered her mind and lost her trust. And he was making it worse by taking over her family assets.

“I don’t love you,” she said, her voice roughened with the desire she hadn’t quite dampened down yet. “You were just great in bed and I confused it for affection. I don’t need you as my husband to get that.”

“Is that so? It was just sex?”

“Yes.”

“Oga, Joshua.” A hesitant female voice called out to the master of the house from downstairs.

Christy stiffened. Joshua moved back, releasing her fully.

“This conversation is not over, sweetheart,” Joshua said before strolling off down the corridor.





Chapter Five





That night, Christy didn’t sleep well. Her constant confrontations with Joshua were finally taking a toll on her physically as well as emotionally. Not that she’d been sleeping well these past months. She hadn’t realized how much she’d miss not sharing a bed with Joshua.

With Christy tossing and turning, the cool night breeze from the sea fluttered the curtains, ensuring she didn’t need the air-conditioner on. She tried to analyze why she was so antagonistic toward him.

In the end, she settled for the fact that part of her still cared about Joshua. Still desired him.

But she had to stick to her guns, for herself, and her family. Only a few more days with Joshua and then she’d have a lifetime without him. She could get on with her life, at last.

The next day saw the arrival of visitors to the house. Godson Villa usually saw loads of guests when her parents were in residence during the Christmas holidays. It had been part of the family ritual. Her father had a revered status as a prominent son of Nembe, an ancient kingdom of the Niger Delta, and her mother loved the entertaining. Everyone got excited about Mrs. Godson’s Christmas banquets, the most celebrated event in their festive calendar.

Christy had always watched on from the perspective of a child. Now, things were different. She was Mrs. Joshua Inemi-Spiff, expected to act as the Godson Villa hostess.

All the years of observing her mother should have prepared her. Yet, uncertainty plagued her mind. Being responsible for the Godson family traditions pulled her out of her comfort zone.

Except for her interest in the history of Nembe Kingdom, she had never really involved herself in the traditions of her people. So she couldn’t help the panic that slithered down her spine as she sat at the breakfast table with Joshua that morning.

“So, are you saying I’m going to have to host the Christmas banquet that my mother used to host?”

“Perhaps not as grand as mum’s parties, but I’d like to revive some of that old communal feast,” Joshua said, before taking a sip from his coffee cup.

“Look, Joshua. I don’t think it’s a good idea. What would be the point of me doing all that when in a few weeks’ time, I’ll no longer be your wife, and this house would cease to be part of my family’s?”

“I already promised.”

“You already promised? You can’t do that. You can’t make promises on my behalf.” Her temper rose a notch as her control slowly slipped away.

“Yes, I can. For the next two weeks at least, you’re still my wife. My wish is your command, remember?”

Okay, she’d agreed to do his bidding for two weeks so he would endorse the divorce papers. But signing her up for the Christmas feast without speaking to her first? On any other occasion, she’d tell him to go to hell. Not that Joshua had ever treated her this way before. Still, he must enjoy bossing her around like this, pushing her to see how much she would take before she crumbled and stopped fighting him.

No. She had to keep the end goal in mind.

“Joshua, you’re really pushing me.” She huffed. “What about next year? How are you going to explain my absence to them?”

She glared at him as she tried to keep her voice low, knowing that the servants were only a few meters away, probably eavesdropping.

“That’s for me to worry about.”

He held her glare, his features back to being authoritative.

“Look, I’m not asking you to do anything beyond your abilities,” he continued. “The domestic team is available to do your bidding, and the local women are here for consultation. A few of them are coming today. So have a chat with them first and see what’s feasible.”

When he said it like that, she had to agree. Not like she couldn’t plan a party. She just wasn’t sure she was ready to fill her mother’s shoes yet.

“Okay. But I’ve got to have the freedom to organize it. I don’t want you standing over my shoulders.”

“As if I would.” He grinned, lifting his brow sardonically. “You do what you need for the event. Just bear in mind tomorrow is the beach party.”

“Of course. I forgot about that.”

Every Sunday, the locals organized a party on the beach for the eleven-thousand-strong community. People relaxed, chatted, and interacted with neighbors they didn’t get to catch up with during the week. As an only child, she’d loved the events because she’d made friends with the townsfolk children.

“It should be a good opportunity for you to meet some of the people before the banquet,” Joshua said as he finished his breakfast.

Christy nodded. No harm in reacquainting herself with her people.

Their first visitors started arriving not long afterward. Despite her misgivings, Christy relaxed as they chatted with the guests.

As she observed Joshua in action, her interest piqued. To her, he’d always been the professional city shark. But seeing the way he interacted with the locals, he appeared to be very much at home in their company.

Making her feel at ease, too.

He introduced her to everyone as his wife. Her unease escalated when she began to wonder what people would think when they found out later that they’d been pretending. That they had been separated for three months and were getting divorced soon.

Things grew worse for her the next day because she had more than a handful of people to deal with. Hundreds turned up at the beach. They all referred to her as Mrs. Joshua Inemi-Spiff.

Joshua poured fuel on the fire by pulling her into his arms for a dance. Though the sun had set and there were fewer people on the beach, the music still played and the fires still burned.

He held her close, his arms wrapped around her. Gently, they swayed, his body molded to hers. For a moment, she lost herself in the feel of him, his warmth, his scent. He held her like he would never let her go. She’d loved this about him—his ability to make her feel important. Precious.

But he only acted like this deliberately to fool everyone.

Christy pulled back. “Joshua, this is not a good idea. It is one thing to pretend to be your wife, but all this physical contact and people will really think we’re in love or something.”

She curled her fingers into balls.

Joshua didn’t reply immediately; the silence stretched like an elastic string, taut and ready to snap at any moment. Christy’s nerves pulled the same way, lengthened to cracking point. The cobalt-blue night sky closed in around her, suffocating her like a blanket. She should never have agreed to come here with Joshua. But how else was she going to convince him to sign the papers?

“This isn’t so difficult,” Joshua said, finally shattering the silence. “Why do you have to make it so hard?”

“Hard? I’m making it hard?” With all the anger and shock vibrating through her, she pushed against his chest. “You marry me under false pretences, take over my family assets like they are your right, and I should make it easy for you? I should take the simple route and stay married to you so we can keep up the charade of happy families? So you can keep this status of a responsible, married man?”





Each livid word hit his chest like a punch, yet Joshua just stood there and gazed into Christy’s furious face. The moon reflecting in her brown eyes illuminated them with flecks of gold and copper, bright and intense, like the flames of the camp fires lit on the beach.

He took in her anger, let her fury wash over him. He could handle it. He’d stood with her when she’d fought her battles for freedom against her father. There’d been times when he’d fought those battles in her place, shielding her from the fallout. As a result, he knew all her tactics, strengths, and weaknesses. In some ways, he knew her better than she knew herself.

“I want my life back. I’m tired of fighting with you,” she said while jabbing his chest with her finger.

“Cancel the divorce, and I’ll make it all stop.”

“I can’t believe you just said that.” Christy staggered backward with a sharp intake of breath.

“I did. Let’s start over. No divorce…. A fresh start.”

“For whom? You?”

“For both of us, and your parents. Do you know how happy they’ll be if they know that we’ve worked things out and are back together?”

“This is blackmail.” Christy shook her head, her expression injured as she continued to move backward. She turned and started walking back up the shore toward the house.

“If you look at it like that.”

Joshua followed her. By the boundary wall of the house, he caught up to her, reached out, and placed his hand on her bare shoulder.

He watched as she struggled to regulate her breathing; her breasts rose and fell in her sleeveless sundress. She shivered, her body trembling. He should have been affected by her body’s quake. Still, nothing within him responded. His heart lay shrouded in hard frost. He wasn’t going to let her off now. He knew exactly what he had to do.

Christy was his wife. His family. She had to remain his. The only way he could save his sanity.

She tried to move away.

“How do you look at it?” she spat out.

“Saving our marriage.”

She hated him. He knew she hated him because he wasn’t letting her get her own way. But she was still attracted to him. Still responded when he touched her. For now, the physical attraction between them was enough.

“All’s fair in love and war,” he said without caution or care, tightening his fingers around her shoulders. His reward? Fresh fire flared in the depths of her eyes, the red-brown-gold irises dancing like a hot furnace.

“So we’re at war.”

Her voice sounded as fragile as a wine flute. He smiled because he knew how much staying calm and in control cost her. Christy loved a good fight. But he’d gradually taken away all her ammunition. She was left stranded, ambushed.

“You declared war on us, Christy.”

“You want to know the truth?”

She tilted her chin up, daring him for a response.

“Yes. Nothing less would do.”

“I trusted you, and you betrayed me.”

Her words came at him with full force, like a demolition ball knocking the wind out of him, nearly felling him on the spot. Betrayal?

“How?” he queried, his voice choked and gruff as a guilt icicle punched into his heart. Had he gotten everything so wrong?

“You only married me because my father wanted to make sure his precious business empire fell into the right hands. You were the son he never had, and I was just the sweetener to secure your loyalty to Godson Enterprises.”

“Who told you that?”

“I heard you talking to Dad some months ago.”

“You know what your problem is? You’ve transferred your father’s faults to me.”

“How can you say that? I know what I heard.”

“As I said before, I won’t take the blame for your father’s mistakes.”

“So it’s my father’s fault, eh? You know what? I’m not having this conversation anymore.”

Christy tugged at her arm and he let her go. She stormed off into the house.

Joshua stood back, and took a deep breath to calm his anger down. No point getting angry now. He had Christy were he wanted her, and in due time, she’d realize the truth. He wasn’t going anywhere without her.

Finally, he moved, following her footsteps into the house until he reached the door to her bedroom. He found her pacing the floor, the sound of her bare feet muted on the stone tiles, her diamanté sandals discarded in the corner.





Christy lifted her head to meet Joshua’s narrowed gaze. She couldn’t believe how unperturbed he appeared, leaning against the door post, his hands in his trouser pockets.

He stared at her with open interest. In his black irises, fire flared—intense, inviting, and lacking innocence. His poise and energy were so masculine, so feral—a predator on the hunt, toying with his prey.

What was this, anyway? How had they ended up on this collision course?

They’d been lovers, more than lovers. He’d been the one she told her worries, her plans. The one she’d hoped to spend the rest of her life with.

Did the same awareness run through him? Did he have this same streak of emotion that went deeper than any she’d ever harbored for anyone else?

“Call off the divorce, and this stress, this constant conflict, will end.”

His deep, silky voice oozed in enticement, its gentle tone coercing, pacifying, as if he had more ability than she knew—as if he could solve all their problems and make everything right.

But he was the source of their problems.

“Call off the divorce?” she asked, keeping her tone as gentle as his, though she had no intention of trying to convince him. Her anger hadn’t abated. “Read my lips. No.”

“Aren’t you tired of fighting everyone? Your parents, now me?”

“I love my parents. But you—you were supposed to be on my side.” The words nearly choked her as the pain of his betrayal resurfaced again.

He laughed, but there was no humor in the sound, only cold hardness.

“Christy, you have to stop blaming everybody else when things go wrong. So I haven’t been the perfect husband, this past year especially. I admit it. But you also have to admit that you do overreact sometimes.”

Joshua’s words hit her with a sack full of stony guilt. She drew in a sharp breath and closed her eyes to hide the remorse he’d surely see in their depths. So perhaps she was blameworthy, too. She hadn’t been the perfect wife. The last few years, she’d been focusing most of her energy in building her business.

But the freedom that came with being a married woman had meant she could live her life the way she’d wanted without having to worry about her father’s influence. Perhaps she’d neglected and taken Joshua for granted in the process. She hadn’t meant to.

Still, her private admission of complicity in her marriage breakdown didn’t change what she knew about him. The memory of seeing her father congratulate Joshua on his successes and patting his back for going along with his plans resurrected, wrenching painfully at her stomach. Nothing had changed. Joshua was more interested in pleasing her father and building his business. He didn’t love her. She couldn’t live with him.

The sound of Joshua’s resigned sigh made her open her eyes. For the first time since their arrival in Brass, he appeared strained—tired—lines appearing around his lips and eyes.

“I’m only a man trying to do the best for the people I care about, be it the business or our family. So I get it wrong sometimes.” He lifted his shoulders in a shrug. “I wasn’t trying to be a hero.”

He straightened up and walked away.

Christy couldn’t help the disappointment that washed over her, nor the thought that echoed in her mind.

I wanted you to be my hero.





Chapter Six





“We’re heading out for the day,” Joshua declared the next morning.

Unable to sleep well, Christy had woken early to watch the sun as it rose in the horizon over the sea, turning the waters a blue-orange color. He appeared on the patio in a pair of beige shorts and a mint-green towel wrapped around his shoulders. The remnants of his recent shower glistened on his hair, chest, and arms.

The last time she saw Joshua without a shirt on was months ago. He looked too good, his skin a dark coffee contrast against the cream of his shorts. The sun rays emphasized the lean contours of his toned chest and undulating abdomen.

In a moment of lapsed inhibition, she allowed her gaze to roam his body up to his face—the concentrated black eyes, the layers of lines furrowing around his lips and eyes, especially when he had a smile on, like now. His curved, sensuous lips made her want to reach out and touch them. Lick them. Kiss them. She’d always loved kissing Joshua’s lips. They were full, firm, and widened when he smiled.

For a man obsessed with work and business, that he still had time for physical workouts astonished her. But to her continuing dismay, it seemed Joshua had not given up on that habit. She hungered to feel his rough, hard body against hers.

When her gaze met his, she saw an amused glint in his dark eyes. Realizing she’d been gawping at him, she faced the sea again, heat flaring on her skin.

“I thought we were only spending the time on the island,” she said airily, but still couldn’t dispatch the primitive mating instinct that seemed to have overtaken her senses.

“We’re not going far. Just to the forest reserve.”

She hadn’t been in the forest since she was a child. She pictured the sights and sounds of the hot jungle, she and Joshua in close contact and sweaty. Not the best place to be, especially when she couldn’t shake the urge to jump his bones without much provocation at the moment.

“You mean we’re going to be together all day?”

He leaned against the metal railing, lifting his lips in a daring smile. “You make it sound like a bad thing.”

“Well, it is, if I’m stuck with you all day.”

“You are stuck, caught, trapped,” he said the words are if taking delight in each one, “with me for the next few weeks. Afterward….” He lifted his shoulders in a nonchalant shrug.

“Divorce.”

“It’s up to you. It doesn’t have to be.”

“And I wouldn’t lose all these”—she waved her hands to emphasis the property—“if we don’t divorce.”

On reflex, she stiffened the muscles on her back. He was being ruthless. She had a lot to lose with the divorce, and he knew it.

“There are worse things.”

“I can’t think of any at the moment.”

“You’ve led a very sheltered life, sweetheart.”

She blasted him with a toxic glance. Sure, she had a privileged life. Her parents had provided more for her than the average Nigerian child had in a life time. So she had more opportunities than most people, but she wasn’t a fool.

If she’d known he’d be this dangerous, she would’ve never agreed to come to Brass with him. He intended to strip her of all her certainties. All her convictions.

An adept strategist, Joshua used Godson Villa as the ace up his sleeve. The one place full of ghosts of him, her, and their past together. Their first time making love had been in this house. She’d given herself freely and he’d loved her passionately. She’d lost her heart as well as her body to him that night.

This house also held other ghosts. Memories of her father being the warm, loving parent. Regardless of how autocratic he was the rest of the year, the times they’d spent in this house as a family made up for their mental dueling.

The ghosts were huge. They owned her body and soul.

Joshua leaned forward, lifted his hand to move the strands of unruly, curly hair that dangled on her forehead.

“You need me.”

“I don’t.”

“You need someone to take care of you and to protect your interests. I’m that someone.”

A lump jammed her throat and got bigger when she tilted her head up to see Joshua’s face.

He appeared composed as he watched her with a fixed stare. A burst of energy surged through her body, as if light had just filled a dark tunnel and she could see clearly for the first time in a long while.

She saw opportunities, all the positive things her life could become. Perhaps her anger had run its course. Perhaps Joshua had the right intentions all along and was just trying to do his best for her and her family. Perhaps she needed him in her life. Permanently.

For a moment, Joshua’s warmth enfolded her. Sensation he evoked twirled deep in her core, where it really mattered. She could focus on all the positive things in her life which had meaning and gave fulfillment.

No more fighting. No more anger. No more conflict.

She could let go of all the lumber she’d been dragging around the past few months. Move on and be happy.

Then she swiveled and caught a glimpse of the unfinished building at the back of the house. Joshua’s handiwork. Changes he had no right to make. She now knew the real Joshua, leaving her with a hard pill to swallow.

She had to wake up to reality.

Joshua found her attractive. He desired her body. But at the end of the day, she was just a trophy wife, a status symbol. Someone to boost his image, his business. Nothing more.

“You’re so full of suspicion,” he said in a gentle voice.

She turned round and realized he’d moved closer. She was going to argue with his choice of words but knew he would call her bluff.

“Old habits die hard.”

He said nothing for a moment, just watched her. The tension between them crackled like electricity. The intense warmth in his eyes said all the things his lips didn’t say.

The desire between them was mutual.

They’d always had something rare and animalistic linking them. A slow burn that rapidly blazed into an inferno. And their passion wasn’t all about the physical. They connected on an indefinable level based on mutual admiration and challenge.

She reminded herself of the past. How could she forget and let him close again? Life was difficult. She had to work with it.

“Why can’t you let go and live in the now?” he asked.

Joshua stood so close, his body hard and strong, nothing less than sexual and gorgeous. He reached for her and pulled her against his bare chest, into the circle of his arms.

She resisted the tug, but he was stronger, more determined. She shouldn’t want this, but, at the same time, she needed his arms, his warmth, and his strength.

She craved someone who could hold her, keep her safe. Someone who understood and cared for her.

But Joshua didn’t care. She was just a possession.

She trembled when they pressed their bodies together. She was sensitive all over, aware of all of him, the plane of muscles on his bare chest and the hardness of his thighs.

His acute touch penetrated through any protective mental barriers she’d put up. The sensations swarming her mind surpassed those she’d experienced when he’d pushed her against the wall in her bedroom. Now she couldn’t fight the hunger that took hold of her, making her want more of him. A lot more.

“End this fight, sweetheart.”

When he tipped his head and kissed the corner of her mouth in such a gentle caress, her spine prickled.

“It’s a waste of time,” he added.

She knew he meant on so many levels.

He wanted her to stop fighting their physical attraction, and for her to cancel the divorce.

And in truth, she would have an easier time cancelling the divorce than dropping her guard. She’d spent the last three months building up Joshua as the enemy, telling herself she didn’t love him. That she didn’t trust him.

To drop all that now and forget how he’d betrayed her, used her? She had her pride and she refused to be a fool twice. Also, she couldn’t be sure that there hadn’t been others since their separation. If Joshua had been with other women in the past three months, she wasn’t sure how she’d cope.

Even if she cancelled the divorce, she couldn’t give herself fully to him again. Not body, heart, and soul. And what was the point of being with someone she couldn’t afford to give her all, when he wouldn’t give her anything but his physical being?

“Don’t do that,” she murmured even as she tried to quell the tremors running through her.

Joshua didn’t stop. Instead, he brought their bodies even closer together in a more intimate embrace. He stroked her ubiquitously, supporting her with his hips, his arms around her waist, and his hands on her bottom.

“Why?” he asked as he kissed his way down her neck, his lips only inches away from the swell of her breasts.

Sensation scoured through her, pebbling her nipples. She smoldered at his touch, her nerve endings on alert, her skin flushing, her heart thumping in her chest. She wanted him. How she wanted him.

But she couldn’t give in. She had to combat this desire. It would soon pass. She had to be brave, hold her nerve.

“Because I haven’t said I’ll call off the divorce. And I don’t want to just sleep with you.”

“You’re still my wife. I promise there’ll be no sleeping involved. And you’ll call off the divorce, eventually.”

The emotions evident in his gravelly voice took the edge off his arrogant words. Her body tuned into his promise of “no sleeping,” warmth spreading, increasing her craving, weakening her resistance. “I won’t.”

He moved his lips closer to her ears and spoke in a tender, husky whisper, “You’re mine. Always have been. Always will be. I can take you whenever I want.”

He knew he was torturing her, fuelling her senses with stimulation and tension.

Christy let her eyelashes flutter shut as her heart raced and everything within her seemed to crash and jumble up. Joshua had unleashed a double assault on her senses with his provocative words and enticing touch.

This Joshua she couldn’t resist. The take-charge man who turned her to a quivering mass of jelly with sexy whispers and erotic caresses. She couldn’t allow this to continue. Yet, she couldn’t seem to stop the exciting sensations that flooded her body and her mind with pleasure. She wanted more of him. More of his touch, power, everything.

“Aren’t you going to keep objecting?”

His warm breath feathered against her sensitive cheek.

She parted her lips to reply, but he splayed his hand tightly across her bottom, lifting her so that all of his hardness rubbed through the flimsy silk of her robe, all the way to her core. Her rapidly soaking centre pulsed in time with her racing heartbeat. He speared his other hand through her hair, tilting her head back so that she gazed into the dark, intense depths of his eyes.

There’d be no more words. She accepted the inevitability of his kiss. Craved it, even.

He lowered his head, brushing his lips against hers from one end to the other as if he was testing her, preparing her for what was to come. Then he probed with his tongue. She parted her lips, suddenly eager to taste him, not caring about the consequences. She just needed him now.

As soon as he delved his tongue into her mouth, she was lost. Lost in sensation. Lost in Joshua. No more frenetic thoughts or words plagued her mind. She heard a keening whimper. Wondered who had made such a raw guttural sound, and realized she was the one.

Joshua kissed her thoroughly, masterfully. Just as Joshua always did. This time, the firm way he held her and the power behind each thrust of his tongue into her meant more. Like he was putting his stamp on her, branding her, claiming her forever.

Her body burned with fever. She craved more of his lips and hands. Everywhere. As if he read her thoughts, he moved his hand to her breast, palming it through her robe and caressing the tip with his thumb. Thrilling awareness spiked through her. She clung to his arms, arching her body in reckless invitation, wanting more contact. He responded, loosening her robe and slipping his hand into her negligee to free her breast. Cool air stiffened her nipple.

The shock of the cold wind reminded her they were standing outside on the balcony. In a private corner surrounded by palm trees, they were not overlooked by other buildings, yet any of the servants could walk by and glance up.

“Joshua.” She whispered a warning, but the sound came out more like a plea.

He groaned, lifted his head, and leaned his forehead to hers.

“If we didn’t have to be somewhere today, I would’ve taken this to its natural conclusion this morning,” he said in a husky voice as he straightened her robe and tied the belt around her waist. “But know two things. We will conclude this, and I’m never going to let you go.”





Chapter Seven





I’m never going to let you go.

Joshua’s words echoed in Christy’s head as she packed a light backpack after breakfast. She was already dressed in a loose, cream cotton top tucked into her jade cargo trousers and a pair of walking boots. Luckily, she’d known what landscape to expect in Brass and had packed her clothes accordingly.

Before she headed downstairs to meet Joshua, she drew in a ragged breath to calm the rowdy feelings rocking her body.

All of Joshua’s pressure tactics, combined with her desire for him, had finally hit their mark. Muddled up, her now-complicated emotions swayed from one end to the other. The lines between the old love she had for him and the new hate she’d developed blurred.

She waited outside for Joshua. A light breeze filled the atmosphere with salty air. She brushed back the loose strands of her hair already tied up in a single bunch and plaited in a braid. The last thing she wanted was loose hair getting tangled in the tree branches.

The sea sparkled, its hue the sapphire of the Niger Delta under the glowing African sunshine. Fishermen and their boats rocked in the water as they went about their business.

As always, the view was breathtaking, making Christy yearn for the past. Making her feel at home.

Joshua came out dressed in white T-shirt and grey cargo trousers and hiking boots. He also carried a rucksack.

“You ready?” he asked.

She nodded.

“Come on. Our guides are already at the dock.”

They walked down, side by side, Christy’s awareness of Joshua increasing with every footstep. She caught the scent of his aftershave. Its spiciness made her inhale deeply.

Two men dressed as forest rangers waited for them at the docks.

“I didn’t know we were getting a special tour,” she commented before they reached the wooden walkway.

“I’m a major patron of the reserve. I guess it’s one of the perks.” Joshua lifted his shoulders in a dismissive shrug.

For a moment, Christy was so astounded she paused in her stride. He stopped and watched her, his expression unreadable.

“You meant it,” she stated as it hit her that her view of Joshua had always been single-minded and from her own perspective. There really had been a side of him she’d never noticed before. Had she really been locked away in the ivory tower of her own wants as he’d implied?

“As I meant everything else I said to you,” he replied, his tone ominous, his expression still unreadable.

Guilt assaulted her. She had no time to act on it as one of the officers approached them.

“Good morning, Mr. Inemi-Spiff. It’s good to see you again,” the man said.

“Thank you, Osaki.” Joshua shook the man’s hand. “This is my wife, Christy.”

“It’s good to meet you, madam.” The man bowed slightly. “We’re ready for you.”

When Joshua took Christy’s hand to help her on board the small boat, the strength of his arm made her skin sting with heat, her responsiveness to him rising again. She ignored the feeling and concentrated on sitting down comfortably.

Joshua sat opposite, his gaze intent, making her more self-conscious as she remembered what had passed between them earlier.

The boat pulled away from the dock, the movement and sound continuous. She realized they were using two boats—she and Joshua on one, the officers on the other. Two other men steered, one standing at the helm of each boat. They could navigate these smaller boats through the delta swamp forest a lot easier than the bigger yacht they’d used for their arrival at Brass.

The white sand of the beach disappeared as they headed upriver toward the emerald forest.

“So when did you develop an interest in the forest reserve?” she asked when they were out on open water.

“The interest has always been there since I grew up in this area, but it wasn’t until a few years ago that I knew I could do something with it.”

“How come you never told me about it?”

“I told you our first night together in Godson Villa when we shared the most intimate things about each other,” he said.

Though his voice was even, uneasiness snaked down Christy’s back as she noticed the tautness around his jaw.

Blushing, her mind travelled back to that night. She’d been more interested in feeling Joshua than listening to his words. Truthfully, he’d shared his deepest aspirations, one of which was a passion to protect the wildlife and habitat of the region.

How had she forgotten something that was so important to the man she cared about? How could she have forgotten he’d bared his soul to her that day, in that place? Her uneasiness increased as her cheeks smarted with hot guilt. He was right. She’d been too focused on her own aspirations and needs, and she’d neglected his.

“I don’t know how I forgot, but I’m sorry,” she said, her remorse nearly choking her. Christy bit back tears. What else had she neglected?

He gave her a short nod but said nothing.

“So tell me, what are your plans?” she asked.

He kept silent but studied her intently. He was going to ignore her and not answer. Perhaps she deserved the cold shoulder after her actions. Still, she wanted to know.

She had issued divorce proceedings because she couldn’t bear to live with a man who’d placed her needs secondary to those of her parents. Truth was, her guilt ranked as high as his.

Married and finally free of the influence of her domineering father, she’d focused on making her dreams come true. In the same period, Joshua’s relationship with her father had become closer. Julius Godson treated Joshua like a son—the heir he craved—something she could never be.

Then it hit her, regret flashing heat all over her body. She resented Joshua, for being everything her father wanted in a child. The perfect son—successful, honorable, suave, and most of all, a man.

Joshua was correct. She’d transferred her anger at her father for wanting to control her life to Joshua. Unfairly.

So things weren’t perfect between them now. Surely, they’d shared something special once. Their first time together, Joshua had revealed more than his body with her—he’d bared his soul. It hadn’t been the calculated action of a man bent on duping her and her family. He’d already had her body and she would’ve done anything to keep him. He hadn’t needed to disclose the pain of losing his parents or his aspirations.

Couldn’t they reconnect again? She wanted to find out if he had anything as close to what lay in her heart for him. Or she’d spend the rest of her life after the divorce wondering.

“Please.” She reached across and placed her hand on top of his. “Tell me. I promise I won’t forget.”

He trailed his gaze to her hand on top of his before returning to her face.

“Currently, we’re focusing on raising awareness. Some of the local species of animals, especially monkeys, are becoming endangered because of poaching activities.”

He lifted her hand and traced circles in her palm.

She tried hard to resist, but couldn’t shake the recurring pulse of sensation that travelled down to her belly.

“Joshua,” she said, and coughed to clear the lump lodged in her throat. “If you don’t stop what you’re doing, I won’t be able to understand a word you’re saying.”

Telling him the truth, a flush of embarrassment crept up her face but she preferred the stinging heat over not paying attention to his words again. Even safer when he stopped his action and released her hand with a triumphant curve of his lips.

“The animals are hunted for bush-meat, a local delicacy. So we need to educate the people as well as provide an alternative source of income for the hunters.”

“Oh,” was all she could say. She’d occasionally been offered the fresh-roasted delicacy on the highways while travelling, but had never really given much thought about the species or the impact on their habitat.

“Hang on,” she said when an idea occurred to her. “I’m sure I read somewhere recently that the Ebola virus was linked to bush-meat because some poachers didn’t check if the animals were already diseased before selling them on or eating them.”

“Exactly.” Joshua eyes sparkled as he grinned at her. “Although there are no confirmed cases of the virus here, we still need to be vigilant.”

“I guess that bush-meat’s off the dinner menu,” she said without much thought.

“Does that mean you’re cooking dinner for me sometime soon?” he asked, the corners of his lips twitching with suppressed amusement.

She smiled weakly and avoided the knowing look in his eyes by glancing away into the approaching forest.

Soon, they were deep in the mangrove swamp. She took her camera out, ready to snap pictures. She didn’t know when she’d next get the chance to do something like this again. Or if she’d get to do it again with Joshua. As he pointed out the rare birds and even rarer monkeys, she snapped pictures and even snuck in some of him surreptitiously.

The sights and sounds of the swamp took over. Her initial unease fled, replaced by excitement as they got intimate with nature. Seeing Joshua’s enthusiasm and passion for flora and fauna increased her admiration for him. She experienced being with him like she was getting to know him all over again. There was an echo of falling in love; the nervous tension, the racing pulse, the need to hang on every word he said, to get up close and personal with him.

Perhaps the jungle heat frazzled her brain, making every sound, sight, and touch even more primeval. Still, the increasing awareness of the short time they had together drove her almost to desperate need. Would they be able to salvage their marriage in time? The anxious thought plagued her mind.

They stopped for lunch—Fein Beriba and Fein Indi, a snack meal of spicy roasted plantain and fish that had been prepared and packed in Joshua’s rucksack by the Godson Villa cook.

Joshua seemed oblivious to her emotional state. Or perhaps he did know, and it was all a manifestation of his siege tactics. At one point, he leaned across and swiped the tip of his tongue at the corner of her lips. Her pulse jumped while the rest of her became pliant.

Frustration swept through her when he moved back with a teasing smile and continued his meal as if he hadn’t just raised her body temperature to boiling point. The only thing that stopped her from crossing the little distance that separated them and sitting on his lap were the guides eating their lunches not far from them.

Heart thumping, she was ready to throw caution to the wind. Ready to give in, if it meant some alone time with him.

After lunch, they toured some more before heading back downriver toward Brass. As they neared the edge of the forest, the two rangers spoke animatedly in the local Ijaw language before turning Joshua.

“Sir, the activities of that boat seem suspicious. We need to investigate before they get away,” Osaki said.

Christy turned and noticed another boat in the distance, but she couldn’t make out how many occupants were in it.

“I’m going with you. I want to find out who they are, too,” Joshua said.

“Okay, sir. My officer will take your wife back to Brass as this might take a while.”

“Good idea,” Joshua said before turning to Christy. “He’ll make sure you get back home safely.”

A pang of panic rumbled in Christy’s belly. “Joshua, I want to stay with you.”

“Listen. I won’t be long. We just need to make sure there’s nothing wrong going on here. I’ll be back before you know it.” He leaned forward and whispered, “Plus, you need to get yourself ready for me. We have unfinished business I hope to complete tonight.”

With that, he gave her a brief kiss and silenced her protest. A beat pulsed through her core. She squeezed her thighs together but got no relief.

Joshua stood and swapped places with the other officer. He sat down and his gaze remained on Christy as his boat pursued the other boat, disappearing into the thickness of the swamp.

The man at the helm of her boat maintained their course out to sea before turning toward Brass. When they arrived at the dock, the officer escorted her up to Godson Villa before returning to the boat.

Walking through the house without Joshua left her feeling out of sorts. After spending the past few days with him never far from her, a strange restlessness rocked through her body in his absence.

Her anticipation of his return heightened. She showered and changed into a mid-length, short-sleeved green and white Ankara dress. One of her own designs, it had a low neckline and flared out from the waist in a classic fifties style. She loved the feminine fashion from that era, and completed the look with a wide, white belt and kitten-heeled sandals.

As she waited, her anticipation turned to alarm when Joshua didn’t return and the sun made its descent into the sea. Fighting the urge to panic that threatened to make her sick, she asked the servants if anyone had heard from Joshua. When the replies were negative and with no other options available, she requested the chauffeur to drive her to the police station.

The officers there were no more forthcoming. They promised to investigate and keep her informed. In the meantime, they advised her to go back to the house in case Joshua returned or tried to make contact.

At Godson Villa, darkness crept in, surrounding the house with an eerie mood like a shroud. A knot tightened in her stomach, her body chilling with goose bumps though the night air was warm.

Something had happened to Joshua. The sun rose in the day. Both were certainties. Otherwise, why hadn’t he returned?

She told herself to stay calm. She ran up to her room and dug in her handbag, searching for her phone that Joshua had switched off. She hadn’t needed it the past few days. Now she did.

She turned it on, frustration speared through her body when she found no network coverage. Heart pounding, she walked around the house trying to see if the signal would increase, but no luck.

As night deepened, gradually despair crept over her, filling her with self-recriminations.

If Joshua were injured, she was at fault. She was getting what she’d asked for. Hadn’t she wanted him out of her life? Hadn’t she stubbornly insisted she didn’t love or need him, that she only wanted divorce?

She’d told him she hated him. Well, if he were injured or dead, then he’d be out of her life. For good.

“No!” She sobbed as hot emotions filled her, tears rolling down her face.

Yes, she’d said those things. But she didn’t want Joshua dead or injured. Regret prickled her skin; sorrow clouded her mind.

“What have I done?” She crumpled in a heap on her bed. “I want Joshua happy and alive. Please let him come home.”

The curtains flapped in the wind as if in answer. She got off the bed and onto her knees beside the bed. For the first time in years, she prayed, asking for Joshua’s safe return. She bargained, offering to cancel the divorce if he did.

That night, she changed into her nightie, and sat outside on the balcony in a vigil, with a blanket wrapped around her, waiting and hoping.





Chapter Eight





Christy dreamed she was floating, wrapped in warmth, the air filled with the sound of birds, the scent of the jungle, and Joshua.

“Joshua, please come home,” she whispered in a soft prayer and snuggled closer into the hard warmth surrounding her.

“I am, sweetheart,” a deep voice that sounded very much like her husband’s replied.

“Oh, stop teasing me.” She sobbed, tears seeping through her lashes. “I’ve been up all night worrying about you. I know I’ve been difficult lately, but you don’t have to punish me this way.”

“Christy, wake up.”

She jolted, alertness crashing through her sleeping mind as her body hit the firmness of a mattress. She lifted her eyelids. The grey light of early dawn filtering through the curtains announced a new day.

Joshua stood at the edge of the bed, dressed in the clothes he’d worn when they’d gone to the forest reserve. Was she still dreaming?

“Joshua!” She scrambled up from the bed, untangling the blanket still wrapped around her nightie-clad body. Had he carried her in from the balcony?

“Yes, it’s me.”

He curved his lips in a smile that was pure Joshua. A burst like sunlight hit her. Joshua was home. Her prayers had been answered. Pure exhilaration raced through her veins. She wanted to jump on him, touch him, and kiss him just to confirm he was truly standing before her.

Applying restraint, she bit her lip. “What happened?”

She tried to keep the worry from her voice. As much as she was glad to see her husband again, they still had so many unresolved issues. She couldn’t go jumping on him like they were still happily married.

“It took us a while to catch up with the other boat,” he replied. “We suspected they were hunters, but because of our presence, they couldn’t do anything.”

“Oh.” She had imagined the worst; Joshua kidnapped for ransom.

“Osaki wanted to do more patrolling just in case. Since it was already dark, I decided to stay with him and return this morning. I had no means of contacting you.”

Christy glanced out the window. Relief at seeing Joshua again lifted her shoulders. She turned back to face him. His chin was covered in day-old stubble, and she had an urge to rub her palm against it. To feel his roughness against her smoothness.

“Welcome home,” she said instead.

“Thank you.”

Joshua studied her like a hawk, his black eyes keeping her enraptured. Her skin prickled with heat under his ardent observation.

“You know it’s quite dumb sleeping out on the balcony.”

His voice sounded rough and raw. Regretful?

“What else was I supposed to do? I thought you were injured, kidnapped, or killed.”

“I wasn’t, but you could’ve made yourself ill sleeping outside in the cold.”

“Well, I was fine. I had the blanket. I couldn’t sleep in a comfortable bed while thinking you were out there in all sorts of trouble. I just couldn’t.”

“It would have worked out great for you, if something had happened to me.”

“Of course not! How can you say that?”

“Yesterday, you complained about being trapped with me. If I’d never come back, you’d be free. You wouldn’t have to worry about divorce.”

“I know what I said.” Horror and shame roughened her words. “But it doesn’t mean I want you dead.”

“So you care about me, then?” he asked gently.

“You’re a human being. Of course I care.” Wanting him back safe and healthy was one thing, but she couldn’t start confessing feelings and giving him the upper hand.

“But you hated me a few days ago.” Joshua took a step in her direction.

“I didn’t mean it. I was just angry with you.”

“Just angry?” he asked, his head cocked to an angle, and studied her as if expecting something.

“Yes.”

“So you must care a great deal about me for you to sit up all night praying for my safe return.”

“How did you know I was praying?”

“The servants told me.”

Christy blanched as she remembered her frantic prayers and bargains. She hadn’t realized she’d be overheard. In truth, with her emotions overridden by anxiety, she hadn’t cared.

“So I prayed.” She shrugged dismissively. “The important thing is that you’re home safe and well. I’m sure you’d like to freshen up and get some food inside you.”

Joshua gave a frustrated growl. “You can’t keep running, Christy.”

“I’m not trying to run. I just think we need to move on and think about what we’re doing for Christmas.”

“Sure.” He nodded. “It’s Christmas. It doesn’t feel very festive at the moment. The house is bare of decorations.”

“I don’t mind.” She choked back the tears and lump in her throat. Christmas in this house had always been very special with family, friends, decorations, presents, and parties. “It doesn’t have to be decorated for it to be Christmas. I just wanted you back, and now I’ve got that.”

He reached across and touched her face, his hand cool on her warm cheek. “I think the cold night air must have done something to your brain.”

He was right. The recognition that she was about to lose Joshua had made her see the light.

Christy tried to smile but could only lift her lips weakly. An avalanche of rowdy emotions cascaded through her body. “I understood what I was about to lose. You were right. I’ve been self-centered and resentful of—”

Joshua cut off her words with a long, hard kiss. He held her tight. She sank into him, her body pliant—at home.

“Don’t say such things. You’re just frustrated because of your dad’s actions. I don’t blame you. I understand,” he said after he broke off the kiss.

“But it’s true. I resented you.” It shamed her to admit it but saying it out loud was better than allowing it to fester and eat her up inside. She wasn’t proud of the person she was becoming. Last night had been a wake-up call.

“Why?” He furrowed his brow in a frown.

“You are everything my father has always wanted in a son.” She turned toward the window to hide the tears that threatened to spill. “Sometimes, I think he wishes you were his child, not me.”

“Your father can never replace you.” With gentle hands, he caressed her shoulders before urging her to face him. “He loves you, even if some of his deeds are misguided.”

“But you went along with him.”

“It hasn’t been easy for me juggling to keep you and your parents appeased.”

He brushed back the lock of hair that had come loose, away from her face.

“I know how much you hate your parents controlling your life,” Joshua continued. “But you have to know they are like surrogate parents to me. They’ve done so much for me. You and they are all the family I have left. I don’t like seeing them upset anymore than I like seeing you upset.”

A lump swelled in her throat making her speechless. She shook her head and tried to wipe the dizzy spell surrounding her. She had really been self-centered. She’d never stopped to consider how Joshua coped being caught in the middle of the battles between her and her father.

“I never realized.”

He smiled. “It doesn’t matter now. I’m going to freshen up and then we can have breakfast.”

She nodded. He gave her one last glance before leaving her room.

Christy showered and dressed for breakfast, her emotions like the rocking waves of the Atlantic Ocean caught in a storm. From her bedroom window, she looked out at the tranquil azure ocean. She drew in a deep breath, hoping to pull the same serenity into her soul.

A fresh start. Joshua had said he wanted a new beginning for them. Could they do it? Could they get over their misunderstandings and move on?

But how?

Their marriage couldn’t be based on what her parents wanted. It had to be about both of them and the feelings they shared.

She didn’t like that he was trying to please her father. However, she understood his dilemma.

When Christy left her room to go downstairs, not knowing what would happen with Joshua, her hands shook with anxiety. She was dressed in a halter-neck blue silk dress with a fitted bodice and flared skirt. She’d loosened her hair from the braid into curly locks, pinning them back with a hair clip. On her feet, she wore a pair of black leather wooden wedge sandals. She rarely wore jewelry, but today, she put on a pair of diamond earrings Joshua had given her for their first wedding anniversary.

The state of the dining room, decorated in festive colors, a red table cloth, dark green placemats, and red linen napkins, surprised her. It looked similar to the way her mother decorated the room when she was in residence. More tears stung her eyes.

“You look stunning,” Joshua said.

He stood by the window that overlooked the bay. The appreciative sweep of his gaze over her body left her awash with sensation.

“Thank you,” she replied, frozen to the spot as she watched him stride toward her with an enchanting smile.

He was clean-shaven and now clothed in dark trousers and a white shirt. Her breath caught in her throat at how captivating he looked. He was altogether imposing and masculine—the man she’d married.

How could she live the rest of her life without him? Still, how could she live the rest of her life with him, if he didn’t love her? Confused, her mind pulled in different directions.

Joshua stopped before her and slid warm hands down her shoulders to her bare back. Excitement pulsing through her veins awakened her skin. His cologne, spicy and all male, cocooned her. His presence, his heat, intoxicated her.

Then he lowered his head and brushed his lips against hers, slowly, excruciatingly.

This was the man she’d met eight years ago. Tender. Considerate. Loving.

At this moment, she needed more. She wanted her husband. No holds barred. She’d rather forget their troubles and the food laid out on the table. Instead, she wanted to feed on the man. Let his body nourish and delight her. Later, she would worry about the uncertainty of their future.

He seemed to have a different plan and led her to the table, where he pulled a chair out. She sat down. Joshua moved to the other side, sitting beside her.

The servants came in and poured their coffee.

“Thank you. We won’t need you guys for the rest of the morning.” He waved them off. They departed with nods and shut the door.

Tension built in Christy, her anticipation fizzing like soap bubbles in a bath ready to overflow. She barely ate from the toast, omelets, and fresh fruits on the table.

She should be disgusted with herself for the thrill that simmered in her blood. She should raise her guard and keep Joshua away. On the contrary, her emotions were muddled, the effect of being in this house. Did she really want the memory of her last Christmas in Godson Villa to be tainted by fighting with Joshua?

As if he sensed her agitation, Joshua covered her hand with his. His warmth and strength suffused her body. With the other, he picked a strawberry and lifted it to her lips.

“Open for me, sweetheart,” he said in a deep, rasping tone.

Its vibrations hit her low, an ache building. Instinct told her he meant more. Still, she opened her mouth. She was baring more than just her physical being to Joshua. She was also letting her guard down emotionally, unlocking the gates to her heart for him to peer in. Her vulnerability made her tremble.

As soon as the fresh, sweet fruit landed on her tongue, he kissed her. He glided his tongue across hers in a savage sweep that had her body quivering. They fed from each other as if they’d been starved of one another.

He lifted his head. “Christy, I can’t wait any longer. I’m going to make love to you.”

A welcome statement of gloriously sensual intent that had her screaming a silent, orgasmic, yes. While she was still uncertain about the future of their relationship, she needed to reconnect with her husband. Albeit temporarily.

He could take away this restlessness barraging through her mind and body, and give her completion if only for one last time. She would hold on to the memory for a long time—one last blissful Christmas together.

The intensity of his fiery stare had her insides melting into a mushy pool. All she could do was nod. She wanted him. She wanted him to strip off her clothes. She wanted his lips and hands where her clothes had been. She wanted him inside and all over her, loving her.

Without hesitation, he swept the contents of the perfectly laid out table aside, crockery and placemats clattering in protest.

Astounded, she gasped. “Here?”

“Here and now. No more fighting. No more running,” he replied as he lifted her from her chair and placed her on the edge of the table. “I need you.”

His simple, raw, expressive confession floored her, her emotions rising. How could she deny him something so basic, so fulfilling?

Timidly, she moved her hands against the cotton of his shirt, feeling the rigid planes of his chest until she reached his shoulders, the short springy hairs on his chest visible where his button was undone. Wrapping her hands around his shoulders, she brought her body closer to his, pressed her breasts against his chest.

She met his sparkling gaze blazing with desire, reflecting the emotions that raged within her.

Parting her legs, he stepped between them until all of him—hard, hot flesh—pressed against her pliant, slick body. He returned to kissing her cheek and neck, making her more aware of the sensory extravaganza he unleashed within her body.

Swimming in the tide of rushing stimuli, she barely noticed Joshua untying the strap of her halter-neck until the dress fell apart, baring her breasts to his view. He stepped back, his hot gaze scanning her body and leaving a fiery path in its wake.





Joshua’s heart caught in his throat, clenching tight.

“I’ve missed you,” he said, the hoarseness of his voice conveying the depth of his emotion.

He’d missed everything about her, especially the smooth suppleness of her curves. Christy was the most beautiful woman he knew. He loved seeing her, feeling her, tasting her, being inside of her. He’d pulled back to control the urge to take her hard and fast on the table. He wanted to savor her. Yet, he’d barely reined in his desire. They hadn’t been intimate in so long. He didn’t know how much longer he could keep himself in check.

“I want to see the rest of you. Take your dress off.”

A glaze of desire clouded Christy’s brown eyes. She bit her lower lip in an anxious manner. “Joshua, someone might come in.”

“I’ve given the staff the rest of the morning off. It’s just you and me in this big ol’ house. Nobody will disturb us.”

“Oh. I thought you’d simply dismissed them from waiting on us at breakfast. Why did you send them away?” A frown creased her otherwise flawless skin.

“Because I wanted some alone time with my wife, and I know how noisy you can get.”

He smiled when she fluttered her lashes coyly and her skin tone darkened as she blushed. He had his wife exactly where he wanted her. Alone with him. He’d given the gateman an extra Christmas bonus to ensure they had no visitors until later today.

“I intend to make you scream a few times, sweetheart. But first, I need to see you. All of you.”





The lopsided smile he gave her was so masculine, so predatory. Heart racing, Christy stood and pushed her dress down until it formed a pool of blue silk at her feet. She hadn’t been with Joshua for three months and this seemed like their first time. The same feelings rushed through her body. Excitement. Ecstasy. Love.

That first night she’d found out she was in love with Joshua. That same clarity hit her now.

She loved Joshua. Her emotions had never gone away, only been buried under the dark cloud of her resentment for him.

At that moment, her awareness heightened, leaving her shy and awkward—exposed—standing in nothing but her black lace thong that barely covered anything, and her wedge sandals. Joshua watched her like a tiger about to have her for breakfast.

Sensually, he trailed the pad of his fingers down from her collar bone, past the valley of her breasts down to her belly button. Her skin tingled.

“Beautiful.”

His almost quiet whisper, tender, full of emotion, caressed her skin like a feather in the morning breeze.

Joshua made her feel beautiful. He looked at her, touched her, like she was the only woman for him.

But was she? Three months was a long time for a man as highly sexed as Joshua to be without a woman. Knowing that she still loved him made it all the more important that she was certain about him. She had to trust him if they were to have any future together.

“Joshua, can I ask you something? I—I’m sorry if it spoils the mood.”

He lifted his gaze from where he traced his hand along the string outline of her panties. “What is it?”

“Has there been anyone else since we were separated?”





Chapter Nine





At first, Joshua dropped his hands away from Christy’s body, frost icing the blood in his veins. Why was she asking this? Was this another ruse to keep him away? To prolong their conflict? If that was her plan, she was in for a surprise.

“Are you sure you want the truth, Christy?” He watched her as anger warred with desire.

She frowned, crinkling the corners of her eyes.

“I know I shouldn’t care what you’ve done, especially since we’ve been separated.” She lifted her shoulders as she sighed in resignation. “I just feel that if we’re going to have a fresh start, we need to be honest with each other about everything.”

“You want honesty?” he asked but didn’t wait for a reply. If she wanted the truth, he was happy to give it to her. “How’s this for starters? From the first day you moved out, I’ve craved you so much that the only way I could sleep in our bed without you was to work myself to exhaustion.”

He took a step and reached her, his body close enough to feel her warmth but not touching hers. Fully clothed, he watched as she stood naked. Anyone else should have been intimidated, perhaps reached for their clothes. Ballsy Christy made no move to retreat. Instead, she stared at him with steady brown eyes.

When she nipped her lower lip, he knew she was anxious.

“Each night, I dreamt about kissing you, tasting you, feeling your slick tightness around me.”

Christy fluttered her lashes shut as she emitted a soft moan. Her skin darkened. His words aroused her. He could bet on it. Eight years together, he’d learned how to push her buttons. Even if he couldn’t control her actions outside the bedroom, here his mastery was never in question. He leaned over her and fanned her neck with his breath.

“Did you dream about me, touching you, rocking your world?” he asked in a gruff whisper.

She whimpered, her body shaking like a leaf, but didn’t reply. She hadn’t lost her stubborn streak. He couldn’t relent.

“Say it, sweetheart. We’re being honest, remember?”

As she sucked in a breath, her breasts rose.

“Yes. I dreamt about you,” she said in a breathless voice. “Please, Joshua. Touch me.”

Relief and satisfaction settled deep in his bones. Despite everything, he still needed to know that she wanted him on the same level. He grinned at her. “I thought you’d never ask.”

Splaying his hands across her hips and bottom, he lifted her upon the table.

“Lean back,” he commanded.

She stretched on the wooden surface, balancing on her elbows, her lush caramel-toned body curved up for his viewing delight—smooth skin, generous breasts, flat stomach, wide hips, and long legs. He raked her body with his gaze, just as he brushed his fingers against her skin from her neck to the vee of her thighs.

Bending over her, he swiped his tongue across her nipple. Her body twitched as she arched for more. Happy to give her more, he lightly nipped the soft flesh of her breast. Christy let out a long, low moan.

He loved her passion, the way she always responded to his attention. Glad that he was the one doing this to her, he continued his demanding caress. He shifted his body so he could palm the junction of her thighs barely concealed by a scrap of lace. She was hot, so hot, her thong damp with her liquid essence.

Just watching Christy spread out before him gave him such a high that no other woman had been able to replicate. And when he entered her, he would soar, dragged to heights of pleasure he’d never experienced elsewhere.

Angry after she’d moved out of their home, he’d gone out seeking the pleasurable company of other women. Abuja had plenty of those—women who sought the company of men like him, whose only demand was a night of pleasure, no strings attached.

Yet, as he’d stood in the bar filled with beautiful, willing women, the only one he could think about was Christy.

He had to make sure they spent the rest of their lives together. He wanted so much with her—children, their own family. Starting now.

Pulling her thong down, he dropped it next to her dress. He sealed their mouths together again; caressing her tongue with his while he returned his fingers to the nub at her centre.

Inside her hot channel, he stroked her with his finger. She was slick, ready for him. He inserted another, expanding her as she clamped around his digits. Christy arched her body, her hips flowing with the rhythm of his strokes.

Her moans increased with each thrust, the early tremors in her inner walls around his fingers identifying her impending orgasm. A few more strokes and she tore her lips away and screamed his name, her body trembling like wobbly jelly.

He held her tight until her body’s tremors subsided. Kissing her gently, he stayed in her embrace a little longer. He always enjoyed holding her as much as he enjoyed giving her pleasure.

Stepping back, he watched her look at him with an adoring smile. Then he knew; she was right. So much had happened between them. They both needed to regain each other’s trust. He had to tell Christy the truth before they went any further. Once he was inside her, things would change. For good, he hoped.

Still, the urge to be inside her thrummed in his veins. If he was to do this, he had to move away from her. Gain some space to think clearly.





Christy sat up on the table when Joshua turned away. Her skin prickled, and not from a warm and fuzzy sensation. She’d just come down from a thrilling orgasm only Joshua could give her. But his reaction was less than comforting.

“Joshua, what is it?”

Feeling awkward, she picked up her dress and covered her nakedness. Had she done something to displease him?

He turned to face her, his expression guarded. There had to be something wrong for him to be suddenly withdrawn.

“There was someone after you left me,” he said.

Christy’s heart fell into her stomach. A sickening sensation swept over her. She gripped the edge of the table, her nails digging into the wood. Even after leaving Joshua, she’d refused to picture him with another woman. She might have wanted him out of her life, but she’d still cared about what he did.

“What?” She wasn’t sure if she was angry or just plain disappointed.

“Do you know how angry I was when you left me?” he said, his voice cold and hard, his eyes like black glaciers. “From the first day I met you, I’ve done all I can to please you. You went to London and told me to wait. I did.”

She’d never seen such cold fury from Joshua.

“The first time we made love, I wanted to wait. You said you were ready, so we did. It’s been like that throughout our relationship. Anything you wanted, I was ready to oblige you.”

Joshua stepped toward the window, his shoulders straight and rigid.

“Then I come home one day to find you gone. No explanations. Nothing. When I finally get a hold of you, all you said was that you needed a break.”

Swiveling, he faced her again, tension oozing off him, his stance imposing.

“Do you know how foolish it made me feel? To know that the woman I’d devoted so many years to could wake up one day and walk away from our relationship, just on a whim?”

He shook his head and closed his eyes, his chest lifting as he took a deep breath.

“I wanted to say to hell with you. Then I bumped into Lisa Ajah one day. She invited me to dinner at her place—”

“No.” Christy shook her head as her stomach roiled. “I can’t believe you slept with Lisa.”

Lisa Ajah was an ex-school friend of Joshua and a regular customer at Christy’s House of Fashion. She knew the woman well even if they were not best of friends.

“Are you going to listen, or just jump to conclusions like you always do?”

The hardness of his voice hadn’t abated, his icy gaze unrelenting.

Christy glared at Joshua. But he was right. She had to hear him out. As much as the thought of him with anyone else made her sick, she had asked for honesty. And he was being honest. So she nodded.

Joshua’s shoulders rose as he sighed. “I turned up at her apartment ready to go wherever the evening led. When Lisa confessed she was attracted to me, I suddenly recognized a blatant truth. I didn’t want to be there. I didn’t want anyone else. I wanted you.”

Her heart clutched. “You didn’t sleep with her?”

“No,” he replied. “Pathetic, isn’t it? You could walk away from our marriage and even ask for a divorce. Yet, I couldn’t look at another woman without thinking about you.”

He faced the window again, his back to her.

“Oh, Joshua. I’ve been such a fool.” A lump lodged in her throat. Though he didn’t say it, surely her husband loved her. Why else would he walk away from another willing, beautiful woman? To think that her own actions could have pushed him into the arms of another woman.

Dropping her dress, she walked to him and wrapped her arms around his torso from behind. His muscles were tense, his back rigid.

“I’m sorry,” she said, ignoring the tears that clogged her eyes.

Joshua let out a heavy sigh and turned around. “Hey, don’t cry, sweetheart. I’m sorry, too.”

Then he lifted her into his arms and kissed her, passionately, knocking the breath out of her. He carried her back to her table. Together, they scrambled for the buttons on his clothes until he was as bare as she was.

He kissed her with a relentless firmness, his hands roaming everywhere. She moved her fingers on his torso, tracing the planes and ridges of his firm muscles from the contours of his rippling back to the tightness of his buttocks.

She loved this closeness, this intimacy—this raging heat and passion that only Joshua could give.

“I missed you,” she confessed as he kissed his way to her breasts, increasing her delight.

His response was to latch on and suck hard on her nipple, alternating from one to the other. Sensation speared through her body and she let out a loud whimper. She couldn’t help being verbally expressive when Joshua drove her to the heights of pleasure.

She widened her legs as he moved closer, his hard length teasing her damp entrance. She reached for him, held his pulsing rigidity in her hands. Joshua groaned and closed his eyes.

Then he positioned himself and pushed in, filling her slowly. She moaned as he stretched her insides, and she welcomed him. When he couldn’t go any deeper, he stopped and looked at her. In his gaze, she saw his desire and devotion. All the love in her heart for him reflected back at her.

He pulled out and rocked into her in slow motion. Pleasure rocketed, teasing her, making her feel good. But she wanted more. She wanted all that he could give her. She’d been too long without him.

“Joshua, harder.”

“Harder?”

“Yes, give me all you’ve got.” She curved her lips in a sexy smile, knowing it would push him over the edge.

“You’ve got it,” he said, before thrusting hard into her.

The forceful impact slid her up the table. Seeking anchor for the enjoyable barrage she knew Joshua was going to give her, she secured her hands at the end of the table. She lifted her hips, prepared for him this time. His thrusts came hard and fast, his hands gripping her hips firmly. His thumb pressed against the nub at her centre.

“Oh, yes!”

This was what she wanted. Joshua with no holds barred. All of him. No reservations. She rocked her hips in time with his rhythm, her feet crossed against his hard buttocks, her moans getting louder. When he was this good, she couldn’t keep silent.

“Sweetheart, you’re so hot, so sweet. I’m not going to last long.”

Joshua leaned over and kissed her hard, nipped her lips, then trailed his caressing mouth down to her shoulder. All the while, he kept his thumb on her swollen mound, stroking it in circular motion. Her skin came alive with fever sweeping from her toes to her head.

Joshua resumed his plunges, dragging out the exit and slamming into her on entry. Each stroke shifted her pleasure another level toward ecstasy. Soon, she was there hanging on the precipice, ready to float off. He sensed her anticipation and pressed against her nub as he rammed into her. She exploded into a kaleidoscope of colors.

“Ah!” she screamed and held on tight to Joshua, wanting to share this most intimate moment with him at all levels.

She didn’t have to wait long before he emptied himself inside her with one last grunt and pulled her into his arms, holding her like he’d never let her go.





Chapter Ten





Christy woke hours later in Joshua’s bedroom. Stretching languorously, she recalled how he’d carried her up the stairs after their first round of lovemaking in the dining room. He’d brought her to his room and had proceeded to reacquaint himself with every inch of her body. Remembering the explosive sensual experience now made her skin tingle all over.

He’d made love to her almost like the first time they’d been together. Tenderly. Carefully. Except, this time, there was the passion of lovers who knew how to please each other, as well as the fierceness of a man staking his claim on a woman’s heart and body.

Joshua had declared his love for her perhaps not verbally but in so many other ways. She no longer thought it important for her to hear him say those three words. Actions spoke louder than words. And Joshua’s actions were as clear as day. He loved her. She truly believed it.

She’d made a vow to cancel the divorce if he came home safely. She had to keep to her promise. But knowing her husband loved her made her decision easier to live with. The shredded divorce papers would be her Christmas present to him.

Smiling, she turned to reach for Joshua and found the space beside her empty. Wondering where he was, she glanced around the room. She lifted the corners of her lips in a wider smile. She hadn’t paid much attention to his room when she’d first gotten here but looking at it now, every piece of furniture screamed “Joshua.” Cool and masculine—with midnight-blue curtains that matched the crisp cotton bed linen on the massive bed she was sure could sleep four adults. A large knitted rug with a montage of an African savannah at dusk, with leopards, giraffes, and zebras drinking from a watering hole, lay on the limestone-tiled floor next to the bed.

The only piece of furniture that surprised her was the Victorian-style settee by the window. Definitely not a Joshua piece. More her kind of style. In fact, she could swear she’d designed the item. It had a frame of dark iroko timber, covered in dark blue upholstery with diamanté buttons that sparkled like stars in the midnight sky. Her clothes were in a neat pile on top of it.

She gasped, inhaling a sharp breath, and her eyes widened. Scrambling off the bed, she pulled the sheet around her body and walked round the settee, tracing the hand-carved, curved edges with her fingers. Underneath the cushion, the manufacturer’s tag confirmed her suspicion; Christy’s House of Fashion—definitely one of hers.

“You’re up.”

The deep, husky voice coming from behind her made her jump. She looked up. Joshua leaned against the door frame to his bathroom in nothing but his trousers. The sight of his bare dark skin, sculpted chest, and flexing muscles had her licking her lips. He curved his lips in a sexy smile, dimpling his cheeks. Her heart raced.

How did she ever think she could get on without him making her feel this way? Nobody else did. Nobody else ever would.

“I just woke up,” she said when she found her voice. It sounded a tad squeaky and she swallowed hard. She pointed to the settee. “You bought this.”

The first day she’d launched the furniture arm of her business, about six weeks ago, some unknown client had bought the piece in her debut collection.

Joshua nodded. “I asked the interior designer to buy it because I wanted it to be a surprise.”

“How?” She squeezed her brows together in a frown. Then something clicked in her mind. “You always planned to bring me here this Christmas, even though we were separated?”

“Yes.”

“Why?”

“Because of this.” He strode to the bedside cabinet, opened it, and withdrew a silver-colored envelope. He turned to her, both arms stretched out, palms open, offering it to her. “Merry Christmas, sweetheart.”

Baffled, with hands shaking, she accepted the matte-finish parcel and looked at it. Scrawled across the front, her name was written in Joshua’s concise, masculine handwriting. The hard content flexed like a card instead of paper. She lifted her face to look at him, tears blurring her vision. She hadn’t thought to buy him a card, let alone a gift.

He smiled at her, his eyes sparkling with warmth and compassion. “Open it.”

Hands still shaking, she ripped it open and withdrew the Christmas card. It read,

To my sweetheart, Christy

This year, I gift you Godson Villa. No one loves this house the way you do, and no one will take care of it the way I know you will.

Merry Christmas,

Joshua.

Christy stood frozen to the spot, unable to understand. All the while she’d thought Joshua had conned her parents into selling the property, he’d bought it for her?

“You bought Godson Villa from my dad to give it to me?” It just didn’t make sense. She would have inherited it, anyway.

“I bought the house because your father was going to sell it,” he said, standing stock still. “And I knew it would break your heart if you found out the house was no longer in the family.”

“But why would Dad want to sell it?”

Joshua let out a long sigh, lifting his shoulders. “Your father got into some financial difficulties, and he needed to raise some cash. He had to sell some of his assets. Some people were interested in buying Godson Villa, and he would’ve sold it to them if I hadn’t intervened.”

Christy sat on the settee, hard. It suddenly all made sense. She’d known her father had sold a couple of their properties in Lagos about a year ago. Her mother had told her not to worry; they’d been mixing up their investment portfolio. She hadn’t realized her father’s business was in trouble because she’d never paid any attention to it.

Something else occurred to her. “Hang on. Is that why he named you as a member of the board of directors?”

She’d found out the day she’d overheard her father speaking to Joshua.

Joshua crouched in front of her and put his hands on her knees. His warmth comforted her and took the edge off her worry about her father and his business.

“With loads of cheap, low quality goods coming in from China, Godson’s products have struggled to keep their place in the marketplace,” he said, his voice soft and soothing. “Your father was happy with the way I’d built up my business after I’d moved on from working for him and needed my contribution in turning around Godson Industries and making it more viable in today’s economy.”

“All this while, you’ve been saving my father’s business and I thought you were ripping it off. I’m so sorry.” She covered her face with her hands as shame washed over her body.

“Hey, it’s okay. I’m the one who is sorry for keeping it all from you.” He squeezed her thighs. “Your father didn’t want to worry you, and I promised I wouldn’t say anything until everything was back to an even keel. I just wasn’t expecting you’d issue divorce papers.”

She heard the smile in his voice and pulled down her hands. The tears pooling in her eyes blurred her vision a little. She could still make out that Joshua was smiling at her.

“I’m such an inconsiderate bitch. Why do you put up with me?”

“I love you,” he said simply.

Inhaling a sharp breath, she blinked several times. “Pardon, I don’t think I heard you properly.”

Joshua placed his strong hands on her cheeks, and stroked her lips with his thumbs. “I said I love you, sweetheart. Always have. Always will.”

He was so close the air from his words tickled her sensitive cheek. Her tears flowed freely now. Why did she ever doubt him? How did she ever doubt his love?

Gently, he kissed her cheeks where the tears fell, his lips a soft caress on her skin.

“I love you, too,” she replied, her throat clogged with emotion as she sought his lips to confirm her words.

He lifted her as he stood and carried her back to bed. They made love sweetly, passionately, sealing their love for each other. They stayed in each other’s arms for moments afterward, savoring their time together.

Later, after she wasn’t sure how much time had passed, she traced her finger on his chest and placed her head on the crook of his arm.

“Joshua, I didn’t come here expecting to spend a loving Christmas, but you’ve given me that. I didn’t expect to give you any gifts, either.”

“I wasn’t expecting any.” He brushed his lips on her forehead.

“But I’ve got one for you. I’d like to give you our freshly revived marriage. I want to cancel the divorce, if you’ll still have me.”

He placed his finger on her chin and tilted her head up so she was staring into his dark eyes.

“I’ll have you any day, any place, anyhow,” he replied with a wink before stroking her lips with his in a brief kiss. “Thank you. I couldn’t have hoped for a more wonderful gift.”

He sat up and looked at his wristwatch on the bedside table.

“Before we get too comfortable again, I have another surprise for you, and they are arriving in about an hour.”

“They?”

“Your parents.” He grinned at her. “Christmas at Godson Villa won’t be the same without them.”

“Seriously?”

He nodded. She squealed and jumped on top of him.

“I love you, love you, love you,” she said as she kissed his face exuberantly.

He laughed.

“I know,” he said.

He lifted her and carried her into the bathroom. From now on, they would confront their future together.





Keep reading for Chapter One of Bound to Fate, Bound Series: Book 1.





Blurb


Lara Johnson is coping with the emotional scars of losing both parents in a tragic incident and facing the challenges of starting a new school. Getting involved in a relationship isn't on her priority list. Certainly not this illicit desire for a man, who demands the best from her, yet leaves her breathless in his presence.





All Ike Thomas wants to do is to keep out of trouble and get through the one year internship required for his degree program. But trouble finds him, in the form of an intelligent and brave girl who turns his world upside down. Falling in love is forbidden. So why does it feel so right?





A love like theirs cannot be denied. But catastrophe lies in wait and one night changes their lives forever.





Bound to Fate is a story about surviving tragedy, forgiveness, and the overwhelming love that pulls through against the odds.





Content warning: This book contains scenes that might be triggering for some readers.





Bound to Fate: Chapter One





This is the first day of the rest of your life.

Lara Johnson chanted the words as she trudged down the stairs from her bedroom, her school bag slung across her shoulder. The phrase had been one her mother had taught her to use when the weight of her troubles threatened to crash down on her.

Hollowness in her chest reminded her that her world had ended three months previously.

The familiar crashing and smashing sounds of the Tom and Jerry cartoon coming from the television drew her into the living room. Lola, her younger sister by two years, reclined on a cream upholstered sofa, her school bag abandoned on the carpeted floor at her feet. In her hands, she held her Blackberry and tapped away at the keyboard with her thumbs. She appeared as if she didn’t have a care in the world. Lara sometimes wondered how they could be related, because just as she proved to be an introvert, Lola was the opposite.

The tap, tap of footsteps in the hallway had Lara reaching for the remote control to switch off the television.

“Are you girls ready to go?” Judy called out. As their mother’s younger sister, she had become their guardian after their parents died in a car crash.

“Yes, Aunty,” Lara replied. “Come on, Lola.”

Ignoring everything else, her sister carried on texting for a few more seconds as if whoever was on the other end of the virtual conversation proved more important at this moment. She wouldn’t move until the last second.

Lara heaved a sigh and strode across the room. She grabbed Lola’s bag and dumped it on her lap.

Lola lifted her head and gave her the evil eye. “What?”

“Aunty's waiting. Or do you want to walk to school on your first day?”

“I don’t care. I don’t want to go to this school, anyway.”

Despite the grumbling, her sister got off the sofa with her bag and headed outside.

Lara shook her head as she followed, switching off the ceiling fan on the way. She had misgivings, too, about starting a new school, especially in her senior year when she needed to prepare for final exams. Neither of them had had any choice but to move after tragedy had befallen them.

Outside, a breeze flapped the admiral-blue skirt around her knees and the rising sun reflected off the small pools of water on the concrete driveway from the rain that had fallen at dawn. She checked her bag for her small umbrella, not wanting to get soaked if it rained again later.

For October, the temperature felt cooler and fresher than the humid heat she’d been used to in Lagos. From what she’d learnt in geography, Enugu lay over two hundred metres above sea level compared to Lagos’s eleven metres.

The engine of the silver Honda CR-V revved, making her flinch. Against the background of the quiet neighbourhood, the sound became augmented, especially this early in the morning. Her gaze darted to the car. Judy already sat in the driver’s position and Lola climbed in beside her.

“Lara, lock the door,” her aunt called out through the open window.

“Okay.” Puffing out a breath, she pulled out the bunch of keys she’d been given and did as instructed.

In her old house, she’d been used to securing the premises when going out. As the oldest child, many similar responsibilities fell on her shoulders. She didn’t have the luxury of sitting in the car messaging friends on BBM like Lola while someone else did the chores. Then again, these little chores kept her busy with less time to think about the dreadful past. Or scary future.

With the lock in place, she returned her bunch into the bag and hurried to the vehicle now facing towards the gates. She pulled the door and climbed into the back seat.

The grating sound of metal on metal made her wince as the watchman tugged open the gates and they drove out. Today, her senses seemed more acutely sensitive to sounds as her anxiety spiked. Her foot bounced against the floor mat, making her black patent leather shoes squeak. She pressed her palms on her knees to stop the restless motion.

“Aunty, do we really have to go to this school? Can’t we go back to our old school?” Lola asked in a sweet voice, finally putting aside the phone. “I’m sure they’ll take us back. No problem.”

“No, you can’t, sweetie.” Judy gave her a glance. “We discussed this already. You need to stay with me for now. You’ll get used to the new school in no time.”

There were a few other reasons they couldn’t go back to their old school, even if their aunt didn’t say them out loud. For one, it had been an expensive boarding school. Secondly, it lay over five hundred kilometres away in Lagos State while their aunt lived in Enugu State. And according to the bereavement counsellor, they needed to be around family.

“Aunty's house is nicer than boarding school,” Lara chimed in. Although she missed the familiarity of her old school friends—not that she ever had that many—she wouldn’t swap it for the security and compassion she’d received from Judy, who’d taken them in as if they were her own. Especially as they hadn’t seen much of the woman since they were little.

“You say that because you didn’t have many friends,” Lola said in a sarcastic voice. “I did.”

“Honey, I know you miss your friends from your old school, but you’ll make new ones here, too. So don’t worry about it. You’ll both be fine.” Judy squeezed Lola’s shoulder.

“Okay,” her sister said in a resigned voice.

“Lara, you remember where to go to get the registration sorted out?” Judy asked.

“Yes. The school admin office.”

“Good. Once you show them the letter, they will let you know where to go. I won’t be able to come and pick you after school. But the two of you can take a taxi home together since it’s the first day. You will have to take the bus home next time.”

“Thank you, Aunty,” they both chorused.

Thirty minutes later, they stood in front of the school gates. Tens of kids in blue and white uniform milled around or headed into buildings.

“Hi, Lola!” someone called out.

Lola waved back.

“You know that girl?” Lara asked, astonished since her sister hadn’t mentioned she knew anyone in this school.

Lola shrugged. “She lives on the same street as Aunty Judy.”

“How do you know anyone already? We’ve only been in Enugu for a month.”

“You’re the one who chooses to lock yourself away in the house all the time. Anyway, where’s this admin office we’re supposed to find?”

Lara breath hitched and she felt as if she’d been hit with a sledgehammer. She bit back a retort and shook her head. She hadn’t been locking herself away. She’d been in mourning.

Then again, she shouldn’t be surprised about Lola. Her sister was pretty and had been popular at their last school. It looked like she would fit right in at Hillcrest.

As for herself, her goals for the year were simple—pass her exams and gain a university place. She didn’t need the attention, and if no one accepted her, she would just have to cope with it as best she could.

“It’s this way.” She pointed to a sign on the wall and they headed in that direction.

Half an hour later, they’d filled out forms and were directed to their classes. Lola’s were in a different building from hers.

“Do you want to meet for lunch?” Lara asked.

Lola shrugged and started walking off.

“If you need anything, just call or text me,” Lara said.

“Yeah. Stop fussing, will you?” Glancing back, Lola rolled her eyes and walked off.

Lara couldn’t help fussing. Lola was the only member of her family she had left. Okay, she had Judy, but it wasn’t the same thing. She’d taken care of her sister since she was a baby and always felt responsible for her, even more so now that their parents were gone.

Sighing, she turned and hurried across the walkway to the class building. Students gazed at her but no one spoke to her. She kept her chin up and her shoulders stiff, determined to project confidence and determination. The truth was, she wasn’t very good with change. Unlike Lola who complained about it and seemed to adapt a whole lot quicker.

By the time she arrived at the door to the correct class, it was already shut and the class seemed to be in session. She paused, brushed her palm over her braided hair packed in a ponytail style, and took a deep breath. Then she turned the metal handle, pushed the door open, and walked in.

The class was silent as they listened to the teacher but a murmur passed when she closed the door behind her.

A middle-aged man in brown jacket and trouser suit, white and green striped shirt, and a plain green tie stood at the front. Focusing on him, she walked over.

“Mr. Ejiofor?” When he nodded, she handed over the sheet of paper she’d been given at the office. “I was asked to give you this.”

He took the paper and read it.

“We have a new student joining the class today.” He glanced at the paper again. “This is Lara Johnson.”

Clutching her hands to the back to hide their shaking, she turned to face the class. Big windows sat on the side. The back wall was plain white with a white board over it. On the side wall next to the door was a geopolitical map of the world.

The students sat in columns of two per desk in six columns and four rows. All of them stared at her with different degrees of curiosity.

Lara swallowed, her shoulders tightening. She hated being the centre of attention and even more so to a group of strangers. Her darting gaze caught onto another girl in the front row who smiled at her. There was an empty seat next to her. The only empty seat.

Mr. Ejiofor picked a book from the pile in front of him and handed it over to her. “Take a seat, Lara.”

“Thank you,” she mouthed and walked over to the empty chair quickly. The sooner she sat down, the sooner everyone else would stop staring at her. She dumped her bag on the aisle beside her and placed the book on the desk top.

The girl next to her turned and smiled. She was the picture of wholesome perfection. Her straight hair was packed neatly into a ponytail, not one strand out of place. Her school uniform was creaseless and fitted, unlike Lara’s which needed adjusting around the waist. Her oval face was smooth and lovely, no acne in sight. Even the cheer in her curled lips and the twinkle in her brown eyes showed she was a happy and content girl.

Lara hadn’t been happy or content in months.

“I’m Ada Obi. Welcome to Hillcrest School,” the girl said in a low voice. “If you need someone to show you around, I can help you.”

Lara gave a small smile as some of the tension left her body. Someone was being nice to her. Perhaps she’d make a new friend, after all. “Ada, thank you.”

Mr. Ejiofor resumed the lesson in English Literature. Luckily, she’d bought a copy and already started reading the assigned book so she didn’t feel too lost in the class discussion although she didn’t attempt to raise her hand to answer any questions and the teacher didn’t bother directing any queries at her. She managed to sit up straight instead of slumping under the melancholic weight that rested on her shoulders.

Time flew quickly and Mr. Ejiofor left. During the break before the next teacher arrived, the class erupted into chaos.

Shifting in the seat, Lara picked out her timetable and checked the next lesson. Geography—a subject she wasn’t so good at.

Flicking the page of the textbook, she glanced at the door. A boy stood there as if on sentry duty, watching for the arrival of the next teacher. The flutter of the sheet did little to calm her nerves as it should. In her old school, she’d acquired the nickname ‘Bookworm’ because she loved immersing herself into the knowledge hidden between the covers of the printed work.

Shaking her head, she turned her attention back to the words on the page. Aside from noting the topic of the chapter as ‘Population Change,’ none of the text registered.

First day back at school for a new term usually didn’t leave her this agitated. She loved school. But while it was the first day back for her, the school had been back for a few weeks already. She’d missed weeks of lessons and studying.

She sucked in a deep breath and gave another glance at the door. The student standing at the entrance hadn’t moved, although his attention was focused on the chaos in class rather than checking if the Geography teacher was on the way.

The churning in her stomach returned, her breathing accelerated. Crossing her arms over on the desk, she lowered her head and started blowing out short breaths.

I can do this. I’m just sitting in a room with other students. Nothing bad will happen.

Breathing in through the nose and out through the mouth, she repeated the calming actions.

Where was the teacher? Perhaps if he turned up, her anxiety would ease just as it had done in the literature lesson.

She’d been having panic attacks since the traffic accident. The doctor had offered to sign her off school for another week or month if she didn’t feel ready to be here. Her physical wounds had healed. Mentally, she didn’t know if she’d be ever fully recovered.

Tired of hiding from the world, she had to face her life. Face her future, such as it was.

Lifting her head, her gaze swept the class. No one else seemed interested in preparing for the next subject. Not even the girl sitting next to her. She seemed rapt on a lanky male student who was telling a story. His hand and body movements as well as the jokes he cracked identified him as the class comedian. They’d had a similar boy in her last school.

“What’s his name?” Lara asked in a low voice. She couldn’t be sure Ada heard her above the raucous sound of laughter.

Giggling, the girl turned to look at her. “That’s Jimoh. He thinks he’s the next Basketmouth.”

With a half-smile, Lara’s raised a brow in confusion. “Basketmouth?”

“Come on. You know Basketmouth?”

“Yes, I do.” She chuckled. “He’s good but not as good as a popular Nigerian stand-up comedian.” She tilted her head in the direction of some girls sitting in the middle row who’d been staring at her and not so nicely. “What about those girls over there?”

“Oh, that’s Princess Gloria and her coterie.”

“Coterie?”

“You know? Gang, Pack, Clique, Circle. Don’t mind me. I like big words.” Ada chuckled again.

Warmth spread across Lara’s chest as a big smile filled her face. She liked this girl a lot already.

“Is she really a princess?”

“No, she’s not. We call her Princess because she walks around as if her father is the Obi of Onitsha.”

Lara glanced at the girl again and she did have a haughty air about her, with the tilt of her raised nose and the group surrounding her.

White paper planes making turbulent journeys above heads bobbing with raucous laughter snagged her attention next. Most of the boys sat on their desk instead of the appointed chairs, either cloistered in smaller groups or listening in on the more general conversation.

“I never thought so many people would sign up to take Geography this year,” Jimoh said.

“It’s because of the fine boy teacher,” another boy chipped in.

“No. You’ve got that wrong. I know it’s because of me everyone is in this class, because no one fine pass me. Check me now.” He started doing the vogue pose, causing everybody to break out into laughter.

“What is he talking about?” Lara asked, now curious about why the class seemed to be this full for an elective subject. Geography hadn’t been that popular in her previous school.

“Don’t worry,” Ada said. “You’ll understand when you see the teacher. He is something else. Half the class wants to be him and the other wants him as boyfriend.”

“He’s coming!” shouted the boy standing by the door, and everyone scrambled back to their seats just in time to stand up as the teacher walked in.

“Good morning, Mr. Thomas,” the class chorused.

Lara’s breath caught in her throat. This was their teacher? It couldn’t be.

“Good morning, class,” the man replied. “You may take your seats.”

OMG! Lara couldn’t take her gaze away from the man who was going to be her new geography tutor. The world and everything in it seemed to disappear. Just him.

Somebody tugged her arm and she turned to find it was Ada. The rest of the class were now seated down. Her face burned as she picked her mouth off the floor.

“You must be the new student,” the teacher said.

“Yes, sir.” She swallowed. “I’m Lara Johnson.”

“Welcome, Lara.” His lips curled in a boyish grin with a dimple on the left cheek.

Her heart thumped against her chest and her skin tingled as if he’d reserved the smile especially for her. She couldn’t help smiling in return. Geography would be her best subject this year.

“You can sit down.”

“Thank you, sir.” Sweeping a hand under her skirt, she turned to sit down and caught the glare coming from Gloria. If eyes could kill, she’d be dead. She lowered her gaze and was glad to have her back to the girl. What was Gloria’s problem, anyway?

“Before we get started,” Mr. Thomas said in a deep, mellow voice that captured the attention of the whole class. “I want to let you know that the registrations for the exam preparations tutorials are open today. If you’d like extra help with preparing for your finals, then get your name down.”

Leaning forward with elbows on the desk, Lara rested her chin in her palms and just stared at the new teacher. She’d had young teachers in her previous school, mostly Youth Corpers, but she’d didn’t recall anyone looking this young. Or this good.

He stood strikingly handsome and tall. They were all seated but she’d bet he’d tower over everyone around if they stood close to him. His skin, a dark, hickory-brown shade, contrasted brilliantly with his white shirt. The top two buttons lay undone, leading her to look up at his face.

With fascinating almond-shaped mocha-brown eyes, thick curved brows, balanced nose, full sensuous lips, and square jaw line, his face suited the cover of a magazine. Model David Agbodji had nothing on him.

Her mouth watered and she licked her lips. One word whispered in her mind. Sexy. She’d heard the term bandied about by her friends, but she’d never used it to describe anyone until now.

She’d never been more sexually aware of anyone until now.

The thought had her straightening her posture as her body warmed. She’d never had a boyfriend before, although she’d attended a mixed boarding school. Boys her age never appealed to her. Also, her parents had been strict about boyfriends. She’d been taught that boys were bad and getting involved could only lead to trouble.

Her focus had always been on academics and getting great results.

All that flew far from her mind as she couldn’t look away, absorbing every word the teacher spoke as if he addressed her alone.

“My tutorial classes will run on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons. All those interested should register using the forms on the Year Twelve notice boards.” He placed both hands on his desk and leaned forward. “Next week, there will be a test, which will cover everything we’ve discussed so far this term.”

A murmur passed through the class. Lara insides quivered and she swallowed down the panic, surprisingly not at the thought of failing the test but at disappointing her teacher. She’d have to study extra hard this week. Of course, she’d be signing up for his tutorials.

“Sir?” A student at the back raised a hand.

“Yes, Chuma.”

“This is unfair. A week is not enough notice.”

“Have you been paying attention in class since the start of the term?”

“Of course, sir.”

“Then you should have nothing to complain about. If anyone should complain about short notice, it should be Lara.”

“That’s what I meant, sir. I was complaining on behalf of the new student. It’s unfair for her to take a test when she hasn’t been in class with us.”

“Well, let’s ask her. Lara, do you think the test next week is unfair to you?”

OMG! He’s talking directly to me. Her face heated up and she swallowed a few times before she could speak.

“Well...um...it is short notice for me, sir.” Her voice sounded squeaky. She swallowed again.

“In that case, you are exempted from next week’s test, Lara.”

Another murmur went through the class and she could hear the disappointment in her classmates’ voices. She crossed her arms and shook her head. She didn’t want to be singled out for favour and end up being hated by the rest of the class.

“Excuse me, sir.” She raised her right hand.

“Yes, Lara,” the teacher replied.

“Sir, I want to take part in next week’s test.”

“Good.” He smiled at her again, making warmth spread through her chest. “Now turn to chapter four of the Physical Geography textbook.”

The class settled down as the lesson went along. His mastery of the subject and the engaging way he discussed with the class only added to her admiration of him. For a young person who was probably only a few years older than she was, his confidence and ability to keep the entire class active and participating made her want to learn so much from him. Could she stand in front of a class of teenagers and get them to listen?

Before long, the bell rang to signify the end of the class and break time. Mr. Thomas dismissed everyone and the students dispersed.

Lara sighed, disappointed that the class had ended so quickly, although a glance at her wristwatch indicated two hours had gone by since Mr. Thomas had arrived in class.

“Are you going to the canteen for lunch?” Ada asked as she got off the chair.

“Yeah. Okay,” she replied and packed up her items.

“Lara, I want to talk to you,” Mr. Thomas said.

“I’ll wait for you outside.” Ada headed for the door.

Lara remained standing on the spot.

Mr. Thomas came around to lean back on the desk, facing her. He was less than a metre away from her. Her heart thudded in her chest, her pulse skyrocketing. If she stretched out her hand and leaned forward, her finger tips would graze the front of his shirt. Would his skin feel warm to the touch? Did he have hard muscles beneath the fabric?

“I’m impressed that you agreed to take the test next week with the rest of the class,” he said, his gaze both assessing and amazed, his hand resting on his chest with his fingers splayed.

Cheeks burning, she lowered her gaze and muttered shyly, “Thank you, sir.”

“But as you can tell from the protests, my tests are not easy. As this subject is an elective, I’m determined that every student who signs up for it achieves the best result. With that in mind, I’m also aware that you’re currently at a disadvantage since you haven’t been in school from the start of the school year. I want to level out the playing field for you.”

She lifted her head, meeting his gaze. “How’s that, sir?”

“I strongly suggest you sign up for the extra weekly tutorials. But for next week, I’m offering you a daily tuition for half an hour during your lunch break.”

“All week, sir?” Her brows shot up as her pulse accelerated. She was going to be in a room alone with him for the next few days?

“Yes. Is that a problem?” His brows drew together in a frown as he leaned back on his hands.

“No, sir.” She bit her lower lip and twisted her watch around, fretting that he would withdraw the offer. “I’m just worried that you’ll be using your personal time to coach me.”

“Your concern is duly noted, Lara. But as I said earlier, I’m determined to achieve one hundred percent pass rate for my subject. You have one week to learn topics your classmates have been studying for six weeks. The work isn’t optional unless you want to drop the subject altogether.”

“No, sir,” she said quickly. The thought of not being in his class made her heart sick.

“In that case, go and grab a quick lunch and get back here in twenty minutes so we can get started.

“Thank you.” Hands shaking, she pulled her bag off the floor and hurried out of the room.

Ada stood in the hallway, fingers pressing buttons on her phone. “There you are. What did he want?”

“He’s going to give me extra lessons to catch up.”

As she spoke, Mr. Thomas came out of the classroom. He stared at both of them sternly as if he knew they were talking about him.

She bit her lip and avoided his gaze as she blushed.

“I expect you back in class at the correct time, Lara.” He turned and walked away.

“Yes, sir,” she muttered and grabbed Ada’s hand. “I don’t want to get into trouble on my first day. Please show me to the canteen.”

“Okay.”

By the time they got to the building housing the restaurant, it was already teeming with students and teachers. Lara searched the room for Lola but couldn’t find her so she sent her a message. She couldn’t stay and eat in there. She bought a meat pie and bottle of Fanta to go instead with the cash Judy had given her this morning. She then bid farewell to Ada who went to queue with another group of girls, and returned to the class.

She sat in her chair and ate her food, checking her phone for messages from Lola. None came.

Right on time, Mr. Thomas strode in. Her respect for this man ratcheted up another notch. It had to be genuine passion for his students and subject that would make him sacrifice his own personal time for her. She’d had good teachers in the past but couldn’t think of any who had done something like this before.

She pushed her chair back to stand up.

He waved a hand.

“Don’t stand up.” He stopped beside the desk.

Pulse racing, she sat forward, her attention focused on him. Would he come closer?

Her shoulders slumped when he remained where he stood. “These sessions are informal. I expect you to be on time. I expect you to pay attention, ask questions, and do the work given to you.”

“Yes, sir.” Rubbing her clammy hands against her skirt, she licked her dry lips. More than anything else, she wanted to please him. Her foot bounced against the bottom of the desk.

Crash!

The loud sound made her jump back. Eyes bulging, body trembling, she hyperventilated. Shards of broken bottle lay scattered on the linoleum floor, triggering memories of another time and place.

Broken glass shattered on tarmac. Crumpled metal, trapped bodies. The stomach-curdling smell of petrol. Crunching sounds over people’s voices. Someone called her name from far away.

A fever swept through her. Sweat trickled down her back and face. She couldn’t move. Couldn’t breathe.

Someone grabbed her shoulders. Dragged her out of the wreckage. No, the person wasn’t dragging her. She was being shaken.

“Lara...Lara!”

She looked up at the person calling her name. The same person shaking her.

What’s he doing here? He doesn’t belong in this memory.

Slowly, her environment returned to her. She blinked several times as she struggled to get air into her lungs.

“Mr. Thomas?” Her voice came out scratchy and weak, her throat dry.

“Lara, do you know where you are?” He squatted beside her, brow wrinkled.

Blinking again, she swallowed the bile in her throat and nodded. “In school.”

His gaze flitted over her body, the frown still in place. “Are you hurt?”

She stared from her hands to the glass on the floor. “No. I’m sorry. Let me clean up the mess.”

Shifting, she scrambled to get up.

“Stay there.” His tone was gentle and firm.

Stiffening, she didn’t move as she watched him stride across the room.

He snatched a sheet of paper off the table and came back to pick up the broken pieces from the floor. He dumped the big chunks in the paper bin, opened the door, and disappeared.

Rubbing her palms down her skirt, she hunched over. First day in a new school and she’d had a panic attack. In front of the most intriguing man she’d ever met, with skin like dark chocolate and eyes like the sky at night.

Oh, God! Heat crept up from her chest to her face. Wanting to get out before he came back, she grabbed her bag.

The door squeaked as it swung open and he returned with a small brush and pan.

Chest feeling tight and frozen to the spot, she watched him.

He worked quickly and thoroughly, sweeping up any last trace of glass and binning them. Striding to his desk, he pulled a bottle of water from his satchel and came back to sit in a chair across from her.

“Drink this.” He passed her the plastic container.

She unscrewed the sealed cap, tipped her head slightly back, and drank, glad to soothe her parched throat. When she finished, she stretched out her hand to pass it back.

“You can keep it,” he said, his gaze fixed to her face.

“Thank you.” She broke eye contact and stared at the desk, clutching the bottle to her side as she wrapped her arms across her body to hide her tremors.

“Lara, why did you have a panic attack?” he asked, his voice low and filled with concern.

Eyes wide, she glanced at him. How did he know? Her foot bounced on the floor. “I...I...” she stuttered.

His hand settled on her knee. Warm. Calming. “It’s okay. Breathe in and out slowly.”

She followed the instructions of his compelling voice. Her breathing evened out and the shaking stopped eventually.

“Sometimes, I wake up in the middle of the night from a nightmare,” he continued. “I’ll be shivering and sweating and feeling like I want to crawl out of my skin.”

“Really?” Her breath caught and she placed the water bottle on the desk. Why was he telling her something so personal? Something he must be ashamed to share with anyone.

Just as she was ashamed of the bad memories that plagued her.

“Yes. So if something’s happened, you can tell me. I’ll understand.” Withdrawing his hand, he leaned it on the desk beside him, the other on his knee.

She sucked in a deep breath and let it out slowly. Something about him made her want to share her experience, although she hadn’t discussed it with anyone after it happened.

Then again, people didn’t like to talk about tragedies, afraid of inviting those things into their lives. She was trying to move on from her parents’ death, but the memory stalked her. Being in a new school environment didn’t help matters.

She glanced up at Mr. Thomas. He nodded as if in understanding as his lips curled in a sad smile. His sympathetic expression bolstered her resolve. She released another slow breath.

“I was in a car crash with my parents. They were killed.” Tears misted her eyes and she swiped them with her palms. “Sometimes when I hear a loud noise, I feel as if I’m trapped in that car.”

“I’m sorry for your loss.”

The stress in his voice made her look across to him. His hands clenched into fists and the skin around his eyes bunched as he gave her a pained stare.

She recognised that expression. It was like staring in a mirror. Staring at a boy who’d undergone suffering. Someone like her. A kindred spirit.

He blinked and the distressed expression eased away as if it was an oil portrait brushed over with new paint.

“Surviving a tragedy like that is tough on anybody. We have a counsellor here at Hillcrest. If you need to talk more about it, she’s a good person.”

The tormented boy had gone and in his place sat the articulate teacher.

She nodded. But she wouldn’t talk to anyone else unless it was him. For one, she didn’t like reliving the event. Anyway, no one else would understand what it felt like to carry this guilt around unless they’d been through something similar. Why was she alive when her parents were dead? She’d asked herself the question ever since the accident.

“Good.” He lifted his arm and glanced at his watch. “Lunch break is almost over. We’ll have to pick up the lesson tomorrow. Read the whole of chapter one from the textbook before we meet then.”

She swallowed. “Yes, sir.”

Nodding, he strode to the desk and grabbed his satchel.

As she bit her lips and gripped her elbows, disappointment that he was leaving made her chest tighten. Unable to move, she watched him head to the door.

Twisting the handle, he turned back to look at her. “Lara, you’re going to be fine. With time, the way you feel will get better.”

His lips curled at one corner and he was back to looking boyish in a charming boy-next-door sort of way. Then he was gone.

Butterflies fluttered in her belly. Heat flushed her skin. For the first time in her life, she wanted a boy to notice her. Except this wasn’t a boy. He was a man, her teacher, and totally forbidden.

She wanted him nonetheless.





Click to continue reading Bound to Fate





Keep reading for Chapter One from Bound to Ransom, Bound series book 2





Blurb


Since the death of her mother, Gloria Rawlins' life has been a string of disappointments by the people she cares about; first by her father and then in a series of disastrous relationships that have shattered pieces of her heart one after another. She knows she's no angel and refuses to make herself vulnerable to anyone again. Until one man threatens to strip away the wall shielding her heart.





Henry Coker is not afraid of challenges. Abandoned by his father and raised by a single mother, he's had to work hard from the bottom up to prove himself to his peers and the world. But Gloria, the one person he desires above all others remains out of reach until an opportunity presents itself and he has the chance to buy her from her father.





Despite their incongruous arrangement, desire like theirs cannot be hidden and passion sizzles between them. But making someone fall in love may just be a challenge too far.





Bound to Ransom is a story about breaking the cycle of self-destruction, finding redemption and the powerful love that endures.





Bound to Ransom: Chapter One





Henry Coker stepped out of the chilly car as his chauffeur held the door open. The hot and humid air outside struck him as soon as the soles of his Italian-made, black leather brogues hit the concrete driveway.

All around him, the Lagos Island business district announced itself. Blaring car horns, animated conversations, spicy food aromas, and exhaust fumes—pedestrians and vehicles jostled in a kaleidoscope of scents, movements, and sounds.

In the distance, several construction cranes extended upwards like skinny arms. Some of them belonged to projects currently underway through his firm. This whole area stood under regeneration; old office blocks being renovated or new ones being built. Boom time had come for the Nigerian construction industry.

He glanced up at the overcast sky through his dark sunglasses. A storm brewed.

Just the way he liked it. He thrived on trouble. Challenges made him tick.

He shook out his shoulders and straightened his navy silk suit, pulling out his cuffs. He was a man in his prime—young, rich, and successful.

Unlike his best friend, Ike Thomas, his early years had been marked by trouble, his youth filled with hardship as the son of a single mother who had worked her bones off to provide for him and his younger sibling. He’d laboured from the bottom to the top, scraping and saving and learning and investing. Wisely. Ruthlessly.

Today, all his hard work would yield a major result.

He strode across to the entrance of the five-storey building that housed Rawlins Constructions, Ltd.

“Good afternoon, sir.” A security man in blue and black uniform held the glass door open for him.

Nodding in response, Henry crossed the threshold.

In the lobby, the blue fabric covering the padded chairs appeared faded, nicks and tears evident, too. The eggshell-coloured walls bore marks from scuffs and palm prints and needed a fresh coat of paint. Or two. The jaded furniture showed outward signs of a business in trouble. At least, the air conditioners still worked, banishing the humid heat after the door swung shut behind him.

The last time he’d been here, he’d worked for the company as an employee. A long time ago. How things had changed in only a matter of years.

The waiting area sat empty bar the pretty, dark-skinned receptionist currently distracted with her mobile phone. Raising her head, she stowed the item away and gave him a welcoming smile. He could’ve been the first person to walk in here all day, judging from her pleased expression.

“Good afternoon, sir. How can I help you?” she greeted, sitting up straight.

He leaned his arms on the high desk, returned the smile. “My name is Henry Coker. I’m here for a meeting with Chief Rawlins.”

“Sure, Mr. Coker. Chief is expecting you. Please take the lift to the fifth floor. His secretary will meet you in the lobby.”

He read the name on her white plastic employee ID card hanging on a blue sash around her neck. “Thank you, Busola.”

“You’re welcome, sir.” Her eyes sparkled with surprise and pleasure at the mention of her name and her lips widened.

He believed in treating everyone hospitably regardless of their station. One could never predict the future. His life stood as a prime example.

With a nod, he headed for the lift, pressed the button, and stepped into the empty box after it arrived. He took a quick, uninterrupted ride up to the top floor where a smartly dressed woman in a red top, black pencil skirt, and black high heels met him in the foyer. She looked to be in her early thirties.

“Welcome, Mr. Coker. I’m Simi. Chief is waiting in his office.” Her smiling lips matched the colour of her top.

“It’s nice to meet you, Simi. Lead the way.” He maintained the pleasant expression he’d given the receptionist.

She lowered her dark lashes coyly before sashaying down the corridor, her curvy hips swaying. He followed her as his body kicked to life and he suppressed his libido. He'd been celibate for too long.

The office building that used to be busy and full of employees now seemed deserted, the workspaces abandoned, and the amount of accumulating dust showed that no one had used the desks for weeks.

At a panel with the peeling plaque that read Managing Director, she knocked once and then turned the handle.

The door opened into an office covered in dark wood. It was dated and reminded him of an old movie set. Chief Rawlins sat behind a huge mahogany desk.

He strode towards the man.

“Chief, it’s good to see you,” he said in a light tone as he extended his hand.

“Henry, thank you for coming to see me,” Chief said as he took his hand in a firm shake.

“Well, when the boss invites an ordinary barrow boy like me up to his office, I have no choice but to answer the request.” His voice rang with humour.

Chief gave a laugh. “We both know that you’re not a barrow boy anymore, and I’m not your boss.” He waved at the chair. “Sit down.”

Henry lowered his body into the seat. “Well, no matter. It’s always important to give respect where respect is due.”

“And I appreciate it, which is why I wanted us to have this chat as a one-on-one without anyone else’s involvement for now.” Chief paused. “Can I get you a drink?”

“No. I don’t drink when conducting business. But I’m happy to have one once we’ve concluded our discussion.”

“That’s a good idea.” His gaze darted around the room and his hands fluttered before he leaned his elbows on the desk. “I need your help.”

Henry knew what was coming, but he wouldn’t save the old man the trouble. He’d been monitoring Rawlins Constructions for years. A business that had once been synonymous with construction at its height had started declining due to mismanagement, embezzlement, and corruption. Six months ago, one of its tower blocks had collapsed, killing residents and destroying homes and properties.

The building had been constructed on marsh land with a poor foundation, substandard materials, and in wrong quantities. Apparently, city planning officials had been bribed to obtain the appropriate license and certificates—an investigation had found that out after the accident. The insurance would’ve normally paid but due to the irregularities, the cover had been voided.

Now, the end was near for the business Chief Rawlins had set up, and the only reason he would call Henry to his office would be to ask for his help in rescuing the firm. Chief and the company were facing both criminal and civil lawsuits. The shares had dropped so much that the whole thing was worth nothing to any investor.

Henry leaned forward, mirroring Chief’s pose.

“Tell me how I can help,” he said, pretending he had no clue what the man wanted.

“I presume you know the situation already with the collapse of Greco Mansions. Because of the legal action in place, all my assets have been frozen, as well as the company assets. The business is running with shell staff. I’ve had to send people home until further notice. My lawyers assure me that we’ll win the lawsuit, but in the meantime, investors are getting rid of their stock, which has made the value plummet.”

He pulled out a handkerchief and dabbed his sweaty forehead. “I have to think about the families of the men and women who have worked here for years. I have to think about my family.”

“How would you like me to help?” Henry asked in a grave voice.

“You’ve worked for Rawlins. You know this is a good company. Unfortunately, there were a few managers who have been embezzling funds. I found out who they are and dealt with them. I don’t want this company to go down the drain. This is where you come in. I need you to buy Rawlins Construction.”

Henry puffed out a heavy sigh. He pulled his brows together and tapped the table with his fingertips.

“This is a bad time to think about selling the business, Chief. Your stocks are worth nothing in the open market,” he said quietly.

The corners of Chief’s mouth tightened. “I know that, which is why I’m talking to you privately. You know that this company is worth a lot more than what anyone else would value it. Our reputation and contacts alone are worth a lot.”

“I’m sorry to say, Chief, but the reputation of Rawlins collapsed along with Greco Mansions. And your contacts won’t want to be linked with a company being sued for fraud as well as criminal negligence and corporate manslaughter.” He deliberately kept his tone matter of fact, but his words were the nails in the coffin.

Chief’s eyes narrowed before he forced a smile. “Fine. Perhaps our worth is down the drain, but I was hoping to appeal to your sense of loyalty. I picked you up from the gutter and gave you a job. You wouldn’t be the man you are today if I didn’t give you a chance.”

Henry’s hands clenched around the arms of the chair. He sucked in a shallow breath and released it, holding himself back from saying that he would’ve made it even if the man in front of him hadn’t offered him a labourer’s job many years ago.

But he didn’t want to rile the man. He still had an ace up his sleeve that he would play when he was ready.

“Yes, sir. I appreciate the opportunities you offered me. I learned the tools of the construction business from Rawlins.”

He’d worked damn hard and gone from labourer to foreman in a short space of time. It had taken his sweat and determination and sometimes his blood, considering some of the injuries he’d incurred.

After his degree program, he’d worked even harder setting up his firm. He’d found suppliers happy to give him the materials without the inflated prices. He’d found dedicated workers—young men like him struggling to survive in Nigeria hit by the aftermath of successive unstable governments and a rough economy. Gradually, he’d built up a thriving business and workforce, undercutting Rawlins Constructions for the contracts and winning more and more bids.

And the key to their success was that they delivered, which made the clients recommend them again and again.

“So, will you help me?” Chief asked, his desperation now evident in his feverish eyes and twitchy fingers.

Closing his eyes for a moment, Henry sighed. Such a shame to see a man of Chief's calibre brought to his knees. For sure, he would insure himself from making the same mistakes the old man had made.

Still, it didn't stop his heart from pounding with anticipation at the opportunity presented to him. One of the things that drove his successes constituted of his ability to capitalise on openings like this one.

“I’m happy to help your business. I will take on your creditors and pay off your debt. The business itself, I will buy for a token sum, and absorb your operations into mine.”

Chief slumped into his chair and closed his eyes. For a moment, Henry worried he had fallen ill until he saw the steady rise and fall of his chest. A slow smile appeared on the old man’s face as he opened his eyes.

“Thank you,” Chief said.

Henry held himself steady, but he didn’t smile in return. “Don’t thank me yet. I want something in return for helping you.”

The old man shrugged. “Sure. I realise nothing goes for nothing. So if it’s something I can give you, then sure, you can have it.”

It was Henry’s turn to smile. “It’s definitely something you can give me. The question is if she’ll come to me willingly.”

“She?” Chief scratched his cheek before rubbing his chin. “I don’t understand.”

Henry sat back in the chair, ready to show his ace card. He’d waited years for this. He placed his elbows on the arms of the chair and brought the tips of his fingers together to form a steeple. He held the man’s gaze, making sure he wouldn’t mistake his words.

“I want your daughter, Gloria, in return for me helping you.”

The man still appeared confused.

“Gloria?” Then a smile returned to his face. “Oh, I get it. You want to marry my daughter.”

He shrugged. Marriage wasn’t exactly the thing he had in mind. Revenge was top of his list. Especially since the woman in question had once told him he wasn’t good enough for her.

“No, Chief. I don’t want to marry your daughter. A happily ever after will never work between the two of us as your daughter seems to dislike me so very much. She once said to me that she wouldn’t marry me if I were the last man on Earth. And you didn’t exactly approve of her being in a relationship with me, either.”

The man’s head reared back as if Henry had struck him. His mouth opened and closed like a fish, but he said nothing.

“So you see, marriage is kind of out of the question,” Henry continued. “And considering her track record, it’s not a good idea, anyway. How long did her last marriage last? Three months? Six?”

Chief seemed to go white, and he dropped his gaze. He tugged the collar of his lace buba and more sweat beaded his forehead.

“Yes, my daughter has had disastrous relationships recently. But what has that got to do with any of this? What exactly do you want from her?”

“As I said already, I want her. Whatever amount I use in paying off your creditors will constitute the amount of the bride price for Gloria. She will live with me and to all intents and purposes, she will be my wife. But any day she decides to leave me, which she is free to do anytime, I'll be obliged to call back the amount I paid your creditors. Everything you own will belong to me. There'll be no legal documents listing her as my wife, but there will be documents outlining the exact amount you owe me.”

“What? You’re buying my daughter?” Chief Rawlins looked like he was about to have a heart attack.

Henry stood up and walked around the desk as he reached out. The man pushed him away and glared at him.

“I asked you a question.” He banged on his desk with his fist. “Are you offering to buy my daughter in exchange for helping my business?”

“Yes.” He didn’t return to his chair. Instead, he shoved his hands into his pockets in a relaxed pose. “I’ll give you time to think it over and convince your daughter it’s the right thing. But we both know your creditors won’t wait for long. Have a nice day, Chief.”

He knew exactly how long some of those creditors would last because they were businesses linked to him.

Henry turned around and walked out of the old man’s office. He’d made his move. The next one was Gloria’s. And he couldn’t wait.





Click to continue reading Bound to Ransom





About the author





Kiru is the award winning author of His Treasure. She writes sensual and passionate multicultural romance stories set mostly in Africa. When she's not writing you can find her either immersed in a good book or catching up with friends and family. She currently lives in the South of England with her husband and three children.





Connect with her or sign up to receive free books and giveaways at her website:

http://www.kirutaye.com





