Beautiful & Dirty



The Family





Katrina Jackson





Contents




Content Warnings





Chapter 1



Chapter 2



Chapter 3



Chapter 4



Chapter 5



Chapter 6



Chapter 7



Chapter 8



Six Hours Later



Epilogue





Acknowledgments



More by Katrina Jackson





Content Warnings





assassination attempt (gunshot)

maiming

torture

discussion of murder





Chapter 1





I want all the carbs. That’s all I can think when I step off the train in Naples, Italy. Alone, even though my boyfriend was supposed to be next to me.

We’d been planning this trip for a year, saving every penny, making all of our meals at home, passing on drinks out with friends and coffee at our favorite café down the street from our apartment so that we could enjoy ourselves on this trip. All the fucking good that did us. Me. All the fucking good that’s done me on this cursed trip. My mother always said that if you want to know who someone really is at their core, take a trip with them. Lesson learned.

My boyfriend Steve and I had saved every penny we could for an entire year for the trip that was supposed to cement our relationship, and then as soon as we landed in Rome, everything went to shit. It all started when we landed, only to find that Steve’s suitcase hadn’t arrived. According to the baggage claim agent, there had been some kind of mistake, and his bag was still in D.C.; it was never even loaded onto our plane. It sucks, but it’s the kind of thing that happens every day, hundreds of times of day, probably — that’s what I kept telling myself and Steve — it happens, but it’s not the end of the world.

I feel like the thing anyone would need to know about me is that I’m a people-pleaser. I sometimes wish I wasn’t, but I am. I hate conflict and confrontation, and I always try to see things from other people’s points of view so I can avoid conflict, or back immediately away if I stumble into it. Smoothing things over is one of my gifts, and I will go completely out of my way to make someone else more comfortable in any situation, without a second thought. I’m not the kind of people-pleaser who needs everyone to like me, it’s just that I want everyone around me to be happy, and the lesson I’ve learned about myself over the past week is that I want other people to be happy apparently more than I want to be happy myself.

Even I’m depressed by this admission. But I am who I am, that’s not the problem. The problem is that, if someone had asked me two weeks ago, I’d have said Steve was similar. And I’d have been wrong as hell.

While I worked with the baggage claim agent to get the airline the address of our hotel and a voucher so Steve could buy a few necessities — you know, underwear, a toothbrush, whatever — Steve yelled and pouted and whined on WhatsApp to his mother like a child. I’d rationalized at the time that his behavior might not have been polite, but it was understandable. I wouldn’t have thrown a tantrum in the airport — in a foreign country, no less — because my mother would never have allowed that kind of behavior, but lots of people would do that and have done that. I’m sure people throwing very public tantrums in airports must be another thing that happens hundreds of times a day. Besides, I couldn’t imagine how hard it was to land in a foreign country after a ten-hour flight, dry-mouthed, dirty, and tired, only to find out that all your clean clothes and toiletries are thousands of miles away. So, I tried to be understanding.

This is how my brain works all the time. Every time I felt annoyed at Steve not helping me help him, I just thought about how uncomfortable he must have been, and poof, sympathy chip activated and turned all the way up. It’s surprisingly easy for me to do this; it’s second nature, like breathing. And even more so because I love Steve and I wanted him to be happy and comfortable, but I never stopped to think about how uncomfortable I was. That’s, apparently, not second nature.

But still, I fought so hard — politely, of course — to get him some concessions from the airline. It took two hours, but when we finally left the airport with clothes and food vouchers, I was so proud of myself, certain that the rest of our trip would be smooth sailing from that point on. Naively, I thought once we checked into our hotel, showered, and took a nap in a clean bed, Steve’s mood would improve, and we could restart the trip of our dreams.

WRONG.

Steve bitched the entire cab ride, and when we arrived at the hotel, he whined about how small our room was, even though I’d sent him plenty of articles about the quaint size of traditional Italian bed and breakfast rooms, especially in the center of Rome, just so we could both be prepared. In fact, before we even started saving for the trip, Steve and I had a lengthy conversation about our budget and what we wanted to prioritize. I thought we’d agreed that food and wine were the most important things, so if we had to get a smaller hotel room or middle seats in coach, that would be perfectly fine, because Rome was the trip of a lifetime. Had he forgotten?

But then he started complaining about how old everything looked.

It’s Rome!

I felt like I was in an alternate universe, standing in the middle of our adorably small room, listening to this man who looked like Steve but wasn’t acting like him. I was exhausted, confused, and bordering on angry; and I never get angry.

I looked around the room, trying to find some purpose, some explanation for why Steve was behaving this way, and I couldn’t. The walls were covered in an outdated but charming textured wallpaper that looked straight out of the last century — early last century. There was an adorable quilt draped over the foot of the bed that looked like someone’s grandmother had knitted it especially for this room, the carpet was some strange color they probably stopped manufacturing in the seventies, and the single window was covered in a gauzy curtain that looked out onto a square. The room looked dated, yet tasteful in a way I imagined only a bed and breakfast in a city as old as Rome could. It looked exactly like the pictures on the website, and I loved it in person as much as I had online. What the fuck was Steve talking about?

When I looked at him, a wave of confusion cut through the exhaustion as I mentally replayed all those conversations we’d had about this trip, all the articles I’d read and forwarded to him, all the Yelp and Travelocity reviews I’d saved, and realized far too late that I’d done all the talking and research and prep work and relayed it to him, while he’d played video games. Each new complaint that fell from his mouth made me realize that I was the only one in this relationship who’d actually prepared for this trip. I was the only one who’d been looking forward to this experience with every ounce of my soul. I was in this alone.

How had I missed that? What else had I missed? And how many other words can I find to express that I was wrong, stupid, and naïve and had been for over a year? Maybe longer?

I didn’t know how to answer any of the questions that dawned on me in that moment, so I’d turned away from Steve, opened my suitcase and started unpacking, anything to take my mind off of the uncomfortable realizations about my relationship, and maybe even myself. I started rooting around in my suitcase, looking for my toiletries, desperate to jump in the shower and wash away all of…this. Maybe I’d think better in clean clothes, I thought to myself, but Steve ruined that as well.

I was still looking for my body wash when Steve started whining because the hotel restaurant wasn’t open for lunch. When I reminded him that the website had been very clear that they’re only open for breakfast and dinner, he’d started pouting again. And even though I was tired and rocked by his whining, I’m still a people-pleaser. And so, instead of climbing in the shower, I left our hotel room in the same clothes I’d been wearing for nearly two days and went in search of food for Steve while he showered with my body wash.

Oh, did I mention that I don’t speak Italian?

Doesn’t matter, because a positive side effect of my people-pleasing personality is that people like me, even when they can’t understand me. I smile. I blush. I pull out my phrase book and look confused — because I am — I apologize and say thank you profusely. And then I make things happen. An hour later, I returned to our room with a selection of panini, fresh fruit from an adorable market I’d stumbled upon, two big bottles of water, and even a small bottle of wine, only to find Steve snoring in our bed.

At the time, I blamed the pressure of tears in my eyes on the jet lag. I was just tired, not having serious doubts about my boyfriend or anything. I loved Steve, and he loved me. We’d been together since we were eighteen, one trip wouldn’t break us. I thought those soothing — or delusional — mantras in my head while I ate alone, showered, and crawled under the covers beside him, exhausted. As I drifted off to sleep, I managed to muster just a bit more optimism that when I woke up, Steve would be the man I’d spent the last seven years with, and everything would be good again.

Wrong again. God, I must sound like a broken record right now.

Steve shook me awake in the middle of the night, frustrated that his sandwiches were cold. I don’t know what the fuck he thought I was supposed to do about that, but I fell asleep before he could strip search me for a microwave or something equally ludicrous, and before I could say something I might regret.

You’ve probably guessed by now that our grand Italian vacation hasn’t been the trip of a lifetime. It’s been hell, actually, even worse than you can imagine.

For the past week and a half, I’ve felt like a weary kindergarten teacher while Steve threw tantrums at me all over this beautiful ancient city I’ve been dying to visit since I was a kid. And because I cannot turn off that gene in my DNA that just wants to make other people happy, I’ve bent over backward each and every time, breaking myself in half dozens of times each day. For him.

And what has he given me in return? The biggest migraine of my life.

It’s been horrendous, and I want to go home so bad, I’m near tears every night. And then every morning, I abruptly wake up, heart racing, chest heaving, and my ears straining for any sign of life from the other side of the bed. I only calm down when his muffled snores hit my ear, or he kicks me in his sleep.

For a sad few seconds, I revel the knowledge that I have a few moments of peace and then waste that time dreading the moment when he will groan into consciousness with his first complaint of the day. To say that this wasn’t the trip I’d been waiting a year to experience is the understatement of the century.

A different person would have probably reached their breaking point days ago, maybe even on the first day, but… people-pleaser! Before this trip, I wasn’t even certain I had a breaking point, but apparently, I do, and I hit it today.

As soon as we decided to come to Rome, we knew we had to take a train journey to Naples for the pizza. We wanted to see the bit of countryside and small towns between Rome and Naples fly by. We wanted to have a romantic train journey and feel like real Europeans, and then we wanted to gorge ourselves on real Italian pizza and wine. Together. Or I did, at least.

But here I am in Naples, all alone. Why? Well, that’s a great story that begins and ends with the fact that my boyfriend of seven years is a fucking idiot, and I’ve only just realized it.

We bought our train tickets separately because Steve’s parents had gifted him his flight and train tickets as a belated graduation present, which was fine. I mean, I graduated too, and I’d basically helped Steve pass his midterms and final exams our entire relationship, but his parents don’t like me, so… whatever, it’s fine. I’m not bitter at all. I worked extra shifts at the diner and took on some new tutoring gigs to afford my half of the trip, because this was my dream. But that’s not why I’m here alone.

I’m here alone because a full two months ago, I got an email from the train company reminding me that I needed to bring my passport to the train station to verify my identity before I could board. I told Steve when I got the email to check his own for the same. I reminded him while we were going over our itinerary before we landed in Italy. And I told him this morning before I got in the shower. But when we got to the train station, he didn’t have his passport.

“That’s alright,” I said, annoyed, but trying to hide it. “Just take a cab back to the hotel and grab your passport. I’ll wait for you.” We’d arrived at the train station in more than enough time because I like to be prepared for the unexpected.

His eyebrows furrowed at me as he frowned. “Can’t we go together?”

And then my eyebrows had furrowed, and I frowned in return.

When we were kids, my cousin Zoe used to say that one day, some trifling man would open my eyes and make me realize that people — especially men — suck. Because I’m a people-pleaser, I used to just nod at her, but deep down, I thought most people — including men — were mostly good. I’d always believed that a trifling boyfriend just needed the right woman to help them rise to the occasion. I know that sounds foolish, but I’m an optimist at heart. I also think I’m a good judge of character and never thought I’d choose to be with someone trifling. Right?

WRONG. AS. FUCK.

I was standing in the middle of one of the busiest train stations in Europe with my shitty boyfriend staring at me with pleading eyes, silently begging me to escort him back to our hotel as if he was a toddler, and I finally realized that Zoe was right. And I lost all faith in the male species and, pathetically, myself.

It would have been so easy to say, “Okay,” in that strained, chipper voice I use when I’m about to say yes to something that most people would say “Fuck no,” to. But for the first time in my life, I don’t say the easy thing. “Why?” I asked.

“Why what?”

“Why should I go back with you? It’s a five-minute ride. Ask the cabbie to wait for you, you’ll be back in a heartbeat.”

“We could be back in a heartbeat,” he said, looking at me with the same cocky smile that convinced me to give up my virginity after our first college kegger two months into our freshman year.

I cocked my head to the side. “Do you need my Italian phrase book?”

His face had immediately gone crimson, and I got it; I finally got it. Not just this moment, but this entire trip and all the planning beforehand. I’d done it all — all the preparation, all the research — and once we’d arrived, I’d done all the communicating, even though I didn’t speak Italian, and Steve had minored in the language in college. I’d done everything to make this trip run as smoothly as possible, with absolutely no help from the man I’d been hoping would propose to me in front of the Trevi Fountain. And now, he wanted me to go back to the hotel with him because he wanted me to help him get a cab, and he’d probably send me running up to our room to get his passport even though this was his mistake. A mistake he would never own up to, by the way. I finally, finally got it.

“I reminded you,” I said.

“What?”

“I told you this morning and so many other times that you’d need your passport to get on the train. Why didn’t you bring it?”

He spluttered, “Does that really matter now? Our train leaves in thirty minutes.”

I took in a deep breath and tried to imagine what Zoe would say in this moment. I cringed and decided not to channel her. So I thought about what her sister Zahra would say. That was better — still a bit stern for me, but better.

“You’re right,” I said to Steve with a small smile. He’d relaxed and smiled back at me, clearly thinking he’d gotten me to capitulate, because based on all of our history, why wouldn’t he think that? But it was his turn to be wrong. “Our train leaves in thirty minutes. I’ll see you in our seats,” and then I’d turned and walked away.

It took everything I had not to look back at him, but Zahra wouldn’t have done that, and so I didn’t either. I was a woman pissed the fuck off and exhausted from what should have been a relaxing vacation. Fuck his feelings.

Twenty minutes later, I boarded the train, fully expecting Steve to slide into his seat next to me just before the train left, red-faced, sweaty, and pissed off. He didn’t. I gave serious consideration to texting him to see where he was or hopping off to wait, but I didn’t. When the train finally pulled away from the platform, I exhaled for the first time since landing at Fiumicino Airport, maybe even for the first time in years.

And now that I’ve arrived in Naples, I’m ready to see all the sights and eat all the pizza. I don’t know where Steve is, and I surprisingly don’t care. He tried to call me halfway through the train ride, but I sent him to voicemail and put my phone on silent. He’s ruined every other moment of this trip for me so far, and I refuse to let him steal this day from me too. I deserve the itinerary I’d painstakingly planned for this day trip, so I push my sunglasses onto my face and go over it in my head.

First stop is the Naples National Archaeological Museum. Second stop, pizza. Simple. Easy. Best itinerary ever.

No Steve necessary.





Chapter 2





“Should I break his fingers, boss?” Alfonso asks.

I watch Umberto’s face closely, not that I need to, his emotions have been anything but subtle. He’s been sweating ever since we sat down in my office; my real office at the back of the restaurant, not the one just off the kitchen full of ledgers, a computer I never use, and a mostly empty safe. That one’s for show; this one’s where the real work happens, and Umberto knows that. That’s why he’s been sweating, anticipating what’s coming, wondering how far I’m willing to go to get the information I want.

Alfonso’s words are so tame considering what the walls of this room have seen, but they’re enough to make Umberto begin shaking so hard the flop sweat is practically pouring down his face and splashing onto his cheap suit now.

This doesn’t mean much. If I were in his shoes, I’d be sweating and shaking, too. But if I’d done what I think he has, I’d be more than shaking. If I’d betrayed someone in my position, I’d never have let myself get taken; I’d be in another country right now. But if Umberto were like me, he’d have my job, and that’s a tall order. A lot of people think they can do what I do until it’s time to make the hard decisions, and then they demur, give the difficult choices to their lieutenants, or push them off for another day until someone with the balls to do the work comes in and slits their throats. Someone like me.

This isn’t a hard decision, though, and there’s no need to demur or delegate. “Just one,” I tell Alfonso. I’m feeling magnanimous.

“Salvo, wait,” Umberto cries in a shaky voice. It’s pathetic, but I can’t blame him. Fingers matter, especially in his line of work, but he can make suits with nine fingers.

He tries to struggle, but Giulio holds him by the shoulders as Alfonso grabs his right hand and smoothly pulls Umberto’s index finger back so far, the sharp crack of bone rends the air and reverberates off the stone walls. There’s something about the acoustics here that makes the sound sharper, sicker. But then it’s drowned out by Umberto’s howling wail. I don’t mind the former, but the latter will give me a headache if I have to listen to it for too long. There’s something about hearing a grown man cry like a baby that just begs a migraine to bloom. I imagine that there’s a clock in the room counting down how long I can suffer through this. But this is just a hazard of the job, and my brain is calm, and if it were only about the mind, I could draw this out for hours — migraine or not. I’ve done it before.

But three months ago, someone tried to kill me, and my patience has worn thin.

I remember everything about that day. I’d just left mass. I’m not religious, but it’s important to keep up appearances, so the clergy and police leave me alone, and I enjoy the restfulness of being inside the cathedral, the incense, the chanting, the ritual. I didn’t pay attention to any of it, not with my full mind, and I’d long ago stopped taking communion, but there was something about the chanting and the prayer that always lulled me under, and I let my mind relax like I had thousands of times before.

When mass was over, I filed out into the street with my wife at my side and my security working to cut a path through the milling crowd. Again, we’d done this before, and in hindsight, that was my mistake. It’s stupid for a man like me with a job like mine to have a routine, but it was hard to imagine myself in danger while surrounded by little old ladies hobbling toward the exit or whispering to one another about who I am and what I do, afraid to say it loud enough for me to hear just in case the rumors are true. The worst part of mass was avoiding the priests’ silently judging eyes as I pass, but if that’s the most dangerous part of a day, I can survive that with ease.

But glaring priests gave way to something much more dangerous.

I knew the minute I saw Carmine Facciolo’s face what he was about, and it was as if I watched it all in slow motion. He raised his hand, and the gun glinted ominously in the sunlight. I pushed my wife out of the way just as Alfonso threw himself at Carmine’s body. He was too late to get the gun out of his hand, but in just enough time that the barrel shifted, and the bullet hit me in the right shoulder instead of square in my chest.

It was a through and through, and the bullet lodged in the church’s façade; something else Father Rizzo blames me for. I bled all over my favorite suit, but it was barely above a scratch, and I’m practically back to my old self a few months later. But the gunshot wound still itches first thing in the morning and stings in the cold. When I sit for too long in the same position, my shoulder locks, and my entire body is stiff and achy for hours, sometimes days. But it could have been much worse, so who am I to complain?

And I didn’t cry, I think to myself with a sneer at Umberto, holding his injured hand to his chest and blubbering like a baby.

There’s something about the gunshot wound that’s shortened my patience and my temper. I don’t want to wait hours for Umberto to come around. I don’t want to waste my entire day listening to his pathetic simpering while my shoulder and head throb, and my anger grows to something dangerous I haven’t had to let loose in years. And Umberto doesn’t want that either, even if he doesn’t know that the longer I wait, the worse it’ll be for him.

I give myself five more minutes of this interrogation before the countdown clock in my head goes off, and I unleash. I waste forty-five seconds waiting for Umberto to stop crying.

“Where’s my money, Umberto?” I ask when his sobbing has subsided to whimpering cries.

He shakes his head, clutching his hand even closer to his chest. “I don’t know,” he mumbles.

I roll my eyes with a sigh. “Another,” I tell Alfonso.

Other men in my position might have given Umberto more time. They might have shown Umberto some grace, offered him a shot of something strong to take away the pain. But I’ve killed the other men in my position, clearing the path for my rise to power, and you want to know how I did that? I made that second of hesitation a costly mistake for my rivals. It’s a weakness, as far as I’m concerned, and I won’t fall prey to it, especially not with this fucking headache rippling through my head like a slow-moving tsunami. I subtract a minute from my mental clock.

There’s another sharp crack, followed by Umberto’s screams and cries.

This time, I don’t give him time to quiet down. “The money.”

“Salvo,” Umberto wails.

“Another.” I can’t tell if these are new wails or just one long cry. Does it matter? “Or should we take the finger instead of breaking it? The hand? The arm?” I ask simply. I’m feeling much less magnanimous now.

“It’s at my mistress’s apartment,” Umberto splutters. “In a safe, in my office.” His face is covered in sweat, tears, and snot. Pathetic. Easy.

And I’m done, with just over a minute to spare.

I uncross my legs and stand. I straighten my slacks and look down at Umberto, even though I’m speaking to Alfonso and Giulio. “Take him to his whore’s apartment. Retrieve my money. If he gives you any trouble, take the whole fucking hand,” I say and then turn and walk from the room.

“Salvo!” Umberto calls after me. I don’t stop.

I open the door into the restaurant and shut the door to my office behind me, cutting off the sound of Umberto’s pleas. I mentally check that off today’s to-do list.

On the way to the kitchen, I stop in my fake office. I take off my cashmere cardigan and hang it on the hook behind the door, exchanging it for the pristine apron I keep there for pretense.

I tie it tight around my waist, and before I leave, I check my mobile phone.

I roll my eyes, and that headache I’d been rushing to avoid comes roaring to life — no warning, no countdown clock — as soon as I see the benign text message from my wife, Flavia, telling me that she’ll be having dinner with her sister tonight.

I read it. I understand it. I hate it. I hate her. I don’t reply.

I wish I could text her the long stream of expletives that always fill my head when I see her or send Alfonso and Giulio to handle it — her — but I can’t. Not just because she’s a woman and my wife, but because my marriage is the only problem in my life that I can’t fix with brute force or a gun; so, I fix it with money.

If I’d had a choice, I never would have gotten married. I was perfectly happy single, fucking whoever I wanted, whenever I wanted, wherever I wanted, and then going home to my own bed and sleeping alone with my favorite pistol in my bedside table. That was the life I’d envisioned, that I’d killed more than a few men to ensure. But to finally grab the thing I’d worked for — my position at the head of The Family — I had to create an alliance, and because sometimes criminals are still just dumb fucking animals, the only way to do that was to marry the daughter of my predecessor. Never mind that her father was a violent bastard that everyone — including Flavia — hated, or that I’d killed him; all that mattered was that a few factions in the city refused to follow me unless I married her, and I haven’t had a single day of peace in nearly twenty years because of it.

I roll my eyes, throw my cell phone back onto my desk, and walk into the restaurant to sit at the small table closest to the bar.

“Ciao, boss. Espresso?” Adriana asks, placing my favorite newspaper in front of me.

“Si.” If the police are keeping notes, and they usually are, I must seem very boring, which is the goal. I leave my penthouse apartment every day by six, Alfonso and Giulio drive me to the restaurant, and then I spend the rest of the day at the same small table, drinking espresso, reading the newspaper, being visible. Nothing to see here. It’s all a façade, and the police know it as well as I do, but we all have our parts to play.

But good acting always has a grain of truth, and the moment each day when I sit down at this table with the daily newspaper and an espresso are the closest I ever get to experiencing calm. I don’t know what normal is for other people, but I think that this is what it must feel like, and I cherish it, especially after the assassination attempt.

A few minutes later, Adriana places my espresso just at the edge of the table in my line of sight and easy to grasp, without disturbing me. I reach for it just as the front door opens, and I look up as a reflex. No one gets to where I’ve gotten by thinking they’re safe, not even in their own establishment, and apparently, not even in mass. I’ve made that mistake once and paid the price, but not again. So, I look up as my front door opens to make sure that whoever’s just entered isn’t a threat I need to interrupt my morning ritual to handle.

My hand stills just around the small cup when I see her. My cock, however, wakes up. The surge of blood to my groin burns away the headache Umberto seeded and Flavia watered to blossom. There’s no room for a headache when I want this woman — whoever the fuck she is — more than I’ve wanted anything in a long fucking while.





Chapter 3





Is the sun shining brighter in Naples, or am I just a Pollyanna? Or maybe I’m just so fucking happy to be more than one hundred miles away from Steve that this city seems better than it is. I don’t notice the trash lining the street or the old men yelling at each other in the park as I stroll across town after I leave the museum. I just feel so free that nothing bad can touch me.

I should be worried about what that says about my relationship, but my stomach grumbles, and all I can think about is pizza. I shake out of my jacket in the dim restaurant and decide to leave the existential relationship crisis for later because this mood is too good to chase away with worry. It deserves red wine and pizza.

I ask to sit in front of the window so I can look out on the square while I eat. I wish it was a little bit warmer so I could sit outside, but plane tickets to Italy in the summer were nearly twice the price, and our same hotel in Rome would have doubled as well, so Steve and I had chosen to visit late winter to preserve our meager budget. Or maybe that had been my decision, and he had just grunted and nodded while killing an orc in some game.

Maybe next time I come, I’ll be able to afford a summer trip, I think as I fall into a chair and smile to myself. I purposely ignore the silent question at the back of my head wondering if I’ll come alone or with Steve. Avoidance feels really wonderful right now.

“Welcome to La Casa Colonica,” the waitress says, setting two menus, one on top of the other, in front of me. She taps the small one on top first. “Drinks, and food,” she says, tapping the larger one on the bottom.

“Grazie,” I say in a shy voice. I know my Italian is terrible, even on simple words, but I’m trying. Please don’t judge me, I think at her.

She smiles and nods at me before turning away, something she probably does to all the tourists, and I exhale in relief.

I open the drinks menu and rub my hands on my thighs to warm them. I don’t need to read Italian to recognize most of what I’m seeing — which is great, because I can’t — so I navigate to the wine page and try and decide what looks good in my budget.

I don’t know much about wine since I’m barely past the Jägerbomb, lemon drop, hurricane stage of my life, but I do know that I like it, and I couldn’t come to Italy without drinking as much of it as my body and budget will allow. I’d imagined Steve and I at wine tastings pretending to understand food pairings, but instead, he’d complained so much that I’d been maxed out on Tylenol damn near every day, and drinking wine had seemed like a bad idea. But since I left my headache somewhere between Rome and Naples, I now want all the wine.

I look at the menu and translate what I can. I’m mostly focused on price because I don’t have any idea what might pair well with all the pizza I can shove in my mouth, but I do know what pairs well with my meager savings account. I look around the restaurant, searching for my waitress. My eyes skate past an older man with a thick head of gray hair sitting at a table alone reading a newspaper. There’s a couple sitting together in the center of the dining room, staring at one another over the table like they’re only seconds from fucking each other on top of it. I look away from them quickly, not because I’m embarrassed, but because I’m jealous; that’s how I thought Steve and I would spend this trip, looking longingly into one another’s eyes and making love all night.

I need wine.

I spot my waitress at the bar and catch her eye. I raise my hand a bit, and she nods at me. I’ve been a waitress long enough to know that if I need to know what to order, I should just ask the person who knows the menu best. I wait for her and turn back to the menus in front of me. When she’s close, I look up to see her walking toward me with a bottle of wine in her hand and a single wine glass in the other. I try to peek at the label to see what it is, thinking maybe I could order that, but then she sets the glass on the table in front of me and turns the bottle of wine, label out, toward me.

“Um…” I look up at her. “I didn’t order this.”

Her smile doesn’t falter, even though I’m sure she’s exasperated that I’ve said something so obvious. “Si. This is compliments of our owner.”

“Your… owner?”

She moves slightly to the side, and I look around her to see the older man with the gray hair and newspaper looking at me. I’d glossed over him before, but now I look — like, really look — at him. He’s wearing a pair of thin wire frame glasses perched just on the tip of his elegantly long nose, and he’s peering through the lenses across the dining room at me. And I know this sounds like a cliché, but he’s looking at me like no man ever has before, like he wants to watch me undress and then eat me for dessert. The desire in his eyes is so blatant that I gasp in shock. I feel the heat of his eyes on me in every vein in my body, but I feel how much I like him watching me in just one pulsing, needy, suddenly wet place, and shock isn’t a strong enough way to describe what that realization does to me.

I met Steve when I was eighteen. We’d been in our college dorms for four days. It was the second day of classes, and we were both lost. We passed each other in the hallway once and then again before he stopped me and asked what room I was looking for. It just so happened we were heading to the same Psychology 101 class and decided to find it together. It took us another five minutes to figure out that maze of a building. We were late. We sat next to each other that day and for the rest of the semester. I thought it was love, and maybe it was.

But what it wasn’t was lust.

I didn’t know that then. I didn’t even know there was a difference between affable growing attraction and an intense burning, clenching need. I didn’t know I could feel the latter. I had no idea what I’d been missing, but I know now, because when I lock eyes with the older restauranteur, I feel hot, everywhere. Hot enough that I could have sat outside in the late winter chill without a care. Warm enough that I feel as if I’m wearing too many clothes, and I want nothing more than to strip them off. For him. Or, even better, I want him to take all these clothes off me, his fingers skimming across my overheated skin. I want to look down my body at him and run my fingers through his hair. And then I want to gently take his glasses from his face before I nudge his head between my legs.

I’m so turned on, and it’s a foreign feeling. I’ve never in seven years felt anything like this for Steve, and I can’t escape the crashing disorientation of realizing that I feel more strongly for this stranger than I ever have for my boyfriend; the force of this lust illuminates that affection is not the same as love.

As I watch, the silver fox pushes up from his chair and walks toward me. I’ve never had a thing for older men or anything, and since I’ve been with Steve for my entire adult life, I’ve never had the opportunity to sample the many different flavors of men available in the world, but as I watch this man stroll toward me with the kind of confidence I’m certain must come with age — and a big dick — I wonder if I’ve been missing something, and the answer hits me like a brick in the face.

Of course, I’ve been missing something. I’ve never had sex with anyone besides Steve.

And speaking of sex, I think this man is probably amazing at it just by the way he walks, which makes me realize that Steve is not. Isn’t that a bitch? I don’t even need to have sex with anyone else. All I needed was the suggestion of it, to have the personal space and time to give sex with someone else real consideration to realize what I haven’t before; that Steve is bad at sex. Our sex life had always been unfulfilling, but I haven’t ever had any other partners to compare him to or to know that it could be different. He comes. I come… sometimes. We fall asleep next to each other. But it’s always his same impatient rutting on top of me, no variation, no trying new things, no dirty talk, no toys, no taking control and making me gag on his dick, no making me wet begging for it, no spending the entire night sitting on his face. Somehow, watching this man has opened a door of desire inside me where I finally see all the things Steve and I could have tried, all the porn that gets me off secretly while he’s at work that we could have emulated, all the sexual boundaries we could have tested to expand our horizons, but we haven’t, and I didn’t even realize that with another man, that might have been an option. That maybe if I had dated someone else, this fictional new boyfriend would have taken my sexual inexperience as the beginning rather than the end of the story. That with another man, I might have become someone else, someone who wasn’t such a people-pleaser, someone who asked for what she wanted in bed instead of silently taking what was on offer and remaining unsatisfied; someone bolder. My breath quickens as this man walks slowly toward me, and I feel all these possibilities in his every step.

Out of nowhere, I suddenly remember how Zoe described her first real orgasm with her college roommate — “like the sky split, the heavens opened, and my pussy sang a hymn.” I’ve never felt that. Steve has never made me feel that. Would this man?

He stops at my table and looks down at me. Up close, I realize that he’s not as old as the gray hair made me think. His face only has a few lines between his eyes and bracketing his mouth, as if he frowns a lot, certainly more than he smiles. Up close, he looks elegantly put together, from his hair to his apron to his perfectly manicured nails. This is a man who takes care of himself, and I imagine that this is a man who’d give my body the same kind of careful attention. I don’t know him at all, and yet I can picture that small cluster of wrinkles deepening as he touches me, kisses me, and fucks me the way Steve never has; maybe never could.

I know it’s not right to compare, but my brain refuses to let even a single difference between Steve and my impressions of this man go unnoticed. Steve is fine, boring, kind of slobby in the way most white dudes are in college and for five years to infinity after. I haven’t ever had anything to compare him to because most of our friends are about the same, but now that I do, I realize how much he’s always reminded me of the kids I used to babysit, not the kind of man I wanted to date. And suddenly, I can’t be surprised that this trip has devolved so quickly because this is how our relationship has always been, I just refused to accept it. But this man isn’t a kid. He looks strong and powerful, maybe even dangerous, and my pussy feels slick at just the sight of him.

He nods at the chair across from me in a silent question, and I nod eagerly in return. I feel young and naïve in that moment, eager for his attention, and I shiver in anticipation now that I have it.

He lowers himself gracefully into the chair, looks briefly away from me, and whispers something to the waitress in a soft burr of Italian. She places the bottle of wine and a wine opener on the table and then rushes away. I watch him with slow, heavy breaths as he leans back in his chair, crosses his legs, and smiles at me.

“Excuse me,” he says in the thickest, sexiest accented English I’ve ever heard, even after over a week in Italy. “I’m sorry to interrupt you. If you would like to be alone, I understand.”

“N-no,” I say. “Please.” I don’t know what I’m begging him for, but I do know that my voice sounds… different. Strained? Needy? Excited? It makes me think of sex, and by the small way his mouth tips up on the left side, I think it makes him think of sex as well. I’m so fucking thirsty in this moment as years of repressed desire and lust overtake me that I know I should be ashamed, but I’m not.

“Would you like some wine?” he asks.

“Please,” I whisper again. This time my voice is lower, huskier. I’m so very ready for him and this moment that I instantly know that fate — yes, I believe in fate — brought me to Italy for this, not for Steve to propose in front of the Trevi fountain. I’ve endured the last week just so I can experience whatever is about to happen, so that I can realize all that I’ve been missing before.

He watches me for a few seconds with a kind of quiet contemplation, and I let him. As the seconds accumulate, I realize that Steve has never looked at me for so long or like this. Not when we first met, or when we’re sitting across from each other at our dining table, not even after sex. He looks at me, but I don’t know if he sees me.

This man drinks me in, his eyes traveling over every inch of my face. It makes me feel beautiful and sexy and so fucking horny that I hardly know what to do with myself or who I am. Am I even the kind of woman who deserves this kind of consideration?

I lick my lips. His gaze takes that in as well.

“Beautiful,” he whispers at me, and that one word feels so intimate that my heart starts racing, and my thighs press together.

The waitress returns with another wine glass before rushing away again.

“Shall we begin, bella?” he asks in a deep whisper.

“Yes,” I whisper back without hesitation. Begin what, I wonder, but “Please,” is what I say instead.





Chapter 4





“What is your name, bella?”

She licks her lips, and I could groan at the sight. The soft brown of her puckered mouth, the bright pink of her tongue, the slight flush of her cheeks. She’s perfect.

“Shae,” she says, “not spelled like the butter.”

I smile and nod calmly.

“What—” She stops and takes a deep breath as if she needs to collect her thoughts. I enjoy the rise and fall of her breasts. “What’s your name?”

“Salvatore,” I tell her. Everyone calls me Salvo. Salvatore was my father, not that I remember much about him besides how happy I was when I realized that he was never coming back home, but I don’t tell her that, because I want to hear my entire name on her lips, and she does not disappoint.

“Salvatore,” she whispers as if she’s tentatively tasting each syllable. “Salvatore,” she says again, but this time with a bit more strength, as if I belong there on her tongue. And I think I do.

Every muscle in my body clenches. People have said my name in many ways; a pained plea like Umberto, a whispered curse like my wife when she thinks I can’t hear, a fearful yet respectful utterance like Giulio, and once upon a time even a moaning exhalation, but it’s been years since I’ve heard that last one. Twenty years, to be exact.

But I don’t think anyone has ever said my name like Shae. Her voice snakes under my clothes and covers my skin like electric current, and then it sinks down to my bones, in my marrow. I let myself wonder what it would be like to hear that voice in my ear as I’m driving my hips into hers, or how the first exhausted, raspy exhalation in the morning might distort the airiness in her tone. I let myself think those things, even though I know I shouldn’t.

This is a dangerous pivot to my day. I’ve just had my associate break a man’s fingers in my office mere minutes ago, and every day holds the promise that the police might break into my restaurant any moment for another unwarranted shakedown masquerading as a raid. But sitting across the table from Shae may be the most dangerous thing I’ve ever done in this restaurant because I feel myself wanting it too — I want her too much — and it’s dangerous for a man like me to want anything unless I’m willing to kill to keep it.

I learned very quickly that the way to succeed in a world where you can’t trust anyone is to keep your true feelings close to your chest. You have to hide your desires and needs — the things that make your heart race, for good or bad — in a lockbox inside yourself, because the minute you expose those soft things to the outside world, they can be used against you. I know this, because I’ve done it. I waited three years to make my move on Flavia’s father, watching from the sidelines, catching every slip of the tongue and unguarded moment, and waiting for the perfect moment to wield those weapons — children, mistresses, secrets — at exactly the right time. It’s how I took Flavia’s father down and dozens of men before him.

And what do I have to show for it twenty years later? A throne that chafes more and more each day, a gunshot wound that wakes me up with an ache each morning, and a shocking desire for this girl who’s too young for me that I can’t do anything about.

Hanging above it all is the surefire knowledge that my time is limited. Nothing in this world is new, and transfers of power are always bloody. Someone is going to come for my crown again, and soon enough, they will succeed. And because my world is all dark intrigue, I can’t help but wonder if this moment — the sudden appearance of an American tourist, who seems too innocent to be real — is the first paving stone on the road to my downfall.

I think all of that as she says my name, and I decide not to care.

I open the bottle of wine, and she watches me with curious, hungry eyes.

“Do you drink wine?” I ask her.

She nods and bites her lip. “But I don’t know anything about it. I’m barely out of college, and I can’t afford anything like good wine, but I like the way it tastes. I think.”

I wish she hadn’t told me that. I knew she was young, but I don’t want to know specifics, so I force myself not to do the math, not to figure out exactly how much older I am. “What kind of wine do you normally drink?” I ask.

She grins and seems somehow more and less innocent than before. “Whatever box my friends and I could afford when we were pre-gaming.”

My hand stills on the corkscrew. “Box? Pre-gaming?”

She cringes, and it makes me smile; there’s no artifice here, and it’s so refreshing. “You don’t want to know,” she says. “Let’s just assume I don’t know anything about wine, because I really don’t.”

“Would you like a lesson?” I ask.

I hadn’t meant for that to sound so sexual, but the words break from my mouth before I can think them through. I never do that. It’s foolish, and I can’t afford that kind of slip, but as soon as the words leave my mouth, I hear the innuendo, and I see it dawn on her.

Her eyes widen, and her lips thin in a sensual press. I want to taste that expression.

And then she whispers again, “Yes. Please.”

I have to take a deep breath as those words dig into me like hooks. I know that I’ll conjure the sound of that soft breath just as soon as I’m alone and can touch myself in peace, but that’s for later.

For now, I grab her wine glass and pour a taste for her. I place the glass on the table in front of her and then pour myself the same.

I nod at the glass, and Shae follows my lead. She picks it up by the stem with delicate fingers and adorably perfect short red nails.

She leans forward. “Is this where we smell it?” she whispers with an eager smile on her face.

“I thought you didn’t know anything about wine?” I ask her with a smile that feels so delicious in its lack of familiarity as muscles in my cheeks I haven’t used in forever engage.

She shrugs adorably. “I’ve seen movies.”

“Ah, I see. You want to swirl the wine gently in your glass, letting the bouquet blossom.”

She smiles and nods and then sucks her bottom lip into her mouth, concentrating as she follows my directions.

I forget about my own wine. I don’t care about the depth of color or the taste. What I care about is the way Shae’s bright white teeth bite into the soft flesh of her lip, and the small crease that appears across the bridge of her nose as she inhales the wine in her glass. And then I care a lot about the way she looks up at me through the fan of her eyelashes for my next instruction. I care about what I want to do with that eager attention and that mouth and those fingers.

“What do you smell?” I ask her in a rough voice. My chest is tight with need.

“It’s kind of…” She closes her eyes and licks her lips.

My fingers tighten on the stem of the wine glass, and I’m in danger of breaking it.

“It’s kind of fruity. Earthy. Are these words people use?” she asks playfully with a cheeky smile on her lips.

I don’t smile, not even to scare people. I know some men — butchers — who laugh and tell jokes and smile so much that their expressions don’t slip even when they’re slitting your throat. It’s cruel and effective; but that’s not who I am. I don’t want people to get comfortable with me. I don’t want to lure anyone into complacency. I like to be upfront. When I walk in a room, I want my enemies to know that I’ll kill them if I deem it necessary. And I want my friends to know it, too.

But Shae makes me smile. “Yes,” I tell her, “these are words people use to describe wine. Is that what you smell?”

She bites her lip again, and her eyelashes flutter as she thinks. And then she shakes her head. “I smell wine. Red wine.”

I smile so hard my cheeks push my eyes into a squint. “A good nose,” I tell her.

She beams at me and the first joke I’ve told in a decade. Decades? A long fucking time.

“Now taste.” I mean this innuendo, and it takes her much less time to hear it.

She licks her lips. “What about you?”

I groan. If this is a trap from one of my enemies, it’s worth it. “What about me?” My voice is hoarse.

“Don’t you want to taste?” Apparently, I’m not the only one who can play this game.

I lift my glass slowly to my lips, and she mirrors me. We watch one another over the rims of our wine glasses as we take the smallest sips. I taste every note. She’s not wrong. It is earthy with hints of berry and an oaky finish, but I enjoy this glass of wine more than any other I’ve had because she’s tasting it at the same time, and I wonder what this sip would taste like on her tongue.

When we lower our glasses, her lips are parted, stained the tiniest bit purple from the wine. She has no idea how erotic she looks in this moment or the way she’s making me feel, the things I wish I could do. She can’t.

“What do you think?” she asks me.

There are so many things I want to say to her, but I shouldn’t. “I think it tastes divine.”

She licks her lips, and I think she hears my double meaning this time. I hope she does. And I also realize that this is the first time in my adult life I’ve ever avoided doing the hard thing.





“No, I can’t,” she says when I move to fill her glass of wine again. “I have a train to catch in—” She looks around for a clock, and I look at my watch.

“It is just past four o’clock,” I tell her.

She sucks her bottom lip into her mouth. “Three hours,” she says in a suddenly hoarse voice. The sound goes straight to my aching balls, suffusing my groin in an intense wave of need. Since the moment she walked into my restaurant, my body has been one throbbing, dull ache of desire and frustration.

“Three hours,” she whispers again, her eyes trailing away, and not for the first time since I joined her. I wonder what — or who — she’s thinking about, but I don’t ask. It’s not my place.

“What do you have planned for the next three hours?” I ask instead, sitting back in my chair, enjoying just watching her.

She shakes herself. Her eyes brighten when she looks at me again. “Well,” she says excitedly, and my stomach clenches. I can’t remember the last time I met someone so… pure. “I came to Naples with just three things to do.”

I smile. “And those three things were?”

She lifts her right hand and points her index finger at the ceiling. I take in her delicate wrists and fingers. I imagine myself kissing each fingertip as I make my way up her arm to her mouth. “I wanted to go to the archaeological museum, and I did that.”

I nod serenely.

She lifts another finger. “I wanted to have a glass of wine or two,” she says.

I smile wickedly at her, and her beautiful light brown skin flushes. I grab the bottle of wine, emptying it into her glass. “You are doing that.”

And then, she lifts yet another finger. “And I wanted pizza. All the pizza I could eat.”

There is a second of silence between us before I laugh so loudly that I see my bartender and waitress stop in their tracks and stare at me. I can’t blame them. I’m not prone to outbursts of any kind, not even violent ones. I’ve spent years becoming a man who doesn’t need to expend much effort getting my point across. If I’m angry, I can make that immediately clear with a slightly raised voice, and no one doubts that my threats are serious because I keep all of my promises. But I’m rarely happy, and I realize that that’s what Gino and Adriana have noted. When was the last time they heard me laugh? When was the last time I laughed? The answer to both might be so long ago that it doesn’t matter.

And yet, here I am, laughing so hard there are tears in my eyes.

“It’s not that funny,” she says. “Naples is the birthplace of pizza.”

I laugh harder.

Someone clears their throat. I turn and meet Adriana’s worried eyes. “Is everything alright, boss?” she asks in Italian, cutting her eyes at Shae.

I wipe a tear from my eyes and chuckle. “I’m fine. I’m fine. Bring the lady my favorite pizza,” I reply, also in Italian.

“Did you say pizza?” Shae asks, leaning over the table toward me with another one of those eager, tempting smiles. I don’t know how old she is, but she seems young and innocent enough to smile at a man who even makes babies frown; a man who makes priests reconsider the possibilities for human redemption; a man with so much blood on his hands, they’ll never be clean again. And I’m not stupid, I know that innocence is part of why she’s driving me wild, but that doesn’t explain the laughter; the lightness I’ve never felt before.

I can feel the laughter bubbling up in my gut again. It feels… strange, but I love it. I nod to Adriana, dismissing her, and turn to Shae. “We make wonderful pizza here,” I tell her proudly, as if I give a shit about the food, as if I’m really a restauranteur.

“I know,” she whispers. “I looked at all the Yelp reviews.”

Adorable.

“What kind did you order?”

I lean toward her. We’re not close enough to touch, even though I want to trace my finger around her palm or run a thumb over her cheek. “It’s a surprise,” I whisper with a wink.

“I don’t like surprises,” she says as her gaze drifts away again, and her nose wrinkles in distaste.

“Is it a boyfriend?”

Her eyes snap back to mine before she ducks her head again. “I came here with my boyfriend,” she says as she lifts her head. “Well, not to Naples. He’s in Rome. He missed our train.”

“And you didn’t wait?” I ask, and she stiffens. “Good. Never wait for a man. They will never be worth it.”

She relaxes, a nervous smile spreading over her mouth. “Should you be saying that? As a man?”

“Absolutely,” I say, swatting my hand in the air between us as if I’m batting the question away. “Who knows better than a man how terrible we can be?”

“You don’t seem terrible,” she whispers shyly.

So young. So naïve. So pure.

I wonder if Flavia was ever so innocent. I’m certain I never was. I can’t remember a time when I could have looked at a man like me and thought I was anything but terrible, not just because I’ve done terrible things, but because I don’t regret any of them.

I could tell Shae this. I could detail all the ways I’m certainly worse than her boyfriend, but I don’t want to. I don’t want her to stop looking at me with awe and arousal. I don’t want her to look at me the way my wife does. I don’t want this moment between us to end, and I’m willing to lie to her — by omission — to make sure that it doesn’t.

“I’m harmless,” I tell her. “I wouldn’t hurt you.” The last part isn’t a lie, and maybe that can count for something. I happily delude myself right along with her.

“I believe you,” she says quickly, and those three words make me feel brand new, like the kind of man I’ve never been and never will be.

We stare at each other for heated seconds, and I know exactly how this moment between us would go if I weren’t married. I’d take her across town to my apartment. I’d strip her slowly, wanting to draw out the experience of baring her flesh for as long as possible, running my mouth and tongue over each new piece of skin, tasting her as I see her. I’d want her to undress me just as slowly, pressing her skin — which I know will be as soft as I imagine — against mine. I imagine her laid across my bed — a bed I haven’t shared with Flavia in over a decade — on her back, her arms and legs open for me to taste every inch of her. I know that I wouldn’t be able to keep my mouth off of her. Even now, I’m trying to imagine what she would taste like — her skin, her mouth, her cunt — and I know I could lose myself devouring her. I’d want to make her gasp and moan and scream underneath me, coming on my tongue long before I pushed my dick inside her and started the process over again. I’d want to hear my name on her lips as I fucked her until we were both spent.

I imagine I’d be gentle at first, but eventually, I wouldn’t be able to stop myself from exposing who I really am; demanding, relentless, and possessive when there’s something I want. Something I need. And even though I don’t know her, I know that I need her in a way I’ve never needed my wife. And I’d want to mark her the way I’ve never wanted to mark my wife. I know that if given the chance, I’d want to dig my fingers so deep into her flesh that I leave bruises. I’d want to watch the soft welting marks from my teeth bloom on her breasts. And in the end, I’d want to see a small puddle of my come on her flesh, assuming I could stop myself from releasing inside her and marking her in a more permanent way.

If I were unencumbered, I wouldn’t be satisfied with one afternoon with Shae. I’d want to take her long into the night, and again when we woke up, and again and again. I’d want her to forget her boyfriend, and I’d fuck her until she did. Until she was well and truly mine.

But I am encumbered, and not just with a wife. Still, I’m considering it, considering taking her upstairs to the rooms I rent to the associates more committed to the work than anything else like Giulio. Flavia wouldn’t care; she might not even notice if I’m away for a night or two, but she’s not the biggest responsibility on my shoulders. And just as I think that, I see a large hulking figure out of the corner of my eye. I turn to see Alfonso looking at me across the dining room. I nod at him, and he slinks back into the shadows to wait.

My body stiffens, and my entire mood darkens. Reluctantly, I sit back in my chair, needing to put some distance between us. I see the disappointment and embarrassment on Shae’s face, and I hate that I’ve made her feel that way, but I’ve always been a disappointment to people who expected me to be someone I’m not; someone better.

“I have to go attend to some business,” I tell her in a careful voice.

She sits back in her chair, presses her lips together, and nods quickly. She tries to smile. “I understand. Th-thank you,” she says in a small voice. It almost breaks my heart, which is a shock since I’d convinced myself that I don’t have one of those, not anymore.

“Everything is on the house. My treat,” I tell her.

She shakes her head. “You don’t have to do that.”

I can’t help but smile again. When was the last time I met someone who didn’t want something from me? Too long to remember. I stand from my chair but reach out to grab her hand, giving in to the need I’ve felt since she walked in to touch her. Her skin is as soft as I imagined. I caress her knuckles with my thumb and then bend over to brush my mouth over her skin. I keep my eyes locked on hers, drinking in the heated stare she’s giving me that I wish I could take advantage of.

“Enjoy your meal, bella,” I whisper against her skin before walking away.





Chapter 5





My office smells metallic, like freshly spilled blood, mixed with the lingering stench of medical-grade disinfectant. How have I never noticed that before? Or maybe I have, it’s just become so familiar that there isn’t any reason to think twice about it. But with the soft whisper of Shae’s voice still ringing in my head, it’s as if all of my senses are reactivating; things I’d become numb to feel new.

I don’t know if that’s a good thing or not.

“Did you get the money?” I ask casually.

“Got it, boss,” Alfonso says.

“But we got another problem,” Giulio says, always the serious one, at least when there is serious business at hand. I look at him, the sharp set of his lips and hard eyes snapping me out of the gentle cloud of Shae’s presence.

I sigh. I’m suddenly so weary of all this, but that’s the worst weakness of them all. If I’m sick of the job — and my position in the organization — there are lots of people who’d be happy to relieve me of it. Maybe even one of the two men in the room with me. I sit in the same chair I’d occupied when we were interrogating Umberto. I cross my legs and brush an imaginary piece of lint from my slacks.

“What’s the problem?”

“When we went to Umberto’s mistress’s apartment, there was already someone there.”

I raise my eyebrows in interest. “Who?”

“Carmine Facciolo.”

I huff out a breath of laughter, but this laugh isn’t amused, it’s bitter. It’s nothing like the way Shae made me laugh. “Now what was that slimy piece of shit doing at Umberto’s mistress’s house?”

“That’s what we asked him,” Giulio says with a playful shrug, “in a roundabout way. With our fists.”

“And what did he say?”

“Apparently, Umberto’s mistress is about as faithful as he is.”

I’m bored again. “And why do I care who any of these people are fucking?”

“Because Umberto’s mistress is Angelica Torrino,” Giulio says in that flat, dangerous voice that’s deadly and useful.

“How did I not know that Umberto was fucking my wife’s sister and that she’s fucking the man who tried to kill me?” I ask, even as my brain begins to work, putting all the pieces together.

If Carmine had come for me anywhere but in front of the church, he’d have been dead within seconds, but with the priests and the little old ladies — and that surveillance task force I’m not supposed to know about — all watching, my hands had been tied. Yet another smart move on his part. I’ve spent months working out how best to exact my revenge without inviting any more police attention, and apparently, that grace period had been useful in ferreting out Carmine’s connections to people uncomfortably close to me, a blessing and a curse.

“I pay you two a lot of money to make sure I know everything that happens in this town.” My voice is hard now, and the energy in the room has changed. I’m irate, and my men know it, but considering the weight of the revelation they’ve dropped in my lap, I think I’m being much calmer than this moment deserves.

“I know, boss,” Alfonso says warily.

“Then answer my question.”

“We think he had… help hiding it from us. From you.”

“Of course, he has.”

“It might not be—”

“Of course, it is,” I say, my fists clenching in my lap.

The room is silent now, but it’s filling steadily with my rage. It’s not betrayal that I’m feeling; I’d have to trust someone for that. I’d have to trust this particular someone for that, and I’ve never been that foolish. What I’m feeling is the kind of rage fed by weariness and inevitability. I knew this day would come; it had to. It’s the only way any of this could have played out, and I’ve been preparing for it for twenty years. I would have been stupid not to.

I take a deep breath, and give the order I’ve been dreading and anticipating and — God forgive me — hoping for. “Flavia should be shopping. Luca’s on her detail; contact him and have him bring her.”

“Here, boss?” Alfonso asks.

I open my mouth to say yes but stop. My mind wanders to the dining room — to Shae — and I change my mind. I shake my head. “Take her to the country house. Call me when you’re there.”

“You want one of us to come collect you?” Giulio asks.

“No,” I bark out. I don’t mean to, but I’m so angry that I can’t control myself. It’s rare that I feel that way, and it’s not because I’m just finding out what I’ve always suspected about Flavia; that she would betray me as soon as she got the chance.

I lose control of myself because I realize this on the day where I meet a woman who reminds me of everything I had to give up to gain the power I’ve fought for, and what I’ve had to sacrifice over and over again to keep it. It’s ironic, but certainly not a coincidence; I don’t believe in those.

“Get her to the country house, and I’ll be there tonight,” I say. “I have some business I need to attend to first.”

“Sure thing, boss,” they say in unison.

“Don’t be gentle,” I add, unclenching my fists and rolling my neck.

I stay in my chair as they file out the back door leading to an alley that makes it easy to get people — conscious and otherwise — in and out of the building without attracting too much attention. I sit in seething silence long after they’re gone, thinking, stewing, and then finally settling on a determined plan. I don’t smell the metallic industrially clean scent anymore, but I want to. I don’t want to feel dead inside or have to push down my feelings any more than I have. I don’t want to live in this world where I can’t trust anyone or anything, not even myself. I want to know what it feels like to laugh out loud, shocked and gleeful. I want to feel soft skin on my lips and know what purity and cunt taste like on my tongue. I want to hear Shae gasp my full name into my ear as I fuck her and leave my fingerprints on her skin, even if they’ll fade.

And only then do I rise from my seat, hard and aching and ready.





If Steve were here, he’d have already admonished me at least once for… something. Maybe because I’m eating the pizza with my hands, or my elbows are on the table, or I’m moaning too loudly because of how perfect this pizza is and someone at another table might hear. If Steve had been here, I would have corrected myself to please him because it’s what I do, but the thought of it makes my stomach clench now.

How had I never realized how critical he was of me? And why had I always capitulated? Who might I have been without his cutting corrections? Who do I want to be?

The questions invade my mind, and I feel terrible. I slump in my chair and chew slowly, contemplating, feeling sick to my stomach. And even that’s terrible, because I realize that this is how I normally feel when I’m with Steve. This is how he’s made me feel nearly every day of our relationship, and I got used to it. I shrank and apologized and contorted myself into someone he still didn’t like, but that I didn’t like either. I’ve become a shell of a person to please him, and even when he’s not near me, it’s his unhappy voice in my head ruining my day. But today, I refuse to listen.

I force myself to shake off even the thought of him. It takes all of my strength, but it’s worth it. If I can bend over backward to make everyone else around me feel safe and comfortable, I should be able to do that for myself just this once. I deserve it, and so I channel Zoe and will it to be so. I eat the rest of my pizza and finish that last glass of wine with a smile on my face.

I slump in my chair, full and a bit drunk, but happy. How long since I’ve been able to say that?

“Was everything good?” the waitress asks as she begins to collect the empty plates from my table.

I chuckle. “Very good. Too good. I feel like I need to be rolled out of here.”

She smiles at me. It’s the same smile I use when I’m waitressing, friendly but not too friendly. “Would you like dessert?” she asks.

I shake my head. “Oh, God, no. I don’t think I could eat anything else.”

“Not even with me?” another voice asks.

I look around the waitress, and there he is. He’s taken off his apron, and he’s fucking beautiful, even more beautiful than before. His slacks are perfectly tailored, and his white shirt is pristine, tucked into a belt that probably costs more money than I bring in for tips in a month. His hair is just slightly tousled, almost like he was running his fingers through it. I wonder about that and about the way the frown lines between his eyes seem deeper. He’s only been gone half an hour, maybe forty-five minutes, but he looks as if he’s gone to war and come back to me. That last part is my sentimental brain talking.

The waitress collects the dishes and scurries away. Salvatore doesn’t move to sit across from me again.

“Are you okay?” I ask.

He smiles. It’s rueful, haunted. He looks like a completely different man than before, but my body likes this version of him just the same.

“No,” he tells me in a whisper.

I want to know everything. I want to ask this man everything about his time away from me and his entire life. I… want him, every part of him, I suddenly realize. In seven years, I’ve only ever looked at Steve, and I never felt this possessive need before. But when this older man with bright gray hair and the sexiest salt and pepper beard I’ve ever seen looks at me with tired, red-rimmed eyes, I realize that I want him to tell me his entire life story while I suck the life out of his dick.

“Is it your wife?” I ask, the way he asked me about Steve. I’d seen his wedding ring earlier and ignored it because flirting is innocent, and I wanted him to flirt with me and devour me with his eyes more than I wanted to respect that piece of gold on his left hand and my own moral compass.

“It is,” he says.

“Women can be terrible.”

His mouth curves into a weary smile as he walks toward me. When he leans over my chair, he places one hand on the table and the other on the back of my chair.

“Are you allowed to say that?” he asks me.

“Who better than me to know what women can be like?”

“You don’t seem terrible,” he whispers to me. His eyes are heated and dancing with mischief and lust; it’s a heady mix.

I huff a pathetic laugh and shake my head. “I wish I had it in me to be, but I don’t.”

“Good.”

“Not good. I’m a pushover.”

His eyes search my face, and he nods. “And men take advantage of that.”

“Everyone takes advantage of that,” I admit in a rushed, embarrassed whisper. “I should learn to be harder.”

“No, no, no,” he tsks immediately. I feel just the tip of his thumb caressing the side of my left hand on the table. It makes me feel hot again, burning away the food coma I’d been sinking into. “It would break my heart to know that you’d changed just because men are terrible.”

His other hand moves to my face and cups my cheek.

I suck in a sharp breath at his hands on me again, as amazing as before; warm, dry, and gentle, but sure.

“When you catch your train today, I want to think of you as soft and pure as you are right now.”

I’m not bold, like ever. People-pleaser. I don’t do things I want; I do things other people want me to do, but I feel bold right now. Maybe it’s all the dough and cheese and wine egging me on because in this moment I feel like I can do anything, I can say anything, and I can have anyone I want. I lick my lips and sit up straight in my chair, scooting to the edge of my seat, inching closer to his mouth and that beard. “What if I don’t want to be so soft and pure when I get on that train today?”

His mouth curves into the sexiest smile. “How would you like to feel when you board that train, bella?”

“Dirty. Beautiful. Used,” I whisper.

“You are already beautiful,” he says. His hand caresses my jaw and then skims over my bottom lip. “But I can help you with the other two. Gladly.”





Chapter 6





I’m sitting in my fake office, listening to the sounds of the kitchen and the bar, wondering if Flavia knows what’s coming and waiting for Giulio’s text message confirming that they’ve collected my wife. They’ll drive her to our home in the countryside, just a couple of hours’ drive from the city, and if I wanted, I could be in my car right now and meet them there, but I don’t want to.

Flavia might not know what’s coming when Giulio shuffles her into my car, but once she sees Alfonso in the car with him, and they begin to drive her out of the city, she’ll know then. She’ll know she’s been found out, and she’ll be afraid. And I don’t want to rush her through that realization. I want her to sit with it and let the fear tear through her like wildfire. This night has been twenty years in the making, and it’ll be made all the sweeter by prolonging these moments of anticipation. Besides, she’ll hate that I’m making her wait. As the minutes and hours tick by, her fear will mix with anger at my disrespect.

Good, I think. She deserves more than that, and soon enough, she’ll get it.

I spend the next fifteen or twenty minutes — I hardly know — thinking about Shae. I’m not proud of it. Even though I’ve hated Flavia every day we were together, I’ve been faithful to her, not because she deserved it but because I know better than anyone that an affair is a liability. It’s what my mother was to my father, and I vowed never to put myself in the same situation.

And what has it gotten me besides blue balls, pent-up rage, and a need for a complete stranger that I can hardly contain? Because I want Shae more than I care about the promises I made to my younger self. I want her more than I want to be faithful to a woman who more than likely supported an assassination attempt against me. I force myself to make peace with that desire before I return to the dining room; Shae doesn’t deserve my guilt. It takes me much less time than I would have imagined.

I know there’s a chance she could be long gone by the time I return, but there she is with a wistful smile on her face. She looks happy, sated, and still so fucking pure my balls ache.

But she’s not, I discover.

Dirty. Beautiful. Used.

She doesn’t see it, but even that nervous, whispered request for me to defile her is more innocent than I’ve ever felt, and I want to bask in the glow of her for the bit of time I have even if I don’t deserve one second of it.

Dirty. Beautiful. Used.

I can give her that, and I want her to give me just a taste of her innocence to hold close as I walk back into hell.

I take her hand and lead her past the kitchen to my real office. I could take her anywhere — even the apartment that will be mine again after tonight — but I don’t. There’s not enough time, and more importantly, I want her here. I want the brightest thing in my day to invade the darkest room in my life. I want to replace the metallic scent of blood and disinfectant with the bright citrusy scent of the perfume I smelled on her body when I kissed her hand. When she’s long gone, back to Rome and then America, I want to call the memory of her in this room to mind, and I want to let myself drift away.

“Where are we?” she asks when I open the door for her.

“An extra storeroom,” I say. A lie. I feel more regret about that than what I’m about to do once she’s gone.

She turns to look at me over her shoulder. Her eyes are dancing with excitement. She licks her lips, and my stomach clenches with need.

I follow her into my office and shut the door behind me, and the quiet surrounds us. I wonder if she can hear the echo of Umberto’s screams bouncing off the walls or just my pounding heart.

“No one will come in here, right?” she asks timidly, backing into the center of the room.

“No one would dare,” I say with a smile.

She laughs because she doesn’t understand. She doesn’t know what I am, and it makes me want her even more.





I’ve never done anything like this before.

It wasn’t that I was a good girl, even though that’s what my cousins always called me, spitting the words at me like an accusation. I know what they were insinuating — that I’m too timid to do anything really daring or step one foot out of line — but that wasn’t it. Unfortunately, the truth is even worse. Before this moment, I had such a lack of imagination that I couldn’t imagine being in a situation like this. I’d never have considered having sex with a man I’d just met. I’d never cheat.

But here I am, and now I can’t imagine being anywhere else.

I don’t believe in accidents. I’ve made a series of decisions that have led me here. Some were completely incidental — refusing to go with Steve back to our hotel, boarding the train without him, and choosing to walk halfway across the city to this restaurant because the Yelp reviews were better than all the others — but some weren’t. I could have refused to let Salvatore sit at the table with me. I could have refused the second glass of wine. And most importantly, I could have reminded him — and myself — of the gold wedding ring glinting in the sunlight as he extended his hand to invite me back here. But I didn’t. I barely even acknowledged what I should have done. For the first time, I do exactly the thing I want and don’t care what anyone else will think. Not even Salvatore, even though I can see in his eyes that he wants what I want. He wants me.

I could leave. I could tell this strange man that I’ve changed my mind. I could tell him that I’m not this woman; I don’t sleep with strangers in a room that smells like a poor clinic, and I certainly don’t cheat. I could tell this man that I love Steve, and I don’t want to hurt him. But when I think about that excuse, I realize that it’s a lie. I don’t love Steve; I’ve just gotten comfortable with him. He feels familiar, if not quite safe. My twenties are nearly half over, and I’ve settled for a man who nitpicks at me and treats me like a surrogate mother. I hate that, and I hate myself for not realizing what my life had become until this moment.

But that’s not what makes me stay. Self-recrimination isn’t why I set my purse and jacket onto the chair next to me. It’s the way Salvatore looks at me. He’s leaning against the door. He’s just outside the arc of the naked light bulb hanging from the ceiling, and his face is half-covered in shadow, but I can feel his eyes on me — all over me — and that’s what makes me stay.

I feel like there’s a broken record in my head saying the same thing. Steve’s never looked at me so intensely that I can feel his gaze like a featherlight touch on my skin. Steve’s lust for me hasn’t ever felt like a heavy hand traveling up my spine. When Steve looks at me, I feel small and wrong, but Salvatore’s eyes make me feel strong and sexy, and if there’s a choice to be made between the two, it’s Salvatore all the way. I’ll worry later about defining myself by someone else’s attention, a man no less. Right now, I’m spurred on by the fear that I’ll never feel this way again, and if that’s true, I want to feel every second of this. I want Salvatore to show me everything I’ve been missing. I’ll never forgive myself if I shrink away from this moment.

I reach for the hem of my t-shirt.

“Tsk, tsk, tsk,” Salvatore says, finally pushing off of the door.

My hands still, just curling over the fabric. The backs of my own fingers rubbing over the soft skin at my waist gives me goosebumps.

“I would like to do that,” he says, stalking slowly toward me.

My hands fall to my sides because I would like him to undress me as well.

Steve never has. He’s always so eager, but not in a good way. He usually just attacks me, licking and kissing me haphazardly with no consideration for what I like, and then he thrusts into me without asking if I’m ready. After that, it’s just a few minutes of his wild, jerky pumps inside me — where he manages not to hit any of my most sensitive spots — until he comes.

I deserve more than that. I deserve a man who’ll make looking at me a sensual event, who’ll slow down to appreciate the small things. I deserve Salvatore.

My heart is pounding as he circles around me once. I’m so keyed up with expectation that when his fingers slide under the hem of my shirt and his knuckles brush my bare torso, I groan.

“Does that feel good, bella?” he whispers to me.

“God, yes.”

“And we haven’t even started yet,” he reminds me.

“Haven’t we?” I ask, raising my eyes to his. “Haven’t you been seducing me since you sat at my table?”

His smile is beautiful, soft, and maybe even a little bit sad. “That might be so,” he admits. “But you have been seducing me since the moment you walked into my restaurant.”

“Have I?” I’ve never seduced anyone before.

He’s lifting my shirt slowly up my body, and I choke back a groan when the backs of his hands graze over my nipples, pressing briefly against the cups of my bra.

“Raise your arms, sweetheart,” he says, and I do.

I expect him to throw my shirt on the floor, but when he doesn’t, I realize yet again that Salvatore isn’t like any of the men I’ve ever known before. I assume it’s his age and maturity. He’s older, wiser, and more experienced, and that’s why he isn’t attacking me like a Tasmanian devil. He carefully places my shirt on the table behind us. His fingers graze over my forearms, up my sides, across my stomach, only to linger at the button of my jeans.

His head dips close, and our lips just barely brush. I whimper.

“You have no idea how beautiful you are,” he whispers. “Your boyfriend does not deserve you.”

I huff a nervous laugh when he unbuttons my pants. I feel so free, but that might just be all the pizza I ate. “I know,” I finally admit. “I didn’t realize that until today, but I can do better.”

His lips ghost over mine teasingly, and he pushes my jeans down to my knees.

I whimper again, and he smiles, his nails scratching lightly up my thighs. I spread my legs shamelessly for him.

“You deserve more than better, bella. You deserve the best. You deserve everything,” he says as his hand snakes between my legs.

He cups my sex with a wicked smile. He seems dangerous in that moment, and I’m not some fool girl in a horror movie. I should run away from danger, but I spread my legs for it instead because I want him to feel how wet I am. I want him to know that I’ve been wet since the moment he sat down at my table.

“What about your wife?” I ask as his fingers brush along the wet cleft of my panty-covered pussy.

His body stills, and his mouth turns down in a frown.

I move my hands tentatively to his shoulders. “Does your wife deserve you?” I ask.

He looks at me, blinking slowly, his fingers resting heavily on the wet fabric. There’s no mistaking it now, there is sadness there.

“Yes,” he finally says. “We’re both terrible people.”

I wrap my arms around his neck, pressing my breasts against his chest. “You don’t seem so terrible to me.”

His free hand cups the back of my head, and his fingers tangle in my curls. “That’s because you bring the best out in me. I wish…” His voice trails off. “I wish I were half the man I see in your eyes.”

I want to tell him that in my limited experience, he’s the best man I’ve ever met. I want to make him promises I shouldn’t, can’t. I don’t know if that’s the people-pleaser in me, or a consequence of all the wine, or a true reflection of my feelings, and that confusion makes me feel something I rarely acknowledge; anger. I hate not knowing who I am or what I really feel. I want to blame Steve, but I know this dilemma is all mine.

But Salvatore saves me from myself when he curls his fingers around the gusset of my panties and begins to stroke my bare lips so lightly that I want to scream. In frustration. In joy. In pain.

My head falls back into his grasp. I groan, and then his mouth covers mine, and it’s perfect.

I can still remember the first time Steve kissed me, and not because it was good. I remember it because it was so fucking terrible that I avoided him for a week. There was too much tongue, he bit me, and my bottom lip was swollen for two days. I sometimes have nightmares about it. Salvatore’s kiss isn’t just the complete opposite; it’s as if this kiss originated on a different planet, and when his tongue slips into my mouth, I’m certain that he transports me there.

But it’s a two-pronged assault. His lips and tongue caress mine at the same time as his fingers curl inside me, and his thumb starts to caress my clit.

“Oh, fuck,” I mumble against his lips.

I feel his smile as he fingers me in deep, unhurried strokes, and I shudder in his arms. His hand tightens in my hair, and I feel myself coming apart at the seams in a way I hadn’t thought possible. Then he breaks the kiss. I’m about to protest, but he spears me in his gaze in a silent command. One I’m very happy to obey. His forehead presses against mine as he presses another finger inside my aching core.

This moment is more intense than anything I’ve experienced in my life, not just with Steve, but everything. My first kiss with my best friend Ana in middle school; the first time I let my high school crush, Jon, touch my breast during our first co-ed sleep over; even every time I’d tentatively touched myself quietly after Steve had fallen asleep after masturbating inside me. Salvatore’s fingers stroking into my wet warmth erases everything before this moment.

“Fuck,” I whimper again, my body shaking with an orgasm just cresting into being.

“It’s okay, bella,” Salvatore whispers gently, stroking my hair. “Come for me.”

And that’s what does it. Those three words send me right over the edge. Salvatore’s simple command is like an invitation — one I’ve never gotten from Steve — to put myself and my pleasure first. It’s a declaration that he is putting my pleasure first, and it shakes so many things loose inside me. This orgasm is as Zoe said. It’s like the sky splits, the heavens open, and my pussy starts to sing a hymn, hell, maybe even a spiritual. I feel reborn as his fingers still inside me, and his thumb rubs my clit.

If that kiss erased my past, this orgasm is a blueprint for the future; nothing about me will ever be the same.

And I haven’t even touched the bulging mound of the erection grinding against my hip.

I tighten my arms around Salvatore’s neck and pull his mouth back to mine. I kiss him deeply and passionately, the way I’ve never kissed Steve. Maybe it’s because of how intense that orgasm was, or maybe it’s just that I’m certain I’ll never see this man again. Either way, I want to leave no stone unturned with this kiss. I need to imprint every detail on my brain — the soft press of his lips, the slide of his tongue, his tickling beard, the taste of wine — so I can call it all to mind the next time Steve tells me my posture is terrible. I want to remember Salvatore’s certain statement that I deserve the best and then remind myself what the best felt like.

When I finally pull away from the kiss, it’s only to whine as his fingers slip out of my pussy.

He smiles, swiping his lips against mine quickly. “I know, bella, but you have a train to catch, and I want to experience as much of you as I can.”

I’m panting as he backs away. He spears me in his gaze, and then I watch as Salvatore lifts his wet fingers to his mouth. Wet with me.

He moans around his fingers. “You taste wonderful, bella. I knew you would.”

I blush all over; no part of my skin has escaped the flush of lust I feel when he looks at me. And now I don’t want to wait. I toe off my shoes and shimmy fully out of my jeans. My movements are hurried and desperate because that’s exactly how I feel. I want to fuck Salvatore so bad I’m clumsy with need.

I can see that he feels the same, but his self-control is so much better than mine, and fuck if that isn’t the sexiest thing ever.

As I edge my ass onto the table behind me, Salvatore calmly undoes his cufflinks and begins to unbutton his shirt, watching me. It’s a slow, erotic torture that lets me know that he’s in charge, and it’s perfect.

I lift one foot onto the table and spread my legs wide. His mouth widens into the brightest smile I’ve seen from him yet, obliterating the lingering shadows of guilt in his eyes, and then his gaze narrows to my sex.

I lean back onto my left hand and move my right between my legs, rubbing the wet patch of cotton there in slow circles, teasing myself while Salvatore undresses.

“I wish I had time to feast on you,” he murmurs more to himself than to me.

“I wish you did, too. But you do have time to fuck me,” I gently prod.

Salvatore’s steps and hands still. “Are you taking control now?” he asks, the playful smile on his face almost hidden by his beard.

I suck in a slow breath, my heart racing and my body thrumming, the pads of my fingers caressing the wet gusset of my underwear. “Would you let me take control?” I ask.

His eyelids lower, and his tongue darts between his lips as if he’s chasing the taste of me.

“No,” he says simply, and my back spasms with a small tremor, a whisper of a release. “But if we had enough time, I’d let you try and convince me that I should.”

I groan lightly at those heated words because I wonder what that negotiation might entail. I wonder if he would negotiate his fist in my curls and his dick in my mouth and still tell me no. I wonder if I could make him come around to handing over the reins while making a seat on his mouth.

I wonder why we don’t have more time, and so does he. I can see his eyes fill with regret.

I push my hand into my underwear, and now it’s his lust that chases away sadness.

At some point, my life became a predictable mess where each week was nearly identical to the last, and my future nothing more than the promise of the same, with Steve by my side. Maybe a year or two ago, that security had been comforting, but now I just feel dead inside.

Well, not right now. Right now, Salvatore’s hands are moving up my thighs from my knees to grip my hips. Right now, I feel like there’s a thunderstorm inside me, and Salvatore’s directing the current of it all over my skin, and I realize I never want to go back to predictable, boring mess.

“Take me out,” he says. “Put me inside you.”

I gasp. How can I not? Each new command is sexier than the last, but this one? I think this one will stay with me longer than the others. I’ll remember it when I fuck myself with my vibrator and my fingers. I’ll remember it the next time I deign to let someone else inside me. I’ll remember how I felt when he commanded me to take control, to decide when he entered me, and how I became someone new because of it.

There’s no way I’ll ever be able to forget that.

But I’m also too horny to slow down and really appreciate this moment; again, we just don’t have enough time. My hands are shaking as I pull that very expensive belt open. The sides of my hands brush against his erection, and his fingers tighten around my hips, but otherwise, he doesn’t react. It’s my breath that hitches and me who starts to pant. It’s my chest that’s rising and falling with excitement. And it’s my moan that rends the quiet storeroom once my palm wraps around his thick, hard length.

I stroke him up and down, squeezing rhythmically as I do, until eventually — finally — his panting breaths join mine. His hands are gripping me tight enough to bruise, and I love it. I lift my eyes to his and moan when we make eye contact. I can see that he wants me to stop playing with him, but he doesn’t push me; instead, he bites his lips and digs his fingers into my flesh and endures it, waiting for me.

I deserve this, I think to myself.

I scoot forward on the table and spread my legs as wide as they can go. Both of our heads turn down to see the blunt tip of his dick perfectly poised to enter me. We don’t have time to waste, but I stop here. I let us both memorize this moment for a few seconds, imprinting the image of the mushroom head at my opening, damp with my arousal, before I grab his hip with my other hand and pull him closer.

We both groan when his dick brushes against my wet lips and then taps at my opening.

Salvatore leans forward and nudges my nose with his until I lift my head to lock eyes with him. “Are you ready, bella?” he whispers against my lips.

I squeeze his hip and pull him forward, and he pushes inside of my wet, pulsing pussy. I’ve never been more ready.

His breath hisses out, and I lick a wet path across his bottom lip, tasting that uncharacteristic crack in his armor.

He groans low in his throat and then takes the reins from me.

It was nice while it lasted, but I am who I am, and there’s something about being fully in Salvatore’s control and being full of him that speaks to me at, and in, my core. I’m happy to give in to him. I want to give him all of me.





Chapter 7





If only I had the time to enjoy her the way I want to — the way I know I’ll dream about in the nights to come — but I don’t let the countdown clock that’s reappeared in my mind’s eye deter me from wringing as much pleasure from this moment as possible.

Shae is wonderfully warm and wet and never stops squirming in my arms or clenching around my dick. It’s a cliché — older man, younger woman — and yet it’s true; I haven’t felt so alive in years. I fuck her with everything I have, the metal table moving underneath us until I’ve fucked her and it halfway across the room and against the wall, banging over and over and over again with each thrust. My shoulder is screaming in pain, the gunshot wound reminding me that I’m mortal and that next to me is the most dangerous place Shae could be, but I ignore it all, refusing to let anything ruin this moment. I can hate myself later.

I devour her mouth with mine, tasting every sensual moan with my tongue and feeling each one in my chest. I move my hands frantically over every bit of skin I can access. I dig my fingers into her lush waist. I push her bra down her torso so I can pinch her nipples and lick at her throat when her head falls back on a scream. Every part of her is delicious.

“Fuck,” she screams, locking her arms and legs around me as she comes again.

I’ve lost count of how many times she’s shivered in my hold and gushed around me because it doesn’t matter. It’ll never be enough.

I shiver at the tight hold of her cunt around my cock and force myself not to come too soon. I ride out the waves of her orgasm with slow, shallow strokes and butterfly kisses across her face until she’s squirming in my arms again.

“Please,” she moans, again and again, but this time, the word sounds different. It sounds like the invitation I’ve been waiting for, even if I didn’t realize it at the time.

Reluctantly, I pull away from her, enjoying the way she whines again. I help her stand from the table and brush my mouth against hers. I love the way she smiles at me, so innocent, untainted, unlike everything else in my life, this room, this restaurant, even my wife. She giggles — a beautiful tinkle that brightens this dark room that has seen so much horror. I imagine her light filling me and washing away all the sins I’d commit again. If I was ever as innocent as Shae, I don’t remember it, so I hold onto the way her innocence makes me feel.

And then I bend her over the table.

“God, yes,” she moans against the cold metal, wiggling her ass at me enticingly.

I fall to my knees behind her. I push her legs open and then grip the soft globes of her ass, one in each hand. I spread her cheeks and take a second to look at her delicate pussy, her warm brown-pink lips, and her bright pink opening, clenching now that she’s empty. I imagine that she will miss me the way her pussy misses my dick; or maybe it’s just that I hope that will be so.

“I need you. Please,” she groans, her sex winking at me.

I need her, too. I need something in my life that feels as fresh and hopeful as Shae. I need something that reminds me that everything doesn’t have to be as dark and sinister as the world I live in. But I don’t deserve it. So, I don’t tell her how much I wish she could stay, but I do press my mouth against her cunt and lick at her in long, sure strokes, plunging my tongue inside her, sucking each lip into my mouth, circling her clit, leaving no part of her untasted.

She screams. It’s music to my ears. I want her louder. I want to fill this room with her cries.

When she’s gushing on my tongue and cursing at the top of her lungs, and my dick is aching and dripping precome onto the floor, I stand. I grip her thigh with my left hand so hard she groans and then whimpers. I grab my dick with a hard squeeze and then plunge so deep inside her that I see stars.

“Yes,” Shae groans as her pussy clenches around me.

“Do you like that?” I ask her in a choked moan.

Her shivering body is her only response, but it’s more than enough.

Her hips feel amazing under my palms, but I can’t resist and move my hands up her body. I dig one hand into her hair and pull back with a gentle, but sharp, tug. Shae rewards me by gurgling a groan and coming on my dick again. She’s so responsive to my every touch that I can feel her breaking me down, piece by piece.

Shae’s back arches beautifully for me. Her hands are wrapped around the edge of the table as I fuck her in sharp jutting thrusts. But it all comes together when I wrap my other hand around her throat. Once I have a tight hold on her, we both shiver. This is how it’s meant to be; this is what we both need. I start to fuck her harder, losing tiny pieces of myself with each thrust, pieces she’ll take with her even if she doesn’t know it.

We rut against one another so hard the metal desk begins to bang against the stone wall again. Soundproofing or not, someone will hear us, and I don’t care. Why should I? Who can stop me? No one. And even though I’ve been at the head of The Family for twenty years, it’s only now that the power of that position seems worth it. Who can stop me from fucking Shae until our bodies are covered in sweat, and this room stops smelling like blood and antiseptic and starts smelling like her pussy and perfume and my come? No one.

I can have this. I can have Shae. Even if only for a little while.

And so, I do. I hold her body in my hands and fuck her through orgasm after orgasm until the force of my own release makes my hips stutter, and my muscles lock as I release inside of her. She reaches back around her body and grabs onto my waist. I’m worried that she will push me away, but she doesn’t. Instead, her nails dig into my hips, holding me close as she joins me in oblivion.

This, too, is dangerous, but I don’t care. Shae and I deserve this; we deserve each other, even if we cannot keep each other.





Chapter 8





I’ve never cheated before. I never even thought about it, not really, but if someone had asked me, I would have said that I couldn’t cheat because I wouldn’t have been able to survive the guilt.

But there is no guilt.

Salvatore helps me redress, kissing and caressing my bare skin until it’s fully covered. And then he presses me against the heavy storeroom door and kisses my mouth one more time, exploring every inch of me with his tongue. What’s there to feel guilty about? How could I muster the energy for guilt in this moment?

I can’t.

He walks me through the back of the restaurant to the dining room and out the front door. He doesn’t kiss me again, and even though I’m disappointed, I remember that that’s a good thing when his wedding ring glints in the quickly waning sunlight. But he does cup the side of my face, running his thumb along my jaw, and I let him. I let him touch me like I’m his because I want to be, and I don’t care who sees us.

We stand outside his restaurant staring at one another for so long that the sky does actually begin to darken.

“I have to go,” I say after a while, not even certain if I’ve missed my train or not.

“I know,” he admits. “You know how to get to the train station?”

I do, and it’s close; just a short five-minute walk away, another reason I’d chosen this restaurant. A stroke of luck that gave me so much more time with Salvatore than I might have had otherwise. I’m grateful for that, and gratitude leaves no room for guilt.

I press the palms of both hands against Salvatore’s chest, just wanting to feel his hard body one more time under my fingertips. “Thank you,” I say, looking up into dark eyes that seem soft with emotion. Or maybe I just want to see emotion there, and so I imagine. And what’s the harm in that? I’ll never see this man again, and there’s no harm in indulging this fantasy.

He grabs my hands and brings them both to his mouth. “Thank you,” he mumbles, kissing each of my knuckles with a firm press. I want to kiss him goodbye, but I can’t, so I smile — or maybe just grimace — before I turn and walk away as quickly as my still-shaking legs will carry me.

I don’t check the time until I turn the corner into the main piazza. The train station is just past the square, and I cut through it as I pull my phone from my back pocket. I suck in a harsh breath when I see that I have nearly a dozen missed calls from Steve and a string of text messages that I don’t check. I don’t even unlock my phone. I simply see that I have twenty minutes before my train is set to leave, and I pick up the pace.

I ignore that my back and thighs are aching, and that I can still feel the pinch of Salvatore’s hands in my hair and around my neck. I don’t know if he’s left marks on me. I hope so, but I still pull my scarf from my bag and wrap it around my neck. When I get to the platform, my train is idling, and I breathe a sigh of relief, not because I particularly want to rush back to Rome, but because I feel exhausted. I’ve never had sex so good that it tires me out.

Another demerit in the mental ledger I’ve spent the day compiling about Steve.

I practically collapse into my seat and wonder how I’ll stay awake for the ride back to Rome, so I don’t miss my stop. I’m considering finding the food car and getting an espresso when someone plops into the seat across from me.

“There you are,” Steve exclaims. “I’ve been looking for you all day!”

My eyes widen in shock and terror, and I subconsciously tighten the scarf around my neck. “Steve. What are you doing here?”

He grins at me, and it’s like I’m seeing him for the first time; because he’s cute, but he’s not nearly cute enough for me to have wasted seven years of my life on him.

“I missed our original train, but I got help at the station. I got here only about twenty minutes after you. I thought you’d wait, but…”

“Why would I wait?” I blurt out.

His brows knit. I don’t know if he’s going to say something, but I don’t let him.

“You missed our train, even though you had plenty of time to make it back. I assumed you weren’t coming. Why would I derail my day for you?”

His face starts to turn red with anger, or embarrassment, or shame. Maybe all three? I don’t know. I don’t care. Because Salvatore was right. I deserve the best. But right now, what matters is that I know — and Steve will know — that I deserve better.

“Anyway, I need a coffee,” I say.

“I’ll come with you,” Steve offers, and I put a hand out to stop him.

“Don’t bother,” I say. “I can get around on my own.”

His lips thin at that obvious barb, and he falls back into his seat. I grab my purse and begin to walk away, not even sure where I’m heading because I’m riding high on the fact that for the first time ever, I told Steve how I feel.

I smile to myself as the conductor yells that the train will soon be departing from the platform. I smile to myself, knowing that once I return to Rome, things will change. I’m not sure exactly what or how, but I’m not the same woman who arrived in Naples this morning. Salvatore changed me, and as if my body wants to let me know just how much, I shiver as my sex clenches, and I feel his semen seep out of me.

It’s dirty. I feel used. But I also feel beautiful and confident.

Salvatore gave me more than I could have imagined.





The sun is almost set by the time I leave the restaurant, but it’s full dark by the time I pull into the driveway at the country house. Giulio comes out of the front door as soon as I pull up, and he rushes to my car to pull my door open.

“Everything alright?” I ask him, hardly knowing exactly what I’m referring to. My wife? Umberto? Or any of our other dirty endeavors, because I can’t focus on anything except the memory of Shae’s delicate figure getting smaller and smaller as she walked away from me. It took me so long to make it out here because I waited around the restaurant, desperately hoping that she would return. She didn’t.

“Everything’s fine, boss. Got her in the cellar.”

I nod and walk toward the front door.

In the house, I lead Giulio down to my wine cellar. As soon as I open the door, I can hear Flavia complaining — always complaining — but her voice is shaking. She’s putting on a good show, but I know that she knows what’s coming, and her voice cuts off when she hears my feet on the stairs.

The cellar is dark, damp. This room smells like earth and fear. I miss the musky brightness of my office at the restaurant, the scent I created with Shae. My hands flex just remembering the way her skin felt under my fingertips.

“You piece of shit,” she spits at me in Italian. “My father should have killed you when he had the chance.”

“But he didn’t,” I respond, my voice cold. “I wish he had tried, then I wouldn’t have been stuck with you for all this time.”

She recoils at my words.

Alfonso places a chair across from Flavia, and I sit. I take my time, crossing my legs, straightening the crease in my slacks since I had to change before I could come out here. I hadn’t wanted to, but I couldn’t show up at a meeting like this smelling like another woman’s cunt. I didn’t want to soil what Shae and I shared with the ugliness of this moment.

I cross my arms in my lap and look at Flavia. “I will admit,” I begin, “that I respect you much more than your father. At least you took a shot. That soft coward of a man didn’t have the balls. Apparently, you do.”

She sniffs and lifts her chin into the air. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

I tsk at her and shake my head, smiling ruefully. She flinches at that. How long since I smiled at her? Years? Decades? Never? “Don’t insult me, especially not after I’ve paid you a compliment. We can do this the easy way, out of respect for all our time together. Or we can do this the hard way. The way I did with your father.”

She gulps and begins to shake.

“Which road would you like to travel, wife?”





Six Hours Later





I’m not a man who lives with regrets. My line of work doesn’t allow for that, and neither does my personality. If there was ever a time when I had a functioning conscience, I short-circuited it to get where I am today. I’m brutally honest, with myself, if no one else. I have to be, as a matter of safety. If I delude myself into thinking I’m better than I am, I won’t be able to fully understand who hates me, and why, and who hates me enough to want to kill me.

My moral code is simple because it has to be. I don’t do anything I can’t live with, and I don’t leave room for regrets, not normally.

I should have gotten Shae’s last name. And of all the things I’ve done in my life — all the people I’ve killed, had killed, betrayed, and stolen from — letting Shae walk away from me without a way to contact her is the first mistake I’ve made in so long. It makes even my disaster of a marriage pale in comparison in my chest. How can it not?

I’d married Flavia knowing full well who and what she was, and had planned accordingly. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I’d always known that this was how it would end, so there’s no room to regret. But I hadn’t had any time to prepare for Shae, and every hour that’s passed since my last look at her, I’m more and more enraged at all the things I should have done.

So, when Flavia finally tells me what I want to hear, my response is maybe not completely in line with my feelings about her.

“It was The Greek,” she says. Her voice is shaking with fear and probably anger. If I were in a better mood, I might have been more grudgingly respectful that even at this moment — even with Giulio and Alfonso standing behind her, guns in hand — she still has the strength to be angry at me and not hide it. When her father was in this position, he was blubbering like a child, and he pissed himself. It was embarrassing.

But I’m not in a better mood, and her anger makes me indignant. If she hadn’t betrayed me, she could have continued draining my bank accounts with her useless designer acquisitions, living in a loveless marriage in style, and I could have continued running my empire, pretending that my personal life had no bearing on my work. And if she’d done that, then maybe today, when I met Shae, I could have done something I promised myself I’d never do; I could have taken a mistress. I could have kept her just a bit longer than an afternoon.

“Tell me everything,” I bite out, barely containing the rising rage coursing through my blood.

“What do I get in return?”

I take a deep breath trying to center myself. I want to yell, but that’s not who I am. Some people call me the Tin Man, because only a man without a heart could be so cold. I wonder if that’s why it’s taken Flavia so long to make this move; she’s taken my calm for weakness. Maybe she’s just as foolish as her father.

“If you tell me everything, I’ll make sure that you have the best doctors to nurse you back to health.”

She blanches, and I watch the blood drain from her face.

I extend my arm to Alfonso, and he steps forward to hand me his gun. I cross my legs at the knee and casually aim the barrel at her.

“If I think there’s even a chance you aren’t telling me everything I want to know…Well, there’s room next to your father’s grave. I’ve been saving it for you.”

The fire in her eyes returns for a brief moment. “Where…?” She stutters as her eyes begin to water. “Where is he?”

This makes me smile, at least. She asked me on our wedding night to tell her where I’d dumped her father’s body, not because she cared, but because her mother did. I imagine that she thinks I don’t know that she promised her mother on her deathbed that she’d find her father’s corpse and have him buried in their family cemetery. It’s given me decades of happiness to deny her that.

“If you want to find out sooner rather than later,” I say, breaking the anger I can see building inside her, “I’m more than happy to oblige.”

She swallows loudly, and her body begins to tremble. “The Greek gave me money to put together a petty gang to gun for you.”

“Their names,” I demand.

She nods and starts speaking.

I listen intently. With each word, a new part of my body ices over, not because any of the names matter but because I’m weary. No one stays in this position longer than they’re meant to; I firmly believe that. I don’t know how much longer I have here, but the twinge in my back and the vague ache of the still-healing gunshot wound let me know that it might be time to consider a retirement plan before someone decides for me. But if I want to step down on my own two legs, I need to put everyone gunning to take my spot six feet under one last time.

“What’s the plan, boss?” Alfonso asks as we ascend from the wine cellar.

“Take her south,” I say to him.

He nods and pulls his phone from his back pocket. I hear him arranging to secret my wife out of the city to a town she always hated.

“And me?” Giulio asks, his voice eager and vaguely deadly.

“You got the list. I want them all taken care of.”

“Need me to be discreet?” he asks, sounding disappointed at the prospect.

I smile vaguely. “Absolutely not. I want The Greek to know that I’m coming for him.”

Giulio smiles. “Sure thing, boss.”

He turns and practically runs toward the door. I used to be like that, eager to do my job because the big decisions weren’t mine to make. I miss that. The weight of responsibility has sucked all the joy from my job, and I envy Giulio his relative freedom. I call his name without thinking.

He stops, his hand on the doorknob, and turns to me. “Boss?”

I’m about to ask him about Shae, and that’s stupid. Giulio’s strengths don’t include surveillance, and besides, I still don’t know anything more about her than how wet and warm her cunt felt around my dick. Seeing him so mindlessly happy makes me think of her, but I can’t tell Giulio that. I can’t tell anyone that, for her sake and my own.

“When you’re done, take a break,” I tell him. “Get out of town.” It’s a sound security measure as well as a reward.

He smiles, “Got it, boss,” and then he turns and heads out into the night.

I’m standing alone in the kitchen to my country home, and I can practically hear my long-dead father-in-law’s voice in my head. We all pay a price for power.

At the time, I’d thought I’d paid the ultimate price; I’d married his daughter. For twenty years, I’ve confined myself to a loveless marriage and given up any fantasies I had of a family, but apparently, there was an outstanding debt. If I want to stay in power, I need to let go of any hope that I’ll see Shae again, and I need to bury the desire to look for her deeper than I buried Flavia’s father.

Weary isn’t a strong enough word.





Epilogue





Six Weeks Later


I’ve been a bridesmaid six times in my life, but Zahra’s wedding was the one I’d been looking forward to since I was a kid. I was supposed to be her bridesmaid and Zoe her maid of honor, but instead, I’m playing go-between with the sisters because they’re not talking. I’m not commenting on the fact that Zoe’s not in the maid of honor dress, and I’m not telling Zahra how fucked up that is. Instead, I’m rushing from Zahra’s bridal suite to Zoe’s hotel room three floors down. I’m rushing back and forth between the sisters, so they don’t have to look back on this day and regret not sharing this moment together.

I’ve been trying to appease them all morning, and I’m fucking tired.

“Hey, honey, you alright?” Aunt Caroline asks me.

I’m sitting on a bench by the elevator, trying to catch my breath.

“Oh, I’m fine,” I say, swiping at the sweat at my brow. I yawn. “I’m just tired.”

“Oooh,” Caroline says with a smile. “Did that scrawny little boyfriend of yours keep you up all night?”

“Caroline!” I shriek. “Ew.”

“Ew? Girl, if you’re saying ew, he’s not doing it right.”

Not that I want to talk about this with my aunt, but yeah, I know, now more than ever. I haven’t let Steve touch me since before we went to Italy. Before our trip, it was the consequence of two busy people in a long-term relationship, but since Naples, it’s been an entirely different matter.

I don’t recoil when he reaches from me by sheer force of will, but I do skip away from his grasp.

I can still feel Salvatore’s hands on me. And his mouth. And his dick inside me. I don’t want to ruin that memory with Steve’s fumbling touch.

He knows something’s changed. How could he not? I don’t talk to him unless I need to. I don’t hug or kiss him. I don’t even look at him anymore. And I definitely don’t seek out his gaze, hoping to see something in his eyes that makes me feel. I’ve had that, and it didn’t come from Steve.

He’s trying to be better now. He remembers to vacuum the living room and empty the dishwasher and put down the toilet seat in the middle of the night. I want to be excited about this pathetic display of adulthood, but each time he looks at me with a desperate desire in his eyes, searching for my approval, that pick-me spark sputters out.

Because I remember Salvatore’s eyes on me. His hands digging into my flesh. Wrapping around my neck. Tugging at my curls. His dick pumping in and out of me. His mouth. His tongue. His cock twitching and flexing, and then releasing so deep inside me, I come again. I remember Salvatore, and I realize that my relationship with Steve is over.

But not our lease.

So, I’ve been avoiding him, picking up extra shifts at the diner, working at my rented studio space downtown, and using the preparations for Zahra’s wedding as excuses to put as much distance between us as I can.

“No,” I tell auntie Caroline. “I just haven’t been sleeping well.”

She sucks her teeth at me. “Pity.”

I want to roll my eyes, but I’m not a fool. Besides, of all the cousins, I never give my aunts attitude. So, I look up at her and smile.

She squints down at me and frowns. She grabs my chin between her thumb and forefinger and tilts my head back to look deeper in my eyes. “I been dreaming about fish,” she says.

I shake out of her grasp and stand up quickly, backing away. “Zahra’s getting married.”

“Don’t mean the dreams were about her.”

“They’re not about me,” I shoot back feebly.

“Your mama and daddy spent all that money on college, and that’s the best response you got?”

“I need to get up to Zahra’s suite. It’s time to start getting ready,” I say, changing the topic completely.

“There’s a pharmacy across the street,” she says. “I need to pop over there and get some pantyhose anyway.” She’s already walking to the elevator.

“I don’t need anything,” I say, even though she hasn’t offered.

“Sure, you don’t,” she says.

The elevator dings, and the doors slide open. She steps inside, and I move to the door and peer at her. She’s going down. I’m going up.

“You’d think you’d be happy about this. You two been together long enough,” she says as the doors close.

But I’m not.

We haven’t.

It’s not Steve’s.





Acknowledgments





I had the idea for this story during February’s #20kin5Days, so the first person I should thank is Tasha L. Harrison for giving me a reason to write this truly random story. Thanks also to Lucy Eden and Jodie Slaughter for reading early versions of this and encouraging me to continue writing it, even when I wasn’t sure what the hell I was trying to do. Thanks also to Kai for reading and editing two versions and telling me that I made it hotter. YAY! That was the goal!

And thank YOU for reading!

If you enjoyed this book, I hope you’ll consider recommending it to a friend and reviewing it wherever you feel comfortable. You can also follow me on any of my social media or sign up to my newsletter! Links below!

If you made it this far, I hope you enjoyed meeting Shae and Salvatore for the first time. Clearly, they have some unfinished business, but they’ll be back after a while. In the meantime, look out for The Hitman, because as it happens, Shae’s cousin Zahra’s wedding day doesn’t go at all how she planned and when she runs away on her honeymoon alone, she meets an annoying but attractive stranger who makes her forget her heartbreak and barely even notice the curious number of armed men who just keep popping up around them.

Turn the page for a look at the cover of The Hitman. And if you think you know who Zahra’s stranger is… let me know!





Twitter | Instagram | Newsletter | Bookbub | Follow me on Amazon





More by Katrina Jackson





Welcome to Sea Port

From Scratch

Inheritance

Small Town Secrets

Her Christmas Cookie





The Spies Who Loved Her

Pink Slip

Private Eye

Bang & Burn

New Year, New We

His Only Valentine





Erotic Accommodations

Room for Three?

Neighborly





Love at Last

Every New Year





Heist Holidays

Grand Theft N.Y.E.





The Family

Beautiful & Dirty





Standalone stories

Encore

Layover

Office Hours





Copyright © 2020 by Katrina Jackson

All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.

ASIN: B086HXGL86

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Editor: A.K. Edits





