Mating the Huntress



A Halloween Romance





Talia Hibbert





Nixon House





MATING THE HUNTRESS: Talia Hibbert

Copyright (c) 2018 by Nixon House

Credits: Cover by Cosmic Letterz.

All rights reserved.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, events and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination, or within the public domain. Any resemblance to actual events or actual persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

No portion of this book may be reprinted, including by any electronic or mechanical means, or in information storage and retrieval systems, without express written permission from the author, except for the use of brief quotations in a review.

Created with Vellum





This Halloween, love bites back… hard.





* * *



Chastity Adofo knows a monster when she sees one. As soon as Luke Anthony wanders into her family’s coffee shop, she recognises the evil lurking beneath his charming smile and fantastic arse. The handsome werewolf is determined to have her—but she’s determined to cut out his heart.





* * *



Little does she know, Luke’s plans for her are far more pleasurable than murder. And when the full moon rises, all bets are off…





* * *



Warning: Mating the Huntress is 30,000+ words of red-hot, Halloween-themed romance. This novella contains one flirtatious, cursed creature of the night, one badass, knife-happy heroine, and forbidden lust at first sight. Please read responsibly!





For the matriarchs.





Contents




Content Note





Prologue



1. October



2. Creation



3. The Change



4. Monster of Mine



5. Rabid



6. Judgement



7. Full Moon Rising



8. The Beast Within





Thank You



Author’s Note



Acknowledgements



Also by Talia Hibbert



About the Author





Content Note





Please be aware: this book contains casual violence and reference to rapists, which some readers may find uncomfortable. Rapists are mentioned specifically in Chapter 5, Rabid.





Prologue





September





The Adofo women had been separated, and now Victory would die.

She knew it, too—but dying on her knees wasn’t part of the plan, and it certainly wasn’t the Adofo way. So the young woman sprinted through the frigid forest, her muscles screaming and every breath tasting like blood in her mouth. The full moon’s icy glow wasn’t strong enough to illuminate each treacherous branch and root, so she let her instincts guide her. Victory ducked and leapt and weaved just in time, every time, because she was a huntress.

A huntress who had just become the hunted.

Slaughtering Werewolves had been Victory’s duty for years now, but she’d never experienced anything like tonight’s events. Weres might walk in human skin sometimes, but at their hearts, they were monsters. Slavering beasts. Easy enough for a team of women to put down, once they’d been identified and trapped.

Yet the creature they hunted tonight… It was different. Smarter than it should be, cunning, almost human in its behaviour. It had played them, rounded them up and herded them away from each other. It had disarmed them one by one with an intelligence that had raw terror grinding through her bones. Now, Victory was alone, armed only with a silver dagger that would be useless until she was in range of the Were’s teeth and claws. She held it tighter, so tight that the hilt began to cut into her palm.

Her little sister, Chastity, could turn and hurl this blade into the beast’s eye from 50 paces, hard enough to hit its brain. But Chastity wasn’t here, despite her skill. Chastity would never be here, never find herself running senselessly from death, and Victory had never been so fucking happy about that as she was right then.

Perhaps it was the thought of her sister’s ruthlessness, or perhaps it was the pain of her own grip on the dagger, but Victory’s fear began to fade. Soon, only the pride of an Adofo woman remained, as sharp and bright as the silver in her fist. After a moment’s grim consideration, she finally stopped running, because a second’s rational thought had revealed a dark truth: The thing could’ve caught her ages ago. It had been playing with her. Trying to break her, perhaps. Whatever its twisted reasoning, she wouldn’t play its game.

With a stretch of lips that could never be called a smile, Victory faced death.

The creature stood a few metres away, watching her with curiosity. It was a shock to realise that she could identify any emotion on that cruelly distorted face, but she could. Regardless, the thing in front of her was undeniably a monster. Standing at eight or nine feet, the beast was all terrifying muscle and ragged fur that gleamed gunmetal grey in the moonlight. Its limbs were too long, its hind legs powerful and unnaturally formed. It seemed to have arms and hands, but those hands ended in claws as sharp as Victory’s dagger. It stared at her with eyes of glowing, poisonous green, sitting above a snarling muzzle that displayed vicious fangs. Those fangs, Victory knew, would eat her alive.

She stepped closer. This, she told herself, was the best option. Once the beast had slaughtered her, moon madness wouldn’t allow it to turn away from her corpse. It would eat her. And the endeavour would take long enough that the rest of her family, separated and confused, would escape the forest’s haunting embrace and head to their meeting point to regroup. Eventually, they’d realise that she was missing—but by that point, the Were would likely have dragged her cadaver to its lair, so they would be safe from attack.

Her death would have a purpose. At this point, that was all she could ask for.

She tossed her dagger to the ground and spat, “Come the fuck on, then.” Her voice didn’t shake because she was a huntress, but she did tug the sleeves of her hoodie over her fingers in a nervous habit left over from childhood. The action had always comforted a once-shy Victory, and it comforted her now, too; especially because she’d borrowed this red zip-up hoodie from Chastity that evening. Chas had bitched and moaned about the fact that she wasn’t permitted to hunt, and Victory had laughed. She’d snapped her teeth at her little sister and joked, “You should be grateful. Who wants to play with the big, bad wolf?”

Perhaps she was a little bit clairvoyant.

And perhaps not. Because what happened next, Victory could never have seen coming.

The Were overcame its hesitation all at once, lunging for her with the disturbing grace that all Werewolves seemed to possess. It landed on top of her, knocking her to the ground, its weight so vast that her lungs seized. Victory’s world shrank in an instant, until all she could focus on was the burning-hot breath bathing her skin, the scalding drool dripping from seven-inch fangs, and the venomous green eyes pinned to hers.

The creature opened its jaws, and she saw hell.

But instead of biting her goddamn face off, it made a sound. A low, ragged, snarling sound that almost seemed like… a word? A series of words, in fact, since it produced a few more strange noises. Then, when Victory’s only response was to gape in astonishment, the Werewolf…

The Werewolf repeated itself.

“Err—if—mm—eye?” came its halting growl.

She squinted. “I beg your pardon?” (Imminent death, her mother would remind her, was no reason to abandon good manners.)

“Err if meye?” the Were roared, sounding rather impatient. Then it clamped its fangs shut, shook its head for a moment, bent spine-chillingly closer… and sniffed her. She felt its wet nose against her neck like a particularly huge and terrifying dog’s. Victory held perfectly still, her blood rushing like lava in her veins, terror pulsing against her skull like the very worst migraine. Every muscle in her body tensed as she waited for her life to end in a storm of pain and suffering.

Then she felt a tug, heard a rip, and suddenly the weight pinning her to the ground was gone.

Was she… dead? Had she just heard her own vital organs being torn apart like paper? Victory opened eyes she barely remembered closing and decided that she must still be alive. Ghosts, as every sensible person knew, generally floated above their own corpses after death. They didn’t continue to lie in the cold dirt, feeling every bruise and ache and sprain in their body, while staring up at the Werewolf who’d just ripped off a part of their hoodie. And, since that’s exactly what Victory was doing, she clearly was not a ghost.

The Were blinked down at her for a second, the glow of its unnatural eyes illuminating the scrap of red fabric hanging between its teeth. Then, as if its inspection had been completed, it turned and darted away.

Victory sat up, ignoring the sharp stab of pain in her skull and the rather concerning agony of her ribs. This didn’t make any sense. Why was the Were leaving? It shouldn’t be able to leave. It should be a slavering, frenzied beast caught in the grip of the moon, driven only by the promise of blood and gore and death. It shouldn’t be rational enough to walk away from a kill! And why on earth had it taken part of her hoodie?

Wait. No. Not Victory’s hoodie.

Chastity’s.





1





October





Luke Anthony was a simple beast, curse of the moon aside. He asked for very little: creatures to devour, excellent Wi-Fi, and a complete lack of human company, to be specific. Cup o’Go did very well on the Wi-Fi front, and it also sold food—dead meat only, unfortunately—but it was entirely too populous for his liking.

And yet, Luke kept turning up. Day after day. To see her.

The café’s door swung shut behind him, its little bell tinkling over the chatter of other patrons. He couldn’t see her at the counter, but he knew immediately that she was here somewhere. He could smell her, stronger than the fresh-baked pastries and Kenyan coffee beans, even stronger than the taste of the next full moon in the air. She was an intoxicating mix of autumn leaves, red velvet cake and chilled iron that had his cock hardening instantly—which was bloody inconvenient, to be honest. Public erections were, by all accounts, considered impolite. Luckily for Luke, self-restraint was his strongest survival skill. So, with great effort, he willed his body to behave.

A second later, she appeared, popping out from the backroom with her hairnet on and her apron neatly in place. He watched as she took over from the boy at the till with a smile and a few short words. She’d been doing that since the first day he’d hunted her down to this little store; making herself available whenever he was around. Putting herself in his path. She was only human, but she must feel the connection between them too. They were fated, after all. They were written in the stars. And once he figured out how to ask a human woman on a date, Luke would mate her and fuck her and live happily ever after as her devoted swain. Chastity Adofo would be his.

But he was getting ahead of himself. He should probably say hello first.

He reached the counter and stood for a moment, staring at her in silence like a dickhead. He couldn’t help it. She was his mate—not yet, technically, but still—and she was so beautiful, with her dark curls battling the hairnet and her round, midnight eyes that looked everywhere but him. She had full lips that she always chewed on nervously, skin like brown velvet, a little scar on her right elbow, and—

The love of Luke Anthony’s life cleared her throat and said, “Good morning, Sir. What can I get you?”

And, just like every other morning for the past few weeks, he said gruffly, “Usual. And call me Luke.”

She flashed him a tiny smile and turned to the coffee machine. This, you see, was the problem: Luke wasn’t so good with people. Or talking. Or talking to people. He didn’t usually care if he came off as threatening, or feral, or whatever—but this was Chastity. She was special, and shy, while he was an apex predator with a burning desire to sink his teeth into her arse. How was he supposed to convey all of that in a way that wouldn’t scare her shitless? He had no idea. Just the other day, he’d Googled How to ask a woman out without making her fear for her life—but the results hadn’t been particularly helpful.

While he ruminated, she finished sorting out his coffee and got to work on his six ham and cheese croissants. Not as filling as he’d prefer, for breakfast, but he didn’t want to freak her out by ordering twenty. Since heating up the snacks brought her to face him again, Luke decided to test his conversational skills.

“Cold outside,” he said.

Chastity smiled and nodded, her corkscrew curls trembling, her gaze flitting shyly away from his. She was just so… delicate. Everything, from the curve of her forearms to the lush shape of her figure, screamed Soft. He had no fucking clue how to care for a woman like that without breaking her—but he would, he reminded himself. He would figure it out. She was his mate. They were made for each other.

He slid a hand into his pocket and grasped the scrap of bright-red fabric in there, the fabric that had led him to her. Sometimes, that fabric confused him, since he’d torn it from the body of a huntress—but right now, it gave him courage. Chastity was his, and he was hers. Nothing could get in the way of that.

His eyes settled on the Halloween-themed treats on display, and he decided to try again. “Biscuits look good.”

To his absolute shock, she actually replied. She spoke to him, using words that weren’t related to his order. He almost dropped down dead. Her gaze still lowered, she murmured, “Those are scones.”

He blinked. “I’m sorry?”

“That’s okay.”

Not what he’d meant, but he was too busy rolling around in the sound of her voice to care. She was much firmer than he’d expect from someone so shy, her tone steely and smooth. His wolf liked that. And, apparently, biscuits were the topic that would tease a conversation out of her—which made sense, all things considered. Trying not to sound too eager, he asked, “Do you bake?”

She hesitated for a moment before answering. “Allegedly. Does it count if you eat your own bakes before anyone else can see them?”

He felt a huge grin spread over his face. Sounding exactly as besotted as he felt, Luke said, “You’re funny.”

She pursed her lips. “Hm.”

That was it. Just a short, flat sound. Maybe she was feeling shy again. After a beat, he tried once more. “So. It’s Halloween next week.”

“Quite,” she said, and slapped his six croissants on a tray.

He sighed, paid, picked up his tray and left her alone. According to his research, human women didn’t like being harassed 24/7. He still wasn’t 100% clear on how not to do that, but he was trying his best.

What he really needed was to get her away from this shop. Once she was off the clock he’d feel better about shoving his conversation down her throat. Luke bit into his first croissant and chewed thoughtfully. Maybe it was time to ask her out. After all, she’d just talked to him. Voluntarily. In complete sentences. About something other than coffee! That was a great sign, right? Right. It was past time to claim her, really. He’d been cautious for her sake, but his beast was getting rage-y—which didn’t bode well for anything with a pulse—and he was sick of these never-ending erections. He’d never had one in his life until the first time he’d scented her, and he had a feeling that she was the only one who could deal with them effectively. So, it was settled.

Today, Luke vowed, he wasn’t leaving this fucking café until he’d finally asked out his mate.





“You’re funny.” Pah. Did he think she was so easy to beguile?

Chastity Adofo leaned against the café’s counter and watched the Werewolf eat his croissants. He had decent table manners, for a murderous beast. He had decent everything, in fact, but it was all a predatory front. The confident grace with which he moved was a distraction from his dangerously powerful build. The sweetness of his smile hid those unusually sharp canines. The honeyed shade of his skin and the ebony of his hair almost made those vivid green eyes seem normal, but they most assuredly were not. Chastity may be the only Adofo woman who wasn’t allowed to hunt, but she’d been trained alongside her sisters.

She knew a monster when she saw one.

This particular monster was doubtless the one who’d torn her hoodie off of Victory last month. She’d been told of that incident, warned that the Were might come for her on the next full moon.

She hadn’t admitted to any of her sisters—and definitely not to her mother—that it had come hunting much sooner than that, in painfully handsome skin. The lie that was its gorgeous face tugged at something deep inside her, something strange and uncomfortable and forbidden. She presumed those feelings were the famous Adofo huntress instincts, finally at work within her. Judging by the way his presence drove up her pulse, heated her blood and set her on edge, killing him might just be her destiny. And once she did, her mother would finally see that Chastity should be permitted to hunt.

“You got a crush, Chas?”

She turned her thoughts away from sweet, sweet murder and her eyes away from her intended target. Her little brother had appeared by her side with a shit-eating grin, drying a little plate with a threadbare tea towel.

She rolled her eyes. “Get in the back, Val.”

Running the family business with her dad and brothers was generally rewarding, but at times like this it just felt so… galling. She was an Adofo woman. She should be a huntress.

But twenty-five years ago, on the day of Chastity’s birth, some batty old oracle had rocked up to the delivery room and told her parents—in typically dramatic fashion—that if Chastity ever became a huntress, her first kill would rip out her own heart.

Sounded like a steaming pile of bullshit to Chas, but her parents had taken it very seriously. So, here she was, a quarter century later, plotting to slaughter a paying customer just to gain access to her birthright. Her gaze slid over to the Werewolf in the corner again. He appeared to have finished his croissants. He was watching her with an intensity that sent shivers down her spine. She looked away.

Her brother chuckled, oblivious to the presence of a monster in their midst. “Relax, snippy. I was just coming to check on you. I know you get awfully flustered when that guy’s around.” His grin grew impossibly larger as he jerked his head not-so-subtly towards Luke. Even if he had been subtle, it wouldn’t matter; Ma had a theory that Werewolves maintained excellent hearing while in human form. In fact, Chastity realised, if that were the case, it was something she could use to her advantage…

Trying her best to sound bashful, she mumbled, “Valour, please. Just be cool, okay?”

Her brother, the youngest of them all at nineteen, lit up at the opportunity to roast a sibling. “Oh, for real? You like him.”

God, no. But if the beast thought she liked him, he’d hurry up and ask her out already. Then, when they were somewhere nice and private, she could decapitate him. Bearing that—and her false shyness—in mind, she whispered awkwardly, “Would you be quiet?”

“You should ask him out, sis.” Valour winked as he wandered away. “He likes you too.”

Chastity barely resisted the urge to snort. That thing wasn’t capable of ‘liking’ anyone. It liked the idea of barbecuing her, for sure. Rolling her eyes at her little brother’s nonsense, she turned back to the counter—

And let out a rather mortifying shriek when she found the Werewolf standing right in front of her.

She blinked. Stared over at his abandoned seat by the window. Then at him. Then at the seat.

How fast was he? He’d been sitting there seconds ago. A second ago. Less than that! And she hadn’t heard him move, either, despite the fact that she was aware of her surroundings at all times. Just how may abilities did the Weres maintain in human form, anyway? Maybe she shouldn’t kill him just yet. Maybe she should stretch this faux-flirtation out, keep monitoring him, add to their family’s sadly spotty knowledge of Were powers…

“Chastity,” he said, yanking her back to reality. His voice sounded almost like a growl, which was appropriate. For a moment, she was alarmed by the fact that he knew her name—but then she remembered the tag embroidered on her apron, not to mention his apparent super-hearing, and the fact that he’d been coming here for weeks. Duh. Honestly, sometimes she felt like her brain moved slower when he was around—which was probably down to some primal fear instinct that her sisters, with their superior experience, had overcome long ago.

Never mind the academic possibilities, she decided. She was going to kill this fucker and claim her spot on the squad ASAP.

“Hi,” she said, hiding her murderous intentions behind a sweet smile. Her reasoning was that many men—especially twisted, dangerous men with fangs and claws and a species-wide tendency towards mass murder—liked feminine attention. This particular Werewolf was evidently one of those men, because he put his hands flat against the counter and leaned towards her, an answering smile on his face. It was a very handsome smile, making faint lines crinkle around those unnatural eyes of his. If she hadn’t known any better, she’d say he looked almost adoring.

“Hi,” he replied, and there was a shimmering edge to his low, gruff voice, one that suggested… excitement?

She knew these creatures liked the hunt.

“How are you?” he asked, which was a question he asked often. Far more than most human customers. But that, no doubt, was all part of his strange grooming process. Still, since she was trying to speed this whole thing up, she decided to answer with something other than a tremulous smile.

“I’m fine, thank you, Luke.”

He jolted as if she’d electrocuted him. It was the first time she’d ever said his name, and he was clearly aware of the fact. He’d be even more surprised, no doubt, if she revealed that she knew his full name, his birthday, his address, and his little problem with the moon. But she’d save those surprises until later.

Later, when he was chained up in her silver.

His face seemed to light up, those goddamn eyes glinting like old-fashioned glass bottles in the sunlight. Freakish things. Still, his smile was kind of cute, if you ignored the canines.

“Ah,” he said, running one massive hand through his hair. “Great. So… do you like Halloween?”

If she were being herself right now, she’d arch a mildly scathing brow. Did she like Halloween, the cursed beast asked. Was he trying to be ironic? Maybe this was sick Werewolf humour. Regardless, she could only dimple sweetly and say, “Yes.”

He didn’t seem bothered by the simplicity of her responses. “Cool. Well, I wouldn’t usually do this—since you’re working—but…” He huffed out a little laugh that might be charming if she weren’t aware of his hunger for human flesh. “This is kind of a special circumstance.” The special circumstance, she presumed, was his desire to swallow her whole. “So, I don’t suppose you’re free on Saturday night? Because if you are, maybe we could do something Halloween-related.”

Halloween was Monday, but most people would be partying Saturday. Of course, Chastity didn’t want to party. Killing him would be awkward with so many witnesses. So she gave a smile of genuine excitement—because she was genuinely excited to carve out his heart and show it to Ma—and said, “I would love that. How about a film night?”

He blinked. “Film night?”

“Yeah! We could watch old horror films and stuff, in honour of Halloween. I love them.”

A slow smile spread over his face, different to the one he usually gave her; less sweetly hesitant or quietly considering, and more satisfied. It was the kind of smile a dangerous man gave a vulnerable woman—or perhaps the kind a predator gave his prey. The thought of seeing that smile before he ate her up sent an odd thrill over Chastity’s skin, until every fine hair stood on end.

“I love those too,” he said. “Didn’t think you’d be the type.”

Oops. It probably didn’t fit her gentle and demure façade, but she liked to stick close to the truth when she lied. “I suppose I’m full of surprises,” she said, which was also entirely honest. He would definitely be surprised when she put him down.

Of course, Saturday wasn’t quite full moon night—Monday was—so she wouldn’t actually be slaughtering a rabid beast, she realised.

She’d be killing… him. Luke. A man.

No. He’s never a man. Not even when he looks like one.

“Okay,” he was saying. “Film night sounds great. Your place?”

“No,” she said quickly—maybe too quickly, judging by his blink of surprise. Or perhaps he was just confused that a single woman, who wasn’t visibly threatening, would voluntarily go to a strange man’s home. “Yours, I think.” She pulled a pen and notepad out from beside the till and handed it to him.

With a look somewhere between bafflement and wonder, he wrote down his address.

She wondered how he’d look at her when she stabbed him in the throat.





2





Creation





The night would have been pitch-black if it weren’t for the light of the waxing moon, close to full and pure as pearl. Beneath the haunting gloom lay a forest soaked in secrets, and at its shadowed maw, a little cabin. Inside that cabin lurked death. He, also known as Luke, was trying not to fidget.

Everything should be just fine; he knew that. He’d spent long enough preparing, after all. Instinct demanded that he show his mate he could provide for her, so he’d done his best to make his spartan home seem inviting. There was a soft blanket on the sofa, because humans got cold so easily, and a fire burning in the grate for that same purpose. He couldn’t cook for shit, and he didn’t think Chastity would react well if he presented her with a rabbit carcass, so he’d run around town all day collecting takeaway menus. Oh, and he’d bought cupcakes. He’d stalked Chastity long enough to know that she liked cupcakes.

Now, everything in place, Luke waited with his hand shoved into his pocket, toying with that scrap of scarlet fabric. Maybe tonight, he’d find out how Chas knew the huntress he’d torn this fabric from. They must be close, if they shared clothes. His Chastity clearly wasn’t like him; she had friends, people she bonded with. Luke was a solitary creature by nature, loyal to the loving parents who’d raised him, but with no desire to forge connections elsewhere.

Until he’d found her. Now, for the first time, he knew loneliness. Felt the gap of her absence. Felt true hunger.

He forced his thoughts back to the huntress, the one Chastity must know. Really, he owed the vicious woman his thanks. He and his mate had apparently lived in the same city for years, but he’d been so busy—mostly learning to manage his more violent urges—that he’d never come across her scent until that night. Of course, he’d have to give the huntress a stern talking to before he thanked her. It was very rude to invade a man’s forest and try to murder him. He understood the impulse—he was, after all, a slavering beast of the darkness and denizen of evil—but he couldn’t condone the random slaughtering of any species, as a matter of principal.

He was still wondering how to get that point across without upsetting his new mate’s friend/cousin/whatever when a knock came at the front door.

He tried not to run.

Judging by her startled blink when he opened the door, though, he’d still moved a little faster than was normal. Ah, well. He felt himself smile without conscious thought, just at the sight of her—and the scent of her, the usual mix of sweets and shadows, plus an edge of wild arousal that only grew the longer he stared. Luke tensed as he caught that hint of desire, locking down every muscle in his body to stop himself from reacting. Don’t scare her. Just because her body’s responding to you, doesn’t mean shit.

He held his breath and focused on his sight instead, but that wasn’t much better: Chastity looked as delicious as she smelled. Her cheeks and the tip of her nose seemed shinier than usual, doubtless because of the brisk October wind. That same wind blew at her hair until it rose up around her head like a dark halo, and whipped at the knee-length, black skirt he could see beneath her coat. She held that skirt down with nervous hands and gave him a tiny smile. She might as well have thrown her arms around him, the way his heart reacted.

“Chastity,” he said. “Come in.”

But she hesitated in the doorway, her gaze on something outside. “Where’d you get the pumpkins?” she asked.

“Someone was selling them at a market on the edge of town,” he said slowly, poking his head out of the door to follow her gaze. “Do you want some? The market’s every other Saturday. Of course, we’d miss Halloween, but… you can eat pumpkins, right?” He didn’t have the greatest knowledge of digestible plants, but he’d definitely heard of humans eating pumpkins.

She pursed her lips, shook her head. “I meant—who did the carvings?”

“Oh.” He looked down at the winding, floral pattern he’d carved into one pumpkin, the full moon and forest landscape he’d sliced into another. “I did.”

She blinked up at him in blatant disbelief.

His cheeks heated. “I’m good with my hands. Come on, you’ll get cold.”

There was the slightest pause before she finally stepped over his threshold, and then he had her. She was there, with him, in his territory—well, she’d been in his territory the second she stepped into the yard, but this was different. This was her choosing to enter his home. Even though she didn’t know it yet, and he had no idea how he’d get them to their happy ending, this felt like a turning point. Like the moment when his shadowy, solitary life began to brighten.

Luke ignored his pounding heart and willed his aching cock to behave itself, just for tonight. Tonight, nothing could go wrong.

“Can I take your coat?” he asked, because apparently that was the polite thing to do.

She unzipped the warm-looking jacket but held it close around her. “Um, no thank you.”

Ah, fuck. “Is it too cold in here? I can build up the fire, if you want.”

“No, no, it’s fine,” she said quickly. “I just, ah…”

He frowned when she trailed into silence, then looked down at the place where her hands clutched the fabric. Her knuckles were pale, she was holding on so tight. He realised all at once that she must be nervous.

His dad got anxious sometimes, and when he did, he had little habits that helped. So, maybe Chastity clinging to her coat was like that. Maybe she was being brave right now. The thought turned something inside him soft and warm, but at the same time… well, at the same time, he was eager for the day when she wouldn’t feel shy around him.

“Okay,” he said, hoping he sounded appropriately soothing. “You keep it.”

She looked up at him sharply, seeming almost suspicious. Then she confused him completely by asking, “Who told you what to do with the pumpkins?”

She was really into those pumpkins. “I learned to carve when I was a kid. My dad taught me.”

“No, I mean—the pictures. Someone showed them to you, right? And you copied?”

Well, damn. Luke knew from his experience with humans that he gave off more of a thug-slash-serial killer vibe than an artistic one, but surely it wasn’t that unbelievable. “I didn’t copy anything. Look.” There was a little shelf right by the door where he kept his latest carvings—not of pumpkins, but of wood—so he didn’t have to reach far to grab one at random. He held up a tiny, half-finished acorn for her and said, “I make things. I made this.”

She snatched the carving from his grasp, so fast he barely saw her coming and so neatly that her fingers didn’t even brush his. But for a heartbeat, he felt the ghost of the cold she’d dragged in from outside, emanating from her skin. Suddenly he wanted to wrap her poor little hands in his and rub them until she warmed right up.

She seemed more concerned with peering at his work. “You’re serious,” she said slowly. “You made this.”

“I’m an artist. Pays the bills.” He shrugged, as if his art weren’t everything to him. “I… I had temper issues, when I was young. My mum kicked me out and told me to find my own peace. And I did. Eventually.” He nodded at the acorn.

Her eyes widened for a moment before she asked, “Can I have this?”

“Uh… it’s not finished.”

“I know.”

He thought for a moment before shrugging. “If you want. I can make you something better, though.”

She gave him one of those little smiles, like a waning moon, and shook her head. “This is wonderful.” She slipped the acorn into her pocket while Luke fought down giddy satisfaction. If she liked the carvings he made to pass the time, she’d love a real piece. He would make her something. He’d find out what she loved, and he’d make it just for her.

He’d do whatever it took to keep his mate smiling that rare, half-moon smile.





Luke could be… creative?

Chastity wasn’t exactly an expert, but she was quite sure Werewolves shouldn’t be capable of that. For one thing, it was a solid indication of possessing a soul. She fingered the little wooden carving in her pocket and decided to show Constance at some point. Her eldest sister would know what it meant. In the meantime, she might have to put off her murderous plans. Just for a little while, for the sake of research.

Damn it.

She’d barely been here twenty minutes and she was already uncertain. Uncertainty made her irritable. It was, of course, the Werewolf’s fault. He was confusing her, with his nice little cabin, his friendly hospitality and his amazing bloody pumpkins.

And had he always smelled this fucking good? Chastity wasn’t sure. The café’s aroma had a way of drowning out everything else, so maybe he’d always had this incredible scent, this heady mixture of power, fresh pine and midnight heat, and she’d never noticed. Or maybe it was his strange little house in the shadows of the forest, rather than him, that smelled so great. It didn’t really matter, in the end, now did it? Because when she was through with him, he’d end up dead regardless.

That thought pounded through her blood like a drumbeat as he fussed around her, as he told her to sit down, as he showed her a small mountain of takeout menus and asked what she wanted to eat. By the time he went to order, she barely remembered her own decisions. She was too busy breathing through her mouth, trying to avoid that goddamn scent. It was fogging her brain, somehow, relaxing muscles that needed to stay tense, melting her murderous intent until she found herself questioning the ethical implications of killing a Were in human form, and of killing a Were who could… create.

“Pepperoni, right?”

His voice, rough and rich as brown sugar, yanked Chastity out of her own head. She dragged her gaze from the flames dancing in Luke’s old-fashioned fireplace to his face, then wished she hadn’t. He really was so handsome. It just wasn’t right. She tried to remember her sisters’ descriptions of vile, slavering Weres, tried to superimpose that image over his strong jaw and smiling mouth and the cute bump in the bridge of his nose, and failed.

He raised his brows a little and her cheeks warmed. God, he’d asked her a question and she’d responded by drooling over his pretty face. What was with her?

“Yeah,” she said, and he nodded and spoke into the phone. Chastity settled deeper into the sofa while she waited, snuggling into the blanket before she could stop herself. It was a really comfy sofa, okay? She definitely wasn’t letting her guard down. She had a pistol in her underarm holster—silver bullets—and a silver dagger strapped to her thigh beneath this ridiculous skirt, which she’d borrowed from her flighty sister, Prudence. The minute he went for her, she’d be ready. She didn’t foresee any problems; after all, she had the element of surprise, and beneath his predatory charm, he was just a rabid animal.

One hand slid into her pocket without permission, feeling for that acorn again. A nagging little voice in her head reminded her that humans were animals too.

“Pizza should be here in thirty minutes,” the Werewolf announced, running a hand through his always-messy hair. “Want a cupcake?”

Chastity stared.

“I know,” he said. “Cupcakes should be dessert. But it’s Halloween.” He flashed her a smile that was seven kinds of sinful and excruciatingly sexy, his eyes darkening to a shade that reminded her of a midnight forest. “Red velvet’s your favourite, right?”

“Yes,” she said slowly, feeling almost dizzy with the force of that tempting smile, that knowing voice. This must be some kind of ploy. Since when did men who weren’t her brothers notice her favourite things? Especially men she barely even spoke to?

“Great.” He sauntered off to the kitchenette. Most of this cabin seemed to be open plan, though his bed was nowhere to be seen. Chas found herself peering around at the few doors in her view, wondering which of them led to his room. Her pulse ratcheted up a notch as she thought about being dragged into his lair, about those unnatural eyes appearing above her in the dark right before he—

“Here we go,” Luke called from the kitchenette, showing her a fat cupcake crowned in creamy icing. “I got them today. Oh, wait—you probably want a plate. And a fork? I’m not good with…”

She almost said, Human stuff? But caught herself at the last second. “Don’t worry about all that,” she assured him, because really, who bothered with social niceties when there was cake to be eaten?

He grinned, grabbed a cupcake of his own, and wandered over, popping one into her hand. The cake’s sugar-sweet scent was delicious, almost as delicious as him. And where the hell had that thought come from? No more thinking about Luke’s bedroom, she decided as he sat down beside her.

She was concentrating on tamping down the fight-or-flight response elicited by sitting an arm’s-length away from a Werewolf when she noticed that Luke was licking his cream cheese icing.

Oh, fuck.

His broad tongue swept over the thick, pale swirls, scooping up the little red flakes of sugar that acted as decoration. He managed to decimate half the icing in one long lick, his lids lowered in shameless pleasure, his blissed-out expression making her oddly… uncomfortable. Fidgety. Unable to look away. Which was why, when he opened his eyes a second later, he found her staring at him.

His lips twitched, but there was something disarmingly erotic in his eyes. “I have terrible manners, I know.”

“I lick the icing off, too,” she blurted out. She had no idea what was going on with her runaway mouth. Why on earth would she tell a Werewolf something like that?

His smile widened into a grin she found disturbingly attractive. “Tut, tut, Chastity. What else do you lick?”

The odd, electrical tingling in her belly that occurred whenever he was near—presumably some kind of instinctive Werewolf-alarm—kicked up a notch. Her mouth felt suddenly dry, her mind disturbingly blank.

After a heartbeat, he added, “When you bake, I mean. You do bake, don’t you?”

They’d already covered this at the café. She was fairly certain that wasn’t what he’d meant at all. Especially because his smile had turned a little rueful, as if he couldn’t quite believe his own cheek. Well, neither could she. The bloody nerve of this… this monster, to flirt with her! She flashed him a smile that was more a baring of teeth and said, “My main problem is biting, actually.”

He choked on a mouthful of cupcake.

“I just can’t stop eating everything I make,” she went on smoothly. “And if I don’t manage, my siblings do. Perils of a big family.” She rolled her eyes heavenward.

He nodded along while wheezing. At this rate, he might well suffocate. Death by cupcake, courtesy of Chastity’s smart mouth. Really, she was a natural huntress. If her parents hadn’t allowed themselves to be influenced by nonsense from strange witches, she might have the highest kill streak of the family, instead of Mercy. Chastity was about to take a smug lick of her own icing when a thought hit her: witches. Spells. Poison.

She put the cupcake on the coffee table.

Beside her, Luke—who had unfortunately survived the choking incident—frowned. “You don’t like it?”

She scrambled for a believable excuse, since, based on smell alone, those cupcakes were clearly gorgeous. “I, um… sometimes, eating other people’s work makes me feel bad about my own.”

His brows flew up, but he didn’t laugh in her face, despite the absolute bullshit she’d just come out with. In fact, he seemed to accept her nonsense immediately.

“Ah,” he nodded, holding up his now-naked cupcake with a disgusted expression. “This is crap, anyway.”

“…Is it? You licked off all the icing pretty happily.”

“Worst icing I’ve ever tasted.” He actually threw the cupcake over his shoulder. She whipped her head around to watch it hit the far wall and land on the floor with a sad little thwack. Then she looked at him again, just in time to see his lips twitching and humour dancing through his unnatural gaze.

And goddamn her, Chastity felt herself smile in response, unwelcome laughter bubbling up in her throat. She even allowed herself a giggle or two, for the sake of flirtation—but her amusement was painfully real. He was actually kind of… sweet.

Never think it. He probably licks out people’s brains the same way he licked off that icing.

And yet, when she tried to visualise it, all she could see was that tongue working somewhere else. The forbidden image, sudden and shocking, was so intense that Chastity found herself squeezing her knees together. She sucked in an involuntary breath at the hot, decadent sensation rolling through her body.

Oh no. Oh no. Oh no.

She kept her expression carefully neutral, even as she grappled with the disturbing realisation that she apparently had the hots for a fucking Werewolf.

The Were in question was watching her far too closely, as if he could read her filthy thoughts. His too-sharp canines sank into his lower lip in a way that should remind her he was a dangerous predator, but didn’t. Instead, she found herself imagining the graze of his teeth over her nipples, the rasp of those talented hands over her bare skin. Then his fine nostrils flared, and he leaned ever so slightly towards her…

Fuck. She looked away and said, her voice fast and high, “We should start the film now!”

There was only the slightest pause before he said, his voice calm and friendly, “Alright.”

She stared at the floor and battled to regain control of her breathing while he faffed around with the TV. She was so freaked out, her pulse loud and frantic in her ears, her skin hotter than it should be even under this damn coat, that she almost missed the fact he was using a VCR. But even her deep inner turmoil wasn’t enough to distract her from that freakishness.

Her confusion with her wayward body forgotten, Chastity frowned over at his stack of videos and laughed, “Are you serious right now?”

He looked at her over his shoulder. His broad, broad shoulder. Stop that! Concentrate. “Serious about what?”

“You still have tapes?”

“Oh.” He chuckled, looking down at the copy of The Exorcist in his hand. “Yeah. I suppose I never got around to the whole DVD thing. I don’t watch much TV.”

She decided not to point out that society had largely moved past ‘the whole DVD thing’ and onto digital. Instead, while he sorted out the film, she wondered if Werewolves were immortal—since clinging to outdated technology seemed a logical symptom of the condition. Surely, if they were, her family would know?

But then, they didn’t exactly have a Big Book of Lore lying around. Their traditions were spoken, of course, which would have been fine if her great-grandparents hadn’t died unexpectedly before they’d finished passing everything on to their young. Since then, the Adofos had been scrabbling for more knowledge and relying strongly on a huntress’s natural instincts.

See, this was why she’d strapped these silver chains around her upper thighs. If she could tie him up and torture him into spilling info, she’d be doing the whole family a service—along with society in general, since more knowledge meant faster kills and fewer Werewolf victims.

Tape inserted, Luke sat down beside her again, the TV remote in his hand. He’d been careful, before, not to sit too close—which she’d noticed, been surprised by, and tried not to think about. Now he sat a little nearer than before, and his thigh brushed her knee as he moved. It felt as if she’d been struck by lightning. It felt as if she’d been swept out to sea. It was just the barest touch, not even skin on skin, and she couldn’t fucking breathe.

The air grew slow and heavy. She looked up and found him staring. Chastity was relatively tall and solidly built, but something about him in that moment—the way every muscle in his big body seemed primed and ready to spring, the intensity of his sheer focus—made him seem huge and her feel small.

The worst part was, she liked it. She felt as if he were magnetic and she were just a helpless pin. She felt as if he were a man and she weren’t an Adofo, as if this were a date and it was going very, very well. She felt as if her heartbeat had relocated between her thighs, as if her skin were on fire and her head in the clouds.

This would not do.

Her meek and mild routine had been wearing thin anyway—she wasn’t the best actress—but she abandoned it completely in her desperation to snap this powerful, invisible cord between them. In her panic, it was either that, or snap his bloody neck. “What?!” she demanded, as if she didn’t know. As if she didn’t feel the surge of attraction between them, just like he did.

At her question, Luke froze, then shook his head slightly as if he’d been dragged out of a trance. Maybe it was the coming full moon, amping up his bloodlust. Maybe, while her pussy grew wetter with every breath, he’d been slowly succumbing to the urge to rip out her throat. And why the hell was she still horny even after that thought?

“Nothing,” he said, his voice hoarse. But he was still staring at her as if she were a meal. “It’s just… you smell really fucking good.”

“Thank you?” she squeaked. She was not usually a squeaker, but she couldn’t seem to find her typically firm tones.

Luke frowned, his eyes sliding shut, his solid chest rising as he took a deep breath. Then he said, his voice so rough it was almost a growl, “I mean, really good. Chas, I know you’re kind of… shy—”

She tried not to snort.

“—but you don’t need to be shy with me.” He opened his eyes and watched her with an urgency that almost, almost swept her away. “If you want something—anything—you should just tell me. I’ll give it to you.”

She stared, her mind a maelstrom of conflicting emotions. When he leaned closer, the sheer heat of him practically melted her, his proximity setting her nerves alight even though they weren’t actually touching. But they could be touching, her mind whispered. The voice of reason argued that he was a literal monster, but Chastity’s sex was slick and desperate now, her breathing rapid, a current of pure lust drowning all rational thought.

“I mean it,” he whispered, the words stroking over her skin. “Look at me. I mean it.”

She did look at him, as if hypnotised. For the first time she forgot about the slight glow of his eyes and what it meant, ignored the fact that they shouldn’t be so vivid. Maybe it was unnatural, but so was creme brûlée, technically, and she loved creme brûlée. The deep green of his irises, the copper-gold that fractured the emerald—she could get lost in them. And in everything she saw there: his hunger, his need, his strange, unbelievable softness.

His lust.

Lust. The thought smacked her so hard, she got whiplash: if Weres, as Ma always taught, could scent fear…

Was this motherfucker smelling her goddamn arousal?

Chastity stiffened, her mind lurching out of desire-induced languor and kicking into high gear. He wasn’t coming on to her; he was taking advantage of her weakness. Beguiling her. After all, that made far more sense than a genuine attraction between them—and she’d almost fallen for it. Jesus, she was ridiculous. Did Weres even have sex?

Her gaze dropped without permission to Luke’s lap, where it became breathtakingly apparent that regardless of what other Werewolves did, this one had sex. Or wanted to, at least. With her. Right now.

Okay, maybe he wasn’t entrapping her. But she, Chas suddenly realised, could entrap him. She could fuck him, lure him into the ultimate sense of security, then tie him up and stick a silver bullet up his arse. Fantastic.

It wasn’t the kind of thing she’d usually do—the probability of success was too low—but she felt strangely compelled to. Her sisters were always talking about the huntress’s powerful instincts. Well, she was officially on the hunt, which made her a huntress. And her instincts were telling her to rip this sexy fucker’s clothes off, sit on his dick, and then carve out his heart. Or something. She was hazy on the details.

“Chastity?” he murmured, as if checking up on her. His gaze searched her face, and she wondered why he was being so… careful. He was a monster, and he clearly wanted her, but he seemed to be waiting for an actual Yes. Which was surprising, to say the least.

He must have a long-term plan that requires you to think he’s an okay guy. He’s playing with you. Somehow.

Well, let him. Chastity Adofo played to win.





3





The Change





It had been hard, trying to set Chastity at ease while his lungs were flooded with sex-edged oxygen, the scent of her wet cunt drowning him. Harder still as the night went on, as her gaze caught his every so often and her breath hitched, as the scent of her arousal flared while that prim and proper expression remained on her face. At this point, Luke was clinging to control by a claw, nothing but raw determination keeping his wildest instinct at bay.

So, when Chas reached out and caught both his hands in hers, he almost lost it.

Restraint. Restraint. Restraint.

Her palms were velvety, with callouses whose texture teased his own. Working hands. His beast was a fan. And he was a fan of the hot, hard look in her eyes, and of the way she pinned his hands to the back of the sofa, her grip firm and unyielding.

“Keep these to yourself,” she said, in a tone that stiffened his spine and his cock. She was his fucking woman, alright. So controlled and so controlling that he just had to push.

“Why?” he asked, though he had no intention of disobeying. “Are you about to do something that’ll make me want to touch you?”

“You already want to touch me,” she said, a smile playing about her lips. It was one he’d never seen before, sharp and confident.

“True,” he admitted. “But if this is where you want me, sweetheart, this is where I’ll stay. For now.”

“For now,” she smiled. And then, without warning—he really could’ve done with a warning—she moved to straddle his thighs. Luke’s heart almost gave out. Sheer arousal ripped a true growl from his chest before he got himself under control. He froze, studying her face, hoping he hadn’t scared her—but she showed no concern, or even surprise, at the inhuman sound he’d just produced. Judging by the heavy, drugging scent of her wetness, she might be too turned-on to notice. He could understand that; he felt a little slow himself, right now.

As she moved, her fancy skirt lifted an inch or two, and for a second he caught a glimpse of something shiny on her thigh—but he didn’t stop to think about it. Why would he, when he’d just caught sight of soft, dimpled flesh and secret, dark spaces, of skin, skin and more fucking skin? Luke’s head fell back against the sofa as he arched up, into her, his aching cock in desperate need of pressure. What he didn’t expect was for her to meet him, to rock against him, to cradle his denim-covered erection between her lush thighs.

“Chastity,” he rasped out, his eyes searching hers. “Are you—?”

She cut him off with a kiss.

Ah, fuck. His brain burned out in the blink of an eye, coherent thought suddenly impossible. Stars exploded against the darkness of his mind, flames of need and pleasure and uncontrollable hunger ripping through his body until he was nothing but sensation. The feel of her, moving boldly against him; the scent of her, hotter and wetter by the second; the harsh little sounds she made as she rubbed herself on his cock, like she was too desperate to control herself; every part undid him. But most of all, he was destroyed by the taste of her. Addicted.

She swept her tongue into his mouth, slow and easy, and pleasure shimmered over his skin. She was rich and real and right, and he remembered some long-forgotten fragment of knowledge, something he’d heard: that human mates felt the bond more intensely once bodily fluids had been exchanged. He’d never learned if that was true. He really fucking hoped it was. Because for him to want her, to need her this badly, while she was still able to walk away from him? That would be hell.

She pulled his lower lip into her mouth and sucked, each slow, wet tug sending arrows of desire through his body. His hips jerked in time to that languid rhythm, until she fucked him up completely by sinking her teeth into his flesh. He growled into her mouth and she laughed, actually laughed, the wild sound feeding his hunger. Something about it snapped the tenuous bonds of his restraint, and for the first time, he kissed her back.

He took her mouth the way he’d always wanted to, since the first morning he’d walked into that café with her scent hidden in his pocket and laid eyes on her and known. His tongue teased at hers, tasted the sensitive seams of her mouth, drank down every gasp and moan. The kiss grew desperate, forceful, both of them straining together, but he didn’t move his hands, even though her hold had slackened.

Then she released him completely, her fingers sliding over his shoulders. A second later they knotted in the fabric of his T-shirt; in the next breath, they were sinking into his hair. It was as if she didn’t know where to touch first.

When she slipped her hands under his shirt to stroke bare skin, to touch him with blatant fascination, he thought, Fuck it. He put a hand, just one, on her shoulder, over the coat she still wore. She didn’t seem to mind; in fact, she deepened the kiss, rocking harder against him.

So he slid his palm down her back, and a moan spilled from her lips into his. That sound, sweet and soft and ravenous, scattered whatever scraps of control he’d maintained. He grasped her hips with needy hands and groaned at the feel of her, at the softness and the strength. When her roaming fingers found his nipples, her nails grazing the sensitive flesh, he was thrust into a truly mindless lust. He hiked up her skirt and put his hand on her thigh—

And hissed as shock and pain carved through his need. Feral instinct had him shoving her away, but she was his mate, so he dropped her onto the sofa instead of throwing her across the room. His palm burning, his mind fuzzy with confusion and enduring lust, Luke felt his beast push through. Felt his fangs extend, his bones beginning to crunch and twist and shift. Restraint. But his control was shot. Voice a ragged mess, he snarled, “What the fuck is that?”

Chastity looked up at him through the curls that had fallen over her eyes. He knew that he looked terrifying right now, halfway to the monstrous form that made him Were, but alarm only flickered across her features for a second before it was replaced by… triumph?

And then she said, “Silver,” and launched herself at him.

He was stronger than her, but he was also absolutely fucking astonished, so when she thudded into his chest, he fell. They landed on the coffee table—or rather, smashed right through it, their weight destroying the wood. She didn’t appear to notice the carnage, though; instead, she straddled his chest with powerful thighs and produced a dagger from God only knew where, a dagger that glinted silver in the light. He caught her wrist in a punishing grip just as she swung it towards his throat. Whip-fast, she tossed the blade to her other hand and aimed for his heart with enough force to carve through a man’s breastbone.

She managed to sink the dagger an inch or two into his chest, which hurt like a motherfucker—goddamn bloody silver—but wasn’t nearly enough to hit his heart. The shock of pain had his beast snarling and his scrambled thoughts regrouping, cold agony piecing together his lost discipline. Grabbing her other wrist, Luke arched a brow and asked, “You done?”

“Nope,” she clipped out, and head-butted him. In the nose. For fuck’s sake, that hurt.

He let her go, mostly because he was worried she’d just concussed herself on his face. “Chastity. Are you okay?”

She blinked rapidly, scowled, “Shut up,” then jumped to her feet in a rather impressive display of athleticism. Between the way she’d kissed him and the silver currently embedded in his chest, he was beginning to think that Chastity’s shyness wasn’t as straightforward as he’d assumed. Regardless, she was still funny, hot as hell, and great at making coffee. Altogether, he was pleased with fate’s choice of mate for him.

He was admiring her calves and considering her excellent takedown technique when she demanded, “Is your dick still hard right now? Seriously?!”

Since the answer was quite obvious, he didn’t bother to confirm. Instead, he asked, “Are you trying to kill me?”

She responded by stamping on his head.

He coughed, grimaced, regrouped. “I’ll take that as a yes. Are you a huntress?”

“Why the fuck won’t you die?” She gave an adorable little growl of frustration, lifted her skirt—more of that, please—fiddled around in the shadows for a moment, then threw something at him. A fine chain of silver landed right over his throat, which dragged a ragged howl of pain from him. And then, without warning, he shifted, completely and involuntarily.

As a Werewolf, he didn’t turn into an actual wolf or anything so fanciful as that. He turned into what he was: a monstrous bipedal beast. His vocal chords were mostly useless now, so he’d have to question her later, but on the plus-side, the transformation made him even stronger. Strong enough to drag the silver off of his throat with one mammoth claw, burning off a strip of his own skin as he did so.

Above him, Chastity wrinkled her nose. “Gross.”

Charming. Absolutely charming. She covered him in silver, then complained at the smell of a little burning flesh. Even now, she was pulling more of those damn chains off her body, which was an… interesting sight, since she appeared to have it stashed up her skirt. He caught a flash of thigh one moment, the glimpse of a dark and enticing V the next. His cock was harder than a fucking hammer, and he couldn’t even do anything about it.

She threw more silver over him, and Luke remembered that he was supposed to be fighting for his life, or whatever. But she was just one tiny little huntress. He had time to ogle her for a bit. And tease her. Perhaps he could make her smile? He did love making her smile.

Then she whipped out a pistol, and it occurred to him that she probably had silver bullets. Sigh. Time to concentrate.

Gritting his teeth against the pain of all that silver, forcing his sluggish, slowly-poisoned body to move, he kicked her feet out from under her—gently. She landed well, which was a relief, and dropped her pistol, which was also a relief. Luke shook off the rest of the chains and threw himself on top of her.

She looked up into the fanged depths of his gaping jaws and smiled. “I,” she purred, “am going to enjoy killing you.” Then she smacked the hilt of the dagger embedded in his chest, shoving it an inch closer to her target.

Christ, she wasn’t shy at all, was she? The hesitation, the demure smiles and lowered lashes—it had all been a trap. She wasn’t sweet or gentle or biddable. She was a bloodthirsty fucking murderer.

His heart sang.





Weres should be easier to kill.

Chastity had heard enough debriefings between her sisters and Ma to realise that. Werewolves should be senseless creatures driven out of their minds by bloodlust, not apparently sentient beings who were able to make blatantly calculated decisions.

This. Was. Not. Right.

The beast above her gave an odd, drawn-out snarl that almost sounded like a word. Then it repeated itself, again and again, and she realised that the snarl was a word. It sounded kind of like…

Well. Kind of like, “Why?”

She almost laughed. Who’d have thought a Werewolf would want to chat? They seemed more like the ‘rip out throats now, ask questions later’ type.

Like you?

She shoved that suddenly uncomfortable thought away and decided to answer the monster. “It’s my duty to humanity,” she said, honestly enough. “Plus, I want to give your heart to my mother.”

The Were gave an odd snort that almost sounded sarcastic. But Werewolves didn’t have a sense of humour—or sense, full stop—so she must be imagining things.

Luke has a sense of humour.

Her thoughts were out of control tonight. She needed to meditate more. Now wasn’t exactly the time, though, so she settled on violence as a distraction instead. Forcing lax muscles into action in a split second, she bucked and caught the creature by surprise. For a moment, her strength threatened to tip the balance; she almost dragged her wrists free of its clawed grip while her body dislodged its weight. But then the Were shifted, almost lazily, and secured her in its hold once more. Well, shit.

Chastity tried not to panic as she took quiet stock of her situation, but it was pretty fucking difficult, all things considered. For one thing, she was quite sure that she had a mild concussion and bruised ribs, despite her sneaking suspicion that Luke—no, not Luke, the monster—was going easy on her.

And that was another problem. Why the fuck would he—it!—be going easy on her? She didn’t know. A game, maybe? It was weird, but not as weird as the shit going on inside her head right now. She was suffocating beneath this overwhelming sense of wrongness, every bone in her body screeching at her so loud, it was all she could do not to wince. It was as if something deep in her chest, something beyond reason and logical thought, was demanding that she not do this.

But that didn’t make any fucking sense, and the strangeness of it all was starting to piss her off, and she really couldn’t think straight right now. Not while she was prone beneath a monster so huge, its weight almost took her breath away.

Its humanoid hands with their dangerous claws sent a chill down her spine. Its fangs were inches from her face, razor-sharp and longer than the dagger in its chest. Above the horror of its twisted muzzle were two familiar, grass-green eyes. Except they didn’t remind her of grass anymore. Right now, they were more like venom.

She was really up shit’s creek here, wasn’t she? Without a fucking paddle.

Desperate, she arched into its sleekly muscled, fur-covered chest, trying to shove the dagger deeper with her own body. It twisted out of the way with a snarl, then shifted their positions with a disturbing economy of movement. All of a sudden, she was on her side and the creature was behind her, her hands held above her head, her legs caught between what would, on a man, be powerful thighs. She wasn’t entirely sure what to call that part of a Werewolf’s anatomy, though, because it didn’t look like a human or a wolf.

Just a monster.

And yet, every time her mind searched for ways to kill it, even now, her instincts screamed out in protest. Why?

The question was swept away by the shock of the beast transforming behind her. Watching Luke become a monster, bit by bit, had been fascinating. Now, she presumed she was feeling the opposite process; she heard the crunch, crack and sickening slide of body parts rearranging, felt him change in a way that should have been impossible.

For some reason, she wasn’t appropriately horrified so much as intrigued. Chastity found herself wondering what the reverse transformation looked like, what it all felt like, how a Werewolf form worked—and by the time it occurred to her fuzzy brain that she should use the vulnerable period of the shift to attack, he was done. The body caging hers was all man, and, as far as she could tell, mostly naked.

His clothes, apparently, weren’t equipped to deal with changes of mass and shape that should be impossible. Made sense. She could feel scraps of denim and fabric pressed against her, but mostly it was all bare skin, crisp body hair, and hard muscle.

Could you stop taking inventory of the thing’s body and start figuring out how to survive this? Thanks, Management.

“Sweetheart,” he growled into her ear, his breath against her skin making her shiver. “You need to get this knife out of my chest.”

She didn’t hide her derisive snort. “I don’t fucking think so.”

“You don’t want to kill me, Chastity. Trust me on that. It’ll send your life rapidly downhill.”

He was talking utter shit. For some reason, his words reminded her of the goddamn witch whose prophecy had stolen her birthright away. It was rubbish. It was all rubbish. Except… Adofo women were trained to trust their instincts, and Chastity’s instincts were telling her quite clearly that she must not slaughter this particular beast.

Dammit.

“Chastity,” he said, “I’m serious. Silver this close to my heart—it’s poisoning me.” And his voice really did sound fainter, less vital. His weight against her was less a restraining force, more a dead cage. As if he were simply lying on her rather than holding her down. He was weaker—and he was telling her so.

She kept her mouth shut while she grappled with the implications of that fact. At least, until he shifted against her and something thick and rigid and horribly inappropriate brushed against her lower back.

“Do you still have an erection right now?” she snapped.

“Not the best use of my energy,” he muttered, “I agree.”

“Then why the hell are you hard?”

“Same reason you’re still wet. Don’t throw stones, love.”

Chastity stiffened, considered denying the charge, then decided not to waste her breath on an obvious lie. She had no idea what was going on with her body right now, or why she’d lost her mind in his arms twenty minutes ago. Sure, she liked a good shag, but the act didn’t usually spring to mind during life or death situations.

Then again, she realised, he didn’t seem that big on killing her. He’d had her pinned for a while now, after all. He could’ve ripped her throat out with those damned claws. Why hadn’t he?

“Take it out, Chas,” he wheezed, his voice interrupting her thoughts. “I can’t do it myself.” Because the dagger’s handle was silver too.

Something in her crumbled. Sure, in theory, she’d love to be a cold-hearted murderess, but in reality he was a man who’d only ever been nice to her and he was fucking dying on his own living room floor. Maybe tomorrow night he’d turn again and run around the city merrily decapitating innocents, but right now he was just Luke, and she couldn’t lie there and listen to his life end.

She was undoubtedly weak. She decided not to tell her sisters about this.

With a sigh, Chastity shoved his body away, wincing as he landed fully on the floor with a thud. Then she sat up and looked at him. He was pale, his features drawn, those unnatural eyes almost dull—but, she noticed irritably, she hadn’t managed to break his nose. Hadn’t even bruised it. He had a slight black eye, a gash where she’d stamped on him, and burns everywhere the silver had hit. No other injuries.

Well; except for the big fucking knife in his chest.

For some reason, the sight of him even slightly injured made her feel… odd. His pallor, the laborious sound of his breathing, squeezed something tender in her chest. She actually felt tears, hot and completely unwanted, pricking at her eyelids. Ugh. The urge to sob out loud was suddenly, inexplicably overwhelming, so she grabbed the hilt of the dagger, gritted her teeth, and yanked it out of his chest as fast as possible. As soon as the silver left his flesh, that nagging desire to break down faded slightly. But not enough. Not enough.

Luke coughed horribly for a moment, then relaxed, his eyes closed.

Biting her lip, she said, “Hey.” He didn’t reply. Panic, senseless but no less potent for it, flared to life inside her. “Hey. Luke!”

He cracked open one gently glowing eye and said, rather grumpily, “What?”

She almost pissed herself through sheer relief. But she managed to keep her face straight and her voice flat as she asked, “You gonna die or what?”

“Not if you let me sleep,” he said gruffly, and closed his eyes again.

So, he was okay. Fantastic. She could leave now and think about the little wooden acorn in her pocket, the strange feelings that hummed deep in her bones, and what it meant that he hadn’t hurt her, not even a little bit. She could run all the way home.

Except she didn’t. Not for hours. Not until his colour returned, his breathing grew slow and even, and the hole she’d carved into his chest, stopped bleeding.

Not until she’d placed a glass of water and one of those red velvet cupcakes close enough for him to reach when he woke.





4





Monster of Mine





“Did you decorate the shortbread today, Chas? It’s cute.” Valour bit into the pumpkin-piped biscuit with a smile.

“Thanks,” Chastity mumbled, and tried not to think of the beautiful pumpkins she’d seen last night.

Or the man who’d carved them so skilfully.

But Valour ruined her efforts when he frowned at the clock and said, “Your guy hasn’t turned up all morning. Think something’s wrong?”

“Don’t care,” Chastity said, heaving a fresh bag of beans into the coffee grinder. For a long moment, the sound of tiny beans clattering against plastic and metal cut off all conversation. But then the bag was empty and the moment passed and Val was still fucking talking.

“He’s been coming in everyday for, what, a month? And always at the same time. I don’t know, Chas, I’m kind of worried.”

She bit her lip, hard, to stop herself from snapping. Valour, like all of the men in the Adofo family, was painfully kindhearted. He was a natural protector, even of strange, enormous men with strange eyes and dark secrets. Chastity knew full well that caring was painful, so she couldn’t just dismiss her brother’s worry.

She also couldn’t tell him that the repeat customer who flirted with her valiantly was actually a Werewolf, because that would involve confessing that she’d gone against family protocol to hunt alone, and against Ma’s wishes to hunt at all, in the hopes that she could prove herself. And then she’d have to admit that she was starting to have second thoughts about hunting this creature. That, aside from her mortifying attraction to him, she simply didn’t think he should die. That Valour wasn’t the only one worrying about him. That she was worried too.

No, she couldn’t tell her brother any of that, because he’d freak the fuck out.

Instead, she took a deep breath and said, “I’ll check on him.”

Val’s face lit up, not just with relief but razor-sharp interest. “And how will you do that?” he asked, a smug smile on his face.

“I have his number,” she lied. Luke hadn’t actually given her his phone number, but she’d also never seen him with a phone.

“I knew it!”

“Valour. Shut up or I won’t bother.”

“Shutting up.” Val’s grinned and wandered off to run stock checks. The minute his back was turned, Chastity shoved the breath she’d been holding out of her lungs and willed her tense muscles to relax.

It didn’t work.

It had been over twelve hours since she’d crept out of Luke’s cabin, and for some reason, she couldn’t stop thinking about him. It felt as if her heart was thudding hard against her ribs, burning up her chest in its urgent need to go to him.

She’d lied to her brother about checking on Luke, but as her shift drew to a close, Chastity realised she was actually going to do it. She had to. Because something inside her had been restless since the moment she’d left him behind, until she felt as if she were too nervous to settle inside her own skin, and it was only getting worse. If she didn’t see him with her own eyes—hear that low, laughing voice, sense his abnormal heat—she might never feel human again.

Then there was the fact that he felt human to her—and she didn’t mean the breathtaking feel of his chest under her palms, all warm skin, hard muscle and crisp hair. She had seen Luke every day for weeks, had listened to his hilarious attempts to crack her faux-shy shell, had slowly realised that he was actually rather sweet—in a twisted, predatory way. And then he had bought her red velvet cupcakes because he knew they were her favourite.

He was not a monster, despite his monstrous form. But what did that mean for the Adofos?

She dismissed her worries for now, focusing on the familiar rhythms and routines of the shop. When Val was joined by Justice, she breathed a sigh of relief. Her silent, unsmiling older brother was the perfect barrier between Chastity and the rest of the world. As long as Justice was there, running the show with an iron fist and cutting off Valour’s chit chat with quelling looks, she could freak out in peace. She could turn into a barista-bot, hands always busy and smile always pinned in place. She tried, too, tried really hard—and yet her mind continued to return to last night.

She couldn’t believe she’d kissed Luke. Why had the taste of him been ambrosia? Why had his arms felt like the safest place to drown? Why was she, even now, fighting off hot and breathless memories of his hands, his mouth, his hard cock pressing between her thighs?

Chastity dropped a mug. It shattered on the floor with a crash that quieted the shop.

After a heartbeat, the customers absorbed the sudden sound and went back to their conversations. Val gave her a reassuring wink and went to fetch a sweeping brush. But Justice…

When she bent to pick up the bigger shards of ceramic, Justice joined her. She felt the weight of his gaze, his curiosity, his knowing, even as she kept her eyes pinned to the floor. A second later, he took away her ability to ignore him.

“Something’s wrong with you.” He spoke firmly and in full sentences, which meant he wasn’t speaking as her brother. He was the family healer now.

Chastity looked up sharply. “Menstrual.”

He cocked his head. Which was Justice-speak for, Try again.

She bit back a sigh. This was the trouble with emotionally intelligent family members; they always wanted to check on your well-being, and other such inconveniences. “I’m worried about a friend,” she admitted, the words bittersweet. She didn’t want them to be true, but they were, and it felt right.

“What’s wrong with your friend?” Justice frowned, doctorly concern written all over his face. Because he knew Chastity well enough to realise that she’d only be driven to emote by grave situations.

“He’s been hurt.”

By me. “Last I saw, he was in bad shape, and I don’t know if he’s better yet.”

“You can’t call him?”

“No.”

“But you can see him.”

“Yes,” she said slowly, wondering where her brother was going with this.

“You should go, then.”

She blinked. “What? But—no, there’s still two hours left until closing. And then, you know, there’s actual closing—”

“I’ll close.”

“Justice,” she sighed. “I’m the manager.”

Her stony-faced brother actually rolled his eyes. “Honestly. Women. I’ve worked here all my life, Chas. If I could manage a PhD I can manage closing without your supervision. I’m not completely useless.”

Her cheeks heated as she rushed to say, “Of course you’re not useless, J! I didn’t mean—”

“I know you didn’t.” The corner of his mouth tilted slightly in his version of a smile. “Get out of here. Check on your friend.”

She swallowed the urge to claim that ‘friend’ might not, in fact, be the most accurate description. That things between them were… what? Romantic? What a ridiculous thought.

One fake-date arranged with the intention of murder, a single short but excellent make-out session, and a rather passionate fight to the death did not a relationship make. Luke might not be a monster emotionally, but he was still a literal creature of the night, and she should not be attracted to him, never mind attached. Had she totally missed his hideous fangs and deadly claws yesterday?

No. They were actually kind of hot.

It was official. Chastity was losing her grip. She should probably leave before anyone noticed.

“Thanks, Justice,” she said, leaping to her feet and ripping off her apron as she strode into the back. She passed a clearly baffled Valour with his sweeping brush and hurried to the cloakroom, grabbing her jacket. And then, before she could think better of this whole thing, or really question the twisted impulses driving her clearly malfunctioning heart, she left.

It was the day before Halloween, and autumn was in full, majestic effect. The air was crisp and cool, biting at her cheeks and lifting her dense curls. Chastity’s boots echoed against the concrete of the empty staff carpark as she huddled deeper into her jacket and started the walk to Luke’s.

If she were in her right mind, she’d go home and get a scarf and gloves first. Then again, if she were in her right mind, she wouldn’t be doing this at all. She wouldn’t be desperate to see him right now, wouldn’t be resisting the urge to bite her thumb nail and worry about the wound in his chest…

Wouldn’t imagine she could smell his wild, midnight heat on the harsh wind, or that she could feel the weight of his gaze on her back.

She stopped walking. Peered into the shadows between Cup o’Go and the next unit, some bougie wine seller. And then, feeling like an absolute ninny, her breath coming fast and her hopes inexplicably raised, she called, “Luke?”

When he sauntered out of the shadows she almost shit herself.

He leant back against the shop’s brick wall, hands in his pockets, and watched her with those goddamn eyes. “Hey, huntress,” he said.

Her response was automatic, maybe a touch defensive. “Not a huntress.”

“No? Well, you did a very good imitation of one last night.”

She ignored the little stab of hurt brought by the word imitation. This was a sensitive topic for her, and she knew it. So, instead of wallowing, she studied him from head to toe and decided that he looked… good. Great, in fact.

His skin was back to its usual amber shade, his movements as easy and powerful as ever. He looked strong—and more attractive than he should—in jeans and a leather jacket. So attractive that she felt her traitorous body responding again, just like it had last night. She should be terrified, or tense, at least, poised to defend herself from his near-certain thirst for revenge.

But she wasn’t scared at all. In fact, her brain seemed to be focusing heavily on the sharp bow of his upper lip, and how much she’d like to trace it with her finger. Or her tongue.

Oh, for fuck’s sake.

“What are you doing here?” she demanded, folding her arms across her chest.

He shrugged, and it was all she could do not to salivate over the breadth of his shoulders. “Obviously,” he said, “I’m stalking you.”

God, did he have to sound so matter-of-fact about it?

“Why?” she gritted out, horrified to find herself fighting a smile. She was not amused. She was irritated. No, she was worse than irritated; she was disgusted, horrified, and gripped by murderous rage. That’s what Chastity told herself, anyway. Maybe if she thought about those feelings hard enough, they’d replace the disturbing softness that had taken up residence in her chest.

“Why’d you leave work early?” he threw back.

She was glad he’d said that, because it gave her an excuse to stomp towards him combatively—which was a convenient way to obey her body’s need to be close to him. But as she stormed over with her hands fisted and her expression fierce, a cocky little smile tilted his lips, and she couldn’t shake the feeling that he knew.

He knew something was wrong with her. He knew she couldn’t stop thinking about him, couldn’t stop caring about him. Maybe he even knew why. Perhaps he had spelled her—not with last night’s cupcakes, since she hadn’t eaten one, but with that scent that seemed to follow him around. The one that was so fucking sweet, that made her hunger and thirst and want and need so badly…

“Hi,” he said softly, and Chastity realised that she was standing right in front of him. Too close. Not close enough.

“Hi,” she replied, then winced.

“What?” he asked immediately.

“I’ve never said anything so inane in my life.”

He arched one tawny brow. “Now greetings are inane? Being an Adofo doesn’t sound like much fun.”

“Don’t speak my name, monster,” she snapped, the words automatic. She regretted them a moment later.

But he only smiled wider. “Are you trying to piss me off? Because I should tell you, all that does is get me hard.”

“You’re depraved.” And yet, she liked it, her core tightening and her pussy growing slick at his coarse words. At his slight smile. At the sight of him.

“What I am,” he said slowly, “is yours.”

Those words sounded disturbingly like the truth, as if he’d just slotted some vital puzzle piece into place. So she ignored them.

“You should leave,” she murmured. “My sisters come here all the time, you know.”

“So?”

“So, they’ll kill you on sight.”

He smirked. “Worried about me?”

“Hardly. But I have questions for you, monster of mine. Can’t let them put you down just yet.” At least, that was what she’d tell the family, if they ever found out she was fraternising with a Were.

He cocked his head. “You wanted to put me down. But you’re not a huntress. And yet your sisters are. Why is that?”

She clamped her jaw shut against familiar discomfort. This was always a sensitive subject for her, but no-one knew that—no-one had the slightest idea about her insecurities—because she would rather die than let on. Only, right then, in front of him, all she wanted to do was burst into tears and confess everything.

Ick.

“Something wrong, sweetness?” he asked.

This was the part where she turned on her heel and walked away, or maybe where she stabbed him in the eye—except she didn’t have her dagger on her. Couldn’t bring herself to touch it, for some reason, after seeing it buried in his chest. She didn’t really want to hurt him. She wanted to learn him.

For research, of course. This odd fascination was down to her niggling suspicion that he might have a soul and therefore should not be brutally murdered. Nothing more.

“Let’s not talk about me,” she said finally. “Like I said, I have questions for you. Can we go back to your place?”

He gave her a considering look, mischief dancing over the sharp lines of his face. “Maybe I don’t want to be alone with you anymore. You did try to kill me, you know.”

“I know,” she said. “I’m starting to think that I may have been out of order, there.”

“Oh, shit, really? You know what? Me too.”

She rolled her eyes in the face of his sarcasm. “Get over it.”

“I can’t. It haunts me. I might be scarred for life. In fact, I don’t believe I can think straight around you. The fear is just too strong.”

“Fuck off, then,” she huffed, defensive even though she knew he was teasing. Knowing didn’t stop her from drowning in guilt. Call her naïve, but she really hadn’t expected hunting to be so emotionally fraught.

“Woah, woah,” he said, straightening up and taking her hand as she turned away. The sudden contact sent a shock of rightness through her veins, forced a little gasp from her lips and turned her blood molten. Suddenly, desire was dancing across her skin, whispering in her ear, all from the rasp of his palm over hers.

Ridiculous, she told herself.

Inevitable, insisted a strange voice in her mind.

“Don’t hurry off, now,” he murmured. “I think we can work something out.” He tugged her closer, and for some reason, she allowed it. Clearly, something about this beast was melting her brain. It was the only explanation. Because no sensible woman would let a Werewolf lead them into a darkened alley.

But that’s exactly what Chastity did.





When Luke had woken up that afternoon with a fucker of a headache and a trashed living room, his first thought hadn’t been to find and flirt with his mate. He’d intended to find and spank his mate for fucking up a perfectly good coffee table with her WWE shenanigans, and also to have a serious conversation with her about how loving couples shouldn’t stab each other.

But then he’d seen her—he could see her even now, as the alleyway they walked into sucked up the last of the evening light—and God, she was so beautiful. Her jaw was hard, her eyes were narrowed and suspicious, and her cheeks were soft and round enough to bite. Gently. So here he was, plotting seduction instead of communication. Ah, well. He was a horny motherfucker and he’d never claimed otherwise.

The shadows clung to them as they moved. The alley became a secret little world, distanced from the city’s evening traffic and rough winds, its darkness mirroring the midnight of his monster’s soul. He pushed her against one frigid brick wall and trapped her there with his own body, his arms resting above her head and his booted feet planted either side of hers.

When she bit her lip instead of kneeing him in the balls, he knew he had her.

This was going to be fun. Especially now that he could be his true self. His violent little sweetheart had more than proven she could cope.

“Do you feel guilty, Chas?” he asked, knowing that she did. Which was sweet, if unnecessary. She may have tried to kill him, but he was still alive, so he forgave her.

Despite the concern swirling in her dark eyes, she cocked her head at him and studied him as if he were a cockroach. Then, after a beat, she said, “Nope.”

He adored her.

“I enjoyed that cupcake you left me,” he said. “But I’m sure yours are better.”

She rolled her eyes. “You’ll never find out.”

“Of course I will. You’re going to make me some, as part of your heartfelt apology for stabbing me in the chest.”

She huffed. She puffed. But, to his everlasting shock, she finally muttered, “Fine.”

His brows flew up. “Fine? Really? So, she does have a heart.”

“Don’t push it,” his irritable mate ordered. “It wasn’t all me. I’m pretty sure you bruised my tailbone, you know.”

“I’ll kiss it better for you.”

She rolled her eyes, but he caught the slight twitch of her lips. Even as he delighted in the fact that they were having this teasing conversation, that she was relatively open and so whip-sharp and wonderful, he berated himself for hurting her. Maybe she could take it—in fact, she could definitely take it—but he didn’t want to do it. Even by accident. So, reaching through the dark to catch one of her curls between his fingers, he murmured, “No more fighting, Chas. Okay?”

She shrugged. “As long as you behave yourself, I won’t try to kill you.”

“Behave myself? Be specific, sweetheart. I think we might have different standards of behaviour.”

She huffed out a world-weary sigh. “I’d be happy to give you a bullet-pointed list, but first, I need to…” Her pause wasn’t like the feigned hesitations she’d used in the past; it was weighty, considering, so full of thought he could almost hear her mind moving. Finally, she finished, “I need to understand what you are. How good you’re capable of being.”

Ah. It had occurred to him, while he was fighting for his life last night, that unless Chastity had a questionable moral compass—which he wouldn’t necessarily mind—she must be a little… confused. Because Luke was 99.9% sure that he hadn’t done anything to justify being hunted, at least not in the past five years or so. Hopefully they’d clear everything up within the hour, go home soon after, and be physically incapable of achieving anymore orgasms by the time the sun rose tomorrow morning.

“I think we can strike a deal,” he said, his voice a little rougher than it should be in this form. But tomorrow was the full moon and the scent of his mate’s arousal surrounded him, so self-control might be too high an expectation. “You have questions for me?”

“I do,” she murmured, her steely voice a little more yielding than usual, her breath coming faster. He was trying not to react to that goddamn scent, trying to ignore the knowledge that she was wet right now, because he knew the unfulfilled bond between them was causing it. But then she ran her tongue over her lower lip, so… fucking… slowly. And he couldn’t resist. He bent his head and flicked his own tongue over the fluttering pulse at her throat, tasting warmth and excitement and her.

She hissed out a low, shaking breath, and the scent of her arousal flared like a well-fed flame burning brighter. “What are you going to do?” she asked, only half-teasing. “Rip my throat out?”

“I could no more rip out your throat,” he said honestly, “than rip out my own heart.”

To his surprise, she froze. Completely. For several, long seconds.

“Chastity?” he nudged softly.

She shook her head as if dislodging unwanted thoughts and said, “You want to strike a deal? State your terms.”

Always to the point, his delicate beloved. “I’ll answer a question,” he said, “for a kiss.”

“How very nefarious,” she muttered dryly.

“I’m a monster, aren’t I?”

“Yep.”

“You should slap me and run off into the light.”

“Oh, piss off. Slap you and break my bloody wrist, more like.”

“I can’t help it if my bones are particularly sturdy.”

“Why are they so sturdy, again?”

He grinned at her innocent tone. “A kiss, love.”

“Fine.” Before he could grasp what was happening, she darted up on her toes and pressed her lips to the corner of his mouth. Every fibre in his body seemed to shatter, to explode on impact, as if the slight, chaste brush of skin against skin were the most erotic thing he’d ever felt.

And then she was gone, pressing herself back against the wall as if she could sink into it, her lashes lowered. “There. Now answer the question.”

It took him a moment to find the wherewithal to speak, but he tried to sound unaffected. Luke had a feeling that with Chastity, the slightest slip of control might be taken as permission to ride roughshod.

Not that he’d mind her taking advantage of him, once in a while.

“That wasn’t a real kiss,” he said. “You missed my mouth.”

“It’s dark,” she scowled. “Except for those bloody eyes of yours.”

“Thanks to these eyes,” he said patiently, “I can see you just fine. So, we’ll do it again, and I’ll kiss you.”

“Nope. My kiss counts. You never said it had to be on the mouth.”

He smiled slowly, glad that the shadows hid his satisfaction. Ah, she had no idea what she’d just walked into. “Alright. Fair enough.” He enjoyed the expression on her face for a moment, adorably pleased, as if she’d just won a prize. “Like all healthy, cursed beasts beholden to the moon, I am physically stronger, faster and sturdier than the average human. Higher bone density, more powerful muscles, magic, blah blah blah. And I believe I have a stronger immune system.”

“Why do you think that?”

“I’ve never been sick,” he said. “Ever. And that was another question, Chastity. You owe me a kiss.”

She rolled her eyes. “You’re a pervert.”

“You know,” he said reasonably, “you could always reject my bargain. Or at least, you could if you weren’t determined to prove yourself useful to a family who has, for some reason, rejected your skills as a huntress. But since you are determined to do so, and since you also secretly want to kiss me, why don’t you be a good girl and let me take what I’m owed?”

She gaped at him like a particularly pissed-off fish. Then, finally, she spluttered, “Don’t psychoanalyse me, you prick.”

“How am I supposed to support you in overcoming your insecurities—”

“Call me insecure again and I will scoop out your eyeballs with a silver spoon.”

“—if I don’t put effort into understanding you? And Chas, we both know you’re never going to attack me again. I’d be open to play fighting, though. You’re very sexy when you’re trying to remove my vital organs.”

“What on earth are you blathering on about?” she demanded. But she didn’t sound as brashly confident as usual, or as disgusted and dismissive. She sounded, beneath the iron of her tone… unsure.

He didn’t like that, because he knew she must be uncomfortable. Chastity appreciated certainty, which meant that he appreciated certainty for her. That was what drove him to say, his words painfully blunt, “I want to mate you.”

There was a heavy pause. Then, finally, she said, “I wish I didn’t know what you meant by that, but…”

“Context clues?” he guessed helpfully.

“Context clues,” she agreed.

“How do you feel about it?”

“Horrified, obviously. I don’t believe you should be slaughtered—”

“So magnanimous,” he murmured.

“—but you’re still a Were and I’m still… almost a huntress. I don’t think I need to tell you that, whatever mating me entails, it’s never going to happen. Unless you force me.”

He ground his teeth together and breathed through his nose for a moment, her scent ironically comforting as he fought down nausea and fury in equal measure. Then, with his temper and his roiling stomach under control, he gritted out in his best imitation of calm, “I’m going to pretend you didn’t say that.”

“Um… Are you okay?”

“Do you care?” he snarled, the ragged thread of his control finally snapping.

“Yes,” she clipped out, her voice equally harsh. And then they both faltered, blinking at that unexpected response. There was a heavy pause as she swallowed, the sound loud in the silence. Distantly, he recognised the rumble of passing cars on the nearby street, the open-and-shut of a door somewhere close, a faint conversation across the block. But the evidence of a world beyond the secret space between them wasn’t enough to drag Luke out of this moment, this precious breath of time when her eyes met his without a shield of aggression, when her pretty lips parted not to attack him, but to drag down air.

When she was just as affected as he was, and unable to hide it.

His heart pounding, his beast growling hungrily for more, he leaned closer. “Chastity.”

“Mm?” she hummed, the sound unsteady.

“May I have my kiss, now?”

She took a deep breath, then gave a jerky nod.

“Say it,” he murmured.

Her voice was whisper-fine. “Yes.”

Luke paused for a moment, drinking down the heady aroma of her arousal. Once he was truly intoxicated by it, and by the scent beneath that was pure her and utterly divine, he moved. He bent slowly, oh so slowly, to her lips, until there was nothing but a gasp between them. Until, if he closed his eyes and concentrated hard enough, he might just feel the ghost of her mouth brushing his, though no real contact had been made.

A memory of last night returned; of the way she’d been, with her kiss hot and hard and her hands everywhere. He released a sigh of sheer satisfaction, even though he was far from satisfied, far from sated. His cock throbbed painfully in his jeans, every muscle in his body was taut and trembling, and his heart pounded out her name insistently.

Only when he couldn’t bear it any longer did he bring his lips gently, so gently, to her cheekbone. And when he finally touched her there, she sighed too. Hers was one of longing, so rich and thick he could taste it. He drowned in it as he dragged his mouth down, down, down, gently over her jaw, over her throat, to the fluttering pulse that was as vital as Chastity herself. And once he was there, he kissed harder, almost sucking at her throat but not quite.

She tipped her head back, arching into him, and the movement almost tore him apart. This was how it should be. He revelled in her whimpers of pleasure, and fought back a howl of triumph when her hands grasped at his shoulders, and knew white-hot, impossible bliss.

Maybe he shouldn’t have slid a questing hand down her body, over her ribs, her waist, the curve of her hip. But when he did, she moaned his name. His mate, finally, moaned his goddamn name. So, really, he couldn’t be blamed for losing his head, for unbuttoning her jeans so roughly that he might have ripped the denim a little bit. He hesitated, everything in him frozen on the precipice of pure heaven, until she wrapped a leg around him—opened for him—and pushed him over the edge.

It was pure instinct that drove him to thrust his hand past her waistband and under her knickers, cupping her bare pussy. For a moment all he could do was touch her and force himself to breathe, dragging down oxygen while razor-sharp lust tore through him. She was so soft and hot against his palm, her plump folds slightly parted for him, her wetness teasing the tip of his middle finger. Her sex was all lush and swollen, but that delicious slickness was a tiny, liquid secret.

Then, carefully, he pushed his finger inside her, every part of him alert to her reactions. It felt like sinking into molten desire, her slippery channel dragging him deeper while she panted quietly. “Fuck,” he muttered against her throat. “God, Chas, say you want me. Say it.”

She didn’t, of course. But she did release a sweet, needy little sound that was almost as good. When she rocked into him, he realised the heel of his hand was firm against her clit.

The fact that she was chasing her pleasure made him smile, even in the middle of the most all-consuming lust he’d ever felt. Thank fuck she knew what she was doing, at least, and what she wanted. He followed her lead, angling his hand so that she’d have a little more pressure, and she moaned and rolled her hips.

When his finger stroked the trembling softness inside her at the same time, she choked out, “Don’t stop. Please. Oh my God, please don’t stop.”

“I won’t. I can’t.” As if he could ever pull himself away from this. From her. His tongue lapped at the skin over her racing pulse as gave her what she needed. And, bit by bit, this iron-hard woman melted for him. When he felt her body tensing around him, he looked up just in time to watch her shatter. She was beautiful as she came, her brows drawn together, her lips parted as she gasped for breath. The sight of her was so fucking perfect, it actually shook him. For a moment, he was lost.

Then her arousal flooded against his palm, the sensation dragging him back to the real world. He spread the wetness over her folds, learning the feel of her, rubbing her swollen clit curiously.

Her eyes flying open, she grabbed his wrist and breathed, “Too much.”

Never enough. But he let her be, even though all he could think about was pulling out his cock and shoving into her heat while his fangs thrust into her flesh. About claiming her and marking her and giving her his soul.

Luke thanked the moon that he’d spent his youth struggling against his own temper. The steely restraint it had resulted in was serving him so very well.

Eventually, her breaths slowed, and the sated, languid quality of her body against his gave way to self-conscious stiffness. He decided to let go before she pushed him away. When he retreated, doing up her jeans again—he was nothing if not a gentleman—her hands actually clung to his shoulders for a moment.

Possessive joy sang through his blood at the tiny sign of indecision—but then she let go, her eyes shut and her brow furrowed. He watched as she raised a shaking hand to her throat, as her fingers traced the path his mouth had taken. Then, finally, she opened her eyes. Her voice was low and throaty and grave when she said, “That was not a kiss.”

“It wasn’t?” He ran a hand through his hair, told himself it was part of the innocent act—but in reality he just needed something to do with his hands that didn’t involve putting them all over her. Or licking them clean. If he tasted her right now, his cock might actually explode.

“You know it wasn’t,” she said. “It was…” She cleared her throat, and if he didn’t know any better, he’d have sworn she was embarrassed. But then she said, her voice sharp, “It was on my neck, for one thing.”

“Well, like you said, we never specified that it had to be on the mouth.”

He shouldn’t have been so smugly satisfied at her look of consternation, but he really couldn’t help himself. Of course, she slapped the satisfaction right out of him with her next words.

“Whatever it is you want from me, I can’t give it to you.” She sounded so cold, so hollow, and so damn certain. A second ago she’d been his. She had—she fucking had. But now she was miles away.

“Of course you can,” he said immediately, his voice firm. “All I want is you.”

Her gaze met his, indecision raging in the earthy depths. If she’d been born like him, she wouldn’t fight this. She’d know instinctively that they were right together, that this was a rare reward in a cursed life.

But she wasn’t like him. Her life wasn’t cursed at all. “I need your sunshine,” he admitted, his voice soft. “You don’t need my darkness. I know that. But I’ll give it to you anyway. I’ll give you everything I have.”

She dragged her teeth over her lower lip, a frown creasing her brow. And then she said, so low a human might not have heard, “The dark is just as lovely as the light.”

For a moment, a fine, diamond thread of feeling shimmered between them. For a moment, everything Luke wanted seemed within reach.

Then the moment passed, and Chas stiffened, seemed to shrink away from him. “This isn’t right,” she choked out, the words directed at the ground rather than him. “You’re a monster.”

“So?”

She looked up, gaping at him as if he were the most unreasonable person in the world. Then she spluttered, “Luke, you eat people.”

He snorted. “I resent that accusation, considering how hard I try not to eat people.”

“Are you telling me you’ve never eaten anyone?” she demanded.

“I’m telling you I’ve never eaten anyone who wasn’t asking for it.”

Her response was a strangled sort of shriek. He much preferred the soft little moans—but really, who was he kidding? He loved every sound she made.

“Relax,” he sighed, brushing off her wide-eyed alarm. “I’m a Werewolf. It’s not like it’s cannibalism.”

After a few soundless, and rather entertaining, flaps of her jaw, she let out a strangled noise that was wonderfully close to a snarl. Her frown was fierce, her lips pursed in clear disapproval, and yet he couldn’t forget what had hovered between them. Couldn’t forget the taste of her and the feel of her under his hands.

God, she was so sweet. Ferocious and sarcastic and beautifully stubborn, and he could only pray that one day she’d be as fascinated by him as he was by her.

“Forget about my wild youth,” he said, and took a moment to enjoy her squeak of frustration. “You asked another question, Chas. I want another kiss.”

“No,” she said quickly. “Not like that.”

“You didn’t like it?” His voice was light, but nervous tension had his hands curling into fists against the wall behind her, his claws piercing his skin. The pain was a welcome distraction from the aching swell of his cock.

“I…” Chastity pressed her lips together, hesitated, and she shocked the shit out of him. “Obviously, I did. It would be cowardly to pretend that you don’t… do something to me.”

The words dragged a smile onto his face, the animal inside him howling in triumph. “I do something to you? And what, exactly would that be?”

She glared. “You know what. For some reason, we appear to be attracted to each other.”

He put a hand to her face, cradled the precious curves and strong bones the way his instincts commanded. And she didn’t pull away. “Attraction,” he murmured, “is a very pale description of the thing I feel for you.”

She bit her lip. “It doesn’t matter. I don’t understand this, and I don’t understand you, so I don’t want to do it anymore.”

He smiled at the defiance in her tone, the low warning that said, and you can’t make me. As if he ever would. “Alright, love. No more kisses. Not until you ask me nicely, anyway.” He enjoyed her sarcastic little snort, wrapped himself up in it like a warm blanket. “Let’s go home, okay? And I’ll answer all your questions, Chastity. Now and forever. I’m yours.” His thumb grazed the lush swell of her lower lip. He felt her shiver and allowed himself a grin.

“Trying to convince me that you’re not a monster?” she asked darkly.

“No,” he murmured. “I would never lie to you, my love. But I am trying to convince you that a monster is just what you need.”





5





Rabid





Luke wasn’t sure how it happened, but during the walk home, he found himself led towards a shop. A shop that sold food. When he had a perfectly good forest full of rabbits in his backyard. It was an outrage.

“You claimed you wanted cupcakes.” They stood in front of a Sainsbury’s with paper bats strung up in the windows, arguing like an old mated couple. “Didn’t you mean it?” Chastity demanded.

“Yes,” he sighed, “I meant it. I just didn’t think you’d want to go shopping.”

She rolled her eyes. “Where do you think food comes from? The sky?”

“Well, I usually—”

“Never mind,” she said quickly. “You weren’t just humouring me, were you, when you asked? I mean, because you know I like to bake?”

“Would I do such a thing?”

“Maybe. You are evil,” she muttered. But he didn’t miss the hint of a question in her voice, the way her brow arched on that last word. Evil.

“I might be,” he allowed, “but so’s the Prime Minister.”

She pursed her lips, dropping all pretence now. “I meant that you hurt people.”

“Again, the Prime—”

“Luke! Be serious! Because eventually one of my many siblings is going to notice that you’re a Werewolf, and when they do, I need a solid argument as to why they shouldn’t slaughter you.”

He feigned exasperation, even as his heart swelled. She’d admitted her attraction; she’d hinted at feeling more; and now, his bloodthirsty little murderess was openly reluctant to end his existence. Progress!

“Who do I hurt?” he asked patiently.

She looked around as if searching for a line of victims. “I don’t know. Didn’t you mention eating someone, before?”

A trio of teenagers, dressed up as colourful characters he didn’t recognise—and who certainly didn’t seem scary—stared over in alarm. Luke bared his teeth at them and they jerked into movement, hurrying away.

“No-one who didn’t need to be eaten,” he said calmly, slinging an arm over Chastity’s shoulders. “Let’s go and buy… cupcake… stuff.”

She stiffened, refusing to move—and he certainly wasn’t going to drag her. “Who,” she gritted out, “did you eat?”

He sighed. “A few rapists. It was a long time ago. We all make mistakes, etcetera, etcetera. Okay?”

“Why did you have to eat them?” she demanded, though she didn’t exactly look horrified. And she wasn’t pushing him away, either.

“I didn’t eat them so much as enthusiastically kill them with my mouth. Subtle distinction. Can we talk about this later?”

To his everlasting shock, she muttered, “Fine.” She didn’t slide her arm around his waist, the way he wanted her to—but she did lean into him, almost imperceptibly. Then, with an eye roll that some might even call fond, she said, “I must have lost my marbles.”

“Why, sweetheart?” He pulled her into the store.

“Because I’m really going to take your word for it. For now.”

“I appreciate that. Trust is very important in a relationship.”

“We’re not in a relationship. You have an oven, right?”

“Trust is very important in a friendship, then. And yes, I do.”

She looked up at him sharply, suspicion all over her face. “Friendship.”

“Friends make friends cupcakes. We’re friends.”

She nodded slowly. “Alright.”

“Friends who want to be in each other’s pants forever and—”

“Okay, you lost me.” But she gave him a real smile, one that lit up his heart, and actually laughed. The sound was so beautiful, he almost passed out. Then she said, as if nothing had happened—as if the world hadn’t just shifted on its axis—“Oh, I bet you don’t have a muffin tray.”

“We’ll buy one,” he murmured, slightly dazed. “We’ll buy whatever you want.”





An hour later, Luke found himself stirring a huge bowl of chocolate mush that smelled almost as good as his mate. The lady in question was sitting on his kitchen counter, popping little paper cases into one of the multiple muffin trays he’d been persuaded to buy. He was beginning to think that glittering laugh of hers had been part of a nefarious plot.

“So,” she said, “you mentioned that you’re an artist.” She’d been asking a lot of questions this evening, none of them related to his apparent evilness. He’d rather enjoyed it.

“That’s right. The carvings, some sculptures, whatever.” He stirred harder. Apparently, his mate wanted minimum lumps in this batter. Therefore, he would eliminate all lumps.

“How’d that start?” The bright interest in her voice capturing his attention. He looked up to find her watching him with something close to fascination. Then she shoved a hand into her pocket and produced the acorn he’d given her yesterday, rolling it through her fingers.

He tried not to grin from ear to ear, but it was difficult to resist the urge when she’d been carrying that thing around all day. She must have taken the time to move it from last night’s jacket to today’s jeans. “Long story,” he said, finally.

She nodded slowly, staring at the acorn as if it held the secrets to the universe. Then she said, “I was so surprised when I saw those pumpkins. I thought… I mean… Luke, you have a soul, right?”

“I hope so. My mother would be pissed if I lost it.”

She huffed out a little laugh, but her expression was still pensive.

He took pity on her, and on his own curiosity. It had been fun, being with her—playing with her—and ignoring the questions between them. But they still needed to deal with this, not least because it would be far easier to mate her if she understood the basics of his existence. “Sweetheart, you and your family… You do know the difference between a Were and a rabid, don’t you?”

The look on her face was answer enough. A second later she confirmed her ignorance with a shake of the head and a hoarse, “What?”

Ah. “Well, that explains a lot.”

She scowled. “Oh, don’t be smug. We… A couple of generations back, we lost track of some knowledge, I suppose. It happens.”

“It does,” he agreed, even though he’d never heard of such a thing. Then again, Weres were solitary creatures, mates and limited offspring aside. A big family like hers wasn’t something he had experience with.

“So, what’s the difference?” she asked. “And keep stirring.”

“Fine.” He gave a put-upon sigh to hide the fact that he didn’t mind stirring at all, especially since she stared at his forearms while he did it. He liked his mate’s eyes on him, and, apparently, she liked arms.

Weird, but he’d go with it.

“Okay, so, Werewolves: cursed by the gods, or some shit—but really, who remembers? Forced to change during the full moon, although I can technically change whenever I want. Extremely vulnerable to silver.” He grimaced. “Please don’t ever poison me again, by the way. I threw up so much this morning. Now, where was I? Oh. Murderous urges, predatory instincts, enhanced senses, strength, speed—I think we covered that before. Also...” He speared her with a look. “We’re very good at finding the people who were made for us. And when we find them, we mate for life.”

She rolled her eyes and muttered, “Wow, Romeo,” but he saw her fighting a smile.

“So, that’s me. And then there are rabids. Being a Were is generally okay, except for the aforementioned murderous urges. Makes it difficult to hold on to your soul. That’s actually why I… Well, I think I mentioned struggling with my temper. And, you know, there were those guys I killed.”

“Yes,” she murmured wryly. “I recall.”

“Well, when I was in my early twenties, I went through a difficult phase. Had a lot of violent energy. Started challenging my mother—she’s more dominant than my dad, you see. It was like I couldn’t help myself. So she threw me out and told me to fix it, which I did—by hunting the city for unrepentant scum and dragging them home to play with. Helped for a while. Until it didn’t.”

He winced at the memory of his own disordered mind, his fractured control, his spiralling bloodlust. “I’m lucky I figured out a way to calm myself. My art, the creativity and the effort, it reminds me who I am. But if I hadn’t worked so hard, cultivated restraint… Well. When a Were gives into those urges, goes too far, loses their humanity—they go rabid. That’s the curse. And once you’re rabid, you start to degrade, from brain tissue to body to soul.”

She nodded slowly, and he searched her face for the inevitable horror—or, at the very least, judgement. But he found none. Her gaze was sharp as ever, and yet when she spoke, it was to ask, “You okay now?”

Something about her voice, how it seemed more worried than suspicious, lit up his heart. “I’m just fine, sweetheart. I dealt with my issues a decade ago.”

The ghost of a smile flashed over her face, so fast he almost missed it. Then, like a student recapping a lesson, she said, “So, what you’re telling me is… There are two kinds of Werewolves, and you’re currently the not-so-evil kind. Which is why you aren’t sociopathic in human form and completely unable to control yourself otherwise, and led by bloodlust and addicted to human flesh and—”

“Yes,” he cut in.

“Well.” She glared at him as if he’d just ripped off his skin to reveal that he’d been a micropig all along. “You could’ve said something.”

“Chastity… You stabbed me. In the chest.”

“Which would’ve been the perfect time to say something.”

“Forgive me for being somewhat distracted,” he snorted. “I think this is done, by the way.”

She ignored him, didn’t even look at the smooth chocolate mush he presented her with. Instead, she sank a hand into her mass of curls and frowned down at the kitchen floor. “This is… a lot.”

The slight tremor in her voice and the slump of her shoulders twisted his heart. “I know,” he said, walking over to stand in front of her. He put the bowl on the counter and found himself sliding between her thighs without a second thought—without even a dirty thought, he was so focused on easing her sudden hopelessness. “Just give it time. Let yourself adjust.”

She looked up, her dark eyes glittering like diamonds. “Luke. I tried to kill you.”

“I know. I was there.”

She shot him a glare that suited her face far better than sadness. But then the glare faded, and she was lost again. “I tried to kill you,” she repeated, “and you’re a person.”

“Yep.”

She winced. “I’m a murderer.”

“No, sweetheart. You’re an attempted murderer.”

She ignored him. “And what about all the Weres my family’s been killing? What if they’ve been slaughtering people like you, and they didn’t even know it?”

“If it’s any consolation,” he said, “99% of Werewolves are raging arseholes anyway.”

“That is not a consolation,” she gritted out.

“Sorry. I’m not good with morals.”

“Apparently, neither are we,” she muttered, and covered her face with both hands.

He sighed, reaching for one of her wrists. He should’ve been used to it now, the sudden shock of his world sliding perfectly into place whenever they touched, but it still stole his breath for a moment. Hers too, if the way her pulse raced under his fingers was any indication.

“It’s unlikely that your family has ever killed someone like me. We don’t garner attention because we don’t run around eating people. Much. I’ve been living in this town for years and you guys only figured out my existence a month ago.”

She nodded slowly, meeting his eyes, finally looking a little more like his Chastity. “Right. Okay.”

“Come here.” He wrapped his arms around her and she actually allowed it, her head falling onto his shoulder, her hands settling hesitantly at his waist. He ran a slow, easy hand over her back, feeling her breathing calm and her body relax. It was interesting to discover that his vicious mate also cared about the lives of almost-innocents—but that instinct, he supposed, was probably what made her and her people hunters rather than serial killers.

When she was completely calm, he spoke again. “The important thing is that you know now, and you can tell your family, and be sure that it’ll never happen. Okay?”

“Okay,” she repeated, her voice back to normal now, strong and shining bright.

“Plus,” he added, “your mother might like me more if you tell her what a useful source of information I am.”

She pulled away from him with a snort, and though the loss felt physically painful, it was worth it to see the smile in her eyes. “You,” she said sternly, “are never meeting my mother.”

“Sure, I am. And you’ll meet mine.”

“Do I want to?” she muttered wryly.

“Oh, she doesn’t bite. She’s really mellowed in her old age.” Luke bit back a smile at the thought of his Mum’s flinty gaze meeting Chastity’s dark glare. Both women were formidable, to say the least. He had a feeling they’d get along wonderfully, after they got over their initial suspicion of each other.

Dad, of course, would adore Chastity. Like Luke, he enjoyed violently straight-forward women.

“Your mother is a Were,” Chas said, “isn’t she?”

“Oh, yeah. So’s my Dad. It’s why I’m terrible with human socialisation.”

She made a cute little noise that might actually be a laugh. “Whatever. Maybe I’ll meet your parents—for research purposes only.” His beast howled in triumph at the curiosity beneath her iron-hard tone. His mate wanted to meet his family, whether she admitted it or not. Good. Family was important to them both, he thought, but they were both solitary creatures in spite of those bonds.

Now they would be solitary together.

Then she ruined his little high by adding, “But you’re still not getting within fifty feet of Ma.”

Luke rolled his eyes. “You know, I’m pretty sure I already met her last month when she tried to kill me. That was her, right? And all your sisters?”

Chas gave a noncommittal grunt.

“Don’t worry. I officially issue blanket forgiveness towards every Adofo woman who’s ever plotted to end my life. Which I’m quite sure is all of you. That’s okay. I don’t judge.”

Luke was getting used to his mate’s unpredictability, so he wasn’t sure if she’d laugh at that or kick him in the balls. She did neither. Instead, with a sharp little smile on her face, her movements impressively fast, she grabbed the bowl of cake batter beside her and poured it over his head.





Her Were could be rather infuriating, but Chas would give him this: he looked damn good covered in chocolate.

She pushed away the residual sparkle of sensation dancing across her skin, leftover from the feel of his hands on her. She ignored the fact that every time they touched, she came alive; ignored the fact that he comforted her more easily and more completely than anyone ever had; ignored the fact that her trust in him was a living, breathing part of her, one that had grown far too quickly.

She ignored everything that was unsettling, confusing, and softening her, and laughed her arse off at the look on his face instead.

Luke’s astonishment lasted a bare few seconds before he looked down at himself with a slow grin of disbelief. There was cake batter plastered in his hair, dribbling slowly down his face, staining his white T-shirt. He rubbed a hand over his cheek, stared at the stripe of chocolate goo on his palm, then licked it.

Oh, fuck. The man should be banned from licking things in front of her. She was so distracted by the leisurely stripe of his tongue, so busy hoping he wouldn’t notice the flare of her arousal, that she almost missed the gleam in his eyes. With preternatural speed, he snatched the mixing bowl from her hands and held it up—

“Not the hair!” she shrieked, throwing up her hands. The last thing she expected was for him to actually listen. He changed course at the last second and threw the rest of the batter directly at her chest.

Chas gave a strangled cry at the sudden influx of cold wetness, some landing on bare skin, some soaking through the fabric of her clothes. She slapped her hands over herself protectively—if a little too late—then realised that she’d essentially just grabbed her own tits.

“Stop laughing!” she demanded, her cheeks burning.

Luke, of course, ignored her. In fact, he laughed harder, until she worried he might actually fall over—and then she was laughing too, her stomach cramping and her breath coming in desperate, joy-tinged gasps. She clutched at his shoulders and he wrapped an arm around her, and somehow their foreheads bumped together as they finally calmed down.

Then, all at once, they were just Chas and Luke, eye to eye, far closer than she’d ever intended. It was like the alleyway all over again, but different, because every second she spent with him seemed to change something inside her, seemed to build her need for him higher. He slid a hand beneath her hair to cup the back of her neck, as if he were afraid she might pull away.

She wouldn’t. She couldn’t.

She could feel the cake batter on his forehead smearing onto hers. She could also feel his every breath, light and cool, against her lips. If she moved forward an inch or two, they’d be kissing. Not that she wanted to kiss him.

Oh, for Christ’s sake, of course she wanted to kiss him. So much that pretending otherwise, especially to herself, was just ridiculous.

But she still couldn’t bring herself to move. Not with those glowing green eyes, ones that seemed so warm and enchanting now, holding her hostage. So, it was a blessing, really, when he kissed her instead.

His mouth was whisper-soft over hers, a teasing glide that made her desire swell, that filled her with desperate longing. She tensed every muscle in her body just to stop herself from crying out, from moving forward to deepen the kiss. She wanted heat, immediacy, the kind of frantic passion that made her truly mindless—but he gave her a slow sensuality that made her feel unavoidably present.

His fingers slid into her hair and tightened, holding her still. His other hand settled heavily at her waist, dared her to ask for more, to demand the grasping, greedy touches she wanted, to push him towards her aching breasts or her wet and swollen sex. She refused to do either, no matter how much her body wept for it. She refused to give in.

His lips eased hers open like the sun eases open a bloom, slow and easy and right. When his tongue finally slid over the seam of her lower lip, she was shaking. He licked at her mouth as if she were the sweetest thing he’d ever tasted, and Chastity’s hands slid under his shirt without permission from her brain. The feel of his hot skin and hard body only made the wanting worse, because it was him. It was undeniably him. And he, she realised, was everything she wanted.

He was still standing between her legs, so it wasn’t hard to pull him closer, to slot him into the apex of her thighs like a puzzle piece. He moved with a hungry growl, his grip on her waist tightening, their bodies pressed together until she could almost feel his heartbeat in her bones. And still it wasn’t close enough, even with her hands roaming the planes of his back and his fingers making little indents in the softness of her middle. Even with his tongue gliding intimately over hers and his low growls of pleasure rolling right down her throat.

It was instinct that drove her to take more, to demand more. And an Adofo woman always listened to her instincts. Chastity broke the kiss, pulled back just enough to drag his T-shirt over his head. As soon as he understood her silent, jerking movements, Luke tore the fabric off himself, and then he grabbed her T-shirt and got rid of that too.

There was a look on his face, as he stripped them both above the waist, a look she’d never seen before—not when he’d been uncertain, trying to befriend her at the café, and not when he’d been cocky and comfortable and eternally teasing. Now, his jaw was a hard line, his mouth firm, his eyes narrowed. He looked fierce in his concentration, in his determination. Or at least, he did until he unhooked her bra, pulled it away, and laid eyes on her chest.

Then he looked utterly undone.

“Chas,” he murmured, his voice raw gravel. “You…”

His slack expression, not to mention the hardness nudging between her thighs, brought a smile of satisfaction to her face. “I…?”

He took a deep, shaking breath, closed his eyes, opened them again. His usual teasing smile appeared, with a lustful edge that made her shiver. But she didn’t miss the echoes of that awed reverence in his eyes, even as he said mockingly, “You’re covered in chocolate.”

She arched a brow. “And whose fault is that?”

“Don’t worry.” He swiped a finger over the swell of one breast without warning, collecting cake batter that was almost the same shade as her skin. Then, holding her gaze, he licked the finger. “I’ll clean it up.”

She bit her lip to stop herself from whimpering, the skin he’d touched so lightly already tingling as if she’d been shocked. Her nipples were so stiff and sensitive that his gaze alone felt like a touch—but he didn’t actually touch them. Not like she wanted him to. Not yet. Instead, he grabbed her thighs and hauled her off the counter, holding her against his body. She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck, and he carried her through the cabin.

“Where are we going?” she asked, her slight breathlessness betraying the tornado of desire sweeping through her body.

“Bed,” he grunted, his gaze pinned to her breasts. She supposed there was a lot to look at. She had an inconveniently-sized pair of tits that could not be pushed into perkiness by any bra on earth—at least, not any bra she was willing to pay for—but the way Luke was staring at them right now made them seem less like an annoyance and more like a promise of pleasure. She didn’t doubt that he could deliver.

He kicked open a door just off the living area and carried her into what must be his bedroom, since the only object in it was a bed. An enormous bed, too, piled high with a mess of blankets and pillows that made it look more like a nest. It almost filled the modest space entirely, illuminated by the street-light-tinted glow coming through the single, wide window. Luke didn’t do anything to change that; he just threw her onto the bed and followed, covering her body with his own.

“We’ll get chocolate all over the sheets,” she gasped.

“Don’t care.” And then his big hands were grabbing the soft mounds of her breasts, pushing them up and together for his enjoyment. He lowered his head without fanfare and licked a long, wet stripe over her skin, making her gasp and arch up beneath him. Chas found herself spreading her thighs wider, opening up beneath him—and then she felt the bulge of his rigid shaft against her pussy, pressing hard on her clit, making her moan.

He looked up with something wicked in his eyes, his tongue circling one rigid nipple. Slowly, deliberately, he rocked his hips forward, pushing firmly between her legs. She released a shuddering sigh and arched into him again, chasing that spark of pleasure, letting it kindle into a white-hot flame.

Luke released her breasts and rose up on his knees, his hands moving to her jeans. She didn’t protest as he undid the buttons, tugged at the zipper, dragged the stiff fabric down her thighs. His movements were almost frantic, his breaths more like a series of low, rapid growls.

He didn’t pull her plain and comfortable underwear aside; instead, he ripped it off so easily that she thought he must’ve used his claws. Maybe that should’ve alarmed her, should’ve pulled her out of this haze of lust—but she didn’t care. She knew what he was, and she didn’t care. She remembered what he’d said earlier that day: “I could no more rip out your throat than rip out my own heart.”

She believed him. Mostly because she was starting to feel the same way.

And then he was pushing her legs up and out of his way, his fingers digging into her thighs, his face pressed against her cunt. Her whole body jolted as shock and pleasure twisted their way through her veins, white-hot and electric. She felt him inhale, breathing her in, nuzzling her labia in a way that made her clit throb and her wetness grow. She could feel fine rivulets of her own arousal trailing from her slick entrance, down the curve of her arse. He kept going, making a sound deep in his chest that sent a thrill up her spine. The rasp of his facial hair was almost too much against her sensitive folds, but not quite.

Chastity kneaded her own breast with one hand, slid the other into his thick hair, and ordered through gritted teeth, “More.”

He laughed, low and dangerous. She felt his mouth move against her as he spoke, the most decadent tease of all. “Does that mean I’m doing okay?”

“Luke,” she warned.

He looked up, delight written over his face. “Did you just growl at me?”

“No!”

“Yes,” he said smugly. Then he lowered his head and licked her from cunt to clit, his broad tongue spreading her folds. Chas released a jagged cry that sounded far too breathless, way too desperate, to have come from her lips—except it matched the gnawing hunger inside her, the helpless need growing in her chest and the uncontrollable desire swelling between her legs.

When he parted her with his thumbs, when he held her open and lapped at her entrance with a low moan, she made the sound again, her body writhing without permission. It was as if her nerves were no longer taking orders from her mind, but from her swollen, sensitive clit—and when he licked her there, when he closed his lips around her and sucked, her vision actually blurred.

She felt as if she were burning alive, choking on pleasure, exploding with need. His tongue swirled over her aching flesh and she screamed out his name. His fingers pushed into her tightening pussy and she actually sobbed. His thumb replaced his tongue on her clit, rubbing hard—and then she felt his teeth sink into her thigh, and she came.

The lust was dizzying, suffocating. By the time she returned to her senses, he was lying over her again, his face above hers when she opened her eyes. She pulled him closer and kissed him hard and wanted, wanted, wanted. He kissed her just as fiercely, his hands roaming over her eager body one moment, then yanking at his own jeans the next. When his were shoved down to his knees, just like hers, he grasped her hip firmly and whispered against her lips, “Now?”

“Now,” she said, or tried to—but the end of the word was swallowed by a gasp when the head of his cock brushed over her hypersensitive folds.

He moaned and let his head fall forward to rest against hers. “Holy fuck, that felt good.”

All she could manage was a choked, “Please.” She widened her thighs as much as she could, jeans considered, and sank her nails into the curve of his arse, urging him forward. And he moved, the first inch of that hot, thick cock spreading her open, pushing into her swollen cunt, setting her nerves alight.

“Jesus, Chas,” he panted. “I want to mate you. Now. Let’s do it now.”

At those words, everything in her froze. Her pounding heart went from a sign of anticipation to a ragged drumbeat of panic. Blood that had zipped through her veins like starlight suddenly cooled and congealed. A second ago, she would’ve said nothing could break through this heavy, drugging pleasure. Clearly, she’d been wrong.





6





Judgement





Luke could barely hear over the rushing of blood in his ears, could barely see through the cloud of pleasure surrounding him, could barely think when he was finally pushing into Chastity’s burning, silken heat. But he could feel her, all of her, enough to notice even through his lust that she’d become still and tense beneath him. He blinked hard, shook his head until the sound of his rapid pulse gave way to the sound of her voice.

“No,” she said.

He froze. “You want to stop?”

In answer, she pushed at his chest. Which was quite clear. He gritted his teeth, pulled out, and rose up on his knees. His eyes ran over her body, but he ignored the lushness of her breasts, the soft plumpness of her curves, and focused on her skin. She was littered with random scars—some pale, some dark, some big and some small—but he searched for more recent marks or bruises as he asked, “Are you okay? I didn’t hurt you, did I?”

She snorted and sat up, shuffling away from him. “Brought me to my senses, more like.”

Well. That wasn’t exactly what he’d wanted to hear, but he decided not to jump to conclusions. Even though she was currently standing and pulling up her jeans. “Chastity, are we—”

“You’re a Werewolf,” she said, spinning round to face him. “Yes, you’re still you, and I still…” She bit back whatever she’d been about to say, shaking her head as she struggled with her zipper. “Whatever. I need to go home and talk to my family. I can’t just mate you,” she spat, as if the word were distasteful. “Didn’t you say that shit’s for life?” She didn’t wait for an answer, stomping out of the room.

Luke followed, shoving off his jeans completely instead of pulling them up, purely because it was faster. He found her in the kitchenette, throwing on her chocolate-stained T-shirt. The look on her face, one of bloody-minded determination, told him that he wasn’t about to get what he wanted here—not even close. But he still tried. “You don’t need to leave, Chas. Just hold on a second. Talk to me.”

She shoved past him without meeting his eyes, grabbing her jacket by the door. “There’s really nothing to talk about. I’ve known you all of five minutes. This isn’t normal.”

“Who gives a fuck about normal? The fact that I’m a Werewolf isn’t normal,” he said, even as he fought against the pull of his beast.

“I do!” she snapped.

He closed his eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath. The full moon was tomorrow, and he could still taste her on his tongue. The fact that she was hesitating frustrated the monster inside him in a way that had claws pricking his fingertips and fangs trying to force their way through his gums.

He gritted his teeth and held it all in and talked fast. “Everything about both our lives is strange, Chastity, but that doesn’t make it any less real. You know what this is. You can feel it. And I shouldn’t have—I shouldn’t have lost my head and moved too fast, but you shouldn’t run, either.”

She whipped around to face him, her hands curled into fists, her gaze hard and narrowed. “You think I’m running? You think I’m a coward?” She looked him up and down, slow and scathing, as if he were a cockroach at her feet. His beast snarled in response, but he swallowed the sound, because he had a feeling she’d take any excuse to fight right then. And he would never hurt her.

But she hurt him. “I’m not running, Luke. I’m just leaving. Because I got what I came here for.”

She got what she came here for.

And now she was leaving. Leaving him. When he needed her around just to think, to breathe, to live. When her absence was his definition of loneliness.

She let herself out into the cold, slamming the door shut behind her, and he allowed it. He maintained iron-hard control, exercised his hard-won restraint, reminded himself that he ruled his own mind and his actions, that nothing and no-one could affect him. Those lies steadied his shuddering heart for a good few minutes, each second a burning eternity.

But eventually, the truth won out. He was not an island anymore. She’d come, she’d changed him, and she’d had the fucking audacity to brush it off and walk away.

He threw back his head and howled.





Abina Adofo had had a busy month.

She’d been home far less than usual, leaving her husband to hold down the fort. Travelling from John O’Grotes to Land’s End in search of answers to a question no-one dared ask in the daylight had taken a hell of a lot of time. And even now, though she’d covered every inch of land in England and Scotland, Abina had only shards of disjointed information to show for it. She still couldn’t fully explain why, last month, a monster had left one of her daughters alive—and stolen the clothing of another.

She didn’t like that. If there was one thing Abina craved and continued to lack, it was knowledge. Knowledge, more than the survival skills, battle tactics and weaponry she’d taught her girls, was power. But theirs was a world of shadows and whispers, and answers were smoke in the wind.

She parked her car in the drive and smiled at the sight of the neighbours’ imaginatively-carved pumpkins, glowing bright in the darkness. It was well past midnight, but as she approached her own front door, she saw the lights were on in the living room. Her husband, Solomon, must be waiting up. She’d told him not to, of course, but the man was stubborn as a bloody goat. And secretly, she was rather pleased about it.

She entered the house with a smile on her face, setting down the largest of her weapons before she went in search of her husband. She found him in his favourite chair, his expression unusually grave, his hands folded in his lap in a way that meant business.

And beside him, to her surprise, stood their youngest daughter. Abina’s heart raced for a moment as she swept her gaze over Chastity, wondering if something had happened, if her time had run out, if the Were had come hunting. Chas was theoretically capable of defending herself, but she must never. She could not. The oracle had been quite clear.

“Everything is fine,” Solomon said, his soothing baritone setting her at ease. Of course, he’d know her worry and immediately assuage it. She flashed him a grateful smile before looking to their daughter.

“Ma,” Chastity said. “I think you’ll want to sit down for this.”





Repeating everything she’d learned from Luke was the easy part—well, except for the fact that echoing his words, remembering his voice, made Chastity’s throat burn and her eyes prickle. But she used the icy panic that had filled her when he’d spoken about mating, embraced the cold until her volatile emotions froze over. She was a soldier, and she was making a report. That was all.

Until her mother looked up from the notes she’d been making for the past hour and asked the question Chastity had been dreading, the one that had made her flinch at every interruption so far. “Where did you learn all of this, Smudge?”

Fourteen Adofo children, and each one had a nickname—one that only their parents used, that made absolutely no sense and had no discernible origin story. Some weren’t even real words. But to Chastity, the sound of her ridiculous pet name was like a steadying hand.

She cleared her throat and said, “A Werewolf told me.”

Silence. Ma blinked rapidly. Dad took off his glasses, cleaned them carefully on his shirt, and put them back on. Then he said, “Pardon?”

“Almost four weeks ago,” Chastity said, trying her best to sound Extremely Mature and Professional, “a Were in human form came into the café. Despite clear signs as to his nature, I doubted my suspicions at first because his behaviour was… anomalous. But after a while, I decided that he must be the creature Victory had that incident with.” She paused, then said very quickly, “I decided to hunt him alone.”

Her parents, in unison, bellowed, “You did what?!”

She didn’t think that was a genuine invitation to repeat herself, so she ploughed on. “He seemed to be attempting to flirt with me, so I allowed the situation to continue for a few weeks. He came in every day and spoke to me, until I eventually encouraged him to take things further. At the end of the week, I went to his home—”

“You went to a Were’s lair? What were you—no, never mind. It’s done. Where is it? Where was he hiding?”

“He wasn’t hiding, Ma. He lives in a house.”

Her mother made a strangled sort of choking noise. Dad patted her back soothingly.

“I went to his house,” Chastity continued, “and attempted to kill him. During our fight, although he shifted, he remained rational and tried not to hurt me.”

Her mother’s jaw dropped. It actually dropped. She could’ve caught flies. The sight distracted Chas for a moment with its sheer unexpectedness, but she collected herself and continued. She had to. Because if she stopped talking about Luke in this clinical way, she might start thinking about Luke in a visceral way.

There was this uncomfortable roiling guilt inside her because of the things she’d said, the things she’d allowed him to believe so she could push him away. The idea of some mystical Werewolf connection tying her to him—to the very thing she’d once believed she was made to destroy—turned her blood to frost in her veins. And yet, beneath that knee-jerk anxiety was a rightness that scared her, and a burning desire to be his, to make him hers.

He could explain it all he liked, but she wasn’t ready to understand. And knowing that didn’t make the dissonance any easier.

“He also displayed clear indications of humanity,” Chastity went on, her voice wooden, “such as this.” She produced the acorn from her pocket, held it up to the light. “He makes his living as an artist. He is kind and funny and frequently exhibits admirable self-control. It was obvious to me that he was… different, in some way, to the creatures you’ve taught me about. So, I let him live. The next day, he found me.” She swallowed hard as she remembered, as she realised that it had happened less than 24 hours ago.

As she recalled the heat of his hand between her legs, the gentleness in his eyes, and the things he’d said. “All I want is you. I need your sunshine.”

“What did he do?” Ma demanded when Chas hesitated too long.

“Nothing! Nothing. I mean…” she cleared her throat. “We talked. He offered to answer my questions and gave me the information I’ve already relayed to you.”

For a long, long moment, Ma was silent. Then she held out a shaking hand and said, “Give me that.”

The acorn, of course. Except Chas didn’t want to hand it over. She did, though, forcing her stiff fingers to release the half-finished carving.

Her mother peered at it, then handed it over to Dad. He studied it and murmured, “Extraordinary.”

“It’s a copy,” Ma said. “True to life.”

“But the fact that he felt moved to make it at all—”

“He creates,” Chas interjected. “I’ve seen it. He makes art.”

After a pause, Ma levelled a hard look at her. “You believe in everything he’s told you.”

“Yes.” Unreservedly. “I know I’m not a huntress, but—”

“Just because you’ve never been cleared for active duty, doesn’t mean you’re not a huntress. Knowledge is at the root of everything we do, Chastity. A hand can’t act without a mind to guide it. Your discoveries might just restore this family to the force it was always meant to be.”

Every word seemed to sink into Chastity’s skin and warm her from the inside out, her chest swelling with tentative hope. “You… You’re pleased.”

“I’m proud.” The precious moment lasted as long as Ma’s hard-won, quicksilver smile. Then, in the next breath, she asked, “Why did the Werewolf look for you, specifically?”

Ah. She didn’t really want to go into that—not least because it suggested an ulterior motive on Luke’s part, a reason for misleading her. But she couldn’t lie to her parents, so she said flatly, “He claims that I’m his mate.”

Her mother arched a brow. Chastity waited for the inevitable explosion of disgust.

Then Solomon Adofo said, “Makes sense.”

Chastity was so shocked, she almost swallowed her own tongue. “Makes… sense?”

“Oh, yes,” Dad said, nodding thoughtfully. “Of course. You remember,” he said, turning to look at Ma. “‘Her first kill will rip out her own heart’.”

Well, fuck. That did make sense. In the most twisted way possible. Chastity stared blankly at the wall as her parents talked further, as they compared notes and decided how early was too early to call a family meeting. She was still staring at the wall, her mind moving rapidly and yet uselessly, her thoughts incoherent but frantic, when Ma tapped her on the shoulder.

She looked up, and saw the little wooden acorn trapped between her mother’s fingers. “You want this, Smudge?”

“No.” She squeezed her eyes shut as her deepest, most primal instincts rebelled. “Yes,” she admitted, and held out a hand.

Ma passed it over and gave her a considering look. “You know seventy ways to maim a man, so I’ve never been overly concerned for your safety. At least, not before. Are you concerned for your safety?”

She understood, with a jolt, that her mother was asking about Luke. About whether his was a dangerous sort of desire. “No,” she said, because it was the only possible answer.

“Do you have any reason to believe that your judgement may be impaired?”

The logical response was, undoubtedly, Yes. Her behaviour over the last couple of days had been erratic, to say the least. Over the last few weeks, in fact—because Chastity was slowly coming to accept that her reaction to Luke had been odd from the very beginning.

She’d identified a Werewolf and had decided to just… let him be? To observe him every morning at the café, plotting his eventual demise, even when she’d believed him actively dangerous? To keep something from her family, something so huge? She’d even started altering rotas to make sure Dad was never around in the mornings, since he was the only man in the family likely to know a Were in human form. And yes, she’d done it all with the aim of killing Luke—but had she ever truly wanted to do that?

Suddenly, she wasn’t certain. She’d wanted to kill a Were, that was for sure. But a secret part of her soul might have wished that the Were in question didn’t have to be Luke.

His smile made her dizzy, his scent made her weak, his touch took her to heaven, and she adored him. He was a monster and she was a huntress, and she adored him.

Maybe there was something to this mate thing after all.

“My judgement is not impaired,” she told her mother. “Not in the slightest.”





7





Full Moon Rising





It had been a long damn day.

Ma had called a family meeting at the arsecrack of dawn, so Chas had barely slept at all before reciting her unbelievable story in front of every sibling and a couple of nearby cousins. She’d handled the usual probing questions, then stuffed herself into a ridiculously floofy, scarlet Halloween costume and stomped off to work.

At Cup O’Go, holidays like Halloween were always busy—but today had been frantic. The constant influx of customers should’ve made time pass quickly, but instead, things dragged. Because no matter what Chas was doing, who she was smiling for, or how many pumps of pumpkin spice she put into a latte, her mind was stuck on Luke.

She’d hurt him. She’d hurt him and she desperately wanted to fix it. The need was so urgent, every beat of her heart felt like an echo of his name. The hopelessness in his eyes, the gentleness of his voice as he tried his best to fix things, it all played on a torturous loop in her head until she realised that the thing weighing her down and fucking her up was pure, unadulterated guilt. The worst she’d ever felt.

And on top of all that, she missed him. After five bloody minutes apart, she missed him.

But no matter what she wanted to do, no matter how much she’d like to go to him, the fact remained that tonight was the full moon. Not only would he be pissed with her, he would also be, you know, a Werewolf. And while she’d seen that side of him before, she had reason to believe that the full moon changed things. It would be reckless to go to him now, unsure of the welcome she’d receive. She couldn’t do it. And that fact made her absolutely furious.

When she and Valour finally locked up at 6 p.m., Chastity was ready to go home and scream uselessly into her pillow.

So, of course, when she let herself into her shitty little flat, it was to find that one of her many sisters had taken up residence.

Someone’s boots were by the door—but they all swapped and copied each other so much, it was hard to discern whose. She could rule out Honour and Liberty, because they had massive feet, and these combat boots were on the smaller side. So, she thought as she took off her coat and followed the sound of frying, spitting butter to the kitchen, it was either Mercy, Constance, or…

“Vicky,” she sighed, as her favourite—and most aggravating—sister came into view. Victory was standing in front of the narrow kitchen’s old-fashioned hob, her muscled body and vital beauty a contrast to the tired and chipped appliances. “What are you doing here?”

The taller woman spared Chastity the barest of glances before turning her attention back to her frying pan. “Evenin’, baby sis. Nice costume.”

Chas snorted. “Go fuck yourself.”

“I mean it.” She flipped a pancake with irritating height and precision. “Little Red, right?”

“I’m a red velvet cupcake,” Chas gritted out, fiddling self-consciously with her poofy skirt. “I took off the icing headband.”

Victory cracked up. “Icing headband?”

“You know Dad buys the costumes. He thinks he’s funny.”

“Which is funny in itself. Really, though, it’s a shame you’re not Little Ms. Hood today. Would’ve been ironic. You know, since you’re screwing a Werewolf and all.”

Chastity’s hand shot out to grip the doorframe, her knuckle joints screaming as she squeezed the wood a little too hard. “Wh-what? How did you—I mean, we’re not—”

Victory flicked her pancake onto a plate already piled high with them, put down the frying pan, and turned to face a panicked Chastity with a smile. “You’re cute when you’re confused. Lemon and sugar, or—?”

“Better get the syrup.” Closing her eyes for a second, Chas leaned against the doorframe and took a deep, soothing breath. A centring breath, one designed to bring her back to herself. Which might be impossible, since she felt like half of herself was absent—and presumably running around in another skin, eating small forest creatures.

But she managed to yank the swirling pieces of her mind back into place, cobbling together an approximation of a Totally Okay Chastity just in time to follow her sister and those pancakes out of the room.

They sat on Chasity’s second-hand sofa, crossed-legged and facing each other, the stack of pancakes wobbling precariously between them. Victory wolfed one down first, her scarred hands moving efficiently as she ripped and swallowed. Then she said, “Me and Valour have been spying on you all month.”

“Valour?!”

“Sure. Your problem is, you still think of him as a little kid when he’s probably the smartest of us all. He spotted the Were straight away, Chas. And he knew you had too.”

This was probably going to be an uncomfortable conversation. Chastity debated the pros and cons of shoving a whole pancake into her mouth at once.

“When you didn’t do anything, he decided to tell me. He thought telling Ma might get you in trouble. So, between us, we figured out that you were planning to hunt the thing alone. To prove yourself, right?”

“Right,” Chastity mumbled, but the word was muffled. She’d decided to eat the whole pancake. It tasted like syrupy sawdust.

“Well, we thought it was a good idea. But I wanted to keep an eye on you, just in case that old witch was right and you died or whatever. So, Val watched you at work and reported back, and the longer you took to make a move, the weirder things got. He started telling me the Were was nice to you. He said you probably didn’t want to kill it. And I have to admit, I was suspicious of that thing to begin with. The night it ripped your hoodie, it…” Victory stared distantly over Chastity’s shoulder, like she was seeing those wild, moonlit woods again. “It wasn’t like other Weres. Of course, after everything you told us in the meeting this morning, that makes sense. But I’m getting ahead of myself.

“You eventually made a move, so I stalked you just the teeniest, tiniest bit. When you were in that thing’s house—”

“Luke,” Chastity corrected, unable to keep quiet once she’d finally swallowed the pancake. “His name is Luke.”

Victory executed the sort of smug, older-sister look that said she’d been waiting to hear that. “Sorry,” she murmured, clearly fighting a smile. “Luke. When you were in his house, I had a lock on him through the window—or at least, I did until you guys started making out. Gross, by the way.”

“Oh, fuck off.” Victory was a sniper. A very good sniper. So she must’ve had a great view down her scope that night. Chas’s cheeks heated.

“Heh. Anyways, eventually you got appropriately stabby—you did well, by the way—but I was ready to shoot that motherfucker until I realised that he wasn’t trying to kill you. Then you took the knife out of his chest and sat around looking like a war widow, etcetera etcetera, you know the rest. Next day, Val saw you leaving the carpark with, um, Luke, so I waited near his house again. By that point, we were 99% sure you were pulling some Romeo and Juliet shit, but I just wanted to be absolutely positive that you weren’t going to get eaten.” Victory’s lips twitched. “Well, maybe you did get eaten—”

“Oh, shut up.”

“—but all I saw was you guys having some weird argument. Looked very dramatic.”

“You can stop talking now.” Chastity bit into another pancake and chewed until the urge to break down and ask her sister for advice finally passed. She didn’t think Victory had much experience in soothing the hurt feelings of a preternatural creature. “You and Val are a pair of weirdos,” she muttered eventually. “But… thanks. For making sure I didn’t die.”

“Well, as far as I can tell, you were never in any danger.” Victory eyed her thoughtfully. “You’re really into that Were, hm?”

“I suppose,” Chas sighed. It was all so inconvenient, having people who cared about you when all you really wanted was to bottle up your feelings and never, ever speak of them.

“How come you’re grumpy, then? He’s cute, and he looked like a good kisser.”

“Would you stop?” she snorted, no heat in the words.

“Relax. I’m not going to steal your monster. Although, if he is telling the truth and there are others like him…”

“You can’t just decide to date a Werewolf, Vicky.”

“Yes, I can. It would be nice to sleep with a guy without worrying my thighs are gonna accidentally snap his neck.”

Chastity laughed despite herself. “I’m sure. But I don’t know how they… I mean, they have this whole ‘mate for life’ thing, and I don’t know if they really date outside of that.” She wrinkled her nose, thoughtful. They must, right? The ones who were into romance at all, that is. But then, knowing you’d eventually find your mate could make other relationships seem less important.

“Wait,” Victory said, narrowing her eyes. “Mate for life? Is that what Luke’s trying to do with you?”

Oops. After a moment’s hesitation, Chas mumbled, “Maybe.”

There was a stunned pause, Victory’s usually expressive face going completely blank. And then, out of nowhere, she burst into laughter.

“What?” Chastity scowled. “What’s so funny?!”

Her sister tried to reply, but couldn’t manage in between hysterical whoops.

“Oh, for fuck’s sake. You’re the most irritating person on planet earth, I swear to God.”

Victory slapped her own thigh and bent over double.

“I’m eating all of these pancakes. Screw you.” With a sniff of annoyance, Chastity attacked the rest of the food.

She’d almost finished the stack by the time Victory calmed enough to speak, wiping actual tears from the corners of her eyes. Finally, the chuckling huntress said, “For life. That’s adorable.”

“Whatever,” Chas glared, a strange sort of indignation flaring in her chest. Something inside her wanted to take offence at her sister’s flippancy, but she refused to do that. Instead, she asked, “Aren’t you going to tell me I should run a mile? Keep an eye out for some nice, human man instead?”

“Why would I do that?” Victory snorted. “Chastity, we’re from a family of Werewolf hunters. You’re basically dating a monster. A fucking fortune-telling witch attended your birth. Everything about our lives is ridiculous and impossible and arguably ill-advised. Do whatever the hell you want. We’re warriors. You’ll be fine no matter what.” Her tone hardened slightly, her eyes narrowing as she added, “We’ll make sure of it.”

Aw. Implied threats of violence against her future spouse. Chastity’s heart swelled. “You’re very annoying, but also one of my top six favourite sisters.”

Victory rolled her eyes. “Cute.” Then, with a wink, “I love you too. So, you and the Were made up yet?”

Chastity bit down on the inside of her cheek, forcing a nonchalant shrug. “No.”

Her sister waited for more, then arched a brow when none was forthcoming. “You fucked up, right?”

“Seriously? How do you know he didn’t fuck up?”

“I mean, maybe he did. But you must’ve too, because you’ve got your whole ‘guilty and resentful’ thing going on.” Victory waved a finger at Chastity’s face. “This is how you look when you want to apologise but don’t have the guts. Kind of like you’re constipated.”

“I have the guts,” Chas snapped, trying to smooth out her expression. “But Christ, Vicky, it’s the full moon. He’s probably out there pissing up a tree trunk or something.”

“Sounds like fun.”

Chastity grunted.

“Fine. You can apologise when he’s not furry. But, you know… I met the guy on a full moon. He was rather scary. He was also,” Victory said slowly, “quite human.”

The pair fell silent, staring at the empty plate between them.

And then Chastity made a terrible decision.





Either this mating thing really was fated, unavoidable instinct, or Chastity was losing it. Possibly—probably—both. She huffed out a laugh, her breath a curl of ghostly smoke in the darkness. It was late, but not so late that there weren’t any trick or treaters to witness her weirdness.

The kids she passed, all kitted out in costumes and toting bags for the treats they’d collect that night, gave her sideways looks as she chuckled to herself. But she kept walking until the neat streets of the suburbs disappeared and the city devolved into abandoned, burned out factories being eaten alive by foliage as nature reclaimed its space.

As Luke’s forest finally came into view, she sped up, her heels clipping sharply against the pavement. Yes, her heels; she was still wearing this bloody costume, hadn’t had time to change before the soul-deep tug towards her missing half dragged her out of the house. At least she was wearing thick, red tights beneath the skirt, and a hoodie and jacket over the flouncy, red-and-white bodice.

She rubbed her gloved hands together and crossed the street towards the edge of the forest, not bothering to head to Luke’s cabin. He wouldn’t be there, would he? Not with the moon a fat, gleaming pearl right above them, veiled in silvery shadow but still gleaming bright and whole. He’d be here. In the darkness. Where he belonged.

The forest was separated from the pavement by a rickety fence, the kind anyone could easily cross—but no-one ever did. In fact, before last month, she couldn’t remember ever giving the ominous mass of trees and undergrowth a second thought. Even now, something about it seemed subtly repulsive, as if earthy tendrils were curling over her skin, whispering warnings against her chilled flesh.

But she refused to be afraid. She was an Adofo. And she just might be a Werewolf’s mate. She was so desperate to see him that, for a second, she thought she caught a glimpse of his unnatural eyes, flashing within the depths of the forest. Then, a moment later, she heard the familiar rumble of a growl that vibrated through her body, from the soles of her feet to the tips of her curls. She should’ve been terrified.

Instead, she was… eager.

Moving closer, bracing her hands against the wooden fence, she peered into the darkness. “Luke?”

No answer. But she was gripped by a near-compulsive need to give chase, to follow her screaming instincts until she’d reached her goal. And so, moving as if in a trance, Chastity jumped the fence. The dagger strapped to her thigh dug in a little as she raised one leg awkwardly, and her heels sank into the earth as she landed. Then her ridiculous tutu-like skirt caught and tugged on a jagged edge of wood.

“Bloody costume,” she gritted out, pulling at the gauze until it ripped. Once she was free, she moved deeper into the dense undergrowth, pushing aside whip-sharp branches and stepping over rotting logs until true darkness blanketed her like suffocating velvet.

And then, in the midst of nothing, she saw those eyes.

“Luke,” she breathed. “I—I want to talk to you.” Of course, he might not be able to talk back. It was full moon night, after all. But he was still himself in this form, wasn’t he? She’d seen that. So she stepped closer, towards him, her heart pounding its way out of her chest.

He growled, low and raw, a thrill rolling over her until the fine hairs on her skin stood to attention. She tensed, unsure for a moment. But then she shook off that uncertainty and did what she’d come to do.

“I’m sorry,” she said. “About yesterday. I mean, I’m not sorry for freaking out—I think that’s fair—but I tried to push you away, and I know I hurt you.”

The growl rose, rich and undeniably threatening. A primitive part of her brain screamed that she was about to get herself killed. And yet… he was right there, in front of her, his form massive but vague in the shadows, his eyes so familiar, his as control fierce as ever. He wasn’t moving a muscle, she could tell. And she knew, to her very bones, that Luke would never harm her.

“I’m sorry,” she said again. “That’s all. I want to be with you. I want us to be okay. Are we okay?” She winced as she awaited some kind of answer. God, she was ridiculous. He was a bloody Werewolf, for Christ’s sake. What was she expecting in response, a reassuring snarl? A friendly dismemberment, if he was feeling particularly demonstrative?

While she waited and wondered and berated herself, the wind shifted, whipping at her skirt and her hair. The subtle whisper of air through bare branches and evergreen leaves emphasised the density of the forest’s silence, its only percussion the growing rumble of Luke’s growl. And then, all at once, the clouds covering the moon drifted away, and the forest was cast in an icy, blue-tinted glow. It barely counted as light at all—and yet, it was just enough for Chastity to see him.

To see her Werewolf.

He crouched on strange legs, the two-jointed kind that looked as though his knees were in reverse. Her gaze travelled from bulging, furred thighs to a broad, leathery body that bore random patches of matted fur. His arms seemed too long for that body, ending in hairy, monstrous imitations of the human hand, his fingers a series of jagged, yellowed claws. Maybe she’d seen him like this before, but in the heat of battle she hadn’t truly noticed the twisted nature of his form. And still, she stared, her gaze finally landing on that snarling muzzle, those drooling fangs, and his narrowed, watchful eyes.

Eyes that, despite all the rest, made her heart flutter in her chest.

Fucking weird.

When the creature approached her, she remained still. Her pulse pounded at her throat, so violent it was almost uncomfortable, and nervous sweat prickled over her skin—but she couldn’t turn away. She couldn’t run, either. What if it hurt his feelings?

What if Luke isn’t in there at all, and the chase triggers something in his beast?

But no, that wouldn’t happen. She squeezed her eyes shut for a moment and spoke to herself sternly. Luke wasn’t like the Weres her family had described to her. She knew that. Just because he looked the way he did right now, and just because the moon hung over him like a symbol of inhumanity, didn’t mean she had anything to fear.

Even though she knew all of that, however, she almost screamed when she felt his hot breath against her cheek. Chastity’s eyes flew open, and she came face to face with the beast.

For one heart-stopping moment, they were trapped in a private eternity, brown eyes clashing with emerald. The world around them sank into nothingness, and reality itself seemed to hold its breath. Then, with the power of a wave crashing against the shore, time restarted. The Werewolf leant forward and…

Nudged Chastity’s forehead with its jaw.

She flinched instinctively, then realised that nothing else had happened. Just a nudge. She looked up to meet the creature’s eyes again and, somehow, saw wry amusement dancing in those green depths.

“Oh, bugger off,” she muttered. “You look quite disturbing right now, you know.”

There was a puff of hot air against her cheek, a strange chuffing sound edged in a growl. He was laughing. He was laughing at her.

She rolled her eyes, a reluctant smile spreading over her face. “Don’t make me stab you again.”

One massive paw came up to shove at her shoulder. She fell on her arse.

Luke made a low whining noise and bent over her, nudging her head again, even gentler than before.

“I’m fine,” she sighed, swatting him away. “Honestly. Don’t start treating me like china. Get off. Get off!”

With another strange huff, he moved back, giving her space to stand again. She folded her arms and walked around him, squinting at him in the low light, studying the strangeness of his form. Something deep inside her still thrilled with terror at the sight of him, at every new and inhuman thing she noticed, but it didn’t really matter. Because on top of his general weirdness, he was also kind of cute.

She bent down to examine his creepy legs and decided never to admit that thought aloud.

Standing, she instead lied through her teeth. “You don’t look so big and bad to me, Were.”

He gave a growl that managed to sound sarcastic. Trust him.

“I think I could take you.”

Luke snorted. It was an out and out snort. The cheek of it!

“Alright,” she said, “that’s it.” Swinging around, she hit him with a roundhouse kick to the huge, shaggy thing that appeared to be his head. She knew from experience that it wouldn’t really hurt him, but hopefully it would confuse him a little bit. Grabbing the dagger at her thigh—not silver, but still rather sharp—she ran into the forest.

The challenge was unspoken. Catch me if you can.





Luke raised his muzzle to the round, bone-white moon and howled. Chastity raced through the trees ahead of him—away from him—smelling fucking delicious as ever. More than delicious. She smelled like his.

She would be his.

He ran. His bloodlust rose like a sea of scarlet, richly indulgent, as if he were drowning in some poor fucker’s internal organs. Only this had a slightly different edge, viciously possessive but not exactly violent, electrifying but not necessarily murderous. He was hunting, the beast realised, as he prowled after the sprinting woman, but this was a new kind of prey. The kind he could never harm. The kind who’d run with him beneath the moon and feel the same joy he felt in the unrepentant wildness of this night.

The beast moved faster.

He came closer, that divine scent choking the smells of the forest around him, sinking its claws into his lungs and his heart. The need to have her beneath him, to possess her even for a moment, was so strong that he forgot to draw this out. He forgot to play. Instead, he caught her almost instantly, knocking her to the soft earth and butting at her head again. Her curls tickled at the sensitive insides of his nostrils, and it felt as if he were a dog having his belly rubbed.

Not that he was anything like a dog. Obviously. God, he had it bad.

“Again,” Chastity said, that steely voice tugging at him just as hard as it always had. Harder, even, because she was that much closer to being his. Because she’d come back, and tonight, of all nights. Because she wanted to be with him. Because he could tell, in a thousand tiny ways, that she might not mind being his.

Thank God, since he was already undeniably hers.

He moved back, let her rise, even gave her a little head start as she streaked off into the darkness. But again, and again, as the night wore on, he caught her. And yet… It took a little longer every time.

This was his forest, and he had been cursed to rule the night, but the more she learned of the terrain and of him, the harder it became to hunt her down. Every time she tricked him, evaded him, attacked him and darted away, his wild heart sang, his pleasure swelling until it filled the night. He barely noticed as the moon swept her course across the sky. In fact, he didn’t notice at all—until the glowing orb sank below the horizon, and the chokehold of the curse eased its grip.

He’d been chasing Chastity, about to catch her, when his bones shattered and shifted mid-stride. Perhaps he made a sound, because she turned to look at him—but then his perception of the world was swallowed whole by pain. It wasn’t always like this. His beast was a part of him, and pain didn’t often bother him, so changing didn’t have to be trauma. But when the moon came and went…

Well. This was supposed to be a punishment, after all—and never mind the fact that every Were had forgotten who was punishing them, and what for.

He came to naked and aching in the dirt, with Chastity beside him. The agony he’d just experienced was swept away almost entirely at the sight of her, barely illuminated by the rising sun but crystal-clear to his eyes.

She was grinning down at him, mud smudged over one cheek, a fine scratch across her forehead that might’ve come from a branch. For the first time, he noticed the silky, red-and-white dress beneath her usual plain jacket. Then he looked down and realised that her feet were filthy and slightly bloody, clad only in torn-up tights.

His heart squeezed, and he sat up so fast that his head pounded out a protest.

He ignored it, grabbing one foot, and examining the damage. “Where the bloody hell are your shoes?”

“Good morning to you too,” she murmured. “Next month I’ll wear boots.”

He looked up sharply, his eyes flying to hers, his worry washed away by a flood of desperate, near-painful love. He loved her. And she might possibly be open to one day, perhaps, loving him.

He hoped.

“You’d better,” he said. “If you do this again, I’ll spank you.”

“You can try.” She yawned suddenly, raising her arms in a spine-cracking stretch. He enjoyed the swell of her cleavage against the bodice of that strange dress for a moment before giving in to his protective instincts.

“Alright,” he said, standing up. “Bedtime.”

“It’s morning,” she protested as he swept her up into his arms. “Oh, for God’s sake, what are you carrying me for?”

“You’re not walking on those feet. Do you have work today?”

“No.”

“Then you’re coming home with me.”

She tutted, but her arms settled around his neck and she rested her head on his shoulder. Jesus, she must be tired. “Don’t we need to have a long and meaningful discussion about the truth of your cursed nature, and so on?”

“I think we’ve already had plenty of those. How about we go home, wash your feet, and go to bed?”

She made a humming noise as she considered. “Do you have any disinfectant?”

“I have an extensive collection of spirits.”

She shrugged. “Close enough.”

And so, Luke dragged his human mate off to his lair, made her scream to the heavens—by washing her feet with gin—then fell asleep with her in his arms.

She was still wearing the dress.





8





The Beast Within





Chastity woke up to rich, golden sunlight streaming through the windows and a huge, naked man playing with her hair.

Oh, fuck, her hair. She raised a hand to the knotty, dried-out mess, winced, and decided to call in at least three of her siblings when she eventually got around to detangling it. She’d need help. And entertainment. And snacks.

“Hey,” Luke murmured, his fingers still toying with a curl just above her ear. Considering the fact that most of her recent memories involved his eyes peering out of a monster’s face, the sight of his sharp but human features was a little jarring. But only for a second. Then she was distracted from that minor shock by the realisation that his expression was… grave. He didn’t look unhappy, or anything—just excruciatingly, uncomfortably serious.

“Hey yourself,” she replied, wondering if this was about to be the most awkward morning after of morning afters. So, our semi-violent frolicking in the woods was fun and all, but…

Then he reached down and plucked at the cheap, satiny material of her costume. “You dressed up for Halloween?”

“It was for the café,” she explained. “I had these silly little shoes, too, but I lost them somewhere.” They both looked down towards her feet, which he’d bandaged with torn-up strips of cotton. The sight relaxed her slightly. He’d ripped one of his spare sheets to pieces for her; clearly, they were cool. She had no reason to be nervous right now.

But she’d never seen him look so solemn before. Not ever.

“I was a cupcake,” she blurted, because something overly warm and uncertain in her suggested that she keep speaking. “Red velvet. You know, because they’re my favourite? I mean, I didn’t choose it—my dad… Oh, you should know, I spoke to my family. I passed on everything you told me. And stuff.”

‘And stuff?’ Wow, Chas. Many articulate. Much verbose.

Then Luke stroked a gentle fingertip over her cheek, the touch driving all coherent thought from her mind and snatching the rambling words from her tongue. She was silent and strangely peaceful, lying there beside him, staring into those hypnotic eyes and feeling the glide of his skin over hers.

“You left me,” he said softly.

She swallowed, hard. “I—yes. Um… I’m sorry—”

“I know. I know. But, Chas… You’re human,” he said.

“Well, yes,” she managed. “And you’re a Werewolf. Both conditions have their downsides, in my opinion.”

He smiled, slow as the sunset that seemed to be taking place outside. Those full lips widened just for her, colour darkening his high cheekbones as fine lines fanned out at the corners of his eyes—and something deep inside her relaxed.

“Do you mind?” he murmured. “That I need you, I mean? And in a way you probably can’t understand, not until we’re mated, at least.”

She didn’t correct the implied certainty in his wording. “I know what you are. I know how you feel. I know that your emotions aren’t quite like mine, that you aren’t quite like me. I’m here anyway.”

“You really are.” The finger dancing over her cheek became the warmth of his palm cupping her face. He kissed her forehead, then her nose, then slid his lips so very softly over her mouth. “Last night—it never occurred to me that the curse could become a blessing. But with you there, it felt like one. You stayed with me. You played with me. You’re human, but you’re here with me, and you are not afraid.”

She licked her lips, trying and failing to ignore the emotion shimmering deep beneath the surface of his words. She could hear his entire heart in his low, rumbling voice, hear the depths of his feelings towards her in a way she never had before, not from anyone. And her own heart sang back in response, offering love she couldn’t yet bring herself to voice, but wanted to. Impossibly, desperately, wanted to.

Releasing a slow breath, Chas admitted, “I’m tired of fighting the way I need you. I’m tired of denying what you mean to me. After last night, I think I can officially stop worrying about what is and isn’t normal.”

“No,” he murmured. “You don’t need to forget. If you can run with a Werewolf, I think I can give normality a try.” He wrinkled his nose. “Up to a point.”

She laughed, giving into the urge to touch him. Her hand sank into the soft midnight of his hair, his body heat cradling her like a blanket.

“If you want to… date,” he said, “and do whatever else humans do, then we will. If you want to wait, we will. If you need time, tell me how much. We’ll do it your way.”

Chastity arched a brow. “Seriously? Because you seem pretty hot on this ‘mating’ thing.”

“Yes,” he said, his voice almost a growl. He cleared his throat and began again. “It’s… a need, for me. But that doesn’t matter. You’re mine, and you always will be, whether I’ve marked you or not.”

“Marked me? Is that what you have to do?”

He shrugged. “Mark you, exchange blood, yeah.”

“Is that a mystical Were way of saying you want to bite the fuck out of me?”

“Didn’t you already know that?” He flashed her that teasing, infuriating, sexy smile, then bent his head and bit her earlobe gently.

She sighed, the action sending an unexpected flare of pleasure through her, sensation unfurling low in her belly. The hand she’d buried in his hair moved lower, almost of its own volition, over his neck and down his spine.

“You have to bite me too,” he whispered in her ear, the glide of his lips against her sensitive skin sending a shiver over her body.

“I don’t know if you noticed,” she said, battling to keep her voice steady, “but you’re far more blessed in the canine department than I am. And much harder to damage.”

“Trust me,” he murmured. “When the time comes, it’ll work.” There was a compelling promise hidden beneath those velvet words that made Chastity’s heart beat faster.

“Alright,” she said, sounding a little more breathless than she’d like.

“Good.” His mouth left her earlobe, slid down to her throat. In one smooth move, Luke shifted his body over hers, and she remembered all at once that he was very, very naked. They’d taken off her tights when he tended to her feet, so his powerful thighs slid against her bare legs, the crisp hairs tickling sensitive skin. He ran his tongue over her rapid pulse, then sucked, slow and firm, at the curve of her neck.

“Ohhh, fuck,” she moaned, arching into his satisfying weight. “Luke?”

“Yes, sweetheart?”

“Can you, um… can you smell when I’m turned on?”

He laughed, his voice so deep she felt it in her bones. “Oh, yeah. Like right now. I already know that when I rip this cute skirt off you, your underwear will be soaked through. I know that you’ll rub your juices all over my face when I lick your sweet little cunt. And I know you’ll be hot and soft and wet when I sink into you.”

Well. Well. “Ah,” she squeaked.

He rose up on his knees and pulled her up too, so she was sitting in front of him. His smile was kind of devious, completely provoking. “Let’s get started on that, shall we?” Then he kissed her, and his mouth against hers felt like coming home. His lips were soft and yet so demanding, coaxing out her brimming passion with patience even as his hands pulled roughly at her clothes. She revelled in the feel of him, from the slow dance of his tongue against hers, to the hard planes of his body. And then she was just as naked as he was, and he was lifting her, turning her, moving her around the bed like it was nothing.

She found herself kneeling opposite the mammoth bed’s headboard, Luke’s legs bracketing hers, his warm chest pressed against her back, his thick cock sliding against the cleft of her arse. Something about that particular pressure, all soft skin and hard flesh and sensitive places, made her moan. Her head fell back against his shoulder, and he took the opportunity to suck and lick at her throat again, using tongue and subtle teeth to reduce her to a shivering, whimpering mess. Arousal was a silken prison holding her body hostage, forcing her to reach for him mindlessly just for the pleasure of touch, to rock back against him just because it made his breathing hitch.

Luke ran big, rough hands over her body without pause, unapologetic as he fondled her thighs, squeezed her hips, stroked the curve of her belly, cupped the weight of her breasts. She could feel what she did to him: the way his cock twitched against the small of her back when she moaned; the way his breath stuttered when she said his name.

Then he reached down to cup her mound, his middle finger easing through her slippery folds, and her mind melted completely. All she could focus on now was her desperate, swollen clit, and the way her pussy ached for him, and the memory of that thick cock opening her up.

“Just fuck me,” she demanded, reaching back to fist his shaft. When her fingers closed around him, tightened on that satin steel, he choked out her name and grabbed her wrist.

“Human women,” he growled, “require foreplay.”

“Human women,” she said, “require you to do whatever the fuck they ask.” Then, after a moment’s thought: “Have you never slept with a human before?”

“I’ve never slept with anyone before,” he said, as if that was a completely unremarkable statement. Then he pushed her forward onto the bed and covered her body with his own, one heavy forearm sliding under her cheek like a pillow. With his free hand, he grabbed her arse cheek and squeezed, spreading her open. She whimpered helplessly at the feel of him above her, at his rigid cock nudging her entrance, at the way her folds parted as he kneaded flesh and muscle greedily.

Then, through it all, she managed to say, “You’re a virgin?!”

“Nope. Fucked you yesterday.”

She laughed, but it was high and breathy and clearly the laugh of a woman about to be impaled on an enormous virgin Werewolf cock. In her opinion, anyway. “That barely counted.”

“I disagree, but if that’s how you feel, we’d better make it count now.” He kissed her cheek, then her neck, then her ear. And then he whispered, “Say you want me, Chas.”

She remembered the last time he’d asked for that, and how she’d been too confused to give it to him. She wasn’t confused anymore. Turning her head to meet his gaze, she said, “I want you.”

He kissed her, slow and hot and heavy. As his tongue invaded her mouth, his cock thrust deep inside her, and she saw stars.





“You,” Luke choked out helplessly, “are heaven.”

Chastity laughed, even as she arched beneath him. He hadn’t been joking. She was heaven: strong, soft, sweet, and his. He pumped into her gorgeous, gritting his teeth against the dizzying pleasure, recalling everything he’d ever learned about pleasing his mate—both through research and their recent, practical application. He released her arse to slide a hand beneath her body, his fingers searching out the swollen nub of her clit. When he rubbed gently as he rocked into her, she moaned, her cunt tightening around him.

Well, fuck. That was the last thing he needed. He was on the edge already, the base of his spine tingling and his balls aching and his heart pounding desperately against his ribs. He was determined to cling to this impossible pleasure, at least long enough to make Chas scream. But God, she felt good. Every time he retreated, her cunt drew him back, her slick heat setting his every nerve ending alight. When he thrust deep and felt her open for him, all soft and wet, it stole his breath.

He buried his face against her throat as he fucked her, something primal inside him rising to the fore, something even more raw and animalistic than the beast she’d teased last night. He thrust faster, deeper, branding her the way she did him, his need for her a frenzy that heated his blood.

The harder he rutted against her, the more she moaned, until finally she gasped out, “Luke!” in a way that spoke to his soul. Then he felt the walls of her pussy fluttering around him, massaging his cock so beautifully, he almost came on the spot.

And then she bit him, and he did come.

Her teeth sank into his forearm in a way that should’ve been impossible, or would’ve been, if it weren’t for the intent behind the action. The sensation, combined with the feel of her beneath him, tore away his control, tore away everything.

He came with a roar, releasing deep inside his mate, the pleasure overwhelming. But not so overwhelming that he could resist the compulsion to mark her in turn, to sink his teeth into the smooth curve of her shoulder and lap up the crimson rivulets that spilled out from the punctures he’d made. She shuddered beneath the bite, heat no doubt zipping through her as it had him.

And then it was over, and had just begun.

After what could’ve been a moment or a sizeable slice of forever, Luke dragged open his heavy lids and looked down at his mate. His mate. His overworked heart broke into a song and dance routine. A grin spread over his face, echoed by the tiny, satisfied smile on hers.

He liked that smile.

Luke shifted a little, so his weight wasn’t crushing her, but he gave up barely an inch of skin-to-skin contact. He couldn’t. He needed it. He needed Chas.

Nuzzling her cheek gently, breathing in her addictive scent, he closed his eyes and sank into sleep. But, just before peace swallowed him whole, he heard her murmur.

“I can’t hunt because a witch attended my birth and predicted that my first kill would rip out my heart.”

That shocked his eyes open for a moment, despite the post-mating exhaustion dragging him into unconsciousness. He studied her face, which was impossibly peaceful—except for the smear of his blood on her lower lip.

Suited his bloodthirsty sweetheart. Still, he licked it softly away.

“Everyone thought she meant that literally,” Chas went on, her eyes still closed, every part of her practically glowing with contentment. Which was exactly how he intended to keep her, always. “But I’m starting to suspect that she was being all romantic and metaphorical and shit. Because if I were like my sisters, I’d have been there last month. And—”

“And if I’d come face to face with my mate in that situation,” he said slowly, “I’d have been shocked. Might’ve tipped the balance. You might’ve killed me.”

“And you are my heart, so I would’ve harmed myself too.”

Luke smiled, his beast painfully smug In all fairness, the man was smug too. “See. Mates are fated. And… I’m your heart, huh?”

“Surprise,” she whispered.

He nipped playfully at her ear, his finger tracing the mark his teeth had left in her shoulder. It had already stopped bleeding, as it should, but he felt the crescent-shape of tiny wounds and looked forward to seeing them every day of his life.

“Here’s another surprise,” he whispered back. “I love you.”

She snorted softly, clearly trying to hide a smile. “That’s not surprising at all. You’re a Were and I’m your mate.”

“It’s not just that.” He snuggled closer, nuzzling her throat, his beast melting before her in a puddle of adoration that he’d find pathetic if he didn’t feel exactly the same way. “You’re not only my mate. You’re my huntress. And you caught me, body and soul.”

She blinked up at him, her gaze suspiciously bright. Then, a smile on her face and a tremor in her voice, she whispered, “Want to know my deepest, darkest secret?”

Hope bloomed in his chest. “Of course.”

“I love you, too.”

THE END





Thank you for reading Mating the Huntress. It would mean the world to me if you could share your thoughts about it by leaving a review. Word of mouth is an author’s best friend.





* * *



Don’t want to miss my next release? Join my V.I.P. list for updates. You’ll get two steamy romances for free!





* * *



Become a V.I.P.





* * *



Love,

Talia x





Author’s Note





I wrote a Christmas novella in 2017 and it was so much fun. It gave my mind the refresh it needed and brightened up the gloomy English winter. So this year, when I found myself particularly excited for Halloween, I thought—why not recreate that magic? Why not try another holiday novella, this time for spooky season? And here is the result.

This is my first published PNR, and it was so ridiculously fun. Yet again, it reset my authorial brain just when I was at the edge of burnout. As someone who grew up obsessed with Buffy and Xena, I’m slightly obsessed with righteously violent women. And who doesn’t love a sexy monster? (Lots of people, I’m sure, but lets gloss over that.)

Mating the Huntress will always have a special place in my weird little heart. I truly hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.





Acknowledgements





Thank you to my boyfriend, who, instead of confiscating my laptop when I broke my own rules to write this book, said, “Sounds pretty cool, actually,” and proceeded to mind his own business.

Thank you to Em Ali and Zahra Butt for editing my thinly-veiled Buffy fanfic (JK, pls don’t sue me) into something useful.

Thank you to Ellen Baier, Adina Taylor, Rosa Giles and Jhenelle Jacas for supporting a messy little musher of words like me.

Thank you.





Also by Talia Hibbert





THE PRINCESS TRAP

He’s reckless, dominant and deliciously dirty. This prince is no fairytale.





* * *



WANNA BET?

She’s his best friend, his greatest temptation… and now she’s living in his spare bedroom.





* * *



A GIRL LIKE HER

Everyone has secrets. He wants all of hers.

Meet the man next door.





* * *



DAMAGED GOODS

They fell in love fifteen years ago and never quite fell out again…





* * *



UNTOUCHABLE

What happens when a bad boy becomes a man and a high school crush turns all too adult?





* * *



MERRY INKMAS

Can this tattooed beast charm his geeky beauty by Christmas Eve?





* * *



BAD FOR THE BOSS

Nobody denies the boss. Until her.





* * *



UNDONE BY THE EX-CON

To protect her brother, she’ll seduce the man she despises.





* * *



SWEET ON THE GREEK

This sports star’s never lost a game. Time to win his woman’s heart.





* * *



OPERATION ATONEMENT

Redemption ain’t all it’s cracked up to be. Download this novella free!





About the Author





Talia Hibbert is a Black British author who lives in a bedroom full of books. Supposedly, there is a world beyond that room—but she has yet to drum up enough interest to investigate.

She writes steamy, diverse romance because she believes that people of marginalised identities need honest and positive representation. Her interests include makeup, junk food, and unnecessary sarcasm.

And, as Talia would say... that's all, folks. Love and biscuits!

https://www.taliahibbert.com





