Evernight Publishing



www.evernightpublishing.com





Copyright© 2013 Kiru Taye





ISBN: 978-1-77130-503-7



Cover Artist: Sour Cherry Designs



Editor: Karyn White





ALL RIGHTS RESERVED





WARNING: The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. No part of this book may be used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews.



This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, and places are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.





DEDICATION



This story is dedicated to all the beautiful women with body issues and the fabulous men who love us, scars and all.



I want to give a special thank you to Doris, Michaela, Raven, Jennifer, Nana and Empi for reading the first raw draft and loving this story so much. Without your help I wouldn't have had the confidence to submit this story for publication.



To my readers, thank you for your support so far. I hope you'll continue to read as I explore the spicier and grittier parts of modern relationships in this new Passion Shields series. I love writing these stories. Enjoy reading them.



Love



Kiru





SCARS



Passion Shields, 1



Kiru Taye



Copyright © 2013





"I look forward to having you naked in bed tonight."

Benjamin's heavy voice whispered hot against the skin on the back of her ears. The image of her bare body sprawled against the Egyptian cotton sheets of their five-star hotel bed loomed large in Selina's mind. Sparks of arousal travelled down her spine to her very core.

"All your beautiful chocolate skin on display for me."

His hand stroked her thigh—slow, purposeful strokes, igniting into flames of desire that licked her sex, melting it like wax.

She bit her lip, holding back a moan as she turned her head, needing to see his face, taste his lips.

"Congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. Moss." The strange voice cut through the spell that held her. She looked up, and a guest stood next to their high table, his short glass of what looked like brandy raised in salutation.

Selina widened her smile in response and thanked him. She didn't recognise the dark-haired, olive-skinned man. He was probably one of Benjamin's colleagues or acquaintances.

"You made it, then, Juan." Her new husband stood. "Selina, this is Juan Roberto. He's part of Moss Star Security team."

Benjamin's words confirmed her thoughts.

"It's good to finally meet you." There was something of a knowing glint in Juan's eyes as he leaned in and gave her a brief kiss on both cheeks. With her senses heightened from wedding day excitement, his aftershave reminded her of sun-baked sandy shores and salty sea air.

"Thank you." She smiled and, as her cheeks smarted, wondered if there was any member of his firm who didn't know about her.

The two men continued in conversation, something about Juan returning from a trip providing security for a pop star on a live tour in Europe. Selina relaxed back into her chair as the men talked shop.

Benjamin owned a security firm that supplied bodyguards to high profile executives and celebrities in the UK and internationally. As a result, their wedding guests were made of gorgeous hunks of men built like armoured tanks and their equally beautiful girlfriends or escorts. She'd met most of them during the six months she'd dated Benjamin and had gotten the impression they were a close family.

The private banquet room, though small, was tastefully decorated—white brocade covered chairs and tables, thin-stemmed centre-piece flower arrangements, the red and black theme she'd chosen reflected in the colours.

They'd catered for fifty guests, small by African wedding proportions. She hadn't wanted a big wedding. Truth was, she would've done without a wedding at all. But under the circumstances this one was unavoidable.

Large crowds in enclosed spaces agitated her. So the smaller the group invited, the better.

Having to deal with people was nothing in the scale of concern compared to what she had to face up to later tonight in the privacy of their hotel suite. There were things she'd held close to her chest, things she'd hidden from Benjamin. Secrets she was afraid to share.

All your beautiful chocolate skin on display for me. Benjamin's earlier words came back to mock her. How was she going to get through her wedding night without him finding out she wasn't as beautiful as he thought?

Wine glasses tinkled; cutlery clattered on crockery. Laughter rang out, the cacophony of voices and music overwhelming. Flashes of images of a celebration from a distant past merged with the present—joyous laughter and rhythmic dancing. General merriment.

The rat-tat-tat of gun fire. Pounding boots on the hard floor. Terrified shouts. Menacing mirth. Faces contorted with malevolence.

Selina's mouth dried out. Pins and needles pricking sensations travelled up her arm. Her body flushed with heat.

"Are you still with me?" Benjamin's sonorous voice drew Selina's attention back from her day-dream.

Her chest constricted. Her corset felt as if it was cutting off her breathing.

"Breathe, Selina. Breathe."

The tone of his voice compelled her. She took a slow breath, drawing much needed oxygen into her lungs, held it and then let it out steadily. She repeated the process. There was no other way to breath in this stiffened garment.

His hand covered the back of her neck, providing a cool respite from the suddenly elevated room temperature. Memories of the past had her in its grip, unpleasant recollections that had her heart pounding with fear.

She tilted her head up and gazed into her husband's grey eyes. His dark gaze seemed to see so much, know so much. Concern etched lines on his tanned rugged face, his neatly trimmed beard the colour of chestnut, the same as the hair on his head.

His hold on her neck turned into brush strokes on canvass, light and erotic, his Da Vinci to her Mona Lisa, making her catch her breath as delicious tingles shot down her spine.

This was Benjamin. The way he always seemed to have her in an erotic bind whenever he was close baffled her. The tightness of the outfit she wore didn't help as it meant her exposed skin was more sensitive than usual.

He raised one eyebrow, drawing a response from her.

"I was thinking of another time and place." Even when she didn't want to talk, Benjamin had a way of making her answer his queries, silent or otherwise.

"You don't have to worry anymore." He kept his voice low enough so that no one else could listen in over the din of the music and chatter of the guests.

"I know. But I can't help it." She paused and took a deep breath to quell the tears that threatened to burst free. "I feel so guilty. All this while I've been here, getting on with my life, enjoying my life, and he's been there on his own without anyone."

She'd recently found out that the brother she'd thought had been killed was alive and living in Sierra Leone. Her only living relative. Another survivor of the war ten years ago.

"I think about all the things that could have happened to him..." Her shoulders shook as she shuddered in remembered terror.

Benjamin leaned in, his lips only inches from her right ear. "You're now my wife, and as I promised to take care of you and your brother, I will. Trust me."

That was exactly her problem—trusting people. Ten years ago she’d lost her faith in humanity and had never fully relied on anyone since.

Until she'd met Benjamin.

But it hadn't been easy. Initially she'd rejected his advances, afraid to give in to the intense attraction she'd felt for him. Still he'd been determined to prove to her that he was worthy of her confidence.

For her trust was a matter given in degrees, in increments of grey—neither white nor black. Never given fully, not even to the man she now called her husband. But she'd granted him some commitment. Otherwise, she wouldn't have married him.

Still, it didn't mean she was ready to give up control of her life totally to him. It didn't stop her from worrying about stuff and making plans.

The grey of his eyes turned to slate, hard and yet somehow fragile. In that moment she realized that her lack of immediate response was all the answer he needed. He read her so easily. Discomfited, she rolled her tongue across her lower lip, tasting her cherry lip gloss.

"I'm sorry, Ben." She turned her gaze away trying to avoid his. "Some things are easier said than done. I'll feel a lot more relaxed when Kaya is here with me."

She stared into the crowd. The guests were mainly his. She had invited only some close colleagues from the hospital where she worked as a pharmacist and the handful of friends she'd made since her arrival in the UK.

She'd struggled with the decision to get married. But she needed a safe and stable environment for her teenage brother. The authorities wanted to see it, too, before they would grant her the rights to adopt her own sibling. Ben had convinced her that marriage was the best option for realising it. Moreover, since he was a British citizen, it would make the process of bringing her brother to the UK easier.

Without another word, Benjamin stood. Christopher Star, his best man approached him. "What's up?"

Ben leaned over and said something to his friend in a low voice that Selina couldn’t hear.

"Right," Christopher said, his accent tinged with an Easter European drawl that had appealed to her the first time she'd met him.

"You're coming with me." Ben's fingers circled her upper arm, his grip rough and urgent, helping her up.

She glanced around, confused by his abrupt action. "What? We can't abandon our guests."

"We'll only be gone for a few minutes. Chris will cover for us if anyone asks."

He didn't wait for her response and tugged at her hand. Tottering on her stilettos, she followed him out into the foyer with the bank of lifts. When he pressed the button to call one she had to ask, "Where are you taking me?"

"There's something I need to show you in our suite upstairs."

The corners of his mouth lifted in a boyish grin as the lift doors opened. Her gaze fixated on his lips—sensuously full, they were a mix of firmness on the edges and softness on the inside—and she wondered if he would kiss her.

Her pulse rate skyrocketed as they rode up and he pulled her into the circle of his arms. He looked so handsome in his fitted charcoal suit, broad torso tapering at the hips. Leaning this closely to him, his taut muscles beneath the soft silk fabric offered protection as well as a glimpse of the possession to come. With her head on his shoulder, his all-male spice permeated her pores with every breath she took.

"You do know we can't leave our guests at the reception just for a quickie," she said. Tilting her head so she could see his face, she curled her lips in an I'd-like-you-to-take-me smile. Her womb contracted in agreement.

Truth was, she needed to get laid—the hot, fast, sweaty kind. Since she agreed to marry Ben they hadn't been together, not even for a hand job. The mad rush to organise a wedding ceremony in such a short period of time, his insistence for her to move her things into his waterside penthouse apartment in Chelsea, combined with a pretty hefty schedule at work for both of them had left little time for anything else.

"Who says we can't?"

He kissed her, a ruthless sweep of his tongue and demand of his lips. She clutched the lapels of his jacket, hanging on as sensation assaulted her.

Beneath her dress, her lacy thong got soaked as she squirmed against him. She'd worn the skimpy underwear to avoid panty-lines showing through her dress. Perhaps she should've chosen something sturdier like French knickers.

When he lifted his head, she was breathless, panting.

"Ben?" she asked when she finally got her voice back.

The dark colour of his suit emphasised the intensity of his eyes and complemented his tanned skin. With his South African heritage, his skin tone was always on the golden side, despite the recent bad weather and lack of sunshine.

"No. But I've got the next best thing for you."

They stepped out of the lift, and he opened the door to the bridal suite. She followed him in, heart pounding in excitement.

"By the time the reception is over, you'll be begging me to fuck you."

Heat flared on her skin and sent darts of fire to her core. Speechless, she just stood there by the sofa in the living room, staring at him as he disappeared into the bedroom. Rose petals lined the floor from the main entrance leading into the other room. She recovered her composure and followed the red trail.

They led to the bed with white sheets covered in more petals. The light sweet aroma of roses filled the air, uplifting and soulful. Ben came out of the closet holding a brown leather overnight bag.

"Did you do this?" she asked as her heart jolted and warmth bloomed around her chest. She hadn't expected anything romantic. Their wedding was more of an arrangement than for amorous reason. Yet Ben continued to surprise her.

The glorious smile curling his lips reminded her of a benevolent Greek god.

"For the right price, you can get anything you want," he said. "Moreover, I wanted tonight to be special."

She nodded and swallowed a lump in her throat, blinking back tears. When he was being this thoughtful, how could she resist him?

She'd asked him to keep things simple. He had in his own way. But he'd spared no expense with a wedding reception in a five star hotel in the most expensive part of London. And they would spend the weekend here, since they didn't have time for a full week's honeymoon somewhere else.

He placed the bag on the bed, retrieving a white tube she recognised as containing lube and a golden egg.

"What?" Her breath hitched, her eyes widening in recognition.

"Come," he said.

She went to him, her heart pounding against her ribs. He took her hand, pulled her to sit on the edge of the bed and squatted before her. Standing tall, he oozed strength and dominated any space he occupied, a leader among his peers. Yet, here he was stooped before her, his hands on her knees offering reassurance and safety.

Intuitively, he knew what she needed, when she needed it. More than anything else about him, his on-the-mark intuition had attracted as well as scared her when she'd first met him. She curled her hands into fists on her lap. It still frightened her. He had the ability to see through her protective walls into the dark recesses of her soul like Superman with his x-ray vision.

"Selina, you know I hate watching you all wound up and worried. This afternoon I took a vow to take care of you no matter what. Your experience with me so far should tell you that I never break a promise, right?"

"Right." She nodded and licked her suddenly dry lips.

"Then, you know that I have to do something to ease your tension. I brought this." He picked up the egg and held it in his palm as if in offering. "So we could play during our honeymoon. But we're going to use it now."

"Is that what I think it is?"

"If you're thinking it's a vibrator, then you're correct. You're going to wear it for the rest of the day."

"No way." She shook her head, but her body shivered in anticipation. She couldn’t spend the evening wearing a sex toy, and more to the point, being sexually aroused. What would people think of her?

"Yes, way." The wolfish curl of his lips and the intense determination in his eyes told her more than his words that he wouldn’t accept her rebuttal. "It's exactly what you need to relax you and take your mind off things."

"I don't know." She bit her lower lip. He was right. She needed to loosen up. She'd been so wound up earlier she'd had a panic attack. That wasn't good. But this?

"Do you trust me to do the right thing for you, for us?" His husky voice was cajoling, reassuring, telling her everything would be all right if only she would let go.

"Of course, but—"

"Then trust me now. Lift your dress up." His tone changed, brooking no challenge.

This is crazy. Still, she bunched her skirt up, lifting ‘til it pooled in a ruffle of black satin around her hips. When Benjamin spoke to her with that strong, demanding tone, she was compelled to comply. Moreover, it was easier giving in to this. Some other things were more difficult to yield.

The hungry way he looked at her before his cool hands caressed her thighs had her heart hammering and her red lace thong getting wetter. He traced the pad of his fingers over the stockings and garter she wore—her bid at a traditional wedding outfit. The rest of her dress was hardly the customary white.

Who ever got married in red and black satin?

She did. In her own way she marked the bloody tragedy that had ended her first marriage.

As if he could read where her mind was travelling to, Ben shoved her thighs apart, earning her attention once more. Any thought of objecting departed when his lips descended on the scrap of red lace covering her mound.

First there was the scrape of teeth and then the suction of his mouth that had her whimpering in surrender.

"Oh..." Her body arched off the bed, her elbows supporting her weight. The touch of his full, firm lips drowned her in sensory overload. Sensitive all over, she shivered as her desire spiked to boiling point.

"I had thought of preparing you with the gel..." Ben hooked his fingers around the straps of her panties and pulled them down. He lifted her right leg and hooked it over his left shoulder.

"But this is more fun and sweeter, too."

His lips returned to her damp core, and he dragged a lick from her opening to her swollen bud. He repeated that twice, thrice, the short hairs on his cheeks scraping her thighs as if marking her. The next day her skin would be raw, certainly, a reminder of this brief pleasurable interlude on their wedding day. For now she would enjoy it. Her breath shortened and sped up as her body raced towards an orgasm.

Fever swept over her. She canted her hips, and he moved with her. She rolled to the side, but he held her still, unrelenting.

She'd never known a man like Benjamin. A man who could decipher her needs even before she could vocalise them. A man who could take charge of a sexual encounter with precision without her directing him to suck her or hold her. Usually she was the one directing. It had been refreshing when she'd had her first encounter with him. He had seen her need instantly, the need to have a man take responsibility for her sexual pleasure. It was the only area she was willing to give up control.

His right hand travelled up her bodice and cupped a breast, squeezing through to her already puckered tip, zinging her body with electrical currents. The other hand cupped her round bottom. When his fingertip scraped her over-sensitised hole, the friction alone was enough to drive her over the edge.

Fuck! She mouthed in shock as the climax swept through her body making her shudder spasmodically.

"Soon," Ben said as he rose and gripped her nape with the hand that had been pinching her nipple, tipping her up.

His eyes shone with a roguish glint, and she realised she'd said the F word aloud. There was no time to be mortified at her crudity as he then covered her lips with his glistening ones. She tasted her musky essence in his intense kiss. Twisting against him, frenzied cries bubbled in her throat as another orgasm ricocheted around her body.

Gosh, she wanted him. How she wanted him, between her legs, pinning her down, his body a piston, ramming into her, fast and hard until this mighty ache abated.

He withdrew from her and walked away. Still shaken, she tried to catch her breath and didn't look up to see where he went. He had a damp face towel when he returned. Without saying a word he wiped her thighs and cleaned her up. Then he picked up the egg that had been abandoned beside her on the bed. He squeezed some of the lube on it.

"Spread your legs."

The order brought her back down to earth. She hesitated, biting her lower lip. What he wanted to do was a bit excessive. Her heart drummed against her ribs, with apprehension as well as anticipation.

She opened her lips and pursed them again. The expression of his face did not welcome an argument although he said nothing. His grey eyes were hard, studying her as if he knew already what she was going to do and why.

"Lina, if you're worried about the people out there, don't be. This is very discreet and doesn't make a loud sound. No one will know you're wearing it apart from the two of us. I will control the vibrations with this remote control."

He lifted the controller that looked no bigger than a key ring. His other hand stroked down her thigh.

"I promise you it'll be worth your while."

The thought of the egg sitting inside her all evening with no one else aware appalled and excited her at the same time. They'd played with sex toys before, but she'd never used one outside the bedroom and certainly not in public. She was no exhibitionist. Or so she thought.

Still, being with Benjamin made her want to explore things she'd never tried before, things that had lurked in her fantasies. He was making them real one encounter at a time.

For that she could hardly say no to him. With resolve, she parted her legs.

His eyes sparkled with approval. Somehow her heart felt lighter knowing he was pleased with her. He knelt on the bed before her.

"Wider."

She did, and he pushed the oval vibrator in. When it was seated within her already wet channel, he let the little string dangle out. He picked up her thong, sniffed it briefly and pocketed it. Her womb clenched just watching his arousing action. Then he helped her to her feet. She tottered on her stilettos as she adjusted her dress.

"Okay?"

"Yes." It felt strange having the egg inside her. She felt full. "I just need to get used to having it inside me."

He nodded. "I'm going to turn it on now."

She stiffened her body not sure exactly what to expect. He pressed a button on the controller. Her stance didn't prepare her for the gentle throbbing sensation. Her inner walls contracted. Her breath hitched.

"I'm going to keep it at a low setting for now. But I will vary it throughout the evening."

The thought of being constantly aroused set butterflies off in her stomach. "What if I ... you know."

"You can say the word, Lina. This is you and me. And life will be a lot easier if you hold nothing back from me. You can always tell me how you feel."

Easier said than done. Revealing her thoughts was not her strong point.

"What if I come? What if it's too much?"

"You're not allowed to remove it or to come." His eyes blazed with determination and desire.

Tilting her chin, he caressed her lips with his thumb in a gentle sensual way that was just Benjamin. He was skilled at combining the romantic and erotic gestures. His hand slid to her collarbone in feather-light touches. Beneath his fingers, her pulse jumped in recognition of his mastery.

"You look stunning. The sexy way this inflexible corset holds your body, the way it cinches your waist that I can almost span my hands around." He gripped her waist as if to prove his point.

"Even now, your skin is flushed, your breast threatening to spill out of the top. I want to watch you dancing, the gems on your black skirt catching the light and shimmering like fireflies against the dark night, knowing you're fighting not to come, knowing you're deferring to me."

The fluttering of butterflies in her stomach increased along with her heart rate. How was she going to cope? Though the vibrations were low, she already wanted to pull her dress up and get herself off. Worse, she wanted to grind herself against the elegant bulge curving his fly. Yet all she could do was nod.

"Later tonight, I'll give you all the release you need. Your orgasms are mine. Just as you are now mine."

That statement more than anything else he'd said today sent shivers of anxiety down her spine.

****

I don't know why I agreed to this.

Selina fought another wave of pleasure rippling within her core, drawing in a slow breath and blowing it out steadily to quell the orgasm that was just within reach.

It had been the same all night long. How she'd managed to get through the cake cutting and first dance without disgracing herself in front of the guests still astounded her. Though, Benjamin had always known when to reduce the vibrations, muting the sharp sensations when she was close to the edge.

Now seated back at their table, the setting was back to a low, even vibration, although each time she shifted her clit pulsed, which was why she sat so straight in her chair.

"I love the way you're sitting there, looking beautiful and elegant. The corset moulding your body, your skin with a slight flush, which I know is both from your arousal and from your anxiety." Ben's deceptively soothing voice was contributing to her state of stimulation.

She was concentrating so hard on not coming that she wasn't thinking of anything else. So he was achieving his aim of keeping her mind off her worries.

Except now, she was facing sensory meltdown.

"I love knowing I can bring you up to orgasm in just a few seconds or make you wait ‘til the party is over."

The vibration increased. Selina gasped softly and shifted in her seat, sending the pulse down her back crease. She gripped the edge of the table.

"Before we got married, I asked you to submit to me."

She looked across the table to make sure no one was eavesdropping on their conversation. Christopher was chatting with Lora, her friend who had also acted as her bridesmaid and witness at the registry. On the dance floor, the party was in full swing.

"I agreed. Didn't I?" She turned to look at him.

He nodded, but the glimmer in his eyes challenged her. "But you can only give me your full submission if you trust me and are honest with me."

She looked away, unable to meet his gaze. Cool fingers stroked the back of her neck before he gripped her nape firmly between his fingers and thumb. He turned her head toward him. When she looked up piercing dark grey eyes held her captive. She couldn't look away or not answer his unspoken question.

"I trust you, Ben." She did. To a degree.

"Then you'll have no problem sharing all your worries with me. You know you can tell me anything."

"I've been waiting to dance with the bride all evening." Christopher stepped behind their seats. "I know you're newlyweds, but I'm going to have to steal her from you."

Ben didn't take his eyes off Selina, but he nodded.

"Give her a good time." The sensual way he said that made her picture Christopher running his hands over her body and Ben watching on approvingly.

She mentally shook her head, wondering where the thought had come from. She should be thankful for the reprieve from Ben's probing eyes.

Ben leaned into her. "Relax and go with the flow."

Christopher helped her up and walked her to the dance floor.

"You looked like you needed rescuing." His black eyes were filled with understanding. "Care to tell me what's going on?"

Her lips lifted in a relieved smile. She'd met Christopher first at a club, and they had hooked up on a casual basis. She hadn't been looking for anything other than the occasional booty call, and Christopher was as laid back as they come. He just went with the flow.

One day, he'd told her about his friend who was interested in her. She'd agreed to meet Ben. The rest was history, as they say.

She shook her head. "It's nothing I can't handle."

He pulled her up close. His body was firm and fit like Benjamin's, but he wasn't her husband. The sensations between her legs moved from feather-light to throbbing. Her nipples puckered hard. She rubbed herself against him.

"You smell intoxicating." His deep voice whispered against her sensitive cheeks and added to the ache between her thighs. Her heart was thumping so loudly she thought Christopher would hear it.

She glanced over to where Ben sat. Lora was sitting in the chair she'd vacated chatting with him. But Ben was watching Selina, the shadows from the dimmed lighting turning the massive grin on his face wolfish, as if he knew exactly how much she was suffering dancing with his friend. As if he'd planned it that way.

Damn him.

"I noticed you chatting with Lora earlier. You fancy her, don't you?" She asked the question more as a distraction from the pulsing in her core than any real thought of her friend getting together with Christopher.

"She's nice," he said, his voice noncommittal.

"Nice ... is that all?" She leaned back so she could see his face.

Chris flashed a set of white teeth in a lopsided smile. "Okay, she's more than nice." He shrugged.

Her smile widened. "You do fancy her."

He twirled and pulled her back into his arms.

"Be gentle with her," she said. "She's on the rebound from her ex."

"I'm always a gentleman." He put his right hand over his chest, his expression of feigned pain. "Moreover, I'm still getting over you ditching me for Benjamin."

"If I believe that I'll believe anything." She giggled. "I'm the one who was cheated. I asked you for a threesome and never got it. Ah—"

As another wave of electrical sensation swept through her, she arched involuntarily bringing her body closer to Chris's until the ridge of a hefty erection brushed between her thighs. The combination of his voice and the vibration between her legs shot her arousal to dizzying heights. All she needed was a little more friction and she'd have a quick orgasm to take the edge off. That's all she needed. To take the edge off. Then she'd be able to cope with whatever Ben had planned for tonight. She darted her tongue out and licked her lips.

She ran her finger on his chest in a seductive manner. "And I say you owe me. How about some pre-wedding night excitement?"

Chris laughed, a low chuckle. "Benjamin will have something to say about that, don't you think?"

Still he didn’t step away from her. So she tried again. "He doesn't have to know, does he? Moreover, it's not as if this marriage is real, and it's not as if you and I haven't been together before."

She inhaled a deep breath. "I just need to take the edge off. Your fingers should be enough."

His expression became serious, almost stern, and he raised his eyebrow in query.

The vibrating pattern varied again. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and heat licked her skin. She let out a low moan and shut her eyes briefly.

"What are you wearing, Lina?"

"An egg." She kept her eyes closed.

"Sweet."

She didn't need to open her eyes to know that he had an amused glint in his eyes—his voice said it all. She opened her eyes anyway.

"Trust you to think it's amusing that he's got me behaving like a hormonal teenager." She pushed against his chest, breaking his embrace. "You know what. I don't need you. I've got my own hands."

She walked off, heading towards the nearest ladies’ room. Inside she leaned against the closed door and took a long ragged breath.

****

Ben watched Selina as she danced with his friend. Chris held her with one hand low on her back just above the dip of her spine and the other cupping her shoulder, close but not proprietary.

A pulling sensation in his gut made him aware he wasn't altogether overjoyed by that image.

Nonsense, considering Christopher was his best friend of many years and Selina was his wife of six hours and counting.

Minutes previously he'd been the one holding her intimately as they swayed together to the mesmerising sound of “All My Life” by K-Ci and Jojo.

He exhaled a shuddering breath, aware that his heart was pounding. Relief washed over his skin covering him in goose-bumps.

He was married to Selina.

He hadn't believed his luck when he'd watched her marching down the short aisle of the Registry Office at Chelsea Old Town Hall toward him.

She was beautiful. Stunning. Dressed in an outfit more suited for a catwalk than a wedding day—a red satin corset showing off beautiful caramel-colored shoulders and arms. The black ruffled lace skirt with jewels sewn into it trailed in a short tail and barely covered her feet, which were wrapped in red high-heeled diamante sandals.

The sight of her had snatched his breath away. He'd struggled to maintain his calm as his body responded as if he was still a teenager and not a full grown man who'd had his fair share of women.

His gut had tightened, and his mouth watered. How he'd wanted to taste her skin, to feel her softness against his body.

The curl of her lips as she smiled at him had been glorious. Behind the shy smile was a hint of coquetry.

Then again, there was no other woman like Selina.

From the first day he'd met her, he'd lost himself to her—heart, body, and soul. At the time she'd been dating Chris, if you could call what they'd had dating. It had been more of a friend-with-benefits relationship.

Chris had a carefree attitude to life. His insouciant friend wasn't ready to get serious about a woman. Selina had claimed to be happy with that.

Yet, Benjamin had recognized her need for something deeper and more fulfilling. When Chris had told him of her fantasy of having more than one man at a time, Ben had known he needed to act. He'd asked Chris to arrange the meeting. The ménage a trois she'd been expecting didn't happen that night. The dominant in him couldn’t allow it.

One day he would grant her wish when he'd earned her total submission. For now he needed to earn her trust and get her to share the nightmares that plagued her both during the day and at night.

Selina was a strong woman. A survivor. But something from her past haunted her. It lurked in the depth of her molten toffee eyes sometimes, though she tried hard to hide it from everyone.

He needed to make her realise he was no longer just anyone. He was her husband. He would protect her, with his life if necessary.

His nose flared, and he gritted his teeth.

If he found whoever had hurt her in the past, there would be breaking of bones. He wasn't very good at forgiving and forgetting.

Across the dance floor, Selina stormed away from Christopher, her hips swaying seductively as she walked through the door out to the hallway.

Perhaps teasing her with the vibrator and letting her dance with his friend had been a push too far. He suppressed a smile. He would enjoy taking her in hand if she'd disobeyed his instructions.

He stood up and walked toward Chris. It was time to find out.

****

What was the matter with her? Why was she allowing Benjamin and Christopher to rattle her? They'd always formed a formidable duo—like brothers-in-arms. Though she'd had a casual affair with Christopher, he'd had no problem introducing Benjamin to her. He'd claimed that Benjamin had wanted to meet her. She'd fallen immediately for Benjamin's rugged charm when she'd met him, although she'd resisted him as long as she could. In the end his relentless but controlled, assured way wore down her resistance.

Now she wished she had stuck to Christopher. He was a much safer bet. His laid-back attitude was a huge contrast to Benjamin's intensity.

Knocking on the door had her jumping forward.

"Selina?"

"Benjamin ... shit," she muttered low, her face heating up like a child caught with her hand in the biscuit tin.

"I'll be out soon," she said out loud.

"Open the door, Lina." The command in his voice couldn’t be missed.

She fumbled with the lock and pulled the door open. Benjamin's bulk filled the doorway, his expression unreadable.

"I was just freshening up," she said, feeling compelled to explain her actions even though he hadn't said a word. She couldn’t explain her sudden need to not disappoint him.

"Are you done?"

She nodded, and he moved back.

"Good. We're going to call it a night down here and head to the suite."

Her hands shook, but she wasn't sure if it was from trepidation or anticipation. She walked through the door. Ben laid his hand on her back at the dip of her spine as they walked back to the reception hall. They said goodnight to their guests and took the lift up the suite in silence.

Selina got more apprehensive when he didn't say anything. The silence lay heavy in the air. She hated it. The quiet was a more powerful tool than if he'd shouted at her. Her heart pounded with guilt.

"Nothing happened." The words tumbled from her lips, her nerves even more jittery.

"But you wanted something to happen."

"No."

"You propositioned Christopher," he said in a matter-of-fact tone and walked to the bedroom.

"Not really." She shrugged.

"Not really?" He turned then to look at her, his expression one of non-amused disbelief.

"Well, he was being Christopher, talking dirty. I just dared him to follow through."

"Even after I'd told you to wait for me. On our wedding night."

"Get off it, Ben." She couldn’t control her anger anymore. Her frustration. "You and I know this marriage isn't real. Look at me. I'm hardly the blushing bride."

Ben's heat reached her before he gripped her shoulders and pulled her back. Her bare shoulders and back burned with his heat. The ridge of his straining erection pushed against the soft curve of her plump bottom.

"Blushing or not, you are still my bride," he said, his tone calmer than she expected it. "For as long as you remain my wife, you will keep to the terms of our agreement in and out of the bedroom."

He ran his hands down from her shoulders, in a gentle stimulating caress, leaving tingles in its wake, down her arms and stopped at her waist pinning them there.

"Ben, I—"

"You promised, Selina. You promised to accept my terms in return for my help. Have you changed your mind? If you have, say so now."

He was giving her a way out. But in truth it wasn't an option she could entertain.

"No." She heaved a sigh. She was messing this up already. And it was only a few hours into their wedding. Even if it was a sham, she'd made him a promise. The least she could do was to keep it.

But her need to preserve herself—her heart—warred with her promise to surrender to him.

This was only temporary. She could do it.

"I'm sorry," she said.

He turned her around to face him and tilted her chin up. She stared at dark grey eyes filled with tenderness and lust. The stubble on his chin called to her soft palms. She would've rubbed her hand against his chin if he wasn't holding her arms to her side.

"I know how difficult it is for you to let go and trust anyone. But I know that deep down you crave my restraint, my dominance over you."

She made a sound in her throat, but he continued.

"It's there in the flick of your beautiful brown eyes when you stare at me when you think I can't see you."

She gasped softly.

"In the passive curve of your delicate spine, in the seductive sway of your rounded hips." As he spoke he ran his hands down her spine, hips and stopped on her bottom cheeks.

Her heart pounded loudly in her chest.

"You're a beautiful woman, Lina. I desire your body, your submission, and most of all your trust."

"I don't know what to say, Ben."

"Say nothing. For now, I want you to strip naked. When you're done, lie in the middle of the bed."

Without waiting for her response he walked out to the living room.

Strip naked. Selina stood paralysed with fear. This was the part she'd been dreading.

"Oh and if you're not undressed in two minutes, I'll be testing out the new paddle on the bedside on your lovely arse."

No way. He wouldn’t. He knew she didn't like pain. But sure enough there was a black leather paddle, soft rope ties, and a red silk sash.

Electrified, she reached for the zipper on her skirt and pulled it down, dropping the fabric in a pool at her feet. Next she unclipped her garter from her stockings and rolled them off along with her shoes.

She was naked except for her corset. As naked as she'd ever gotten with anybody, including her husband. She climbed onto the bed and spread herself flat on it.

Benjamin returned. He was also devoid of his clothing except for the charcoal trousers. His muscles rippled as he moved. She licked her lips, her mouth watering at the sexy sight.

"What did I tell you to do?" He stood at the edge of the bed but didn’t touch her.

"You told me to strip naked." She shifted, more anxious under his serious gaze.

"And you know you're already in trouble for your actions earlier."

"Yes, but—"

"Still you invite more punishment by disobeying me blatantly."

She bit her lip. "I can't take it off."

"You can't, or you won't?"

"I..."

"So you know what comes next."

"Yes," she said in a small voice, her body trembling.

"Pick up the paddle and bring it to me." He walked away into the living room.

Selina took a deep breath and rose. Though she was petrified, she picked up the paddle from the bedside cabinet. She had to be brave. Benjamin knew she didn't do pain. And he was never that harsh with his discipline. She could take it.

In the living room, she found Benjamin sitting in a straight-backed chair next to the mahogany writing desk. He took the paddle from her hand and pulled her across his lap facing down, her bum up in the air. The vibration of the egg stopped, but he didn't remove it.

Her breathing rate increased, and she stiffened her body, using her hands on the carpet to hold herself.

"You will feel better if you relaxed." His cool hand caressed her bottom.

Before she could react, the first sharp crack landed. Pain followed. She inhaled in a quick hiss. The second came on top of the first, spreading the sting. Her eyes watered. Each smack jostled the egg as it landed on a different spot. After the smarting of the third, she stopped breathing, waiting for each spank.

The pain triggered memories—ones she'd chosen to bury. They came to the surface now. And she cried silently, the tears flowing down her face.

The present merged with the past. All she knew was pain, sharp and bloody. Panicked she fought back at the hands holding her down, kicking out. There were hands everywhere, and she was cold, trembling, praying for death.

"You're safe, Lina. I've got you," a tender voice whispered. A soothing hand massaged her neck and back. "Breathe, darling. Breathe."

She opened her eyes and realised she was sitting on Benjamin's lap, his arms wrapped around her in a cocoon, her head on his chest.

With each new breath, his spicy smoke-wood cologne acted like a safe anchor grounding her back in the present, his strong arms chasing the nightmare of her past away. Finally she calmed, and her sobbing stopped. She inhaled deeply and exhaled in a shudder.

He leaned back and tilted her head up with one hand. On his other hand, he held a white handkerchief he must have pulled out of his trouser pocket. Cringing at what she expected him to see on her face—streaks of tears smearing her make-up, red puffy panda eyes, her vulnerability—she attempted to hide her face in his chest.

The pressure from the pad of his thumb on her chin increased, holding her face still. The smile on his face was tinged with tenderness. "You needed that."

She sighed and nodded, lowering her gaze. "I haven't cried in years, since..."

She didn't want to go back there, to that dark place. Still she accepted that the tension she'd carried all day was now gone. Lowering her guards and allowing Benjamin to take charge had brought her relief she hadn't been able to achieve by herself. She would admit that much.

He wiped her face, gently, as if she was crystal glass.

A sense of calm invaded her mind. She tipped her head back, letting out another sigh. For the first time in what seemed like forever, she didn't mind being fragile. She felt safe in her husband's arms. Right now she wanted to burrow in the cocoon and comfort of his strong body protecting hers.

"You don't have to be ashamed of crying. It doesn't make you any less strong or beautiful."

"I'm not beautiful. You haven't seen all of me yet."

"Is that why you hide behind the corsets? You think I won't find you attractive because of some blemish on your body. Am I that shallow in your eyes?"

She couldn’t miss the hurt tone in his voice. He had a point. Benjamin was one of the most intense people she knew. He took things very seriously and never got into anything lightly. The issue wasn't him. It was her.

She had worried about people looking at her with pity in their eyes if she showed any weakness. Yet, she'd just bawled her eyes out. The look of lust in his eyes had not faded. There was no condescending disappointment in his gaze.

Perhaps he would understand when he saw what lay beneath the bones of her corset. It was one way of testing the strength of his commitment.

"I'm the one who's shallow. I'm afraid the desire in your eyes will die and be replaced with sympathy. I don't want your pity."

He lifted her so she was standing on her feet. His hands wrapped around her waist. Firm lips pressed against the top swell of her left breast. Warmth flared on her skin.

"This afternoon, I vowed to worship your body with mine. I keep my promises, Lina." He looked up at her, his eyes filled with sincerity. She believed him.

"Will you show me?" His tone was firm and soothing. He sat back, and she missed his touch. She wanted his hands back on her body, soothing her, pleasuring her. The only way she would get it was to succumb and strip herself of her inhibitions. The corset was a symbol of the last of her control.

The initial design for her wedding dress had the laces for the corset at the back. She'd requested a change to front-fasteners, in her bid to retain control. She didn't want to have to ask Ben to help her loosen it.

Inhaling a deep breath, she reached for the first of the fasteners with trembling hands and unhooked it. With the first one undone, it was easier to do the others. Her whole body was shaking when the final hook was undone. She gripped the edges of the corset. The hooks dug into her palms, hurting, but she ignored it. Inhaling a deep, slow breath for courage, she gradually drew the ends of the corset apart, revealing her torso to Ben.

"Who did that to you?" His voice was encased in steel.

She glanced at him sharply. His gaze was fixated on her abdomen where she was sure he could see the criss-cross of ugly dark scars.

He glanced up and met her gaze. His eyes were dark with anger. "Tell me who dared to mark your body, so I can find them and make them pay."

"I don't want to talk about it," she said in a choked voice.

Turning away, she ran into the bedroom. The sound of his frustrated growl echoed in the room. She climbed onto the bed and lay on her side hugging her knees to her chin. Trying to blank her mind off, she squeezed her eyes shut, rocking her body from side to side. She didn't want to think about the past. Not now. Not ever again.

Firm hands massaged her back and her leg—slow, firm strokes interspaced with light, feathery ones—arousing feelings that had cooled. Gently he coaxed her until she lay on her stomach, her head on a pillow facing away from him. He pulled the egg out and tossed it aside. She gasped as her body missed the fullness.

He massaged oil into her skin, soothing her raw bum cheeks. The calming scent of lavender and camomile transported her to a green meadow on a summer's day with stems of flowers swaying in the breeze.

The darkness of her mind slowly dissolved. Soon the tension on her shoulders and her agitation turned to serenity, and before she drifted off into a light snooze, he covered her with a bed sheet.

The sound of crockery jangling on metal woke Selina. She stretched out and opened her eyes. The bedroom was dimly lit with just the one side lamp on.

"Congratulations to you and your wife," someone said from the other room.

"Thank you." Ben's low deep voice came from the sitting room.

"You're welcome, sir. If you need anything else just call the front desk."

She sat up. The cool air on her body revealed her nakedness. For a brief moment, panic swirled in her mind. She yanked the sheet up to cover her chest and swept her gaze across the room for her clothes. Her gaze found the paddle now back on the bedside cabinet.

She remembered, bowing to Ben's paddle and stripping off her corset, being vulnerable and Ben taking care of her need.

She didn't hear the concierge leave. Nor did she hear Ben return to the bedroom. The skin on her arms tingled. She raised her gaze to the door to find him there, his broad, toned, tanned upper body leaning against the frame, dark brown short hair trailing down sinewy arms, his hands shoved in his trouser pockets, hiding long fingers she'd rather have tracing every curve on her body.

The intensity of his dark gaze snatched her breath away. Her skin flushed. Instinctively her fingers clutched the sheet tighter.

"Are you back to hiding your body away?"

It was a simple question. So why did it sound like a reprimand?

"No." Her bum still ached from the paddle. She didn't want another round. She released the sheet. It dropped down to her thighs.

"Good." His smile of approval filled her chest with warmth, pleasing her. He strode to the bed and sat on one end. The mattress dipped with his weight.

"I love looking at you. Get on your hands and knees."

The effect of his complimentary words surprised her. She wanted to be on display for him, needed to have his eyes worship her body, knowing that he genuinely desired her, scars and all.

She lowered her hands and took up the position with practiced grace. Well, as much grace as she could muster when all her body was bared and under her husband's scrutiny. And desires. She clutched the sheet to hide the fact that her hands were trembling with anticipation.

With the pad of his fingers, he trailed a heated path from her shoulder to her back. She closed her eyes and sighed, tuning in to the sensations he elicited from her body.

"We don't have to talk about your past tonight." He continued his sensual caresses, over her sore bottom and tracing the crack between down to her slit. Her inside walls contracted in expectation, and she bit her lower lip.

"But I have to tell you that I want you the same as I've always wanted you."

He drew her left hand and placed it over the ridge of his erection. It felt huge, and a smile tugged her lips. She turned her head. He had a twinkle in his eyes, but it was pure desire. No pity.

"Of course, if you'd rather sleep tonight—"

"No way." She sat back on her haunches. "You've had me on edge all evening long with that damned vibrator inside me. You owe me a damned good fucking."

He flipped her over before she knew what'd hit her. The quick hard smack on her bottom resounded in the room inflaming her already raw behind. She wouldn’t be sitting much tomorrow.

"You'll get a damned good fucking when I say so, woman." He flipped her over again. "And I need to stuff your mouth. You're getting too lippy."

She licked her lips, and he chuckled.

"For the rest of the weekend, you're not allowed to put on any clothes, except when we're out of this room or there's someone else in here."

"What?" She frowned. Her body issues weren't just going to disappear at a flash. "Why?"

"Do I need a reason?"

The smirk on his face challenged her to dispute his words. She'd agreed to accede to him, accepting the terms of the arrangement. One of which stated that her body was his to command as he pleased.

"No," she said, gulping down her unease. As long as she could cover up in the presence of others, then she could live with putting her body on display for him for the rest of the weekend.

"Moreover, it pleases me to see you exposed to me. Just me."

The contracting ache between her thighs confirmed that her body wanted to be displayed to him, even if a part of her mind rebelled against it.

He reached across and picked up the black soft rope. With it, he bound her entire body in an intricate weave. The way the rope wound around her breasts and abdomen made her feel like a precious parcel, his to keep safe and treasure, down to the pattern crossing each thigh and lower leg.

He placed a pillow beneath her head for support, and she knelt on the bed, bound hands crossed on her back, knees apart, her arse and sex exposed to him.

He stood beside her. This close, the bulge in his trousers was so close, yet so far away as she couldn’t touch him.

"Beautiful," he said in a voice thick with lust.

The pads of his fingers trailed a path down the spine of the rope over her spinal column down, past where it held her arms to the crease of her bum. Tingles spread on her skin. Her womb contracted. She winced when he palmed her exposed, sore butt-cheek.

He disappeared out of her line of sight. When he returned the red silk sash was in his right hand. Her heart thudded in her chest. She swallowed to hide her rising agitation.

"Sit up."

Holding her shoulders, he helped her raise her head and straighten her back. She knelt before him, her breasts pushed out by the cross-over rope design. Shibaru. That's the name he'd called it the first time he'd bound her so intricately in his apartment. She remembered asking Ben once where he'd learnt such a beautiful skill with a rope, and he'd said the army. Somehow she hadn't thought that a Japanese art form would be taught to South African soldiers.

"Your trust is the most important gift you can give me." He brushed back strands of her hair that had fallen to cover her face. "But I realise that it will take a while for me to earn it. So we're going to take it a step at a time."

She swallowed again, her stomach churning. She knew what he was getting at but couldn't stop her apprehension. The idea of being blindfolded, so that she couldn't anticipate what he was going to do to her and when, both terrified and thrilled her at the same time.

The first time he'd wanted to use the red sash over her eyes, she'd point blank said no. She couldn’t bring herself to give up that much control to him. She'd been afraid of breaking down before him, of letting him see her so vulnerable.

Now, he'd seen her at her most vulnerable, physically fighting the nightmare of her past and bawling like a baby. She'd never been that unguarded before anyone else. And her world hadn't bottomed out.

Perhaps this was the time to take the next step.

"From the way you're watching me I guess you know what's coming next. I know the last time you weren't ready, but it would please me immensely if you are ready to try this now."

He was doing that thing again with his voice. The reassuring, enticing quality back again. It was the voice that could defuse an explosive situation. The one that was telling her to take another step forward in their relationship, to yield and trust him.

"Are you ready for this?"

She swallowed but still said, "Yes."

He nodded. "As always, you should let me know if you want me to stop for any reason."

He leaned in and placed the sash over her eyes, wrapping it at the back of her head. Darkness pervaded around her. He moved away. Her body lost the heat, and she missed him.

She listened out trying to figure out where he was and knowing the pile of the carpets would muffle his bare footsteps.

Hearing nothing except the pounding of her heart, she licked her lips, her mind warring between anticipation and trepidation. Was he still in the room? How long would he leave her like this, bound intricately and on her knees? She shifted to get more comfortable on the bed, but she couldn't pull her thighs together because of the way the rope was wound around her legs.

The tinkle of crockery informed her he was back in the sitting room. Curiosity made her inhale deeply so she could figure out what meal he had ordered. They'd eaten dinner with their guests at the reception hall. Feeling peckish, she wouldn’t reject a snack.

His scent, the mix of smoky cologne and all male spice that was pure Ben invaded her nostrils. She drew in a deep breath, her nerves calming. He was back in the bedroom.

"Open your mouth for me."

She did as he instructed, and he placed something on her tongue. She closed her mouth and allowed the taste to sink in. First the texture was creamy. Perhaps cream, perhaps cheese. She wasn't sure. Yet as she chewed, she felt the crunch of biscuits. Then came the sweet acidic taste of fruit.

"Do you know what you're eating?" The sound of his voice was warm and sensuous.

"Strawberry cheesecake?" She loved strawberries, and by default any dessert made with the fruit.

"Close. On the menu, it read 'Strawberry parfait with Vin Santo, mascarpone and biscotti'."

She mewled. His low chuckle made her chest bloom with warmth. She loved the sound of his laughter.

Cool glass touched her lips. She opened them, and he tipped the glass. She inhaled an aroma of ripe pear. The popping sounds of tiny bubbles filled the air. The liquid filled her mouth, and she tasted apples and citrus. She rolled it around her mouth before swallowing, loving the flavour.

"Champagne," she said with a smile after it had gone down her throat.

"Well done."

He continued feeding her, spooning in the dessert, she licking the spoon clean each time before he gave her a sip of champagne.

Just simply letting go and being fed by him relaxed her. She gave in to the sensual play drowning in the flavours and scents. He started using his fore finger to feed her. Each time she wrapped her tongue around it and licked it clean.

Some cream touched her cheek. His hot breath whispered against her cheek before his warm tongue laved the spot.

Strong fingers wrapped the hair at the nape of her hair tugging her head back. Then he was kissing her, his lips possessing, his tongue invading. He tasted like heaven, and she moaned into his mouth. He stopped, withdrawing.

"You've been a good girl." He loosened her arms from behind and rubbed them to get her circulation flowing again. Slowly he tipped her back, and she allowed him to lay her back to the bed. He secured her hands on the spindles of the headboard.

"And I'm going to give you what I promised you."

Her womb contracted, gushing wetness. He must've noticed with her thighs spread out leaving her sex to his view. The light pressure from the pad of his fingers on her clit made her jump with the unexpected sensation before she lifted her hip to feel more of his touch.

What she'd been waiting for since he slipped that vibrator into her slit. All she needed was more friction, more of his hand, working her body like he was so good at doing. The fever of orgasm built within her, winding her body taut, so she'd be flying off the edge.

"You won't be coming until I'm buried deep inside your sweet pussy."

She groaned in frustration when the feel from his hands stopped. The metallic clank of his belt buckle and the swish of fabric sliding over indicated he was taking off his trousers. Finally. Her heart pounded in her chest. She had to stop her body from squirming visibly in excitement.

Then he was on top of her, his heat surrounding her, his flesh against her flesh as he explored her body with his lips, starting from her neck, a nip here, a lick there, a suck elsewhere.

Her breasts and her belly received special attention. He worshiped her like she was a goddess, kissing every one of her scars. By the time he reached between her thighs, her body was trembling, her bud throbbing. All it took was the flick of his tongue on her swollen nub, and she was fighting to stop herself from disintegrating in the most intense orgasm ever.

Then the broad head of his erection was pushing against her wet slit. He shoved inside her, filling her, stroking her, her pleasure rising again. First he was excruciatingly slow and steady. She pleaded, her shame at begging him dissipating.

Then he increased the tempo, pounding into her body like she'd imagined, taking her back to dizzying heights. This time she came apart, screaming his name. He wasn't far behind her, and they rode the waves together. She blanked out.

When she came to, Ben had untied her hands and removed the sash covering her eyes but left the rope around her body. She couldn’t believe how intense her orgasm had been. Her body still trembled.

As he spooned her into his body, she whispered in a croaky voice. "Thank you."

"What for?" he asked as he nibbled her ear.

"For giving me the most intense climax ever and for still wanting me regardless. I feel so light, like a heavy weight has been lifted."

"That will never change."

She let out a soft sigh, content in his presence and promise as he nuzzled her neck.

"And actually, I lied when I said I didn't want you to wear anything all weekend. There's something I'd like you to wear." He leaned across and opened the side drawer. He withdrew a long black velvet box that spanned his palms.

Her heart raced as she wondered what jewellery was inside it. Apart from her wedding ring, he hadn't given her jewellery before.

He opened the lid, revealing a platinum link charm bracelet with one charm attached.

She gasped. "It's beautiful."

"Not as beautiful as you." He smiled. "But close."

Lifting the bracelet out, he put the box away. She saw it then. The mini red corset attached to the gift. Tears welled in her eyes. She understood the significance.

"I actually thought about buying you a collar."

She frowned. She didn't want a collar.

His lips curled in a smile. "But I know you're not ready for it."

She met his intense gaze filled with determination. Then it clicked in her mind. Ben understood her a lot more than she'd given him credit for. He would never force his will on her. Her heart clenched.

"This bracelet signifies our commitment to each other and that you belong to me, temporarily at least. For as long as you wear it, you are under my protection, and I will fulfil my promises to you."

He paused, held her gaze as if reading or waiting for her to say something. But she had no objections. In her heart she knew he would keep to his word. He wouldn't fail her. She could trust him. For that reason she would wear his bracelet with pride.

"Do you accept to be mine, Lina?"

"Yes." She smiled up at him, her eyes filled with tears.

He took her hand, kissed her knuckles before hooking the bracelet on.

"For each layer of your shield you let go, I'm going to add a charm to the bracelet. One day, your heart as well as your body will belong to me."

He turned her face and kissed her. She succumbed to his power. At this rate, her heart would be his sooner rather than later. One thing was certain, married life would be fun after all.



The End





www.kirutaye.com





Other Books by Kiru Taye:



www.evernightpublishing.com/kiru-taye





Read on for a sample from Chapter One of Secrets, part two of the Passion Shields series by Kiru Taye.





SECRETS



Blurb:



Her body is his to command, her heart his to win.



Selina Moss bared her body to her husband and allowed him to see her and touch her like no one else has ever done. When a member of the family visits, she realizes there is still so much about her husband she doesn't know.

Benjamin's remorse about his family history drives his actions. Selina is his present, and he'll do whatever it takes to protect her from being contaminated by his past, including revealing the shame that burns his soul.

But for Selina, finding out about Benjamin's past means investing emotionally in a man who's only going to walk away once their temporary arrangement comes to an end. Is she ready to bare her heart to him along with the secrets of the past?





Chapter One



"Wake up, beauty." Benjamin's alert tone penetrated Selina's sleep.

She stirred slowly, her body weighed down, languid. The aroma of dark roasted coffee beans wafted around her, alerting her brain. She lifted her eyelids and blinked a few times.

Sunlight streamed in, the black heavy curtains pulled back. A light breeze coming through the open balcony door lifted the white sheer curtain beneath. Cool air kissed her shoulders and face. She dragged the bedcovers up, burrowing deeper.

At the soft hissing sound of a door opening, she rolled onto her back. Her husband walked out of the walk-in closet. Half-naked, he stood in the middle of their master bedroom in a pair of charcoal chinos, his bare torso and arms a golden beacon drawing her waking desire.

Her breath caught and held for the briefest of moments, her pulse skipping a beat, both standard rising responses these days to seeing Ben in any state of undress.

Instead of giving in to the flare of arousal in her veins, Selina shifted, lifting her body into a sitting position, her brows pulled together in a frown. Something was wrong.

In Ben's hand a sky blue shirt he'd just unwrapped from the laundry service dangled, the clear branded cellophane scrunched and tossed in the waste paper bin in the corner.

Looking over his shoulder, his gaze met hers, and the corners of his grey eyes crinkled, his lips curled in a rare smile she never tired of witnessing. He must have seen the question in her expression because he said, "I have to go into the office this morning."

Her gaze fell away to where her fingers now clutched the white bed sheet almost defensively, and her shoulders slumped.

"It's Saturday." And play day, she omitted from saying, disappointment tugging in belly.

After an initial reluctance, she'd come to look forward to their weekend ritual. The pressure of her job working as a senior pharmacist in a hospital meant that some days she felt like a bottle of shaken fizzy drink waiting to explode as soon as someone opened it.

Play days were her opportunity to unwind and de-stress, a safe environment where she didn't have to be in charge, where she could trust Ben to take care of her needs. The routine had become as much a part of her survival mechanism as sealing the memories of her past.

"I know. Moss Star provides a 24/7 service." His massive shoulders lifted and fell in a shrug.

Letting out a soft sigh, Selina nodded.

Benjamin ran his own business. Unfortunately, it meant that he sometimes had to work at weekends or be available to his staff. And though they were married, it was still just a temporary arrangement she'd agreed to because of her brother. Her needs were secondary to Kaya's and Ben's.

Yet as much as she tried to rationalize his reason in her mind, her stomach churned, the disappointment souring her mouth, turning to anger in her veins. After years of surviving on her own, she should've known better than to rely on anyone but herself.

In the past month, she'd come to depend on Benjamin, to need the comfort of his dominance, the mastery of his touch, the pleasure of giving herself freely to him. She'd let her guard slip, handing her scarred body into his care, trusting him to see all of her and not just her physical blemishes, to protect her.

It had been a mistake. Starting now, she would remedy the error by finding another way to relax today. She didn't need Ben. Or anyone else.

Swinging her legs over to her side of the bed, she prepared to stand.

"Stay right there," Ben said in his usual deep voice. Despite the calmness to his words, she didn't miss the order.

Instinctively, traitorously, her body stilled, an almost natural response to his command. Her mind rebelled, her anger still riding her blood with each beat of her heart. Lifting her head, she glared at him, her obedience tottering on razor-thin wires.

"What are you doing?" he asked, the warning in his cool voice apparent.

In a heartbeat his smile faded, and his lips flattened, the grey of his eyes marbling, the muscles of his arms bunching. He held her defiant gaze and raised it like in a poker game, challenging her to take it one step further into outright disobedience.

Could she dare to call his bluff?

Mentally, she calculated the distance between the bed and the adjoining bathroom. She could make a dash for it and rely on the safety of its enclosure. Since Ben had to go out, perhaps he would just ignore her. By the time he got home, her insubordination would be forgotten.





Evernight Publishing



www.evernightpublishing.com





