BECAUSE THIS IS FOREVER





Lena Hart





Sensual Romance





Secret Cravings Publishing

www.secretcravingspublishing.com





ABOUT THE E-BOOK YOU HAVE PURCHASED: Your non-refundable purchase of this e-book allows you to only ONE LEGAL copy for your own personal reading on your own personal computer or device. You do not have resell or distribution rights without the prior written permission of both the publisher and the copyright owner of this book. This book cannot be copied in any format, sold, or otherwise transferred from your computer to another through upload to a file sharing peer to peer program, for free or for a fee, or as a prize in any contest. Such action is illegal and in violation of the U.S. Copyright Law. Distribution of this e-book, in whole or in part, online, offline, in print or in any way or any other method currently known or yet to be invented, is forbidden. If you do not want this book anymore, you must delete it from your computer.



WARNING: The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to 5 years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000.



If you find a Secret Cravings Publishing e-book being sold or shared illegally, please let us know at publisher@secretcravingspublishing.com





A Secret Cravings Publishing Book

Sensual Romance



Because This Is Forever

Copyright © 2013 Lena Hart

E-book ISBN: 978-1-61885-927-3



First E-book Publication: October 2013



Cover design by Dawné Dominique

Edited by Lori Paige

Proofread by Renee Waring

All cover art and logo copyright © 2013 by Secret Cravings Publishing



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: This literary work may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission.



All characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.



PUBLISHER

Secret Cravings Publishing

www.secretcravingspublishing.com





Dedication

To my remarkable mother, Josette, for showing me what a strong woman looks like.



To my little sister/beta-reader, Thama, for helping me clear the bugs from this story (and keeping me company in that cold hotel lobby—‘til the wee hours of the morning!—while we did so).



To my older sister, confidant, and “twin”, San—thanks for keeping me sane.



To the close-hearted pessimist who inspired this story (true love isn’t just for fairytales!).



And finally, to all those still waiting for their own happily ever after...





The Cravings e-book Club

The Cravings Paranormal e-book Club



Have you heard about the newest idea in ebooks, the ebook club? Secret Cravings Publishing has started two ebook clubs and we invite you to become a member of either The Cravings e-book Club or the Cravings Paranormal e-book Club. Join now and get two books absolutely free!



As a member, you will receive Trouble With a Cowboy* by Sandy Sullivan and Forget Me Not** by Jaden Sinclair FREE, just for joining!



You’ll also receive 4 BRAND-NEW EBOOKS, specially selected by our Editorial Director, every month for a total price of only $9.99 for all 4. This comes out to barely $2.50 per book, much less than the retail price and you’ll be able to enjoy your books even before they hit Amazon or Barnes & Noble. We send your books before they are uploaded to the popular sales sites. One of several privileges of club membership.



*Trouble With a Cowboy, a western, erotic romance:

Can some slashed tires and an ornery bull bring two hard-headed people together for some fun in the sun and a little more?



**Forget Me Not, paranormal erotic romance:

A war is brewing, a war that could destroy an entire vampire race if left unchecked, and Julian Marino has been requested to participate in it. He stops his search for a long time friend to go home and discovers there is more at stake than just his wants.



As a member of the Cravings Club, you’ll receive 4 books in a variety of genres every month. We will try to match your books to your preferences, however, if you’re a major paranormal fan, I suggest you join the Cravings Paranormal Club. Everything is the same, 4 books every month for $9.99 except that 3 of your 4 books will be paranormal. The remaining book will be of a different genre.



As a club member, you will also receive:

· our monthly newsletter

· sneak previews of new books

· exclusive interviews with your favorite authors

· special offers not available to the general public



To join and tell us your favorite genres and heat levels plus which format works best for you, go to the Secret Cravings Publishing website (www.secretcravingspublishing.com) At the bottom of the page you’ll see a button for the club. You can sign up there and share your preferences for genre, format and heat level with us. You will be charged, automatically, through PayPal, only $9.99 every month. Your books will be shipped within 1 day after PayPal payment has cleared. You may cancel at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” button located on the Cravings Club tab at the bottom of our website and keep the FREE BOOKS as our gift.



We hope our Secret Cravings books will delight you each and every month.



Best wishes,

Beth Walker





BECAUSE THIS IS FOREVER

Lena Hart

Copyright © 2013





Her Decision





Chapter One



A single blue line meant she wasn’t pregnant. Two meant she was.

Dazed, Mia Trent stared at the two thin blue lines coming through the small window of the narrow white stick. This was her third test. She had used up all the pregnancy tests available in the small pink box, including the bonus one.

All three read positive.

Mia sat on the edge of the tub, not sure how to feel or what to think. She hadn’t planned for—

The loud knock on her apartment door jarred her out of her dazed thoughts. Oh God. Nate.

She had forgotten she’d invited him over for dinner tonight. Mia jumped up, stuffed all three tests back in the box, tied them up in the pharmacy bag then threw the bag under the sink.

The knocking came again. Mia rushed to the front of her apartment. She took a few deep, steadying breaths, trying not to look as frazzled as she felt, before undoing the locks.

At her doorway stood the love of her life. Nate McArthur. He was handsome in his black windbreaker and dark jeans. The drizzle outside glistened on his mussed chestnut brown hair, which added to his appeal. His dark brown eyes, however, were watchful and unwavering as he stared down at her. Nate had always been perceptive. Could he tell she was carrying his baby?

“What’s wrong?” he asked, his thick dark brows furrowing into a deep frown of concern.

Everything and nothing, Mia wanted to say. But she didn’t trust her voice to speak so she simply smiled, shook her head, and stepped back to let him in. Before she had the door closed, he pulled her into a tight embrace.

Burying her face against his chest, Mia wrapped her arms around his lean waist, holding him tight. She breathed in his light, intoxicating scent. His smell made her think of nutmeg and warm wood. A small smile graced her lips as the cocoon of his strong, inviting hold brought back a semblance of peace to her strained emotions.

“You sure you’re okay?”

Mia smiled brightly up at him. “Yeah, I’m better now.”

“Good.” He brought his mouth down to hers for a light, lingering kiss. His rich, heady taste always left her breathless and before it ended, she was gripping fistfuls of his coat.

He smiled softly and rubbed his thumb across her lower lip. “So…what’s for dinner?”

Mia looked up at him, contrite. She had promised him dinner tonight but had completely forgotten to stop by the grocery store. Instead, her mind had been preoccupied with her trip to the drug store.

Nate laughed at her guilt-stricken face. “It’s cool. We can go out. How about Josie’s?”

“No, no,” she said, pulling away from him. “I can whip something up. Just give me a few minutes.”

She preferred to stay in anyway and gather her courage so she could have her talk with him. Just the thought of broaching the subject left butterflies fluttering in her stomach.

Nate followed her into the kitchen. “Need any help?” he offered, leaning against the counter.

Mia looked up at him incredulously. He laughed, remembering, as she did, the last time he tried to make her breakfast. She now only had two functional burners to cook with because of him. He had offered to pay for the repairs but it wasn’t anything her lazy super couldn’t fix—whenever he decided to get to it.

She scanned her fridge and cabinets but found nothing that would make a decent meal. Her food supply was pathetic. She pulled out what provisions she did have.

“Okay, this is it,” she said, holding up the pack of cheese and jar of peanut butter. “Grilled cheese or PB and J?”

Nate contemplated it for a second, making as if she’d posed him with a difficult question. “Grilled cheese,” he finally said. “And make mine a double.”

“You got it.”

Mia whipped up a few simple grilled cheese sandwiches. He helped by pulling off the wrappers from the cheese slices.

“When are you leaving for California?” she asked as she prepared the sandwiches, needing to temporarily distract her mind from the conversation they would soon have.

“Wednesday,” he said then shot her a crooked grin. “The invitation is still open, you know.”

Mia’s lips quirked up. Nate had wanted her to come on his business trip with him so they could extend the trip and spend the weekend on the California coast together. His invitation was sweet but he’d forgotten to factor in her work and responsibilities.

“And what do I tell my boss?”

At the mention of his father, Nate lost his smile and she instantly regretted bringing him up. She hated when he got that cold look in his eyes. Nate always seemed to withdraw whenever she brought up his father, Charles McArthur.

They had only been dating for six months, though she had seen him at the office occasionally when he’d come to visit his father. At first she had thought he hadn’t particularly liked her since he had always been abrupt and cold toward her. But then she had soon discovered he got like that whenever he had to deal with his father.

It had been during the company Christmas party that she’d found out how much he liked her. With stolen mistletoe, Nate had cornered her in a secluded area and kissed her until she had no breath left. She had thought it had been a silly and romantic gesture but he had certainly gotten her attention. A soft smile touched her lips at the memory.

After that night, Nate had been relentless in his pursuit. At first she had avoided him, because his father was her boss but he had been so outrageously flirtatious and handsome, it had been hard not to let herself get swept away. Though she had been uneasy at the idea of them getting together, she was glad she had ultimately given in. He made her happy.

“Finals are also coming up,” she added. “I can’t afford to miss any more days.” Especially not after the week she’d taken off to celebrate his thirtieth birthday this past April. “Maybe next time,” she offered.

“Yeah, maybe,” he said with a listless smile, not looking at her.

Mia sighed, unsure about her next move. Though they’d decided to be discreet about their relationship, the past six months had been an intense, all-consuming one and somewhere during their time together, she had lost her heart to him. They may have moved fast in their relationship, but there was a connection between them she had never felt with another man ever.

When the sandwiches were ready, they moved to the living room where they sat and ate in silence. She had found some leftover chips to add to their basic dinner and he seemed to be enjoying the plain meal. Mia leaned against the other end of the small sofa with her socked foot draped over his lap, smiling as she watched him. He had removed his jacket and his lean muscular frame was well defined in the simple black T-shirt. The soft, orange of the table lamp accentuated his Black Irish features. He seemed perfectly at ease sitting here in her small, modest apartment. Despite his affluent background, Nate didn’t flaunt his wealth. Though she loved how he took every measure to minimize the social class lines between them, none of that mattered to her. She loved him, not his things, and he knew that.

Yes, he knew she loved him. She had told him twice, though both times had been after their lovemaking. He hadn’t returned the words but she wasn’t discouraged because he showed her in so many other ways. Their relationship had taken on a new heightened intensity she couldn’t explain. He had to feel the same way about her even if he wasn’t ready to say the words.

He glanced at her when she continued to stare at him, her half-eaten sandwich growing cold on her plate.

“What?” he asked. “Do I have crumbs on my face?”

Mia smiled softly and shook her head.

“Then why aren’t you eating?” he asked. “It’s actually pretty good.”

She laughed. “You can’t go wrong with grilled cheese. Well, maybe you can.” She laughed louder at his embellished hurt expression. “I’m teasing you. It’s sexy when you try to cook.” She put her plate down and turned back to him. “I’m just not that hungry,” she said. I’m actually feeling a little nauseous. But she couldn’t tell him that. Not yet anyway. Her stomach clenched at the thought of their impending discussion.

Nate finished the last of his sandwich and she got up to take their plates into the kitchen. She started washing the few dishes they’d dirtied, not wanting them to sit overnight, which would happen if she didn’t get it done now.

As she rinsed the last dish, Mia jumped when strong arms suddenly wrapped around her middle.

“Sorry,” Nate whispered into her ear. “I didn’t mean to scare you. I thought you heard me.”

She turned off the running water and leaned against him. “No, I was lost in my head. What did you say?”

Nate leaned down and kissed her on the back of her neck. Mia shivered. No matter where or how many, his kiss always left her lightheaded.

“I asked what’s for dessert,” he repeated, kissing her again.

Mia turned in his arms, laughing. “That’s so cliché, you know.”

“What do you mean?” he asked with mock disbelief.

She rolled her eyes. “Oh, please. You say ‘what’s for dessert’ then I say something ordinary and then you say something cheesy like wanting me for dessert.”

He looked down at her, thoughtful. “Hmm, that does sound like something I’d say. But this hungry man could actually still eat.”

“Oh,” Mia said, a little embarrassed by her rash assumption. He was serious. Nate wasn’t a small guy and could honestly still be hungry. “Well…” she began lamely, “I don’t have anything else to feed you.”

Nate’s eyes sparkled. “Yeah, you do,” he whispered. He placed his hands on the counter to either side of her, trapping her between his solid frame and the sink. “I said I could still eat.”

Mia paused, confused. Then she laughed, recognizing the heated suggestion in his eyes. “You’re bad,” she murmured, shoving lightly at his hard chest.

He leaned in closer, his lips only a breath away from hers. “And you like it.”

The brush of his lips was searing. Mia fell against him, seeking out his warmth and the magic of his kiss. He tasted better than any meal she could have made. The soft bite of his teeth made her tingle all over. She hungered for more.

But the sudden rolling in her stomach took her by surprise. She shoved him away as the familiar clenching in her throat seized her. Bolting to the bathroom, she expelled the little food she had in her stomach. Ugh, how embarrassing.

Mia rinsed her mouth and splashed cool water on her face. The brown, narrow features staring back at her from the vanity mirror looked stark and miserable. With her hair pulled back in a loose ponytail, her dark eyes eclipsed her slender face. She looked as pathetic as she felt.

She emerged from the bathroom to find Nate sitting on the couch. He looked up at her, frowning with concern. “You okay?”

“Yeah,” she said, falling into the seat beside him. “I think I’m getting too old to eat such fine cuisine like chips and grilled cheese.” She leaned against his side and he wrapped his arm around her, placing a chaste kiss on her forehead.

“I thought that stomach bug was gone,” he said. She forgot she’d mentioned her bouts of nausea to him when they had begun. She had initially thought her sudden bouts of nausea had come from something she’d eaten. It was only recently when it hadn’t gone away and she had missed her last period that she had started to suspect.

“I thought so too,” she said simply.

“Do you need me to get you anything?”

She shook her head. “I took something,” she lied.

They cuddled on the couch, his arms wrapped tightly around her waist and she was content to just sit there, savoring his warmth. She only had tonight before he left for California for the rest of the week. She couldn’t wait until he got back from his trip to tell him, yet she was in no rush to have the conversation. This wasn’t something they’d planned and it certainly wasn’t something they had ever discussed. They often used protection but clearly their methods had not been successful this time around.

She could only hope he would be happy to find out he would soon become a father. Maybe even offer marriage. It was old-fashioned of her, but she would like to think that he wouldn’t want to raise a child out of wedlock. They had never talked about their future in that regard since their relationship was still budding and she hadn’t wanted to raise the subject prematurely. His parents, however, were married, although not quite happily, but Nate knew she valued stability and fidelity in a relationship.

“Nate?”

“Hmm?” he murmured lazily, rubbing his hands over her lower back. It felt nice.

She took a steadying breath. “Where do you see us five years from now?”

His slow movements stopped and his muscles tensed beneath her. After a short pause, he asked, “What do you mean?”

“I mean us, as a couple. Are we still together? Are we friends?” She hesitated before adding, “Are we married?”

He went rigid. The silence in the room was deafening. She pulled away from him and sat up to look at him. She wished she hadn’t. That cold, distant look was back in his eyes.

Her heart sank.

“Why are you asking me that?” he probed in a low voice.

The sudden change in him was alarming and for a minute she didn’t know how to respond.

“I…I was just curious. You know I love you, and I want to have a future with you.”

He leaned forward and ran his hand through his dark hair. He didn’t look at her when he said, “I’m not marrying you.”

For a moment Mia didn’t realize what she’d heard. Then his words sank in and a sharp pain pierced through her heart. He turned to look back at her and he must have seen the hurt in her eyes because his face softened slightly.

“It’s not that I won’t marry you,” he said. “I’m not marrying anyone. I’m just not the marrying type.”

“But I thought you…don’t you care about me?” She couldn’t ask him if he loved her. She refused to. If he did, it was up to him to tell her.

“You know I do. And I’m happy with how things are between us. Marriage will only mess things up. It certainly didn’t do any good for my parents.”

Mia looked at him searchingly, trying to understand the source of his bitterness. She didn’t know much about his family because he kept a lot of that to himself. From what Mia had gathered, his parents’ marriage had been one of convenience. Had they not grown to love each other? Nate had developed into a good man, with both his parents in his life, and she couldn’t understand why that wouldn’t be something good, something to vie for.

Besides, she loved him, and he had to love her too, so it would be different for them. Wouldn’t it?

“Don’t you want children?” she finally asked quietly.

“No,” he said without hesitation.

Mia looked away, her hopes and dreams shattering with that single word. How could they be so right for each other in every way but this? Tears gathered in her eyes but she blinked them away.

“But what if I got pregnant?” she whispered, turning back to him.

Nate regarded her with flinty dark eyes. “I won’t be forced into marriage.”

She winced at his curt tone then looked away. Mia took a deep breath and clenched her hands together to stop the trembling. Gathering her strength, she forced a strained smile on her quivering lips. “I would never force you to do anything you didn’t want to, Nate,” she whispered. “And I certainly wouldn’t trick you into marrying me.”

She glanced over at him. His eyes were intense and fierce but she held his hard gaze.

“So where does that leave us?” he asked quietly.

Mia stood up and went to grab his jacket. She was moving without feeling and grateful for the numbness that now encased her. She walked back to where he sat and held it out to him.

“Maybe we should take a break and think about what we want from this relationship.”

Nate looked at the jacket in her hand then back up at her. “So that’s how you’re playing it,” he said with a dry laugh. “I either promise to marry you or we’re through?”

“I’m not giving you an ultimatum, Nate. I’m giving you a choice.”

He bounded to his feet so fast she was startled into taking a step back. He grabbed her arm and drew her so close to him a pin couldn’t pass between them.

“Life’s not a fairytale, Mia,” he bit out inches from her face. “I’m not your Prince Charming and there’s no such thing as forever after. There’s only here and now.”

“It’s happily ever after,” she murmured absently.

He cursed then released her. He snatched the jacket from her limp hand and jerked it on. “Mia, do yourself a favor and get your head out of the clouds,” he snapped. “I know what I want, but I won’t be manipulated into having you.”

His words hurt because if he thought she would resort to such tactics just to keep him, he would be sadly mistaken. Obviously he didn’t know her as well as she’d hoped.

“Trust me,” she whispered, “you won’t have to worry about that.”

He stared down at her long and hard. Without another word, he slammed out of her tiny apartment.





Chapter Two



Nate had arrived in California in a bad mood and would leave it with a splitting headache.

He sat at the hotel bar, cradling his third drink between his palms. His trip to California had been a waste. The distribution company he had come to check out in the hopes of financing had turned out to be a bust. They were less structured and efficient than they presented themselves to be. Nate had canceled their final meeting and made arrangements to fly back to Chicago first thing tomorrow morning then meet with his father that afternoon.

Nate clenched his jaw tight. He hated being summoned and his father knew it. The first half of his life had been spent with a father who seemed to take pleasure in undermining him—when he wasn’t ignoring him—and with a mother who, when she was around, treated him like a burden. Nate eventually learned to keep his distance until his father demanded his presence or found some use for him.

Normally he would prolong his father’s request for a meeting, but since he was leaving California early anyway, Nate decided to get their meeting over with. But if he was completely honest with himself, Nate would admit that he craved to see her, which was really why he wanted to be back in Chicago.

Tonight, however, he wasn’t in the mood for honesty’s company.

She was the one who had given him the ultimatum, had suggested they ‘take a break’. Now she would have to be the one to come to him if she wanted them to be together.

He downed the rest of his drink and ordered another. His pathetic attempt to forget about Mia for just one night was not working. The more he drank, the more he thought about her.

So tonight, he would indulge.

“I won’t be responsible for what happens to you if you keep that up,” Fred Carlson said, staring pointedly at his drink.

Nate turned to his lawyer and longtime family friend with a smirk. “I thought I told you to take the night off, Fred.”

Fred sat on the stool beside him. “I haven’t taken a night off since I started working for you and your father. Why start now.”

Nate grunted. “Then in that case, have a drink with me.” Nate ordered two shots and slid one to the older man.

When Fred continued to stare at him in a way that made him feel like a defiant little boy, Nate raised his glass in salute and tossed back his drink.

Fred’s graying brows furrowed. “Nate, I’ve known you long enough to know you only drink like this after an argument with your father. But since you’ve been with me all day, there’s something else making you act like an ass.”

Nate turned away from Fred’s concerned face. Fred was the only man in his life that he had been able to count and rely on. At twelve years old, Fred had come into his life and shown him what it was like to have someone pay attention to him. He hadn’t looked through him or ignored him as his parents had. As Nate grew into manhood with his own dreams and ambitions, Fred had become his close friend and advisor and an integral part in helping him establish himself as an angel investor.

Fred had understood his need for independence from his father and the ‘family business’, and with Fred’s help Nate had gone on to make some lucrative investments. During this wasted trip, Fred had learned about a technology company that showed promise and could potentially be another profitable opportunity. An informal lunch meeting with the founder of Mercury Horizon was already scheduled for early next week.

But tonight, Nate didn’t want any advisement and he certainly didn’t need Fred to make him feel even more stupid then he already did. Stupid for thinking he could actually be happy.

“Are you and Mia having problems?” Fred asked. “I’ve been with you for two days and you haven’t mentioned her once.”

Nate didn’t want to talk about Mia. He couldn’t remember the last time another woman other than his mother made him feel…abandoned. He was hurt and the alcohol was a soothing, numbing balm.

“Good night, Fred,” he said, reaching for the untouched glass that sat between them.

Fred pulled it away. “It’s a wonder you and Charles don’t get along,” he snapped. “You’re as bullheaded as he is but more pathetic.”

Nate’s jaw clenched. Fred knew all the right buttons to push. Nate flashed his friend a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “And like him, I pay you for your legal advice. Nothing else. Certainly not any of your fatherly advice.”

Fred stared at him blankly and said nothing. Nate cursed. Even in his alcohol-induced state, he knew he had crossed the line. Fred and his wife had spent years trying to have a baby until they had eventually stopped trying. There had been a time long ago where Nate had secretly wished he’d been Fred’s son. Now because of his stupidity and careless tongue, he had unintentionally opened old wounds.

“Listen, Fred—”

“No, you listen,” he interrupted. “Want some legal advice? Here it is. Man-up and get over yourself. Whatever it is that’s bothering you, which I’m guessing is your girlfriend, you need to deal with it and quick. Either call her or get over her. Turning into a drunken ass isn’t doing you any favors, and it would be a damn shame to see what little you’ve built up go to shit because you couldn’t practice some self-control.”

Fred got up and slid the shot glass to him, the content sloshing dangerously close to the edge. “And that little legal advice is on the house,” Fred retorted as he walked past him.

Nate looked down at the brown liquid then pushed the glass aside as Fred’s parting words ran through his muddled brain. Fred was right. He had to deal with this or end up drinking himself into a stupor each night.

It had only been two days yet he missed her greatly. A part of him wanted nothing more than to call her, to hear her voice. Mia had been like no other woman he’d dated before. She was sweetness and sass all wrapped into a sexy, feminine frame. Despite her flair for the romantic, which he had found endearing on occasion, she had been his dream girl.

Obviously, what they had wasn’t enough for her though. He should have known she would eventually expect the white dress and diamond ring, but he had hoped she’d be more practical and sensible. They were happier than any married couple he knew of and she knew far more single and divorced people than he did, which should have been enough to show her the insignificance of marriage.

Her irrationality aggravated him. If she thought he’d agree to marriage and enter into the kind of arrangement his parents had been in for thirty years, she would be greatly disappointed.

In a way, it was a good thing that this all had come out now before he had gotten in any deeper than he already was, he reminded himself.

The numbness of the alcohol was wearing off, but he wanted nothing more than to rest his fuzzy yet crowded mind.

Nate paid his tab, leaving the still full shot glass untouched. He managed to make it back to his room without faltering, though it took effort. He and Fred had to be up early for their flight tomorrow, and he would have to think of the apology he owed his friend. But first, he needed to work on burying images of large chocolate brown eyes and soft, full lips to the deepest part of his mind.



* * * *



Mia bit down on her lower lip as she lay on the vinyl clinic bed, wearing nothing but the thin, pink gown the nurse had handed her. She waited for her doctor to probe her with the uncomfortable looking instrument. She looked away and her eyes fell on the illustrated poster of a woman in various stages of her pregnancy. The drawing had an image of what a fetus looked like as it developed each month. The image of the barely developed fetuses, with the underdeveloped features, held her captivated.

Was that how their baby looked right now? She unconsciously placed her hand over her belly. If she had to guess, she would say she was about six to eight weeks pregnant. It must have happened sometime during the week she and Nate had spent in Galena for his birthday. They had rented a vacation home and sometime during that week, they had made this baby. But Mia couldn’t regret that moment. It had been an unforgettable time that had resulted in an unexpected gift.

“This is an ultrasound transducer,” Dr. Erica Ellis explained, drawing her attention back to the long, white narrow device she held. “It’s used for transvaginal ultrasound, which is going to help us determine your due date and make sure everything’s in working order for you and the baby.”

Mia flinched when the doctor inserted the cold object inside her. She looked away, wanting more than anything for Nate to be by her side. Instead, he was two time zones away. Seeing as their relationship was coming to an end, what she wanted didn’t matter. A small part of her had hoped he would realize his mistake and come running back to her. Or at least call. He did neither. It was Thursday, three days since he’d left her apartment, and she was fast losing her illusion that he was interested in having a future with her.

Her throat tightened as sadness washed over her. What should have been a joyful occasion in her life only left her feeling miserable and alone. She had always dreamed of sharing this moment with her husband. To have him hold her hand, smiling with joy as they looked at their new baby forming. Instead, at twenty-four, she was facing motherhood on her own. No husband…no Nate. She couldn’t stop the sheen of tears that filled her eyes. Her mother had struggled to raise her and her sister alone and Mia had not wanted the same thing to happen to her.

“Mia? Are you okay?”

Mia nodded, smiling through her tears. “Yes. I think it’s just the hormones.”

Dr. Ellis nodded in understanding. The older, black woman was serene and graceful, her movements unhurried. Her black hair was pulled into a severe bun at her nape, but her smile was relaxed and gentle, which helped ease some of Mia’s discomfort.

“You hear that?” she asked in a whisper. “That’s the baby’s heart beating.”

Mia looked at the black-and-white grainy movement on the screen beside her. She held her breath and listened. At the sound of the soft, pulsing beat, her sadness and misery immediately fell away.

As Dr. Ellis walked her through every little movement, Mia stared at the small life form budding inside her. A life she and Nate had created. Though her heart ached for the man she loved, it also filled with a love so strong, a protection so fierce, it literally took her breath away. She would do whatever she needed to do for this baby.

Thankfully the invasive exam didn’t take as long as she’d expected and soon Dr. Ellis was done with her probing. Mia sat up, tugging the thin gown down. As she’d suspected, Nate had gotten her pregnant during their week together in Galena. She was about eight weeks pregnant and if everything went well, she would be holding her baby in her arms in January.

“You and the baby look to be in good health,” Dr. Ellis began. “But the first trimester can be the most vulnerable for new mothers so I want you to be careful.” The doctor ran off a list of foods and exercises she would need to begin doing then handed her a list of recommended prenatal vitamins. “If you have any questions, call me. Even if you start to worry or wonder about something, just call me.”

Mia nodded but at Dr. Ellis’ words, anxiety started to plant itself in her. Scenarios of all the things that could go wrong invaded her thoughts, and they all scared her.

Dr. Ellis must have sensed her fear because she patted her shoulder reassuringly. “I’m sure everything will be fine. You’re young and healthy. And you have a great doctor,” she said with a wink.

Mia returned her smile but it was halfhearted as the reality of her situation came crashing down on her. She was alone in this city and about to raise a baby on her own. Her only family, which consisted of her mother and little sister, were states away, and in no position to help her. She didn’t even think she would be able to continue working for Charles McArthur yet she couldn’t afford to leave her job, not now. And then there were her classes… A dull headache began to form and she closed her suddenly teary eyes.

“It’s too early to tell the sex,” Dr. Ellis said, trying to distract her. “But around your twelfth to fourteenth week, you should be able to know.”

“So I have to wait another month to find out,” Mia said, a little dejected.

Dr. Ellis laughed. “Believe me, the time will fly,” she said. “Are you hoping for a boy or girl?”

Mia thought about it for a moment and realized it didn’t make a difference to her. She was already fiercely in love with her baby.

“No, not really,” Mia replied. “But I did grow up with a family of women so I wouldn’t mind a little boy.”

“You may change your mind,” Dr. Ellis said with a grin. “I have three of my own and with my husband, it’s a wonder I haven’t pulled all my hair out.”

Mia laughed. “My mother just had me and my sister and she would say the same thing.”

“Hmm, then we might be looking at your little girl. I grew up with three older brothers and I sometimes wonder if my fourth child would have been a girl. But I’m not willing to take the chance of having to raise another little monster.”

They both laughed.

“Do you have any names picked out yet?” Dr. Ellis asked.

Mia nodded, a soft smile on her lips. She spent years thinking of her future family and had baby names picked out as far back as she could remember. “If it’s a girl, I was thinking of My-ee-ah but spelled M-A-I-A. That’s the name my mother originally wanted for me but supposedly the nurses got it wrong on the birth certificate.”

“Maia?” Dr. Ellis repeated, testing out the name. “Very pretty. And if it’s a boy?”

A boy that looked like Nate? Her heart lurched at the thought.

“I always liked the name Michael,” she whispered dreamily, already imagining a soft creamy brown faced baby boy with dark wavy hair. Or would it be curly? Mia shook her head, laughing at herself. Those little details didn’t matter. She just couldn’t wait to hold her baby in her arms.





Chapter Three



It was finally Friday and Mia was grateful the long, hellish week was coming to an end. It had been her most frustrating, draining week by far. The past few days she had found it hard to concentrate, even on the simplest of tasks, and making the most ridiculous mistakes, which Charles McArthur was not shy about pointing out to her. She nearly ruined his international travel plans for next week. There was an important summit happening in Belgium next week and he was supposed to arrive there next Tuesday. Instead, his flight itinerary had read he would be arriving in Chicago that day.

Mia was grateful the travel agency had called to confirm, which had given her plenty of time to fix her colossal screw-up. In the two years she’d worked for Charles, she’d made it a point to be extremely careful around him. He was a shrewd man who demanded excellence and Mia tried to meet his expectations.

It didn’t help, though, that her boss reminded her regularly of Nate. Just working with him, having to look at him every day, made her heart twist. Charles’ features were older, more mature, and his dark hair was peppered with grays, but the resemblance between him and his son was unmistakable. Only Nate’s eyes were less shrewd and his jaw less blunt. That, however, didn’t excuse her carelessness and Mia wasn’t surprised when an impatient Charles eventually voiced his irritation.

“Mia, what happened to my four o’clock?” he asked, hovering above her as she stared into her computer monitor. “I asked you to set that up two days ago.”

Mia scanned over her calendar, which toggled his, searching for the meeting she could have sworn she’d set up the night before. “I’m sorry,” she stammered. “It should be here…”

“Well, it’s not or else I wouldn’t be asking. Now did you schedule it or not?”

“I-I can’t seem to find it,” she replied helplessly. Then she found it and the breath was wrenched out of her chest. She had scheduled the meeting for the following Friday. This was the third time this week she’d misscheduled something. Only those other meetings hadn’t been quite so urgent. If Charles’ patience with her hadn’t already reached the breaking point, it would now.

“Mr. McArthur, I’m sorry but I just realized I have it scheduled for next Friday. I’ll send out a new invite now.” Though it would be a challenge getting anyone to a meeting a couple of hours before it was supposed to begin.

Charles let out a heavy sigh, his lips pressed firmly together. “This meeting is very urgent, and I need to have it today.”

“Yes, of course. I’ll start calling everyone on the list now.”

Unfortunately, Mia hit a roadblock. They were either not available, had other urgent meetings that conflicted, or had already left the office for the day. She called up other executive assistants and there was no room on anyone’s schedule to work around. Even Charles’ calendar was booked until six that evening.

If he expected her to pull a miracle, he was in for a disappointment. The earliest she could get his meeting scheduled was first thing Monday morning. Something he would not be happy about.

She stood in his office explaining that to him but, by the end, Mia couldn’t muster the energy she needed to care. Getting coffee, scheduling meetings, and booking travel were trivial compared to the issues swarming in her mind as of late.

“I invited my son to this meeting,” Charles said, displeasure evident on his weathered face, “but seeing as it’s not going to happen, you’ll need to call and tell him it’s been rescheduled.”

Mia froze as the bottom dropped in her stomach. She didn’t want to call Nate. She didn’t think she could force professional indifference in her tone. Not when she missed him so much.

But she didn’t need to.

To both their surprise, Nate walked into his father’s office just as she was thinking of an excuse to give Charles for the reason she would not be able to make the call.

She turned at the sound of his confident steps as he strode into his father’s office. They stared at each other and at that moment she forgot all about her boss.

Nate came to a sudden stop but his expression softened as he stared down at her. Her heart tingled and she exhaled, her lips parted slightly. He always looked good in a suit. Seeing him again made her acutely aware of how much she still loved and missed him. She wanted to go to him but held back. Not because of their one-man audience, but because she wanted him to come to her.

Pride was a traitorous snake. Even as it offered a small sense of righteous comfort, it camouflaged true desires and wants only to later strike the heart with poisonous despair and loneliness.

It was easier to uphold that pride when she wasn’t steps away from him. He started toward her, his eyes bright and intense. She inhaled sharply. But before he could reach her, Charles’ hard tone stopped him.

“Nathan, you’re early.”

Nate held her gaze for a moment longer before he turned to his father. “I thought you’d appreciate that.”

Charles looked from her to his son then back at her. His hard stare bore into hers and she had to glance away. Was she wearing her heart on her sleeve? Could Charles see? She hoped not.

“There’s been a slip-up so the meeting’s been rescheduled,” Charles said curtly. “But since you’re here, I might as well debrief you. Mia, be sure to add Nate to the meeting on Monday.”

She couldn’t yet find her voice so she nodded, not looking at either man. It was vain of her, but she suddenly wished she had worn something more alluring than the plain black skirt and light pink top. She jotted down the reminder in her notepad just to keep her fingers busy but couldn’t even read what she wrote.

“I also want you to send out a memo to everyone on the meeting.” Charles gave her the message and Mia tried her best to capture the essentials but she could barely concentrate. Nate’s eyes hadn’t moved away from her. Even as she jotted her notes down, she could feel them on her.

“Did you get all that?” Charles asked, breaking the invisible chain that kept her attention wholly bound to Nate’s very presence.

Mia nodded.

Charles regarded her intensely. “Then repeat back what I just said.”

Mia’s mind went blank. Humiliated by his request, she looked down at her notepad, trying to make sense of her writing.

“She’s got it,” Nate cut in, his tone hard. “Now let her get back to work.”

Mia glanced over at him, surprised but grateful to him for coming to her defense. She was used to Charles’ condescending barbs, and any other time she could have handled it, but not today. Not in front of Nate.

Charles shot his son a hard glare then let out a sigh heavy with exasperation. “Just make sure the meeting is on everyone’s calendar and the memo goes out tonight,” he said to her.

Mia cleared her throat. “Yes, of course.” She turned to leave. Nate’s eyes followed her every step toward the door. Those few steps felt never-ending but eventually she was out of her boss’ office—and away from those piercing eyes. She sat at her desk and tried to ease the trembling in her stomach.

It took a few minutes but the quivering eventually passed. She glanced at Charles’ closed door. She didn’t want to miss Nate leaving but she was called away from her desk and when she returned, she found Charles’ office door open and both men gone. Her shoulders slumped and she went back to her desk, trying to overcome her budding disappointment.

But her disappointment swiftly turned into alarm when she received a call from human resources. They needed to meet with her right away. Mia took a steadying breath that did nothing to relieve her anxiety.

This can’t be good.

And it wasn’t.

At five o’clock that Friday, she was fired from McArthur, Murphy and Company.



* * * *



“Mia, how could you let this happen?”

Mia held on to her patience as she sat beside her mother on the worn leather couch. With her feet tucked beneath her, she listened half-heartedly to her mother’s words, wondering if she made the right decision by coming to Detroit this weekend.

I can’t help that Charles McArthur is a bastard, she wanted to inform her mother. The disgraceful manner in which Charles had her terminated made her want to cry, punch, and vomit all at the same time. He hadn’t even had the decency to fire her himself. It was his company. If he didn’t want her, he could have at least told her himself and spared her the humiliation of hearing from HR that her inability to fulfill her job requirements were not measuring up to the company’s expectations. If their expectations were machine-like perfection then she certainly didn’t fit in.

“Mama, I’ll find something else,” Mia said, realizing she wouldn’t get the comfort or backing she had hoped to get from her mother. Yvette Trent was too busy lecturing her on life and responsibility. “MMC is not the only company in Chicago and I’m sure I’ll find something better. A place that respects and cares about their employees.”

Her mother huffed. “What have I always told you, huh? When you work for other people, they don’t care about your problems or your feelings. They’re running a business and you need to show them that you mean business.”

Mia sighed. She wouldn’t argue with her mother because no matter what she said, her mother would never understand. She believed working to support herself and her family was the most important thing in life. Though her mother hadn’t argued with her decision to go to law school, she would have preferred it if Mia had used her political science degree to find a steady job with a lucrative retirement package and savings plan.

“So what are you gonna do now?” her mother asked. “Have you started looking for work?”

“Well, I was fired yesterday,” Mia said, unable to keep the exasperation from her voice. “So, no.” Then she glanced away and stared down at her hands. “But they offered me a severance package,” she lied. “So I can afford to take a few days off.”

Lying wasn’t something Mia liked doing but she didn’t want her mother to worry. Yvette wasn’t making much from the health clinic where she worked but she would still feel compelled to lend her financial support.

“Why do you need time off?” her mother asked, incredulously. “You’ll have plenty of that if you don’t start looking right now. A job isn’t gonna just land on your lap,” she added, breaking into a fit of coughing.

Mia looked over at her mother with concern. “Mama, that cough doesn’t sound good. Have you been to the doctor?”

“It’s nothing,” she said, shaking her head. “Just a little phlegm. Don’t worry about me.”

But Mia was worried. It had been three years since her mother had been diagnosed with the rare lung disease, what the doctors termed pulmonary sarcoidosis. It hadn’t been fair since her mother hadn’t even been a smoker, but the doctors had stated there wasn’t a known cause for that type of lung disease. Unfortunately her mother’s case had also been one of the rare severe ones, but she had successfully completed her therapy and the disease had gone into remission. But Mia worried every time had the slightest cough. She had done her own research and had found that there was no real cure or treatment for the lung disease. It could either stay in remission or flare back up at any moment. Mia made a mental note to get her mother a doctor’s appointment. She didn’t want to have to worry about her too.

“Don’t look at me like that,” her mother said. “I’m fine. What I’m more concerned about is you in that city, by yourself, without a job.”

Mia shifted on the couch, drawing her legs closer to her. “Please don’t worry about that, Mama” she countered. “It was for the best.”

Mia had to believe that or let the thought of her sudden unemployment overwhelm her. Some time off would help ease her mind of all her recent stressors as of late, she repeated to herself. She would find something. She just had to stay positive. Before she embarked on the dreaded job search, however, she wanted to break the news to her mother—in person—that she would soon be a grandmother. She imagined her mother’s disappointment but soon it wouldn’t be something she could hide. Even now she was struggling to calm her queasy belly.

By dinner, it was getting harder for her to hide her nausea. And every time her stomach churned she thought of Nate. She had half expected to hear from him after yesterday, hoping he would reach out to her, but nothing. Her heart broke a little bit more with each passing day. She wondered if she had imagined the longing she read in his eyes when they’d been in his father’s office.

She didn’t have time to wallow in self-pity though. She had to come to terms with the fact Nate wouldn’t be holding her hand at doctor appointments. She wasn’t going to get the husband, the house, or the white picket fence. The sooner she accepted that, the better off she’d be.

“Mia, why aren’t you eating?” her mother asked.

Mia looked up from her plate and into her mother’s concerned face. Curry chicken was her favorite but just the smell of the spicy sweet sauce upset her stomach. Mia had to ask her mother to brew some of her special ginger tea but that didn’t seem to be helping her. She was starting to realize part of her upset stomach was largely due to her nerves. She was waiting for the right time to tell her mother about her condition.

“Mama, Mia’s not into eating curry chicken anymore,” Leah said, smirking. “She’s into shrimp or sushi or whatever it is that rich boyfriend of hers takes her to.”

Mia ignored her little sister, who thrived on trying to get a reaction from her. Though Leah was a few inches taller than her, they resembled each other in the looks department. Their personalities, however, were as different as the sun and the moon.

“I’m just not that hungry right now,” Mia said to her mother. She managed to swallow a few bites of her dinner to appease her until her mother brought him up.

“So how’s Nate? You haven’t mentioned him much lately.”

“He’s fine,” Mia muttered, concentrating on the food on her plate. Just the sound of his name brought on a wave of intense emotion. Her mother had never met Nate but she had spoken to him on the phone a few times, the first time when she had been stuck in Chicago during the holidays. Nate had been charming and courteous. Her mother had taken to him instantly.

Mia didn’t want to think about the time when the snowstorm had prevented her from traveling to Detroit to spend Christmas with her mom and sister. Since she had been stranded in Chicago, Nate had spent the holiday with her as the storm raged outside. It had been easy to forget about the rest of the world as they stayed, trapped in her small, warm apartment. That night she had given him her virginity and it had felt right.

Her sister, however, had gotten to meet Nate when she’d come up for a few days in March for a modeling agency casting call. Her sister had been embarrassingly obnoxious toward him during their one dinner out together but Nate had taken it all in stride, exuding the patience of someone dealing with a troublesome kid.

Mia ate enough to satisfy her mother then got up to clear the table.

“Leah, help your sister.”

Her sister huffed loudly and ungracefully rose from the table. Mia was packing the leftovers into the fridge when her sister dumped the dirty dishes into the sink.

“I helped cook so you have to do the dishes.”

“Whatever, Leah,” Mia called over her shoulder. She had hoped at twenty, her sister would have gotten a little less selfish and aggravating but that didn’t seem to be the case.

“Cool,” her sister said triumphantly. “Where’s your cell? I’m out of minutes.”

Mia sighed. She didn’t want her little sister going through her phone but she had learned years ago, when it came to Leah it was best to pick her battles.

“It needs to charge.” Mia had made the long drive only to have her phone die on her when she got into Detroit.

“Okay,” her sister said with a shrug. “I’ll charge it for you. Where is it?”

“In my purse,” Mia said absently. “But it’s dead,” she yelled out when her sister rushed out of the kitchen.

Mia was busy scrubbing and rinsing, she didn’t notice when her sister returned to the kitchen until she leaned against the counter next to her. Mia glanced over at her and asked, “Did you find it?”

“Yeah,” she said. “And I found these too.”

Gripped in her sister’s palm were Mia’s prenatal vitamins and the pamphlet she had taken from Dr. Ellis’ office. Mia dropped the ceramic plate into the sink and grabbed for the items her sister held. Leah snatched them back.

“Give those to me,” Mia said in a tight whisper as she advanced toward her sister. Her anger intensified at the mischievous smile on Leah’s face. Her sister pulled back the mini booklet and read the front cover.

“Pregnancy. How to keep you and your baby healthy and happy.” Leah looked over at her, wide-eyed. Her sister’s smirk was one of shocked amusement. “You can’t be… Are you… Oh wow, this is just too good! Little Miss Goody-goody here is having a baby!”

“Shut up!” Mia rushed to her sister, wrestling the items from her tight grasp.

Their mother burst into the kitchen. They immediately pulled away. “What is going on in here? Mia, turn off that faucet. Now what the hell is wrong with you two?”

“Nothing, Mama,” Leah said, grinning. “Mia was just about to tell you that you’re gonna be a grandma.”

Silence filled the kitchen as her mother and sister stared at her.

Mia leaned against the sink, the air rushing out of her. She looked at her sister, too astonished to speak. Leah shrugged. They had never been close. Their personalities had just been too different for them to ever be as close as she would have liked, but Mia never expected such vindictiveness from her sister.

Instead of the disappointment she had expected to see on her mother’s face, there was a sort of stunned disbelief. At her mother’s dazed, unwavering stare Mia glanced away, her shoulders slumped. At least now her secret was out.

“Mia, is that true?”

Mia closed her eyes, wanting to be anywhere but there at that moment. “Yes,” she whispered.

Her mother said nothing, but Leah wasn’t quite finished with her persecution.

“Can you believe this, Mama,” she said, breaking the thick silence. “All this time—”

“You can go now, Leah.”

“But Ma—”

“I said go.”

Leah dropped the medicine bottle and pamphlet on the counter and stormed out of the kitchen.

Once alone, her mother filled a pot with hot water and walked to the stove.

“I was going to tell you myself,” Mia finally said. “That’s why I came home. I wanted to tell you in person.”

Her mother gave no indication she heard her as she concentrated on peeling and crushing the large gingerroot.

“Mama, say something.”

Her mother dropped the contents into the boiling pot before turning to face her. “Mia, what I have to say doesn’t matter. What I think doesn’t matter either. What matters now is that baby you’re carrying.”

Mia looked down at her hands. “You’re disappointed, aren’t you?”

Her mother sighed. “I would be lying if I said I wasn’t. But I was in your situation at your age. My only hope was that you and Leah wouldn’t follow in my footsteps.”

Tears blurred Mia’s vision. “I didn’t mean for this to happen.”

Her mother softened and pulled her into a gentle hug. “I know, baby. But now, your life isn’t yours anymore. Everything you do from now on has to be for that baby.”

Mia knew that but having her mother say it gave it a finality that terrified her.

Her mother went to the cabinet and took down two mugs. “When is the baby due?”

“January,” Mia whispered. She watched as her mother poured the pale yellow liquid into them. Mia took the small, steaming cup her mother handed her and sat down at the small kitchen table. She cradled the warm mug, the heat soothing her cold, stiff fingers.

“So what’s your plan?” her mother finally asked, sliding into the seat across from her.

Mia looked up. “What do you mean? I plan to raise it, of course.”

Her mother’s dark brown eyes turned gentle. “I can see that. But how? You just lost your job and you’re so far away from us.”

Those facts already occupied Mia’s waking thoughts. They were a few of the many issues that kept her up at night. But her mother had raised her and Leah on her own and Mia could do it too. Just because she didn’t want to do it alone didn’t mean she couldn’t.

“You did it on your own,” Mia said. “So can I.”

Her mother shook her head. “I did it on my own because I had no choice. I don’t want to see you struggle like I did. Not when you don’t have to.”

Mia looked up at her mother, lost. “What should I do?” she asked softly.

“Does Nate know?”

Mia looked down at her steaming mug. “No,” she whispered.

“Why not?”

“It’s…complicated.”

“Only because you’re making it so,” her mother said with a heavy sigh. “I know you love him.”

Mia nodded, too emotional to speak. Her mother grabbed her hand and squeezed it.

“I could tell from the beginning, just by the way you talked about him,” her mother said. “And I was really hoping you wouldn’t get hurt, but men will be men, and you can’t love a man more than he loves you. He has to love you more, Mia, or else you end up with your heart broken.”

Tears began to flow down her cheeks. That’s where Mia had made her mistake. She had loved him so much and had fooled herself into thinking he felt the same way.

“I don’t know why you’ve decided to keep this from him, but you didn’t make this baby by yourself. The best thing for you to do is tell him and see whether or not he mans-up and takes responsibility.”

“And what if he doesn’t,” Mia whispered. “He already told me he doesn’t want kids.”

Her mother pursed her lips. “Then he should’ve thought about that before he stuck his penis in you.”

Mia’s cheeks burned with embarrassment. Her mother’s words painted a vivid image in her mind that made her want to find a box to hide in. Then take that box and bury it in a deep, dark closet.

“I’ve told you before,” her mother continued. “You can’t turn a cockroach into a prince. No matter how rich or poor, how educated or whatever, men cannot be trusted.”

It was true her mother had pounded that into her head. Not that her mother hated men, she just didn’t trust them. Mia didn’t remember much about her father. He had walked out on them a little after Leah was born and the burden had then fallen on her mother to become their sole provider. There were times Yvette Trent worked two, sometimes three, jobs to keep them comfortable. She couldn’t remember if her mother ever even dated. She had simply worked and taken care of her two daughters with a strictness that she deemed necessary for their own well-being.

But Mia had listened with one ear open. She had held on tight to her belief that true love still existed and had truly believed she would find it someday. Now look at me. Maybe Nate was right. It was time she got her head out of the clouds.

“If it doesn’t work out,” her mother said after a while. “Then you should think about moving back here.”

Her mother’s words gave her pause. She certainly didn’t want to raise her child on her own but she didn’t want to become a burden on her mother either.

Her mother must have sensed her hesitation because she added before Mia could say anything, “I would sleep so much better knowing you weren’t alone,” her mother said. “With me and Leah here, you wouldn’t be. It’s either that or I’m moving to Chicago,” she added briskly.

Tears clouded Mia’s vision again and she didn’t know why. She laughed at her erratic emotions. Maybe they were tears of joy, but either way she was happy and relieved to have her mother’s support. “Okay,” Mia said, her voice thick with emotion. “I’ll think about it.”

But Mia didn’t have much to think about when she got back to her apartment. A pile of bills, ranging from utilities to medical, crowded her center table. She had forestalled her job search, wanting to finish out the semester, but now that classes were over, her bills were piling up and she didn’t even know where to begin.

Nate had made his point loud and clear. Two weeks had passed and still no word from him. It hurt her but Mia refused to let his callous attitude discourage her. She was prepared to raise her child as best she could, with or without him. She would have to put school on pause, which she didn’t want to do, but her baby came first. She fully intended to go back once her baby was born.

She had weighed her options seriously but it all led to one definitive decision. With Nate keeping his distance, and no job for her to get to, there was nothing tying her here. She would return home to raise her baby. She would miss Chicago as it had been her home these past six years, but she wasn’t prepared to do this on her own and she had more than herself to think about now.

Mia placed her hand over her belly and felt the firmness there. A fierce protectiveness overcame her. The reality that she was now responsible for another life changed everything. What she wanted didn’t factor anymore.





Chapter Four



He needed to see her.

It had been about two weeks, and Nate didn’t think he could hold out any longer. He didn’t care that she hadn’t called first. He just wanted to see her. Now that he was back from his fool’s errand—the global summit his father had insisted he attend—Nate was eager to get to the office.

When he arrived at McArthur, Murphy and Company, however, he was disappointed to find an older woman sitting behind the executive assistant’s desk. Nate strode into his father’s office and asked without preamble, “Where’s Mia?”

Charles looked up from the document he was reading. “Welcome back. How was your trip?”

Nate walked up to his desk but didn’t respond. Charles laid down the papers and leaned back in his chair. “Stop glowering at me and have a seat, Nathan.”

Nate fell into the seat nearest him. “Where’s Mia?” he asked again.

Charles raised a brow. “You seem awfully concerned about my former assistant.”

Former? Nate stared levelly at his father. So he knew. Now he understood why his father had sent him to a summit that had been more of a glorified networking event. Nate hadn’t gleaned anything resourceful for MMC.

“Did you fire her?” Nate asked, his tone devoid of emotion.

Charles cocked his head to the side and regarded him closely. “I don’t know what you and Mia had going on here, and frankly I don’t care, but you could do a lot better than a barely competent executive assistant.”

Nate’s jaw clenched. Charles McArthur was an unbelievable snob. He looked down his nose at anyone who didn’t fit into his social circle, but Nate had made certain no one at MMC knew about his relationship with Mia, particularly not his father. It had been more for her protection than his. If he hadn’t expected his father to make things more difficult for her, he wouldn’t have cared who knew about them.

Charles, however, had done more than make things difficult for her. He’d fired her for his own personal reasons. The company may have filed it as a lack of competence or whatever but Nate knew it had been largely out of spite on his father’s part. Nate hadn’t missed the look his father had given them when she’d last been in here and he hadn’t been able to tear his eyes away from her. She had been only a heartbeat away from him. Nothing had ever been more difficult than for him to hide his reaction behind his usually cool indifference and not reach for her.

“Anyway, I suggest you get her out of your system,” his father continued. “She’s gone now, and I don’t need you distracted.”

Nate’s eyes flared. His father was the last person who should suggest anything to him about his relationships. His marriage alone was a living disaster. “It’s none of your business who I’m seeing,” Nate replied coldly. “And if you fired her because of this—”

Charles raised a brow. “You’ll do what, Nathan?”

Nate fixed him with a hard glare. “I’ll make damn sure she sues the hell out of this place.”

Charles let out a harsh laugh. “Well, you can rest assured that I have enough to prove her incompetent. And besides, it wouldn’t be in your best interest to have a lawsuit on your hands.”

“What the hell are you talking about?” Nate asked, frowning.

Charles glare was sharp. “You will refrain from talking to me with such disrespect, Nathan. Like it or not, I am your father.”

Nate gritted his teeth. Not much of one. But arguing with him would be a waste so Nate left the words unsaid. His father had spent part of his life ignoring him until he’d eventually found a use for him. It was after he’d finished business school that his father started paying attention to him and pulling him into MMC business affairs. Nate, however, liked to keep his involvement minimal. He wanted little to do with his father’s company and there was an inherent determination in him to prove he could set out on his own.

His father rose from his seat and stood staring out the large windows. “It’s time you take your place on the board, Nathan,” he began. “I’ve allowed you to ignore your responsibilities long enough.”

“I don’t think so, father.” Nate said with finality. “We’ve already had this discussion before. I’ll step in as needed, but I’m not going to be stuck behind a desk working for you or anyone else.”

Charles turned to face him and the irritation was plain in his eyes. It was a look Nate was all too familiar with, but he refused to back down. Taking over his father’s company was not a part of his career plan. “You’re a McArthur. You wouldn’t have to work for anyone but you would work with me so I can groom you in running a real company.”

Nate clenched his teeth at the barb. “Whether my business measures up to your standards or not, doesn’t change the fact that I have my own responsibilities there. I don’t have the time or the interest to be here full time.”

His father observed him, his eyes curious. “Why not?” he asked. “I’ve seen you at work and there’s a shrewdness and competitiveness in you that reminds me so much of my own when I was your age. You’re a natural leader, Nathan. Your little investment company, though impressive, is just a hobby. You’re meant to run a company like MMC.”

Nate was stunned, though he wasn’t sure if it was more from what his father had said or because he had said it so matter-of-factly. Though it had been a throwaway line, Charles had never given him praise, indirect or otherwise, and Nate didn’t know how to respond. His irritating tendency to impress his father, however, was already swaying him to do what he had set out never to do.

“If I agree to do this,” Nate said carefully. “You’ll have to give Mia her job back.” When his father didn’t respond to the stipulation, Nate added, “If you want me, you’ll have to accept her. That’s the only way you’ll get me here.”

A cross between admiration and annoyance flashed in his father’s eyes but Nate didn’t particularly care. He was going to be with Mia, this time openly, and his father would just have to accept that. But first, Nate wanted to make sure he righted his father’s wrong. Though Mia had never told him, he knew she didn’t particularly enjoy working for his father but because she was putting herself through law school, she needed the job.

“Negotiating with your own father?” he finally said. “I knew you were a natural.”

Nate said nothing as he regarded his father, unwavering.

Charles sighed and walked back to his desk. He picked up the documents he’d been reading earlier and said without looking up, “Fine, but find someplace simple to put her. Maybe the front desk can use another receptionist.”

Nate gritted his teeth. Mia was smart and driven and it was obvious his father hadn’t taken advantage of that. “She was too good for you,” Nate blurted. As soon as those words left his mouth, the same thought echoed back at him. She’s too good for you, too.

Nate shook away the thought and without another word, slammed out of his father’s office, not wanting to acknowledge there may be some truth in that thought.

He drove until he eventually found himself standing outside her apartment door. The desire to see her was magnetic. He hesitated for the briefest of seconds before he gave the door two hard knocks.

A moment passed before she called out through the door, “Coming.” Another second and the door swung open. Too much time had passed between them and he wasn’t prepared for the relief and pleasure that filled him just by being near her again.

But the smile she had on her beautiful lips fell. Large, slanted dark eyes stared up at him and he couldn’t look away. With her hair pulled back in a messy ponytail, and her smooth, brown skin clear of makeup, she was still breathtaking. Only she could make cutoff shorts, fuzzy slippers, and an oversized sweatshirt look sexy.

“Hi.”

“Hi,” she whispered back.

He wanted to touch her but wasn’t sure how welcoming she would be to that. “What are you doing here?” she asked after a short pause.

Nate hadn’t planned on what he would say when he saw her but he had hoped by him making the first move, she would see how much he wanted to be with her. Instead she kept herself guarded, so unlike the carefree, open book she had been.

“You have your job back at MMC,” he said without thinking.

She looked at him puzzled then shook her head, frowning. “No thanks. I would rather eat snakes than work for your father again.”

“You wouldn’t work for him. I’ll find someplace better fitting for you to work in.”

“No thanks,” she said with finality.

Nate looked at her curiously. “So you’ve already found something else?”

She stared at him, her eyes direct. “Nate, why are you really here?”

He ran his hand through his hair, letting the subject drop. If she didn’t want the job, he wouldn’t force it on her. “May I come in?” he asked softly.

She hesitated, her eyes somber as if he’d posed her with a grim question, but then she stepped back so he could enter. She glanced out to the hall before shutting the door.

“Were you expecting someone else?” He couldn’t keep the hard edge out of his voice.

She nodded, walking around him. “My neighbor from 6C is supposed to bring me down some tape.”

Nate suddenly noticed the boxes and newspapers scattered around the apartment. “What’s up with these?”

“I’m moving,” she whispered.

Nate surveyed the apartment. The place was small but he had always found it cozy. Now with all her things scattered around, the apartment appeared smaller and crowded. Maybe a bigger place wouldn’t be so bad.

“Where to?” he asked, trying for light conversation and avoiding the one they actually needed to have.

She cocked her head to the side. “Do you really care?”

Nate sighed. “Okay, I deserve that,” he said, running his hand through his hair again. “I was an ass that night. I’m sorry.”

She was silent for a moment then nodded. “I’m sorry you were an ass too.” Her soft smile, however, took away some of the sting from her words.

“I’ve missed you,” he blurted.

Her eyes softened. “I’ve missed you too,” she whispered.

Her words gave him hope as a renewed sense of joy surged through him. “You know, I’ve been thinking about you,” he began. “About us. About hitting the reset button and having us start over.”

Her eyes glistened. “Do you really mean that?”

Nate couldn’t stand it anymore. He walked up to her and trailed a finger along her jaw. Her skin was warm and smooth beneath the pads of his thumb. “Yeah,” he murmured. “Being without you has been hell.”

He leaned down and captured her lips for a light, tender kiss. He meant for it to be brief but the taste of her was intoxicating. She was like sweet nectar and he couldn’t get enough. He was hard and hungry for her. He moved his hands down her waist and pulled her solidly to him, deepening the kiss. He tightened his hold as her slight tremors fueled his desire.

She brought her hands up to his chest but to his great frustration, she pushed away from him and took a step back. “Nate, wait,” she murmured thickly. “I have something to tell you first.”

Nate frowned, trying to clear the fog of desire that clouded his mind. Her tone said it was serious and his back went rigid. It was the same tone she had the night she suggested they ‘take a break’.

“What is it?”

Before she could continue, a loud knock came at the door. She rushed past him to answer it. From where he stood he could see a tall black man at the door.

“Thanks, James. I’ll bring back what’s left when I’m done.”

“Keep it,” the guy said with a crooked smile. “You won’t let me take you to dinner, so this is the least I can do.”

Nate walked up to the door, wanting to get a better look at this James who was boldly flirting with his girl. He also wanted James to get a good look at him in case he got any more ideas for dinner.

Nate stood directly behind Mia and the man glanced up at him over her shoulder. He lost his lopsided grin.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had company.”

Mia turned to follow the man’s gaze and bumped into him. She let out a startled ‘oh’ then made quick introductions.

“Hey,” James said in acknowledgment. Nate greeted him in kind. After a brief, awkward silence, James turned back to Mia.

“Well, I better run. But keep the tape,” he said with a wink. “Hopefully I won’t need to move again for a while. Just let me know if you need anything else,” he added.

Nate’s jaw clenched. This guy was annoying the hell out of him.

“Thanks,” Mia said. “I think I’m all set.” She shut the door and turned back to him. “Did you have to make that awkward?”

“Is he the reason you haven’t called me?” Nate asked drily.

Mia rolled her eyes and started back into the living room. She placed the bag James had handed her on the table then turned to study him, her expression stoic. “You made your choice, Nate. You left and stayed away so you can’t come here with your jealous boyfriend routine. You don’t have that right.”

Nate looked at her steadily. “Don’t I? You wanted a break so I gave you your space. I did call you last weekend, though, before I left for Belgium but when you didn’t answer…” He shrugged. When she hadn’t answered, he figured he must have misread her response to him in his father’s office.

She paused for a moment, a slight frown furrowing her brow. “I went to visit my mother last weekend and my phone died during the drive. You must have called then.”

Nate’s shoulders relaxed slightly. She hadn’t been avoiding him.

“Anyway, James actually works at MMC and dinner was going to be his way of thanking me for helping him find his apartment. But as I told him, tape will do. He’s not your competition,” she added quietly. She turned away from him and began rustling through the bag.

Nate walked up behind her and pulled her into his arms. Her light, sweet scent tickled his nose. “I’m sorry I wasn’t nice to your friend,” he whispered into her ear. She hesitated for a just heartbeat then leaned back against him, her hands resting over his crossed arms. He placed a quick kiss on the side of her neck. It felt good to just hold her in his arms again.

But hold her wasn’t all he wanted to do. He placed his hand under her sweatshirt and began inching it up.

“Nate,” she started, grabbing his hand, “before we hit the reset button, I have something I need to tell you.”

Nate groaned and pulled away from her. “Why do I have a feeling it’s nothing good.”

Mia turned to face him, a small smile on her lips. “Actually, I think it’s wonderful.” But the look on her face, the nervous tugging on her sleeve told him otherwise.

Nate braced himself. “Okay, let’s hear it.”

She hesitated, looking up at him with an odd expression on her face. Then she let out a deep sigh and her words spilled out in a long-winded rush.

“Nate, you know I love you, and even though you’ve never repeated the words back, I wouldn’t take them back. I’m actually glad you haven’t because I wouldn’t want you to parrot the words back to me if you’re not ready to say them. But even though I love you and always will, I need to know if you want me enough, if you care for me enough, to want a family.”

The muscles in his chest tightened as agitation and annoyance overwhelmed him. “Not this again,” he muttered sharply. “Why do you have to back me into a corner, huh? I care about you. I want you. Why can’t that be enough for now?”

She shook her head, looking away, her eyes bright but guarded. “Because it can’t,” she whispered.

A long and painful silence stretched between them. He didn’t know about love. Hell, he wasn’t sure he could love anyone. He never said those words to anyone, not even his parents. But he did know that he wanted her, wanted her more than he had ever wanted anything.

Yet what he wanted and what she expected were too far apart for them to find a common ground. And he wasn’t going to make promises he wasn’t prepared to keep.

“So that’s it?” he snapped. “I either marry you, have some kids, or we’re over?”

She stood there with her arms wrapped tightly around her center, saying nothing. Nate cursed.

“If I walk out of here,” he bit out, “I won’t come back.” Yet the thought of being without her, never seeing her again was almost unbearable.

“I won’t expect you to,” she whispered.

His frustration and resentment boiled over. Without thinking, he grabbed her and kissed her hard. The contact was short and thoroughly unsatisfying. He immediately released her, not sure why he had done it and disgusted with himself for letting his anger push him to doing it.

She took a step back, brushing her fingers lightly over her lips, a stunned expression in her wide, hurt eyes. He felt like shit. But all his regret and frustration didn’t change anything. It was time he stopped chasing after her like some lost puppy.

The tightening in his chest was still there and he let out a heavy breath. “I hope you find your fairytale ending,” he muttered bitterly.

She briefly closed her eyes and when she opened them, they were filled with such intense sadness he almost couldn’t stand it.

“And I hope you find someone to love,” she whispered.

He tensed but her eyes held no maliciousness or spite. Just a pain and hurt that he was sure mirrored his own.





Their Compromise





Chapter Five



Five years later



“Mikey, baby, it’s time to eat.”

Mia placed the small bowl of macaroni and cheese on the table as her son came running into the kitchen. He rushed to the table and with bright chocolate brown eyes, peered into his favorite orange bowl.

“Mommy, I said I wanted Cheetos.”

“Not tonight.”

Mikey pouted his small, round face. “Why come?”

“Because I said,” Mia answered, heading to the fridge. “Now apple or grape?”

“Grape!” he exclaimed, climbing up to his seat.

Mia brought the carton of grape juice to the table and filled his green plastic straw cup. She also filled the two tall cups on the table.

“Where’s your auntie?” Mia asked.

Mikey shrugged his small shoulders as he stuffed a spoonful of macaroni into his mouth. Some made it back in the bowl, some on his shirt.

“Leah,” she called out. “Dinner!”

Mia sat down at the table just as her sister came into the kitchen, still wearing her security uniform. Leah took one look at the table and sighed heavily.

“Really, Mia?” she said, curling her lip. “Macaroni and meatloaf again?”

“I’m trying to get rid of the leftovers,” Mia countered. “But if you want something else, feel free to make it.”

Her sister responded by falling into her seat and grabbing her fork without another word. Leah looked over at Mikey’s bowl. “Mouse, you’re still not eating meat?”

Mikey scrunched his smooth, light-brown face and shook his head viciously. Last week he had decided he was no longer eating meat so Mia made sure there was no meat in his bowl. She was used to her son’s quirky eating habits and didn’t make a big fuss when Mikey would pick a food group he no longer found appetizing. Two months ago it had been macaroni.

Leah pointed to his bowl with her fork. “You know if you keep eating all that cheese, you’re gonna really turn into a mouse.”

“Na-uh,” Mikey said around a mouth full of half-chewed food. “Mommy said that’s not true.”

“Mikey.” The one word followed by a stern look was enough to turn her four-year-old sheepish. He knew better than to talk with his mouth full.

“Sorry, Mommy,” he said after he had his food swallowed.

When dinner was over, Mia got up and began clearing the table. “Mikey, go get ready for bath time.”

Mickey scrambled out of his seat and ran out of the kitchen. When Leah started in the same direction, Mia stopped her.

“Aren’t you going to help me?” she asked, staring pointedly at the dishes she carried.

“I’m going to work,” Leah said as if it should have been obvious.

Mia looked at the clock on the wall. It was a little after seven. “I thought you just got in?”

“Someone just called out sick and they asked me to cover. Someone has to make money around here,” her sister said pointedly. “I’ll be back in the morning.”

Mia placed the dishes in the sink, trying to suppress her guilt. Leah had been a big help these past few months while Mia was in between work so she could understand her sister’s resentment.

“What time will you be in?” Mia asked. “I have an appointment with the insurance company tomorrow at nine. I was hoping you could watch Mikey for me.”

“Yeah, okay,” Leah said with a shrug. “I’ll be back by seven.”

It didn’t escape Mia’s notice that her sister hadn’t ask about the meeting with the life insurance company. Leah steered clear of everything relating to their mother’s passing. Mia tried to understand how her sister felt. Their mother’s passing had affected them greatly but Mia wished she had just a little support from her sister while she sorted this out. Fighting the insurance company for what was rightfully owed them was taking its toll on her.

Mia hadn’t gotten a chance to fully grieve since their mother’s passing nine months ago. Yvette Trent had been diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, another form of lung disease the doctors believed had resulted from her sarcoidosis. The amount of scar tissue that had developed in her lungs because of the inflammatory disease had eventually forced their mother on an oxygen machine, which ultimately hadn’t been enough. Weeks before her fifty-fifth birthday, she had stopped breathing.

Mia didn’t realize the tears were falling until they landed on her forearm. She sat down at the table and tried to compose herself. She knew if she let the thoughts in, she would have another break down and scare Mikey again.

But it was hard not thinking about her mother. She had been her rock since she’d returned home five years ago. Her mother had never questioned her decision or asked about Nate. She had seen how much Mia had been hurting when she’d returned from Chicago and had waited until Mia was ready to tell her. Then again, there hadn’t been much to tell.

After she’d had Mikey, her mother had been her greatest supporter and teacher. With her gone now, Mia was lost.

She wiped away her tears and took a deep, steadying breath. She thought of the good times, forever grateful that her mother had gotten to know her grandson. She had spent what time she had with Mikey despite her suffering, and though Mia missed her fiercely, knowing her mother was finally at peace gave Mia some solace, if only a little.

However, the demands of life were disrupting what small comfort she was gaining from that. Though she and Leah tried, they were fast falling behind on their bills. Soon they wouldn’t be able to manage the mortgage without the payout from their mother’s life insurance. The policy wasn’t for a large amount by any means but it would certainly be enough to help them pay down their increasing debts.

The life insurance had been their mother’s idea after Mikey was born. She had wanted to make sure her daughters and grandson had some financial security in the event something happened to her. In thinking of her son, Mia had also purchased a policy. But now the insurance company was denying their claim.

After weeks of back and forth, she would finally have a meeting with the claims manager. This was her last hope, other than taking them to court and spending money they didn’t have. All she could do now was pray and be prepared.

She didn’t want to think about what would happen if the insurance company refused their claim again.



* * * *



“Ms. Trent, I’m sorry for your loss but unfortunately the claim isn’t valid under your current policy.”

Mia looked across the desk at the rail thin, older black man, desperate and beyond frustration. “Mr. Freeman, I’ve brought in everything you’ve asked. All the medical reports, the bank statements, the original policy forms proving that my mother’s policy was still active are all here. What more do you want?”

Howard Freeman sighed and removed his gold-rimmed eyeglasses. “I understand and appreciate that. However, the policy is not the issue here. Your mother’s medical records indicate a pre-existing condition and because it wasn’t reported during the time of contract, it unfortunately voids the policy.”

Mia shook her head, repeating the same thing she had many times now since she started this appeal. “My mother passed away from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis,” Mia said, her voice wavering. “She was treated for pulmonary sarcoidosis years ago. Those are two separate diseases and should be considered as such.”

Mr. Freeman gave her a sympathetic look. “Because the medical records state that the sarcoidosis resulted in the fibrosis, it is being classified as a precondition. I’m sorry but there is nothing more I can do.”

Mia didn’t want his sympathy. She needed to know how she was going to pay their mounting bills and keep a roof over their heads.

Mia leaned forward in her seat. “Mr. Freeman, you don’t understand. We are going to lose our house. This is why my mother purchased the policy to begin with. There has to be something you can do.”

“Based on her plan, you are eligible for a full return of the premium.”

“For how much?” Mr. Freeman told her the amount and Mia’s small bubble of hope deflated. It would barely be enough to cover a month of their mortgage and they were already two months behind.

Mia shook her head, feeling a small headache forming.

“Of course, there’s some paperwork that needs to be completed,” Mr. Freeman continued. “Once that’s been processed and approved, a check will be mailed to you within the next four to six weeks.”

Mia’s shoulders slumped. She couldn’t hold off the bank and creditors for that long. Then again, she had no choice.

She stood up, thanked Mr. Freeman, and started toward the door of his small, sparse office.

“Again, I’m sorry, Ms. Trent,” he called out. “I truly understand how difficult it is to lose a parent.”

Mia stopped, staring at the older man whose intelligent eyes were filled with a familiar sadness. She nodded in acknowledgment then, without another word, walked out of his office.

She needed to clear her mind. Since they wouldn’t be able to rely on the insurance money, she needed to start thinking ahead. And whether Leah wanted to or not, they were going to figure this out together.

Mia pulled up to the pale yellow, single story house that had been her home for the past sixteen years. It had also been her son’s home since the day she’d brought him home from the hospital five years ago. Mia could remember how excited they’d all been to move into their first home. Their mother had worked hard to purchase this place and Mia couldn’t imagine losing it because she couldn’t afford the mortgage.

Mia exited the suffocating car, vaguely noting the dry, withering grass. Though it had been the least of her worries, the lawn would soon need some attention.

As Mia headed to the front door, she spotted their neighbor, Mr. Wallace, sitting outside on his front porch, his dark, weathered face breaking out into a big smile. Mia smiled in return, waving a silent greeting. She loved her neighborhood, as her mother had, and had no desire to leave.

Mia found Mikey sleeping soundly on the couch in front of the television. She loved watching her son sleep. His small, relaxed form always managed to put her at ease. She gently ran her fingers through his hair then carried him to his bed. He had been napping less often lately, leaving Mia exhausted at the end of each day, but today was an exception. Her little man must have tuckered himself out. Despite his dark curls, round cheeks, and creamy brown complexion, she could see traces of his father in him. Mikey had her eyes but everything else bore a strong resemblance to his father.

She swiftly shook the thought away. Right now wasn’t the time to think about him. It would be five years this month since she last seen Nate McArthur. It was hard enough not thinking about him when he invaded her thoughts at night, and as Mikey grew older, the task of forgetting him grew harder.

She left her son’s room and found her sister in the kitchen, reading a letter. Leah looked up when she saw Mia approaching.

“You have to read this,” she said, holding out the letter to her. “It just got here about an hour ago through certified mail.”

Mia took the letter. What she read knocked the wind out of her. She fell into the nearest seat and stared at her sister blankly.

“They can’t be serious,” Mia whispered. “We’re only behind by two months.”

“It’s June, Mia. I think that put us into three months.”

Mia looked down at the letter again. ‘Notice of Foreclosure’ stood out in a bold, heavy font across the page. She immediately started thinking of the accounts they could borrow from. Yet even as she thought of their meager savings, she knew it would barely carry them through the end of the summer.

Then what? If they used it all to pay the bank that left them with nothing for basic living expenses. She hadn’t been able to find work in three weeks. With the fragile state of the economy, it was getting increasingly difficult to find substantial, consistent work—much less work that was favorable to single mothers. Mia found herself bouncing from job to job, limited to jobs that did not require nights or weekends since she couldn’t afford a babysitter. This schedule worked perfectly as it allowed her to be with Mikey during those times and Leah would have him during the day. Unfortunately she had lost her last temp job and now spent her days and nights with her son while her sister worked part-time as a makeup sales girl at the mall and part-time as a desk security guard.

“So what are you going to do?”

Mia looked up at her sister, a little annoyed by the question. “Don’t you mean, what are we going to do?” Mia corrected.

Leah sat back in her chair and looked down at the table. “Look Mia, I don’t know how to tell you this but…” she took a deep breath, “I’m moving out.”

Mia didn’t know what to say. She certainly hadn’t expected this. Leah had never moved out on her own. Even after she’d graduated high school, and Mia had been open to her living in Chicago with her, Leah had decided to stay home. Her sister had even stayed around when Mia moved back home and their small home had become crowded with a new baby added. When Mia didn’t say anything, Leah finally glanced up at her.

“I know this is bad timing,” Leah said, breaking the long silence, “but I’m ready to leave Detroit and move on.”

“Where do you plan on going?” Mia asked, trying not to sound hurt or bitter. She appreciated the sacrifices her sister had made to her modeling dreams in order to help her with Mikey. Leah loved her nephew, and despite their own personal relationship, Mia had come to rely on her support.

Leah glanced at her. “LA, of course. When Jackson gets out, we’re leaving.”

Mia frowned. “Really, Leah? Jackson?” she questioned, exasperated. Talks about moving to Los Angeles to start her modeling career were nothing new, but taking her old high school sweetheart with her definitely was. The influence Jackson had on her sister leaned toward the negative, and the only reason Leah hadn’t completely spiraled down with her bad news boyfriend—and seen the inside of a jail cell herself—was because their mother had kept Leah on a tight leash. Now that their mother was gone, Mia could only hope her sister knew enough to keep herself out of trouble.

“Do you really think you’re being realistic?” Mia continued. “You’re twenty-four and broke. How do you plan to move and support yourself way across the country?”

Leah narrowed her eyes at her. “Just because I don’t want to be some fancy lawyer doesn’t mean I’m stupid,” she snapped. “You’re just jealous I’m actually going after my dream when you never even finished law school.”

Mia’s back drew up. That stung. But maybe she had it coming. Leah had always accused her of putting down her dreams and it was obvious she was doing it now. She just didn’t want her sister to get hurt. She had learned the hard way how painful it was to live life under an illusion.

“Fine,” Mia said quietly. “Do what you want.”

“I will. I’m moving out at the end of next month,” Leah continued. “And I’m going to use my share of the insurance money to get started.”

Mia let out a dry laugh and shook her head. “So is that the pot of gold you’re hanging your dreams on? You better start looking elsewhere.”

Leah straightened in her seat. “What do you mean?”

Mia gave her sister a brief detailing of her meeting with Mr. Freeman and the insurance company’s decision. The news, however, didn’t seem to faze her sister. Leah lifted her head with resolve. “I’m still leaving,” she said. “I have some of my own money saved up and I’m ready to live my life.”

Mia didn’t like the resentful tone in her sister’s voice. It was accusatory and…bitter. “Last I checked,” Mia snapped, “no one forced you to stay here.”

Her sister leaned toward her over the table, gripping its edge as fire burned in her large brown eyes. “I stayed because Mama asked me to stay. You strolled in here pregnant and pathetic. You think she wanted to be saddled with you and a baby at her age? In her condition? I knew I couldn’t leave, especially not after she got sick again. But it’s time for me to do me.”

Her sister’s words rolled through her and Mia couldn’t speak through her pain. Was I really a burden to you, Mama? The thought made her throat clog as tears burned her eyes.

She swallowed the sudden lump in her throat. “Then I would hate to stand in your way,” Mia whispered stiffly, looking away. “Please don’t let me or my baby stop you.”

“Whatever, Mia,” Leah snapped. “Don’t try to guilt trip me. You know I love Mouse and would do anything for him, but he’s your son. You need to start thinking about what’s best for him.”

Leah’s last comment riled her like nothing else could. How dare she? Everything she did was for Mikey. “My son always comes first,” Mia snapped. “Everything I do, I do for Mikey.”

Leah raised a brow. “Right. So is that why he doesn’t know about his father? I bet the next thing you’ll be telling him is that you’re his mother and his father, right?” Leah scoffed. “That may have worked when Mama said it since our deadbeat dad chose not to stick around. But no one knows why Mikeys’ dad isn’t around.”

“Because it’s no one’s business,” Mia said through gritted teeth. “And it certainly isn’t yours.”

Mia had been lucky that she hadn’t had to explain to Mikey why he didn’t have a father. Her son had asked once and she had easily sidestepped it by reminding him he had a different kind of family that included only Mommy, Auntie, and Grandma. But when he got older, and eventually entered school, she knew the questions would come again.

Leah rose from the kitchen table and dropped the stack of bills down. “You’re right,” she said. “It isn’t any of my business. But it’s Mikeys’ and, good or bad, he should know about Nate. Especially when the man can afford to take care of the both of you.”

Though Mia hated to admit it, her sister’s comments forced her to acknowledge her decision to keep Mikey from Nate. She had always stood by her actions, believing she was giving Nate the space and freedom he obviously wanted while protecting her son. She remembered the way he had declared with cold finality that he did not want children, and she would die before she let anyone make her son feel rejected or unwanted.

Yet a strange guilt began to plague her as she realized she was purposely keeping father and son from knowing one another. She entertained the idea of going to Chicago then immediately dropped it. Just the thought of going back to confront Nate about this was daunting and caused her stomach to clench.

But another, persistent part of her wouldn’t let the thought go.

She spent the next several days making phone calls, trying to postpone the bank from putting up the foreclosure notice. With the help of legal aid and her own minimal knowledge from law school, she was able to negotiate a ninety-day postponement on the foreclosure.

Now she had until the end of September to pay the bank but still didn’t know how she would manage to get all the money.

Unless she went to the one man she had vowed never to go back to.

Mia immediately repelled the thought then shoved her pride aside as she rationalized her approach. Whether Nate wanted children or not was irrelevant now. He had one and the least he could do was ensure they didn’t go homeless. What she had to do was cast her feelings aside and ask for his help.

The next day, she began making arrangements for their trip to Chicago. She was moving without feeling, mentally preparing for the most important, the most unnerving reunion in her life. A million scenarios crossed her mind as she thought about their initial meeting. None of them were comforting. She wouldn’t back out of this though.

“Auntie!” Her son’s shriek signaled her sister’s arrival. Mia turned as Leah strolled into the kitchen carrying a giggling Mikey in her arms.

“Look Mia. I caught us a mouse.”

Mia smiled over her son’s giggles. She reached for him and held him up. “Hmm, what should we do with him?”

Leah’s eyes sparkled. “I think we should eat him.”

Mikey’s dark eyes widened in horror as Mia brought her face down to his tummy.

“Mommy, no!” he shrieked but Mia continued her soft nibbling as his little body squirmed, wiggled, and shook with laughter.

She smiled over her son’s wild, carefree laugh. Mikey was the best thing that could have happened to her, the one thing she and Nate had gotten right, and she would do anything for him. She hoped she was doing the right thing by taking him to Chicago.

Later that night, after she had put Mikey to bed, Mia went into the living room where her sister sat painting her nails. Mia fell into the seat beside her. “I’m going to Chicago tomorrow,” Mia blurted.

Her sister looked up at her with a faint smirk on her lips. “Going to finally tell your ex he’s a daddy?” she drawled, recapping the nail polish and waving her hand in the air.

Mia shrugged. “That and ask him to help me save the house.”

Leah lost her mocking grin. “Why? You should just let the bank take it.”

Mia gaped at her sister. “And go where? This is our home.”

“Not anymore,” she said, her voice trembling slightly. “Not without Mama.” Leah glanced away but not before Mia saw the tears glistening in her eyes.

“Why don’t you just get him for child support?” her sister suggested. “That way the money you’ll get over the years will be more than what this house is even worth.”

“No,” Mia said curtly. “I don’t want this to turn ugly or drag Mikey through the middle of some legal battle. Having a home for him is more important to me right now.”

Leah shrugged then returned to polishing her toes. “And what if he refuses to help you with the house?” her sister asked. “You’ll have to go after him for something. Mouse is his son too and he should help.”

Mia looked down at her hands. She didn’t want to have to think about that. “I guess I’ll cross that bridge when I get there.”

Leah shrugged. “Well good luck with that.”

“Will you be okay here by yourself?”

“Yes, ma’am,” Leah said, rolling her eyes. “I’m not twelve.”

Yeah, but sometimes her sister could conjure up trouble without even trying. Like when she had decided to borrow their mother’s car without permission one night, supposedly to pick up a friend from the airport, Leah had ended up stranded far from the airport, with the car stolen.

“Anyway, Jackson will be out soon so I’ll probably end up spending my time with him.”

Mia groaned inwardly. There Leah went, conjuring up trouble. Jackson had always been bad news. But whatever she had to say about him, her sister wouldn’t listen so Mia didn’t bother.

“I’ve booked a motel for us to stay in. I don’t know how long we’ll be gone, maybe a few days, but I’ll leave you the address before I go.”

That done, Mia went to her bedroom and began making a list of things they’d need for their trip. She didn’t want to forget anything. The drive would be long for her son and she wanted it to be as comfortable for him as possible.

It didn’t take her long, however, to realize she was just putting off the inevitable. Pushing the notepad aside, Mia went searching for the navy blue address book she kept Nate’s number in.

She stared at the number for a long while. What if the number didn’t work? What if he wasn’t even in Chicago anymore? Before Mia could talk herself out of it, she grabbed her phone and dialed his number.

Her heart pounded and her palms grew sweaty as the other line began to ring. Even her tight grip couldn’t steady her hold on the phone and as the seconds ticked by, another depressing thought struck her. What if he was with someone right now?

Nate was an attractive guy and it was late enough. He could easily be entertaining company at this hour. Before she lost her courage and slammed the phone down, a low, deep voice answered.

“Hello.”

Mia’s voice lodged in her throat as the warm, masculine voice sent a wave of intense emotion that rocked her to her core. God, I miss him.

Silence crackled over the line between them while she tried desperately to rein in her wild emotions.

“Mia?”

She nearly dropped the phone at the sound of her name softly spoken. His voice had been like a gentle caress. She tightened her grip.

“Hi Nate,” she whispered.

Silence filled the line for a heartbeat before he replied. “Hi Mia.”

More awkward silence filled the line before she asked, “How’d you know it was me?”

He chuckled softly. “I don’t get many calls from Michigan, especially at this hour.”

Mia unconsciously glanced at the bedside clock. It was a little after ten. Nine o’clock, his time. “I’m sorry for calling this late,” she rushed out. “I hope I’m not—”

“I wasn’t complaining,” he interrupted gently. “It’s actually nice to hear your voice again, baby,” he added softly.

Mia’s heart lurched and she closed her eyes as the warmth of his words coursed through her. Excitement and longing sprang up in her, followed by guilt. She knew it was dangerous territory, but she’d like to think maybe he missed her as much as she did him.

“Is everything okay?”

Mia smiled softly. “Yeah, everything’s fine,” she assured him, touched by the concern she heard his voice. “I just…uh, I’m coming to Chicago this weekend and was hoping we could meet up,” she finally rushed out.

Silence.

Her courage and anxiety began to war with each other when he didn’t immediately respond. “I know this is sudden and I understand if you don’t have time to see me. I just wanted—”

“I have time,” he cut in softly. “When will you get here?”

“Tomorrow night.” She gave him the name of the motel she would be checking into, relieved he didn’t say anything about it. It was a low-budget motel in a questionable neighborhood but it was the only thing she could afford on such short notice.

“I can’t wait to see you,” he said before they ended the call and something in her stomach fluttered. Would he feel the same way after she introduced him to his son?





Chapter Six



Nate forced himself to concentrate on the spreadsheet in front of him. His eyes were on the computer screen but his mind was miles away. Since Mia’s call last night, he hadn’t been able to concentrate on anything else. She was the last person he’d expected to hear from.

Even after five years, she managed to bring up feelings in him he had thought long forgotten and buried. He didn’t know why she had finally sought him out and didn’t care. The chance to be with her again—even for one night—had filled his mind with all kinds of fantasies. During their brief conversation, she hadn’t sounded bitter or angry. If anything, she sounded as if she…missed him.

It had taken some time but he had eventually come to accept that she was no longer a part of his life. It hadn’t been easy but the ache of losing her had eventually become bearable. He had spent a lot of time thinking of that night, wondering what he could have done differently, but concluded his honesty had been best for them both. He wasn’t going to string her along for his own selfish needs.

The only problem with honesty, however, was that someone always ended up miserable. The year it took for him to stop obsessing over her had proven as much. He had tried his damnedest to stay away from her but had experienced a moment of weakness. An overwhelming urge to call her one January had come over him but when he’d tried, her number had been disconnected. He hadn’t tried again since.

Now she was back and wanted to see him.

Anticipation burned in his gut. He wanted to see her too. A lot of time had passed and he had spent much of it thinking about what was important to him.

Nate glanced at the time at the lower corner of his computer screen. Time was really dragging its heels today.

He couldn’t wait to leave the office but before he could, he had a thorn in his side he needed to remove.

Stephen Rhodes, one of their longtime consultants, had gotten the company into a serious mess and Nate was scrambling to fix it or risk losing a vital client. McArthur, Murphy and Company was one of the leading management consulting firms in the nation, which had grown ever since he’d taken charge, but Rhodes was fast becoming a liability. He had been with MMC for quite some time, slowly working his way up the ladder, yet since his recent promotion, his incompetence had become glaring. Nate was annoyed it had taken them this long to realize Stephen Rhodes wasn’t cut out for the job.

With this knowledge obvious to them now, Nate wouldn’t risk the company’s reputation or losing one of their top clients. In order to win back their clients trust, Nate had to get rid of the problem. That afternoon, he did exactly that.

“McArthur, you can’t do this,” Stephen said, leaning forward in his seat. “I just closed on my new house and I just bought my wife a new car.”

Nate stared at the older man. His obviously expensive suit said he’d been enjoying the financial perks his recent promotion allotted.

“Stephen, your mistake is about to cost us the Bakersfield account. You of all people should know how important that account is to the company. That’s not something we’re prepared to take lightly.”

Stephen ran his hand through his thinning gray hair in agitation. “It’s not my fault. I’ve been giving Tracy more responsibility and—”

“Stop,” Nate interrupted, disgusted with the man. He had done his checking before he’d called Stephen into his office and based on his discovery, the fault had been completely his. Yet instead of owning his mistake, the bastard was trying to pass off the blame. “I’m giving you a chance to put in your resignation and walk away from this with some dignity.”

Stephen glared at him, his thick brows furrowing deeply. “Do you have a family, McArthur? Do you understand what you’re doing is not only going to affect me but my girls too?”

Nate fixed him with a level stare as Stephen threw him a disgusted glare.

“Of course you don’t,” he continued. “I can see in your eyes you don’t give a damn that I have a wife and three girls who depend on me!”

Nate continued staring at him, his temper and impatience mounting but he didn’t let it show. “This is your doing, Stephen. Not mine,” Nate said coolly. “If you refuse to put in your resignation, so be it. Either way, you’re no longer employed at McArthur, Murphy and Company. ”

A short while later, an angry and disgruntled Stephen was escorted out of the building.

Nate hated this part of the job but it couldn’t be avoided. He spent the last five years working at the helm of the company, first as Director and now as CEO. His father had eventually retired and it was now Nate’s responsibility to see to the growth and prosperity of the company. He had implemented a few changes, which had resulted in a few department shakeups, layoffs, new hires and a growing client list. MMC was proving to be formidable in the industry and Nate couldn’t afford any weak links in his chain.

Now that Stephen Rhodes was gone, he could concentrate on repairing his business relationship with their unhappy client.

But not tonight. Tonight, he would be concentrating on repairing another kind of relationship.

Nate picked up his cellphone. He wondered if she had already made it into the city. It was now after five on a Friday and the office was deserted with everyone taking advantage of the new summer hours. He wasn’t working on anything pressing and didn’t look forward to going to his own quiet condo.

He found Mia’s number and hit the send button, listening intently to the ringing. Maybe if she was already here, he could take her out to dinner. The polite thing for him to do would be to let her get settled in, maybe suggest they meet for lunch tomorrow. Nate rejected the thought. He didn’t know what had brought her back to Chicago, but he’d waited five years and wouldn’t wait another night.

“Yes? Hello?”

Nate started at the young, high-pitched voice that came through the line. For a second, he thought he had dialed the wrong number.

“Hello,” Nate replied hesitantly. “Who is this?”

“Mommy said I shouldn’t talk to strangers,” the little boy said casually, seemingly unconcerned by the fact that he was indeed talking to a stranger.

For a moment, Nate was baffled. Mia had a kid? He couldn’t help the stab of jealousy that pierced him at the thought of her bearing another man’s child.

“What’s your mom’s name?”

“Mommy.”

Nate stifled a groan then laughed. “Okay…what’s your name?”

“Mikey.”

“Nice to meet you, Mikey,” Nate said lightly. “Is there a grown-up I can talk to?” At the brief silence, Nate imagined the little boy was shaking his head.

“I’m not ’posed to talk to strangers.”

Nate’s lip quirked. He didn’t want to point out to Mikey he was doing exactly what he wasn’t supposed to. “Yes, buddy, you’re right. You shouldn’t talk to strangers. Now can you pass the phone to your mom?”

“Nope.”

Nate jerked his head back, surprised by the casually spoken refusal. “Why not?”

Mikey’s voice became a hushed, earnest whisper. “Because Mommy’s having her bath, and I’m not ’posed to play on the phone.”

For some reason, Nate felt the need to ease his little worries. “You’re not playing. We’re just chatting.”

“I’m not ’posed to do that either.”

“Why not?”

“I dunno. Mommy said I’m ’posed to just sit still and watch TV but I hate it here. It smells like dirt.”

Nate didn’t know how to respond to that—or what to make of this unusual conversation. He wasn’t used to dealing with kids or talking to them. He couldn’t even remember the last time he had been around one.

“Please don’t tell Mommy,” Mikey whispered.

“All right,” Nate assured him. “But when your mom gets finished with her bath, tell her I called. Okay? Can you remember that?”

“Yes, I’m good at remembering.”

“Excellent. I’ll talk to you later, Mikey.”

“Okay, bye!”

When Nate hung up the phone, he realized he hadn’t given the boy his name. It didn’t matter. Mia would probably see his number and know it was him calling. But the fantasy of having a private dinner together came to a bitter halt, along with his hopes of anything else happening tonight. Not that he had set any expectations but he couldn’t help thinking up a few ways they could have ended the night. One being with her at his place. Yet that fantasy certainly wasn’t going to happen now—not with a kid around.

Do you care about me enough to want a family?

Those words echoed in Nate’s head, coming flittering from a past he had worked hard to forget. Memories of what he could remember from that night flashed in fragments in his mind. Though it had nearly killed him to walk out on her that night, he had refused to be forced into something he hadn’t been ready for. Ultimately that had been the end of something he had never found again.

What if I got pregnant?

A sudden cold chill ran down his spine as another memory echoed in his head. He remembered her solemn yet determined eyes, the way she had wrapped her arms around her middle as if she was protecting…

Nate bolted to his feet with a vicious curse, sending his executive chair crashing to the ground. It couldn’t be! Mia wouldn’t do that to him. She wouldn’t keep something like this from him. She wouldn’t.

Yet the pieces started to fit and things started to become clear. She had tried to wrench a long-term commitment from him and when he refused she had ended them. Suddenly Nate knew, with every fiber in his being, the little boy he had just spoken to moments ago was his son.

A flood of emotions began hurtling through him. Disbelief and rage battled for the lead, as shock tailed closely behind, followed by bitter resentment. Why, he thought savagely. Why wouldn’t she tell me this?

Nate’s fists clenched and unclenched. It took him a moment but he managed to rein in his anger. Once he could think rationally, he rushed out of the office. He wasn’t going to wait any longer. Five years? He had waited long enough.



* * * *



“Mikey, honey, who are you talking to?” Mia stepped out of the bathroom and glanced over at her son sitting on the double bed. She could have sworn she’d heard muffled voices coming from the room. At first she had thought it was the television but she’d recognized her son’s voice.

Mikey rushed to hide his hand behind his back and looked down. Mia walked over to the bed.

“Give it to me,” she demanded, holding out her hand.

Mikey handed her the cell phone, still avoiding her gaze. She grabbed the phone from his small hand.

“Mikey, look at me. What did I tell you about playing with my phone?”

“That it’s not a toy,” he mumbled quietly.

“And?”

“And it’s for emergencies only.” He stared up at her earnestly before adding, “But it was an emergency, Mommy. I was bored to death!”

Mia sighed. “Where are your toys?”

Mikey shrugged his little shoulders. She went to their bags lying open on the second double bed and realized she’d left the small bag of toys in the car. Well, she wouldn’t bother with it now.

It had been a long, exhausting drive to Chicago, which included the stop she’d made so they could eat and stretch their legs. Once they had made it into the city, Mikey had become moody from the long drive and Mia had just wanted to collapse. The hard, springy hotel bed, however, had not been inviting. Actually nothing in the drafty motel room had been welcoming. She managed to overlook the dingy walls and furniture while she sanitized the small hotel room and bathroom as best she could.

With a bath and light snack, her son had lost his tantrum and she had finally been able to indulge in a nice long shower.

The thought of calling Nate had crossed her mind and had been tempting, but she wasn’t prepared to face him tonight. She would do it tomorrow when she’d gotten some sleep and her nerves had settled some.

Mia replayed the scenario in her head for the umpteenth time and still couldn’t think of a way to approach him. She couldn’t just blurt out—“Hi Nate, this is Mikey. Your four-year-old son. And, by the way, we need money.”

Mia scoffed and shook her head. Then again, maybe I should call him right now and get it over with.

As if on cue, her cell phone rang. It was Nate.

Yet instead of the cool, light-heartedness she had received last night, he was curt and abrupt. “What room are you in?”

Mia frowned. “What?”

“I’m at the motel,” he said, a hard edge in his voice.

Mia’s stomach dropped. Panic seized her and she stood frozen in the middle of the room. She was not prepared for this, but she had no doubt that he would bang on every door until he found her.

“What room are you staying in?”

“Room 238,” she finally whispered.

“I’m coming up.”

He ended the call before she had a chance to say anything else.

“Mommy, I almost forgot,” Mikey said, jarring her out of her trance. “A man called for you.”

Mia turned to her son who was now using the hotel pens and notepad to draw with.

“What man?” Deep down, though, Mia knew. Nate’s sudden presence couldn’t be a coincidence.

Mikey shrugged as a hard knock came at the motel door. They both stared toward the direction of the sound. Mia walked to the door, each step as heavy as the beating of her heart.

“Who is it?” She felt like a fool for asking. She knew who stood behind that door.

“It’s me.” Nate’s muffled voice held an edge that immediately had her draw her back up. She opened the door and was unnerved by her reaction to him.

Nate had always been handsome but now that didn’t seem adequate to describe him. His hard jaw and sensual lips were set in stern, stubborn lines and his rich, dark brown hair was cut stylishly. His tall, once lean, frame was broader than she remembered and was covered in dark slacks, a silk button-down shirt, and dark blazer.

She didn’t miss the way his dark, deep-set eyes ran down the length of her. Her face flushed at the heated once-over. The man standing before her, filling the doorway appeared untouchable. No, he was too striking for mere handsomeness.

“May I come in?”

His low whisper held all the seductive qualities she remembered. She slightly shook her head, breaking the hypnotic spell she found herself under and steeling herself against the cosmic effect he still had on her and, this time, she had to make sure her heart was protected from him.

Without a word, Mia stepped back to let him in. The motel room wasn’t spacious and with his presence, it appeared even less so.

Nate stopped in the middle of the room and stared down at their son, who was also looking up at him with newfound curiosity.

Mia didn’t know what to say to break the heavy silence as father and son stared at each other, but the tension was killing her.

“Mikey, baby, come say hi.”

He scrambled off the bed and walked toward them. Mikey wasn’t normally shy but for some reason, he wasn’t exhibiting his usual brazenness. When he stood directly in front of Nate, he held out his small hand. “Hi mister,” he murmured.

Mia’s heart broke a little at the awkward situation she had placed them in. This is my fault. A son should know his father but because of her selfishness, her son was now greeting his father like a stranger.

With a gentle smile, Nate crouched down and took the small hand offered to him. “Hi Mikey. We spoke on the phone earlier. You remember?”

Mikey nodded.

Nate leaned over and whispered something in his ear. Mia couldn’t hear what he was saying but she picked up something about dirt. Whatever it was, it made her son scrunch his face and nod. “I told you,” Mikey said, giggling.

“Yes you did,” Nate agreed, his eyes softening as he regarded their son. “Why don’t you go finish drawing while I talk to your mom?”

Nate rose to his full height as Mikey ran back to the bed.

“How old is he?”

Mia didn’t look at him when she replied, “He turned four this January.”

Nate continued watching Mikey then said in a deceptively mild tone, “He’s mine, isn’t he.”

It was more a statement than a question. He turned to face her when she didn’t respond and she was taken aback by the rage and…hurt that simmered in his dark eyes. There was nothing she could say, nothing she could do, that would soothe those raw feelings.

She simply looked back at their son and nodded.





Chapter Seven



His son.

Nate’s heart twisted as he looked at the little boy whose small features were a unique blend of his and Mia’s. Mikey had her wide eyes and the McArthur stubborn chin, though it was soft with youth.

Nate had used the time during his drive here to get his shock and temper under control, but he was still reeling with the realization that he was a father. He turned his attention to Mia who stood beside him, carefully avoiding his gaze. She looked beautifully tragic with her hair pulled back in a loose bun at her nape, her large dark eyes eclipsing her smooth, angular face. Even in her simple gray skirt and white cami, his sexual attraction to her was unwavering. Motherhood had filled her out nicely.

Even now, with all her lies and secrets, he still wanted her.

Right now wasn’t the time to think about that, however. They needed to talk but first he needed to get them out of this shitty motel room.

“Get your things,” he said curtly.

“Why?”

He moved closer to her and said in a low voice so Mikey wouldn’t overhear. “I said, get your things. You two aren’t staying here tonight.”

Her eyes widened in surprise then she swiftly glanced away. “Look, I know there’s a lot for us to discuss but—”

“You’ve got that right,” he snapped. “And tonight we’re going to, just not in this shithole.” He read the protest in her eyes and stopped her before she could say anything else. His patience was already stretched thin. “Don’t argue with me right now,” he said through gritted teeth. “Just get your things.”



* * * *



An hour later, they finally made it to his high-rise apartment. Mia had forgotten how terrible the traffic was in Chicago, especially on a Friday night. She now carried a sleeping Mikey into the condo as Nate brought in their bags. When he turned on the lights, Mia was stunned by the luxury that greeted her. The high ceilings and rich, dark wood floors held beautifully decorated artwork with modern furniture that was as untouchable as the man. The abstract artwork decorating the white walls resembled something out of an art gallery but they complimented the stylish, elegant decor. Large windows at the far end of the spacious apartment overlooked the city and added to the condo’s grandeur. From the large windows, the sun painted the sky in a dark orange glow as dusk began to descend.

Mia had only been to his apartment once while they’d been dating but this was certainly new. Nate had been careful in keeping a casual, rather modest appearance around her. Now looking at him, there was nothing casual about the tall, composed man standing beside her.

Uncertainty ate at her as she realized, for the first time, how far outside her domain she was. How could she just come out and ask for money without looking like…an opportunist? She immediately quelled the feeling. It was too late to turn back. She came here for a purpose and would see it through.

Her sleeping son began to weigh heavily on her tired arms and Mia turned to Nate who had been silently watching her survey his apartment.

“Where can I put him?” she asked in a low voice.

Nate nodded behind her. “There’s a guest room in the back,” he said, also keeping his voice low. “Come on, I’ll show you.”

Mia followed him down the hall to the first door on the left. It was a small, simple bedroom with a single bed, nightstand, and dresser. Nate turned on the lamp and she gently placed Mikey on the bed. He didn’t stir once. She changed him into his pajamas and sat beside him on the bed, rubbing his back. Mikey was normally a heavy sleeper but today had been especially wearing for him with the drive and all. She, herself, was exhausted but still had a long night ahead of her. She tried to put it off by hiding out in here with her son but with the determined look on Nate’s face that wouldn’t happen.

“Is he okay?”

Mia turned around to find Nate standing by the door. He had removed his blazer and stood there looking completely relaxed with the first two buttons of his pale blue shirt undone. She nodded, glancing back down at their sleeping son.

“He’s just tired,” she whispered. “We’ve had a long drive.”

Nate walked slowly into the room and looked down at Mikey with gentle yet watchful eyes. The look on his hard face tugged at her heart. Confusion and guilt began to shape in her. I should have told him.

“Come on,” he whispered, holding out his hand to her. “It’s time we talked.”

Mia let out a ragged breath. She didn’t want go anywhere with him. Not out of fear, because she knew in her heart he would never become violent with her, but his nearness was too much for her frayed emotions. She was too tired to resurrect any mental or emotional defenses against him tonight.

He was angry that much was clear, even though he tried to hide it behind cool, unreadable eyes. She didn’t have the energy to deal with a heated confrontation tonight yet he deserved some answers and from his unwavering stance, he wouldn’t be put off.

She sent another glance down at Mikey then she let out a small sigh. She placed her hand in his and he immediately closed his fingers around hers, pulling her off the bed. He led them into the living room and Mia concentrated on everything but the warm, rough hand that held hers.

When they neared the sofa, she immediately pulled away from him though her hand still tingled where he’d touched. She took the nearest seat, keeping her eyes averted as she willed her nerves to settle.

He said nothing as he sat across from her and ran his hand through his hair repeatedly, an indication of his own agitation.

“Why didn’t you tell me?” Despite his cool, steady gaze, his voice was harsh and grating. His angry confusion only intensified her mounting guilt.

“I should have,” she said quietly. “But then, I didn’t think it would have made a difference.”

His eyes narrowed. “What do you mean? Of course it would have made a damn difference.”

“You said you didn’t want kids, remember. And I didn’t want to be with someone who didn’t want me or my child.” Mia looked down at her hands, unnerved by the intensity in his dark eyes. “I figured I’d let you off the hook.”

After a short, painful silence, he asked, “So what’s changed? Why tell me now?”

Is that all he has to say?

Well, what did you expect him to say? Another voice chided her fiercely. That he hadn’t meant what he’d said? That if he could do it all again, he would marry her and make them a big, happy family?

Mia shook her head, disgusted with herself. Despite her cold encounter with reality, she was still a romantic fool. She took a deep, shaky breath and gave herself a hard, mental shake.

“I’m here because I need your help.”

Mia went on to tell him about the upcoming foreclosure and the limited time frame in which she had to make the payment.

“How much is owed?” he asked when she finished, his expression even more stoic, more unreadable.

She told him the amount. He didn’t even bat an eye. The amount she was asking from him would cover the mortgage and take care of Mikey for the next twelve months, while she looked for permanent work. And she told him all this, wanting to be completely transparent with him.

“The last thing I wanted was to come to you for this,” she continued. “But I had nowhere else to turn. You’re my last resort in making sure Mikey has a home and I promise you’ll never hear from me again.” She fell silent. It was hard being in this position and his cold, silent regard didn’t make it any easier.

Nate leaned forward in his seat, holding her gaze with his. “Tell me,” he began softly. “If you didn’t need the money, would you have ever told me about him?”

Mia didn’t know how to answer him. She looked down at her hands, not knowing how to best respond. She wanted to think she eventually would have, but she had been so caught up with her own emotional turmoil, wanting nothing to do with him, she couldn’t be sure.

He sat back in his seat. “I guess I have my answer.”

Her eyes flew up to his. “Nate, I’m not here for child support if that’s what you’re thinking.”

His eyes flashed. For a second there was a rage and pain in them even he couldn’t conceal. She had to look away.

“You’ve made it clear why you’re here but that doesn’t matter to me right now. What matters is that I have a four-year-old son who doesn’t even know who I am.”

Mia was already consumed with guilt. She didn’t need Nate making her feel worse than she did already. Yes, she should have told him about Mikey, but how dare he pretend as if being a father had mattered to him before.

“Don’t you dare make me out to be the bad guy here,” she said sharply. “You didn’t want the responsibility and I wasn’t going to force you into it. I’m not gonna have my child feeling abandoned.” Like you made me feel after you left. Those words, however, were kept hidden in the deepest, darkest part of her.

“Just because I didn’t want kids, doesn’t mean I would have turned my back on the one that I have,” he snapped. “He’s my son too. You should have told me about him.” His words bit out with barely suppressed rage.

Mia placed her fingers on her temples, trying to soothe the headache pulsating there. “Yes, I admit I should have. I’m sorry. But that doesn’t change the fact that I have him to worry about now. And if you really care then you’ll help us keep our home.”

Nate glared at her, saying nothing. She knew an apology would not make up for what she’d done, but she didn’t know what else he wanted her to say.

“Mommy?”

They both started at the small voice coming from across the room. Mia was the first to her feet. “Yes, baby?”

“I have to potty.”

She turned to Nate.

“I’ll take him,” he said, brushing past her.

A few minutes later, they both came back to the living room where she still sat. An animated Mikey was going a mile a minute as Nate paid close attention to their son’s excited chatter.

When Mikey finally noticed her, he came running to her side. “Mommy, guess what?”

She smiled down at his excited face. “What?”

“I have a daddy!” he exclaimed.

Mia’s eyes shot up to Nate’s.

“Someone had to tell him,” Nate said with a shrug, his tension and anxiety obvious.

Mia brought her attention back to Mikey but couldn’t stop the moisture that gathered in her eyes. “That’s right, you do,” Mia said with a soft smile.

“Can I keep him?” her son asked with anxious excitement. “Please.”

The tears that threatened clogged Mia’s throat. She didn’t trust herself to speak. Instead, she placed a quick kiss on his forehead and brought him up to her lap.

“Yes, of course,” she whispered thickly, avoiding the dark gaze that bored into her from across the room.



* * * *



Nate watched the excited energy that boiled over his son’s little body and livened up his quiet condo.

He glanced over at Mia, who watched their son with calm patience. There was still a lot for them to discuss but tonight, he’d let it rest. Partly because of the fatigue etched on her face and partly because he still needed to digest and process everything.

He was a father.

That knowledge was something he was still getting used to. He had always been careful to protect himself and the woman he was with. With Mia, however, their lovemaking had always been wild, intense. It could be the reason why their birth control hadn’t been effective.

If Mikey’s birthday was in January, that meant he had gotten her pregnant around April. In Galena. Memories of that week came flooding to him. It had been a nice getaway from the city, one he had been disappointed to see end. Before the trip, he had spent weeks traveling across the country for his own company and at his father’s request. Not being able to see or touch her had been frustrating. He never made a big thing about his birthday, but Mia had wanted to do something special for his big three-oh and he could think of nothing better than to hide away somewhere with her, where they could eat, relax, and make love. He had rented a vacation home and for one week, they had lived in their own private oasis.

They had spent the days enjoying the quiet, country scenery and the nights…the nights had been unforgettable. They couldn’t get enough of each other. She had been as wild as he, clawing at his back, rising up to meet his heavy thrust. They had sweated and panted and had gotten as close as two bodies could possibly get.

Nate shifted to hide his body’s reaction at the still vivid memory. Sometime during that week, they had made Mikey. Though he still struggled between his anger and his unwavering lust for her, he had no regrets. Together they had created another life. Though he couldn’t accept or excuse her decision to keep Mikey from him, he couldn’t ignore his role in making her feel as if she had to.

“Daddy?”

Nate instinctively jerked at the name. Though it wasn’t an unpleasant sound, it was something that would take some getting used to.

“Yeah, buddy?” he asked gently.

“Can I have some juice?”

He looked helplessly at Mia. He didn’t think he had any. He didn’t entertain much in his apartment and was certainly not equipped to entertain kids as young as Mikey, or guests of any age for that matter. He didn’t even keep liquor in his apartment anymore. Not that he didn’t enjoy a drink on occasion, but after their breakup, he had found himself indulging in the mind numbing liquid too frequently. Fortunately, he had ended the bad habit before it had gotten a chance to permanently root itself in his life. He now had a personal rule to only drink socially. Never alone and never at home.

“I don’t think I have any.” Nate checked his watch. If he left now, he could probably pick some up.

“It’s all right,” Mia said with a soft smile of understanding. “I think I have a juice box in one of my tote bags.” She got up and fished through a large, yellow and brown bag that had been left in the foyer. She still wore the light sweater she’d put over her white cami, yet it did little to conceal her lush curves hidden underneath. She walked back to where they sat and handed Mikey a green and red juice carton.

“Tomorrow we can go shopping for groceries,” Nate said, watching Mikey suck up the red liquid from the straw. Nate couldn’t stop looking at him. It felt too surreal, looking at this little person who was a part of him.

“Thanks, but that’s not necessary,” she whispered. “We’re not staying long.”

Irritation at her dismissive words rose in him but he shoved it away. He didn’t want to start another argument tonight, especially not in front of Mikey. There would be time tomorrow to hash this all out.

“We’ll figure that out later,” he replied.

Her attention was momentarily stolen away when Mikey handed her the juice carton so she didn’t argue.

“Finished?” she asked, grabbing the carton. At his vigorous nod, she placed it on the center table and stood up. “Okay then,” she said, holding out her hand. “Time for bed.”

“But Mommy, I’m not tired.” Mikey continued to whine, pout, and protest as Mia ushered him back to the guest room. Nate watched the whole scene with fascination and mild amusement. He knew a handful of people with children and didn’t spend a whole lot of time with them, so he could only imagine the patience needed to deal with that kind of energy. The way Mia was handling their son seemed to come naturally. She was gentle yet stern, loving but still firm.

Something in him warmed at the sight. He had never experienced that with his own parents—certainly never his mother. Was it something that came naturally to Mia as a mother? Could he be that kind of father to Mikey?

The thought jarred him. He didn’t know where or why it had surfaced, but he realized he wanted to be the kind of father to Mikey his father had never been to him. He wanted to be a good father to the little boy whose young features closely resembled his. Nate wanted Mikey in his life.

Mia came back to where he sat, drawing his attention away from his new yet exhilarating thoughts. She leaned down to grab the empty juice carton and glanced over at him.

“Where can I toss this?”

Nate stood. “I’ll throw it out.” He reached for the carton then jerked back. “Shit.” A stream of red liquid squirted from the thin straw and landed on the front of his shirt.

Mia’s eyes were wide with horror. “Oh my God! I’m so sorry!”

“Its fine,” Nate assured her. “Here let me take that so it doesn’t drip everywhere.”

Nate went to the kitchen and dumped the remaining juice in the sink. Mia was close behind him and before he realized what she was doing, she wet a kitchen towel and began dabbing at the red stains on his shirt. He wouldn’t have minded her touch if it had been focused on him and not the damn shirt.

“I’m so sorry,” she said again, her slender face filled with mortification.

“Mia, its fine. It was an accident.” One he had actually caused. He hadn’t realized until it was too late that there was still juice left inside the small carton when he’d grabbed for it.

She continued blotting at the stains until water soaked through and the stains were now a faint pink. He grabbed her hand to stop her frantic dabbing. “It’s just a shirt,” he whispered.

She stilled and glanced up at him. “I know. It’s just…it looks expensive.”

“It’s not,” he lied, wanting to erase the agitation from her eyes. “Besides,” he continued with a small grin, “it’ll wash. If not, I’ll just buy a new one.”

She visibly relaxed, then glanced away, nodding. Her nearness started to wreak havoc on his senses. Her fresh, sweet scent was an erotic tease. He unconsciously tightened his hand over hers. At the small action, her eyes widened then flew up to his. He ignored the surprised confusion on her face. Instead he focused on her wide, full lips. He remembered their soft sweetness and wanted to taste them again. Driven by a force stronger than his own will power, Nate leaned down…

She jerked away from him then took a step back, effectively bringing him back to reality. He cursed himself silently as his regret and frustration strained against his slacks. The last thing he needed to do was complicate their situation with his lust.

“Sorry,” he murmured roughly.

With her back now turned to him, she nodded, saying nothing.

“You must be tired,” he said quietly. “Why don’t you take the back bedroom at the end of the hall?”

She fidgeted with the towel in her hand then placed it on the counter, still not looking at him. “That’s okay. I’ll sleep with Mikey.”

“The bed in the other room is bigger and you’ll be more comfortable.” Nate purposely didn’t mention it was actually his bedroom, as it would have only increased her obvious discomfort. “Besides, why disturb him when there’s plenty of space for us to spread out.”

She didn’t argue with him and he suspected fatigue and weariness must be weighing on her.

As Nate lay awake on the sofa, his thoughts were filled with the woman sleeping in his bed, the woman who had borne him a son. It occurred to him that it was already too late. Things between them had gone beyond complicated.





Chapter Eight



Nate woke up to a light tugging on his arm. Through the large windows, early morning light streamed into the living room and onto the sofa where he slept. Beside him, a bed-rumpled Mikey stood pushing at his arm.

Mikey.

Memory of the night before pierced through his sleep-fogged mind. For a moment, he’d forgotten. He was a father now.

“Daddy?” the small voice came. “I forgot where the toilet is and I have to potty.”

Nate sat up, now alert. As he led Mikey into the bathroom, he recalled the moment last night when he’d told Mikey who he was. Their son’s oblivion of who he was and their relationship to each other had bothered Nate. A lot.

“Mikey, do you know who I am?” Nate had asked when they had been alone in the brightly lit bathroom.

Mikey had nodded. “You’re the man from the hotel room.”

Nate smiled softly. “Yeah,” he’d said gently. “I’m also your dad.”

Mikey stared at him curiously. “I never had a daddy before. Mommy said not everybody has one.”

That admission had irritated Nate but he didn’t let Mikey see it. “Your mom was just waiting for the right time to bring you to me,” Nate explained.

“Are we coming to live with you now?”

Nate regarded him closely. “Do you want to?”

Mikey nodded his head eagerly. “I like it here better than the other place.”

Nate had smiled at that and his son had proceeded to tell him about their long drive to Chicago and the things he’d seen along the way.

His son’s excited chatter from last night now spilled into this morning. Nate didn’t mind. He smiled and nodded, asking questions when necessary. He answered a few peculiar ones of his own too, like how the water in the sink got so cold when it wasn’t in the fridge. His answer had been embellished, but Mikey didn’t seem to notice.

Once they were done in the bathroom, Nate went to check in on Mia. The door to his bedroom was left partly open and Nate peered in. He immediately found her sleeping form in the middle of the wide bed. She looked soft and inviting. He would have given anything to be lying next to her.

That was wishful thinking, however, remembering the way she pulled away from him. Nate turned to leave but before he could react, Mikey pushed past him, running full speed toward the bed. He grabbed his son just before he reached the bed and carried him out of the bedroom.

“Shh,” Nate said once they were out of the room. “Mommy’s sleeping.”

He brought Mikey to the kitchen but realized he didn’t have anything suitable to feed a four-year-old for breakfast. He found some orange juice but didn’t have a cup small enough for his small hands. The tote bag Mia had rummaged through last night had seemed well supplied so he grabbed it. Inside, he found a small green plastic cup with a matching lid and straw, as well as another juice carton, a few snacks, some toys, books, wet wipes, napkins, and a travel size first aid kit. Nates’ lips quirked up. She had come prepared for anything.

“Looks like we’re gonna have to go out for breakfast,” Nate said to Mikey, pouring orange juice into the small green cup. “What do you want to eat?”

“Cheetos!” Mikey exclaimed, grabbing the snack Nate had lain on the counter.

While Mikey munched on the cheesy puff chips, Nate surveyed his kitchen to see what supplies he’d need. He figured between him and Mikey, they could do the grocery shopping while Mia slept.

Nate left a quick note for her, got himself and his son dressed, and within minutes they were out the door.



* * * *



The cool, smooth sheets brought Mia softly awake. She caught the warm, spicy scent on the pillow and sprang up, disoriented.

She was in Nate’s bed, in his room. She looked around as memories of last night came rushing back to her. Mia fell back against the pillows with a heavy sigh.

Last night she had recognized his scent the moment she had crawled into bed. It had been so inviting, so comforting, she had fallen asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.

However, she couldn’t stay in bed forever. She would have to get up and face him again. She groaned at the thought.

The awkward moment in the kitchen last night played back in her head. She was too in-tuned with him not to recognize the sharp desire that had radiated from him—or the frustration that had flared when she’d pulled away.

Deep in her core, she had wanted his kiss, his touch. Badly. But her supercharged senses wouldn’t have been able to stand it if he had.

Mia groaned again then rolled out of the large bed. The apartment was strangely quiet and she immediately went to the guest bedroom. Empty.

She suppressed the panic threatening to rise and walked through the apartment, calling out for Mikey.

When she got to the kitchen, she found the note next to the half-eaten bag of Cheetos.



Mikey and I went out to buy food.

We’ll be back soon. —N



Mia had told him they wouldn’t be staying long, but if he insisted on ignoring her, she wouldn’t make a fuss. Let him do what he wanted. She just needed to know if he intended to help them or not so they could be on their way.

It wasn’t lost on her that he hadn’t given her an answer last night. Then again, she had dropped a few bombshells on his lap, the main one being Mikey, so she could understand if he needed some time to let it all sink in.

Right now, she would just have to wait for them to get back.

She cleaned up the mess they’d left in the kitchen, making a mental note to tell Nate, and remind her son, that Cheetos weren’t an appropriate breakfast food.

Eventually, she moved the rest of their bags into the guest bedroom but because she didn’t know how long they were staying, she didn’t unpack. The last thing she wanted was to scare Nate into thinking they were moving in, she thought wryly.

Curiosity, however, got the better of her and she began to explore his neatly kept and expensively furnished apartment. The condo had three bedrooms, though one of them had been converted into an office.

Though it was elegant and chic, there was no real warmth in his apartment that came from the little things like pictures or plants or just simply…color. The decor was mainly whites, blacks, and grays with superficial artwork on the walls instead of family photos. There had been a greeting card with a picture of an older couple on it in his office that read, Happy Holidays from the Carlson’s.

Besides that small memento, nothing else.

His bedroom had a walk-in closet being shamefully underused yet was filled with his scent. She ran her fingers along some of his hanging shirts, enjoying the feel of the soft material, visualizing them adorning his hard frame.

She eventually left the closet and entered the connecting bathroom. This bathroom was bigger than the one out in the hall with a standing shower encased by tall, frosted glass. It practically begged her to take a long, hot shower and she exhaled with deep pleasure. This made up for her brief stay at the grimy motel last night.

Twenty minutes later, dressed in a light coral summer dress, Mia sat in the living room hoping her son wasn’t driving Nate crazy. Shopping with Mikey could easily become an expedition if he wasn’t properly maintained.

The silence in the large apartment began to bother her. She turned on the television to fill the quiet. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been without her son and his early morning chatter. Back home, there was always noise, whether it was from her son’s constant chatter, or Leah’s coming and goings, or from the television, there was always activity at their house. A few times, she had wished for some peace and quiet. Now that she had it, she found it unnerving…and lonely.

Thinking of her sister, Mia realized she’d forgotten to call her. When her call went unanswered, Mia left a voice message letting her sister know they had made it but were now staying with Nate.

When she hung up, keys jangled and slid into the door. She got up just as Mikey came running into the apartment. Nate followed, his hands crowded with grocery bags.

“Mommy, look at my new toy!”

Mia looked down at the strange looking action figure, smiling at her son’s excitement. “It’s nice,” she said pulling him close to her. “Did you thank your dad?”

He nodded vehemently then ran off to continue his pretend flying and fighting.

Mia followed Nate into the kitchen. “Did you buy out the entire grocery store?” she teased.

Nate’s lips quirked up. “Too much?”

She cocked her head to the side. “I think you have enough to feed half the Duggar family.”

“Who?”

Mia chuckled. “Never mind.”

“I wasn’t sure what to get so I figured I’d cover all the bases.” He stared at her for a long moment and she began to grow self-conscious.

“You look very pretty,” he said quietly.

Mia couldn’t help the blush warming her face or the small smile tugging her lips from the simple compliment. “Thanks,” she murmured, shifting nervously and brushing her hair behind her ear. She had let the thick, wavy strands hang down her shoulders, instead of in its usual ponytail. She doubted it was her hair that had caught his attention. It was her thin-strapped, high-waist summer dress. The simple dress was so long, it reached her ankles but the half-pink, half-peach color complimented her skin tone so well she was starting to think maybe she had chosen to wear it in hopes he would notice. The way he eyed her, he certainly had.

Wanting to break his direct attention from her, Mia moved to unload the shopping bags. She smiled when she saw the many boxes of macaroni and cheese.

“I see Mikey helped big with the shopping.”

Nate laughed, grabbing a few bags to unpack. “I didn’t realize there were so many until we got to check out.”

There was also a good supply of cheese crackers, string cheese, cheese dip, and of course Cheetos. The amount of food was enough to feed a large family. He must have spent hundreds of dollars here.

“I really appreciate you trying to make things comfortable for us,” Mia began, “but really this wasn’t necessary.” Tension invaded his tall frame but she continued on. “As soon as you give me an answer, we’ll be out of your way.”

Nate turned to her, his jaw set. “I want him to stay with me.”

Mia frowned, not sure she’d heard him correctly. “What?”

“I want Mikey to stay here,” he repeated forcefully. “I’ve already missed out on so much and I want to get to know him. And I want him to know me.”

Mia looked up at him, shocked. Of all the things he could have told her, she hadn’t expected this. Though she would love for her son to know his father, she wasn’t prepared to be without him, and Nate hadn’t said anything about her staying.

“I-I don’t think that’s possible right now. Or a good idea,” she added. “There’s been so much change in his life already. This would just…complicate things for him.”

Nate’s eyes burned into hers. “You complicated this the moment you decided to keep him from me,” he barked. “I don’t want to fight you on this but I will if I have to.”

His unspoken threat was loud and clear. Anger and a fierce protectiveness suddenly filled her. “How dare you,” she snapped with barely suppressed rage. “You will not take him from me, you hear me. You will not!”

Nate looked down at her with his own emerging anger and determination. “Don’t test me, Mia. He’s my son too.”

“No, he’s mine,” she said fiercely. “I carried him. I raised him. I wanted him. So don’t you dare stand there and pretend that you want him!”

He looked as if he wanted to strangle her but she was too upset to back down. “You never even gave me a chance,” he said harshly. “You took that choice away from me so it’s your fault I’m even in this position.”

Pain and guilt sliced through her as his words dug deep. Some of the anger burst out of her. He was right. It was her fault—she had already acknowledged that—but she wasn’t going to let him take Mikey from her. She wasn’t.

“I just want to be in his life,” he continued. “And I will be, whether you like it or not.”

“Nate, I won’t stop you from seeing him but he’s not staying—”

“He’s staying right here,” Nate bit out harshly. “With or without you.”

A cold chill ran down her back. She knew enough of the law that if he decided to fight her for custody, he may just win. She was on shaky ground and he had the stability and financial backing to his advantage.

“This was a mistake,” she whispered, backing away from him. She turned to leave, fully intending to grab her son and get as far away from him as she could. She got as far as two feet before he grabbed her arm and jerked her back.

“Mia, if you walk out of here,” he growled close to her ear, “I swear, I’ll make sure you regret it.”

She ignored the pain of his tight grip and whirled around to face him. His face was a harsh mask and whatever they had once shared, whatever he had once felt for her, might as well have never existed. Would he actually try to take away the most important person in her life? The only person who mattered to her more than her own life?

“Would you really do that to me?” she whispered thickly, tears blurring her vision as she stared at him searchingly. “Do you hate me that much?”

“Damn it, of course I don’t,” he said gruffly, crushing her to him. The tension and anger fell away from him as he wrapped his arms around her. “I’m not trying to take him away from you, Mia, but I don’t want you to punish me either for something I said a long time ago.”

Punish him? He thought she hadn’t told him about Mikey out of spite?

Mia pushed away from his tight embrace and looked up at him. “I’m not trying to hurt or punish you, Nate. But I’m his mother and he needs me.”

He stared down at her, his eyes grim. “He needs both of us.”

Mia took a deep breath. He was right. Because she had only known the love of one parent, and had been just as determined as her mother to raise her child on her own, she’d forgotten a fundamental point in raising a son. Even with all the love, nurturing, and life lessons she could provide, she couldn’t teach Mikey to be a man. Their son needed him as much as he needed her.

Mia glanced away from him, hating herself for her selfishness. After all these years, she finally realized she had made this all about her and his rejection of her. She hadn’t given him a chance or a choice, so she had no right to keep Mikey away from him now.

She crossed her arms around her middle. “I really screwed things up, didn’t I,” she whispered.

“In this, I think we both did,” he said softly. “Now let’s make it right.”

She nodded. “How?”

He leaned against the counter, his eyes unreadable. “Stay with me this summer.”

When she didn’t immediately respond, he continued. “I can take care of you and Mikey. You won’t have to worry about anything.”

“Summer’s a long time and I do have responsibilities back in Detroit.”

“Is it work?”

“No, not really, but I have to start looking for something more stable.” Her temp jobs wouldn’t be able to support them, especially after Leah left. “Mikey’s also gonna start preschool this fall and I have to get him registered. Then there’s the house. If I don’t pay the bank by September…” She glanced away, not needing to get into details about what would happen if the bank foreclosed.

He was silent for a long time. Finally he said, “Give me the summer and I’ll pay off the mortgage.”

Her gaze flew up to him. Expecting to pay off such a large amount just to spend time with his son seemed crass of her. Then again, wasn’t this why she was here? What he was proposing would solve a big problem for her. Spend the summer with him and he would save their home.

It was that simple…and yet, that hard.

“Okay,” she whispered.

He visibly relaxed.

“I’ll have to go back and get us some more stuff,” she continued ruefully. “I didn’t pack enough for us to spend the whole summer away.”

Nate shook his head. “You just got here and I don’t want you to have to make the long drive for stuff you can buy here. I’ll set up an account for you and you can get what you need.”

Mia wasn’t looking forward to the drive either so she didn’t argue. The irony wasn’t lost on her that she had no money of her own and would have to depend on him for their living. She would take it but she didn’t have to like it.



* * * *



Mia was still smiling from Mikey’s reaction to the news that they would be spending the summer with Nate. Their son had literally thrown himself at Nate with a loud ‘Yay!’ Thanks to Nate’s fast reflexes, he had managed to catch him mid-air.

Mia had then called Leah to tell her about their change of plans and the short list of things she would need her to send to them.

However, her conversation with her sister only made Mia lose her positive outlook on their arrangement.

“How do you know he’s not gonna try to get custody of Mouse?”

“He’s not,” Mia had said, though even to her own ears she didn’t sound convincing. “Nate just wants to spend more time with him so they can get to know each other. It is his right.”

Leah scoffed. “Mia, all he has to do is prove you can’t take care of your kid and the courts will be on his side.”

“He’s not like that.” She may have thought that herself not too long ago, but she believed Nate when he said he wouldn’t try to take Mikey from her.

“Really, Mia?” her sister said, exasperated. “Then why doesn’t he just give you the money now? He’s probably stringing you along and when you least expect it, he’s gonna take Mikey away and not give you a damn dime.”

Mia shook her head, trying not to let her sister’s assumptions cloud her judgment. Nate was honest, sometimes painfully so, and she didn’t believe he was manipulating her. Besides, Leah didn’t know him beyond the one meeting they had so long ago. She wouldn’t understand.

Yet the budding uncertainty wouldn’t leave her. Nate and Mikey had formed an instant bond and Nate looked at their son in the same way she felt. With love and fierce protectiveness. Would Nate actually let them—rather, Mikey—go at the end of the summer or would he come up with yet another proposition? One that could keep Mikey here with him permanently.

Mia shook the negative thoughts away. She wouldn’t let her sister’s suspicions change her mind. Nate may not have wanted children then, but he wanted to be in Mikey’s life now, which was all Mia could have hoped for. She would give him the summer as he’d requested and trusted he would honor their agreement at the end.

Seeing how father and son were together, the issue wasn’t whether Nate would let Mikey go, but whether Mikey could let him go. How would she handle that if her son refused to leave his father?





Chapter Nine



It was Sunday morning, when Nate realized he needed to child proof his home. It wasn’t just the shattered vase or the juice stained carpet, or even the bright orange fingerprints on the walls. It was Mikey’s near fall on the edge of the center glass table that had practically stopped his heart.

Mikey was a small ball of energy and excitement. He couldn’t sit still so Nate decided a trip to the park would help him expend some of his pent-up energy. While Mia had been in the kitchen packing a quick lunch, he’d found Mikey jumping from the sofa to the single seater. Nate had just entered the living room when Mikey decided to show off his ability.

“Look, Daddy, I can fly!”

Mikey’s confidence in his ability, however, was grossly overstated. He wasn’t going to make it across and Nate knew it.

Nate got there barely in time to catch him before he nearly hit the sharp edge of the center table. Mikey had giggled and squealed, unaware of his near fatal accident, but Nate’s heart pounded in his chest. He looked at the glass table, the edge looking sharper than it ever had before. And that hadn’t been the only hazardous piece of furniture he’d noticed. Everywhere he looked, there was a potential for serious injury. Nate began making a mental list of things he would need to cover or get rid of. He couldn’t endure another scare like that.

Before he had sat Mikey down, Nate had wrangled a promise from him to never try ‘flying’ again, which Mikey had immediately followed up with a, “Why come?”

“Because you scared the hell out of me,” Nate responded without thinking.

Mikey covered his mouth, giggling. “Daddy, you said a bad word,” he whispered.

Nate reminded himself he needed to watch his language around his son for these next two months. Nate’s jaw clenched, thinking about the arrangement he had entered into with Mia. He hated the thought that he had so little time with his son when he had already missed out on so many years. However, it had seemed like the only way he could get Mia to agree to stay.

He’d meant what he’d said to her about not taking Mikey from her, but he honestly didn’t know if he could let her take their son away from him at the end of the summer. A son he was just getting to know. Nate tried not to think about it right now. He would deal with that when the time came.

They eventually made it to the park, which was crowded with families, students, and some tourists. The park was one of Chicago’s bigger, popular parks with lush green fields and an enclosed playground with white, fine-grain sand.

“I forgot how beautiful this city is,” Mia whispered, her face turned up to the warm sun.

They both sat on one of the park benches facing the playground Mikey was now running around in. He entered a brown and red playhouse and was momentarily hidden from their sight.

Her small smile of pleasure was enchanting and he found himself smiling in response.

“I’ve never been to this park,” she said, turning to face him. “How’d you find out about it?”

“We have the annual company summer picnic here.” Her eyes widened in surprise and Nate laughed. “It’s sort of a new thing we started a few years back as a way to give back to our employees and boost morale. The next one’s coming up in a few weeks.”

“That’s sounds like fun,” she whispered, glancing away.

Nate shrugged. The event was more for his employees than for him. Though he made an attendance every year since its start, Nate had never had a reason to stay long. He’d greet his employees and their families then make a quick exit. Looking over at Mikey, he thought his son would thoroughly enjoy himself there. “The employees seem to really like it,” Nate said. “And I think you and Mikey would too.”

“I’m sure we would,” she said, still not looking at him but there was clear uncertainty in her tone. “To be honest, though, I have a hard time picturing your father out here, in khakis, mingling with his employees.”

Nate saw what she was doing but let her steer the conversation elsewhere. “My father doesn’t come to them,” Nate said mildly. Charles McArthur had actually been against the whole thing but when he’d noticed the improvement in employee performance and retention, he couldn’t deny this was just one of the many changes that had been worth the investment. As a result, McArthur, Murphy and Company had been recognized as one of the most sought after companies and last year they had been listed as one of the top ten family-friendly businesses to work for in Chicago.

“Then how did you get away with throwing a company picnic?” she asked, finally looking at him.

“I took over for my father after he retired two years ago,” he said with a wry smile. “With him out, I’ve been able to implement a few more changes.”

“I never imagine you heading up MMC,” she said thoughtfully. “The traditional nine-to-five never seemed to be your thing.”

“Yeah, well things change,” he said staring off in the distance. After their breakup, Nate had thrown himself into his father’s company, working until he would pass out with exhaustion so he didn’t have to think about her during those quiet nights. His work schedule was more balanced now, but he still kept up with his investment company, though he wasn’t as active in taking on new clients as he’d once been.

Silence stretched between them, until he finally asked, “What happened with law school? Did you ever finish?”

“No, I had to take a break when I had Mikey,” she replied softly. “And there wasn’t time to go back.”

That bothered him to think she had never finished the one thing she had been so dead-set on five years ago. If he had been there with her during it all, she probably would have been able to find the time. “Do you want to go back?”

She shrugged. “Maybe…when the time’s right.” She fell silent after that simple response. He was about to tell her that the time was now right just as Mikey’s squeal of joy came flittering to where they sat. They turned to the direction of the sound to find him being chased by another little boy around the merry-go-round.

They both smiled.

Since she wasn’t going to elaborate, he let the subject drop. “When did you move back to Detroit?”

She paused before answering him. “A few months before I had Mikey.” She looked down at her hands. “My mother offered to help me while I got the hang of things,” she whispered.

Nate thought about the last night he’d seen her. “That night,” he began. “Is that when you left?”

She gave a curt nod. “The thought of being pregnant and alone in a city where I had no family was…scary.”

Nate didn’t like to think she had felt helpless and alone when he’d been there. Then again, she hadn’t even told him about her pregnancy. Did she think he would have abandoned her once she’d told him? Had she thought him that big a bastard?

“You weren’t alone,” he said, his voice tight. “You should have told me.”

She turned away from him. “Yeah, I know that now. But back then, the last thing I wanted was for you to think I was trying to trap you.”

His irritation immediately left him when he thought of their conversation that night long ago. He vaguely remembered telling her marriage and children weren’t for him. He’d been content with the way things were between them but then she’d wanted more than he was prepared to give her, or any woman for that matter, and that had been the end of them.

They had been perfect together but marriage, even the promise of marriage, would have complicated things between them. He didn’t understand the need to legally bind himself to any woman. To him, marriage didn’t mean happiness or love or any of the crap the media pushed into women’s heads. It meant loneliness and anger, resentment and regret.

His parents’ marriage was a perfect example of that. They were married only because his mother had the good sense to get pregnant with him and snare herself a husband who was pretty well off. His father had decided to do the honorable thing by saddling himself with a wife and kid he spent most of his time ignoring. Apparently, the sheer expense of a divorce, alimony, and child support, as his father occasionally reminded him, kept him from dissolving his loveless marriage.

With his opposing outlook on marriage, Nate couldn’t blame Mia for thinking he would have accused her of trying to trap him. He honestly couldn’t say he wouldn’t have suspected her of it had she told him she was pregnant. He’d been young and adamant against marrying anyone. A baby, however, changed everything and he certainly wouldn’t have left her had he known.

“Either way,” he finally said, “I would have been there with you.”

“I guess I let my selfishness get in the way,” she murmured. “It’s not like you needed to marry me to be in Mikey’s life. Plenty of couples have kids without being married these days. I was thinking only of myself, thinking I had to have it all.”

Nate looked at her but she kept her gaze averted. Her explanation was her way of apologizing for her decision that resulted in their current situation.

“I played a part in all this too,” he said. “We both have our regrets, and what’s done is done. Let’s call a truce and begin again.” He held out his hand to her, palm up. “Deal?”

She glanced up at him with a small smile. “Deal,” she said slipping her hand into his. He brought it up to his lips for a quick kiss.

What was meant to be a chaste and light-hearted peck ended up sending sparks surging between them. She must have felt it too because she snatched her hand away and clasped it tightly on her lap.

They continued their conversation, which now centered on their son.

“And he was just two?”

She nodded, a small smile on her lips. “I don’t know where he got the idea to strip his clothes off and run out of the house in the wee hours of the morning but I eventually had a new doorknob installed so his little hands couldn’t get to it.”

Nate smiled, loving the way her eyes softened when she talked about their son, even when Mikey had given her just one more reason to pull her hair out.

Just then, Mikey came running up to them with his hands cupped in front of him. They both smiled as he drew near.

“Look Mommy,” Mikey said, “I got something for you.” He opened his hand and dropped something green on her lap.

They both stared down at it, perplexed. Then it came to him.

“Oh my God,” Mia whispered, her voice wavering. “Is that a—”

She didn’t get to finish. The large, bright green grasshopper jumped off her lap and onto the ground. Nate didn’t think he’d ever seen Mia move so fast. He stared in amazement as she flew out of her seat, shrieking, shuddering, and shaking her skirts.

Mikey, however, continued giggling over her panic. His son’s next words were so unexpected, Nate threw back his head and laughed.

“Mommy, did he scare the hell outta you?”



* * * *



During the drive back home, Mia and Nate had their first argument on parenting style.

“Mikey, that was not funny,” Mia berated her son again, still shuddering from her son’s little stunt. She hadn’t stopped reprimanding him since they left the park and Nate’s obvious amusement over the incident only added to her annoyance.

“Oh relax, already,” Nate said, still amused. “He’s just being a kid.”

“First, don’t tell me to relax,” she snapped. “It wasn’t your skirt that thing was crawling over.”

“It didn’t hurt you,” he said, glancing at her from the driver seat. “Hell, I think the damn thing was more scared of you than you were of him.”

Mia pursed her lips. “Now I see where he got it,” she muttered. “One day with you and he’s already dropping H-bombs.”

Nate lost his smirk. “What? Hell?” he asked, incredulous. “That’s technically not a bad word.”

Mia glanced back at Mikey, who sat looking out the car window, seemingly oblivious to their argument. “That must have been okay when your parents were raising you,” Mia said sharply, “but I don’t want my four-year-old talking like that so I’d appreciate it if you’d watch your language around him.”

“Because a few mild swear words are gonna turn him into a delinquent,” Nate bit out sarcastically.

“Maybe,” she snapped. “I don’t know what kind of father you want to be but you obviously have a lot to learn.”

Nate fell silent and Mia immediately regretted her words. From his clenched jaw and tense profile, she realized she had gone too far.

Later that night, as she prepared Mikey for bed, their argument replayed in her head. Her son’s forlorn words had her revisiting their angry discussion.

“Are you and Daddy still mad at me?”

Mia looked at her son, the earnest expression on his round face tugged at her heart. Nate had been withdrawn all evening and she wondered if she had made a big deal over nothing. She certainly had with the grasshopper. Now that she had time to get over her repulsion, it hadn’t been something worth building an argument over.

“No, baby, I’m not mad at you,” Mia said, pulling him to her for a quick hug. “And neither is Daddy. We just had a disagreement that’s all.”

Her son looked up at her, his eyes still solemn. “I’m sorry I used the bad word. I didn’t mean to. It just came out.”

“I know you didn’t mean to, baby,” she said, smiling down at him. Though a foul mouth wasn’t something Mia wanted to encourage, Mikey had certainly heard plenty from her and Leah when their conversations became heated and they didn’t think he was around. She realized now, with Nate, she had blown this out of proportion. They were all new to this situation. It hadn’t been fair for her to judge him on his parenting mishaps. He was trying and she should appreciate that. Mia was filled with a lot of should haves.

“Come on,” Mia said, “let’s get you in bed.”

As Mikey scrambled into the bed, she pulled out his big book of bedtime stories. “What story do you want to read tonight?” she asked, sitting on the bed as she flipped through the pages.

“Can Daddy read with me tonight?” Her son surprised her by asking.

His eager request made her smile and she flipped the book shut. Sunday nights were their reading nights together but she couldn’t begrudge her son for wanting to spend more time with his dad. Father and son were both growing an attachment she didn’t want to break.

“Okay, I’ll ask him.” She placed a soft kiss on his forehead then left the room. The door to Nate’s office stood ajar. She headed toward the end of the hall and peered inside. He looked so alone, sitting there behind his desk in the large room by himself.

Whatever was on the computer screen held his full attention and for a moment, she stood there watching him. It was like a self-imposed isolation he’d created for himself. Not just the office but the entire condo. Mia wanted to change that. She wanted to pierce through his aloof wall, through the solitary shield he had built around himself.

He looked up suddenly. Mia started. She pushed the door wide open and walked in. His eyes were unreadable as she approached him.

“Sorry for bothering you,” she rushed out, trying to cover her embarrassment for being caught peeping. “Your son’s asking for you.”

Nate immediately rose from his seat. “Is he okay?”

“Yes,” Mia assured him, handing him the book of bedtime stories. “He just wants you to read to him tonight.”

Nate looked a bit surprised, but took the book from her grasp. “All right.”

As he headed toward the door, Mia called out to him, “By the way, he thought you were mad at him so you may want to talk to him about that.”

Nate turned to her, frowning. “Why would he think that?”

She glanced away. “I think it may have something to do with what happened earlier, when I made a big deal out of nothing.”

He stared at her for a moment. Mia hoped he could read the apology in her words. Instead, he simply nodded and headed out the door.

Mia sighed then left his office. She didn’t know how they were going to last the entire summer if they continued like this.

She wasn’t used to this co-parenting. She certainly wasn’t accustomed to granting anyone else an opinion about how to raise her son. Her mother and Leah had learned early on that she had the final say on how to raise him. With Nate, however, it was different. Mikey was his too.

Mia went into the bedroom and began unpacking her things. Having to dig through her luggage for toiletries and underwear was starting to get old. Since they were going to stay a while longer, she decided to make herself comfortable, which would require some changes around the condo.

Having finished her unpacking, she sat in the living room, adding to the list of things she’d asked her sister to ship. A few minutes later, Nate joined her.

“He’s asleep now,” Nate said, falling onto the sofa beside her.

Mia glanced over at him, smiling. “Was it that rough?”

Nate sighed, though a small smile formed on his lips. “He kept begging me to read him another story. I didn’t have the heart to say no.”

Mia nodded, all too familiar with her son’s puppy-dog expression. She guessed she should have warned Nate but then he would miss out on the fun of learning their son’s mischievous ways himself.

All of a sudden, he lost his easy smile. “Look, about earlier,” he started. “I’m sorry I—”

“No,” she interrupted him. “I need to apologize. I was over the top today and shouldn’t have attacked you like that.”

Nate sat forward in his seat and ran his hand through his hair. “This is all new to me so when it comes to Mikey, I want us to be a team. I don’t know what kind of father I’ll be, but I’ll try my hardest to be the best I can.”

His affirmation seemed to come from someplace deeper than their mere argument. Who was he comparing himself to?

For some reason, the need to reach out to him, to comfort him was too great for her to ignore. “Nate, you’ve been a father for two days and I think you’re doing great,” she whispered, touching his arm. “Half of being a parent is trial and error. Today, it was error on both our parts.”

The muscles in his forearm tensed and he looked over at her. She immediately pulled her hand away. Awkward silence settled between them for a moment. Then he glanced down at the notepad on her lap.

“What are you writing there?” he asked.

“A list of things I’m gonna have Leah ship for us. Is it cool if she sends them here?”

He stared at her, incredulous. “Of course, it’s cool. Mia, I want you to feel comfortable here,” he added quietly.

She glanced away, feeling silly. She didn’t know why she’d asked that, of course he wouldn’t object, but this was his home and she didn’t want to assume anything.

“I do…” she whispered.

“But…” he prompted.

She looked up at him. “This is your home. I don’t want to overstep my welcome here.”

“You won’t,” he said, looking at her intensely. “You’re the mother of my son. Think of this as your second home.”

Mia glanced around the beautifully maintained condo. It was hard to believe just two days ago she had walked in here, not knowing what to expect. Now she was thinking up ways to make this place feel like a home. And she had just the idea. She would just need to enlist her sister’s help to accomplish what she had in mind.

“So you won’t mind if I make a few changes around here?” she asked cautiously. “Maybe a little redecorating?”

“Go right ahead,” he said. Then he added with a grin, “Just please, no pink. I have to live here too.”

She smiled back. “I promise I won’t go crazy. But how do you feel about coral?”





Chapter Ten



The next morning, Mia was rudely awakened by the bedside alarm. She turned at the harsh sound and pounded at the thin, black clock until the annoying sound stopped.

It was a little after six in the morning. Her sleep fatigued mind was barely functional as she rolled out of the large bed and padded down the hall to the living room. The shades on the windows were drawn, letting in a little of the soft morning light.

She found Nate in the same place she had left him last night. This was his third night sleeping on the sofa, and he had to be feeling it by now. He was obviously too tall for the couch. His feet practically hung over the side. Last night she had insisted he take his bed back and she would just sleep with Mikey but again he had refused.

Mia walked up to the sofa where he slept on his stomach. He was naked except for the navy blue boxers he wore that were exposed through the thin sheet barely covering him. Mia couldn’t help but admire the firm sinew of his back. Memories of stroking and clinging to his muscular frame as he moved over her flooded her senses.

Her mouth grew dry and she flushed all over from the erotically vivid memory.

Without thinking, she ran her fingers through his hair. “Nate,” she whispered softly. “Wake up.” At her light touch and soft command, he slowly turned his head with a grunt. “What time is it?” His voice was gruff from sleep.

“The alarm went off in the bedroom,” she replied. “So I guess it’s time for work?”

He sat up with another groan, rubbing his neck. Even with his mussed hair and unshaven face, he looked impossibly handsome.

“You can’t keep sleeping out here like this,” she whispered, crawling on the couch until she was slightly behind him. With her legs tucked beneath her, she placed her hands on his shoulders and began firmly kneading his tense muscles. She was a bit amazed by her boldness but his half-sleep state made it easier.

He leaned his head forward and groaned with what she hoped was pleasure. “I forgot how good those hands were.”

Mia smiled, enjoying the feel of his muscles easing beneath her fingers. His shoulders were broader then she remembered. The heat radiating from him was as soothing as it was magnetic. She wanted to press her body fully against his and absorb his heat.

Her hands faltered as she gave herself a mental slap and slammed the door shut on those dangerous thoughts.

She concentrated on the familiarity of her movements, remembering all of his pressure points.

“Are you seeing anyone?”

They both tensed at her unexpectedly blunt question. Heat rushed to her cheeks. Where the hell did that come from?

Mia dropped her hands as he turned to face her. She glanced away, too embarrassed to look at him.

“I’m sorry,” she whispered. “That’s none of my business. You don’t—”

“No,” he said, voice low and warm. “I’m not seeing anyone.”

She brought her eyes up to his.

“You?”

She shook her head, her heart thumping loudly in her chest. They sat there staring at each other, his heated gaze pierced hers then dropped to her lips and she unconsciously licked them. His eyes got the same dark look they usually did before he kissed her. Mia’s breath hitched as she remembered and anticipated his mouth over hers again.

She didn’t move a muscle as he slowly, gently brought his hand up to the side of her face and down the back of her neck. He leaned forward, his eyes hooded yet focused intently on her mouth. She lowered her lids, as the heat from his lips hovered mere inches from hers and she waited with bated anticipation for the warm touch of his…

“Mommy?”

They both jumped back, startled by their tiny, bed-rumpled intrusion. Mia exhaled softly, though tension still kept a strong grip on her. She got up from the couch and turned to their son, acutely aware of the simple yellow nightshirt she wore with a faded rose printed on the front.

“Yes, baby?”

“I’m hungry,” he said, coming up to her. He rested his head on her tummy and Mia brushed her fingers through his hair.

“Okay, go brush your teeth and I’ll make you some cereal.”

He moved away from her to give Nate a quick hug. “Can Daddy have some too?”

Mia glanced over at Nate, who returned her look with big, woeful eyes. “Pretty please,” he said for added effect. “I’ve been good.”

Mia laughed, shaking her head in exasperation. Just barely.



* * * *





“Are you sure he’s yours?”

“Yes, Fred. I’m sure,” Nate snapped, glaring at his friend. He had asked Fred to lunch to tell him about the son he’d only found out about just a few short days ago. He’d purposely left out the arrangement he’d made with Mia in exchange for keeping Mikey for the summer. Fred, however, had always been sharp.

“I’m not trying to insult her,” Fred said in defense, “but it wouldn’t be the first time a woman tried to pawn off a kid for a big payout.”

“Mia’s not like that,” Nate said. “And it’s hard to explain but if you saw him, you wouldn’t even be asking.”

Fred sat back in his seat. “Then when can I meet the little guy?”

Nate recognized the familiar calculating look on Fred’s face and regarded him coldly. “I’m not gonna parade him around for your curiosity or approval,” he said tersely.

“It’s not like that,” Fred said with a heavy sigh. “I don’t mean to come off so suspicious but this is just sudden news. However, if he’s yours then he’s automatically a part of my family too.”

Nate relaxed slightly. Fred was a trusted friend. The fact that Nate had told his old friend about Mikey before he’d even told his own father said as much. But when it came to Mikey and Mia, Nate would be damned if he’d let anyone so much as hurt their feelings. Before he brought anyone near them, he wanted to be sure they wouldn’t be subject to judgment or scorn. One of the main reasons he would wait to tell his father.

“Why don’t you all come by for dinner this weekend?” Fred suggested. “I’m sure Allison would love the visit.”

“I’ll talk to Mia about it and let you know.”

Later that night, Nate brought it up to Mia while she hurried around the kitchen.

“Fred’s an old family friend,” Nate added. “I think Mikey will like him.”

“Mikey likes everyone,” she said, smiling. “But yes, I think dinner would be fun.” Then she glanced up at him and added, “If you’re sure you’re cool with it.”

Nate stared at her curiously. Once again, she had that uncertain look on her face. The same one she’d had when he’d told her about the company picnic and hinted at her and Mikey going.

“Why wouldn’t I be?” he eventually asked.

She shrugged, turning back to a boiling pot. “I just don’t want things to turn awkward when we...”

Leave?

The unspoken word lay heavy between them. He had two months with Mikey—and with her—yet their inevitable departure seemed to be looming over him relentlessly. A departure she seemed hell-bent on reminding him of constantly—like now.

“I’ll let Fred know to expect us,” Nate simply said.

She nodded and looked away, bringing her focus back to the stove.

Nate watched her for a moment. He loved the graceful way she moved around the kitchen. Just the way she moved, period. She was a lithe blend of elegance and confidence, and the way she breezed around his kitchen was as if she’d been there for years instead of just three days. His kitchen utensils hadn’t seen this much activity since he’d moved in three years ago. The interior decorator he’d hired had seen to the condo’s furnishing and had made sure the kitchen was well supplied.

He remembered the astonished yet impressed look Mia had thrown him when she’d walked into the kitchen to find it well-stocked with brand-new cooking utensils, the kind professionals used. He had simply shrugged and said, “They’re ornamental.” Well aware of his hazardous cooking skills, they both shared a laugh.

The utensils were now, however, being put to good use. He loved the aroma that filled the condo each night from her cooking. Her meals tended to be simple for Mikey’s sake but it certainly beat eating pre-packaged meals and take-out each night.

Mia glanced up when he continued to stand there, watching her. A sparkle flashed in her eyes. “You look like you’re dying to help,” she said, grinning. “Why don’t you come here and mash these for me.”

Nate smiled and rolled up his sleeves. “Yes, ma’am.”

He began mashing the tender potatoes as she instructed. “What are you making?” he asked when she brought out the milk and butter.

“Shepard’s pie.”

He looked at the potatoes that were beginning to look like lumpy vanilla ice cream. “Never had it before,” he said thoughtfully.

She glanced up at him, laughing silently. “Really? Good. Then you won’t judge me for using beef instead of lamb.”

“No judgment here,” he said. “But will Mikey eat it?” He was becoming familiar with his son’s obscure eating habits.

She nodded. “I think he’s back to eating meat, but no more chicken. I also add cheese in the potatoes and he loves it.”

Nate watched as she began layering the cooked ground meat and other ingredients into a large glass dish. He set his bowl aside, confident he had mashed the potatoes into submission. She reached for it and glanced into the bowl.

“Is that good?” he asked.

She must have detected the eager-to-please note in his question because she turned and smiled up at him. “It’s perfect,” she said. “Congratulations, you just made mashed potatoes.”

Nate laughed. “I don’t know where you get this idea that I can’t cook.”

She chuckled, mashing them a few more times before spreading the potatoes over the cooked meat.

He smiled, enjoying the moment of being there with her. There was something about food and heat that brought on a special kind of intimacy. He was more aware of her now than he had been this morning on the couch.

The memory of her kneading and rubbing his tense muscles this morning came rushing back to him. He had never been so aroused. Her soft hands had been creating tension in other places.

The feeling of those soft hands on his bare skin had been divine and her nearness had made it impossibly difficult not to touch her. She had felt the tug of attraction too or else she would have pulled away when he’d gone to kiss her. Instead, their son and his impeccable timing had put a stop to that.

Mia bent over to slide the dish into the oven and he admired the view. She was dressed plainly in a long, pale blue skirt and white cami yet he couldn’t tear his eyes away. She was sexier to him now more than ever. He wanted her but that was nothing new. He had always wanted her.

She moved to the sink to wash up the few dishes left inside. Propelled by a force he couldn’t control, Nate walked up behind her and slipped his arm around her middle. She jumped slightly then stilled. The feel of her pressed against him was overly stimulating. He inhaled deeply, her light, sweet scent drew him like a bee to nectar.

She turned off the faucet and placed her wet hand over his. He tightened his hold, pulling her closer to him.

“Nate…” Her soft whisper was either a question or a plea. He couldn’t tell and it didn’t matter. He was familiar with her body and by the slight shivers vibrating through her, it was obvious his touch wasn’t repelled.

He placed a light kiss on the back of her neck, the spot he knew well.

She trembled and leaned fully against him. He wondered if she could feel his arousal. She had to because the way they were pressed solidly against each other, a slip of paper couldn’t pass between them.

He brought his hands to her waist. He had to taste her.

“I want to kiss you,” he whispered into her ear.

She inhaled sharply then turned in his arms. Bringing her hands up between them, she placed her palm on his chest as if she wasn’t sure whether she should push him away or slide them up around his neck.

Nate made the decision for her. He grabbed her hands and moved them up to his shoulders. Wrapping his arm around her waist, he gently pulled her to him. She stared up at him, her eyes large, dark pools on her smooth brown face. There was uncertainty there, as well as a burning desire that couldn’t be hidden. That was all the encouragement he needed. Nate leaned down and captured her lips with his.

The light, warm touch was like a detonator.

She hesitated for a heartbeat then exploded with passion, wrapping her arms around his neck and slanting her lips with his as he devoured her.

He had her pressed solidly between him and the sink. He sucked and licked at her full lips, his tongue exploring hers. She tasted of warm honey and he couldn’t get enough. His heart thudded in his chest as heat and desire pulsed through his veins. When her tongue brushed against his, he couldn’t stop the low groan that escaped him. He swallowed her soft moans as she pressed her soft breasts against him, her thighs molding alongside him. He was beyond aroused now. His shaft was hard, heavy, and ready to plunge deep inside her.

Nate tore his lips away from her, trailing them along her jaw, down her neck. She tilted her head back to give him better access.

“Mia, baby, I’ve missed you,” he whispered thickly.

Her fingers ran through his hair and his heart quickened from the soft, light touch.

He grabbed the lush curves of her ass but she tensed, shoving at him.

“Oh, God,” she whispered fiercely. “Nate, let me go.”

He immediately released her, staring down at her as confusion and frustration warred inside him. She briefly touched her lips then cleared her throat but she wasn’t looking at him. Nate automatically followed her line of vision. Covered partially by the wall leading into the kitchen huddled Mikey, his small chin wobbling, his eyes filled with unshed tears. Nate wanted to say something but words escaped him as he fought to cool his raging lust.

Mia was quicker to recover. “Mikey, baby, what’s wrong?” She nervously asked, smoothing her hands down her skirt.

With a small whimper, their son ran to Mia and buried his face in her skirt, hugging her tight. They shared a look as Mikey clung to her. Nate’s brow furrowed with concern.

“Sweetie, why are you crying?” Mia asked, running her hand over his dark, wavy hair in such a maternal gesture. The action was full of tenderness and affection, similar to the way she ran her fingers through his.

Nate crouched down to his son’s height when he still refused to speak. “Mikey. Tell us what’s wrong, buddy.” Nate tried to keep his tone gentle but it still came out forceful.

Mikey finally turned to him, his face red but defiant as he kept himself glued to Mia’s leg like he was protecting her. From who? Him?

“You were biting Mommy,” Mikey charged, his small tone filled with accusation.

Nate was stunned by his admission. He couldn’t decide whether he should be appalled or amused. Is that what his kissing looked like? His ego took a serious hit. He glanced up at Mia, who looked just as surprised and embarrassed. Her lips did look a bit swollen.

“I wasn’t biting her,” Nate said gently, feeling like a mauling bastard. “We were…just kissing.”

Mikey shook his head. “That’s not how you’re ’posed to kiss.”

Nate fought to suppress his grin. His son’s boldness never ceased to amaze him. Nate would have laughed if Mikey hadn’t looked so serious. Instead, Nate pried him from around Mia’s leg. He stood and lifted him up until they were eye level. His son kept his head down, avoiding his direct gaze. Nate gently but firmly ordered him to look up.

“Mikey, are you scared of me?” His son took a minute answering but then shook his head. “Good,” Nate said, “because I would never hurt you and I would never hurt Mommy. I certainly wouldn’t bite her.” He glanced over at Mia, his eyes gleaming. Unless she wants me to. Mia read the unspoken pledge in his eyes and glanced away, blushing. He grinned.

Their fiery kiss just a few minutes ago was not far from his mind. Once again, Mikey and his impeccable timing… Later he and Mia would have to find some time to talk about what just happened.

“Tell you what,” Nate said, turning back to his son, “if you promise to tell me when something’s bothering you, I promise I’ll learn the right way to kiss Mommy.”

Mikey tucked his head on his shoulder, nodding. “Okay, I promise.”

Nate placed him down just as the doorbell rang. Mia looked at him surprised, a silent question in her dark eyes.

Nate shrugged then headed to the door. Surprise and annoyance swept over him as he looked through the peephole. As he’d learned to do early on, he walled in his emotions and opened the door.

“Hello father.”

The two men stared at each other for a moment as Nate wondered at his father’s unexpected visit. He rarely ever visited him, especially not at his apartment. Charles McArthur was calculating and manipulative, traits Nate was all too familiar with. Characteristics he didn’t want near his son.

“Aren’t you going to invite me in, Nathan?”

Manners and a deep-rooted acquiescence forced him to step back. “What do you want, father? I was about to have dinner.”

Charles walked into the condo. “And you aren’t going to ask your old man to join you?” he asked, raising a brow.

Nate followed Charles farther into the apartment, retreating behind his cool, indifferent demeanor. He’d learned long ago it was easier to deal with his father like this. The less reactive he was, the less his father tried to provoke him.

“I have company right now so your visit is a bit inconvenient,” Nate replied.

His father regarded him curiously. “From what I hear, you’ve gotten yourself a family now. Imagine my disappointment when I had to hear it first from Carlson, instead of my own son, that I had a grandson.”

Nate’s jaw clenched. Damn Fred. Though he hadn’t asked the other man to keep Mikey a secret, he hadn’t expected him to go discussing it with his father so soon. Nate would have appreciated another day or so to tell Charles himself.

“Do you know how embarrassing it is to pretend I knew what he was talking about when he let it slip that he would be meeting this little guy?” his father continued. “So I figured I’d get ahead of him and check out this family my son’s been keeping from me.”

Before Nate could respond, Mia came out of the kitchen. “Nate—” She came to an abrupt stop, glancing at him then back to his father, uncertainty and anxiety plain on her face. “Mr. McArthur.”

“Mia, why am I not surprised to see you again?” his father mocked. “I hear you got yourself pregnant with my grandson.”

She inhaled sharply but nodded stiffly. “His name’s Mikey.”

“Mikey?” he asked, frowning in disapproval. “If you’re expecting more for him and his future besides a low-budget civic job, I suggest you not get him accustomed to such lazy, common nicknames.”

Nate fists clenched at his sides at the humiliation he could read in Mia’s eyes though she appeared unruffled. Apparently she knew how to handle his father as well.

“What we call him is none of your concern,” Nate said. “He’s my son and—”

“Is he?” Charles interrupted. “Yours, I mean. Did you have a paternity test done?”

Mia gasped and the reigns of Nate’s patience began to slip. Damn him.

He stepped closer to his father, effectively putting himself between him and Mia. What Charles was asking wasn’t different from what any rational person who didn’t know her would ask. Nate hadn’t gotten a test done because he trusted Mia. He knew her and he knew his father. His father’s question was meant to do two things—to be cruel and insult her. Nate wasn’t going to let either stand.

“I think it’s time you got the hell out of my apartment,” Nate said icily.

“Nate!” Mia’s shocked voice forced him to check his temper and the light touch on his arm soothed away some of his rigidity.

“Come now, Nathan. We’re all adults here. It doesn’t take a genius to know when a woman shows up out of the blue with a baby, she’s usually out for something.”

Suddenly Mikey came running up to Mia. “Mommy, the clock’s beeping on the stove.” He suddenly noticed their new guest and hid behind her skirts.

“So this is Mikey?” his father asked.

“You will watch what you say to him,” Nate whispered harshly to his father.

Charles didn’t spare him a glance as he walked around him. “Michael, come greet your grandfather properly.”

Mikey glanced over at him and Nate nodded. His son pulled away from Mia, who was also looking at Charles with sharp, watchful eyes. She was as prepared as he to dig into his father if he did or said anything out of line.

Mikey stuck out his small hand. “Hello,” he said quietly.

His father bent down and grasped the little hand. “Hi Michael. Do you know who I am?”

Mikey shrugged.

“I’m your dad’s father so that makes me your grandpa.”

Mikey studied him. “I never had a grandpa before.”

“And I’ve never had a grandson,” Charles said, the corners of his eyes crinkling. “So I guess that makes us both special doesn’t it?”

Mikey nodded, smiling.

Nate was a little taken aback by his father’s gentleness. Not that he had seen his father interact with a lot of children but he hadn’t expected him to harbor this kind of patience with a four-year-old. Charles had certainly never exhibited that kind of patience with him growing up. Nate had only known him to be stern, rigid.

His father stood back up to his full height. He said in a low voice only Nate could hear. “I see why you don’t deny him. He looks just like you when you were that age.”

Nate said nothing but he knew Mia had overheard the comment.

“Come on, Mikey,” she said, glancing away. “Time to eat.”

Mikey grabbed Charles’ hand and looked up at her. “Can grandpa eat with us?”

Mia looked over at him. Nate could tell from her drawn features she’d rather not. Yet she left the decision up to him. Before Nate could come up with a proper excuse to send his father on his way, Charles spoke up.

“Of course, I’m staying for dinner,” he said and Mikey beamed. “What are we having?”

“Cheesy mashed potatoes,” Mikey explained, skipping alongside his father as they headed into the separate dining room.

“Hmm, my favorite,” Charles said.





Chapter Eleven



It was late but sleep eluded her.

Mia lay awake in the silent bedroom, the night’s events replaying in her head and driving sleep further away. She glanced at the bedside clock. Two hours ago, she had left a silent, withdrawn Nate in his office.

He had been distant all evening with dinner turning into an uncomfortably strained affair, one only she and Nate had been aware of. Charles McArthur had been too preoccupied with Mikey to realize, or care, that he was carrying the bulk of his conversation with a four-year-old. Mikey took advantage of the undivided attention and regaled him with tales of made-up adventures. Charles had appeared enthralled and for a moment Mia had thought he’d impersonated a loving grandparent well. Except Charles had seemed genuinely taken with his grandson. He’d even suggested having Mikey spend some time with him.

While Mikey had been delighted by the prospect, Nate had not even given it any thought. “No,” he’d said with curt finality. “He stays with us.”

In that, Mia wholeheartedly agreed and had been relieved Nate felt the same way. Charles, however, hadn’t been dissuaded. He’d taken a liking to his only grandson and apparently didn’t trust her. She hadn’t meant to eavesdrop but at the mention of her name, she couldn’t help but hang back and let the two men talk freely.

“Mia’s an attractive woman I’ll give you that,” Charles had said as Nate walked his father to the door. “But I always thought you could do better, Nathan. You should find a woman who is…more on your level. Don’t make the same mistake I did.”

“What the hell does that mean?” Nate had demanded, his voice sharp.

“I’m just saying, you can keep the calf without buying the cow,” Charles said warily. “You have a good kid there. Pay her off and do what you need to, to keep my grandson here.”

Charles McArthur is what now kept her lying there wide-awake. His words had hurt a fundamental part of her because for the first time she began to understand why Nate hadn’t wanted anything permanent with her. Not when there was a woman out there more on his ‘level’.

Nate’s aloofness toward her tonight only fueled her belief. He may want to sleep with her, but that was all he wanted—what he’d ever only wanted—from her. Despite her efforts to guard her heart against him, she cringed at the thought of losing him yet again before she’d even truly had him.

It was fast approaching two in the morning and sleep was still incredibly far away. If she was having trouble sleeping, she could only imagine how Nate was fairing.

Nate had seen to Mikey’s bath and had put him to bed before shutting himself away in his office. He had become a different man compared to the one who had helped her cook then had kissed her completely senseless. She wanted desperately to reach out to him, to know what brought on that distant look on his face every time his father was around or even mentioned. It was obvious the relationship between Nate and his father needed repairing—or healing. Whatever was going on between them couldn’t be normal.

Mia lay in the darkness for a few more minutes then got out of the bed and padded down to the living room. It was dark but she could tentatively make out her surroundings and headed toward the sofa. Nate was sleeping on his back, his arm thrown over his eyes. The thin sheet lay at his feet, half on and half off the sofa.

She stood there for a second admiring his toned arms and well-defined chest, sprinkled with dark hair that trailed down to his dark boxers. Just remembering how that strong body had once pressed against hers, had once moved fiercely over her, brought on a quivering tightness in her belly.

She ignored it and went to grab the sheet, intending to protect him from the early morning chill.

“What are you doing?”

Mia let out a loud gasp, dropping the sheet. His low, deep timbre had startled her out of her skin. “I-I was just going to put the cover back over you,” she whispered pathetically.

He removed his arm from his eyes and sat up on the sofa, his back resting on the arm. Despite the blanket of night, she could feel his dark gaze penetrating into her.

“I meant what are you still doing up?”

She shrugged. “I couldn’t sleep. I figured I’d check in on you.”

“Why?”

Mia sighed softly. “I guess I thought you would have a hard time getting to sleep too, but obviously I was wrong. I’m sorry I woke you.”

She started to leave but his next words stopped her. “I wasn’t sleeping,” he whispered. “I was thinking… about tonight. I imagine you were too?”

Mia nodded and sat down on the sofa beside him. “I heard what Charles said before he left,” she whispered.

Nate ran his hand over his face and let out a heavy sigh. “I’m sorry you had to hear that. My father can be a real bastard sometimes.” He turned to her and said levelly, “I hope you know, though, that I won’t go back on my word and turn this into a custody issue.”

Relief washed over her at his words. “Thank you,” she whispered. But what she wanted to know more than anything was whether he felt she was good enough for him. That, she didn’t dare ask.

“I can’t promise my father will drop this, though,” he said, sighing heavily. “He seemed to take a liking to Mikey.”

That realization seemed to surprise Nate and Mia wondered at that. “Were you worried he wasn’t going to because of me? Because he’s biracial?”

Nate snapped his head up, his body rigid. “No. My father may be a conceited bastard but he’s no bigot.”

Mia nodded. “Then why were you worried about him liking his own grandson?”

Nate scoffed. “I’m sure you’ve noticed my father is not the affectionate type. I think tonight was the first time I’ve seen him actually smile.” Nate fell silent then added quietly, “Makes me wonder about the man I grew up with. I wonder why we never had moments like he did with Mikey tonight.”

Mia’s heart squeezed for him. It was obvious father and son didn’t have a close, loving relationship and unfortunately, she didn’t have the words he so desperately needed to make up for that. Whatever she thought to say would either justify his father’s actions or condemn him further in Nate’s eyes and Mia refused to do either. Not when she didn’t understand the scope of their damaged relationship.

“Have you tried to speak to him about how you feel?” she offered. “Maybe talking to him will help mend your relationship.”

“I’m not a little boy with daddy issues, Mia,” he snapped. “So you can wipe that look of pity from your face.”

She could see his flinty response was a way to mask his true feelings and his pain only broke her heart more for him. He was withdrawing again and she didn’t want him to.

She placed her hand lightly on his arm. “Nate, I think you need to talk—”

Her words were abruptly cut off when he grabbed her and pulled her to him. “No, what I need is this,” he said gruffly then brought his lips forcefully down to hers.

The kiss was bruising. It was nothing like what they’d shared earlier. It was hurtful and purposefully cruel. He had only kissed her like this once before, when she’d watch him slam out of her life five years ago.

He wasn’t giving, he was taking. Taking something beautiful between them and turning it into something unpleasant as a means of escape from whatever hurts he harbored inside. That knowledge hurt more than his punishing mouth.

Well, she wasn’t going to let him slake his aggression on her again.

Mia gathered her strength and shoved hard against his chest until he released her. Without thinking, she struck him hard across the face. The sound of her palm striking his hard cheek was harsh in the silent room.

They both stared at each other. Silent, still.

“You touch me like that again, I’ll take Mikey and leave this place,” she whispered fiercely, her breath coming out in low, shallow pants.

His eyes narrowed as something dangerous flashed in them before reflecting a cool reserve. He moved away from her and dropped his head in his hands. “Sorry,” he murmured stiffly. Then he added after a moment, “It’s late. You should go to bed.”

When she continued to sit there, he turned to her, his eyes distant, vacant. “Now.”

Mia calmly rose and left him to his dark thoughts, powerless to pull him back to her.



* * * *



The next morning, the alarm blared in Mia’s ear. It seemed like just moments ago she had laid her head down on the soft pillow only to be rudely pulled away.

She reached over and pounded on the clock. She really needed to move this out of the bedroom. It would serve Nate better out there.

As she lay in a quiet room, she couldn’t help but think about him and what had happened hours earlier. She ought to just lay here and let him wake himself up, she thought disgruntled.

The jerk.

Yet Mia found herself rolling out of the warm, comfortable bed and walking to the living room. She found him sleeping on his stomach this time, his face turned toward her. In sleep, with his walls down, he looked boyishly handsome. His usually hard features were now relaxed and he looked nothing like the troubled man she had tried to comfort last night. Mia moved closer, shoving at his shoulders.

“Nate, wake up.”

He came up with a jolt. Mia stepped back and gave him room as he sat up, rubbing his hand over his face and down the back of his neck. He looked vulnerable with his hair tousled and the small lines imprinted on his face.

He looked like he needed comforting. He looked like he needed her.

Mia looked away, reminding herself not to let her heart soften toward him again. It would be better for both of them if she just kept her feelings for him sealed away so they could get through these next couple of months. She started to leave him but he stopped her.

“Mia, wait.” He reached out and pulled her to a stop. The hand around her wrist was non-threatening and, if she wanted, she could have easily pulled away. Instead she looked down at him, her brow raised, waiting.

He dropped his hand. “I’m sorry about last night,” he began, his voice filled with clear regret. “It won’t happen again. I want you to feel safe here.” He paused for a moment then added, “I want you to feel safe with me.”

His dark brown eyes were intense yet anxious and rueful. It could have been his ruffled expression or her silly, irrepressible love for him, but with one look, he had her. Mia sighed. Thoughts of keeping her distance suddenly seemed…laughable.

She stepped closer to him, until she was standing directly in front of him, and gingerly placed her hand lightly on his head. He closed his eyes, resting his head gently on her abdomen.

“Nate, I do feel safe with you,” she whispered, running her fingers through his hair, enjoying the feel of the silken strands. “But when you’re ready, you’ll need to tell me what that was all about.”

He shook his head. “It was just me being a dumbass. And not wanting to hear the truth.”

Mia looked down at his bent head. She had a feeling he was still not facing that full truth.



* * * *



Over the next several days, her morning wake-up calls became a sort of routine for them.

She never got around to moving the alarm clock out of the bedroom and knew it was because she enjoyed the quiet moment they shared in the early light of dawn. It gave her an excuse to be near him, to touch him.

She had stopped offering to trade places since he kept insisting he was fine where he was. So each morning, she kneaded and rubbed his shoulders and back, relieving his sore muscles and enjoying the groans of pleasure her touch wrenched from him.

Yet despite their nearness and the heat radiating from their close bodies, he didn’t try to kiss her again. She recognized the desire in his eyes every time they were alone, noticed the way he discreetly kept the sheet pulled over him, but still he made no move to touch her. It was probably for the best, she kept reminding herself, though it didn’t shake her feeling of frustration and disappointment.

Thankfully, his ‘hands off’ rule only lasted until the end of the week.

It was Friday and her boys were both headed to work. All week Mikey had been excited about going to the office with his father. Since it was a half day, or ‘Summer Friday’ as Nate had explained to her, it would be a perfect day to spend some time with Mikey and give her some time to herself.

“Mommy, you have to hurry. We have to go.”

She smiled at her son’s fervid demand. He wore a serious look on his face as if he were heading off to an important venture. He and Nate had plenty of time to make it in by eight but her son was growing impatient with her unhurried preparations.

Mia finished packing his small lunch pack and handed it to him. She watched as her son looped the wide strap over his slender shoulders. He looked very astute in his pale yellow-collared shirt, which peaked through his thin brown, button-down sweater.

Nate finished his coffee and placed the mug in the sink. He, too, was smiling at their son’s no-nonsense expression.

“Are you sure about this?” Mia asked for the third time.

“Stop worrying,” Nate told her. “My office is big enough for him to roam and keep busy. The only damage he could possibly do is to a few spreadsheets.”

“That’s what I’m worried about.”

“We’ll be fine,” he said. “Now enjoy your day off. You deserve it.”

Mia nodded, smiling. She certainly had her day filled. The package from Leah had come in and she was eager to get back to picking out the right photos to bring to the framers. Her sister had felt inclined to send all of their photo albums so Mia had a busy day ahead of her. Since she had decided to keep this a surprise, she had been forced to wait until Nate left for work each morning.

“Daddy, come on,” Mikey said, making his way toward the door.

“Um, excuse me, mister,” Mia called out. “Aren’t you forgetting something?”

Mikey paused then ran back to her, struggling to keep the lunch pack on his small shoulders. She bent down and he gave her a quick kiss on the lips. “Bye, Mommy. I love you.”

She gave him another quick kiss. “I love you too, baby.”

He ran to Nate and slipped his small hand into his. “Do you love Daddy too?”

Mia froze. Oh, Mikey, why would you ask me that? Mia carefully kept her eyes on her son, avoiding Nate’s steady gaze. Their son was quite oblivious to the tension between them.

“He knows I do,” Mia said quietly. The silence that followed was thick.

“Come on, Mikey,” Nate said quietly. “Let’s go.” When he turned to leave, Mikey stopped him.

“Wait, Daddy, you have to kiss Mommy goodbye too.”

Mia shot Nate a startled glance. His shrugged and walked over to her, a wicked glint in his eye. “I could use the practice,” he whispered.

Mia held her breath as he drew near. Shaking her head slightly, she began breathlessly, “You don’t have to—”

He leaned down and silenced her with a feather light kiss on the corner of her lips. It wasn’t the kiss she had been craving since their last kiss in the kitchen but it still stole her breath.

“Bye beautiful,” Nate whispered inches from her lips.

Mia stared into his dark eyes, which reflected her flaming hunger. “Bye,” she breathed.

“Daddy,” Mikey called out, penetrating through their cocoon of desire. “We’re gonna be late for work.”



* * * *



“Rhodes really screwed things up. There’s about fifty thousand dollars completely unaccounted for in these reports.”

Nate looked at the spreadsheet his chief-financial-officer, Drake Ross, had drafted for him. They were trying to understand the extent of the damages Stephen Rhodes had left behind and so far it was pretty wide. Drake and his team had studied the reports, had redone the math, but the numbers were netting out to be the same. There was no way it was a calculation error, which allowed for only two scenarios. The money was either misplaced or taken. The latter left a simmering rage in Nate’s gut but he didn’t let it show.

“Tracy doesn’t know anything about this?” Nate asked mildly.

“Believe me, I’ve gotten as much as I can out of her,” Drake said. “But she swears she’s never handled the Bakersfield account and I believe her.”

Nate scowled. It looks like MMC will have to eat the cost. He would be traveling to Seattle next week and would have to smooth this over with their longtime client.

“Keep looking into this,” Nate said. “It has to turn up somewhere.” For now, he would keep his suspicions to himself. “In the meantime, the company will replace the missing fifty grand but keep it quiet. I don’t want this coming out and making our other clients nervous.”

Drake agreed. “By the way, I’m switching around some of the teams and putting Janice Asher on the Bakersfield’s account. She’s been here the longest, she’s smart and likable. I think the client’s will be happy and comfortable with a fresh, female face.”

Nate grinned. “You don’t have to hard sell me. I like Janice. She just may be what we need to patch-up this mess.”

“Do you want her with you in Seattle next week?” Drake asked, coming to his feet.

Nate shook his head. “I want my visit to look like nothing more than a courtesy stopover. It’ll also give me a chance to talk to George first about these upcoming account changes.”

There was also the Leadership Summit he had to attend in San Diego. It suddenly dawned on him that he would be spending the better part of a week out on the west coast. That was a long time to spend away from Mia and Mikey. He instantly resented signing up for the trip. Had he known they would be coming into his life, he would have shared the responsibility of attending the summit with one of his executives.

“Would it help if I went with you?” Drake offered.

“No, enjoy the time with your family.” Nate said, aware he was only offering out of professional courtesy. His wife was pregnant with their third child and Drake made it a point to limit his business travel, which Nate understood.

Drake glanced behind him to where Mikey sat drawing on one of the large presentation pads. “I see you’ve kept a family of your own tucked away,” Drake expressed mildly. “If I had known you were bringing the little guy, I would have brought Caleb with me.”

Nate shrugged. “Maybe next time,” he offered noncommittally. Drake hadn’t been the first to inquire about Mikey, but it still annoyed Nate to have to explain his four-year-old son’s sudden presence. The fact that he had no pictures of Mikey around the office made the stares and whispers even more frequent. It was probably for the best though. This way he could appease the curious spectators now before the company picnic.

“In August, we’re throwing a birthday party for Caleb,” Drake said. “Maybe you can bring Mikey.”

“I’ll talk to Mia about it,” Nate said.

Drake nodded, not pressing the issue.

It wasn’t that Nate didn’t trust Drake but as a new father, he wanted to be careful who he exposed his son to. He knew he was being overprotective but he couldn’t help it. It was simply an innate reaction to protect the person that was literally a part of him.

The month was fast coming to an end, which only made Nate more aware of the increasingly short time he had left with Mikey. His father’s words the night before echoed in his head. He even had the card for the family attorney his father had slipped him.

The last thing he wanted was to turn things ugly between him and Mia, but then he also didn’t want Mikey to just be a temporary fixture in his life. In the short time they’d been together, he’d grown accustomed to his easy smiles, infectious giggles, and wild stories. When he got home from work each night, he looked forward to the time they spent together and valued every moment.

Just as much as he savored Mia’s touch each morning.

She was driving him deliciously insane with her soft touch but he wouldn’t—he couldn’t—stop her. Those morning caresses were the only thing he had going for him where she was concerned, and the only time she would come near him.

It was late in the afternoon when he and Mikey finally left the office. It was a bright, sunny day so Nate decided to take him to the Navy Pier. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d ever ridden on a Ferris wheel, but it had been fun to witness his son’s enthusiasm each time they rolled higher. He let Mikey go on as many of the age-appropriate rides as he could, while he watched on the sidelines.

Afterward, Mikey wouldn’t leave until they picked up something from every food and candy cart they passed.

“Mommy’s not gonna be happy with you eating all this junk,” Nate warned when they stopped at a cart selling roasted caramelized almonds.

“Please, Daddy,” Mikey begged, pouting.

Nate laughed at the somber look on his son’s already sticky face. “All right, but don’t tell Mommy,” Nate said as he handed him the small bag of warm almonds.

“I won’t!” Mikey exclaimed, digging into the bag.

Nate shook his head. “I need to stop encouraging you,” he muttered, laughing.

They found a table where they could rest for a while and eat their hoard of junk food. They crowded the small table with their sweet roasted almonds, a clear bag of pink and blue cotton candy, a hot dog with only relish and cheese sauce, and a supersized soft pretzel with more cheese dip.

“Did you have fun at work today,” Nate asked, digging into the bag of almonds. His taste buds were immediately assaulted by the syrupy sweetness. If it was this sweet for his adult tongue, what about Mikey’s? He suddenly questioned the wisdom of his purchase, but Mikey seemed to like them and after a while, Nate grew accustomed to the flavor.

Mikey nodded enthusiastically. “Work was fun.”

Nathan smiled. He was glad it had been for one of them. Though he had long ago come to terms with his position at MMC and, on occasion, enjoyed running the company of over two hundred, but corporate business wasn’t the path he would have chosen for himself if he could do it all again. He certainly wouldn’t strong-arm Mikey into the business as his father had done. He wanted his son to grow into his own man, choose his own path.

Out of curiosity, Nate asked him, “Do you know what you want to be when you grow up, Mikey?”

He nodded again.

“What?” Nate prompted.

“A police officer like Auntie,” Mikey declared over a mouthful of crunchy almonds. “And a doctor.”

Nate was stunned. Not by Mikey wanting to be both a doctor and a cop. He wouldn’t be surprised if his son went on to actually pursue both. But what four-year-old boy knew they wanted to be a doctor?

“Why a doctor?” Nate asked.

“So I can save Mommy when she gets sick,” he said, his expression growing solemn.

His words gave Nate chills. Had something happened to Mia? “What’s wrong with Mommy?” Nate asked, trying to keep the sharpness from his tone.

Mikey looked down at the table and shrugged. “If Mommy gets sick like Grammy, she’ll go to heaven.” He looked up at him then, his eyes big and filled with tears. “I don’t want Mommy to go to heaven.”

Nate pulled his son onto his lap. “Don’t worry,” Nate said gruffly, giving him a tight squeeze. “Mommy’s not going anywhere. I won’t let her.”

Nate vaguely recalled the illness Mia had told him her mother had been diagnosed with. It was some sort of lung disease but he hadn’t known it was life threatening. She had said her mother had received treatment for it and had left it at that. Now he felt like an ass for not even asking about her mother. He had only spoken to Yvette Trent once or twice but wished he had gotten a chance to know the woman who had reared such an amazing lady. Now she was gone. Mia had been close to her mother and she must be hurting deeply from the loss.

Eventually they made their way out of the pier but not without one more stop.

“Oh, Daddy, can we? Please.”

Nate looked at the older Asian man gesturing wildly to them, then at the array of paints. He was going to regret this but the excitement and joy on Mikey’s face was his deciding factor.

Nate shook his head, laughing, and sat down on the small wooden stool.





Chapter Twelve



When Nate and Mikey walked into the apartment, Mia glanced up and her warm greeting fell from her lips. The two characters that approached her had her bursting into laughter.

“What in the world…” Mia couldn’t stop laughing to make out her son’s animated story. Looking at Nate’s painted face had her convulsing into wild giggles every time. What possessed him to get his face painted like a bunny rabbit, she would never know. He looked both adorable and ridiculous with his painted rabbit teeth, rosy cheeks, and whiskers. Whereas their son looked utterly distinguished with his mustache and beard. His pirate persona was complete with a painted eye-patch and bandana.

Once Mia could catch her breath, she reached for her phone. “I have to take a picture.” Mia managed to snap a few pictures with her phone before Nate began to advance on her.

“Mikey,” Nate said, “I think Mommy could use a little face paint to.”

“Yeah!” Mikey exclaimed then turned back to Nate. “But we don’t have any.”

Nate’s eyes glittered. “Then we’ll just have to give her some of ours.”

Mia shrieked as they trapped her on the sofa and rained down kisses on her cheeks, forehead, and lips. Her struggles were weakened by her uncontrollable laughter and when they finally pulled away, both their faces were a smeared mess. Nate’s face was a kaleidoscope of colors. She couldn’t help but laugh again. Mia could only imagine what hers looked like.

“Now that you guys have ruined me, how do I look?” Mia kept her gaze on Nate when she asked.

He smiled impishly. “I think we missed a spot,” he whispered. “Here.” He leaned down and kissed her on her neck. Mia couldn’t stop the shiver that coursed through her. Nate noticed it too. His eyes sparkled. “And here.”

He leaned down but this time his kiss landed fully on her lips. He lingered there for a moment. Mia literally melted from the soft contact. Nate took advantage of her weakened state by deepening the kiss. Her belly clenched and she placed a trembling hand on his shoulder. Not to push him away, but to draw him near.

“Daddy, stop kissing Mommy,” Mikey interrupted, tugging at Nate. “You promised we would play treasure hunt.”

Frustration and want overwhelmed her as Nate pulled away. His smoldering eyes mirrored her own disappointment. This is getting bad.

“Treasure hunt?” she asked with a quivering smile.

Nate shrugged, smiling back. “It was his idea. The story is I’m a stranded bunny, turned sidekick, he found lost at sea. Now that I’m his trusty right hand, we’re off to find some treasure.” Nate leaned closer and said in a low voice so only she could hear. “But I’ve already found mine.”

Mia read the meaning in his dark gaze. Her face heated and she smiled. “And will you help your pirate-captain find his?”

Nate smiled crookedly. “I’m actually going to hide some quarters around the apartment to keep him busy while I wash this stuff off.”

Mia’s laugh quickly turned into a pout. “Aww, but you look so pretty in pink.”



* * * *



Mia sat in the living room waiting for Nate to join her. First he had to put Mikey to bed. Their son had finally come down from his sugar high only to develop a severe stomachache. He had purged most of the junk food he’d eaten and since Nate had looked satisfyingly contrite when Mikey had gotten sick, she hadn’t berated him too much about the junk food eating spree they’d indulged in.

Mia had simply left it up to Nate to care for their son. “You broke him,” she’d said. “You fix him.” This was just another lesson for Nate. Learning to say no.

He eventually emerged and fell into the seat beside her. His strong, handsome face, which had once been covered with paint, was now replaced with deep weariness.

“I hope you learned your lesson,” Mia said, watching as he leaned his head back on the sofa and closed his eyes.

“Yeah,” he said adamantly. “We’re never going to that place again.”

Mia snorted. “Your son recognizes easy prey, and you, Mr. Rabbit, are easy prey. But don’t worry. In time you’ll learn to say no whenever he gives you the look.”

Nate grunted. He looked as if he was about to fall asleep right there and Mia couldn’t have that. Not before she showed him part one of her surprise.

“Nate.”

He grunted again.

“I have something I want to show you,” she whispered.

He opened one eye and looked at her curiously.

She handed him the soft, padded binder. He stared down at it but didn’t reach for it. “What is it?”

“A box of cigars,” she said exasperated then laughed. “Here,” she said, thrusting it at him again. “Just open it.”

Nate took the pale blue satin book from her hand and read the embossed print on the front cover. Michael Nathaniel Trent. He swung his gaze toward her and Mia smiled up at him, though she suddenly felt shy.

“It’s Mikey’s baby book,” she whispered. “I thought you’d like to see him, you know, from the beginning,” she added when he continued to stare at her.

Nate looked back down at the book and ran his fingers over the design. He slowly opened it. The first photo he lingered on was of her at thirty-two weeks. He stared down at it intently then his lips quirked up in a small smile. She hadn’t taken many pictures during her pregnancy, not feeling at all attractive or tolerant of the camera. This was one of the few photos she had taken that showed her with her round, extended belly. In the photo, she was modeling a black T-shirt Leah had bought for her that read, Hot Mama Comin’ Through. The bottom of her round belly peeked through the snug tee.

The next one was of a pale, pruney Mikey wrapped in the hospital’s plain white baby garments. Beside the photo were his foot and hand prints. When he moved on to the photo behind that one, Mia held her breath. Every time she saw it, she relived that moment. It was a Polaroid photo of Mikey, only days old, in a neonatal ventilator. Nate stared at the photo for a while then turned to her with a look of such stark confusion and pain on his face, she had to turn away.

“He developed a mild brain infection after the delivery,” she explained, looking down at her hands. “He was in that ventilator for six days but thankfully nothing serious developed from it.” She smiled gently. “As you can see, he’s as happy and healthy as can be.”

Nate looked back down at the photo. “He’s tiny.”

Mia laughed softly. “He was actually nine pounds there. Too big for me to deliver naturally.”

He frowned. “What do you mean?”

“I had a Caesarean.” At his blank look, she added. “A C-section.”

“I know what it is,” he replied hoarsely then glanced down her middle. “Was it…are you okay?”

She smiled gently, touched by his concern. “Yeah. I’m all healed and recovered.”

He continued to flip through the book, making small comments and asking questions. Mia held herself rigid beside him, answering every one. Her hands clenched together tight as sadness and regret came over her. He had missed out on so much in the beginning because of her, because she hadn’t given him a choice in the matter. The book wouldn’t make up for that but she hoped it could be a start.

“You look beautiful,” he said quietly, staring intently at a photo of her cradling a six-month-old Mikey while she breast-fed him. She wasn’t sure if Nate had meant to say the words out loud but she blushed anyway.

He didn’t speak again as he flipped through the rest of the book, his lips occasionally quirking up at the many silly and spontaneous pictures they had captured of Mikey. He got to the end of the book then looked over at her. The expression on his face brought tears to her eyes.

“Thanks for this,” he whispered, his eyes both humbled and appreciative. Mia turned away, nodding.

He put the book down and placed his hand under her chin, turning her back to face him. “I only wish I had been there with you,” he said gently.

She couldn’t stop the tear that slid down her cheek.

He caught it with his thumb, his gaze piercing into her. “Why the tears?”

“Because,” she sobbed, “I wish you had been there too.”

Pain and guilt flashed in his eyes. He leaned down and brushed his lips across her eyelids. “I promise, next time I will be.”

What did he mean? However, Mia didn’t have time to register his words. He wrapped his hand around the back of her neck as his lips moved down her cheek then trailed down to her lips. At the slight parting of her lips, he deepened the kiss, forcing her lips further apart with the soft pressure of his. Mia placed her hand on his rough cheek and leaned into him, wanting his touch, his warmth.

The tightening in her belly became unbearable and she couldn’t help the soft moan that escaped her. His gentle assault was wreaking havoc on her body, her senses, and she couldn’t stop it.

She didn’t want to.

Before she knew it, his tender kiss turned fiery, all-consuming. He slanted his lips over hers, their tongues engaged in a dance familiar only to them. He slid one hand down the length of her and underneath her cami. Her nipples beaded in anticipation as his rough, warm palm moved beneath the thin material and brushed against her soft skin.

She let out a low, sharp moan as he cupped and squeezed her aching breast. She leaned into his hand, eager for his touch. His thumb brushed over the swollen bud and she clutched fistfuls of his shirt as pain and pleasure coursed through her. Only he knew what her body wanted.

Their ragged breathing broke the deep silence in the room as liquid heat pooled between her legs. He tore his lips from hers, trailing his lips across her cheek. His hand continued its gentle kneading and rubbing.

“Tell me now if you don’t want this,” he whispered thickly.

Mia was too far gone to turn back now. She wanted him too badly, needed him too much.

She answered him by placing a soft kiss on the side of his neck. He started this fire, now she needed him to soothe her burn. She lightly licked the spot she’d kiss and he shuddered, his control snapping. Reaching under her skirt, he stripped off her panties and tossed them aside. Mia grabbed at his shoulders as he lifted her over him.

“Nate, wait,” she whispered fervently, straddling him. “What about—”

“I can’t wait,” he said hoarsely, freeing himself from underneath her skirt. “I’ve waited too long already.”

Her skirt bunched around her hips and the heat of his hard, smooth shaft brushed against her inner thigh. It had been so long that her inner muscles clenched and pulsed in anticipation.

“Put me inside,” he instructed thickly.

Mia hesitated for only a heartbeat then grabbed his hot, hard length as he gripped her hips and lifted her up. He guided her down and his blunt tip brushed against her soft, wet opening. They both shuddered at the sensation. She sank down onto him, feeling the incredible stretch as he pushed inside her. She couldn’t stop the soft gasps that escaped her lips. She eased down inch by inch, the sensation so electrifying her whole body shuddered. Nate let out a harsh growl then forced her down, impaling her deeply. She cried out as the sweet burn pierced inside her.

“You okay?” he rasped into her ear, as he gripped the soft curves of her hips.

She nodded, her head tucked in the crook of his neck. She remained still, savoring the full sensation of him inside her again. She was adjusting to him and she was fascinated by her body’s automatic softening and stretching around his hard shaft.

Nate held himself rigid beneath her then let out a sound that was part growl, part laugh. “Okay, baby, just move when you’re ready.” He was rock hard and fighting for self-control. Even with his sharp need, he was letting her set the pace.

At that moment, she fell a little bit more in love with him.

She eventually began to move, slowly rocking against him, wrenching deep groans from both of them.

He captured her lips for a deep kiss then pulled down her cami and brought his warm mouth over her hard, aching nipple. The fire inside her became an inferno and she began to move urgently above him.

Soft gasps and moans tore from her as he licked, sucked, and teased her swollen flesh. She gripped his hair and held him to her tender breasts. She trembled and shivered around him, like a leaf caught in a storm, with no control over her quivering limbs. She rode him, rocking and gyrating above him until the sensations became too intense, too agonizing for her to continue. Completion was near but she was wound too tight to take herself over the edge.

So Nate took over.

He grabbed her hips and drew her down hard as he plunged upward. She bit down on his shoulder as she squeezed her eyes shut and convulsed around him, gasping. Her inner muscles clamped and released him in sporadic spasms. In the height of her climax, she heard his shout of release. But she couldn’t muster the strength to remind him to quiet down.

Mikey was sleeping.



* * * *



Nate could still feel her slight tremors around him and they recharged his desire. His release had been intense and he waited until his heart slowed before he carried her into the bedroom. The last thing he wanted was for their son to find them like this.

He led them to the bathroom, where they took turns stripping each other. The bright, orange glow above them illuminated her body and the changes pregnancy had made to it. She had filled out nicely, especially in her hips, breast, and thighs, but his eyes focused on the C-section scar and he ran his fingers over the faded line.

He looked at her but she kept her gaze on his chest, obviously self-conscious about the scar. “Does it hurt?” he asked gently.

She shook her head. “No,” she whispered then stepped into the shower. He joined her and they took the most erotic shower he’d ever had. He ran his soapy hand appreciatively over her curves. They took turns washing each other and before long, Nate had her hiked up against the glass wall, her legs wrapped tightly around him. Their lovemaking was just as fierce and intense as it had been earlier on the couch.

A short while later they finally made it to the bed. They lay between the cool sheets with his arms wrapped around her, holding her close. He had longed to do this since she’d arrived and he’d lain awake, imagining her lying in his bed alone each night. Part of the fantasy had included them making love for hours. Now that they had, things were forever changed. There was no way he could let them go now. He wondered if she realized that, especially with the high possibility that Mikey could have a brother or sister.

Her back was pressed against his chest and he placed his hand over her belly. Her soft body hadn’t relaxed into sleep yet.

“We didn’t use anything.” His meaning was plain in those simple words.

She turned to face him. “I know,” she whispered. “But we’re safe. I’m on the pill.”

Nate was surprised by her admission. He was more surprised, however, by his disappointment. Right now wasn’t a good time for them to have another child, not when things between them were still unfolding. But the thought of another kid with her excited him. He had missed so much of the earlier moments with her and Mikey. He realized he wanted it all—the food cravings, the midnight feedings, the first walks and talks. He wanted to be able to relive the moments the next time he looked through his son’s baby book.

“Why?” Nate asked, curious. She had been as tight as the first time he’d taken her so she couldn’t be involved with anyone regularly enough to be on the pill. A knowledge he’d been selfishly pleased about.

“To regulate my period,” she said hesitantly. “A few months ago…I had been under a lot of stress and…my cycle was a little erratic.”

Nate frowned down at her, concerned. Was this why Mikey was so worried about her getting sick? “Is everything okay?” he asked, trying not to sound gruff.

“Yes, I’m fine. My body was just trying to tell me to slow down. Everything is being regulated now,” she added with a small smile.

Nate stared at her intensely. “What was going on? Why were you so stressed?”

When she didn’t answer, he started guessing to gauge her response. “Was it Mikey? The mortgage?” Then it finally dawned on him. Even now she refused to tell him. “It was because of your mother, wasn’t it?”

Her eyes widened with stark grief. “How…”

“Mikey told me,” Nate said. “He told me he didn’t want you to get sick and end up in heaven like his grandmother.”

Tears gathered in her eyes and he gathered her close. “When did she pass?”

Mia took a ragged breath. “In September,” she whispered faintly. “The day before her fifty-fifth birthday.” Her voice cracked on the last word. Suddenly she wrapped her arms around him and came apart.

Her sobs were violent and her slender body shook with the force of her tears. Nate gritted his teeth against the overwhelming emotion that filled him at her anguish. He hated to see her go through this but knew she needed it. He didn’t try to quiet her. He simply held her tighter, trying to absorb some of her devastating grief.

He stroked her back gently, waiting for the storm to pass. He couldn’t imagine her despair. He still had both his parents around and wasn’t close enough to either of them to truly understand her pain.

Eventually the storm passed and he was content to just hold her and offer what little he could.

“Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked quietly.

She was silent for a moment then said, “I…couldn’t.” She drew in a ragged breath. “I still can’t.”

He gave her a gentle squeeze. “Okay, you don’t have to. But I’ll be here when you’re ready.”

She nodded, relaxing slightly. “I must have really scared him,” she whispered thickly.

Nate frowned. “Who?”

“Mikey. I got so caught up with my grief, I wasn’t eating, I was barely sleeping, and with trying to be there for him and Leah, I didn’t realize how bad I was getting.”

Nate tensed. “What happened?”

Mia trembled, her voice husky with fresh tears. “I just…collapsed. Right in front of him,” she whispered thickly. “Right there in the kitchen. It was just us two at home at the time and when I came to, he was crying so hard. I’ve never seen him cry like that,” she added softly, her voice husky with suppressed emotion.

Nate closed his eyes, his own sense of panic and despair threatening to consume him at the thought of her being so dangerously ill. Just thinking about Mikey watching his mother collapse like that, not knowing what was happening or what to do, must have been terrifying for him.

“I was so angry with myself for letting that happen,” she continued softly. “If something had happened to me, he would have been all alone.”

“Shh,” Nate murmured, aware of the fresh tears falling on his chest. “Nothing’s going to happen to you,” he said gruffly.

At that moment, Nate realized he was completely and desperately in love with this woman. The thought of her lost to him forever was inconceivable. He had spiraled to a dark place when their relationship had simply ended. He couldn’t even imagine his life if she—

Nate shook the thought away. Nothing was going to happen to her, he reminded himself. His sudden, urgent need for her grew strong and insistent. He moved over her and inside her in one single motion, getting as close to melding their bodies as he could.





Chapter Thirteen



“When will you be back,” Mia asked, rolling up a pair of socks and dropping them into Nate’s rollaway luggage.

They had just gotten home from having dinner with Fred Carlson and his lovely wife, Allison, and were getting Nate ready for his trip. Mia had been surprised by how much she’d enjoyed herself. She had half expected it to be a strained evening but Fred and his wife had acted as if they’d known about her and Mikey for years.

The older couple was warm, friendly people and Mia could see why Nate liked them so much. He had been more relaxed and at ease tonight. In fact, he had been more…unguarded since the night they’d made love. That night they had both let their guard down. And it had felt wonderful.

She hadn’t planned to break down in front of him like she had but she was glad it happened. It had been almost therapeutic to let it all out and Nate had been exactly what she needed—someone to hold her while she wept. It wasn’t as if she had tried to keep her mother’s passing a secret from him but she hadn’t had the courage to talk about it just yet. Little by little, however, she was opening up to him and each night he just let her talk or cry or get angry.

Their nights together these past few days were drawing them closer together and she felt more connected to him than she ever had before. She didn’t know what direction this all would lead their relationship and she was too afraid to ask. She didn’t want to disrupt the newness of whatever this was. She would just enjoy the ride until its inevitable end.

“I’m flying back Friday morning,” he said, coming out of the bathroom with his travel size shaving kit. He dropped it into the bag then walked up behind her and pulled her into his arms. “I wish you and Mikey could come with me,” he whispered against her ear, his arms wrapped around her middle.

Mia leaned back against him. She wished they could too but he had his responsibilities and she and Mikey would just be unnecessary distractions.

“We’ll be fine,” Mia said, grinning as she repeated the same words he’d told her only days earlier. She would miss him terribly, though, especially when they were now just rediscovering each other. “And it’ll give me time to work on your second surprise,” she said with a soft smile, laying her hands over his.

“Second? How many more are there?” he asked.

Mia laughed. “This is the last,” she said. “I promise.”

“Hmm, then what is it?”

“You’ll have to wait and see,” she drawled sweetly. “But that should give you added incentive to hurry back to us.”

His arms tightened around her. “Believe me. I need no incentive,” he said, placing a light kiss on the side of her neck. She turned to face him and they forgot all about packing and surprises for the night.

The next morning, she and a tearful Mikey saw Nate to the door.

“Mikey, I’ll be back soon, I promise,” Nate said, placing a quick peck on his forehead. “In the meantime,” he added, glancing over at her, “you need to stay here and protect our treasure.”

Mikey nodded then grabbed her hand. Nate reached for his rollaway bag and pulled her to him for a kiss. “I’ll call you when I land,” he whispered.

“You better,” she whispered back then kissed him again.

In the three days he was gone, Mia missed him terribly. It was as if her libido had been pulled out of hibernation and now that it was reawakened, she couldn’t wait to have him back.

She kept herself and Mikey busy with their special project for Daddy, which Mikey had dived right into. Though Mia wanted to paint a few accent walls, the ceilings were too high for her to do herself. Then again, painting was too permanent and though Nate had said she could make whatever changes she’d like, her time here had an end date. There was no need for her to put in that kind of work and money painting would require so she settled for pictures, a few wall decals, and colorful curtains.

They were in his office now, putting up a few pictures. She was having a hard time deciding where to put the large, black-and-white close-up shot of her and a one-year-old Mikey, where he was placing an innocent kiss on her lips. It was one of her favorite photos of them.

Mia finally found the perfect spot, which faced his desk.

By Thursday, they had everything in place for Nate’s return. There was more color around the apartment now, from the decorative rugs and colorful throw pillows to the tall house plants tucked in the corners. Instead of something out of a modern luxury magazine, the condo looked less intimidating and felt more welcoming, more relaxing. The portraits on the walls certainly added to the effect.

She couldn’t wait to see Nate’s reaction. She hoped he liked her surprise.

More than she’d liked her sister’s unexpected surprise that afternoon.

“Leah!” Mia exclaimed, swinging open the apartment door. “What are you doing here?”

“Surprise,” her sister said with forced excitement. She stood at the door, holding a small duffel bag, looking weary and anxious.

Mia got over her initial shock and stepped back to let her sister in. “When did you get here?” she asked as Leah followed her into the living room.

“I just drove in and came straight here,” Leah said.

Before Mia could ask her anything else, Mikey came charging toward them.

“Auntie!”

Leah dropped her bag and waited for Mikey to assail her. “Mouse!” she exclaimed, lifting him high.

Mia had to wait several minutes as Mikey told Leah about his Daddy, his new room, his first day at work, and his trip to the pier. Leah asked questions and listened intently as he went on and on. It was obvious to Mia that her sister was purposely stalling their own conversation.

“Mikey, why don’t you go play so I can talk to your auntie now?”

“But I have to tell Auntie about—”

“You can tell her later.” Mia’s tone left no room for negotiations. Mikey slid off Leah’s lap and trudged to his room.

Mia turned to her sister and raised a brow. “I’m waiting.”

Leah let out a weary sigh. “Am I not allowed to visit my only sister and nephew? Last I checked you were still my sister.”

Mia wasn’t buying that for a second. There was a tension in Leah, Mia couldn’t ignore. And even if her sister wanted to stop by for a visit, she should have at least called first.

“Why didn’t you call to tell me you were coming?”

Leah shrugged. “Then it wouldn’t have been a surprise,” she said. “Now stop giving me the third degree and offer me some water or something. I just drove for six hours straight—by myself—and I’m exhausted.”

Mia studied her sister for a moment then stood up and headed to the kitchen. “What do you want to drink?”

“What do you have?” Leah asked, following her into the kitchen. She looked around the apartment, impressed. Mia understood her sister’s reaction because she had the same feelings when she’d first walked in here. The condo had to be just as big as their home in Detroit, if not bigger.

“This place is amazing, Mia. Can you imagine how much his rent is?”

“He owns it,” Mia said absently.

Leah clucked her tongue. “Well, excuse me,” she said, taking the glass of iced tea Mia handed her.

Mia poured herself a glass and they made their way back to the living room.

“I see you’ve been making yourself at home,” Leah said with a grin.

Mia tensed. “What do you mean?” Could her sister tell she and Nate were…involved. Things were still so new between them that Mia didn’t know how to label it, but the last thing she wanted was her sister’s speculations and sly comments.

“Oh, please,” Leah said, exasperated. “Look at this place. How many men do you know would have pink throw pillows on their couch? It’s got you written all over it.”

“It’s coral,” Mia muttered.

Leah laughed. “Right. And the pictures? Nice touch. I was wondering why you wanted me to send them. I see you’re settling in quite nicely,” Leah added with a wink.

Mia shook her head. The way Leah spoke made her feel as if she had ulterior motives besides wanting to give Nate something warm and familiar to come home to. Then again, her sister would never understand.

“It’s not like that,” Mia said simply. “I just wanted to do something nice for him.”

“Okay. If you say so.” Leah finished her tea in one drink and looked down at the glass. “Now, do you have something I can drink, drink?”

Mia shook her head. She had come to notice Nate didn’t keep alcohol in the apartment. Not even simple social drinks like wine or beer. She hadn’t mentioned it since she rarely drank herself. But she had wondered.

“The only thing we have here with some kick is cranberry juice,” Mia told her.

Leah made a face. “No, thanks,” she said, placing the empty glass on the center table. “So…where’s the man of the house, anyway?”

“Traveling for business,” Mia said, placing her own glass down. “He’ll be back tomorrow morning. Why?”

Leah shrugged. “No reason. Just figured it wouldn’t be a problem if I crash here tonight.”

Mia didn’t confirm or deny. It wouldn’t be a problem, but she wasn’t going to let her sister spend the night without letting Nate know first. Despite his insistence she make herself at home here, she was still acutely aware that it wasn’t.

She would tell him when he called tonight, which he had made a point of doing every night he’d been away. He would talk to Mikey before bedtime then call back a few hours later, while she was preparing for bed, to wish her good night. He would tell her how much he was missing them.

Each night she waited up, desperate to hear his voice before she closed her eyes. She needed that small contact, needed it like earth needed rain, and each night it got worse. But he never missed a call, not even last night when it had been later than usual and he hadn’t called back. When he eventually had, their usual innocent conversation had soon turned naughty.

He had whispered in great detail all the things he planned to do to her when he got home, and Mia had been struck speechless yet thoroughly aroused. Once she got in the groove of their naughty phone play, she responded with her own detailing of things she also wanted him to do to her when he got home. In the dark of night, she had felt bold and wicked but it was when she had begun telling him of all the things she wanted to do to him that she had rendered him speechless. The phone had crackled with his harsh breathing, and when he had finally responded with ‘damn, baby,’ Mia had convulsed into giggles.

“You’re such a tease,” he had murmured roughly but his own laughter had been like dark velvet. Despite her mirth, though, she had been no less affected by their…talk.

Later that night, as it grew closer to Mikey’s bedtime, they waited for Nate’s call but it never came. The disappointment on Mikey’s face tugged at her heart and she didn’t argue when he refused to go to bed.

“Mommy, call him again. Please.”

“Mikey, I just called five minutes ago. It’s going straight to voicemail so that means his phone is off.” Despite her words, Mia dialed the number again. Again it went straight to voicemail. He must have gotten tied up or was out of range. Either way, he would return her messages, she was sure. It was just a matter of when because apparently their son wanted to be up for it when he did.

“Okay, you can wait up another hour for him then you’re off to bed.”

Less than an hour later, however, they found out why Nate hadn’t called. He had been on his way back home.

It was a little after nine when Nate walked through the front door. Mikey jumped off the couch and ran to him. “Daddy!”

Mia watched as Nate picked him up and gave him a fierce hug.

“Now what are you still doing up?” he asked.

“Mommy said I could wait up for you.”

Nate turned to her and she gave him a soft smile. “We were waiting for your call,” Mia clarified, “but I see you managed to make it home early instead.” Though she was surprised to see him, she was thrilled to have him home too. She wanted to do like her son and cling to him too, but he looked weary and travel worn yet happy to be home, if the grin on his face was any indication.

“I was actually hoping to get here by dinner to surprise you but that didn’t work out. And then of course my phone died so I couldn’t call you.”

“Well, we’re happy you made it back early,” she said, still smiling. “Right, Mikey?”

“Yeah,” he said, resting his head on Nate’s shoulder.

Nate rubbed his back. “Thanks for letting him wait up,” he said. Then his gaze turned fierce and hungry. “And are you gonna make me wait all night?”

Mia grinned, shaking her head as she made her way up to him. When she was only steps away, he gathered her close with his free arm. She held him tight. She leaned up and gave him a light kiss on the corner of his mouth.

“Welcome home,” she whispered.

His arm tightened and he slanted his lips over hers, deepening the kiss. Desire curled in her belly. The tenderness between her thighs had recently started to ease yet her body clenched in anticipation of having him inside her again.

A discreet yet loud cough came from behind her, bursting their sensual bubble. She had forgotten about her sister. Mia pulled away from him. Nate glanced behind her, surprise and irritation plain in his dark gaze.

“Hi Nate,” her sister said. “Remember me?”

“Of course, Leah,” he replied. “How’ve you been?”

Leah shrugged.

“Leah also thought to surprise me today,” Mia said when Nate glanced down at her questioningly. “I left you a message letting you know she’s visiting.”

“I hope you don’t mind,” Leah said.

“No, of course not,” Nate said coolly. “You’re always welcomed here. But there’s only one other spare room,” he added stiffly. “And that’s where this little guy sleeps.”

Mia hadn’t thought through their sleeping arrangements now that Nate was back. She had planned to have Mikey sleep with her in their bedroom for the night while Leah took the guest room. There was no reason Mikey couldn’t still sleep with them and was about to suggest that when her sister interrupted.

“Please, don’t worry about me,” Leah insisted. “I’m happy to crash on the couch.”

Nate visibly relaxed then nodded. “I’m gonna put him to bed,” he said, looking down at a now sleeping Mikey.

Mia took his bags into the bedroom then went to the closet to grab some bedding for her sister. Leah stood close beside her.

“So, big sis,” Leah drawled, taking the folded sheets from her hands. “Where are you sleeping tonight?”

Mia glared at her sister. Leah laughed.

“That’s where I thought,” Leah said, smirking. “There was no way he was giving up his bed tonight.”

“Shut up, Leah.”

“I’m serious! Didn’t you see the way he was looking at you?” Leah continued, laughing. “Oh, he’s fucking you tonight.”

“Leah!”

“What?”





Chapter Fourteen



Nate ran his hand over Mia’s back and hips, enjoying the feel of her soft skin and smooth curves as she lay over him. He was happy to finally be home, his agitation from the long trip finally dissipating.

He had missed them both fiercely. If he had known having her would be like this, he would have never let her leave five years ago. Having a family of his own was unlike what he had experienced with his own parents. It was a wonderful feeling to have someone to come home to, someone who waited up for him, who lit up at his presence, who wanted him.

He should have recognized that from the beginning, when he’d had her unconditional love, when she had not been afraid to tell him she loved him. Now, however, her romantic, fanciful nature seemed to be hidden away. And he had only himself to blame.

Where once her declaration of love had come freely, she now guarded it closely, not once letting it slip. Not even during their most intense lovemaking.

Then again, he still couldn’t bring himself to tell her how he felt. He’d never told anyone he loved them, not even his parents, and the thought of saying those words to her made him feel vulnerable and anxious. Though he wanted to hear her say them as badly as he wanted to tell her, it was easier just to show her.

“What do you think of my surprise?” she whispered, her head tucked under his chin, her fingers teasing the hairs on his chest.

He smiled. “It’s pink.”

She lifted her head from his chest and propped it on her folded arms. “It’s coral,” she muttered. Even in the darkness, he could see her frowning.

Nate laughed. “I’m just teasing you, baby. I love it.”

I love you.

She had turned his house into a home. And it wasn’t just the new decor and pictures, though he smiled remembering the photo of him and Mikey in their face paint, which now sat on his desk, nicely framed. Mikey had created the tale of the pirate and the stranded rabbit but it occurred to Nate that his son may not have been too far off from the truth in his story. Nate had been a man lost and it had taken their son and the woman nestled above him to save him from an empty existence.

With her presence, she had brought her warmth and her love into his bleak, lonely life.

He tightened his arms around her. “Thank you,” he whispered.

She leaned down and gave him a soft kiss. “You’re welcome. And thank you for putting up with my sister.”

Nate grunted. “I thought she would never shut up.”

He had heard Leah’s colorful comments to Mia, though he had pretended ignorance when he had walked in on the ladies. Leah had taken great joy in talking his ear off while he ate a late dinner. It had been her way of stalling him, knowing full well all he wanted to do was eat and get to Mia.

“Yeah,” Mia said with a sigh. “She’s special but she’s the only sister I’ve got.”

“How long is she here for?” Not that Nate minded her sister visiting—she was Mia’s family so his door would always be open to her—but Leah could be a bitch at times, especially to Mia, and there was a limit to how much of her company he could take.

“I don’t know,” Mia said with a small shrug. “She’s been really vague about it, but I’ll ask her again tomorrow morning.”

The next morning, Nate didn’t wait around to hear that conversation. He took Mikey and decided to play hooky from work. No one was expecting him back in the office today and he had something more important to get done.

“You can’t tell Mommy we were here, Mikey. Okay?”

“Okay,” Mikey promptly agreed.

Nate held out his small finger. “Pinky promise.”

His son eagerly made the sacred oath then went back to surveying the glittering diamonds behind the glass case.

The jeweler finally came out with a tray of glittering engagement rings and Nate began looking through each one, waiting for one to catch his eye.

Nate wanted this to be perfect. He owed that to her. He wasn’t sure where or how he would propose, but he knew he wanted it to be soon. He couldn’t let her leave—not when he’d gotten a taste of real happiness.

His eyes eventually landed on a ring that was beautifully bright yet elegantly simple. He pulled it out of its velvet bed and examined it closely. He imagined it on her slender finger and an overwhelming sense of joy and possessiveness came over him. He couldn’t wait to make Mia his. He just had to make sure he did it right. The little romantic in her, though silent and hidden, was still there. He just needed to bring her back out.

Nate held up the ring to his son. “What do you think of this one, Mikey?” Nate asked. “Will Mommy like it?”

Mikey examine the ring with all the seriousness of a four-year-old. “Um, it’s not very nice.” He turned back to the glass case and pointed to a wide bracelet encrusted from end to end with bright, glittering diamonds. “I think this one is better.”

Laughing, Nate shook his head. Maybe for another occasion, he thought, though he couldn’t imagine such a gaudy piece on Mia’s slender wrist.

He looked back down at the elegant diamond reflecting up at him. But this one…this one was perfect.



* * * *



“Leah, I’m not going to ask Nate for that kind of money,” Mia snapped at her sister.

“It’s only ten thousand dollars. He probably makes that in his sleep.”

“No,” Mia said with finality. “It’s bad enough I’m asking him to help with the mortgage. I’m not going ask him to loan you money.”

“Then don’t say it’s for me,” Leah suggested. “Tell him we need to fix something around the house or something. I promise I’ll pay him back when I can.”

Mia stared at her sister, stunned by her naiveté. She had always thought between the two of them, her younger sister was more skeptical and worldly.

“Leah, you can’t really think ten thousand dollars is going to get you a new life in LA? What happens when the money runs out? What will you do for work when the agents and directors aren’t calling and beating down your door?”

“Let me worry about that, all right,” Leah snapped. “I just need a head start and I’m asking you to help me.”

Mia sighed. “I can’t. I don’t have that kind of money to give you and I’m not going to ask Nate when he’s already doing so much for us.”

Leah’s face twisted with anger and resentment. “God, you’re so fucking selfish.”

Mia gaped at her. “Are you serious? I’m selfish? You’re the one who’s forcing me to ask for money so that you can start a new life. If you needed money so damn bad, why’d you quit your job, huh? Why didn’t you do like everyone else and save it?”

“How could I when I had to help keep the lights on! We were living hand to mouth but I can’t do it anymore. There’s nothing in Detroit for me and I’m ready to start living my life!”

Mia stared at her sister and some of her ire faded. Her sister had been a big help to her and she couldn’t forget that. Leah was also still young and if she was determined to head out on her own, Mia needed to support her. But ten thousand dollars was a lot of money.

“I’ve been there for you, Mia, and I’m asking you to be there for me.” Leah sighed then added quietly, “If you do this for me, I’ll never ask you for anything. I swear.”

Mia sighed. At her sister’s desperation, she eventually relented. “Fine. But I won’t promise you anything and you will pay him back.”

That night, Nate surprised her by suggesting they go out to dinner. It was a Friday night and he wanted to take her out someplace nice for a change, just the two of them.

Leah agreed to watch Mikey and they both made plans for a night of pizza and a movie.

Mia on the other hand was having fun dressing up for a change. Tonight, she was forgoing her simple skirts and camis and usual boring ponytail for a sexier look. She hadn’t been out on a date in an embarrassingly long time and it felt good to dress up and have an excuse to wear makeup.

She wore one of her favorite dresses, a multipurpose sleeveless wrap-around that accentuated her figure and flowed at the knees. It was more peach then coral but was close enough to the orange-pink color that it complimented her complexion nicely and also made for a great summer evening outfit.

Her sister helped her with her hair, curling and swooping the thick strands to one side of her head. It was the makeup, however, that transformed Mia into another woman.

“Beautiful,” Leah said, stepping back to admire her work.

When Mia stepped out of the bedroom, she blushed from the looks and compliments she got from her boys.

“Mommy, you look really pretty. Like a movie star.”

“I don’t know, Mikey,” Nate finally said, his eyes full of heat and dark promises. “I think she looks prettier.”

Nate walked up to her and she instantly read the intention in his eyes before he reached for her. She quickly turned her face and his lips landed on her jaw.

She laughed at his low growl. “You’re going to ruin my makeup.” She brought her hand up to his cheek. “Later,” she promised.

When they arrived at the restaurant, Mia was speechless with emotion. He had kept the news of where they were going a secret until they pulled up to Josie’s, the restaurant where they’d had their first date. He wasn’t normally the sentimental type, that was more her thing, but tonight he was and she loved him for it.

“You’re the best, you know that,” she said, smiling through her teary eyes.

Nate grinned then grabbed her hand and led her into the restaurant. Despite the Friday night crush, they were seated rather quickly. Mia glanced around the restaurant, noting the changes that had been made in the five years she’d been away.

“They changed management a few years back,” Nate said when she commented on some of the modifications she noticed. They weren’t necessarily bad, just different. “Thankfully the food’s stayed the same.”

Mia glanced up at him. So he still comes here? Josie’s was a popular date-night restaurant that saw a specific clientele—single ladies or couples. Men never came here to just hang out together. They gathered at the sports bar across the street instead. Did he bring other women here? Mia shoved the miserable thought aside. She didn’t want to think about that. Not tonight.

“What’s wrong?” he asked, frowning with concern at her sudden silence.

Mia shook her head, offering him a weak smile. She didn’t want to ruin their evening with resentful thoughts.

He studied her for a moment. “I don’t bring other women here, if that’s what you’re thinking,” he whispered. “I come here from time to time just for a quick bite.”

Mia visibly relaxed but quickly changed the subject. She knew she was acting foolish, but it would have bothered her to know he had brought other women here. This was supposed to be their spot.

The evening continued nicely and she was truly enjoying herself. She was pleased that he had thought of this. Tonight was exactly what they needed and she couldn’t have been happier. And because she didn’t want that to change, she purposely waited until after their meal to bring up Leah’s money request.

Something she immediately regretted.

“So is this why she’s here?” Nate asked after a moment.

Mia shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe. It would just be a loan and she promises to pay you back.”

He was silent for a while, the muscle on his jaw flexed. “This is pretty damn awkward, Mia. I hope you realize that. Ten grand isn’t pocket change you just lend someone.”

She glanced down at the table, humiliated. He was right. It was awkward. She wasn’t his wife and Leah wasn’t his flighty sister-in-law asking for money. The only person he had any accountability to was Mikey.

Mia wasn’t entirely sure why she was now adamant in helping her sister secure this money but she recognized her sister’s desperation and wanted to help her realize her dream.

“I know, I’m sorry,” she whispered. “Believe me, if I had it, I wouldn’t even be bothering you with this.”

“Funny, that’s the same thing you told me about the mortgage,” he muttered.

Mia cringed inside. And yet here she was asking him for more money. “I know you don’t owe her anything but it’s just…she has no money and is dead-set on going to California. She’s my sister and I want to help her.”

Nate cursed and she winced at the harsh word.

“I’m not a damn bank,” he snapped. “Who’s to say she’ll actually pay the money back?”

Mia sat back in her seat, clenching her hands together tightly. She had already gotten this far and having been thoroughly mortified, she might as well see it to the end. Or until he gave her a flat out no.

“If you’re worried about getting your money back,” she whispered, “then maybe you can just advance us the money you’re going to give us for the mortgage? This way you won’t have to pay any more than you already promised. And what money she pays back can just go into the house.”

Nate shot her a hard glare. “And what if I refuse?”

Mia looked at him questioningly. Why was he doing this? Before she could reply, their young blonde waitress came up and asked if they wanted to look at the dessert menu.

“No, I’m done,” Mia said, not looking at Nate.

“Please bring the check,” he said and she could feel his dark gaze boring into her.

Once they were alone, Mia turned back to him. “It’s your money, Nate,” she whispered. “And it’s your decision.”

They fell silent as they waited for the check. A small part of her wished she had never brought up the damn money. The evening had started perfect and now they weren’t even speaking. This is probably what Charles McArthur referred to by getting someone more on his level, someone who didn’t turn to him for money all the time. Mia averted her eyes from his, not wanting him to see her hurt and sadness. Deep in her misery, Mia barely noticed the attractive couple walking toward them. Nate turned to the couple as they drew near and recognition flashed in his dark eyes. He slipped out of his seat to greet them.

Mia forced a smile onto her lips when it came time for Nate to introduce her. “Jake, Sabrina, this is my…lady, Mia.”

Mia winced inside. Why had he faltered on the word ‘lady’, as if he couldn’t think of what to call her? She guessed lover, girlfriend, or baby mama just wouldn’t cut it.

“Jake and I used to work together,” Nate said for her benefit.

Mia listened to the small talk around her, not feeling inclined to participate. The couple seemed pleasant enough and Mia noticed the way Jake held his wife, his arm securely around her waist as if he was trying to shield her from the world. Even the way he looked at her, Mia could see the profound love he had for her.

Mia suddenly found herself envious of their obvious chemistry and love. That was something she desperately wanted with Nate.

Eventually the couple excused themselves and once again she and Nate were alone. Nate paid the check and shortly after, they left the restaurant. As they made the tense drive back to the condo, Nate finally broke the silence.

“I’ll loan Leah the money,” he said. “But I’m going to give her half now and half when she gets settled in California.”

Mia nodded, not caring anymore. And it wasn’t as if her sister was in any position to negotiate. “I’ll let her know,” Mia simply said.

“Just so you know,” he said, keeping his gaze on the road. “I hate like hell that I’m being petitioned for money like this, but the last thing I want is for us to be fighting over this.” After a short pause, he added, “I damn sure don’t want us fighting because of your sister.”

When they got home, Mikey was already in bed but Leah was lounging on the sofa, the television on mute. Her sister must have read the strained tension between them because she said nothing until Nate went into the bedroom.

Leah cornered her in the kitchen as Mia cleaned up the empty pizza box and soda cans.

“Did you ask him?” her sister asked earnestly.

Mia nodded but told her about the stipulation in which Nate would give her the money.

“But I need all of it,” Leah sputtered.

“You can get either half or nothing,” Mia snapped. “Your choice. I’m through talking about this.”

She left her sister standing in the kitchen, angry at her for putting her in this awkward position with Nate. The shower in the bedroom was running but Mia hesitated going inside. She didn’t want to lay down with Nate with this kind of tension between them.

So she doubled back and went to check in on their son.

They had put up a few glow-in-the-dark stars in his room during their decorating project and the small, glowing lights illuminated her son’s sleeping form. Mia walked into the room and sat down on the bed beside him.

She rubbed his small back softly, content to just sit there and watch him sleep. Everything she did, she did for him. There were times she felt she wasn’t doing enough to ensure his happiness, comfort, and safety. Yet these past couple of weeks, she had watched as Mikey bonded and got even closer to Nate. He was comfortable with his father and was getting used to having him around. If a short business trip had brought on tears, how would he react when they eventually left this place?

Mia stretched out on the narrow bed beside her son, listening to his soft breathing. She must have dozed off because she suddenly felt a gentle tug on her arm.

“Come on,” Nate whispered above her. “Let’s go to bed.”

Nate led her to his bedroom and into the bathroom. They stood facing each other and in her sleepy state, she didn’t realize he was undressing her until the dress pooled at her feet.

Her eyes grew wide. She was now fully alert but he didn’t say anything or touch her. He just picked up the dress and left the bathroom.

Mia took a long shower, enjoying the spray of the warm water against her tired body and weary mind. She eventually emerged, wearing one of her thin, long nightshirts only to find him sitting up in bed, waiting for her.

They simply stared at each other. When she still made no move from her spot, he came up to her and pulled her into his arms.

“We’re gonna argue,” he whispered into her hair, his tone soft and low but adamant. “It can’t be helped. This isn’t our first and it won’t be our last. But before we get into that bed, we have to promise to leave the bullshit outside this room.”

Mia looped her arms around his waist, offering him her silent agreement. There was nothing she wanted more. She closed her eyes and held him tight.





Chapter Fifteen



The company picnic turned out to be less dramatic than Mia expected. There were no awkward questions or judging looks, just curious glances toward the CEO and his sudden family. But otherwise everyone had been kind, even courteous toward her and Mikey. There was an obvious respect for Nate that had also extended to them.

MMC employees and their families filled the park but luckily it was large enough to accommodate such a crush. Everything had been contracted or catered, down to the many food carts that lined the park, and the large red and green bounce-house dominating the space. From the camaraderie between everyone, Mia could see what a special event Nate had started for his employees.

Mia eventually ran into some familiar faces. One of them being James Kent. She wasn’t too surprised to find he was still single. He had been such a flirt—and still was. They filled each other in on the last five years, Mia giving him the abridged version of her life, as she had everyone else. That she had moved back to Detroit to be with her family and raise her son but was back in Chicago visiting for the summer. James had met Nate at her apartment that long ago night and didn’t seem too surprised when he learned Mikey was Nate’s.

Once she introduced James to Leah, however, he began flirting outrageously with her sister and Leah let him. She gave as good as she got, too, and not long after the two were wandering off together.

Nate was off greeting and chatting with the family’s in attendance and Mia didn’t want to be one of those women who clung to their man, scared to socialize on her own. However, she had already met with everyone she recognized and was now worn out from all the walking. Mikey had begged her to go into the bounce-house and she had set him loose on the large balloon. She eventually found a fairly empty canopied picnic bench nearby with a woman sitting alone.

“Hi,” Mia said when she reached the bench. “Do you mind if I join you?”

“Not at all,” the woman said smiling. She was a pretty black woman with smooth, oak brown skin and beautiful, thick black curly hair, which was pulled up high on her head. “I was starting to feel deserted there for a minute,” the woman continued. “My husband went to get me a drink and I haven’t seen him since. My kids went into that bounce-house and haven’t come out since I sat down.”

Mia laughed and sat down across from her. She glanced at the large inflated playhouse, which loomed nearby. “Yeah, my son just got sucked into that place too,” Mia muttered. She held out her hand to the woman. “I’m Mia, by the way.”

The woman shifted to grab her hand and Mia noticed her perfectly round belly, outlined in a yellow and white summer dress, peeking out from the long wooden picnic table. “Thanks for keeping me company, Mia. I’m Cara.”

Mia pointed at her belly. “How far along are you?”

Cara smiled. “Five months. And then this is it.”

Mia laughed, recognizing the look of joy of carrying a life inside you but the frustration of having to share your body for the next nine months. “How many children do you have?” Mia asked, remembering the ones she’d mentioned lost in the bounce-house.

“This makes number three, which I think is a good number to stop with.”

They sat and chatted for a while, comparing pregnancy stories. Mia was surprised at how open she was being with a woman she’d just met. But Cara was such a genuine, laid-back person it was hard not to want to talk to her. Mia didn’t miss the quick glance Cara spared her hand when she mentioned Mikey’s father was Nate McArthur. Mia involuntary clasped her hands together but Cara made no mention of it.

In their conversation, Mia found they had lots more in common. Both their first born were four and delivered around the same time, and they had both worked at MMC at one point.

“I worked for my husband actually for a short while,” Cara said. “But it didn’t take long for me to realize it would never work. So I quit.”

They both laughed, understanding the challenges of working for the men of McArthur, Murphy and Company. Yet when Cara spoke of her husband, there was nothing but love and joy on her pretty face.

“You sound very happy,” Mia blurted. She was instantly embarrassed by her blunt comment. She hoped it didn’t come out mocking or presumptuous.

Cara gave her a gentle smile. “I am,” she whispered. “But we had to get through a lot before we got here.”

“I’m sorry,” Mia began. “I didn’t mean to sound—”

Cara shook her head, gently patting her arm. “You didn’t, trust me. Drake and I have known each other for a long time and, though we went years without speaking, we managed to find each other again just in time.” She smiled softly. “He turned out to be my saving grace.”

Mia’s eyes misted at her words. Cara laughed then squeezed her hand, her eyes misty as well. “Hey, I’m the pregnant lady here. I should be doing the crying.”

Mia laughed, dabbing her eyes. “I know, I’m just…” She sighed. “I’m hopeless.”

Cara smile. “No, you’re a romantic. I like that.” She paused then added, “I’d like to think I am too. One thing my experience has taught me is that love comes when you least expect it, and when the time is right, true love will find you.”

It wasn’t long before Mia met the man who put a smile on Cara’s face just by thinking of him. A large man, who was just as tall as Nate only…wider, with golden brown hair and tanned skin, made his way toward them.

“Speak of my devil,” Cara murmured with a brilliant grin. As he drew near, she called out to him. “Where did you go? Alaska?”

He handed her the bag and placed a quick kiss on her lips. “Just about,” he said. “I couldn’t find ginger ale anywhere around here. If I had known I’d end up walking across town to find one, I would have taken the truck.”

Cara opened the bag and pulled out the green bottle. “Hmm, my hero,” she whispered and took a long drink.

Her husband turned to her and held out his hand. “Since my wife insists on being rude, I’ll introduce myself. I’m Drake Ross.”

Mia took his hand but before she could introduce herself, Cara tore her lips from the bottle. “Sorry,” she sputtered. “Husband, Mia. Mia, my husband.”

Mia smiled up at the large man. “Nice to meet you.”

“Same here,” he replied.

Suddenly she noticed Nate walking toward them in easy, confident strides. Even in simple jeans and Polo, he was a sight to behold.

When he reached them, he greeted Drake and Cara then leaned down and placed a lingering kiss on her lips, in full view of everyone. Not that anyone knew the extent of their newfound relationship, but she hadn’t expected him to show affection for others to witness and analyze.

He pulled away, looking at her searchingly. “You okay?”

She nodded, smiling.

“Where’s Mikey?” he asked. “I promised him a freeze cup.”

“In the bounce-house,” she whispered, still recovering from the tender kiss.

“That sounds like a good idea,” Cara said to her husband. “Honey, why don’t you take Cassie and Caleb for one too?”

Drake raised a brow. “Trying to get rid of me?”

Cara laughed. “No, just thinking they could use a break from that place too.”

The two men went to the bounce-house and a few minutes later, Drake came back with two adorable kids with golden brown skin, pale gold curly hair, and bright, hazel eyes.

“Oh my, your children are beautiful,” Mia whispered to her.

Cara beamed. “Thank you.”

Nate followed behind Drake, a frown on his face. When she didn’t see Mikey with him, she got up from her seat and went to him. The expression on his face worried her.

“Are you sure he went in there,” Nate asked her when she reached him.

Mia nodded. “Yes, I saw him go in there right before I sat down.” And from where she had sat with Cara, she would have seen him if he’d left. Wouldn’t she?

Fear clawed at her gut and she pushed past Nate and went to the bounce-house. Maybe Nate had missed him.

They searched in and around the bounce-house, however, and still no Mikey. She called out his name with no response. Mickey never wandered off like this.

Her fear turned into panic.

“Nate, where is he?” She couldn’t keep the tremble from her voice.

“Don’t worry,” Nate said reassuringly, drawing her close. “He’s here somewhere. Just wait here in case he shows up and I’ll check out the playground.”

But panic and fear made her frantic. The park was so big she didn’t know where to start yet she couldn’t just wait there. She moved all around the park, calling out for her son, not caring about the strange looks she was attracting.

Mia eventually ended up right back where she started near the bounce-house.

And that’s where she found him.

Relief and a good amount of anger propelled her steps forward. She wrapped her hand around his small arm and yanked him down just as he was about to reenter the large balloon.

She dragged him aside, giving him a good, hard shake. “Michael Nathaniel Trent, where the hell were you?” She was too angry to realize she was shouting. “I’ve been looking all over for you. What did you think running off like that, huh?”

Mikey started to cry and she couldn’t get anything from him. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d raised her voice at him. Then again, he had never scared her like that before. This was a first for them both.

Nate soon found them and Mikey ran to him. Nate lifted him up and glanced over at her, confused.

“What happened?” he asked. “Where did you find him?”

But it was Mikey who answered for her. “Mommy, yelled at me,” he hiccupped, crying even louder.

Nate rubbed his back. “That’s because you scared us. Now tell us where you went.”

“I didn’t go nowhere,” Mikey exclaimed through his tears.

“It’s not good to lie to us,” Nate said sternly. “Just tell us the truth, and I promise I won’t get mad.”

Mikey lifted his head from Nates’ shoulders. “But I’m not lying,” he said adamantly. “I was playing in the balloon house. But then some man with glasses said you were looking for me and that he would take me to find you.”

Mia tensed at that and glanced up at Nate, who was also frowning.

“What man with glasses,” he asked.

Mikey shrugged. “He said he works for you. But then when we couldn’t find you, I told him Auntie might know where you went because I saw her but he wouldn’t go ask her. Then he just disappeared,” Mikey said with another shrug. “So I came back here.”

Mia could see Nate’s mind working fast. His voice remained gentle but his eyes were sharp. “Do you remember his name?”

Mikey thought about it then shook his head. “No. I’m sorry, Daddy.”

“It’s okay. But next time, if me, Mommy, or your aunt Leah isn’t with you, I don’t want you talking or going anywhere with anybody. You understand?”

Mikey nodded, laying his head back on Nate’s shoulders. “Is Mommy still mad at me?” he whispered despite Mia standing only a foot away from them.

Nate looked at her then put Mikey down. “Why don’t you ask her?”

Mia pulled her son to her when he drew near and held him tight. She ran her fingers through his soft curls. “I’m not mad at you, baby. But you can’t scare me like that again. Okay?”

He nodded and the rest of the afternoon, Mia kept him close. Not long after, they left the park with a promise to Cara that she would bring Mikey over to her son’s birthday party next month. It would be the last thing she and Mikey did before they left for Detroit. At the thought of leaving, an overwhelming sense of depression washed over her.

And thanks to her sister, her mood went from bad to wretched by the time they got home.

The problem with Leah, Mia was starting to realize, was that she didn’t know when to stop. Despite Nate handing her a check for five thousand dollars, Leah made a huge fuss about getting the entire amount. Nate, however, wouldn’t budge and simply stood in his office as Mia tried to get her sister to back off.

Leah wouldn’t be muzzled.

“You think you can control me like you control my sister?” Leah spat. “Oh, you’ll help us but only on your terms. It doesn’t matter that we’re about to lose our house, you’ll help only when you’re good and God damn ready.”

“Leah, that’s enough,” Mia snapped. “You have at least three months there. That’s enough to get you going and settled. What does waiting for the other half matter?”

“Exactly,” her sister shouted. “What is the point of waiting? I said I would pay the money back. Do you think I’m gonna take your money and run?”

Nate had been relatively quiet during Leah’s angry tirade but Mia knew the angrier he became, the quieter he got. However, his dark glare still couldn’t rein in Leah’s wrath.

Though Nate would never harm her sister, Mia didn’t want this to escalate where either of them said something they would regret. Since Nate wouldn’t concede and Leah wouldn’t quit, Mia was caught between a rock and a shrew.

“If you’re asking me if I trust you,” Nate finally said, his tone sharp and direct, “the answer is no. And the more you go on like this, the more I wonder what you really need the money for.”

“I told you,” Leah snapped. “I’m moving to California to start my career.”

“Right,” Nate scoffed. “And I’ve got a gold bridge for sale.”

“Well, then you can take the money you’ll make and shove it up your—”

“Leah, watch it,” Mia lashed out. “You’re not gonna talk to him like that in his own house.”

“No, Mia, let her speak. Maybe the truth will finally spill out.” He turned to Leah, his dark gaze penetrating into her. “Are you really going to California or are you trying to see how much money you can chump me for?”

Leah leveled her eyes at him. “You don’t want to go there,” she bit out. “I was gonna wait until after I left but maybe I should just go right ahead and tell Mia about the family lawyer you plan on hiring to take custody of Mikey. Or maybe you’ve already hired him.”

Mia sucked in her breath, her gaze darting to Nate’s. His eyes were glaciers. “You’ve been through my things?” he snarled with barely suppressed rage.

Mia looked at him searchingly. He isn’t even going to deny it?

Leah shrugged, her chin raised defiantly. “It wasn’t on purpose,” she defended. “I came in here to use the computer and was looking for something to write with when I found it in your desk.” She turned to face her. “Mia, I told you he would try something like this.”

Mia was barely listening to her sister. Her gaze was on Nate. His betrayal was threatening to consume her.

“You need to just take Mikey and—”

Leah didn’t get to finish her words. Nate stepped between them and practically roared in her sister’s face. “Get the hell out of here. Now!”

For the first time that evening, Leah fell silent. She glared up at him for a second then stormed out of the office.

Nate slammed the door behind her sister. He turned to face her but didn’t say anything. Mia didn’t think she would have believed anything he said anyway. She calmly walked to his desk and opened the first drawer. She rummaged through it until she found the small white business card.

She held it up. “Adam Montgomery,” she read out loud. “Family attorney specializing in divorce, child support, and child custody.”

“Mia—”

“So you lied to me,” she whispered. “You said you wouldn’t take Mikey from me. You said that was the last thing you wanted to do.”

He looked at her intently. “It is,” he said, his voice pitched low. “You think I want to put Mikey through that? That I want to put you through that?”

She stared up at him, wanting to believe him. “Then what are you doing with this,” she whispered.

He ran his hand through his hair. “My father gave me the damn card and I pretty much forgot I still had it.”

Mia’s stomach rolled at the mention of his father. What a bitter, spiteful man. Her voice shook with anger when she shouted, “The same man who said you could do a lot better than me. The same bastard who said you don’t need the cow to get the calf.”

“I told you I wasn’t going to fight you for Mikey,” he barked, his eyes steely. “You either believe me or you don’t.”

But she knew, as she knew she loved her son, that there was no way Nate was going to let her just take Mikey away from him.

“Oh God,” she whispered. “How could I be so stupid? There’s no way you’re letting me take Mikey from you.”

He sighed. “No,” he said simply.

Mia’s heart sank. Then a fiery determination lit in her. “If you think I’m going to leave Mikey here, you better think again,” she screamed. “I will fight you with everything I have before I let that happen. Everything!”

Something dark flashed in his eyes. He strode to her and grabbed her arm. “I don’t want to fight you,” he snarled inches from her face. “I want to marry you, damn it!”





Chapter Sixteen



Words failed her.

She looked at him through tear-blurred eyes, stunned speechless. Five years ago she had wanted nothing more than to marry him, to live happily ever after with him.

But things were different now. She was different. She had painfully grown out of those fairytale fantasies. She knew he was offering marriage because of Mikey, because of her circumstances, and she would be foolish to reject him. But he didn’t mention anything about love so if he wanted to be in Mikey’s life, she wouldn’t deny him. She, however, didn’t have to marry him.

Mia sighed. Maybe she was a hopeless fool after all.

Nate released her, threading his hand through his hair. “Damn it,” he muttered. “That’s not how I wanted to do that.” He sighed and reached into his pocket. In his palm was a small, black box. “Here. I wanted to ask you last night, after dinner. But things sort of went south.”

Mia stared at the black box but didn’t move to take it. She had grown out of her delusion of grand, sweeping romantic gestures where he would ask her to marry him. There would be no big announcement, no man on bended knee. But she didn’t want this, this halfhearted, obligatory proposal that seemed to come more out of resignation than love. She wanted—no, she needed—him to love her. She wanted that more than she wanted the ring nestled in the velvety black box.

“No,” she said thickly. “I’m sorry but I can’t.”

He dropped his hand to his side, his hand fisted around the small box. “Why not?” he demanded, tension and anger laced in those two words.

She glanced away from him. “Because I want a marriage that will last forever, not a marriage of…of convenience. A marriage that could end at any moment.”

His eyes narrowed in genuine confusion. “A marriage of convenience…”

She took a deep, steadying breath. “Whatever you want to call it,” she murmured. “I’m just saying that is what we would have and I don’t want that. There’s no need to be old-fashioned about this. If you want to be in Mikey’s life, I won’t stop you. I’m sure we can come up with a way to make this work.”

Nate regarded her incredulously. “This is not about Mikey. Not really, anyway. This is about us. How could you still think about leaving after what we’ve shared these past few days?”

She stared at him, amazed by his arrogance. “Nate, I have a life to get back to and us sleeping together doesn’t change that.”

He glanced away, his profile rigid. “Don’t you still…”

“Love you?” Mia finished for him when he let the words trail. “Yes, I do.” She wouldn’t deny it. She never had and she never would. “But it didn’t change anything then and I don’t see how it does now.”

He rubbed the back of his neck, appearing uneasy, a bit uncertain. “Mia…I love you too,” he said gruffly.

For some reason those hesitant, unsure words angered her. Why did he have to aggravate the wound? Wasn’t it enough she’d made herself vulnerable to him?

“Don’t,” she whispered fiercely, unable to stop the tears forming in her eyes.

He frowned. “Don’t what? Don’t tell you that I love you? Well I do.”

Mia stared at him evenly. Don’t mock me. She desperately wanted to believe him but how could she? She knew he wanted her, even cared about her, but love?

“How do you know?” she blurted, not meaning to say the words out loud.

He looked startled by her question but the loud, shrill ringing of his cell interrupted whatever he was about to say. He cursed.

He stared at the screen for a second then answered it. “Fred, right now is not a good time,” he barked. He paused, his brows drawing together as he listened to the man on the other end. “When?” Nate’s face was becoming increasingly pale. Something was terribly wrong.

Out of impulse, one she couldn’t control, Mia walked up to him and placed her hand on his arm. The need to touch him, to soothe him, was back again. He looked down at her as he listened intently on the phone, but he was looking right through her.

“Where is he?” Nate asked. A short pause, then he said, “I’m on my way.” He hung up and for a second stood there unmoving. Mia grew worried.

“Nate, what is it?”

He stared down at her with something like confusion and disbelief in his dark eyes. “My father,” he began roughly. “He’s in the hospital. He had a stroke.”

“Oh my God,” Mia breathed.

Nate shook his head as if trying to clear his head and process what was happening. She knew exactly how he must be feeling. She’d felt the same way when her mother had relapsed.

“Fred’s at the hospital now,” he said. “I…I have to go.”

She followed him out of the office. “I’m coming with you.”

He turned back to her. “No, Mikey—”

“Can stay with Leah,” she interrupted. “I’m coming with you,” she said more forcefully.



* * * *



Nate sat in the hospital waiting area with Mia sitting beside him as Fred lounged in the seat across from them, still in his evening suit.

When they had arrived, Fred had quickly filled him in on his father’s condition. Right now Charles was undergoing a series of tests and it would be a while before he was allowed visitors. Apparently, his father had collapsed during a benefit dinner tonight. He had been complaining about a splitting headache the night before and the doctors believed he may have suffered a minor stroke the night before.

Now that the shock had worn off, a strange numbness was taking its place, which Nate was grateful for. He didn’t know how he should be feeling right now so he was glad to be feeling nothing.

Mia held his hand, her soft, gentle touch reminding him he wasn’t alone in this.

They had been waiting for about half an hour yet it felt much longer. He could only imagine how Fred was feeling. The older man had been at the dinner with his father when Charles collapsed and had stayed even after he’d been admitted. He now looked haggard and disheveled.

“Fred, you don’t have to wait around,” Nate said. “I’ll call you if anything changes.”

“Are you sure?” he asked, his eyes probing.

“Yes,” Nate assured him. “Go home. Get some rest.”

Fred stood, looking uncertain but relieved. He kissed Mia good night then gave Nate’s shoulder a gentle squeeze. “Call me if you need anything.”

Nate nodded. They were finally alone in the secluded waiting area. He felt her eyes on him but kept his gaze averted, looking at nothing in particular.

He’d screwed things up tonight. Just as he had last night. What should have been a perfect evening that ended with them engaged had instead turned bitter and hostile. And tonight, he had still managed to one up his own classy performance by shouting his proposal with as much finesse as a baby with its foot in its mouth. So much for making it special for her.

He cursed her sister for the trouble she had started in the short time she had been here. Everything had been going great before she’d showed up with all her demands, attitudes, and insinuations. Yet even as Nate cursed her, he cursed himself. He certainly could have handled things a lot better than he had thus far.

“Are you okay?” Mia asked quietly, pulling him out of his self-berating thoughts.

He turned to face her and saw the concern there. “Yeah,” he whispered. “You?”

She didn’t respond just continued staring at him with those large, gentle eyes of hers. “Do you want to try calling your mother again?”

Nate snorted, leaned forward in his seat, and rested his head in his hands. “No. Between my and Fred’s calls, I’m sure she got the message.” Lillian McArthur may not even be in the country, Nate thought. It was the summer and she spent the majority of her time out of the country around this time. Mia, however, wouldn’t understand that. He was accustomed to not having his mother around but Nate could sense her confusion, her many questions.

“What are you thinking?” she finally asked, her hand slowly rubbing his back.

Nate sighed, the gentleness in her tone tugging at him. He couldn’t retreat into his own thoughts, not right now. And he found he didn’t want to.

“I can’t believe I’m sitting here right now,” Nate whispered roughly. “In all my life, I’ve never even seen that man catch a cold.”

The same man who said you could do a lot better than me.

Her words played back in his head and he got the same tight feeling he’d had when she’d thrown the words at him earlier. Is that why she refused to marry him? Did she believe he felt that way? That he was just settling? She had to know he loved her.

How do you know?

Her last words still echoed in his head.

“I’m sure he’ll pull through,” Mia whispered. “It’s natural to feel confusion and shock right now.”

He turned to look at her. She was so beautiful, so forgiving, so loving. Here she was lending him her support, her presence for a man who had shown her no more respect than he did his housekeepers. And despite his cold relationship with his father, despite his lack of finesse where she was concerned, and the mistakes he made in their relationship, she still loved him, still sat by his side.

His father had gotten it all wrong. It was she who was too good for him. He didn’t deserve her.

Nate looked away from her and blurted the thoughts that had been bothering him since they entered the hospital. “There was a time I didn’t care if he lived or died.”

She tensed beside him and he could feel her eyes on him. “You don’t mean that,” she whispered.

He let out a harsh laugh. “I’m sitting here trying to figure out how I should feel about all this, Mia. What does that say about me?”

She was silent for a moment. He had never committed those thoughts into words but there had been times he felt he didn’t have a father anyway.

“I think you’re confusing shock with indifference. I know because that’s how I felt when my mom had first been diagnosed and then again when she passed. At first I thought something was wrong with me because I didn’t feel anything, but I learned it was my way of distancing myself from reality. It becomes surreal and I think the thought of losing your dad is doing the same thing to you.” She slipped her hand in his. “You’re not a monster, Nate. You’re just scared.”

He gripped her hand tight, as if somehow she would be taken from him. He let her words sink in as he thought of the man who had been more his keeper than a father. Everything was too fresh for him to discern and make sense of right now, but her words gave him hope. She didn’t think less of him, didn’t think him unworthy to be a good father to Mikey.

They sat in silence for a while, waiting for the doctor to provide them with an update.

“Mr. McArthur, your father is doing fine but we would like to keep him over for observation for the next few days, in case he suffers a more severe attack.”

Nate nodded. The doctor proceeded to tell them the extent of the damage his father had suffered because of the stroke. Nate was suddenly overwhelmed by it all. He couldn’t imagine his father in such a weakened condition. Even at sixty-five, his father was a man in good physical shape.

“He hasn’t suffered any major damage from what we can tell,” the doctor continued, “though he may have to walk with a cane for some time, until he regains strength and feeling back in his right leg. But a few weeks in physical therapy should help with that.”

Nate nodded again then cleared his throat. “Can we see him?”

“Of course, though he’s resting now.” The doctor led them to the private room his father had been placed in. Before they entered, he turned and glanced at Mia. “I’m sorry but we ask that only immediate family be in the room at this time.”

“Its fine,” Mia began, pulling away from him. “I can wait out—”

Nate grabbed her hand again and shot the doctor a hard glare. “She is family.”

They walked into the room and Nate was unprepared for the sight that greeted him. His father lay in the narrow hospital bed, looking pale and gaunt. The man, who had once seemed indestructible to him, now appeared…fragile.

As he drew closer to the bed, he stared down at his father’s still face, a face that looked as if it had aged considerably. There were a few machines surrounding him and he had no understanding of their function only that they were keeping his father alive.

Nate remembered the way his father had been with Mikey, how carefree and jovial. He had been like another person—completely unlike the man Nate had grown to know. Yet Nate harbored no anger or resentment toward him. Not anymore anyway. There was only regret now. Regret that he would never get to know his father as he had always wanted to, that they would never have the kind of relationship he had yearned for as a kid.

And with that regret came sadness—sadness for their broken relationship and the absence of any pleasant memories. But more than anything, Nate’s sorrow was for the man his father was, for the father he had been, and for the life he had so obviously been unhappy with.



* * * *



It was late when they finally arrived home. Yet just when Mia thought the night was over—and couldn’t get any worse—it did.

As she and Nate got ready for bed, her cell phone rang, breaking the thick silence in the room. Nate looked up, frowning.

“It’s after midnight,” he said. “Who’s calling at this hour?”

She shrugged. “I don’t know…”

He grabbed her phone from the dresser and looked at the screen. “Who the hell’s Curtis Wallace?”

Her eyes widened. “Oh my God, that’s our neighbor.” She grabbed the phone from him, a sudden uneasiness coming over her. It was one in the morning in Detroit. Mr. Wallace wouldn’t be calling at this hour just to chat and if he was in trouble, neither she nor Leah would be able to help him.

She answered the phone but Mr. Wallace’s gravelly voice was going too fast for her to make out his words. “Mr. Wallace, you have to slow down. Now what kind of accident…”

Mia listened intently and what her neighbor told her numbed her with shock. She stared at Nate blankly as she tried to absorb everything Mr. Wallace was telling her. Her body moved from blank numbness to an icy chill. When she finally ended the call, she stood there, staring at nothing, completely in a daze.

Nate grabbed her elbow and squeezed. “What happened?”

She shook her head as if trying to deny something. “There was a fire. Our house…it’s gone.”

Mia tried to shake the sick feeling that filled her as Mr. Wallace’s words sank in. They lost everything. Their home. The home she’d been fighting so hard to keep. It was now gone.

At least she had their photo albums, she thought wryly.

According to her neighbor, the fire department had evidence that the fire had been set intentionally. Who would do such a thing? They were a quiet family and had never attracted any trouble…

Leah.

Wherever her sister went, trouble followed and an unbelievable thought began to form. Mia marched into the living room where her sister slept and shook her awake. “Leah, what the hell did you do?” Mia screamed.

Her sister came awake with a start. She sat up on the couch, confused. “Mia? What the hell—”

“Who did it, Leah?” Mia shouted again. “Who did you screw with this time?”

Leah jumped off the couch. “What the hell are you talking about?” she shouted in Mia’s face.

Nate came up and pulled her away from her sister. “Mia, calm down,” he snapped. “Now lower your voices before you wake Mikey.”

“What the hell is going on?” Leah asked again, her voice a harsh whisper. “What did I do?”

“Mr. Wallace called,” Mia snapped fiercely. “Someone just burned our house down. And I have a feeling you know something about this.”

Leah’s eyes widened. She shook her head, stunned. “What—why would you think that?” Her sister’s hurt confusion suddenly turned into cold anger. “You know what, think whatever the hell you want, Mia. I didn’t have shit to do with it!”

“You show up here, out of the blue, and do everything short of beg Nate for money. Then a few days later our house burns down,” Mia explained tightly. “What else am I supposed to think?”

“Are you in trouble with someone?” Nate asked when Leah remained silence.

She glanced over at him before averting her eyes. She shook her head and placed her hand around her neck, a nervous gesture Mia was all too familiar with. And the way she was avoiding eye contact, Mia knew she was hiding something.

But before she could demand the truth from her sister, Nate reminded her of the seriousness of the situation.

“You need to tell us what’s really going on,” he said, his tone hard but even. “Whatever trouble you’re in could have followed you here and put us all in danger, and that’s not something I’m gonna allow. Not while Mikey’s here.”

Mia hadn’t even considered that and apparently neither had Leah. Her sister’s eyes widened as she glanced from her to Nate.

She hesitated for a second then said, “I’m not the one in trouble. Jackson is. He got in with this really bad group as soon as he got out. Now he owes them some serious money, which I was trying to help him come up with so they would back off.”

Mia was too stunned to formulate any sensible thought. Why hadn’t her sister told her this? These people were obviously dangerous and the thought of her sister even coming in contact with them made Mia shiver.

“Is that why you needed the money?” Nate asked.

Leah nodded. “But I really was going to pay you back,” she rushed out.

“Why would they burn down our house?” Mia asked when she finally found her voice. “Why would they come after us?”

Leah fell back down on the sofa, as if her legs could no longer support her. “I…I let Jackson stay at the house,” she finally whispered. “He had no place to go after he got out. And I thought it would be okay since you and Mikey were going to be away for a while.” Suddenly Leah sprang back up to her feet. “Oh my God, what if Jackson was in the house.”

“Mr. Wallace said no one was hurt,” Mia assured her. Knowing what she did of Jackson, Mia wouldn’t be surprised if he had already fled Detroit.

“These people,” Nate broke in, “were they expecting the money from you or were you going to give it to Jackson?”

“To Jackson. I told him I’d try to get it to him this week. He didn’t tell me when he needed it but the way he was acting lately, I knew they were expecting it soon.”

“Do you know who these guys are?” Mia asked.

Leah shook her head.

Mia closed her eyes. So because these animals hadn’t gotten their money, they had burned down their house? Mia couldn’t take it anymore. Her head was pounding. Everything that led up to today began to weigh on her.

“I have to go back,” Mia said to no one in particular.

Nate snapped his head around, scowling at her. “You’re not going anywhere.”

Mia placed her fingers on her temples. “I have to go back and…well, I don’t know yet but I have to see if there’s anything salvageable. I’m sure there are also reports to fill out. Then there’s the bank and the insurance company…” Mia blew out a breath, tears of frustration burning her eyes. “I don’t even remember the name of the home insurance company,” she whispered.

Nate gently pulled her into his arms. “Don’t worry about that right now,” he said gently. “Tomorrow we’ll call the fire department and get this figured out. Once we know it’s safe to go back there, we’ll go back.”

Mia leaned into him, trying to absorb some of his strength. So much had happened in so little time, her body and emotions felt as if they had gone through a grinder.

Nate turned to Leah. “Are you still set on going to California?”

Mia looked over at sister, curious of her response. Though she wanted her sister to be happy and follow her dreams, she didn’t know how she felt about her moving so far away. Mia was too accustomed to having her near.

Leah shrugged. “I would like to,” she said. “But I still don’t have enough saved up yet.”

“Then take the money I gave you and start with that,” Nate offered.

Leah narrowed her eyes at him. “Are you sure? I mean, I’m happy to take it, but I don’t know when I’ll be able to pay you back.”

“As long as you leave this week, we can discuss repayment some other time,” Nate said. “But just know that you’re not getting any more from me then what I wrote that check for. The damage has been done so forget about helping your boyfriend.”

Leah was silent for a moment then said hesitantly, “Thanks. I guess.”

Nate grunted. “Don’t think I’m doing this out of the kindness of my heart,” he said curtly. “I just don’t like the idea of worrying about Mikey and Mia while you’re here.”

As Mia finally prepared for bed, she couldn’t stop thinking about her sister and their frail relationship. She wished more than anything now that they were closer, that her sister would have felt comfortable enough to talk to her about this problem. Maybe it was up to her to try and strengthen their relationship. Mia would make sure Leah didn’t leave here without knowing she could always come to her with anything, that she would always be there for her.

Lost in her thoughts, Mia didn’t realize Nate was standing so close until she ran into him. The serious expression on his face said he wasn’t ready to turn in just yet. Mia had an idea of what he had on his mind. She hadn’t missed the small, black box he had slipped into the dresser drawer.

“Nate, please,” she said, stepping around him to get to the bathroom. “Not tonight.”

“I’m not putting this off,” he said quietly, blocking her move. “I want to know why you won’t marry me.”

She let out a ragged sigh. “Nate, you don’t have to marry me,” she said, turning away from him. “We don’t have a home to go back to, so you win. You’re now stuck with us. I’m not taking Mikey anywhere.”

He was silent for a moment then said softly, “But I want us to get married.” He turned her to face him. “I want us to be a family, for you and Mikey to share my name.”

Mia’s heart skipped. “I want that too,” she whispered.

“Good.” Immense relief carried through that single word.

Suddenly her mother’s words echoed in her head. He has to love you more, Mia… For now, however, Mia would settle for him just loving her as much as she did him because it would be impossible for him to love her that much more.

“But,” she interjected, “we don’t have to get married to be a family. I don’t want you to make that kind of commitment and decide years later, you want something different. I’ll stay with you and we can continue as we are.”

Nate’s eyes flared as he looked at her intently. “I know what I want,” he said sharply. “And I want you, I want it all.”

But I want your love more.

Her eyes blurred with tears but she didn’t know if it was from fatigue or from being too terrified to hope this could be all she’d hoped for.

“Why are you doing this?” he asked harshly when she stood staring at him in silence. “I told you I love you and I know you still love me.”

This made it twice now that he’d thrown those words at her but she didn’t know who he was trying to convince more—her or himself. She shook her head, fighting the tears that threatened to fall. She wanted so badly to believe him but she couldn’t risk the kind of blow her heart would take if he grew to resent her or they eventually ended in divorce.

“I do love you,” she whispered. “And I won’t love you any less if we don’t get married. But I need you to be sure you love me enough to want this forever, Nate. Because nothing less will do.”

He stared down at her, a sort of frustrated anger pulsating from him.

“We can be a family,” she continued. “But I won’t marry you. Not until you’re sure that’s what you truly want.”

She pushed past him and headed to the bathroom, seeking refuge, if only for a moment, to tend to her painfully aching heart.





Chapter Seventeen



The next few days were a whirlwind of activity. Between visiting Nate’s father, calling the fire department, and tracking down the necessary insurance information, she and Nate had little time to talk about their relationship. She assumed he was taking her words into consideration and assessing whether he truly wanted to bind himself into marriage.

She tried to give him some space, give them some room, but he refused to let her pull away. Each night, they made love and every time after she found herself hauled against him.

Still, he never brought up the proposal.

She should have been content with that, happy he was thinking before he offered something he would later regret, but the truth was she wasn’t. She didn’t want him to have to think about wanting to marry her. She wanted him to know.

This was all at her insistence, though, so if it didn’t result in what she hoped for, she would just have to be content with them being a family and Mikey having them both in his life.

Mia shoved the thoughts of their relationship aside and focused on the things she needed to accomplish today, like help her sister prepare for her journey to California.

Leah had not wanted to leave until she had gotten a hold of Jackson. Once she had, Leah found out Jackson had indeed left Detroit, pretty much as soon as she had. He had made his way to New York and had suggested Leah move out there with him, while he waited for things to die down. Mia had been thrilled and unbelievably proud of her sister for choosing to stick with her original plan and follow her dreams to California.

With her sister preparing to leave, Mia realized she was going to miss her. Before Leah headed to the door, she stopped and lifted Mikey up.

“Bye, Mouse,” she said, giving him a fierce hug and quick kiss on the nose. “You be good, okay?”

“Okay!” Mikey agreed. “When can I come see you at Disneyland?”

Leah laughed. “I got to talk to Mickey first. See if he can use another mouse in his kingdom.”

Mikey giggled and scrunched up his small shoulders. “Okay!”

Leah picked up her small bag as she started toward the door. Mia followed her. She hated the idea of her sister making the long drive to California on her own, but Leah seemed excited and unconcerned about it.

“Are you going to stop along the way?” Mia asked.

“Yes, ma’am,” her sister said with a small smile. She briefly lost the smile and glanced away from her. “Mia, look, I’m sorry about the house. I know how badly you wanted to keep it for Mama and had I known—” Leah cleared her throat, her voice thick with emotion. “Anyway, I’m sorry.”

Mia studied her sister for a moment then gave her a fierce hug of her own. Mia never understood why they weren’t as close as they could be, but it was time she came to appreciate that she and Leah were two extraordinarily different people and love her sister despite it.

Mia pulled away and looked at her. “It wasn’t your fault and I’m just glad you were here with us when that all went down.” Mia paused then added adamantly, “You mean more to me than that house, Leah. I love you and appreciate all that you’ve done for me and Mikey.”

Her sister looked away, obviously embarrassed by her heavy display of affection. It wasn’t something typical between them, but Mia felt she needed her sister to know how she truly felt.

“Don’t get gushy on me now,” Leah teased, a soft smile on her face. “You know I love your ass too.” For good measure, Leah smacked her butt. Right before she walked out, she said as an afterthought. “I’m sure Nate is probably happy to see me gone, but tell him I said thanks again. He’s a good man,” she added with a nod.

Mias’ brow rose and Leah laughed. Just the other night, the two of them had gotten into a heated argument on which route would be the safest for Leah to take on her drive to California.

“I mean it,” Leah said, chuckling. “I see how he is with you and Mikey. He’s one of the good ones.”

As Mia closed the door behind her sister, she thought about Nate, who was actually at the hospital visiting his father now. Nate had decided to take the rest of the week off from the office to visit with his father and then tomorrow morning they would make the long drive to Detroit to inspect the damage from the fire. She didn’t know what to expect when they got there but she was bracing herself. To lose everything she owned, everything that had been familiar to her, was scary.

The good news though was Charles’ condition was steadily improving. Besides his limited mobility, his speech was still clear and his mind just as sharp.

Mikey came up to where she sat on the sofa and pulled her out of her thoughts.

“Mommy, I’m hungry,” he declared, tugging on her skirt.

Mia stroked his hair, loving the feel of the soft strands. She glanced at the clock hanging on the wall. It was a little before noon.

“What do you want? Grilled cheese or peanut butter and jelly?” Mia knew what the answer would be.

“Grill cheese!” he exclaimed.

Like father, like son, Mia thought with a smile.

She remembered a time long ago when she’d made Nate such a simple meal. He had devoured it with such relish, as if it had been fine cuisine.

While she prepared the quick lunch for her son, a knock came at the door. Mia slid the sandwich out of the pan and headed toward the door. They weren’t expecting anyone or any deliveries, and it couldn’t be Leah. By now her sister was probably well past the Illinois state line.

If it was one of those sales people, Mia was not interested. She looked through the peephole and couldn’t make out the face that stared back at her through the tiny window.

“Who is it?” she called out through the door.



* * * *



Nate looked down at his father while he waited for him to exhaust himself with his tirade.

“I said I want to leave this place, damn it!” his father raged from his hospital bed.

“You’re scheduled to be released tomorrow morning,” Nate said dryly. “Just one more day. You’ll survive.”

“How the hell would you know,” Charles snapped. “You’re not lying here, being touched and picked on by some kids. This place is ridiculous.”

Nate sat by his father’s bedside and listened to him vent about his mistreatment at the hands of every hospital staff member that walked into his room. If Charles could have gotten out of the bed without requiring assistance, Nate had no doubt he would have gladly walked out of the hospital. His father’s surliness, however, didn’t bother him—it actually comforted him in a way. Nate could handle the aggressive, demanding man that was his father better than he could the weak, frail man that had been lying unmoving just days ago.

When his father was done berating the hospital staff, who he was once again accusing of holding him against his will, he started in on Nate. “Why the hell haven’t you brought my grandson to see me?”

“If you were on your deathbed, then maybe we would have brought him in to see you,” Nate explained. After what Mikey had experienced with Mia’s mother, they had both decided to spare Mikey the trauma of coming to the hospital. “You’ll also be back home tomorrow, anyway,” Nate added, “so he can see you then.”

Charles grunted. “You’re right,” his father said disgruntled. “I don’t want him to see me like this. Like some helpless old relic.” After a short pause, he asked. “Have you looked into that lawyer I told you about? You know it wouldn’t be hard for the court to grant you full custody.”

Nates’ jaw clenched. He didn’t want to have this conversation with his father. He was still trying to figure out how to convince Mia that he was truly, madly, and deeply in love with her. She didn’t believe him when he told her. It was as if she wanted him to prove it to her somehow. He had thought a ring would be the surest way but obviously it wasn’t, and Nate was at a loss. How did he prove to her that he loved and needed her more than he needed his next breath?

“There isn’t going to be a custody battle,” Nate said tightly. “Mia and Mikey are both staying with me and once I can convince Mia to say yes, we’re going to be married.”

His father stared at him shrewdly. “Convince her?”

“Yes,” Nate said simply. His father was the last person he was prepared to take advice from, and he certainly wouldn’t be discussing his relationship with his father.

Charles was silent for a moment then said, “Maybe she’s not as smart as I’d thought. No smart woman would turn down marriage, especially not a woman in her situation.”

“Well, shows how little you know about her,” Nate said curtly. “Mia loves me and I love her. When she eventually agrees to marry me, you’ll be the first invited to the wedding.”

After a brief pause, Charles grunted. “If you’re so set on throwing your freedom away, by all means, get married,” Charles mumbled. “See how far love takes you. Just don’t be surprised when it takes you to the cleaners!”

Nate stared at his father, trying to understand the source of his misery and bitterness. From what he could remember, his parents had spent much of their time away from each other and, in turn, Nate had spent a substantial part of his childhood away at boarding schools. That had actually been fine by him because the time away from them was what kept him sane.

“Was having a family that unbearable for you?” Nate asked quietly. He hadn’t meant to say the words out loud but now they hovered between them, heavy and thick in the private room.

“It certainly hadn’t been heartwarming,” Charles snapped. “Saddled with a money-hungry whore of a wife and a son who hated my guts? Who wouldn’t be thrilled to come home to that?”

Nate barely got over his shock at his father’s sarcastic accusation enough to hear the rest of his bitter words. He couldn’t believe his father’s audacity. Charles McArthur was the one who had acted as if his son and wife had been an unwanted burden to him. It wasn’t until Nate had passed adolescence and shown promise of being an astute businessman that his father had begun paying attention to him.

“I don’t hate you,” Nate murmured.

His father fell silent, his entire body rigid.

“I don’t know why you would think that,” Nate continued. “You’re the one who kept your distance, who stayed away and then sent me away.” Nate’s tone carried his own resentment. Growing up, Nate had wanted nothing more than for his father to laugh and joke with him, to just…notice him. Instead he’d been treated with a cold indifference, which he had ultimately learned to project back at his father. Eventually it had come so naturally that Nate didn’t realize when he would turn it on. Was that why his father thought he hated him?

Have you ever talked to him about how you feel? Mia’s words sounded so clearly in his head, he couldn’t ignore them.

For the first time, in his thirty-five years, Nate finally told his father how he felt. He didn’t care what his father thought, whether he agreed or disagreed, he laid down everything. It was relieving, almost liberating, to finally unload all his bitterness and resentment about the kind of father he was and the kind of father Nate had wished he’d been.

“All that doesn’t matter anymore,” Nate ended quietly, looking down at his father who lay staring up at the ceiling, listening silently. “You’re the only father I’ve got and I’m the only son you’ve got. So for better or worse, we’re stuck with each other.”

His father continued to say nothing but that didn’t bother Nate. He’d said what he’d needed to say and now he didn’t have to ever speak of it, never have to revisit it, again. They could either continue to let their past resentments drive them even further apart or they could move past it. Either way, Nate was looking forward to fostering his relationship with his own son.

He eventually left the hospital with the realization that his father would always be who he was, and Nate would just have to accept him and move on. A heaviness he hadn’t realized he’d been carrying was suddenly lifted. He felt lighter, more at ease. He now had the kind of family he’d always wanted and he was suddenly impatient to get to them.

As Nate neared the condo, Mia called. He smiled. No matter what, he would find a way to convince her that they were meant to be together, that they were meant to be one.

“Hey, baby,” he said into the phone. “I was just thinking about you.”

“Nate? Where are you?”

He frowned at the soft edge in her voice. “What’s wrong?”

“Nothing…” she said. “I don’t think. It’s just that…there’s this guy from your office here who said you sent him to pick up some files? He said you were tied up in a meeting, but I thought you weren’t going into the office today.”

“I just left the hospital,” Nate said, a prickling sensation crawling down the back of his neck. “I never went into the office.” They were both silent as the stench of danger became strong. “Did he tell you his name?” Nate asked curtly.

“Umm, Steven Rose, I think. Something like that. I couldn’t hear him through the door.”

Stephen Rhodes? What the hell… Nate’s hand clenched around the steering wheel but he forced his voice to remain calm, not wanting to scare her.

“Mia, where are you now?”

“By the door,” she said then gasped sharply. “Nate, now he’s banging on the door. What’s going on?” Her voice was now high with panic.

Nate’s heart began to thud in his chest. “Mia, take Mikey and go into the bedroom. Then hang up and call the police. I’m on my way.”

Mia wasted no time. She abruptly ended the call and Nate raced home. His heart pounded in his ear as fury threatened to engulf him. Stephen Rhodes had better pray the cops got to him first because Nate vowed to kill the man for daring to come near his family.



* * * *



“Nate, honestly, I’m fine.” Mia said, stroking his arm as he held on to her tight. “We’re fine.”

They lay in the bed, darkness surrounding them, but still he couldn’t sleep. His thoughts were filled with the threat that had come close to harming Mia and Mikey today.

Though Rhodes was now in custody, Nate still couldn’t shake his rage and fear thinking of what could have happened had Mia not trusted her intuition and called him first. He had made it to the condo before the police only to find scuffs on the door from where Rhodes tried to kick it down. The man had fled the scene but the police had managed to find him not far from their apartment. In his car they had found rope, duct tape, large blankets, and a handgun. Based on the photos they found, he had also been stalking them for days, and the police had believed this was an attempt at kidnapping.

Nate shuddered at the thought of what could have happened had he succeeded. He had no doubt in his mind it had been Rhodes Mikey had come across at the park. At the mention of that incident, the police had upgraded Rhodes charges to attempted child kidnapping, which held a much harsher sentence.

Nate didn’t understand what his motive had been. Upon his arrest, Rhodes had refused to talk so they could only speculate but whether it had been for money or revenge—or both—Nate wanted to do physical harm to the bastard for just letting the thought of hurting his son cross his mind. Unfortunately, Nate would have to let the justice system handle him. He, in turn, would make sure this never happened again.

He had no doubt now Rhodes had indeed been stealing from his company. Yet of all the terminations he’d done these past few years, Nate had never had anyone come after him like this. The thought that Rhodes had come pretty damn close to taking his family today scared Nate like nothing else could. It was even more infuriating to think he hadn’t been there to protect them, that because of his father’s company, he had come close to losing the most precious people in his life.

“God,” Nate whispered harshly, his face buried in her hair. “I don’t know what I would do if I lost you or Mikey.”

Mia continued stroking his back and his arm. “Well, I’m not going anywhere, remember?” she said reassuringly. “And neither is Mikey. We’re fine Nate, really. I was a little scared at first but Mikey didn’t seem to notice what was happening and that’s what matters. I don’t think I could have stood it if he’d been scared too.”

Nate agreed but that still didn’t ease his rage at the psychotic man. He still wanted to kill Rhodes for coming to his home and putting a fear in him that would always be there.

Mia and Mikey were his world now. He would die before he let harm come to them. Mia wanted to know if he loved her enough to want forever, but what she failed to realize was his love for her was immeasurable. He couldn’t say how much because it was boundless and absolute.

And she needed to understand that.

Nate turned her on her back and leaned over her. Through the darkness of the bedroom he made out her dark eyes and slender face. “I love you,” he whispered.

She went still, her body rigid beneath him. She still didn’t believe him. Nate sighed. He wouldn’t give up.

“Do you remember the couple we met the other night at Josie’s?” Nate began. “Jake and Sabrina?” If he hadn’t been watching her so intensely, he would have missed her slight nod. “Five years ago, I met Jake at a business meeting. He was looking for investors for his growing technology company, which he had started in New York. It was growing fast and he began opening small regional offices throughout the country, including Chicago. I believed in his business and it wasn’t long before I became an investor myself.”

Nate could see her confusion as to why he was telling her this but he continued on. “Everything was great with Mercury Horizon. Jake had even started expanding internationally. Then he and Sabrina got married and were soon expecting their first baby.”

Nate smiled slightly at the memory of Jake’s excitement and pride over the news. “I’ve never seen a man so happy or impatient to become a father,” Nate continued, chuckling. “And I admit I was a little jealous of his happiness. But Jake was obsessed with his wife and when I met Sabrina, I understood why,” he added with a small grin. “She’s a lot like you.”

He leaned down and brushed his lips lightly across hers. He pulled away, rubbing his thumb across her lower lip. “I should have realized what a treasure I had in you,” he whispered and her eyes glistened.

“Growing up,” he continued in a low tone, needing her to understand why he had denied wanting a child of his own so long ago, “I didn’t know what it was like to have a real family. I didn’t grow up in a happy home. Everything I saw in my family, in my father, I wanted the opposite of. The last thing I wanted was to have kids and make them feel the way I did. Maybe it was fear or selfishness on my part but the thought of trying to raise another life scared me.”

She reached up and placed her palm on his cheek. “Thank you for telling me that,” she whispered thickly.

He kissed her palm. “Thank you for giving me a family. I’m lucky to have you and Mikey. I realize that now.” He paused then continued, his tone grim. “Unfortunately, Jake and Sabrina weren’t so lucky. She went into labor too soon and their baby was delivered premature. It was a boy. He survived just a few weeks before they lost him.”

Silent tears coursed down the sides of her face. He brushed them away. “I was shocked by their loss and could only imagine what they were going through. No one should have to go through that kind of pain. Of holding their baby only to have it taken away,” he whispered roughly. “I don’t know too much of what happened after, but I know things got pretty bad for them. Jake was holding it together for Sabrina’s sake but shortly after, he sold his company to focus on his wife. He gave it all up, gave up the company he had built from nothing, so he could take care of his wife.”

Mia was sobbing uncontrollably now and he tried to console her. It hadn’t been his intention to bring on this kind of anguish.

“Nate,” Mia asked through her tears. “Why are you telling me this?”

“Because I didn’t understand it before, but I do now. I understand why Jake did what he did because I would do the same for you,” he whispered, wanting her to understand the lengths he’d go to for her. “Nothing is more important to me than you and Mikey and I would give it all up for you, for him. I would do it because I love you, Mia. I can’t tell you how much because it can’t compare. Just know that there is nothing I wouldn’t do, nothing I wouldn’t give up, for you.”

He brought his lips down and kissed away her tears. She looped her arms around him and she fitted her lips with his. Their tender kiss soon turned frantic as raw emotion and desire rose between them. He spread her thighs and gently entered her in a thrust that cemented their love and soothed their souls.

Each stroke, each rise brought them closer together, physically and sacredly. He had never felt so connected with anyone, so frenzied yet at peace.

He rested his forehead on hers, staring down into her dark eyes. “My love for you is forever, Mia. This,” he rasped on a deep thrust, “is forever.”

She gasped sharply, her inner muscles clenching and tugging around his shaft. It sent him over the edge and together they dissolved in a shattering crescendo.

Hours later, Nate rose from the bed as the early light of dawn began to peek through the window. He left Mia’s warm, sleeping form as he made his way to the drawer. He pulled out the sparkling engagement ring from its velvet bed and rejoined her in the bed. He gathered her close and slipped the ring on her finger.

She awoke slowly, a lazy smile on her soft lips. She brought her palm to his cheek. He waited for her to notice. When she did, her eyes widened as she stared at the diamond ring glittering on her finger. Her hand fell away from him as she stared at her hand. Then she clenched her hand into a tight fist, her eyes glistening with unshed tears.

“Marry me, Mia,” he whispered, grabbing her hand and bringing it to his lips. “I want you mind, body, and soul. Nothing less will do.”





Epilogue



It was August when Mia finally decided what she wanted done with her hair. She just hadn’t expected the stunned reaction from Nate and Mikey.

“Mommy, you look like a boy.”

Mia fingered the nape of her hair as she stared at Nate and Mikey, who stood gaping at her. She rarely did anything spontaneous, especially with her hair but it had been time. On her way to picking up the birthday gift for Caleb’s party, she had stopped by the empty salon in the mall with the sudden urge to do something…different. By the stunned expressions on Nate’s face, a pixie haircut may have been too drastic. Now she wondered if it had been smart to let the only black stylist, who had just received her beauty license, cut her hair.

“Say something,” she whispered, her plea snapping Nate out of his daze.

He smiled crookedly. “Well, babe, how does it feel to be one of the boys?”

Her face fell. He laughed.

“Come here,” he said, pulling her into his arms.

She buried her face in his chest. “Is it that bad?”

“No, baby, it’s sexy,” he said with a fast kiss on her lips. “If my ring wasn’t there to warn off other scavengers, I wouldn’t be able to leave your side.”

They made it to Drake and Cara’s home, where Caleb’s birthday party was overflowing in their backyard. Their home was beautiful and spacious. Mia couldn’t wait until she and Nate began house hunting. With their home destroyed in Detroit, they planned to buy a new home in Chicago. The search was set for after the wedding, which would be a small ceremony with just close family and friends. Mia no longer needed the fairytale wedding she had always dreamt of as a little girl. She was content to just start her happy beginning with the man she loved.

Charles had even surprised them by referencing his attendance at their small ceremony. He was doing better and it seemed as if his relationship with Nate was beginning to grow more amicable, if only just a little. Her own relationship with Leah, however, was growing much stronger. Maybe some distance had been what they needed. She spoke with her sister almost every other day, excited to hear about her quests as an aspiring model. Leah seemed to be happy with her new life but had assured her that no matter what, she would come up for her wedding.

When they entered the Ross home, they were immediately greeted by a hoard of laughing children, balloons, and party favors. Mia added their gift to the table filled with presents and maneuvered through the crowd. She was still nervous about letting Mikey out of her sight but eventually she relaxed enough to let him run off and play with the other kids.

The incident with Stephen Rhodes still left her a bit wary but she was working on it. With the mounting evidence against Rhodes and the serious charges, they wouldn’t have to worry about him for a while. Nate’s guilt had weighed heavily on him. It had taken some time, but she had managed to convince him none of what happened had been his fault and encouraged him to stay on as CEO of MMC. The company was better with him there. To ensure something like that didn’t happen again, however, they were currently adjusting their termination, as well as the hiring, process.

Though she and Nate still had lingering anxiety about letting Mikey out of their sight, Nate would occasionally remind her that Mikey would soon be attending preschool. For her and Mikey’s sake, she needed to get used to being without him. The separation would be hard but she would cope.

Nate had suggested she look into finishing her law degree, perhaps taking some classes as a refresher from the local college, but Mia hesitated. Though she loved Nate for his support, there was a lot going on for them right now and going back to school became a low priority for her. There would have been a time that she would have liked nothing more than to go back and finish, but for now she was content taking care of her family full time. They had even discussed having another baby soon, and she was looking forward to giving Mikey a little brother or sister to play with.

With Mikey off in the back of the house with all the other children, Mia went to see if Cara needed help with anything. On her way through the house, she caught a glimpse of Sabrina Landon, chatting with a group of women, a little boy who looked to be about one or two, on her lap. Mia remembered the story Nate had told her about the Landon’s loss and her heart went out to the woman. She couldn’t imagine going through that kind of pain. Just the thought of not knowing her Mikey overwhelmed her with grief.

Luckily, the woman hadn’t suffered alone. And from the little boy resting on Sabrina’s lap, she and her husband had obviously been gifted with another baby boy.

In the kitchen, Mia found the beautifully glowing, and growing, Cara icing cupcakes. For the party, Cara explained, they had opted for the mini cakes instead of a traditional cake to accommodate the large crowd. Mia gladly took over the icing for her when Cara commented on her tender soles.

As Mia covered the two remaining pans of cupcakes with chocolate and vanilla cream, her eyes caught the glint from her engagement ring. At times it seemed surreal to know she would soon be marrying the love of her life. She wished more than anything to have her mother with her on that day. Nate had allowed her to pick the date, so long as they were married by the end of the year, and Mia had decided to set it for September, on the day she had lost a special part of her. It was a bittersweet decision for her but she had wanted to share that moment with her mother, to have something worth smiling about on that day.

Though it had taken some hard lessons, Mia finally understood that life—and love—weren’t a fairytale. Love didn’t come in neat, complete happy endings. It certainly wasn’t for the meek or the fickle hearted. Love was messy and painful and most times impulsive. But when it was shared, when it was treasured by another, it was…magic.

Mia thought about her Nate and couldn’t help but smile. She’d always known true love existed. But only for those who went after it…for those who waited for it…and for those who believed in the exquisiteness of forever after.





*THE END*





About The Author



Lena Hart’s passion for romance novels began when she picked up Amanda Quick’s Seduction. Her love for writing eventually emerged when she wrote two screenplays and a short story in her 8th grade English class. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mostly writes sensual interracial romances with a flare of suspense and mystery. A Florida-native, she currently lives in New York City with her two calico kitties, Duchess and Daisy. When Lena is not writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about Lena and her upcoming works, visit www.LenaHartSite.com.



Other Books by Lena



Because You Love Me

Because You Are Mine





Secret Cravings Publishing

www.secretcravingspublishing.com





