The Flower Queen


Lena Hart



The Queen Chronicles

Book I



A Sinful Short





Published by SM Publishing



The Flower Queen

Copyright © 2013 Lena Hart



Edited by Elizabeth Stock

Proofread by Shara Moon

Cover design by San Jean/SM Publishing



All cover art and design copyright © 2013 by SM Publishing.



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

This literary work may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission.

The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the Internet or via any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author’s and publisher’s rights is appreciated.

All characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.

The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for third-party Web sites or their content.





~DEDICATION~



To REason for planting the seed that sprouted this series…





THE FLOWER QUEEN

Lena Hart





The Queen of Clubs, known as the Flower Queen, is said to possess a sharp mind, a restless heart, and a fiery temper.



♣





Chapter One



“I love your body,” he whispered into her ear.

She laid languidly over him as he ran his rough hands down the smooth curves of her waist and hips. His thick shaft still nestled inside her, hot and hard. She rested her head on his muscled chest and brushed her fingers against his flat nipples. The steady throbbing of his heartbeat quickened against her ear as he grabbed her hand...

Gina Conners shook the memory away as the pilot announced their descent into Las Vegas. She couldn’t stop thinking about Gabe and their last night together. His own business travel had kept them apart these past few weeks and she had missed him every day since. She still did.

Gabriel Alexander. Her Gabe. Successful entrepreneur, charismatic lover…lying cheat.

Gina let out a soft sigh. No, he wasn’t hers. He had never been hers. Despite the fact that she had given her heart to him, he had just been her seducer, her heartbreaker.

For twenty-seven years she had managed to protect her heart, and now it lay crushed and broken in her chest.

Now she wished she had deleted the email she received yesterday. It had come from Gabe’s personal email address but when she’d opened it, a picture of him with a pretty brunette had filled the screen. Gina had stared at the photo for what seemed like hours. The message accompanying the photo had simply read in no uncertain terms: Stay away from my husband.

But Gina hadn’t deleted it nor had she responded. For some perverse reason, she had kept it to remind herself of her stupidity and his betrayal.

The last twenty-four hours had been a rollercoaster with her emotions alternating from hatred to longing to self-disgust. Wanting a man who would treat her heart so callously was beyond Gina’s comprehension and yet she still ached for him.

His constant calls and text messages didn’t help. She ignored them all, unable to muster the strength to rage against him for the eight months of lies and deceit. Instead, she raged at herself and her stupidity. She should have suspected something. He rarely spoke of his past or his work, a job that conveniently kept him traveling so she never really much time at his place.

The plane finally made its bumpy landing and before long, she was dragging her carry-on through the busy airport terminal.

But she couldn’t stop thinking about Gabe—or the photo.

God, she was an idiot. Even proof of his infidelity couldn’t keep her from longing for him. But the thought of his betrayal left a rancid feeling in the pit of her stomach. If she hadn’t forgotten to eat lunch, she would have been sick.

The sharp pain in her heart was foreign to her and it was all she could do to keep from crying out as unexpected tears suddenly blurred her vision.

Trying not to draw attention to herself, Gina walked calmly to the ladies room. She rushed past a cleaning woman and into an empty stall. The tears started to flow before she had the stall door locked.

“Miss?” the woman called out. “Are you all right?”

Gina tried to stifle her crying but failed miserably. “I’m fine,” she managed.

Eventually the woman left and the storm of tears passed. Finally alone, Gina left the protection of the stall. Red eyes and running mascara stared back at her from the wide mirror. She grabbed some tissue and dabbed at her face, careful not to smear any more of her make-up.

She needed to fix herself up and bury the hurt and anger deep inside. Right now, she couldn’t afford to fall apart. There was a job to do this week and she couldn’t let her personal crap interfere.

Once she made her way out of the airport and into the dry Nevada air, scorching heat greeted her. The sun beamed down, bright and hot, and to add to her misery, she didn’t have her shades.

Gina hated Las Vegas. Not only was it unbearably hot, but it exuded sin and scandal. But the opportunity to manage a major account like Royal Courts Resort & Casino was too good to pass up. The resort was a new account for Holstein & Levy, her PR firm, and she didn’t want the executives at her agency to regret promoting her. As the new publicist on the account, her clients had insisted she stay in their luxurious establishment and Gina was happy to oblige. She would just have to suck it up and endure hell for a week. And in this scorching summer heat, that’s exactly what it felt like. Hell.

The cab ride was shorter than she expected. When she arrived at Royal Courts, she was awestruck by the grand structure that loomed before her. Its majestic towers and tall pavilions reminded her of a palace. The resort’s emblem, an elegant gold crown, gleamed at the top of the building like a crest.

Inside was just as impressive. The marble floors gleamed against the striking gold and black-trimmed walls. The vibrant colors of the décor, an array of blues, greens, and reds, added to the resort’s splendor.

When she reached the reservation desk, she was greeted by polite and courteous staff. Once she received her key cards, Gina relinquished her single rollaway bag to the waiting attendant and followed him to her room. He continued with a scripted list of the resort’s amenities and she responded politely. Any other day, she wouldn’t have minded the chatter but her lack of sleep the night before was catching up with her and right now all she wanted to do was rest. And be alone with her thoughts.

The dull ache in her head returned and began to throb in her temples.

Once they reached her room, Gina tipped the man and all but shoved him out. Standing in the center of the large room, she wasn’t surprised at how immaculate it was. Royal Courts strived for luxury and it showed from the lavish, king size bed to the plush carpet. It was as if she had just left the outside world—and everyone in it—behind and was in her own private oasis.

Gina kicked off her shoes and slipped out of her skirt and blouse. Wearing only her pink silk bra and panties, she crawled into the cool, king size bed and melted into the mattress.

She would sleep off her headache, then check her emails and prep for her long day tomorrow. Gina wasn’t sure what the exact agenda was for the week. All she’d been told was that there would be a series of workshops and brainstorming sessions. She would have a week by herself to enjoy the resort’s many comforts—away from Gabe and his lies.

Her last thought before she drifted off to sleep was of Gabe and the way her body would melt against him after they’d made love.

****

On the top floor of the Royal Courts’ north tower, Gabe paced the large executive office. His mind was completely preoccupied but not with the discussion at hand. Instead, his thoughts were of Gina and the fact that she was ignoring his calls. It wasn’t like her not to return his messages. She was flying in today, and he had wanted to talk to her before she arrived at the resort and wondered at his presence here. He should have had this conversation with her months ago, but he hadn’t wanted to ruin things between them.

Gabe was vaguely aware of a pair of cool gray eyes following him from one side of the office to the other. He realized his business partner and close friend, Dave Carrone, had stopped talking.

“Do you want to tell me what—or who—has you off your game today?” Dave drawled, lounging behind his large mahogany desk.

Gabe stopped and shot his friend a hard glare, which usually intimidated people, but not Dave.

“I’m with you,” Gabe snapped, falling into the nearest seat. “Now what are we going to do about this security issue?”

“I just spent the last twenty minutes offering some solutions.” Dave blew out a loud breath. “Apparently I was talking to myself.”

Gabe scanned his brain for the remnants of their conversation and latched on to the last thing he remembered. “You really think hiring a new chief of security will solve the problem?”

Dave shrugged. “It’s worth a shot. And I’ve already hired him.”

Gabe cocked a brow. “And when were you planning to tell me this?”

Dave sighed again. “I did. Ten minutes ago.”

“How can you be sure we can trust this guy?” They had just spent the last six months cleaning house and couldn’t afford to bring in another crooked security chief to destroy what they’d worked so hard to build.

“Trust me,” Dave said coolly, “he’s been well vetted.”

Gabe would have to take Dave’s word for it. When it came to the resort, Dave took care of the inside and Gabe was responsible for bringing in business from the outside. They didn’t like the idea of betting it all, so instead of putting everything they had into their three-year-old enterprise, they invested in various business ventures. And that required Gabe to travel—a lot. Dave knew more of what was happening at the resort and since he trusted this new guy, Gabe would just have to trust his friend’s judgment that this guy was legit.

“Now it’s your turn to talk,” Dave said casually.

“There’s nothing to—”

“Is this about your new plaything in Boston?” Dave interrupted.

Dave laughed at his silence and Gabe wanted to punch the smug look from his friend’s face.

“She’s not my ‘plaything’,” Gabe growled. Gina was his future. But Gabe kept that thought to himself. He didn’t like his friend analyzing what he and Gina shared.

Not that Dave hadn’t suspected something. Ever since he’d met Gina, Gabe had been increasingly dividing his time between Vegas and Boston, and eventually he decided to rent out an apartment there. At first Gabe had brushed it off as a necessity, for comfort and convenience, but he knew the truth. And so did Dave.

“Okay, relax man,” Dave said, throwing his hands up in defeat. “I just haven’t seen you act like this over a chick. Not even with Meredith.”

Gabe tensed at the mention of his soon-to-be ex-wife. He didn’t want to think about the woman who’d made his life hell for the last three years. He had lost a lot of trust in women after Meredith. Then he’d met Gina and it was as if she’d been created for him.

But Gabe didn’t want to go there. And he needed this conversation to end. Now.

Dave wouldn’t comply.

“You had her put on the account so she could travel here at your whim. Now you’re acting like a man who’s lost his favorite toy.”

Before Gabe could let his friend know, in colorful terms, what he thought of his opinion, a short knock came at the door.

“Yeah,” Dave called out.

Dave’s new assistant, Judith Bell, walked into the room and handed Gabe a small, folded paper. “This message just came for you. It’s from the hotel manager.”

Gabe took the note from her and quickly scanned its contents. His heart began to pound. She’s here.

He thought about the email that he’d sent to Gina that morning. It had been his final attempt to get in touch with her. He had wanted to let her know that he was more than just the financial consultant he’d led her to believe. But now he regretted writing it. It would have been best to tell her everything in person.

“Thanks, Judith,” Gabe said, coming to his feet and stuffing the note in his pocket. When she left the office, Gabe turned back to his friend.

“I’m guessing your girlfriend’s here?” Dave asked.

Gabe’s eyes flared. “Are you keeping tabs on her now?”

Dave laughed. “No. Just the way you perked up was a dead giveaway.”

Gabe ignored him and started toward the door. “I’m outta here. We’ll talk later.”

“I hope you don’t mind that I had a welcome gift sent to her room,” Dave called after him.

Gabe stopped and frowned back at his friend, a notorious ladies’ man. “I do mind,” he growled. “Stay away from her.”

He left, slamming the door behind him. Dave’s loud laughter trailed after him.





Chapter Two



The incessant pounding on the door jolted Gina awake. A quick glance at the clock showed that she’d been asleep for only an hour. It felt like even less than that. She was groggy and disoriented and mentally kicked herself for not hanging the “Do Not Disturb” sign outside the door.

The pounding continued and Gina jumped out of the large bed. She rushed to the door, still disoriented. The cool air of the hotel room washed over her bare skin and she realized she was about to answer the door in her underwear. She stopped by the closet and grabbed the pale yellow robe hanging inside. As she belted the sash, the pounding grew louder.

“Coming!” she shouted. There had better be a fire.

Gina swung the door open. Her heart skipped then dropped. She was now fully awake but words escaped her as she tried to sort through her shock. What the hell was he doing here?

Gabe stepped inside, forcing her further back into the room, and shut the heavy door behind him. He appeared a bit disheveled, a shadow of a beard forming on his hard, square jaw. His dusky green eyes held a glint of frustration and…relief?

Despite her conflicting emotions, her body ached for him in a way that left no room for shame. Gina shook her head, disgusted with herself. Only a female dog in heat would react this way after the lies he’d fed her.

After long moment, she finally broke the strained silence. “Why are you here?”

He towered over her. “Why aren’t you returning my calls?”

Arrogance was one thing Gabe was never short of.

“I’m sorry,” she snapped. “I thought I made it quite obvious that I didn’t want to talk to you.”

Gabe clenched his jaw. “Look,” he began, running a hand through his dark, wavy hair, “if this is about my email, I’m sorry you had to find out like that. I should have told you in person but nothing has to change between us.”

A thousand thoughts crossed Gina’s mind but she couldn’t focus on any of them. She was too stunned. Did he expect to just keep his wife tucked away somewhere while he continued to see her?

Anger and hurt took control and before she could stop herself, she slapped him across the face. Her hand stung but he barely flinched.

“You disgust me,” she spat. “Get out.”

The surprised fury in his eyes should have alarmed her but she was beyond rational thought. “I said get out!” she shrieked, pushing and pounding on his chest.

He effortlessly grabbed her thrashing arms and gave her a hard shake. “What the hell’s the matter with you?” he shouted.

Gina tried to pull away from him but he held her fast. She jerked her arms wildly, kicking and clawing, trying to get him to release her.

She didn’t realize he’d lifted her until she went flying across the bed. He immediately landed on top of her, trapping her beneath him.

Intense fury overwhelmed her and she sucked in enough air to let out a shrill scream. He clamped his hand over her mouth. His angry face hovered only inches from hers.

“I don’t know what’s gotten into you, but you need to calm down. Now.”

Gina saw red. Calm down? How dare he! Rage coursed through her and with one violent jerk, she tried to throw him off her.

He barely budged.

Gina collapsed on the bed, losing the energy to continue fighting him. It was no contest. He was much larger and stronger. He frowned down at her and she glared up at him through unshed tears.

His heavy, muscular body covered her all over. She could feel the hard length of his erection pressing against her thigh and her breath hitched. Her body betrayed her as soft tingles began to course through her. She needed him, needed the mind-altering pleasure only he could give her.

He must have sensed her response because his eyelids lowered and his frown gave way to a stormy desire. He moved his hand from her mouth and trailed it down her neck. He shifted and ran his hand over her breast and with excruciating care, opened the robe. She inhaled sharply but said nothing, letting herself get swept away by pleasure.

Everything in her screamed that she should push him away and demand that he leave. But she wanted this, wanted him. The realization of her weakness for him filled her with resentment but still she couldn’t turn away.

He stared down at her, pushing aside one cup of her bra and exposing a full, brown breast and budded nipple. For a moment, she lost herself in the deep hunger of his dark green eyes. Then he lowered his head and brought his lips over hers, kissing her tenderly as he gently rubbed his thumb over her nipple. Sweet, sharp currents coursed through her. His lips moved delicately over hers until he broke contact and brought his warm mouth over her aching breast.

Gina whimpered as his tongue passed over her inflamed nipple, and she instinctively clutched at his hair. His teeth grazed over her taut nipple then bit down gently. She gasped then moaned long and deep from the sharp pleasure.

She pulled his head down for another long, passionate kiss. Gabe took the lead, sliding his tongue against hers as he tugged down her panties. His desire fueled her own and she jerked at his smooth, ivory shirt, wanting to feel his heated skin against hers. He reared up and removed the shirt, revealing his muscular chest and sinewy arms. She loved the way the faint dark hairs peppered his chest and trailed down to his navel.

He quickly removed the rest of his clothes and came back down to her, moving his lips down her neck and sucking strongly at a tender spot. Gina raked her nails against his bare shoulders, unable to hold back the soft groan that escaped her. Wild, searing desire flowed between her legs as his urgent fingers pulled her thighs apart and spread her wide. She was ready and impatient for him.

Gabe brought his lips down to hers again, thrusting his tongue into her mouth as he slid a bold finger into her. She gasped at the delicious sensation of being filled and pushed her body up against his teasing hand. Her inner muscles clamped down around his taunting finger as he slid it in and out of her, until she couldn’t stand it any longer.

“Do you want me inside you?” he asked huskily against her mouth as he gently rubbed her swollen clit.

Gina jerked her head up and down, unable to speak.

“Tell me,” he urged.

“Please,” she whimpered and reached down between their bodies. She grabbed his hard length, wrenching a deep groan from him, and began squeezing and stroking him eagerly. With a loud grunt, Gabe pulled her hand away and swiftly mounted her.

Lifting her right leg over his shoulder, he reached down and guided himself into her. Gina cried out as he drove in deep. She bit her lower lip as pleasure and pain surged through her. He murmured something but she was focused on the pleasant ache building inside her.

He began pumping into her fiercely, driving a deep moan from her with every thrust. He pushed into her harder, faster and she gasped as the pulsing ache inside her grew stronger. She ran her hands over his broad shoulders and down his hard chest. His rough breathing and the damp heat radiating from his body excited her.

Soft, sharp gasps escaped her as he moved with force and power over her. Finally she shattered, her scream of release echoing through the room. In a distant corner of her mind, she vaguely heard his groan of release before he came crashing down into her awaiting arms.





Chapter Three



Gabe ran his hand over her lush hips and up to the dip of her waist. Her smooth back pressed softly against his chest and he could feel the small shivers that coursed through her. His own heart still thudded heavily in his chest as they lay in the silent aftermath of their fierce lovemaking.

He leaned over and placed light kisses on her shoulder and up along the back of her neck. He couldn’t get enough of her. But her shivers intensified until she began to tremble, and he gathered her close.

“Are you cold?” he whispered into her ear.

She shook her head but the trembling continued. Gabe frowned. Something was wrong. He turned her on her back and stared down at her in the dim light of the hotel room.

The tears running down her cheeks alarmed him. She had only cried once after their lovemaking. It had been their first night together, when he’d taken her virginity. And he had hoped to never see her cry in bed again.

He brushed his thumb across her damp cheek. “Why the tears?”

She just stared up at him with those beautiful doe eyes of hers. For a moment, he thought she wouldn’t answer him. Finally, she whispered brokenly, “Why didn’t you tell me about your wife?”

That took him off guard. Of all the things for her to say, he hadn’t expected that. As far as he—and everyone else—was concerned, he hadn’t been married for three years.

“Who told you that?”

She tensed beneath him and shot him such a scornful look, he felt like a sleazy bastard. That irritated him.

“You’re not even going to deny it?” she snapped.

“I asked you a question,” he reminded her patiently.

Fire blazed in her dark brown eyes and she tried to rise up, but he used his strength to keep her right where she belonged.

“Let me up.”

“No.”

“I promise,” she said through clenched teeth, “I will scream.”

He shrugged. “Go for it,” he drawled. “No one will hear you.” Only their more notable guests and select personnel were allowed to stay on the top floor, which made it a very private area. The chances of anyone hearing them were very slim. Besides, the sturdy walls made the rooms virtually soundproof.

She narrowed her eyes at him. “Don’t test me.”

He gave her a crooked grin in return. “Go for it. They’ll just think I’m giving you another mind blowing orgasm.”

The way her eyes flared, he was lucky she didn’t know that she was staying in the suite he often reserved for himself. He could have easily gotten into the room without her but the last thing he wanted was to send her running from him—something that could soon become a reality with the vicious glare she was leveling him with.

Gabe sighed, losing his lightheartedness. They needed to clear this up so he could get back to holding and kissing her. “Look baby, I—”

“Don’t call me that,” she snapped. “I’m not your ‘baby’, you lying, cheating son-of-a—”

Exasperated, Gabe cut her off with a hard kiss on her full lips then he clamped a hand over her mouth.

Only inches from her face, he began, “I don’t know who filled your head with that lie, but I’m not married. Not technically anyway,” he added. “Meredith and I have been over for a long time now. And once this divorce is final, trust me, you’re going to be mine in every sense of the word.”

She looked up at him, stunned, and for the first time that night, she didn’t fight him.

He waited a little before removing his hand from her mouth. She immediately started in on the questions but fortunately for him her boiling anger seemed to have simmered.

“Why didn’t you tell me this from the beginning? How long have you been separated?” She took a deep breath. “And who sent me that email yesterday?”

Gabe focused on the last thing she said. “What email?”

She quickly told him about the email she’d received yesterday from him, including the photo that came attached with it.

“Show me,” he said curtly, too angry at the thought of his personal information being hacked into to keep the gruffness from his tone. She made no mention of the email he’d sent that morning and despite his annoyance of having his privacy violated, he was slightly relieved. This way he could tell her everything in person. Later.

Gina scrambled out of the bed and grabbed her laptop. For a moment, he forgot about everything else and admired her beautifully naked body. Her smooth brown skin gleamed in the dim light and her dark curls were wild on her head. Just looking at her got him hard again.

But when she pulled up the email and photo, he refocused. Then let out a low curse. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Staring back at him was an old photo of him and Meredith, in their happier days. The photo had been digitally enhanced and altered. Whoever had sent this had gone to a lot of effort to make it appear as if the photo was taken a little less than a year ago. And that he had sent it.

Right now, he was looking, by all accounts, like a happily married man—and all kinds of guilty. No wonder Gina wanted nothing to do with him.

“Why would she send this if you guys are getting a divorce?”

Gabe looked up from the screen and the hurt and confusion on her face upset him. Because she wants to make my life hell. “I don’t know,” he muttered. “But believe me, I’m going to find out.”

The uncertainty on her face bothered him. He reached for her but she quickly drew back, taking him by surprise. She had never pulled away from him before. With a growl, he shoved the laptop aside and grabbed her before she could move. He pulled her onto his lap and held her tightly. She sat rigidly against his chest, silent.

“I’m going to ask you to have a little more faith in me,” he said gruffly. “That picture was taken years ago. Way before I met you.”

She remained quiet. But her body lost its rigidity and she relaxed against him. He kissed her lightly on her shoulder then the back of her neck. She shivered.

“Do you trust me?” he asked.

She turned to face him and looked at him searchingly. “Yes,” she whispered.

He nodded, relieved at the conviction on her face. “Good. I promise you, Meredith and I are over. You’re the only girl in my life.”

She leaned her forehead against his and smiled. “I better be,” she whispered.

He tightened his arms around her. “You are. Now…can I get a kiss?”

Her smile slowly widened then she leaned over and gave him the sweetest kiss. Before she could pull away, he brought his hand up behind her head and deepened the kiss.

Now would have been a good time for him to come clean about everything else but when she looped her arms around his neck, his heart thudded heavily in his chest and he lost his train of thought. The feel of her naked warmth aroused him as nothing else could. He smoothed his hand over her legs, slowly making his way up to the warm juncture between her thighs. She parted her legs ever so slightly and just when he was about to explore her warmth, a muffled beeping came from the floor.

It was his cell phone trapped in his pants pocket. He groaned.

“Ignore it,” she whispered, trailing light kisses across his jaw.

He groaned again. “I can’t.” That phone only rang when there was an emergency.

“Yeah, you can.” She grabbed his hardened length and caressed him in fevered strokes, placing soft, wet kisses across his face and ear.

He let out a sharp groan, feeling the familiar tingling in his groin. Whatever it was would have to wait. He grabbed her hand, ending the sweet torment and she let out a naughty laugh.

He tossed her on her back, settled himself between her soft thighs, and plunged deep into her. He shuddered when he was once again rooted in her snug, heated passage. With a harsh groan, he drove into her with excruciating tenderness, savoring the feel of her around his hot, hard shaft. Her gasps and moans mingled with his rugged breathing and in that moment, he forgot about everything—and everyone—but her.





Chapter Four



Gina stretched under the heavy covers, running her hand over the spot where Gabe had slept. The cool sheets beneath her palm said he’d been gone for some time. A pang of disappointment came over her when she realized his hard, warm body wasn’t lying next her. She vaguely remembered his slow, lingering kiss on her lips before he’d left. She’d been too tired to ask questions, but he had promised to be back soon.

She sighed. He’d have tonight to make it up to her.

Glancing at the clock, she groaned and fell back against the pillows. It was very early in the morning and though she wanted nothing more than to continue lying in bed, she needed to get up and get ready for her long day of meetings. After a slow stretch, she left the comfort of the bed and realized her body ached in places it hadn’t in a while.

She smiled as she went on with her morning routine, thinking of her night with Gabe. Yet the more she thought about what he’d told her last night, the harder it was for her to hold on to her happiness.

Gina ran the flat iron over her curls, distracted by the many questions Gabe had left unanswered. Why hadn’t he told her he was going to be here?

Though Gabe never really spoke to her about his work or the cities he tended to travel to, he had known she would be in Vegas this week. He had to have known their travel dates would sync up…

Then she laughed and shook her head, involuntarily jerking her hair on the hot flat iron. She needed to stop being paranoid. Maybe if she had answered one of his calls, he would have told her. He had come to her and asked her to trust him. So she would.

Gina pushed the sabotaging thoughts aside and finished dressing in a dark gray pencil skirt and silk green, cap-sleeved blouse. She was ready to impress her new clients.

Since there was still plenty of time before her first meeting, she decided to head to one of the restaurants downstairs for an early breakfast and to get some work done. She wasn’t sure when Gabe would be back, so she went to the desk near the window and wrote him a brief note. As she searched for a notepad, she noticed the beautiful pink lilies placed in a slim vase on the center of the desk. They were hard to miss yet she couldn’t remember seeing them when she’d first entered the room. Then again, her mind had been on overload yesterday afternoon.

The notecard in front of the vase sent a small jolt of delight through her. Gabe had never given her flowers before. Had he left these for her? She grabbed the note but her happiness faded when she read the name on the card. It wasn’t from Gabe.

Gina pushed her disappointment aside and left a brief note for him. As she headed out of the room, she kept reminding herself that he had come to her last night and that was all that mattered.

***

“Whoever this is really has a hard on for Ms. Conners.”

Gabe was seething inside. He said nothing as he stared at the information the new chief of security, Carlos Moreno, had gathered from the flash drive found in his office. The office had been ransacked while he’d been comfortably in bed with his warm, sexy, sleeping beauty.

Gabe was not happy.

And he was especially not happy to find that, because of him, someone was stalking Gina. There was a ton of information on her. Regina Elizabeth Conners. Only daughter of Alfred and Maxine Conners. Graduate of Boston University. Currently employed at Holstein & Levy PR firm.

That was just the beginning. The report was comprehensive and thorough. But what Gabe couldn’t understand was what this person had planned to do—or gain—with this information.

“Do you really think Meredith is behind this?” Dave asked, looking wearier then he had two hours ago.

Gabe nodded. He’d told the men about the email Gina had received from his old account. It was safe to assume that whoever had broken into his office tonight had also sent that message to Gina, and his soon-to-be-ex was the only person he could think of that would be interested in who he was seeing. Not that she wanted to save their marriage, but she certainly didn’t want to see him happy. Especially when he refused to give her a dime over what he agreed to settle on. She had made her resentment very clear by dragging out their divorce proceedings. Gabe refused to budge. And now, he’d have to hold off on taking any legal action until they could prove she was behind all this.

Gave ran a hand through his hair. They had spent the last few hours sorting through surveillance footage to see if they could catch the perpetrator but with no luck. All they had was a small flash drive containing very private information.

Gabe turned to Moreno. “Can you pull prints from the flash drive?”

“I can try,” Moreno said with a shrug. “My cousin’s an ex-cop and owes me a favor. I’ll see what he can find.”

“Okay but let’s keep this under wraps,” Gabe said. “We don’t need it getting out that Royal Courts is having security issues.”

“I’m a professional,” Moreno said, his dark eyes unwavering. “I know how to do my job. And I’m good at it.”

“Look, you were put on the payroll five minutes ago,” Gabe snapped. “I don’t know you. So all I’m saying is that we need to cover our ass.”

“I’m not a newb,” Moreno said coolly. “And just because you’re paying me, doesn’t make me your bitch.”

“Okay boys, put it away,” Dave cut in. “If you two are done, I’d like to get this over with. Now we need to increase surveillance on this floor. And we need to replace the locks and maybe add a guard or two outside the office after hours.”

“We should also change all the computer and access passwords,” Gabe added. “I doubt this guy was here just to drop that off.” He nodded toward the silver and red flash drive.

Until they knew what was going on, they had to assume their financial records had been accessed. And they couldn’t rule out that their pass codes may have been compromised.

Dave agreed. “Good point, though I usually carry my laptop with me.”

Gabe picked up on the pointed message but didn’t say anything. He rarely left his computer in the office but today had been an exception. But his negligence had almost cost the casino a fortune. Only a handful of people had access to the casino’s important files and financial information and he was one of them. Luckily his laptop had locked down, blocking anyone from cracking into it. At least their computer security was topnotch. But now he would have to spend hours in the dark tech room, getting it backed up.

“Who’s working in the Lab tonight?” Gabe asked.

“I’ll have to find out,” Moreno said. “Why?”

“I’d like to get my laptop cleaned and see how much damage has been done.”

“Moreno can take it in for you,” Dave offered.

Moreno cocked a brow at him expectantly. The offer was tempting since he wanted nothing more than to be back in bed with Gina, but Gabe shook his head. Though Dave might trust Moreno, Gabe had only just met the man. He preferred to see this through himself.

“I can manage,” Gabe finally said. Moreno may be nothing like Jeffrey Bates, their last chief of security who had gotten the casino tied into a money laundering scheme with the Provenzano crime family, but Gabe couldn’t be sure. Their casino was young and it took humiliating to have federal agents storm through their floors. That had forced them to see how vulnerable they were when it came down to bringing in the right people. And a young establishment with weak security was easy pickings.

Dave shrugged. “Suit yourself. Just be sure to have Sam work on it. She’s quick and thorough.”

A few minutes later, Moreno led Gabe to the recently moved Security and Information Compound, also known as the Lab. It was apparent Moreno had been busy making changes in the department. Gabe walked pass the wall of surveillance screens and into the dimly lit back room where three still bodies sat in front of large monitors. He walked over to the pixie haired blonde with the large, dark-rimmed glasses. She looked up and smiled as he approached her.

“Hey, stud. Long time no see.”

“Nice to see you too, Sam.”

Five hours later, Gabe blinked the fatigue from his eyes. His laptop was backed up but barely functional. During the time it had taken Sam to get through the firewalls, they had discovered that a very sophisticated, very dangerous virus had been placed on his laptop. One that had managed to track all of his entries and passwords. He knew now how the person had managed to hacked into his email account, but he didn’t know how far the damage went. He would have to put in a call with the bank tomorrow. If Meredith was involved in this, he needed to be especially careful.

As he suspected, the computer was too risky to continue using so Sam set him up with a temp.

Gabe headed back to the hotel suite where he had left Gina. He was eager to get to her and hold her. It had been a long night, which was fast becoming morning. Through the small window at the end of the hall, he could see the gray light of dawn emerging.

Gabe entered the room with his key. He wasn’t going to pretend with her anymore. He needed to tell her the full truth about himself or risk her finding out about him later today, in front of strangers, with no chance of him being able to explain.

But she was already gone, her luggage open and in disarray, her clothes strewn across the bed. He found her note on the desk and smiled when he read it.

Will be in meetings all day. Miss me while I’m gone.

She signed off with a smiley face and “Love, Gina”. But he quickly lost his smile. He had a very long day ahead of him.





Chapter Five



“We’re glad to have you with us this week, Ms. Conners,” the very attractive black woman greeted her. “How was your trip?”

Gina read the name etched on the glass plate on the desk and immediately recognized the woman seated behind the large desk. “It was nice, thanks, Judith. And it’s nice to finally put a face to the emails.” Judith Bell was the executive assistant who had been graciously coordinating her trip to the resort.

Judith led her to a large conference room, with wide windows that looked out to another tall building. “You’re a bit early but everyone will be meeting in here today. Also, breakfast should be arriving shortly.”

Gina settled in a spot at the far end of the long conference table. “I’ve already eaten but let me know if you need help setting up.”

Judith gave her a polite smile but her eyes said she would never let that happen. She quietly left the room and Gina waited for more people to arrive.

During her wait, a small uniformed crew of three came in and quickly set up the breakfast bar, with Judith popping in to manage and direct. Minutes later, Gina finally met the Marketing Director.

“Gina?”

She looked up to see a tall blonde walking around the table toward her. “I’m Allison Rhodes, the senior marketer here at Royal Courts.”

Gina greeted the older woman, taking her outstretched hand. One thing she noticed about Royal Courts: they certainly had a good-looking staff. It seemed like everywhere she turned there was someone who could have started a modeling career.

“We’re excited to be bringing back some positive buzz for the resort.”

“It won’t be hard,” Gina offered. “Royal Courts is an impressive place.”

“It is, isn’t it?” Allison said, without conceit. “Now we just need to let the public know that.” She looked at her cell phone. “Before everyone else shows up, I was hoping we could take this time to debrief, so to speak.”

“Yes, of course.”

“I’m sure you heard about the…situation that surrounded the casino earlier this year,” Allison started.

Gina was definitely aware of the scandal and rumors that had surrounded the casino and its CEO. It had made national news for weeks, which had ultimately forced them to look into professional help. Her firm had a reputation for crisis management and Royal Courts had ultimately sought them out. In Gina’s opinion, they should have enlisted their help months ago but the damage was already done. It was time for a resurgence.

“Yes, when we took on the account, we researched to see how much damage had been done and how we could work past it.”

Allison looked impressed. “Glad to hear you’ve done your homework. Saves us a lot of time. And despite what you’ve read, I can assure you, Royal Courts does not have affiliations with any organized crime groups.”

“Of course not,” Gina dutifully agreed. Not that she would have gotten the full truth from anyone at Royal Courts anyway. Even the media hadn’t been able to get any inside dirt. It was as if everyone had sworn their loyalty to the resort. Or had nothing to report. Either way, it wasn’t Gina’s concern. She wasn’t a judge or a journalist. Her job was to make her client look good in the public’s eye.

“Our resort is young,” Allison said, “and now with this ugly scandal behind us, we need to reestablish ourselves as a chic and modern luxury resort with all the amenities Vegas has to offer.”

Gina smiled. “We can make that happen.”

They spent the next half hour discussing strategies and the current marketing plan’s strengths and weaknesses. At the end of it, Gina had a good understanding of where the resort stood within the crowded Vegas entertainment market.

Eventually other members of the marketing team arrived and introductions were made. As more bodies began to pile into the conference room, and beeline toward the breakfast bar, the space seemed to get smaller.

Gina didn’t notice the unusual hush in the room until she looked up and found a tall, dark, and very attractive man in a well-tailored suit walking toward her. He called out greetings to some people as he passed but continued making his way toward her. From the reaction of the group, and the way he sauntered toward her, Gina surmised that he must be very important. Unsure of what to do, she simply smiled at him and waited for him to get to approach.

“Ms. Conners, I’m glad we’ve finally gotten a chance to meet. I hope you found the flowers to your liking.”

Gina took the hand he extended as she tried to find her voice. She hadn’t expected the owner and CEO of Royal Courts to be so young—or good-looking.

“Yes, I did, thank you Mr. Carrone. Lilies are my favorite.” Calla lilies were more her thing but she kept that to herself. A man had given her flowers and that was enough for her to believe chivalry had a little bit of life left in it. The flowers just hadn’t come from the man she had wanted them to be from.

“Please, call me Dave,” he said, his brilliant gray eyes sparkling.

Gina held her smile but extracted her hand from his grasp. From the look on his face, he found the action amusing. She ignored it. He may be attractive but her heart already belonged to another. And though Dave Carrone seemed pleasant enough, he exuded an aura of danger that left her uneasy.

“Unfortunately, I can’t stay for today’s meeting,” he continued. “But I wanted to come down and personally welcome you to Royal Courts.”

“Thank you,” Gina said. “Everyone has been very welcoming.”

“As they should be. You’re a guest here so don’t hesitate to contact me or Judith if you need anything.”

When he finally left the room, everyone visibly relaxed—herself included. She began to wonder if there was some truth to the rumors about his connections to the Italian mob.

When the series of meetings and workshops began, Gina started to feel the strain of sitting in a closed room for so long. The short, sporadic breaks throughout the day were not enough to ease her agitation. Even for lunch, they remained in the same room as food trays were carted in.

Late in the afternoon, they were finally given a small reprieve, thanks to a technical glitch. With the meeting at a standstill, they were allowed an extended break.

Gina took advantage. She hurried out of the room before anyone could stop her for a chat. She had to admit she was a bit overwhelmed by it all. This new role would certainly prove to be a challenge for her.

She made her way down the hall, far from the conference room and found a quiet spot. With a soft sigh, she relaxed down on a large, cushioned bench. Having been in a crowded room for hours, the solitude was exactly what she needed. Resting her head against the wall, Gina closed her eyes and inhaled deeply.

Suddenly the air shifted and she was no longer alone. Blinking her eyes open, she was surprised to find Gabe looming over her. Her heart skipped at the sight of him.

“Hey there, beautiful,” he said with a sexy grin. “I was just about to kiss you awake.”

“You still can,” she said in a low whisper.

“Hmm, don’t give me any ideas,” he whispered back, his green eyes blazing with suppressed need.

Gina laughed to cover her growing desire. “What are you doing here?”

He cocked a brow. “I should ask you the same thing. I assumed you would be locked in a conference room somewhere.”

“I was. All day. But I couldn’t take it anymore so I decided to run away.”

His eyes flashed. “But not from me,” he growled. “Come here.” He pulled her from her seat and held her to him.

The heat of his arms around her caused her body to tingle. The hallway was deserted so she happily slid her arms around him. He brushed light kisses across her lips. “I missed you,” he said.

She sighed. “I missed you too.”

Trailing feather-light kisses down her neck, he whispered, “Let’s go find some privacy.”

Gina pulled away from him, laughing. “There’s no one here.”

He looked around and shook his head. “For what I have in mind, this won’t do.”

The look in his eyes was one she was very familiar with—it was the look he got when he wanted to be inside her—and she went warm all over. He can’t be serious. Laughing nervously, she tried to wrestle her hand from his tight grip. “I can’t. I have to get back in a few minutes.”

His eyes darkened and he wasn’t smiling. She shivered.

“I won’t be long,” he said hoarsely. He dragged her into a large office, through a side door, and into a private washroom decorated in dark granite.

Before she could protest, he hoisted up her skirt and lifted her onto the granite sink. She gasped as the cool surface shocked her heated skin. He moved to stand between her thighs, spreading them wide. Gina sensed his urgency and it became her own. She reached between their bodies and undid his belt, fumbling with the buckle.

As she struggled with his belt, he slid his hands over her thighs and up to her hips. When he reached her panties, he grunted and tugged hard.

“Don’t,” she whispered frantically. But it was too late. The telltale sound of fabric ripping was loud in the small room.

“I’ll buy you another one,” he said gruffly against her hair. Then he spread her legs wide and with one swift motion, plunged deep inside her.

Gina arched against him with a sharp gasp. He slanted his mouth over hers, drinking in her soft gasps of pleasure. She held onto him, wrapping her legs around his hips as he hammered into her.

Her soft moans and his harsh groans filled the quiet room as intense pleasure took over. A sharp pressure built in her loins as electric currents coursed through her and she gasped with every in stroke. He gripped the lush curves of her hips, holding her as he drove into her soft, wet core. The pressure grew unbearable and after a few heavy thrusts, she convulsed around him, lost in the rapture that burst within her.

Gabe buried his head in the crook of her neck as a loud groan erupted from him. He lay heavily against her and she held him, trailing kisses along his jaw, running her hands down his back and shoulders. For a moment, she wished they were naked so she could feel the heat of his skin against hers.

Then the reality of where they were hit her and she shoved him away.

“Oh my God, I can’t believe we just did that.” She jumped down from the counter, grabbed the edge of the sink to steady her shaky legs and began searching frantically for her torn panties.

“Oh my God, what if someone had walked in on us?” Her face flamed as another horrifying thought came to her. “What if someone heard us?”

“Relax,” Gabe said, adjusting himself.

His causal, unhurried demeanor only fueled her panic. “How can I? This is my client’s office. What if—”

“Don’t worry about it,” he interrupted then handed her a small towel.

She abandoned the search for her missing panties and cleaned herself off. Glancing at the mirror, she was relieved to see she wasn’t a complete walking disaster. But despite all she did to fix herself up, she could still feel the imprint of sex all over her. It was going to be hard to walk back into that conference room as if she hadn’t just had sex.

“I have to go,” she said, flying pass him.

He grabbed her arm. “Wait. There’s something I have to tell you.”

She pulled out of his grasp. “Not now. You’ve already made me late,” she said. “It’ll have to wait.”

She rushed back to the conference room where everyone had already taken their seat. A few people glanced up when she entered the room but most were intensely focused on the interactive presentation displayed before them.

Once in her seat, she was painfully aware that she was not wearing any panties. Her face flushed hot with embarrassment.

Only a couple more hours and she could properly make the walk of shame back to her room.





Chapter Six



Gabe stuffed the torn panties into his pocket and left the washroom. He walked to his desk and fell into his seat, hating the deception and secrets he had created between them. If he could do it all again, he would have told Gina who he was from the beginning.

Though this wouldn’t have been a problem if he had told her everything last night, as he’d planned. But it was too late now. He was scheduled to close out the planning meeting where she’d been holed up all day. In a few minutes, she would know exactly who he was.

Gabe shook his head, annoyed by the situation. He’d had his second chance when he’d found her sitting outside his office completely unguarded, looking fragile, sexy, and downright irresistible. He smiled thinking of how she reminded him so much of the wild roses his mother used to grow—all delicate and vibrant and covered with sharp thorns. But that was part of their allure and as long as the roses were handled with care, the occasional prick was worth it.

Gina was his wild rose. Yet he was failing miserably in his caring of her and their relationship. Now he stood the chance of losing her.

Gabe clenched his hands into fists. No. He wouldn’t let that happen.

A brief knock came at his door and he shoved his brooding thoughts aside. A moment later, Dave poked his head in.

“Hey, do you have a second?”

Gabe waved him in. “Yeah, what’s up?”

Dave walked into the office and took a seat. He appeared on edge. “I think we’re going to have a problem with the Acerra brothers.”

Gabe looked at his friend. “What’s the problem?” From what he’d been told about the brothers, Gabe understood why his friend was on edge where they were concerned. He knew little of the relationship Dave had with the band of brothers but from what Dave had elected to tell him, they had once all been friends.

Dave quickly filled him in. For some reason, the Acerra brothers had got it into their heads that Gabe and Dave had been behind getting their little brother tied to the Provenzano case and thrown in prison. Now the other four Acerra brothers were playing some kind of game but were smart enough to keep their cards real close to the vest.

“Do you want me to handle it?” Gabe asked.

Dave shook his head. “I already have Moreno on it. I just wanted to give you a heads up. It might not be anything but just in case, I want to get ahead of this before it gets out of control.”

Gabe nodded. After the Provenzano bust, they had agreed to be completely transparent with each other when it came to situations involving the business. It had been a dark time in their friendship and they couldn’t afford another incident like that. And from the look on Dave’s face, he knew it too.

“Just let me know if you need me to step in,” Gabe said.

Dave nodded then changed the subject. “So,” Dave drawled. “I’ve finally met Ms. Conners. Lovely woman.”

Gabe shot his friend a hard look. “First flowers, now a personal meet-and-greet. Do I have to break your face for you to get the message?”

Dave threw his head back and let out a shout of laughter. “Man, look at you. You know, you’re pretty when you get all jealous and possessive.”

Exasperated, Gabe sighed and made a point to scratch his nose with his middle finger. Dave laughed louder.

“Why the sudden obsession with my love life?” Gabe asked.

“Are you kidding? With all the shit you give me about my women, it’s about time you fell hard from your arrogant throne.”

“The difference between us,” Gabe said lightly, “is that I don’t toss them out like a used up deck of cards.”

Dave shrugged. “Neither do I. I just like variety.”

It was Gabe’s turn to laugh. “Whatever you say.”

“By the way, I heard about the virus Sam found in your computer. I’m having them check mine now to be on the safe side. But were you able to get in touch with Meredith?”

Gabe quickly sobered up. “Not yet. But this makes me think more than ever that she’s behind this shit.”

Dave shook his head and rose from his seat. “That’s why I avoid the noose, my friend. Less drama.”

Gabe grunted. “Yeah, well it was my own fault for settling. But it should all be over soon. The investigator I hired has enough evidence of her affair to get this divorce over with quick.”

“And then what?”

Gabe smiled. “Then I ask Gina to marry me.”

To his surprise, Dave smiled and nodded approvingly. “Guess I have a tux to go dust off.”

***

Gabe paused outside the conference room door, bracing himself before entering. He immediately scanned the room for Gina but didn’t see her. A few people greeted him as he made his way toward Allison.

“Gabe, we’re just setting you up here,” she said, glancing over to the front of the room where someone from IT was maneuvering wires and equipment.

“That’s fine,” Gabe said, searching the room for Gina.

“I gave everyone a five minute break,” Allison said, watching him as he continued scanning the group. “But we should be ready for you in a few.”

Gabe nodded. He’d let her think his distraction was due to impatience.

After a short wait, Gina finally arrived. Gabe kept his gaze on her as she made her way through the room, smiling and chatting with a few people along the way. If they hadn’t been stuck in a room filled with his employees, he would have dragged her away so they could talk in private. Then he’d make-up for his stupidity by making them both very happy.

“That’s our new PR Manager from Holstein and Levy,” Allison said when she noticed him following Gina’s every move.

Gabe turned back to Allison. The knowing look she gave him was irritating. But his attention was once again pulled away when he realized Gina was staring at him curiously across the large conference table. Her frown of confusion was unnerving but he continued staring intently at her, trying to tell her with his eyes to trust him and that he would explain later.

When it was time for him to address the group, everyone settled in their seats and Gabe began speaking. He was vaguely aware of what he was saying, repeating from memory a presentation he’d given many times before. His gaze frequently traveled to Gina. At one point, Gina leaned toward Allison, who moved forward and whispered something back into her ear. Gina’s head snapped around and she looked at him in disbelief. He forced his gaze away from her and continued his presentation. He could sense her mounting anger but there was nothing he could do about it now.

He avoided looking at her as he continued speaking. Her obvious pain was distraction enough. But when she quietly rose from her seat and left the room, it took everything in him not to go after her.

Gabe ended his presentation shortly after, desperate to get to her. Unfortunately, he was forestalled by questions and small talk. No one would have guessed his mind was far from the conversations. His insides twisted as he thought of the things going through Gina’s mind right now.





Chapter Seven



As soon as Gina entered the suite, she took a quick, thorough shower, washing any trace of Gabe from her body. Her heart hurt but she ignored the pain and focused on the task at hand.

Once she was dressed, she began dumping her things into her suitcase. She would leave Las Vegas tonight, even if she had to pay for the ticket herself. Her firm would most likely fire her for leaving like this but she didn’t care. She would leave before it became public knowledge that she was nothing more than a bedmate for the client. She could practically hear the snickering about her and her recent “promotion”.

Gina blocked out any thoughts of Gabe and concentrated on packing. If she let those memories in, she would crumble.

Suddenly a faint scrape came from the door, followed by a beep. Appalled to see Gabe walking through the door, she couldn’t think of anything to say. She almost demanded he leave her room then realized how foolish she would have sounded. This was his hotel after all.

She turned away from him and began zipping up her small bag. He strode toward her but Gina ignored him.

“Where are you going?” he demanded.

“Home. I can’t be here anymore.”

“Why not?”

Gina looked up at him, incredulous. “Are you serious?” She let out a harsh laugh. “I just found out that most of what I know about you has either been a half-truth or downright lie. Did you expect me to just smile and tell you that I ‘understand,’ that I still ‘trust you’?”

He let out a weary sigh, his face set in hard lines. “I’m sorry. I meant to tell you everything last night. But there were just too many distractions.”

Gina scoffed. “Is that right, Mr. Christiansen? And what about all the other times you spent with me, the times you made—had sex with me? You had eight months to tell me who you were.” She was shouting now and didn’t care.

“Alexander is my name. My middle name. I just couldn’t risk you finding out about me.”

His blunt statement only increased her fury. “Why? Did you think I’d take one look at your name and think dollar signs?”

“It wouldn’t be the first time that’s happened,” he snapped.

Gina flinched, hurt by his brutal honesty. At least now she knew what he thought of her. “And I’m just like the rest of them, right? A gold-digger who’s only good enough to screw and nothing else.”

His face hardened but his voice remained even. “That’s not what I meant. And you know better. I just wanted us to get to know each other without the drama surrounding my divorce and the business.”

“Funny how that all worked out, huh? You know everything about me and I barely know your real name.” She shook her head and turned away from him. “It doesn’t matter anyway. You want to keep your secrets, go ahead. I can’t be here anymore. I can’t be with you anymore.” It broke her heart to say those words.

He stepped toward her. “You’re not leaving me,” he said gruffly.

She ignored the sharp command in his voice. “I’ll speak to my supervisor when I get back to Boston. They should have plenty of talented people that will be able to take over for me.”

He grabbed her arm and pulled her to him. “I don’t want you to go.”

Gina stared up at him helplessly, wanting to pull away, but her love for him got the better of her. “What do you want me to say to that?” she whispered brokenly.

“Say you won’t go.”

“I…I can’t do that. It only works both ways, Gabe. You have to trust me as much as I trust you.”

“I do trust you,” he said softly.

She stared up at him searchingly. “Then why’d you lie to me for so long? It’s like I don’t even know you. You’re not the guy I fell in love with.”

At her words, he closed his eyes for a brief moment. When he opened them, something hot and intense flared in them. “Ask me anything.”

“What?”

“Ask me something. No more lies, no more secrets.”

Gina stared up at him. The look on his face said he was serious. She pulled away from him and sat down on the edge of the bed.

“Okay…” she began hesitantly, but her mind drew a blank. He stood there, tense, waiting patiently. “Who are you?”

“Gabriel Alexander Christiansen,” he said simply. She expected him to say more, but he waited for her to ask him something else.

“Are you really from Arizona?” she finally asked.

He nodded. “Born in Phoenix, raised in Tucson.”

“What about your parents?”

“Dad died ten years ago. My mother’s retired down in Florida. I have a brother, a sister-in-law, and two nieces living in New York.”

Gina took a deep breath and asked him the one thing that had been plaguing her since she found out about his impending divorce. “Do you have any kids?”

His jaw clenched but he answered her without hesitation. “No. But if I did, you would’ve known about them. That’s not something I would have kept from you.”

She nodded, relieved but still hurt that they were reduced to this type of impersonal exchange. She could see from the set of his jaw that he wasn’t enjoying this any more than she was.

“This is stupid,” she murmured, jumping from the bed. She fumbled with her bags, hesitant yet desperate to leave the resort so she could begin putting an end to her pain.

Gabe grabbed her and pulled her toward him. “Yes, it is. But I want to finish this so we can put it behind us and move on.”

She scanned his face. He looked frustrated but determined.

“Do you love me?” She regretted the question as soon as it left her lips. She had wanted him to tell her on his own, without having to ask.

He stared down at her so intently that she dropped her gaze to his chest, unnerved by his silence.

“Yes,” he finally whispered. “Did you really have to ask?”

Gina let out a breath she didn’t realize she’d been holding. “You’ve never told me.”

“You should know.” He cupped her chin and tilted her face up until her eyes met his. “I show you every time we make love.”

“It’s not the same thing,” she whispered. “I want the words.”

He brushed his lips across hers, pulled away, and stared into her eyes. “I love you.”

Gina smiled and wrapped her arms around his waist. “I love you too.”

“Then don’t threaten to walk out on me again.”

“Okay,” she whispered and his hard body relaxed.

He sat on the bed and pulled her onto his lap. Her back pressed against his chest and he rested his hand possessively over her stomach. He nibbled on the back of her neck. Gina shivered.

“We still have a lot more to talk about,” she whispered. They both knew she was referring to his divorce.

He tightened his hold on her. “I know,” he said, trailing his lips along her shoulder. “I’ll tell you whatever you want to know.”

She nodded. “Okay. But first, did you do this?”

“Do what?” he asked.

“Get me here? Get me put on this account?”

When he didn’t respond, Gina pulled away and looked at him searchingly. The uncomfortable look on his face told her what she needed to know.

“I figured something was up,” she grumbled. “Promotions at Holstein and Levy don’t usually happen that fast.”

He sighed. “Would it really be the end of the world if you worked here?”

“No. I just know when I’m in over my head. I mean, I’m good at my job but there are other senior PR managers at my firm who would be a lot better for this and would love the opportunity.”

“Okay. I’ll talk to your boss.”

“No, I’ll talk to them.”

“Fine. How soon can you put in your notice?”

“What?” Gina stared at him, wide-eyed. “I didn’t say anything about quitting!”

Gabe shook his head.

“I like my job and…” Her sentence trailed off as he continued to shake his head.

“You only have two options, beautiful. You can either work here or not work here. But you will be here. I’m not letting you go.”

Gina sighed. “I guess it was too much to hope that you actually lived in Boston.”

“I know, Vegas’ is not your thing, but you’ll like Nevada,” he said giving her a gentle squeeze. “Give it a chance.” Then he added emphatically, “Give us a chance.”

Gina smiled as she absently stroked the nape of his neck. “You’re lucky I love you.”

The intense look in his eyes was replaced by a tenderness she had never seen before and her heart soared with love.

“Yeah,” he whispered, “I am.”



♣



The End





From the Author



Dear reader,

I hope you enjoyed Gabe and Gina’s story. Feel free to contact me or leave a review and let me know what you think. I’d love to hear from you! And I’m looking forward to sharing the other Queen stories with you so be on the lookout for Dave Carrone’s story—and his crafty “queen”— in The Bedpost Queen. It’s going to be a fun read!

And as always, thanks so much for your support!

Lena ♥





About The Author



Lena Hart’s passion for romance novels began when she picked up Amanda Quick’s Seduction. Her love for writing eventually emerged when she wrote two screenplays and a short story in her 8th grade English class. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual interracial romances with a flare of suspense and mystery. She is a Florida native currently living in New York City. When Lena is not writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about Lena, visit www.LenaHartSite.com.





Table of Contents

The Flower Queen

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

From the Author

About The Author





