If It Isn’t Love

Cheris Hodges

Copyright 2011 by Cheris Hodges

Published at Smashwords





Chapter One


If she heard that song on the radio one more time, Ingrid Harrington was going to scream and toss her stereo out of the restaurant. In her mind, Ingrid saw his face and lean body dancing across the stage, his loose locks swinging to the rhythm of the music. She remembered how they’d kissed and how he’d made love to her. The memories of his touch made her body tingle and her mouth water. The thought of his lips pressed against hers and his tongue dancing with hers nearly made her knees buckle. It was a shame what his voice did to her body and soul. Quickly, she snapped the radio off.

“Ingrid, why did you turn the radio off?” Damien Richards, one of her regular customers asked as he bit into a piece of crispy fried chicken. “That song is the bomb and Jay Slade is from here.

“I know that,” she said as she placed a freshly baked apple pie in the display case. “I guess that’s why the radio station plays that stupid song every hour on the hour.”

She shook her head and wiped her sweaty palms on her apron. She’d remembered when Jay wrote Twisted Dreams. She was the one who suggested the chorus for the song. But did she get any credit? No! She’d just been tossed aside like discarded chicken bones.

“You act as if you don’t like Jay,” Damien said with a mouthful of juicy chicken. As he savored the taste of Ingrid’s cooking, she turned the radio on again.

“That was homeboy done good, Jay Slade. And guess what people, he’s coming to town to put on a show where it all began and we’re going to have an exclusive interview with our man Jay when we get back on the other side of the break,” the disc jockey announced excitedly.

Ingrid’s knees buckled again. Jay Slade was in town? As small as Elmore, South Carolina was, she’d run into him and what if he found out the truth that she’d been hiding for more than three years?

“Ingrid, girl, are you all right?” Damien asked when he noticed that all of the color had drained from her round, caramel-colored face. For a moment, it looked as if Ingrid was going to pass out.

She ran her hand over her thighs and took a cleansing deep breath. “Guess I’m a little more tired than I thought,” she covered. “If Yolanda ever gets here, I can take a break.” Even when Yolanda arrived, Ingrid knew that she wasn’t going to feel any better. Just knowing that Jason was back in town had frazzled her senses.

“You do work hard. We were surprised, but happy that you decided to keep this place open after Mr. Louis passed. How is little DeShawn dealing with it?”

“He’s fine, misses his father but my mother and his godmother have been a huge help,” she said, her tongue burning as she spoke the half-truth. Yes, DeShawn was fine, yes, he missed Louis and yes, her family had been a great help, but his father wasn’t dead at all. Ingrid fixed herself a glass of iced tea just as the front door open and the evening waitress, Yolanda Thomas rushed inside.

“Miss Ingrid, I am so sorry that I’m late, but I won tickets to the Jay Slade show. He’s about to be on the radio right now!” Yolanda dashed behind the counter and turned to radio up as loud as it would go. When Ingrid heard Jay’s smooth baritone travel over the airwaves, she nearly dropped her glass of tea.





“What’s up Elmore, I’m home again and I want to celebrate with my people,” Jay Slade said excitedly. What the listeners didn’t know was that he was home for one reason and one reason only, to correct the biggest mistake that he’d ever made -- letting Ingrid Russell go.

Despite the fact that he had a successful career, millions of dollars in the bank and his choice of women, she was all he wanted. Her love and a normal life would make him happier than every number one single in the world. Jay Slade wanted to be Jason Campbell again. He wanted to come to Elmore, head to Soul To The Bone and eat without having a camera and a microphone shoved in his face. He was about to release his final album on his Def Jam contract and he couldn’t be happier. Over the past few months, Jason Campbell, had been building his reputation as a stellar songwriter. Campbell penned Beyoncé’s current hit. He’d even written a comeback song for Michael Jackson. His greatest challenge as a songwriter was working with new artists. Def Jam had teamed him with Megan Kelly, the pop songstress who everyone had dubbed the next big thing. The gossip columns had linked Jay Slade and Megan romantically -- a rumor that the record company did little to quash. If he were the average singer, he’d milk the rumor and probably have an affair with the sexy Megan Kelly, but Jay was trying to get away from that image of him. He wanted something real, something that he and Ingrid had once shared.

“So, Jay, tell us what’s been going on with you and what’s up with you and singer Megan Kelly?” the DJ asked making Jay cringe.

“First, I’m going to say this, I am single as a man can be. Megan and I have been working on her new album. It’s going to be fire and not because I wrote eight songs on it.”

“So, you’re writing for other artists now?”

“Yeah,” he said. “I’ve always liked to put songs together and some of the stuff I write, I can’t sing. Take Beyoncé’s latest, how would those words sound coming out of my mouth? To be honest with you, I need a break from the touring and promoting, but music is still one of my first loves.”

“One of your first loves? What’s another one?” she asked, leaning in to Jay as if he was about to reveal a secret.

“I’m not going to get into that, but I hope I can find what I’m looking for here,” he said.

“And now, we’re going to pay some bills and we’ll be back with more from Jay Slade and a few of his greatest hits.”

Jay took a deep breath as the DJ played a few commercials. Radio interviews were nothing new to him, but knowing—rather hoping—that Ingrid was listening made him choose his words carefully and pray that he didn’t say something more to push her away. He wanted this interview to be over so that he could go out and find Ingrid. The last three years without her had been hard. Even though people thought he was living “the life,” walking down red carpets with ‘it’ girls on his arm; driving cars that people in Elmore had only seen in movies and videos; the one thing he wanted was the woman he’d given up three years ago at the urging of his A/R representative.

“Are you having fun being back at home?” the DJ asked while they were off the air.

Jay ran his fingers through his thick shoulder length, ebony locks. Some people said his locks gave him the look that Eric Benet had when he was at the height of his fame. “I’ve only been here for about three hours,” he said. “But I’m looking forward to relaxing and getting some song writing done while I’m here.”

She nodded as she pressed some buttons on the computer to set up the next song. “Didn’t you take your old girlfriend with you when you left in the beginning?” she asked. “Are you going to look her up while you’re here?”

“Off the record?” he asked.

“Sure.”

“She’s the entire reason why I’m here.”

“Wow,” she replied. “She must be a hell of a woman.”

Jay smiled and said silently, She is.

“Back with Jay Slade on the number one hit music station. Jay Slade, you’ve been working with other artists and writing hits, but what’s new for you?”

Jay cleared his throat. “I’m doing an album of covers; some of my favorite songs that I listened to growing up in Elmore. The title of the CD is If It Isn’t Love. That’s one of my favorite songs ever and it’s really special to me.”





Ingrid marched out of the restaurant, unable to listen to another word coming out of Jason’s mouth. That New Edition song had been their song. He’d sing that song to her, changing the words telling her that he’d never leave her. But that’s just what he did, she thought bitterly. He left me for the fame and fortune. The day in New York, when things started going badly, was burned into her subconscious and haunted her.

Jason had just started his promotional tour for his first album and the record company had put them up in the Marriott Marquis because his first performance would be in Times Square. Ingrid had walked into the room and her mouth dropped. It was luxurious and bigger than her mother’s house in Elmore.

“I can’t believe this,” she’d said excitedly as Jason encircled her waist. “This is a palace.”

“And this is only the beginning,” he’d said. “People are going to love my music and we’re going to be staying in places like this all the time. Then we’re going to get our own house and it’s going to make this place look like a shack in the woods.”

Ingrid had leaned against him and they swayed back and forth while he’d hummed Twisted Dreams. Jason kissed her on the neck. “I love you so much.”

“Me too,” she’d replied then turned around to face him. “I have to tell you something.”

Before she’d been able to say another word, the door opened. “Hey, hey,” Ruby Miller, the A/R representative said as she walked into the room as if it were hers. Ingrid hated that woman. She didn’t have any respect for Jason’s private life and she made it clear that she wasn’t a big fan of Ingrid either. Ingrid shot an angry glance in Ruby’s direction as Jason dropped his arms.

“You could’ve knocked,” he said.

“Well,” Ruby said, “you have to get downstairs for sound check and I wanted to make sure Ingrid was settled in. I’m here for you guys.” The fake smile on Ruby’s lips may have put Jason at ease, but Ingrid hadn’t trusted her and didn’t believe for one second that she gave a damn about how she was settling in to the hotel room.

Jason gave Ingrid a quick kiss before dashing out of the room for his sound check. When Ingrid and Ruby were left in the room alone, the smile vanished from Ruby’s face.

“We need to talk,” she said, motioning for Ingrid to sit down.

“Talk? I have to get ready for the show,” Ingrid replied.

“Actually, you don’t. Jason, or Jay Slade, as he’s going to be known as from now on needs to be free to explore his career.”

Ingrid folded her arms across her ample bosom. “Jason is free to do whatever he needs to do. I have never stood in his way.”

Ruby waved her hand in the air as if she were swatting annoying gnats. “That was fine in Hicksville, South Carolina. But this is the big time. Have you looked at your man? He’s going to be a sex symbol like Usher; he has a voice that rivals Teddy Pendergrass. Every woman in the world is going to want him.”

Cocking her head to the side, Ingrid glared at Ruby. On the tip of her tongue was an ugly word she’d never used before. Instead of saying it, she swallowed it and mumbled a prayer for the strength not the snatch the blonde weave out of that butt pad wearing Beyoncé Knowles wanna-be’s head.

“Jay Slade is mine to create. I’m making an image for him and you just don’t fit it. Can you imagine how you two are going to look walking down the red carpet together? He’s a physical specimen and you look as if you really love fried chicken and biscuits.”

A chill ran up Ingrid’s spine. She’d never been a skinny girl and she was fine with that. Jason never seemed to mind it when they were in Elmore. Don’t be silly, this is Ruby talking not Jason. Jason loves you and he’s going to tell her where she can go with this rubbish.

“Ruby, I think you should leave before I slap the blonde out of your wig,” Ingrid snapped. “I don’t give a damn what you think about me, Jason and I love each other and you can just go find another relationship to try and ruin.”

Ruby shook her head in disgust. “Jay Slade wants to be a star and I can guarantee you that he’s going to choose stardom over this relationship that you think is so strong.” She stormed out of the room and Ingrid plopped down on the soft king sized bed. Ingrid ran her hand across her thick waist. For the most part, she was happy with her size fourteen figure. There had been times when she thought about losing weight to look like the models in magazines, but she was healthy and active. Starving herself to make someone else happy wasn’t in her DNA. Besides, Jason had never said anything about her losing weight or that she was standing in the way of his fame.

I’m not going to become some damn anorexic because Ruby thinks I don’t fit Jason’s image! We love each other and that’s all that matters, Ingrid thought as she’d rushed into the bathroom to get ready for Jason’s first big show. He’d already given her an all access pass and she was glad of it because she knew that Ruby wouldn’t have given her one.

About an hour later, Ingrid was dressed in a pair of black jeans and yellow silk blouse with her pass around her neck. She’s brushed her hair back in a sleek ponytail and dusted a bit of foundation on her caramel face. She smoothed a bit of lip gloss on her full lips and smiled at her reflection in the mirror. “To hell with Ruby, I look good.”

With that, Ingrid headed out to Times Square to join Jason as he’d prepared to take the stage for his show. She had been so excited that his dreams were coming true. All his life he’d wanted to sing, ever since his first solo at Elmore Baptist Church. It had pained Ingrid that no one, not even Jason’s father, had believed in him. When Jason had decided to follow his dream and dropped out of school at The University of South Carolina, his dad tossed him out of the house. Ingrid had taken the semester off to travel with Jason and if he’d decided to move to New York, she’d planned to transfer so that they could begin their life together. Smiling, she walked through the crowded staging area, proudly flashing her pass to the security guard. Her smile fell from her lips when she’d spotted Jason with his arm around R&B singer Debony Blair. A photographer snapped pictures of the couple and reporters mulled around them with recorders and microphones. “Are you two dating?” a reporter called out.

“No,” Jason said.

Debony winked at the reporter. “We’re just making beautiful music together, for now,” she replied.

Ingrid seethed with anger. Who did she think she was? Jason was her man and this Debony chick was flirting with him for all of the media to see. And to make matters worse, Jason had simply smiled as she kissed him on his neck while the flashbulbs went off.

“I told you,” Ruby said as she walked up behind Ingrid.

“Ruby, get away from me,” Ingrid said as she swallowed down her anger and disappointment.

Ruby smiled as she walked away from Ingrid and over to Jason and Debony. Ingrid followed when she saw Debony and Ruby walk away. “What was that?” she asked.

“Publicity shots,” he said, giving her a quick hug. “Ruby told me that attaching myself to Debony would help with record sales.”

“Debony looked like she wanted to be attached to more than your music.” Ingrid poked her lip out and shook her head.

Jason spun her around and kissed her on the forehead. “I don’t care what she wants. You’re all I need and want.”

Why hadn’t she taken in the warning signs? Ingrid questioned as her thoughts returned to the present.

“Ingrid!” Christina Kyle called from across the parking lot. “I know you heard him on the radio.”

“Where’s my son?” Ingrid asked. Looking at her best friend, a short spit fire with short auburn hair and petite figure, the last thing she wanted was to hear about Jason from her. Christina knew her history with him and thought the two of them belonged together.

“In the car,” she said pointing toward her black Honda Accord. “He was at Celina Hart’s art class today and he made you something special. But he wants to take it home and surprise you.”

“You have a key and you’re about three blocks from my house,” Ingrid said. “I know you didn’t come here just to ask me if I heard Jason on the radio.”

Christina patted her hip, “I sure did and I was just wondering if you’re going to come clean.”

“What?” Ingrid asked.

“DeShawn reminds me of Jason when we were little.”

Ingrid rolled her eyes. Since the day her son was born, Christina had questioned Ingrid about the true paternity of her son.

“I know that Louis Harrington isn’t this boy’s father,” she’d said a mere hour after DeShawn was born.

“I’m so tired, please don’t do this to me,” Ingrid had replied in a soft voice.

“Then tell me the truth.”

Ingrid had closed her eyes, unwilling to admit the truth to her best friend. She had no intentions to tell anyone that DeShawn Harrington was Jason Campbell’s son. Ingrid had been side stepping the question of DeShawn’s paternity since he was born. The older he got, the more he looked like Jason. She had to keep them apart or the truth would be out. Who was she fooling? It wasn’t as if Jason cared about her. Three years had passed and she hadn’t heard one word from him. She’d seen his star rise in magazines and on MTV and BET. Jason hadn’t even reached out to her to see how she’d been since that day. The day she told him to make a choice and he chose his career, without even looking back or noticing that Ingrid’s expanding waist had nothing to do with their late night meals at fancy restaurants on the road or the greasy take out on the tour bus. She’d tried to tell him that she was pregnant, but as his first single began to climb the charts, Jason had become Jay Slade and didn’t have time for her.

“Ingrid,” Christina snapped, bringing her friend back to reality. “What are you going to do when you run into Jason?”

“That’s not going to happen. Please take my son home,” Ingrid said as she walked over to Christina’s car to look in on DeShawn. He was lying in the backseat sleeping soundly.

“Are you bringing something home for dinner? Chicken, perhaps?” Christina asked.

“If that’s your way of inviting yourself over for dinner, today’s special was meatloaf, mashed potatoes and cabbage,” she said.

“And dessert?”

“I’ll surprise you,” Ingrid said. “I’ve got to get back inside.”

Christina offered her friend a mock salute and got into the car. As she peeled out of the parking lot, Ingrid shook her head and laughed to herself. No matter how much of a pain Christina could be, she was glad to have her no nonsense friend in her life. Even if she did ask too many questions and forced her to face her biggest fear — telling Jason the truth.





Chapter Two


Jason left the radio station with one thought in his mind, a chicken dinner from the best and only soul food restaurant in town, Soul To The Bone. Once when he had been on a promotional tour, his bus passed through Elmore on the way to Columbia, South Carolina and they made a stop at the restaurant. The food had been amazing. He was so happy when the restaurant started a web site and he could order his favorite down home meals. Since he was the brightest star in the record company’s universe, they did everything they could to keep him happy, including paying the cost to have food shipped from South Carolina to everywhere Jay Slade was. Though his favorite meals were calorie laden dishes that could add ten pounds to any man, Jason was blessed to have a high metabolism and a healthy obsession (read: Def Jam mandated) with working out. His abs was the stuff of legends, which is probably why he hadn’t taken a picture with a shirt on in nearly two years. He’d been tapped by Madison Avenue to model for Ed Hardy’s urban campaign for the company’s underwear line. Ruby had told him that he should write a fitness book like L.L. Cool J. Jay had balked. He didn’t want to copy the hip-hop legend, especially since music was his true love and not physical fitness. Besides, how was he going to tell people to stay away from the foods he loved? All he needed was to write that book and have some paparazzo to catch him munching on a hunk of red velvet cake.

As he approached the restaurant, he smiled at the small building. It fit Elmore’s downtown area perfectly. The black and white building had huge windows and you could see everything going on inside the bustling restaurant. Jason watched for a moment, looking at the people enjoying their meals, talking and smiling with each other. It felt good to be home. Wait a minute. Was that her behind the counter? Of course it was her and God was she beautiful. The years had been kind to Ingrid and her body was still curvy and voluptuous, even if she was wearing an oversized white shirt and black knit pants. She had her long brown hair pulled back in a pony tail that showed the brightness of her caramel complexion and sparkling brown eyes. As she talked to one of the restaurant patrons, she smiled and touched his shoulder. For some reason, that move made him heat with jealousy. What if that man was more than a customer? Was that the man she’d married?

Shaking his head, Jason couldn’t believe that Ingrid was married. When he heard that she’d gotten married, he’d thought it was a joke. They hadn’t even been broken up that long and he’d had every intention of returning to Elmore to reclaim her heart. But every time he tried to make the trip home, something got in the way. First, it was the tour with Debony. Then when he’d decided to make his second trip to Elmore, he’d heard that she had married Louis Harrington and was pregnant. Part of him had hoped to be the man that would father any of Ingrid’s children but she had moved on and created a family with another man. He was heartbroken and wanted to hate the man who had moved him out of Ingrid’s heart. Maybe that’s who she was talking to in the restaurant and if that were the case, he wasn’t sure if he wanted to go in there and be a part of that. What would he say to Ingrid and her husband? Hello, I’m here to make your wife love me again? Still, Jason was starving and he was going to go into the restaurant and get something to eat. He parked his red 1967 Mustang Fastback and got out of the car. Since the crowd in the restaurant was light and most of the people were older, Jason wasn’t worried about being accosted by rabid fans wanting his autograph.

He opened the door to the restaurant and the bell above the door chimed. Ingrid’s head shot up and their eyes met. Something, an emotion he couldn’t read, washed over her face. Jason crossed over to the counter; some of the other diners looked at him and smiled.

“Ingrid Russell, it’s so good to see you,” Jason said as he reached the counter and held his hand out to her.

Ingrid folded her arms across her full bosom, causing him to make an effort to keep his eyes on her beautiful face. “It’s Harrington now,” she said, not taking his hand and speaking in a tone so cold, even her customer shivered.

Jason smiled and pressed on. “I know or I heard and couldn’t believe it,” he said.

Ingrid didn’t try to smile or keep up the appearance of business as usual. “What did you think, Jay Slade, that my life was going end because we broke up?”

At the mention of the name Jay Slade, all of the heads in the restaurant turned to catch a glimpse of their favorite son. “Ingrid, I never thought. . .”

“What did you think, Jason? That I was going to sit around and wait for the day that you would come back and maybe do what Ruby suggested and lose fifty pounds? I found someone who loved me for who I was and accepted every part of me.”

“Ingrid,” Jason said in a low voice, “I wish I could make up for everything that happened between us. I messed up.”

“Yes, you did.”

Jason nodded and reached out for her hand but Ingrid didn’t return the gesture and he dropped his hand. “I’m sorry.”

Ingrid smirked. “Am I supposed to just fall into your arms and say I forgive you? Whatever,” she said then walked into the kitchen. A couple of waitresses rushed up to Jason, screaming and begging for an autograph. He signed their aprons quickly and then hopped over the counter and dashed into the kitchen.

“Ingrid,” he said.

Startled, she turned around and tried to hide the water in her eyes. Jason saw the pain in her face and he remembered the last time he caused her to cry. He closed the space between them and awkwardly drew her into his arms. For a second, Ingrid didn’t protest him holding her. She leaned against his hard chest and relaxed. Then, as if she’s been sitting on a hot stove top, she pushed away from him. “Why are you back here? This isn’t a public area,” she said.

“I know it isn’t public and if I’m overstepping my boundaries, then I’m sorry and I’ll apologize to your husband, but I had to see you. You’re the whole reason I’m doing this concert here.”

Ingrid wiped her eyes with the tips of her fingers as she turned her back to him. “My husband really wouldn’t appreciate you being here,” she said.

Jason closed his hand around her shoulder. “Then why isn’t he in here working with you? If you were my woman, there’s no way I’d have you out here working like this.”

Ingrid shrugged his hand from her shoulder. “I was your woman, remember. I just didn’t fit your image. You chose your career over what we had and now you’re standing here pretending that . . What, did you get dropped from your label? Is that really why you’re here?”

Jason shook his head, his lips curved into a slight smile. “I’m here for two reasons, for dinner and to tell you I’m sorry.”

“That’s not a news flash, I know you’re sorry, Jason,” she snapped as she whirled around to face him. An avalanche of emotions cascaded down over her and her heart skipped several beats as she looked into his dazzling black eyes. How did he become more handsome, yet keep the same qualities that she fell in love with? It was a struggle for her to keep her anger flashing in her eyes because she desperately wanted to fall into his arms and run her fingers through his thick locs.

“Ingrid," Jason intoned. “I was wrong. But you seemed to get over it pretty quickly. Congratulations on your wedding.”

She didn’t have to struggle to be mad anymore. Ingrid fixed her mouth to curse Jason for everything he was worth when her cell phone rang. She pulled the small silver phone from her apron pocket. “Hello?” she breathed.

Jason watched her as she talked, focusing squarely on her full lips. All he could think about was kissing them. Husband or not, he wanted this woman back.

But when he heard her say, “Yes, baby, I love you too and I’ll be home soon.” His heart was crushed. Then his blood heated, a real man would work at night and allow his wife to stay home. Anything could happen to Ingrid as she drove home and worked in the evenings. Elmore was a small town but it didn’t mean that it was immune from crime.

Jason crossed over to Ingrid as she hung up the phone. “What are you . . .”

He cut her off with a soul stirring kiss, not giving a damn about the husband she was going home to. The warmth of her mouth and the sweetness of her tongue made him weak. He’d missed her so much. No other woman tasted like Ingrid. She was sweet like fresh berries, she was tangy like life. Her kiss told a story. Most women just kiss with reckless abandon. Ingrid kissed with a purpose, fire, desire and yearning. Jason felt as if she hadn't been kissed properly in years. He enveloped her in his arms savoring the feel of her ample curves against him. She felt like a real woman, no silicone, no injections to make her lips plump. She was all natural and he wanted her to be all his--again.

Ingrid placed her hand against his chest, lost in time as they kissed. Gone were all of the bad memories, the lies and the heartache. But her mind returned to the present and she pulled away from him then slapped him as hard as she could. “Don’t you ever touch me again,” she shouted, not worrying or caring if the patrons in the restaurant heard her. “Get out of here, Jason.”

“I’ll leave now, but I’ll be back.” Jason walked out of the kitchen and back into the dining room. He was about to leave when he remembered his real reason for coming there. He was hungry, though kissing Ingrid had temporarily fulfilled one need. As he waved down a waitress to take his order, he licked his lips reliving the kiss in the kitchen. He could still taste her essence on his bottom lip and he wanted more. Husband or not. How much of a relationship do they have if she kissed me like that? he thought before ordering a fried chicken dinner with a side of mashed potatoes and cornbread.

While waiting for his order, Ingrid walked into the dining room. “Why are you still here?” she demanded.

“Waiting for my dinner. I can eat here, can’t I?”

She rolled her eyes. “Dina,” she called out. “I’m going home. I’ll be back to close up.” Ingrid turned on her heels and stormed out of the restaurant.





Ingrid hopped in her car and exhaled loudly feeling as if she hadn't taken a breath since she laid eyes on Jason. Why did he have to show up tonight? Was this fate’s way of stepping in and showing her that she couldn't hide from him? Sighing, she started her engine and headed home to hug her son. She needed to see DeShawn because he was the one thing in her life that wasn't complicated. Her little boy was her life. Raising him in Elmore gave him a chance to have a simple life, just as hers had been when she was a child and before she’d fallen in love with Jason Campbell.

Love would never be something DeShawn would have to worry about. He was surrounded by it because his smile and chubby cheeks made the whole town fall in love with him. Her mother, Lois Russell, did everything in her power to spoil DeShawn. Ingrid always wondered if her mother would be so loving to her son if she knew the truth about his parentage. Lois Russell hadn’t believed that Jason Campbell would make it as a singer and she felt as if he would bring her daughter down by dragging her all over the country while he chased his dreams. She had told Ingrid that Jason was selfish and would do nothing but break her heart. Ingrid always hated it when her mother was right. Because Jason hurt her as deeply as he had, she didn’t want to open DeShawn up to that pain. That’s why he and the whole town thought Louis Harrington was DeShawn’s father. She’d shielded him from the truth for three years and she was going to continue to do so. Louis Harrington was the only father DeShawn needed--even if he was dead. Ingrid pulled into the driveway of the two story brick house Louis left her and DeShawn. Dragging herself from her car, Ingrid walked slowly into the house, not wanting to hear Christina’s mouth about Jason.

“I’m home,” Ingrid said as she walked into the house.

“Mommy,” DeShawn yelled from the kitchen, then he ran into the living room to meet his mother and hug her.

Ingrid knelt down and hugged him tightly. “What did aunt Chrissy get you for dinner?” she asked when she let him go.

“We had hamburgers and apple fries,” he said. “They were raw!”

Ingrid looked up at Christina and nodded thanks for incorporating fresh fruit into DeShawn’s dinner. “I forgot to pack something from the restaurant, so I’ll cook if you’re still hungry,” she said to her friend.

“I guess all of the excitement that happened would cause you to forget that you had a best friend to feed.”

“What excitement?” Ingrid asked as she kissed DeShawn on the cheek.

“You are a L-I-A-R,” she replied.

“Mommy, why is Auntie calling you a liar?” DeShawn asked.

Ingrid and Christina laughed. “Boy, you are too smart,” Christina said. “Why don’t you go and get your surprise for Mommy?”

He dashed upstairs to his bedroom and Christina turned to her friend with a smirk on her face. “I got a call from Dina; seems as though a certain R&B singer was all up in your face before you left.”

Ingrid rolled her eyes. “People around here just talk too damned much,” she snapped.

“How was it?”

“How was what?” Ingrid asked, trying to sound unaffected.

Christina folded her arms across her chest. “You know what the hell I mean. How was seeing him again?”

Before Ingrid could tell her friend that seeing Jason meant nothing to her, DeShawn came downstairs holding his painting. “Look, Mommy.”

Ingrid took the canvas from his hands and smiled. She had no idea what she was looking at but it was beautiful because DeShawn made it. The paper was streaked with green, red, blue and brown paint. There was a drawing in the center of what she thought was a woman. “This is beautiful,” she exclaimed.

“It’s you,” he said.

“I’m going to hang this in the kitchen,” she said then bent down and kissed DeShawn on the forehead. “Thank you.”

He smiled and wrapped his little arms around his mother’s neck. “May I have some ice cream?”

“Sure,” Ingrid said, suddenly feeling the need for something cool to calm her down. She hadn’t even wanted to tell Christina that she saw Jason and she didn’t want to think about that kiss again. But she couldn’t help it, couldn’t think about anything else. It had been a long time since she was kissed so thoroughly and passionately. She hadn’t made love to a man since the last night she and Jason spent together. That was more than three years ago and until today; she’d been fine with that.

As she scooped chocolate ice cream into a bowl for DeShawn, Christina sat at a bar stool and stared at her friend. “You know I’m not leaving until you tell me what happened,” she said. “So, you might as well fix me a bowl of the good stuff.”

Ingrid laughed and reached into the freezer and pulled out a pint of Ben and Jerry’s Cherry Garcia. “Is this what you’re talking about?” she asked as she waved the container.

“You know it.”

Ingrid filled a bowl for herself and friend and the three of them ate in silence until DeShawn hollered out, “I’m finished.”

“All right, little man, it’s time for bed,” Ingrid said as she placed his bowl and hers in the sink. Christina was munching on a second helping of ice cream.

“I’ll be right here when you finish washing him up,” Christina said. “Do you have any nuts?”

“Just you,” Ingrid said as she and DeShawn headed upstairs.





Chapter Three


It took two hours for Jason to leave the restaurant and not because the service was slow. The word had gotten out that he was at Soul to The Bone and it seemed the entire town showed up seeking autographs and pictures. Although he was tired and wanted to go to the hotel and rest, he took pictures and signed CDs until Dina ran everyone out of the restaurant.

“I’m sorry about that,” she said when the last fan left.

“That’s all right,” he replied. “Is Ingrid coming back?”

Dina shrugged. “She usually does. But it’s after she puts Shawn to bed and everything.”

“Shawn? That’s her husband?”

Dina laughed. “No, that’s her little boy. He’s so cute and funny. He’s about three now, I think. Smart as a whip but with parents like his, he doesn’t have a choice. It’s a shame that Mr. H isn’t around to see his boy grow up and see what Miss Ingrid is doing with this restaurant. She’s a genius, you know.”

“He’s not around?” Jason asked. He was certain that Ingrid had said she was still married and wasn’t she talking to her husband on the phone? He still couldn’t believe Ingrid was a mother; but not the mother of his child. Jason wanted a wife and children but he wanted that woman to be Ingrid, not someone who wanted to marry Jay Slade. She knew him before the fame and loved him. But will she love you again? Jason shook his head and focused on what Dina was telling him.

“It was a horrible accident. He was on his way back from Atlanta and they say he fell asleep at the wheel. Some people say he was down there doing something he didn’t have no business doing. But Miss Ingrid doesn’t say nothing bad about him. He took care of his family.”

“What did people say he was doing?” Jason asked, even though he knew people in Elmore gossiped about everybody, true or not. Still, he had to know if Ingrid’s husband had been cheating on her or doing anything to hurt her. Like you have room to be angry.

“Well, I don’t want to say because it’s just gossip,” Dina said as she began to wipe the counter down. “Didn’t you and Miss Ingrid grow up together?”

“Yes we did,” he said.

“Wow,” she said. “She never talks about knowing you, but everybody else in town does.”

“Well, Ingrid has always been a quiet person, you know,” he said as he rose to his feet. “Miss Dina, thank you for taking care of me this evening.” Jason reached into his wallet and pulled out a one-hundred dollar bill. “For your troubles.” And for the juicy information you gave me.

“Thank you so much!” she exclaimed.

Jason headed for the door and as he opened it to walk out, he collided with Ingrid. She’d changed into a pair of jeans and a tank top and looked stunning. “Wow,” he breathed.

“Why are you still here?” she snapped. “We’re closed. Dina, I’ve asked you not to have people in here after we close.”

The young waitress, who’d been wiping down the counter, dropped her rag. “I’m sorry, Miss Ingrid, but someone told everybody in town that Jay Slade was here and the whole town showed up for pictures and autographs.”

“I hope you sold some food too,” Ingrid said as she side stepped Jason. The angry look in Ingrid’s eyes should’ve forced him out the door and the fact that he was extremely tired should’ve been all the urging he needed to go to his hotel room. But he was a glutton for punishment.

“Ingrid, since it’s my fault that Dina had to close up later, why don’t I stay here and help you close up?” he asked.

“I don’t need anything from you,” Ingrid said then she turned Dina. “You can go home and I’m sorry I snapped at you.”

Dina reached underneath the counter and pulled out her purse. “It’s okay, Miss Ingrid,” she said then dashed out of the restaurant as if she knew something was brewing between Jason and Ingrid.

Once they were alone, he braced himself for a sharp retort from Ingrid, but she didn’t say a word. She just counted the till and pretended he wasn’t there. “Why didn’t you tell me your husband was dead?” Jason asked after moments of tense silence.

“It’s none of your business.”

“I guess you’re right. Still, I’m sorry for your loss. You must have really loved him,” Jason said.

Ingrid glared at Jason and continued counting the restaurant’s take for the evening. “Are you going to just ignore me?” he asked as he stepped closer to her.

“Isn’t that what you did to me the last three years?” she asked as she placed the money in bank deposit bag.

“I wanted to reach out to you and tried, up until I heard that you were married.”

She placed her hands on her round hips and glared at him. “If you wanted to talk to me, you could have because I’m pretty sure you’ve done everything else you damn well pleased. Jason—Jay Slade—or whatever the hell you call yourself, get out and don’t come back.”

“I’m not going anywhere,” he said.

Ingrid zipped the bag and stuffed it in her purse. “I’m out of here and you are too, unless you want to spend the night in this diner.” She stomped toward the door not looking at him, but Jason got a lovely view of the way Ingrid filled out those blue jeans.

“I’ll see you tomorrow for breakfast,” Jason said after they made it outside to their cars.

“I can’t stop you from coming here, but leave me alone. You made your choice a long time ago and this isn’t the time to go back and try to make things right.”

“Then when is the time, because I’m going to be here until you change your mind,” he said as he slipped into his Mustang.





Ingrid waited for about ten minutes before she started her car. Jason couldn’t mean what he said about staying until she changed her mind. How could he do that and keep his career going? He’d chosen his career over her before and what had changed? Shaking her head, she drove home not wanting to entertain the fantasy that she and Jason could be together. The house was quiet when Ingrid arrived at home and she plopped down on the sofa not feeling like dragging herself upstairs to her bedroom. Kicking her feet up on the coffee table, she grabbed her remote and turned the television on. Moments later, Christina came bounding down the stairs.

“I thought I was going to have to call the sheriff,” she said when she spotted Ingrid on the sofa.

“I’m tired.”

Christina stretched out on the love seat and looked at her friend. “So, did you see him again?”

“Did you hear me when I said I was tired?” Ingrid asked, her voice peppered with annoyance.

“And I did you a favor by staying here with my godson and not eating the Ben and Jerry’s in the freezer. The least you can do is humor me and tell me that seeing Jason didn’t make your heart flutter and your pulse race.”

“First of all, this is not a Lifetime movie and my heart doesn’t flutter nor does my pulse race when I see that jackass,” Ingrid lied.

Christina rolled her eyes. “Sure. I take it that he was still at the restaurant when you made it back?”

Ingrid sighed. “Yes, he was there. And Dina, with her sweet self, told him all of my business.”

“That girl is talkative,” Christina said with a laugh. “She’s Elmore’s version of CNN.”

Ingrid sighed and ran her fingers through her hair. It was at that moment when she realized that her hair had been a bushy mess all day and Jason had seen her looking a hot mess. “I need to go see Harriet tomorrow,” she said, referring to her hair dresser.

“Why? You obviously haven’t been in weeks,” Christina said, eyeing Ingrid’s frizzy ponytail. “Could it be that someone is all ‘twisted up in love, love, love.’”

“Shut up and go home.”

Christina yawned. “Nope, you have to open the restaurant in the morning and your son invited me to spend the night.”

Ingrid shook her head and snorted. “I ought to call Dina and let her talkative ass open up.”

“What did she tell him?”

“That my husband was dead, that I had a son. For all I know, she could’ve given him the code to the restaurant’s alarm system.” Ingrid laughed nervously.

Christina sat up and swung her legs over the side of the chair. “I know you hate to hear this, but you know you and Louis didn’t have a real marriage.”

Ingrid dropped her feet from the table and glared at her friend. “We loved each other and that was enough.”

Christina shook her head. Though she wanted to tell her friend that the only man she’d ever loved was Jason, she held her tongue. “All right, I don’t want to argue with you tonight.”

“Good,” Ingrid said as she rose to her feet. “I’m going to bed.” She headed upstairs to her bedroom. The last thing she wanted to talk about was her marriage to Louis. It was true that she loved him and he’d loved her but it was far from a romantic love. They were more like brother and sister. But when Ingrid had returned to Elmore pregnant and alone, she needed someone and Louis helped her. Even if it was the new millennium, there were some things in Elmore that didn’t change. Some people still wanted to brand single mothers with a scarlet letter. After the humiliation she’d suffered in New York, she hadn't wanted to come back home to face more.

Ingrid crawled into her bed and pulled the covers up to her chin. Much of her life in Elmore since she’d returned from New York three years ago had been a lie. Was it time for her to come clean?





When Jason walked into his hotel room at the Elmore Inn, he was happy to be alone. But the moment he plopped down on the king sized bed, he realized being alone in the same town where Ingrid lived wasn’t a good thing. Smiling, he recalled the last night they’d been alone together on a king sized bed in a hotel room. Ingrid had been wearing a black lace gown that skimmed her knees and she’d surrounded herself with red rose petals.

“What have I done to deserve this?” he’d asked when he walked into the room.

“You love me,” she’d replied.

“Yes, I do.” Immediately, Jason had begun to take his clothes off so that he could join Ingrid in the bed. As he’d stared at her luscious body, he salivated thinking about every place he wanted to taste her. Ingrid opened her arms to him, pulling her man on top of her and kissed him deeply as if he’d been gone for weeks instead of six hours. He’d been signing CDs at the Virgin Megastore with Debony. Then he’d performed outside of the MTV studios. Though the applause and catcalls from the crowd had excited him during his performance, nothing could compare to Ingrid’s touch and how it turned him on.

“You looked great out there.”

“And you look great in here,” he’d said before swooping in and capturing her full lips. Ingrid’s moans had been music to his ears as she parted her lips allowing his tongue to explore her hot mouth. Jason had slipped his hand between her thighs, feeling the hot wetness collecting there. Inching his hand forward, Jason pressed into her folds of flesh seeking her bud of desire. Her body vibrated as his long fingers danced across her throbbing bud. “I’ve been thinking about this all day,” he whispered before closing his lips around her neck. She moaned in a heated response as his tongue danced down the column of her neck. Ingrid had returned his kisses with some of her own on his chest. As her tongue swirled around his nipples, Jason had nearly climax. His thick erection rested at the v of her thighs and without thinking of protecting them, Jason slipped into her wetness. As he thrust forward, Ingrid had matched him stroke for stroke. She had been so wet and hot that Jason exploded. He held her against his chest and had mumbled about this only being round one.

Jason opened his eyes and half expected to find Ingrid in bed with him, but he was left with an aching erection. Turning over on his side, Jason thought about what he could do to win Ingrid back. The first thing he was going to have to do was extend this trip. Def Jam wanted to send him on a promotional tour for his album, but he needed to figure out a way to stay in Elmore until Ingrid forgave him and allowed him to love her again.

I know what I can do! he thought excitedly. Jason pulled his cell phone from his pocket and dialed Ruby’s number.

“This is Ruby,” the Def Jam executive said.

“Rube, it’s Jason.”

“Jay Slade, are you enjoying the boondocks?” she said with a laugh. “Your show is in a few days, right?”

“You know that. And I’m enjoying Elmore,” he said trying desperately to hide his annoyance with her.

“What’s going on?” she asked.

“I have a great idea. Def Jam South is trying to be about more than hip-hop, right?”

“Yeah, but what does that have to do with you?”

Sighing, Jason willed himself not to tell Ruby what he really thought of her and her condescending attitude. “Elmore is filled with great singers. What if we staged a month long talent search? We could draw people from all over the state here and I can promote my new album on the cheap.”

“We have a plan for your promotional tour,” Ruby said. “Changing plans now would cost us more money.”

“Not if we find the next big R&B star. You don’t understand the talent in this town and people love me. They would come out.”

“Def Jam doesn’t run American Idol, OK.”

“Listen, this is my last album on Def Jam and you guys want to resign me, right? My agent called me last week with an offer from Jive Records.”

Ruby laughed, “You’re trying to blackmail me into letting you stay in Mayberry? I don’t believe you.”

“I was planning to stop recording and write songs for Def Jam artists, but if you can’t work with me, then I’ll just have my agent messenger me the contracts from Jive and take those songs I was working on for some of your people and record them myself.”

Ruby groaned. “I think I liked you better when you were a naïve little country boy who only wanted to sing. Give me a couple of days to arrange some stuff. You’re still going to have to make those concert dates.”

“That’s fine and I need one more thing,” he said.

“What else, superstar?” she asked sarcastically.

“I need a place, a house or something because I can’t stay in a hotel for an extended period of time,” he said. “This isn’t New York.”

“Don’t I know it. I’ll call around and see what I can find for you and the A&R rep who is going to come and oversee the contest. What’s this really about, Jay?”

“What do you mean?” he asked.

“Umm, that fat girl still lives down there, doesn’t she?”

“Ruby, I’m going to hang up now, because you’re about two words from me telling you what I really think about you.”

“What was her name? Imogene?”

“Ingrid, you twit!” Jason shouted. “And don’t you ever mention her name again.”

“Such anger.”

“Ruby, I know what you did. Are you such a bitter bitch that you don’t want to see anyone happy?”

“You didn’t complain when you were selling all of those records and dating the hottest women in the industry. Would you have been able to do that with Ingrid hanging on your shoulder in the hottest Lane Bryant gear?”

“Shut up. At least I knew what we shared was real.”

“You’re a sex symbol. You have to be a fantasy. If you’re going to have a woman, she has to be as sexy as you are. And if you and Ingrid had something so real, why did she take my word about the end of your relationship. She saw the writing on the wall.”

“Get what I need down here as soon as possible,” Jason said through clinched teeth. He snapped his phone shut not waiting for Ruby’s reply. A smart man would’ve left the record company after finding out what Ruby had done. But Jason’s star was rising and he had developed an ego that made him think no one would leave him. While he had been on Debony’s world tour, Ruby had gone to Ingrid, telling her that the rumors about Debony and Jay Slade being lovers were true.

By the time he was scheduled to return to New York, Ingrid was gone and Ruby had been more than happy to tell him that his lady love had left the hotel and didn’t leave a forwarding address. Jason had known she’d returned to Elmore and when he made plans to go home, Ruby had informed him that he was about to headline his own twenty city tour because his album had just gone platinum. If he went to Elmore, she’d told him, he could kiss his career goodbye. At first, he’d said he didn’t give a damn about his career and he was going to make things right with Ingrid. Then Ruby had threatened him with a lawsuit that would’ve taken everything he had. She’d given him twenty-four hours to make the right decision. After she’d left, his agent had called and implored him to go on tour. He’d promised to reach out to Ingrid and have her at his show in Atlanta, Georgia.

The concert had gone off without a hitch. The crowd fell under Jay Slade’s spell as he sang songs from his debut album and a few of his favorite old school R&B hits. When he’d run off the stage after his last song, he was expecting to see Ingrid waiting back stage for him. The only person who was there had been Debony Blair.

“Ruby sent me,” she’d said. “She said she’s sorry about Inga.”

“What?”

Debony handed him a print of an e-mail sent to Ruby. Jason had read the e-mail three times. Still the words didn’t register with him.

Tell Jay Slade to kiss my ass. I don’t want anything else to do with him and I don’t want to hear from him. If it’s over then fine, it’s over. I don’t want to hear from him or anyone who works for him as long as I live.

“Come on,” Debony had said. “Let’s celebrate your success.” Jason didn’t say anything, he just linked arms with her and headed out to get his mind off Ingrid.

Now he was willing to do anything to get Ingrid back, just what he should’ve done three years ago.





Chapter Four


Ingrid woke up at five a.m. even though she didn’t have to be at the restaurant until seven. Her cook, Felix Martin, always opened up and started baking biscuits at five-thirty. By the time she and Yolanda, her part-time waitress, got to the restaurant three people would already be there eating sausage biscuits and drinking coffee. By seven-forty five, the place would be packed with more regulars who wanted some of Felix’s buttery grits, omelets and fluffy biscuits. One person Ingrid looked forward to seeing every morning was artist Celina Hart-McRae. Despite the fact that she was a famous artist who had painted pictures for presidents and worked in Paris, France, she was so down to earth. She loved talking about her son, Darius Jr. She and Ingrid bonded over diaper rash ointment. Every morning, Celina ordered the same thing, a cup of French roast coffee, grits with no butter and a fruit cup. On days when it was slow, Ingrid would sit down and talk with Celina about her gallery.

Throwing her legs over the side of the bed, Ingrid knew the reason she couldn’t sleep was because of the man who said he’d be at the restaurant this morning. Jason. Normally, she’d turn the radio on when she woke up, but she didn’t want to hear Jason’s melodic voice crooning over the airwaves today. She knew every woman in the world thought Jay Slade was singing to her, but once upon a time, Ingrid knew those songs were about their relationship.

You were probably wrong about that. If Jason loved you as much as he said he did, you two would still be together. He said the music business would not come between us and it did. Him and Debony Blair, she thought as she padded toward the bathroom to take a shower. As she stepped underneath the tepid water, she tried not to think about the day she found out Jason had been untrue to her. Ruby had been more than happy to show her pictures and play a recording from back stage of Debony and Jason. It was the same day that Ingrid had taken a home pregnancy test and found out that she was having a baby.

Had it not been for the pictures and the recording – showing an intimate moment between Debony and Jason, Ingrid would’ve stayed and questioned Jason about Ruby’s allegations, but she got on the next plane to Columbia, South Carolina and never looked back.

After finishing her shower, Ingrid headed downstairs to brew a pot of coffee for her and Christina. Then she looked at the clock, it was five-forty five and she knew Christina wasn’t going to get up anytime soon. Ingrid placed the coffee back in the cabinet and headed back upstairs to look in on DeShawn. As she opened the door to her son’s bedroom, her heart swelled. That little boy was everything to her and as he slept, he looked like a little angel. She had to make sure DeShawn grew up surrounded by love and people who wouldn’t abandon him. That’s why she’d been so happy that Louis Harrington adopted him at birth. No one had to know that he wasn’t her son’s real father, not even DeShawn. Though Christina had her suspicions, Ingrid did nothing to confirm the truth about her son’s paternity. But anyone who knew Jason as a child had to see DeShawn’s resemblance to him. When he smiled, his brown eyes sparkled just like his father’s. He had the same head full of unruly curly hair that Jason had as a little boy. His skin was the same color as Ingrid’s and that threw some people off, causing them to say he looked just like her. But she saw the older DeShawn got, the more he began to take on his father’s characteristics.

The truth is going to come out one day. Ingrid ignored the voice of reason as she crossed over to her son and kissed his chubby cheek, then she pulled the blanket around his body and left the room. The truth was going to come out, but not today.

At six-thirty, Ingrid decided to go in to work. Though it was June, the morning air was still cool and Ingrid decided to walk the eight blocks to the diner. All she could do was hope and pray that Jason wouldn’t show up this morning.





Jason had been up since six-thirty and that was something he wasn’t used to. Usually, he only saw the sun rise if he had spent the night in the studio working on an album. Since he knew he was going to eat a calorie laden breakfast of bacon, eggs, grits and buttery biscuits, he went for a five mile run. As he looked at the landscape of Elmore, he realized some big changes had happened in his sleepy hometown since he was last there. On his run, he noticed the Thomas Hart Memorial Art Gallery, three new boutiques in downtown Elmore and a revamped Downtown Hardware Store. As he crossed over the train tracks that divided the town, he entered the run down area of Elmore where he’d grown up. That part of town hadn’t changed at all. Yards in the starter homes that lined Browns Avenue were as overgrown as ever. But one thing was different. The house where he’d grown up was burned to the ground. He slowed his gait as he passed 456 Browns Avenue. The yard where his house once stood was overrun with wild weeds, shrubs that resembled trees and trash.

Two years before Jason had gotten his record deal, he’d done everything humanly possible to stay out of Jonathan and Callie Campbell’s way. His mother Callie had been in and out of Jason’s life since he could remember. She’d leave after a beating from his father, stay gone for a few months or even a year or two, leaving Jason to face Jonathan’s drunken wrath. When she’d come back for the last time, he’d hope things would’ve been different, but they hadn’t changed at all. The fighting had escalated. But since he had been older, Jason escaped into his music and with Ingrid. Leaving for college and then going to New York had been the happiest time of his life.

When he and Ingrid had gone off to college, he didn’t even think about his family life. Then the call had come. 456 Browns Avenue had burned to the ground and his parents were inside, dead. The arson investigators had said the fire started during a fight between the two of them and a gas can was knocked into the fire place. The house exploded and there were no survivors. Part of him had been sad about the death of his parents, they both abused alcohol as much as they’d abused each other. But he also felt as if he’d been freed. No longer did he have to worry about what his parents were doing or when he’d have to go down to the Elmore City Jail to get them out for drunk and disorderly conduct or some other charge related to alcohol.

Since the death of the Campbells had been declared an accident, Jason was able to collect on the $20,000 life insurance policy. He’d spent more than five thousand dollars on his parents’ funeral and paid off their debts with another ten thousand dollars. The money he had left over he used to go to New York and seek a deal and jumpstart his music career. Jason had no idea that he would ever want to come back to Elmore, but right now he didn’t want to be anyplace else.

He started running again, needing to get as far away from his troubled past as possible. By the time he made it back to the hotel, Jason was drenched in sweat and ripe for a shower. He stripped out of his running clothes and hopped underneath a warm spray. Jason hoped that by the time he got out of the shower, the breakfast rush at Soul to The Bone would be over and he’d have a chance to talk to Ingrid.





The crowd in Soul to The Bone couldn’t stop talking about Jay Slade and his appearance in the restaurant the night before. “He looked so good,” Anna Belle Jacobs said as she stuffed her mouth with grits.

“More coffee?” Ingrid asked the women at the table as she held a pot of the steaming liquid. She’d been forced to do waitressing duties since the place was so crowded.

Anna Belle and her sister, Lenoir, looked up at Ingrid and smiled. “Didn’t you and Jay Slade run off to New York together?” Lenoir asked as she held up her coffee mug for a refill.

“Was breakfast satisfactory?” Ingrid asked, ignoring Lenoir’s question.

“Girl, I don’t know how you let him go,” Anna Belle said as she also held up her mug for a refill. “And breakfast was great. I’m going to have to start back coming here in the mornings before I go to work. Does Jay Slade come in for breakfast every day?”

“I don’t know, I keep an eye on my regular customers, the ones who keep the money in the register,” Ingrid replied.

“I heard he was seeing Debony Blair. Is that why y’all broke up?” Lenoir asked.

“If you all need anything else, Dina will take care of you,” Ingrid said as she stomped away, sloshing coffee with every step. The nerve of those witches! I can’t remember the last time either of them said two words to me and now they come in here asking me personal questions about Jason? They have a nerve, Ingrid thought as she prepared another pot of coffee.

“It’s bustling in here today,” Celina Hart-McRae said when she found an empty seat at the bar. “Are you giving food away?”

Ingrid laughed sardonically. “They’re here hoping Jay Slade will come back.”

“Oh, well, you know how it is. Small town boy does well and people want a piece of him.”

“Was it like that for you when you came back?”

Celina sucked in her bottom lip. “I just had one stalker and that was enough. Thankfully, artists don’t have the same following as singers. And speaking of artists, your son is talented for a three year old. I want you to nurture that.”

“I will, I don’t understand where he gets it from, though.”

Celina shrugged. “Maybe his father’s side of the family has some artists hidden on the family tree.”

Ingrid coughed to cover her nervousness. “The usual?”

“Actually, I want to surprise my husband with breakfast this morning, so I need the Good Morning special,” Celina said then crinkled her nose.

“You act as if you’ve never eaten meat before,” Ingrid said with a laugh. “But, I will have Felix substitute the pork bacon for turkey bacon.”

“You’re a doll,” Celina said as Ingrid slid her a fresh cup of coffee.

Right after Ingrid gave the cook Celina’s order, a shout echoed throughout the restaurant. She turned toward the door and saw Jason walk in. He was dressed in a pair of well-worn blue jeans, a white tank top and a button down striped shirt. The sun seemed to beam on him, giving him a celestial look. Ingrid forced herself to look away from him, but Jason stared at her as if she was the only person in the crowded restaurant. Ingrid’s knees went weak and she nearly dropped her coffee pot. Pull it together, Ingrid. He’s just Jason. Sexy, fine, mind numbing Jason, she thought as she turned around and put the pot back on the warmer. Ingrid did everything she could to ignore Jason’s presence. She wiped the counter, she refilled everyone’s coffee cup, even the patrons who were about to check out.

“Ingrid,” Celina said. “Are you all right?”

“Yes, why?”

“Because my cup is full, and you’re determined to give me more coffee.”

Ingrid set the coffee pot down and shook her head. “He walks around here as if he owns the world. Look at all of those women throwing themselves at him. You know when we were growing up some of them wouldn’t give him a second look because he grew up on the wrong side of town. Now they look as if they want to eat him.”

Celina shook her head. “That’s a shame,” she said. “I’m going to get out of here and take this food to Darius.” Ingrid handed her the box of food that she’d ordered.

“Thanks for listening to me vent,” Ingrid said as Celina rose to her feet.

“Anytime,” she said then headed out the door, pushing through the throng of people getting autographs from Jay Slade. Ingrid shot a perplexed look in the direction of the crowd. Why was he here?





“People, can I get through and get something to eat?” Jason yelled after signing about thirty autographs. “I’m going to be here for a while and I’ll sign everybody’s autograph.”

“We love you, Jay Slade,” Anna Belle yelled.

He focused his glance on her. Anna Belle had been one of his classmates in high school and she’d never been nice to the boy from the wrong side of the tracks. He shook his head but kept silent. Dina made her way through the crowd. “People,” she exclaimed, slapping her hands together. “Let this man eat before Miss Ingrid throws all of you out!”

Most of the women groaned and whispered about how they could cook him breakfast. A few of the people standing in the doorway left and Dina led him to the counter. “Do you want a table?” she asked.

He looked up and saw Ingrid standing across from him. “No, I’m just fine right here,” he said smiling at Ingrid. “Good morning, beautiful.”

Ingrid pouted. “What can I get you?” she asked.

“You on a platter,” he said with a twinkle in his eyes.

Ingrid picked up a plastic menu sheet from the counter. “Umm, I don’t see that on the menu. Why are you here?”

“For breakfast. I’ll take the special and a cup of coffee,” he said. “How are you this morning?”

“Busy,” she said as she turned her back to him and called out the order to Felix.

“Are you going to be busy tonight? I want to take you to dinner.”

“I’m working the dinner shift tonight,” she said.

“I can cover for you,” said Dina, who had walked over to the counter to fix coffee for a table near the back of the restaurant.

“Dina, you covered for me last night,” she said.

“I don’t mind,” she said with a smile at Jason. He made a mental note to give her another hundred dollar tip.

“See,” Jason said, “now you don’t have an excuse to turn down my dinner invitation.”

Ingrid cleared her throat. “I have a child who I spend my evenings with.”

Jason tried to hide the wave of jealousy that washed over him. The fact that Ingrid had a child meant that someone else had made love to his woman. Someone else had the pleasure of feeling her warmth, her wetness and her passion. “Okay, so let me spring for a sitter. Don’t you think it’s time for us to reconnect?”

Ingrid looked around the restaurant and noticed all eyes were on her and Jason. “I don’t think so. You had three years to reach out to me and you didn’t. Am I supposed to just drop my life and fling myself into your arms because you’re back in town? Why don’t you go find Debony or some of those other models you’ve been linked to on Media Take Out?”

“You can’t believe everything you see on the Internet, Ingrid,” he said.

She just glared at him. “Whatever.” Wiping her hands on her apron, Ingrid dashed out of the restaurant. Jason wasted no time following her.

“Ingrid!”

She whirled around, her eyes glazed with tears. “What do you want?” she demanded. “You made your choice three years ago and we’re not going back in time.”

“What are you talking about?” he asked as he closed the space between them. He wanted to pull her into his arms and kiss her sadness, disappointment and anger away.

“What am I talking about?” she mimicked. “I’m talking about you and Debony and how I was just a fat girl from back home and she was the one you wanted.”

“Ingrid, I never said that.”

She folded her arms across her chest, pushing her breasts up and he wanted to kiss them just as he had before he’d left for his tour three years ago. “I heard you! So, don’t stand here now and pretend that you give a damn about me.”

“I never stopped loving you and I wanted to come back and find you, but you had gotten married.”

“So? You were with Debony.”

“I was never with that girl! It was a marketing ploy. She was an established Def Jam star and after you left Ruby thought it would be good press.”

“Ruby. You lost the ability to think for yourself?”

“Ingrid, I love you, I always have and I always will. I know when we’re together it’s real.”

“No, it isn’t,” she retorted. “Because if it was so real, you would’ve known. . .I have a restaurant to run. I’d appreciate it if you’d take your food to go and don’t come back.”

“I can’t do that,” he said. “I’m going to be here until you realize that we belong together.”

“You’re wasting your time because the only person I’m committed to is my son.”

“Did you love him?” he asked, stopping Ingrid cold. “Did you love him like we loved each other?”

Ingrid turned her back to him and headed back inside the restaurant. When Jason reentered the restaurant, Ingrid was nowhere to be found. He took his seat at the bar and waited for his breakfast. Dina walked over to him with a coffee pot in her hand.

“Is she going to go out to dinner with you?” she asked as she refilled his cup.

“Not tonight, but she will. Where did she go?”

Dina shrugged. “She usually leaves after the breakfast rush and comes back for lunch.”

Felix rang the bell, indicating an order was ready. Dina walked over to the window and grabbed Jason’s breakfast dish. She placed it in front of him and said, “Miss Ingrid comes back no later than twelve-thirty.”

Jason reached into his pocket, peeled off two crisp one-hundred dollar bills and handed them to Dina. “What’s the lunch special for today?” he asked the beaming waitress.





Chapter Five


After leaving the restaurant, Ingrid drove aimlessly around Elmore. Why had she allowed Jason to get to her? Of course, he was going to say whatever to make her think he was telling the truth. But she saw the pictures and heard what he’d said about her to Debony. His words had cut her to the soul and that’s why she’d left him and returned to Elmore. Pregnant and not ready to face her mother, Ingrid had gotten off the train at six-thirty that evening, since she didn’t have the money for a rental car from the airport in Columbia. It had been a while since she’d been back in Elmore, especially since she and her mother had fallen out over her decision to move to New York with Jason. A few blocks from the train station, she’d seen Soul To The Bone for the first time. Hoisting her bag over her shoulder, Ingrid started toward the restaurant. She’d spent the entire train ride asleep or crying and hadn’t eaten anything since early that morning. Ingrid knew she couldn’t have another day like this one if she expected to have a healthy baby.

When she’d walked into the restaurant, warmth enveloped her as well as the mouth- watering smell of southern fried chicken. Ingrid couldn’t understand why this place was empty.

“Hey there,” the man behind the counter has said. “What can I get for you?” He smiled sweetly at Ingrid as she sat down at an empty table near the counter.

“It doesn’t matter,” she said. Her voice had been wrapped in melancholy.

He smiled again. “I don’t have any ‘doesn’t matter on the menu.’ Why don’t I get the special for you?”

Ingrid nodded and blinked back her tears.

“Hey, I was just joking,” he said as he handed her a napkin. “These days I have to laugh to keep from crying myself.”

“Why?” she asked as she wiped her tears away.

“I’ve been open for two months and, honey, it’s been slow.”

“That’s because people around here are slow to change,” Ingrid said as she blew her nose.

“I’m Louis,” he said. “This is my restaurant for now. But if I don’t get some customers soon, I’m going to be back in New York as a sous chef.”

At the mention of New York, Ingrid burst into tears. Louis stepped from behind the counter and sat down beside Ingrid. “I’ve closed a business or two before in my life. There’s no need to cry.”

She wiped her eyes again and Louis said, “You’re much too pretty to be blubbering this way. What’s wrong?”

Like an overturned glass of milk, Ingrid had spilled her soul. By the time she finished telling him about her experiences with Jay Slade, Louis had sworn to never buy any of his music.

After Louis fed her a dinner of baked chicken, wild rice and collard greens, he offered her his spare bedroom until she’d decided what her next move was since she hadn’t wanted to go home. Three days later, they had decided to get married. Ingrid needed a husband and a father for her unborn child and he needed a woman to stop people from questioning the truth about his sexuality.

Ingrid pulled into the driveway and smiled. She and Louis were the best of friends, but their marriage hadn’t been real. She knew what real love felt like and that was what she and Jason shared. Shared, the past, she thought.

Ingrid got out of her car and entered the house. She thought she was going to be alone, but Christina was sitting on the sofa waiting for her friend. “So, how was breakfast?” she asked.

“I’m pretty sure your little BlackBerry has been buzzing all morning,” Ingrid said as she plopped down on the love seat.

“When are you going to stop acting like you don’t give a damn?” she asked.

“I don’t.” Ingrid closed her eyes. “Did DeShawn get off to art camp all right?”

“Your mother came over and took him. She wanted to go and look at Celina Hart’s latest work. I was going to leave until Anna Belle called me and told me you were outside of Soul To The Bone fussing with Jay Slade.”

Ingrid opened her eyes. “You don’t even like her.”

“So, I know the only reason she called was to pump me for information. But I got a lot more from her. What time is he picking you up for dinner? I don’t have any plans and I will be more than happy to take my godson to the park or to your mom’s house because she promised DeShawn potato bread with dinner.”

Ingrid shook her head as she looked at her friend. Despite how much Christina ate, she never seemed to gain a pound. I bet Ruby would’ve loved her as Jay Slade’s girlfriend.

“What?” Christina asked, noticing her friend’s stare.

“I’m not going out with Jason and I wish he would leave me alone.”

“Are you avoiding him because you don’t want him to meet his son?”

Ingrid frowned, “You have a house, and maybe it’s time for you to go there.”

Christina stood up and yawned. “Fine, but the truth will come. What are you afraid of? Obviously Jason loves you too or he wouldn’t be taking this abuse from you. Anna Belle said you were pretty ugly to him.”

“Bye, Christina!”

Christina slinked out the front door and Ingrid wondered, was there truth in what her friend said? Did Jason still love her?





Jason left the restaurant after eating his fill. As he headed to the car, his cell phone rang. “Yeah?”

“Jay Slade, it’s Ruby. I ran your idea by the folk at Def Jam South and they love it. Unfortunately for me, I have to come down to the sticks and monitor the contest. I’m flying down in the morning and I have secured a house for us. Also, Debony is coming for the final phase of the contest since she got her start on a church choir or something like that and she has a new album dropping.”

Damn! Ruby is the last person that needs to come here. I know she doesn’t like Ingrid, he thought. “Why are you coming?” he asked.

“Because you have been and always will be my creation and I’m not going to let all of my hard work go to waste because you’re nostalgic.”

“Goodbye, Ruby,” Jason said then clicked the end button on his phone. He’d deal with her later, right now he had a woman’s heart to win. Jason headed two blocks down the street to Elmore Florist so that he could get Ingrid a dozen or two red roses. She loved roses and he was going to have bouquets delivered to her every hour until she agreed to have dinner with him. As he walked into the flower shop, the clerk, who was about eighteen, shrieked. “Oh my God, it’s Jay Slade.”

The three customers in the store, turned and looked at Jason and smiled. He was glad they were older and probably didn’t listen to his music. They nodded at him as he leaned against the counter. “I need your help,” he said to the clerk.

“Oh, OK,” she said.

“I need three dozen red roses and I need them to be delivered to the same woman at two different addresses. The only problem is, I only have one address,” Jason said.

“Well, I can try and find her address, what’s her name?”

“Ingrid Russ—Harrington.”

“Miss Ingrid from Soul To The Bone. She is so sweet and she’s going to love the flowers.”

“I want the first dozen to go to the restaurant in an hour,” Jason said as he glanced down at his watch. “The second dozen I need delivered about two o’clock and I want the last dozen to show up at her house about five. The only thing is, I don’t have her home address.”

The clerk smiled and started typing rapidly on the computer at the edge of the counter. “I have it in here, everybody sent her flowers when Mr. Louis died. That was so sad.” She looked up from the computer. “How do you and Miss Ingrid know each other?”

“We grew up together and I’ve always had a big crush on her,” Jason said with a wily smile.

The clerk smiled back and handed him three cards to write his message on them. “When you’re finished, may I please have an autograph?” She reached underneath the counter and pulled out Jay Slade’s Twisted CD and a marker. Jason signed the cover after he’d written on the cards to Ingrid. He handed her the cost of the flowers and a hefty tip. “Thank you so much,” he said. As Jason walked out the florist shop, he nodded toward the other ladies, “Have a good day.”





Ingrid walked into the restaurant at eleven-thirty to get ready for the lunch crowd. If breakfast was any indication, there were going to be a lot of people in the restaurant hoping for another Jay Slade sighting. Ingrid hoped he wouldn’t make another appearance as she placed silverware on a table at the front of the restaurant. A half an hour later, the bell chimed above the door and a florist delivery man walked in carrying a dozen roses.

“What’s this, Doug?” Ingrid asked, recognizing him from all the deliveries he’d made to her house following Louis’s death.

“These are for you, Miss Ingrid,” he said as he handed her the heavy crystal vase.

“Thank you,” she said as she walked over to the counter and set the flowers down. Ingrid reached into her pocket and handed him a five dollar bill.

“Oh no, the tip has been taken care of,” he said. “You have a good day.”

As Doug left the restaurant, Ingrid pulled the card out and read it.

Have dinner with me, tonight and I promise you that you’ll remember

how good we were together.

Jason.

Ingrid tossed the card in the trashcan behind the counter and frowned as she fingered the petals on one of the roses. Before she could decide if she was going to meet him for dinner or not, Lois Russell walked into the restaurant with DeShawn.

“Mommy,” DeShawn exclaimed as he rushed over to Ingrid. She leaned down and hugged her son.

“What are you guys doing here?” Ingrid asked her mother as she helped DeShawn on to a bar stool.

“Do I need to make a reservation to see my daughter?” Lois asked as she sat beside her grandson. “Nice flowers. Are they for you?”

Ingrid rolled her eyes. “Yes.”

“Who are they from?” Lois pressed.

“No one important, just a customer. Do you two want some lunch?”

“I want a hamburger!” DeShawn chimed in.

Ingrid looked at her mother. “Why isn’t he in art camp?”

Lois shrugged. “Celina canceled class early. It’s a good thing I didn’t have to get my hair done today or he’d be alone with Christina all day.”

“You say that as if it is a bad thing,” Ingrid said. “Christina is good with him and you’re usually too busy to spend time with either of us.”

Lois fanned her hand at Ingrid. “She’s a wild child. Always has been. I think I’ll have a chicken breast plate with cabbage.”

Ingrid shook her head and turned to Felix to give him the order. “I saw you were crowded this morning, were you giving away food or something?” Lois asked.

“Jason was here.”

“That bastard.”

“Ooh, Grandma said a bad word,” DeShawn said as Ingrid set a glass of milk in front of her son.

“Please watch your language,” Ingrid said shooting an annoyed look at her mother.

“Well, I can’t stand that bad guy. How could he let you marry that old man when he was supposed to love you? You gave up school to run off to New York with him and what do you have to show for it? You’re slinging hash in a greasy spoon when you could’ve been developing websites making hundreds of thousands of dollars. Or you could’ve really gotten into writing. Remember you wanted to write a book or be a journalist. You gave all of that up for his dreams and what did that get you?”

“Ma, I really don’t want to get into this with you today. But the best thing that ever happened to me is sitting right beside you. Louis was good to us and the least I can do for his memory is keep his vision alive,” Ingrid said in a calm voice that belied her anger.

Lois rolled her eyes. “I think you should go back to school and close this place down or at least allow someone else to run it.”

Felix rang the bell alerting Ingrid to the fact that the food was ready. Ingrid was glad that she got a brief reprieve from talking to her mother. When she looked at her faithful cook, he gave her a sympathetic look. Ingrid smiled and took the two plates.

“DeShawn, go wash your hands, ” Ingrid said.

“Yes ma’am,” he said as he hopped off the stool. When her son was out of earshot, Ingrid turned to her mother and shook her head.

“Mother, I know you had expectations for me, but I’m happy and so is DeShawn. I’d appreciate it if you would stop passing judgment on what I’ve done with my life. Because it is my life and not yours.”

Lois dipped her fork in the cabbage. “Fine, but don’t make another mistake and let Jason come back into your life when he just tossed you aside before.”

“That’s not going to happen,” she said unconvincingly.

“Sure, it isn’t. That boy still has his hooks in you. I can see it in your eyes.”

Ingrid was about to protest when the front door opened and fifteen people walked in. She smiled because they were the regular lunch crowd. Dina walked out into the dining room and started seating the regulars. It didn’t take long for Jay Slade fans to show up. Ingrid was tempted to tell them there was a five dollar minimum to sit at the tables and wait for him but she didn’t. She just filled cups with ice tea and served coffee and pie.

“Mommy,” DeShawn said as she walked over to the counter. “Why are there so many people here?”

“The whole town is hungry,” she said. “How was your burger?” Ingrid kissed his cheek.

“It was good,” he said excitedly.

“You might want to limit his red meat intake,” Lois said as she finished up her chicken meal.

“Ma, please,” Ingrid said. She and Lois often battled about the way she was raising DeShawn.

Lois dropped her fork and pushed her plate away. “I’m just trying to help,” she said. The door to the restaurant opened again and Doug walked in with another bouquet of roses. Ingrid sighed because she figured her mother would try to read the card and if she knew the flowers were from Jason, she’d never hear the end of it.

Doug crossed over to Ingrid. “These are for you, again,” he said.

Ingrid took the flowers. “Thank you,” she said. Once again, Doug declined Ingrid’s attempt to tip him.

“It’s been taken care of,” he said then headed out the door.

Ingrid quickly took the flowers into the store room and read the card.

I’m hoping to see you at seven. We can go to the lake and

have dinner. Remember when we used to dream on the

bank of that lake?

Jason.

Ingrid smiled as a memory of the two of them at the lake crossed her mind. She’d given her virginity to Jason there on her seventeenth birthday. They’d crept away from her birthday party at Gilmore Park and gone to the lake with a blanket and two slices of her birthday cake.

“This is so quiet,” she’d said as she and Jason hunkered down on the blanket.

“Happy Birthday,” he said as he’d reached into his pocket and removed a gold locket. “I wanted to give this to you out here. Read the back.”

Ingrid had flipped the locket over and tears welled up in her eyes as she read the inscription. “To the woman I will love forever,” she read. “Jason. . .”

He’d covered her soft lips with his, gently kissing her until she collapsed against his chest. When he’d slipped his hand inside the top of her dress, she hadn’t stopped him as she’d done on another occasion. What Jason didn’t know was Ingrid had made up her mind to have sex with him. She knew that he loved her and she wanted to show him how much she loved him. But she was afraid, Ingrid didn’t know what she was supposed to feel or how her body was supposed to respond to Jason’s kisses and his touch. But the warm feeling that started in the pit of her stomach told her that this was right and it was time for her give herself to him.

His fingers brushed across her nipples and it felt as if electricity had replaced the blood flowing in her veins. Jason had covered her lips with his, this time kissing her with a little more fire and passion. Ingrid wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him closer.

Ingrid shook her head, she didn’t want to think about the lake and the past, she had to focus on the future. But could she have a future with Jason? Not unless you tell him the truth.

That was the one thing she wasn’t ready for.

Ingrid returned to the dining room in time to see her mother and son walking out the door. Moments later, Jason entered the crowded restaurant, drawing squeals and screams from many of the younger patrons. Ingrid willed her heart to calm down and not to show any emotions. Sure she was going to have dinner with him, but that was it. There was no way she would allow herself to get caught up with him when she knew he would only be in her life temporarily.

Jason traversed through the crowd and found Ingrid. “Did you get the flowers?” he asked after saying hello.

“Yes, all of them,” she said, trying to keep a poker face, but a slow smile spread across her face. “Thank you.”

“You can show me your appreciation tonight.”

“At dinner, you mean?”

It was Jason’s turn to smile. “Yes at dinner. At the lake in our special place.”

Before she answered, Ingrid noticed that everyone in the restaurant was watching her and Jason. “Let’s go in the back and talk,” she said.

“All right,” he said as he fell in stride with Ingrid.

Dina flashed him a thumbs up sign when he glanced back at his favorite waitress. Jason returned the sign as he held the door to the kitchen store room open for Ingrid.





Chapter Six


She said talk, Jason thought as Ingrid faced him in the store room. But I have to do this. He stepped closer to her and held her face between his big hands. Her skin was as smooth as Asian silk. He brushed his lips against hers and she moaned softly. Jason sucked on her bottom lip and then slipped his tongue into her mouth. Ingrid pressed her body against his and thrust her tongue deeper into his mouth and buried her fingers in his thick hair. Her bold kiss shocked and excited him at the same time. He wanted to lose himself inside her, feel her thighs wrapped around his waist and the heat radiating from her womanly core. Jason remembered how wet she used to be when they were together. It was like being surrounded by a warm lake on a cold night. Part of him wanted to reach between her thighs and feel her essence, but he focused on the kiss. The sweet taste of her tongue as it rolled across his.

“Ingrid,” he moaned when they broke off the kiss. “I hope that kiss means you’re going to dinner with me tonight and coming to my concert tomorrow.”

She smiled. “I’ll give you dinner, but I can’t go to your concert.”

“Why not? You’ll be my VIP guest.” Jason smoothed his hand across her cheek.

“I don’t have a babysitter lined up and I have had my fill of fighting off your fans,” she said.

“I’m not worried about my fans, I want you there like it was in the . . .”

“Jason, I’m not going to your show. Too much has happened and you may have fond memories of those days, but I don’t.”

He wrapped his arms around Ingrid’s waist. “I’m sorry about that, but things are different now. Just think about coming to the show. We can talk about it over dinner.”

Before Ingrid could protest further, Dina walked into the store room. “Miss Ingrid, sorry to disturb you, but we need you in the dining room. It’s a mad house out here.”

“I’ll be right there,” Ingrid said as Jason dropped his arms from around her.

Dina smiled at them and returned to the dining room. Ingrid shook her head as she looked at Jason. “I’m sure she hated to come back here. Seems like you two have developed quite the relationship.”

Jason shot her a look of embellished innocence. “Whatever do you mean?”

She laughed. “I have to get back to work and the least you can do is make another appearance out here since you’re the reason for the crowd.”

Jason followed Ingrid out to the dining room, keeping his eye on the shapely figure in front of him. He didn’t notice the crowd watching him and waving madly at him because he was lost in the rhythm of Ingrid’s hips. When she stopped in front of him, Jason slammed into her. The crush of softness against his body instantly aroused him and by the flushed color on her cheeks, he knew she felt it too.

“Sorry about that,” he whispered.

Ingrid didn’t respond, she hurried out to her customers and began taking orders.

“Are you working here now?” Christina asked as she slipped onto a bar stool unnoticed by her friend.

“Christina Kyle, how are you?” Jason asked happily as he leaned in to give his friend a hug.

“I’m great, can’t complain because it wouldn’t change anything. It’s good to see you in here with her,” she said as she nodded toward Ingrid.

“Hey, I need a favor,” he said, his eyes sparkling with an idea.

“The last time you said that, Ingrid ended up in New York for three years.” Christina placed her hands flat on the counter and leaned closer to him. “What is it this time?”

“I want her to come to my show in Columbia. She says she has too much stuff to do around here and she doesn’t have a baby sitter.”

Christina smacked her lips. “I can handle the baby sitter part, but I don’t do dishes nor do I serve these self-righteous jackasses around here.”

Jason glanced at Dina. “I got the restaurant covered, but you need to make it seem as if it was your idea.”

Christina nodded as she saw Ingrid walking toward her. “When did you sneak in here?” Ingrid asked.

Christina shrugged, “I had to see why half the town decided they needed to be at Soul To The Bone for lunch. Now, I see why. Hey, the library is having a Batman film festival tomorrow night and I know DeShawn would love it. Can he spend the night with me?”

Ingrid ran her tongue across her full bottom lip and Jason yearned to taste her again. “What are you two scheming over here? I didn’t hear anything about a film festival,” she said.

“That’s because you weren’t listening,” Christina retorted. “Look, they are showing old school Batman from the 1960s and it’s not as dark as the current movies. Besides, DeShawn loves the library.”

“And this sudden movie festival has nothing to do with a certain concert going on tomorrow that I already said I didn’t want to attend?” Ingrid raised her right eyebrow a clear sign that she was annoyed. Jason, who saw the roses she’d put behind the counter, took one of the blooms from the vase and held it out to her.

“If you say/say you care/ then know I will always be there/my heart quakes/my knees shake at the sight of you/keep doing that voodoo that you do,” Jason sang.

The crowd in the restaurant applauded, even though Jason’s song was a new one. A couple of women whispered to each other, “I wish he was singing to me like that.”

Ingrid blushed as Jason continued singing a song that she knew was meant only for her. But a rush of conflicting emotions tore through her soul. Attending the concert would bring back memories that she’d been trying to forget for the last three years. How many times had she dressed in her favorite outfits to have Ruby tell her how fat she looked and how she wasn’t good for Jay Slade’s image. How many times had she stood back stage and listened to reporters ask Jason about his romance with Debony Blair?

“Come on, Ingrid, one night,” he whispered against her ear. The heat from his breath sent a shiver down his spine.

She released a heavy sigh, “Fine, I’ll go. I have to get back to work, but you owe me the star treatment tomorrow.”

“I’ll start on that tonight,” he said with a wink. “But before I go, I want something.”

“In front of all of these people?” Christina asked with a laugh.

Ingrid and Jason looked at her and shook their heads. “I want a chicken plate,” Jason said. “I come here for the food too.”

“And what are you going to do when you leave Elmore and can’t get all of this home cooking,” Christina asked.

Jason smiled and tweaked the end of her nose. “The same thing I’ve been doing for the past three years, ordering it on line.”

Christina and Ingrid shared a look of shock. “You’ve been ordering from my restaurant all of these years?” she asked.

Jason nodded. “At first, I had no idea you had anything to do with this place and then I ordered a red velvet cake for Christmas. I knew it was all you.”

“I used to bake those all the time when we were younger,” she said in a far off voice.

“And they are delicious as ever,” Jason said. “You wouldn’t happen to have some of that cake lying around, do you?”

“No, I don’t, but if you’re extra nice to me, I might bake one.”

Jason kissed Ingrid’s hand. “Thank you,” he said.

While she smiled at him, Ingrid couldn’t help but wonder if she was making a mistake getting too close to him. At some point, she was going to have to tell him the truth and introduce him to his son. How would DeShawn feel about knowing the man he thought was his father wasn’t?

And what about Jay Slade’s tour? His albums and recording career? How can you even think things are going to be any different this time around? Ingrid thought as she turned away from him.

“Dina,” she called out. “I need a chicken plate with all the trimmings.”





By the time the lunch rush was over, Ingrid was still wrangling a crowd at the restaurant because once again, the news of Jay Slade’s appearance at Soul To The Bone had made it through the Elmore grapevine. Ingrid was tempted to charge everyone five dollars to walk in and gawk at Jason. But Dina did a great job of selling pie and coffee to all of the people who came to stare. Jason slipped out of the back when people weren’t paying attention. Before he’d left, he had kissed Ingrid again, sweetly, thanking her for giving him another chance.

It’s just a temporary thing, she thought as she walked back into the dining room. “So,” Christina said. “You two seem to be getting along better.”

“Don’t start.”

“I’m not starting a thing. You’re going out to dinner with him and going to his concert. I just want to know, when are you going to introduce him to DeShawn?”

“Don’t start with me or I won’t save any ice cream for you,” Ingrid said.

“I’m serious,” Christina said leaning into her friend. “If you’re giving him a second chance, he’s going to have to know what happened the first time around.”

“I have stuff to do, so I’ve got to go.”

“You can’t run forever,” Christina said. “What are you going to do when he sees that little boy?”

“Bye,” Ingrid said as she reached underneath the counter and grabbed her purse. As she left the restaurant, a few of the women gave Ingrid a thumbs up sign for hooking Jay Slade. What they didn’t know was that she was afraid to face the truth about DeShawn. She didn’t want her son to have a temporary father and deal with the rejection that she felt when Jason decided his career was more important that their relationship. It had been hard for her as an adult and she could imagine how it would affect her son if his father left him for the glitz and glamour of the music world. “I shouldn’t even go out with him,” she mumbled as she got into her car. But Ingrid couldn’t deny how curious she was about being around Jason again. And she wondered if the passion and fire was still between them? Every time he kissed her, she felt something stirring in her soul, something that she wished could grow. But the road would be calling soon and Jason would have to promote his new music. Then she’d be alone again. Just live in the moment. Don’t think about a future with him because you know there isn’t one.





Jason walked into his hotel room with a smile plastered on his face. Seeing Ingrid smile the way she did and not look at him like she wanted to tear his head off, made him hope that there was a chance for them to build a future. Knowing that he’d sent Ingrid enough roses, Jason decided that he was going to give her something special and something that would show how committed he was to her. He reached into his overnight bag and pulled out the three carat diamond engagement ring that he’d bought for her nearly four years ago. The night he’d intended to give it to her was the night that she’d left him in New York. Would she accept the ring and his promise? Jason knew they couldn’t just pick things up where they left off. But he wanted her to be his again in every way and he was going to make that happen. He was going to make up for the biggest mistake he’d ever made, he just prayed that Ingrid would allow him back in her life. Setting the ring aside, he headed for the shower to get ready for dinner.

Once he was dressed in a pair of form fitting blue jeans, a vintage Jimi Hendrix tee shirt and a pair of leather sandals, Jason slipped the ring in his pocket and headed out the door. When he got to the lobby, Jason stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Ruby and Debony standing at the front desk. What the hell are they doing here? I thought I was going to have a little more time before I had to deal with them.

“Jay Slade,” Debony said excitedly when she spotted him. “I’m so glad you came down to help me with my bags. Am I staying in your room?”

Jason rolled his eyes at Debony, wondering when she’d give up the notion of the two of them being anything more than label mates. Maybe if he weren’t in love with Ingrid, the idea of being with Debony would intrigue him, but she wasn’t the woman he wanted. “I’ve got some place I have to be,” Jason said.

Ruby turned around and shook her head. “I didn’t come all the way down here for you to ditch me.”

“You’re early and I’m not changing my plans for you.”

“When are we going to talk about this contest of yours? Remember it’s you that got me here.”

Jason tugged at his locks, suddenly wishing Ruby would go away. “After the concert, now I’ve got to go.” He bolted out the door, it was nearly seven and he had no intentions of keeping Ingrid waiting.





After tossing aside three outfits, Ingrid was still standing in the middle of her bedroom with only her bra and panties on. “Damn it,” she swore under her breath. Just as she was about to say forget it, her cell phone rang.

“Ingrid, are you dressed yet?” Christina asked.

“No, I have nothing to wear. I’ve been going through this closet for an hour.”

“I know you have a rainbow sundress in your closet. You’re going to the lake, right?”

“Yes, but I don’t want to . . .”

“Ingrid, put on some clothes and get down there to see that man. While you’re at it, get your feet wet and do something you haven’t done since DeShawn was conceived.”

“Nasty!” Ingrid said with a laugh. “Do you really think I’m that easy? If and that’s a big—no huge—if something happens with me and Jason, it will be on my terms.”

“And what are those terms?” Christina asked.

Ingrid looked up at the clock on the wall, “I have to go.”

“Please do something I would do.”

“I’m hanging up,” Ingrid said. She decided to wear the sundress Christina suggested and after putting it on, she realized she should’ve chosen the dress from the start. The soft cotton material clung to her curves and amplified her cleavage. Ingrid slipped her feet into a pair of white ballerina flats. Then she pulled her hair from the ponytail holder and brushed her thick tresses until it glistened. For the first time in months, she applied make up to her unblemished skin. Ingrid’s heart tingled as she thought about seeing Jason at the lake where their relationship came to life. Was tonight about the resurrection of their love?

Stop dreaming. There’s too much hurt and too many lies to just pick up where we left off. He’s still Jay Slade. The only thing that’s different is the fact that he’s in town temporarily. Just go with the flow and don’t think about a future. Ingrid nodded at her reflection and headed to her car.

It was five after seven when Ingrid arrived at the lake. She spotted Jason underneath the same weathered oak tree where they’d made love for the first time. She wished things could’ve remained simple and unchanged and their love uninterrupted. Reality set in and Jason made his choice.

He started toward her, smiling at her as she stepped out of the car. “Wow, you look absolutely amazing,” Jason said once he was inches away from her. He took her hand in his and spun her around. “Lovely.”

“You don’t have to lay it on that thick,” she said, though her heart was beating overtime at the touch of his hand.

Jason led Ingrid over to the clearing where he had a blanket spread across the freshly cut grass. Laid out before her were all of her favorite treats, fresh watermelon, chocolate covered strawberries, cheddar cheese and wheat crackers, grilled chicken breast and steamed broccoli.

“This is nice,” she said.

“I thought you would like it,” he said as he sat down and Ingrid followed suit. “Take your shoes off.”

“Why?” she asked, although she knew Jason was going to give her a massage, like he’d always done when they were together.

He smiled and leaned over her, removing her shoes from her feet. He wrapped his hands around her feet and started a slow massage. Ingrid closed her eyes, reveling in the comforting bliss he was delivering through his fingers. She remembered how Jason would always rub her feet before he’d give her news that she didn’t want to hear. Opening her eyes, she found him staring at her. “What’s wrong?” she asked.

“Nothing. I’m glad you came tonight. Now that we have a chance to be away from the prying eyes and ears of the town, we need to talk.”

Ingrid tensed up immediately. Did he know about DeShawn? “Talk about what?”

“Us.”

Sighing, she ran her fingers though her hair. “There hasn’t been an “us” for a long time,” she replied quietly.

“I wasn’t the one who got married,” he said with a bit of bitterness peppering his tone.

“What was I supposed to do? All I kept seeing were images of you and Debony and Ruby kept telling me that you were sleeping with her. Whenever I wanted to talk to you, it was always the studio, rehearsal or a show. I knew I wasn’t wanted and I left. You made your choice.”

Jason shook his head as he dropped her foot from his hands. “I sent my agent to get you and you turned him away.”

Ingrid furrowed her brows. “What?”

“John had a plane ticket for you the day after I got back and he was supposed to find you and bring you to the Atlanta show.”

“He never came here. The only thing I got from you after I left New York was an ‘I told you so’ e-mail from Ruby with a picture of you and Debony kissing at a club in Atlanta.”

“That scheming bi. . .When my show was over that night, Debony was waiting backstage with your e-mail to Ruby.”

“I never sent that bitch an e-mail! Why would you even think I’d talk to her? If I had something to say to you before I saw those pictures I would’ve gotten in touch with you. But your cell phone number was changed and every time I tried to reach you, I got the run around. Especially from Ruby.”

Jason leaned forward and took Ingrid’s face into his hands. “Is that why you turned to him?”

No, I turned to him because I was pregnant and there was no way I could have my son alone. “We can’t change the past, my husband is dead.”

“But did you love him?”

“Yes,” she said. “It doesn’t matter now, Louis has been gone for nearly a year.”

“How did you meet him?” Jason asked. The warmth from his breath made her spine tingle.

“Jason,” she said turning her head away.

“I spent a lot of time hating this man because he had the one thing that I wanted. At least tell me something about him. Am I going to be competing with a ghost to win you back?”

She wanted to tell him the truth that her love for Louis was akin to a love for a brother. But why should she open up to him when he was only going to be in her life for a short period of time?

“I don’t want to talk about Louis or disrespect his memory. He left a good life for me and DeShawn.”

Jason nodded, seemingly reading between the lines but keeping silent about it. “Can I ask you something,” he said.

“It doesn’t mean I’m going to answer, but go ahead,” she replied.

He smiled and leaned even closer to her lips. “When he kissed you, did you think of me?” Before Ingrid could answer, Jason captured her lips and kissed her breath away. She fell against his chest, kissing his with the same vigor. In the back of her mind, she thought if she kissed him, she could take his questions away. She could make him think of something else and not her marriage.

His hands inched up her thighs and she tensed at his touch. Could she make love to him? Was this moment really about the two of them or was he trying to compete with Louis’s memory?

Pull back, her conscience cried out. But Ingrid continued to kiss him, her tongue dancing against his and her body tingled as his hand touched the v of her thighs.





She was hotter than he remembered, Jason thought as he continued to kiss her senseless. Without thinking of what the feel of her wetness would do to his libido, Jason slipped his finger inside her. He shivered as she trembled. God, she was so tight, so hot and so wet. Jason wanted to bury himself inside her and watch her as she exploded. His erection nearly burst through his zipper. Leaning against her, he pressed his tongue deeper into her mouth. Ingrid groaned and shivered against him. Jason continued his probe with his finger, she was wetter and wetter. She squirmed underneath his touch and he wanted to become one with her, wanted to feel her tightness around him and swim in her hot fluids until he drowned from them. He pulled back from Ingrid, opening his eyes because he wanted to see the look of desire on her face. She was beautiful. The slight smile that curved her lips had haunted his dreams for the past few years. Jason stroked her cheek. “Ingrid,” he breathed. “I want you so badly.”

Her eyes fluttered open. “Jason,” she replied breathlessly. “We know whatever we’re doing isn’t going to last.”

“What?” he asked, pushing back from her.

Ingrid expelled a frustrated breath. “Are you going to act as if three years ago didn’t happen? You’re an even bigger star now, Jason. How long can I expect you to stay in South Carolina? I accept that and I want you too.”

He shook his head, hoping that he’d somehow misunderstood what Ingrid was saying to him. “You think I just want casual sex from you? Baby, if that was what I was after, I wouldn’t be here.”

“Then why are you here, Jason?” she asked.

“Because three years ago, I was an asshole and let you. . .”

“How about you pushed me out of your life,” Ingrid interjected.

Jason took her face in between his hands. “Either way, I was wrong and I should’ve been the man you married. I still love you and I’ve never stopped. I won’t leave until you tell me you feel the same way.”





Chapter Seven


Ingrid wanted to tell Jason that she loved him as much as she did the day she’d left New York. She wanted to confess that he was really her son’s father and that her marriage was in name only. But fear silenced her tongue. What if Jason chose his career again? He wouldn’t just be leaving her, but their son as well. It was bad enough that DeShawn had to deal with losing Louis, he couldn’t lose another father.

“Jason, this isn’t going to work. While you’re here, I’m willing to play your game and be what you need, temporarily. I don’t need you to make promises that I know you can’t keep,” she said, though the words couldn’t have been further from the truth. Ingrid wanted to love him forever and have that life that they’d dreamed of all those years ago. But she couldn’t get past the pain and betrayal of having those dreams blow up in her face one more time.

“Do you really such a low opinion of me? I wouldn’t be back in your life if. . .”

Ingrid placed her finger to Jason’s lips. “Your intentions maybe good, but what happens when you have to go on the road to promote your next album or have to go one a world tour?”

“Then you go with me. You and your little boy.”

“What about my business? My restaurant may not be a multimillion dollar empire, but it means a lot to me. I can’t just pick up and leave because it suits you and your needs. Those days are over! And if you think anything comes before my son, you’re wrong.”

“What’s with the anger?” Jason asked in an exasperated breath.

Ingrid closed her eyes. She’d been angry three years ago when she learned the truth about Jason and Debony. But she’d thought time had dulled that fiery rage. Apparently not, she realized as she looked up at him. Now was her chance to release the pent up emotions she hid in the deepest and darkest parts of her mind. The disappointment of having her mother’s words being proven right; the ache of losing another man she loved and the betrayal. “You deserve it. I don’t even know why I agreed to this or why I’m even thinking about letting you in my panties. Do you know how humiliated I felt when you walked out on me that night? Did you not realize that I was trying to say something to you?”

“I had to do a show and I thought you would be there when I got back. What were you going to tell me that you met that Louis guy?”

“Obviously, you didn’t give a damn about what I had to say because you left! Five minutes was all I needed that night. And you wouldn’t give it to me. You walked out on me just like my father; just like you swore you wouldn’t.”

“That’s right, I left to do my job.” Jason reached into his pocket and pulled out the ring he’d intended on giving Ingrid when he proposed. “And I returned with this and you were gone.”

“Was I supposed to stick around when you couldn’t answer a simple question? Were you or were you not sleeping with Debony?”

“No, I wasn’t and I didn’t while we were together,” he said.

“Not while we were together? So, the moment I left, you hopped into bed with her?”

Jason rose to his feet, shoving his hands in his pockets. “As if you have room to talk. As soon as you left me, you married another man and had his child. You’re not innocent, Ingrid.”

“I’m out of here,” she snapped as she grabbed her shoes and stood up. Jason reached out for her and Ingrid whirled around, expecting to see more anger etched across his face. Instead, she saw a contrite man.

“There’s a lot of bad water underneath our bridge. It’s stagnant, not moving forward and it can’t go backward. I want to change that because I still love you and I don’t care what happened three years ago, three days ago or three minutes ago. Can we move forward and can we try our love again?”

“Jason,” she whispered. “I don’t know if I can. . .”

He took her right hand in his and slipped the ring on her finger. “Please, think about it, seriously consider it. Ingrid, I’d give up the touring and everything just to have you back in my life.”

She looked down at the ring, surprised that it fit her perfectly. Ingrid shook her head. “How can I allow you to give up your dream for me? All of those years when you were trying to make a name for yourself would be for nothing.”

“Not for nothing, for you.”

Tears welled up in Ingrid’s eyes, threatening to spill over as she peered at Jason. There was so much she needed to say. But she still wasn’t sure that she could trust that he wouldn’t heed the call of the entertainment world again. She knew how important it had been for him to get away from Elmore and the horrors of his youth. And then there was Debony and Ruby. She knew they were still major parts of his life. How could she see him around the sultry singer and not think about him sleeping with her all over again?

Before Ingrid could say anything, the sky quickly turned dark and thunder boomed in the distance. “It’s going to rain, we’ve got to get out of here,” she said.

“Can we go back to your place and finish this conversation?”

“Umm, why don’t we go to your hotel?” The last thing Ingrid wanted was for Christina to show up with DeShawn. Though she hadn’t admitted it to her friend, Ingrid saw how much the little boy looked like his real father. She also knew that people whispered about DeShawn and how much he didn’t look like Louis. Thankfully, no one -- but Christina -- had the nerve to say something about it to her face.

“All right,” he replied without question. Seconds later, a hard and fast rain began to fall. They dashed to their cars and Ingrid prayed that once they made it to his hotel room that she would be able to fight the urge to make love to him as she’d come so close to doing at the lake.

The moment she walked into the hotel, Ingrid knew she and Jason wouldn’t be making love at all.

“What the hell is she doing here?” Ingrid asked Jason as soon as she spotted Debony standing at the front desk.



Jason wished he would’ve pressed Ingrid about going to her place instead of going back to the hotel. He knew that Ruby and Debony were staying there, but he hadn’t expected to run into them. Especially not Debony.

“It’s not what you think,” he said in a hushed tone.

“I’m out of here and to think I almost fell for your bullshit,” Ingrid exclaimed. Debony turned around and gave Ingrid the once over before saying, “Jay Slade, I’m glad you finally came back. Is there any place decent to eat in the sticks?” She sneered at Ingrid. “Maybe I should ask you that. You sure look as if you haven’t missed a meal.” Jason grabbed Ingrid’s hand because the shift in her body language told him that Debony was close to getting a smack in the face. “Debony, why don’t you finish your conversation with the front desk clerk?”

She sauntered over to the couple and ran her hand against Jason’s cheek as if he were standing there alone. “I’d much rather talk to you,” she said.

Ingrid tore her hand from Jason’s and turned toward the door. Jason pushed Debony aside and followed her. “Ingrid,” he said once he caught up with her outside.

“What? You didn’t tell me that your friend was here? And why is she here?”

“I meant to tell you. Ruby and Debony are here because I suggested that the record company do a talent search in Elmore. After my concert, we’re going to do a big announcement.”

Ingrid folded her arms across her chest and glowered at Jason. “And after what I said to you at the lake, you didn’t think you should’ve told me she was here?”

“Well, well,” Ruby said as she walked up to the couple carrying a bag of food from Soul To The Bone. “Look at this. Just like the old days."

Ingrid looked at Ruby and saw that she was still trying to fashion herself after Beyoncé Knowles. “Jason, I’m gone,” Ingrid said, refusing to let Ruby goad her.

“Wait,” Jason said, following Ingrid as she walked away. He reached out for her, but Ingrid sped up and got into her car without looking back or saying a word to him.

“Damn, who knew a big girl could move that fast,” Ruby said snidely.

Jason whirled around and faced her. “Shut the hell up and stay away from me and Ingrid or I’m out of here and the contest is off. Because if you haven’t forgotten, my contract with Def Jam has been fulfilled,” he growled.

“This country crap was your idea. If I have to stay here and put this contest together alone. . .”

“That’s just what’s going to happen if you or Debony step to me and Ingrid again. I know about your underhanded trick three years ago. Try something like that again and you will regret it.”

Ruby stretched her eyes and tried to pretend she didn’t know what Jason was talking about. “Jay Slade, three years ago? That’s the past, let’s just move on and do what we have to do to make your contest a success. You’re going to need to focus on something other than Ingrid.”

“I can conduct business and run my personal life. You don’t need to worry about what I’m doing when we’re not working out the details of the contest.”

“I thought we were friends,” Ruby said with a sugary tone. “And are you forgetting that I made you?”

“And here I thought my talent made me,” Jason snapped.

“Image sells and I created your image and that fat. . .” He grabbed Ruby’s arm.

“Don’t you dare say another word,” he growled. “Ingrid is more woman than you’ll ever be and I’m not going to stand here and let you insult her.”

“Get your damned hands off me. Stand here and pretend that you’d have a career without me if you want. I know what the public wants and they don’t want to see you with a woman like Ingrid. Debony and the rumor of your relationship with her created a buzz that you couldn’t buy. Now, you want to sacrifice all of that to get another taste of home cooking. You want to be the next D’Angelo?”

Jason dropped his hand from her arm and gave her a slight push. “Stay out of my personal business or you will regret it.” He took off for his car, hoping to find Ingrid and making things right with her.





Ingrid cursed herself as she pulled into the parking lot of Soul To The Bone. How could she allow herself to get caught up in Jason’s web again? And to think she was ready to consider telling him the truth about why she left, her marriage and their son. But her first instincts had been dead on. Jason hadn’t changed. He was still Jay Slade and as long as he was this superstar, he couldn’t have a meaningful role in her life and he could not know DeShawn was his son.

Ingrid climbed out of her car slowly, thinking this was not how her evening was supposed to go.

“Miss Ingrid, what are you doing here?” Dina asked. “You look so pretty.”

Ingrid offered her waitress a half smile. “Why don’t you go home and I’ll close up.”

Dina looked up at the clock. “You want to be by yourself for two hours?”

Ingrid looked around the restaurant happy to see only regular customers sitting at the bar and at two tables in the back. “I think I can handle this crowd,” she replied. “Besides, you’ve been working hard and you deserve some time to yourself.” She headed behind the counter and checked the coffee to make sure it was fresh before she refilled Damien Richardson’s cup.

“You look like you should be on a date, not in here serving me coffee,” he said as he sipped his java.

“Now, Damien, why are you acting as if you’ve never seen me in a dress before?”

“Church doesn’t count, all women look good at church,” he said with a hardy laugh.

Ingrid reached underneath the counter and pulled out an apron. “Well, I just wanted to change it up a bit.”

Damien laughed again. “Since you’re here, I guess I’ll have another piece of cherry pie.”

“All right,” she said as she headed for the cooler to slice Damien a piece of pie. “When your wife starts complaining about your midsection getting rounder, make sure you tell her it was your idea for the second piece of pie.”

“You better cut me another slice, then. I’ll take it home to her. We can get round together.”

Ingrid felt her heart shudder. She thought that she and Jason would’ve had that kind of life. She’d thought that once he made his dreams come true that he would make good on all of the promises he’d made her. But her dreams of being Mrs. Jason Campbell crashed and burned as Jay Slade rose to the top of the charts. It’s for the best. You would always have to worry about what the media would say about you and what those bloggers would write about you. Your life is now in Elmore and Jason’s life is where ever he wants to go. I’m not going to keep wondering what if. The only thing that Jason and I can have are a few rolls in the hay, if that. Now that Debony and Ruby are back, I probably won’t see him again.

After she served Damien another slice of pie and boxed up two pieces for him and his wife, she headed to the two patrons in the back of the restaurant to refill their iced teas and coffees. When the bell dinged, signaling that someone had entered the restaurant, Ingrid didn’t have to turn around to see who it was. The woman who’s iced tea she’d just refilled nearly knocked her glass over as she howled, “It’s Jay Slade.”

Ingrid turned around and looked past Jason as she headed behind the counter to replace the pitcher and coffee pot.

“Ingrid,” he said as he crossed over to the counter. “Can we talk?”

“I’m busy and I don’t know what’s left to say.”

Dina burst through the kitchen door with her purse on her shoulder. “Miss Ingrid, do you still want me to go home?”

“Yes, Dina, thank you,” Ingrid said.

Dina looked from Jason to Ingrid and felt as if going home was the right thing for her to do.

When Dina walked out the door, Ingrid shook her head, not wanting to cause a scene in front of her customers. Jason, sensing what Ingrid was doing, took a seat at the bar beside Damien.

“Is the pie good?” he asked the older man.

“Sure is,” he replied beaming from ear to ear. “My daughters love your music. They find it hard to believe that you grew up here.”

“Can your girls sing?” Jason asked.

Damien shook his head and let out a boisterous laugh. “Those girls couldn’t carry a tune if it had a handle super glued on it. Now, my niece, she can sing.”

“You make sure she comes to the competition that’s going to start up next week,” Jason said.

Damien nodded, “I’m going to do that.” He picked up his hat and box of pie. “Miss Ingrid, give this man some cherry pie and I’m going to see you tomorrow.” He rose from the stool and headed out the door.

“Bye Damien,” Ingrid said with forced gaiety. Why couldn’t Jason leave too?

“Where’s my pie?” he asked with more sensuality than the law should’ve allowed.

Give him the pie and remember that you’re mad at him! “What do you want, Jason?” Ingrid asked quietly, noticing that her last two customers were watching her every move.

“I want to talk to you about what happened.”

“Nothing happened and nothing has changed. As long as those women are in your life, I won’t be.”

“Ruby and Debony are business,” he said as he reached across the counter and stroked her arm. “You’re the one I want and need in my life.”

“Aww,” the woman at the table exclaimed.

Ingrid shot her an irritated look. “Do you need anything else?” she asked.

The woman’s companion shook his head. “Miss Ingrid, we just need the check and we’ll be out of your hair.”

“I’m not ready to go,” the woman said.

Her date shot her a cautioning glance. “It’s getting late, Leslie.”

“Evan.”

“Let’s go,” he said as he stood up.

“Fine,” she said as she followed his lead.

Ingrid walked over to the register and took their money. She thanked them for coming to the restaurant and handed Evan his change.

“You can keep it,” he said. “Sorry about my wife, she’s just nosy and excited that a star is in town.”

Leslie had walked over to Jason and snapped a picture of him with her cell phone and got him to sign her napkin.

Once the couple was gone, Jason walked over to the front door and locked the door. “Ingrid, I didn’t come back here to let you walk out of my life again.”

“Who said I’m walking back into your life?”

He strode over to her and crossed the counter. “I say it. When we were at the lake, I felt something and so did you.”

“Lust, heat, both of us being horny,” she said, downplaying the truth of what she felt.

Jason closed the sliver of space between them, then enveloped her in his arms. “You’ve never been good at hiding the truth.”

You really don’t know me, she thought as she stared up at him. “Jason, this isn’t going anywhere.”

“You can see into the future now?”

“Your past precedes you.” Her voice took on a breathless tone as her heartbeat sped up. Jason’s lips were mere inches from hers.

“We both made mistakes, we can either move on or continue to wonder what if. And before you say you don’t care or you don’t think about what we could’ve had, I know you do. If you didn’t, you wouldn’t be trembling in my arms right now.”

She couldn’t deny what he was saying was true, but there was no way that she’d admit it.

“You have business to take care of and so do I,” she said.

Jason captured her lips and kissed her with an intense passion that made her knees quiver and quake. Soft moans that sounded foreign to her ears filled the air. The moans were hers and she knew that she wouldn’t sleep tonight until she felt Jason inside of her. Until she felt his lips against her breasts and between her thighs. It didn’t matter to her that she’d been trying to talk herself out of being with Jason, all that mattered was her yearning for him.

Ingrid pulled back from him. “Let’s get out of here.”

“Are you sure?”

“If we don’t leave now, I’m going to change my mind.”

“My hotel?”

“Hell no. We can go to my place.”





Chapter Eight


Jason and Ingrid hurried out of the restaurant, making sure the doors were locked and the day’s take was securely locked in the safe. She sped down the road to her house. Jason stayed close behind her, shifting the gears in his Mustang frantically. When she stopped in front of her split level brick house, Jason thought about the house he’d buy for her and their family. It would be larger than this one, he thought.

He and Ingrid emerged from their cars simultaneously. The sexual energy between them seemed to crackle in the night air. Jason was sure that if it started raining again, steam would radiate from his body when the drops hit his skin. He was hot for Ingrid, though there was still a lot they needed to discuss. At that moment, though, the only thing he wanted to do was take Ingrid into his arms and kiss her until she melted. She looked at him with a hungry gleam in her eyes. “Let’s go inside,” she said. “Before your fans come out of the woodwork.”

Jason tugged at Ingrid’s arm as she turned to walk up the front steps. “Is it always this quiet out here?”

“You haven’t been gone that long, it’s always quiet.”

“And your neighbors can’t see over that privacy fence?” he questioned.

Ingrid furrowed her brows as Jason walked her up the steps and planted her in the rocking chair on the edge of the wrap around porch. “What are you doing?” she asked when he dropped to his knees. Jason didn’t answer her as he snaked his hand up her calf.

“Jason,” she moaned as his hand reached her inner thigh.

“Shh,” he commanded softly as he slipped his finger inside her silky panties. Ingrid gasped as his finger teased her wet folds of flesh. With his other hand, Jason stroked her thigh causing her to tremble, grow wetter and hotter. Plunging deeper into her valley, he found her center, her sweet, throbbing bud. Licking his lips, Jason pushed the crotch of her panties to the side, then he eased down her body and planted his face between her thighs. Ingrid shifted in her seat, thrusting her hips forward into Jason’s lips. He held her hips tightly as he slowly kissed her puckering lips, then in a swift motion, he darted his tongue between those lips. Ingrid shivered as he repeated the motion two times and then he sucked gently on her throbbing bud. Moaning, Ingrid arched her back and gave Jason full access to her passion. Using his fingers and his tongue, Jason sent ripples of pleasure throughout her body. He lapped up the sticky sweet nectar that poured from her body. “Ooh,” Ingrid moaned as Jason pressed his tongue deeper inside her. She clasped her thighs against his head, urging him to give her more. Jason was more than happy to oblige and increased the intensity of his kiss, lavishing her slick bud with his tongue. She felt her climax building, it had been so long since she’d felt this way, since her body had sang such a sensual tune. It had been so long since her body had been kissed and caressed. Just as she was about to explode, Jason pulled back.

“Are you okay?” he asked.

“Yes,” she breathed.

“I want to make love to you and I want you to let go,” he said. “I want you to give me every part of you, the good, the bad and the sexy. Can you do that?”

“Yes,” she said as she took Jason’s outstretched hand and rose to her feet. Ingrid unlocked the front door, her hands shivering as she placed the key in the lock. When she opened that door, she knew there would be no turning back. Every rational thought in her head was silenced by her yearning and hunger for Jason.

When she unlocked the door, Jason pushed it open and walked in behind her. Tugging at her waist, he turned her around and pressed his body against hers. He sought out her lips and kissed her long and slow. Ingrid’s knees buckled as his hands roamed her back. The feel of his hot hands against her skin sent jolts through her system. He reached up and gripped her shoulders, slipping the straps of her dress down until her bra was exposed. Jason massaged her breasts, easing his hands inside the cups of her bra. Her nipples were hard and begging for him taste them. Breaking off the kiss, Jason led her over to the leather sofa.

“Jason,” she said. “We can’t do this here.”

“I know. This is just a start,” he said before kneeling and taking one of her firm breasts into his mouth. Flicking his tongue across her nipple, caused Ingrid to howl in delight. Her body was tense with desire and she wanted him inside her immediately. Jason continued traversing her body with his tongue, tasting the sweetness of her body and remembering how he used to relish kissing her. He slipped one hand between her thighs, seeking her wetness – again. Jason stroked her back and forth as he continued kissing her breasts and suckling them with an ardent fever. Ingrid squirmed and moaned as her desire pooled between her thighs, drenching his hand.

“Jason,” she called out in a staggered breath. “Need. You. Now.”

“Where’s your bedroom?” he asked as he released her nipple from his mouth.

Unable to speak, she pointed at the stairs. Jason stood and allowed Ingrid to lead him up the stairs. He couldn’t wait to lay her body against her sheets and melt with her. As Ingrid walked into her bedroom, she unzipped her dress, allowing it to fall at her feet. Jason grabbed her hand and spun her around. “You’re beautiful,” he said as he drank in every detail of her body. She was thick in the right places, her hips were round and there was enough junk in her trunk to keep his desire growing. But more than anything, Ingrid looked like a real woman, not some airbrushed stick figure that society thought women should be. He loved her curves and was more than excited to be able to ride them again.

Ingrid didn’t feel uncomfortable under Jason’s appreciative gaze. He made her feel desirable as he licked his lips while he spun her around. Smiling at him, she said, “I want to see you now.”

Jason dropped her hand and stripped out of his shirt and slacks. Ingrid’s breath caught in her chest as she took in his chocolate body clad only in a pair of snug boxer briefs. Her gaze fell to his protruding erection that threatened to burst through his underwear. He’d always had a great body, she thought but over the years, he’d worked extra hard on building a set of rock hard abs, strong arms that looked as if they were chiseled by Auguste Rodin, and thighs of steel. Yes, he was a bonafide sex symbol, and at least for the night, he was all hers.

She lay seductively on the bed and wiggled her forefinger at Jason, beckoning him to join her. He strode to the bed, climbed in beside her. He drew her into his arms and they connected instantly. Ingrid took the lead in a slow kiss that sent tingles from the top of his head to the tips of his toes. Jason reached down and wrapped her leg around his waist as Ingrid slipped her hand inside his underwear, gripping his cock with a tender touch. He moaned as her hand moved up and down, fast then slow. Slower, faster, slower, faster. She nearly brought him to climax as she stroked him and ran her tongue across his lips. He needed her right now. He reached down and peeled her panties off, inserting his finger inside her to torture her as she had been doing to him. Jason wiggled out of his underwear when it became evident that Ingrid wasn’t going to stop stroking him.

“I need to be inside you,” he moaned as they broke off their kiss.

“Protection first,” she said.

Jason nodded, wishing she was his wife and they wouldn’t have to worry about that detail. Easing away from her, he grabbed his discarded slacks and retrieved a condom from his wallet. In a quick motion, he opened the prophylactic and slipped it in place. Turning around, he saw Ingrid’s eyes sparkling in the darkness. She wanted him just as much as he wanted her. She propped herself up on her knees and opened her arms to him as he made his way to the bed. He unsnapped Ingrid’s bra and made quick work of removing it as he joined her on the mattress. “I want you so bad,” he said before bringing his lips down on her neck. She parted her thighs and thrust into him. Jason was enveloped by her warmness immediately. Not only was she hot, but tight as well. As he ground slowly against her, he wonder how long had it been since she’d been loved the right way. Gripping her hips, Jason slid back so that he was lying flat and Ingrid was on top of him. He could feel her juices spilling down on him as she gyrated against him. He was in total bliss as she tightened her walls around him, seemingly milking his essence out of him.

“Yes, yes,” Ingrid moaned as Jason pumped his hips into hers and palmed her breasts.

“You feel so good, so good,” he said as he lifted his head to take her nipple into his mouth. She arched her back as she felt her orgasm approaching. Jason was near climax as well and he exploded when Ingrid clasped her legs around his waist and reached her own release. Ingrid rested her head on his chest and Jason stroked her smooth back. Neither of them said a word as they held each other. Jason’s mind drifted to a day in the future when he would wake up every morning with Ingrid in his arms and Ingrid caught herself thinking about all the nights that she’d gone to sleep in his arms with his lips brushing against hers.

Before either of them knew it, they were both asleep.





Ingrid shifted her hips as she felt a strong arm around her. Opening her eyes, she realized that she hadn’t been dreaming. Jason was still holding her. The first rays of the sun began to stream through her peach curtains. Normally, she’d rush out of bed as soon as the sun hit her face, but today, she decided that she’d give herself a few more minutes in this fantasy. She nestled against Jason and closed her eyes. The last thing she remembered was his lips against her neck before she heard, “Mommy!”





Jason opened his eyes and stared at the little boy who’d wandered in to the bedroom. He knew he wasn’t dreaming, but how could Ingrid’s son with another man look so much like him? The little boy had the same unruly mass of curls that Jason had when he was younger. He was about two shades lighter than him, taking his complexion from his mother, but those eyes. Those were Campbell eyes.

“DeShawn!” Christina called as she padded up the stairs. “I think you should . . .”

She stopped talking when she reached Ingrid’s bedroom door and saw that her godson had already made his big entrance. “Oh my God.”

“Christina, why didn’t you call first?” Ingrid asked as she wrapped the sheet around her body to cover her nudity. Jason just stared at the little boy that he knew had to be related to him in some way.

“Mommy, did you have a sleep over?” DeShawn asked.

“Yes,” she said curtly. “Now, you have to let me get. . .Go to your room and get ready for camp. I need to talk to your auntie.”

“Ingrid,” Jason said, forcing her to stop and face him.

Christina shrugged her shoulders and Jason didn’t miss the heated looks between the best friends.

“Jason, I have to tend to my son,” Ingrid said, clearly flustered.

“Your son? Don’t you mean our son?”

“I mean just what I said. I knew this was a mistake, I knew it,” she exclaimed as she crossed over to the closet and grabbed her robe from the back of it. Christina stood in the doorway, not knowing if she should stay or go. She wanted to hear the truth just as much as Jason did. As Ingrid attempted to walk out of the room, Jason grabbed her arm. “Is that little boy mine?”

“No,” she said thinly. “He’s not. When I come back, please be dressed and ready to leave.” She snatched away from him and pushed Christina out of her way.

“Chrissy,” Jason said. “Is that my son? I know she would’ve told you.”

“Jason, unless you’re blind, you don’t need me to answer that question. But Ingrid says Louis is DeShawn’s father. That’s what people believe and that’s what she has always told him. But you know the truth.”

“Why would she keep this from me? How could she. . .”

“Wait a minute, now, do you think it was easy for her? You hurt her, choosing your career and when she needed you—where were you? On stage or with that non-singing Debony heifer? So before you think about passing judgment on my friend, you better look at what you did wrong too.”

Jason shook his head. “I know I messed up,” he said. “And the last thing I want is to pass judgment on Ingrid. But how could she keep this from me?”

“Keep what from you?” Ingrid asked, appearing behind Christina and Jason.

“That little boy,” he said succinctly.

“My son is none of your concern and I’d appreciate it if you would leave,” Ingrid said. She walked into her bedroom and then headed into the bathroom and slammed the door.

“I think you should leave,” Christina said. “I’ll try to talk to her.”

Jason nodded as he grabbed his clothes and headed into the bathroom in the hallway. After he was dressed, he wanted to slip into DeShawn’s room and look at him again. He was sure that the little boy was his son. The way he walked, it reminded him of his days as a child. Despite the cold feeling in the pit of his stomach and the little voice telling him that he should wait until Ingrid introduced him to DeShawn, he crept across to the little boy’s room. From the door, he watched as he picked up his art supplies. Jason was about to leave when the little boy looked up at him.

“Hey, mister, what are you doing here?” DeShawn asked.

“I was just leaving,” Jason said as he stared at his spitting image.

“How do you know my mommy?”

“We’re old friends,” he said. “How old are you?”

DeShawn stuck his chest out and smiled. “Three.”

The air in his lungs constricted. Three? That meant he was probably . . . “You’re a big boy,” Jason said. “I’ll see you around, okay.” He bounded down the steps and tried to wrap his mind around what was going on. That little boy was his son and he was going to make Ingrid admit it.





“Is he gone?” Ingrid asked Christina from behind the bathroom door.

“Yes,” she said. “Why are you acting like a coward?”

Ingrid walked out of the bathroom and frowned at her friend. “Why didn’t you call me this morning?”

“I did, but it seems as if you didn’t hear the phone,” she said with a smile on her face. “And from what I saw . . .”

“Save it. What you saw is nothing compared to what DeShawn saw. How am I going to explain this to him?”

“He thinks you had a sleep over. The question is, how are you going continue to pretend Louis Harrington is that boy’s father?”

Ingrid folded her arms across her chest. “Get out.”

“We’ll talk later and I want the truth. Jason is going to want the truth, too, and sooner or later, you’re going to have to tell that little boy the truth as well.”

That day isn’t going to be today, Ingrid thought as Christina walked into the hallway to meet DeShawn. When she was alone, Ingrid threw herself across the bed. This was madness and not how she wanted Jason to see DeShawn. She hadn’t wanted him to see DeShawn at all. There was no way that she wanted her son to lose another father and she didn’t want Jason to feel as if he was obligated to her because they made a child together.

Why did you have to die, Louis? You were supposed to take care of this and make me forget about Jason and the fact that he was DeShawn’s father. You were supposed to be here watching my back. Why did you have to go to Atlanta that night? You could’ve stayed overnight and you might be here to help me stay away from that man.

Ingrid sighed and closed her eyes. Louis had a secret of his own and the night that she’d walked into his restaurant, he’d revealed it.

“This town is full of closed minded people isn’t it?” he’d asked.

Ingrid had nodded as she stuck her fork into a slice of pie. “I guess not much has changed.”

“I reckon not,” he’d replied. “At least I’m picking up the language.”

Ingrid laughed. “Well, you don’t sound authentic yet. Not enough twang. Why in the world would you leave New York to come here?”

“A bad break up.”

Ingrid took a bite of the pie and nodded. “I know the feeling,” she’d replied after swallowing the sweet confection. Looking at Louis, she could admit that he was a handsome man, even pretty. His ebony skin had looked as smooth as silk and when he smiled it reminded her of Denzel Washington in Mississippi Masala. He even shared the same type of closely cropped haircut as Washington. “I bet she didn’t expect you to move this far away to get over her,” Ingrid had remarked as she polished off the pie.

Louis laughed and shook his head. “I’m pretty sure he doesn’t even know I’m gone.”

To his surprise, Ingrid hadn’t flinched or recoiled in disgust at his statement. Though she had been shocked, Ingrid knew she was in no position to pass judgment on Louis and his lifestyle. That didn’t mean the rest of the town was going to feel that way.

“It’s his loss,” Ingrid had replied. “Your ex and my ex lost the best things that would ever happen to their sorry behinds.”

He smiled and gave her a tight hug just as the door opened to the restaurant. “Ingrid Russell?” Anna Belle had questioned. “I thought you were in New York with Jason, I mean, Jay Slade. What are you doing here?”

“Eating dinner with my fiancé,” Ingrid had said before she even thought about it.

“Fiancé? Him? Mr. Harrington? But I thought he was . . .How did you meet him?’

“As if it’s any of your business, we met in New York while Jason was on tour,” Ingrid lied.

“That’s right,” Louis had chimed in. “She told me so much about Elmore that I wanted to come here and open this restaurant. What can I get for you?”

“Two chicken dinners,” Anna Belle had said as she slipped into the booth across from Ingrid. When Louis went into the kitchen, she leaned in to Ingrid. “No offense, but the rumors have been swirling around that he’s gay. That’s why no one comes in here too much. But the food is great.”

“Louis is far from gay,” Ingrid had lied. “We’re getting married soon.”

“But why did you leave Jason?”

“People change.”

Anna Belle gave Ingrid a critical eye. “Really. So, those rumors about him and Debony were true, huh?”

Louis returned to the table before Ingrid had a chance to answer. “You and my Ingrid went to school together? I assume that because there’s only one high school here.”

Anna Belle had nodded. “Yes. I know people are going to be excited about this wedding.”

“We’re not making a big production of it,” Louis had replied. “After all, we have a business to run.”

“But there will be wedding day specials on the menu,” Ingrid had added. “Make sure you bring your whole family.”

When Louis packed up Anna Belle’s food and she’d paid for it then left the restaurant he’d focused his attention on Ingrid. “So, I’m your fiancé now?” he’d said in a low voice.

“I’m sorry if I overstepped my bounds,” she’d said contritely. “But I know Elmore. People were already spreading rumors about your sexuality according to Anna Belle. Hell, she was probably leading the charge. There are two things that folks in this town don’t approve of.” Ingrid patted her stomach. “Single mothers, which I will be soon, and gay people, which is why your lovely establishment is empty.”

“I think you’re right. But telling people we’re getting married? We’re going to have to do it and you know it will be in name only.”

Ingrid nodded and Louis walked over to the counter to cut two more slices of pie. Then he brought them over to the table and sat across from Ingrid. “Okay,” he’d said, “so when are we going to do this?”

Ingrid shook her head, clearing the memory of that night and realizing that she had to focus on the present and keeping Jason away from her and DeShawn.





Chapter Nine


Jason couldn’t take his mind off seeing Ingrid’s son as he headed back to the hotel. Was he a father? The boy’s age and his resemblance to him made Jason believe he was the father. Though he knew he needed to get ready for his show in Columbia, Jason wasn’t going to make a move until he knew the truth about why she kept this from him. Ingrid knew more than anyone else that he would’ve done the right thing. He’d already planned to marry her and after the father he had, he would’ve been everything his son needed.

“There you are, finally,” Ruby said when Jason walked into the lobby.

“You know what, I don’t feel like dealing with you this morning,” he snapped.

“Too bad,” Ruby said as she picked up her paper plate of fruit and day old muffins from the front desk. “We have a show to get ready for.”

“We don’t have to get ready for shit and I have more pressing matters to consider. My show is at eight, I can do sound check at six and Columbia is only about an hour and a half away. Don’t come at me with your shit this morning,” he said.

“Feuding with the fat girl already?” Ruby asked before popping a grape in her mouth. “You came all the way back here just to fight with her?”

Jason side stepped her and headed for his room. He knew he had to prepare for his show, but if that little boy was his son, nothing else would matter and Ruby could choke on her damned breakfast. As he unlocked the door and walked into his room, Jason was shocked to see a naked Debony sleeping in the middle of his bed. Here was another distraction that he didn’t need.

Slamming the door, Jason shook his head as she sat up in the bed. “What the hell are you doing here?” he demanded.

“I was waiting on you,” she said through a yawn.

“How in the hell did you get in here?” Jason asked, leaning against the door and shaking his head. Her body was an amazing testament to silicone injections. But Jason had no desire to go there again.

Debony rose from the bed and sauntered over to him and stood inches from him. “You know, people around here aren’t used to seeing stars, so when I flashed a smile and told the desk clerk how close we were and I was given a key.” She shrugged her shoulders. “That would’ve never happened in L.A.”

“Get some clothes on and get the hell out of here,” Jason said through clenched teeth.

“You know, I don’t appreciate the way you’re treating me,” she said, slapping her hands on her hips.

He shrugged his shoulders. “I really don’t give damn what you think. Now, go.”

Jason stalked into the bathroom and waited until he heard the door slam. He wished that he’d taken Chrissy’s number down because he needed to talk to her. He wondered if Ingrid would still come to the concert or if she was going to stay away because of what happened in her house this morning? Jason knew if he wanted her to talk to him, he was going to have to get her alone. Jason pulled out his cell phone and called his tour manager, Terry Bradshaw, who was already in Columbia.

“Jay, what’s up?” he asked. “Man, Ruby has been calling me all morning! What’s wrong with that bitch?”

“T, man, you know how she does,” Jason said. “But I need a favor. I have guest who may be coming to the show tonight and I need you to take care of her, all right.”

“What’s her name? Please don’t tell me it’s Debony. Ruby already told me that she’s making an appearance and I’m supposed to have her come on stage for one of your numbers, like we didn’t have the show planned already. I hate her and I thought she was done with working on your tour.”

“That’s my bad, dawg. I should’ve warned you she was here. But check this, Ingrid Rus-Harrington maybe coming to the show, make sure you find her and she gets access to back stage,” Jason said. “And no matter what Ruby says, you get her to me as soon as she gets there. As a matter of fact, I want you to arrange for her to get chauffeured to the show from Elmore.”

“All right, but why don’t you just have her ride with you?”

“I got one word for you.”

“Ruby,” the men said in unison.

“Man,” Terry said, “she thinks she has to control everything. But word on the street is that her days at Def Jam are numbered.”

“I can only hope,” Jason said. “Just make sure Ingrid gets there and has access to me. I know this might be asking a lot, but please find a way to keep Debony and Ruby away from her at all costs. If you have to, lock those two in a closet or something.”

“I can’t promise that, but I’ll try.”

After hanging up with Terry, Jason headed for the bathroom and took a long shower. All he could think about was the little boy he’d seen at Ingrid’s house. Everything in his soul told him that was his son.





Ingrid sighed as she poured water into the back of the coffee maker. Her mind was replaying the scene that happened in her bedroom. How could I have been so stupid? Why did I fall into bed with Jason knowing that this could happen?

For three years, she’d been fooling herself to think that DeShawn could grow up believing Louis Harrington was his father. But after seeing DeShawn standing next to Jason, she knew there was no way she could keep the truth from either of them anymore.

“Miss Ingrid,” Yolanda exclaimed, “the water is spilling out.”

“Damn it,” Ingrid swore as she dropped the container and scrambled to find rags to mop up the water from the counter. Yolanda grabbed a few rags and helped Ingrid clean up the mess. “Are you all right?”

Ingrid nodded. She looked out into the dining room and saw the breakfast crowd was light and she told Yolanda that she was going to check the supplies in the storage room. When she made it back there, Ingrid sat down on the foot stool and dropped her head in her hands. What was she going to do now that the proverbial cat was out the bag?

A scream rose from the dining room and Ingrid rushed out of the storage area to see what the commotion was about. Had she waited three seconds, she wouldn’t have moved.

“Debony! Oh my God! I can’t believe Debony is in Elmore,” Yolanda yelled.

Debony, who was dressed in a pair of form fitting jeans and a crop top, locked eyes with Ingrid. “I guess I shouldn’t be surprised to see you here,” she said snidely.

“What are you doing here?” Ingrid asked, not giving a damn what her customers thought.

“It seems as if this is the only restaurant in this Podunk town,” Debony said. “I came to eat, something that you’re well versed in.”

“No, she didn’t,” one of the patrons exclaimed. Yolanda, who had been excited when Debony first walked into the restaurant, scowled at the singer.

“Bitch,” Yolanda mumbled. “Miss Ingrid, you want me to take the trash out?”

“You work here?” Debony asked with a laugh. “That’s rich.”

“Get out of my restaurant,” Ingrid snapped, stopping herself from taking a step toward her. As much as she wanted to snatch the weave from her head, she had too much class and pride to stoop to that level.

“I will, because if eating the food here is going to make me look like you, then I need to stay away,” Debony snapped then turned on her heels. Yolanda rushed toward the door and opened it for her.

“And stay out. You ain’t no Beyoncé, anyway. Your music sucks!”

Debony turned to reply to her, but Yolanda slammed the door in her face and Ingrid broke out laughing. “Who does she think she is? Don’t nobody disrespect Miss Ingrid!” Yolanda said as she slapped five with one of the patrons sitting closest to the door.

“I know that’s right,” the woman said.

“Thanks,” Ingrid said. “Yolanda, I’ve got to go check on something, can you hold this place down for me?”

“Sure.”

Ingrid dashed out of the back door of the restaurant and headed back to her place. Seeing Debony and hearing her words didn’t make her morning any smoother. I should’ve slapped that heifer. But she’s not worth it and I have bigger problems. When Ingrid pulled into her driveway, she saw Christina sitting on the front porch.

“Just what I need,” she mumbled as she emerged from the car.

“Ingrid,” Christina called out.

“Not right now, I can’t deal with you right now,” she replied as she walked slowly up the steps.

“Have you talked to Jason since this morning?” Christina asked, not paying attention to Ingrid’s pissy mood.

“Christina, what part of I don’t want to deal with you right now are you not understanding?”

She rose from the chair and shrugged her shoulder. “When have I ever listened to you?”

Ingrid’s frown turned to a smirk because she knew her friend wasn’t going anywhere. “I have not talked to Jason and if you want to continue talking to me, you’re not going to bring him up right now.”

“I know, heard Debony walked up in the restaurant and turned a whole town against her,” she said.

“What do you have cameras in my restaurant?”

Christina smiled, “The Elmore grapevine is the ultimate instant message. I got three text messages and two phone calls before you got here.”

“These people sure don’t let anything pass,” Ingrid said as she took the seat that Christina vacated.

“I’m glad someone told that no talent heifer off. She deserved it.”

“She did deserve it,” Ingrid said. “I can’t believe Jason invited her and that other woman here.”

“He invited them? Please tell me the other woman isn’t that Ruby chick that you’d always hated.”

Ingrid nodded. “He claims he’s doing a contest and the record company sent Ruby who thought it would be a great idea to bring Debony. I wonder if she thought putting those two together would rekindle that thing they had.”

“So, the stuff on the blogs was true?”

Ingrid shrugged. “Jason said nothing happened between him and until after I left. But I don’t know what to think and I don’t want to go to this concert tonight because I know Debony is going to be jumping in front of every camera with Jason on her arm.”

“So what? He invited you to the show and she’s just trying to drum up publicity for her sorry album.”

“Or Ruby is going to push them together and throw it in my face again.”

Christina placed her hand on her friend’s shoulder. “That should be the least of your worries. You have a tie him to that’s stronger than anything Debony or Ruby can throw out there.”

“Can we not go there?” Ingrid pleaded.

“I’ve held my tongue for three years,” Christina said.

Ingrid shot her a look that said, “Really?”

“Somewhat,” Christina retorted. “But you really need to tell DeShawn and Jason the truth. Tell Jason he’s that little boy’s father and introduce your son to his dad.”

“And how am I supposed to explain to my son that his dad’s first love is music and we’re going to be on the back burner? Or how do I tell him that touring comes first and we’ll see his father whenever he feels as if we’re important again? And what am I supposed to tell him when he sees pictures of his father on the cover of magazines with other women?”

“What are you going to tell him when he wants to know more about Louis, the man who he thinks is his father, and you have to tell him the truth? What’s going to hurt him more?”

Ingrid swallowed her reply when she saw Jason pull into her driveway. Christina watched him as he approached the porch.

“Ladies,” he said.

“Hi, Jason,” Christina said.

“Ingrid, can we talk?” Jason asked as he walked up the steps, stopping just one step below the top one.

“Jason, I’m tired,” Ingrid said. “Besides, I think you need to go talk to your friend, Debony.”

“I don’t give a damn about Debony, we really need to talk,” he said.

Christina quickly walked down the steps. “I’m going to the art gallery,” she said, though Ingrid and Jason seemed oblivious to her presence. Once she was gone, Jason reached his hand out to Ingrid. “I know you had your reasons, but I’m asking you to be honest with me now.”

“What are you talking about?” Ingrid asked nervously.

“Please, don’t sit there and try to play me,” Jason said, struggling to keep his voice even. “Your son is our son.”

“J-Jason,” she stammered as she rose from the chair, “DeShawn is a Harrington.”

“Then why does he look just like a Campbell? Maybe you had to lie to yourself, but I know in my soul that he’s my son. He looks just like I did when I was his age.”

“He’s already lost one father, I can’t just tell him. . .Yes, DeShawn is your son.” She dropped her head and he walked over to her. Jason wrapped his arms around her.

“Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked as he cupped her face in his hands.

“How could I?” she asked. “When I left New York, I didn’t have a chance to talk to you and when I tried to call you, your handlers didn’t put any of my calls through.”

“Why didn’t you call me on my cell phone? Never mind, I remember when I had to get a new phone.”

“And you didn’t think to call me?” she asked as she pushed back from him.

“The last thing I heard from you was the e-mail that Ruby said you’d written and when I tried to come home, she had this tour planned or these concert dates. That night in Atlanta, I thought you were going to be there. I asked my agent to find you and bring you to me. When you didn’t show up, I figured it was over. Then I found out that you had gotten married. Up until the other night when we got everything out in the open, I didn’t know that other people had been standing in our way.”

“I didn’t know that either, so I assumed that you chose your career over me and I wasn’t going to subject my son to that kind of rejection,” she said forcefully.

“Do you think I would’ve walked away from the responsibility of my child?”

Ingrid stared into his eyes deeply before saying, “Yes. How was I supposed to know that you were willing to be there for us? It’s not as if everything was roses and champagne between us when I left.”

Jason dropped his head in his hands. “Is that supposed to change the fact that you kept my son from me? All couples have problems. It didn’t have to be this way!”

“Our problems were caused by people around you who thought that I wasn’t good enough. I never heard you take up for me or defend me to Ruby,” she said.

“But I did, there were plenty of times when I told her to back off,” Jason said.

Ingrid folded her arms across her chest. “Obviously, she didn’t listen or you didn’t fight hard enough.”

“Maybe I could’ve done more, but you knew this was my dream and I didn’t know how to balance you and what the record company wanted from me.”

“So,” she snapped. “You sold me out and you think I was going to just put everything on the line for you?”

“What about my choice and my decision in how my child would be raised. And your husband, did he know that he was raising my child?”

“Louis accepted me and DeShawn without question and without having to be talked into it,” she said after a few moments of silence. “He didn’t put anything ahead of us and what we needed. He was the stability that my son and I needed. You can’t even offer me that now!”

“It never crossed your mind that I would want to know about my son?”

“How many ways do you want me to answer that question?” she snapped. “I told you what I was thinking and how I felt. Stop questioning me!”

“You can’t expect me to fall in line with the fairy tale that you’ve concocted?” he railed back. “I lost three years with him.”

“And that’s my fault?” Ingrid asked as she pushed him. “What was I supposed to do, write a letter to your damned fan club? I did the best thing that I could for me and my child. At the time, it didn’t include you.”

He reached out and grabbed her wrist. “Ingrid, I’m not going to let you do this. I came here because I wanted to reconnect with you. Now that I know DeShawn’s mine, I’m not letting you push me away again. I grew up with a sorry excuse for a father and I’m not going to let my son grow up not knowing that I want to be there for him.”

She shook out of his grasp and sighed. “You don’t even know him,” Ingrid said as she turned her back to him. “And how do you plan to get to know him between touring and performing and doing whatever else you do?”

“Why don’t you stop assuming that I’m going to put record sales above my son? I’m not my father or yours. I’ll move back here if I have to and I will get to know him and be the father that I would’ve been if you hadn’t kept the truth from me.” His words stung like a thousand bee stings.

She flung her arms into the air. “Why don’t you get ready for your show because I have things to do,” she snapped as she turned toward the front door.

“Ingrid, wait,” he said.

She whirled around and glared at him. “What?”

“I want to be officially introduced to my son,” he said.

She crossed over to him, her face contorted with a mixture of fear and anger. “No.”

“Look, I’m not going to tell him anything until we’re ready, but I want to spend some time with him and be more than just the man he saw leaving his mother’s bedroom.”

Heat flushed Ingrid’s face, “That can never happen again.”

“Him seeing me or being in your bedroom?”

“How about both?” she said. “I can’t do this right now, I have to go.”

Jason stepped back from her. “A car is coming for you and my son. I hope you will get in it and come to the show tonight.”

Before Ingrid could respond, he bounded down the steps, got into his car and peeled out of her driveway.





Chapter Ten


Jason drove back to the hotel, wondering if his anger was displaced. He could’ve done more to reach out to Ingrid three years ago, but Ruby made him believe that she wanted nothing to do with him. I was such a fool. I should’ve done more to find out why she’d left.

He pulled into the parking lot and parked his car near the door. Jason was slow to get out because he didn’t want to deal with Ruby and her madness right now nor did he feel like fighting off another advance from Debony. Would Ingrid take him seriously if he just quit touring and stuck to songwriting? Or did she already have her mind closed to the possibility of having a life with him? Jason wished he’d seen the signs sooner and stood up to protect Ingrid. He could write songs from anywhere and once the contest ended and he found the next big voice, he would write songs for that singer and help make him or her famous. The money would roll in and he wouldn’t have to split his time between New York and L.A. Then he could be a real father to his son. Would Ingrid allow that? The last thing he wanted was to end up in court fighting Ingrid. That’s one of the reasons why he’d made sure he was extra protected when he had sex with Debony. He hadn’t wanted to slip up, get her pregnant and end up fodder for internet blogs and tabloids. He wouldn’t want to hide the fact that he had a child with Ingrid, but he would want to shield them from the nastiness of the press. And shield himself, because he might be made to look like a deadbeat father.

Before he got out of the car, there was a knock on the window. Looking up, he frowned when he saw Debony standing there with a wide smile on her face.

He opened the door as she stepped back. “What do you want?”

Winking at him, she said, “You know what I want, but since you won’t give it to me, I need to know what time we’re leaving for the show tonight.”

“We’re not leaving at all, you can get there on your own,” Jason said. “And don’t expect me to make changes to my stage for the one song that we’re going to do.”

“Ruby said you were acting funny these days,” she said. “I guess that means you and the fat girl aren’t getting along—again. She doesn’t understand this business and us. When are you going to . . .”

“Do me a favor,” Jason snapped, “stay out of my face. My personal business has nothing to do with you and I don’t want to hear anything you or Ruby has to say about Ingrid.”

Debony shrugged and stalked off. Jason took a deep breath and headed into the hotel. He ignored Debony and Ruby as he headed for his room. He knew they were probably planning something, but he had bigger worries and they didn’t have anything to do with those two women. When he got into his room, he flung himself across the bed and thought about how he was going to convince Ingrid that he wanted to know his son.





Ingrid sat on her sofa motionless trying to absorb what Jason had said to her. Now that he knew the truth, she could no longer keep Jason away from DeShawn. I always figured this day would come, but I was hoping that Jason would be too big of a star to care about me or my son. Now he’s back and claims he wants to be in our lives. How do I know I can trust that?

Though she’d planned to go back to the restaurant to help with the lunch rush, when she finally moved, she headed to Jason’s hotel. Ingrid drove slowly to the downtown location, not knowing what she should say to him. I’m sorry didn’t seem good enough. She pulled into the parking spot beside Jason’s car and she wondered if he was still around. She remembered their days together in New York and how he would go to the concert venue hours before the show began and stand on the stage. He loved performing and being on stage. That’s why it was so easy for Ingrid to believe that he would chose music over everything else, even their son.

I guess I was wrong, she thought as she exited the car. Ingrid hurried inside and stopped at the front desk.

“Hey there, Miss Ingrid,” the clerk, who was a regular at the restaurant said. “What are you doing here?”

“How are you, Neil? I need to see one of your guests,” she replied.

“Who are you looking for?” he asked as he started typing on the computer.

“Jason Campbell,” she said.

Neil smiled. “I’ll call his room for you. Not too many people come in here and ask for him by that name, but I think the whole town knows he’s staying here.”

Ingrid offered him a weak smile as he put the phone to his ear.

“Mr. Campbell, Ingrid Harrington is in the lobby for you,” he said. “Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I will send her up.” Neil hung up the phone and turned to Ingrid. “He’s in room three-twenty eight.”

“Thanks,” Ingrid said as she walked over to the elevator. When the doors to the elevator opened, Ruby stepped off.

“Look what the cat drug in,” Ruby said flippantly.

Ingrid rolled her eyes and clamped down on her tongue. She sidestepped Ruby and walked into the elevator car.

“Are you sure you’re not going to weigh this thing down?” Ruby asked.

“Go to hell,” Ingrid said as the doors closed. Once she was alone inside the car, Ingrid cursed herself for even responding to Ruby. That woman had been getting under her skin since the first day they met in New York and the last thing she wanted to do was let Ruby know that she still had that power over her.

Jason had the crowd in a trance as he danced around the stage, singing New Edition's If It Isn't Love, in the middle of Central Park. Ingrid swayed back and forth as she and Jason locked eyes. Even though there were hundreds of people in the audience, Ingrid knew he was singing to her. This was their song. As he began to sing the break down, a scantily clad dancer joined him on the stage, twirling her small hips in Jason's face as he sang. Ingrid felt some kind of way watching her man do a sensual bump and grind with the dancer. Ruby snaked through the crowd and stood beside Ingrid with a plastic smile on her face. "He looks good up there, right? He can be a star."

Ingrid smiled at Ruby. "He will be. Jason is talented and he works hard."

"He's getting an image and it is my job to cultivate it."

Ingrid shrugged. She knew Jason would be getting new clothes, new material to sing and a stage name. What she didn't understand was why Ruby felt the need to tell her this now.

"Look at how he's dancing with Ava. That is sexual energy that turns women on. When he walks down the red carpet at the MTV awards, the public will expect his date to be sexy and alluring."

Ingrid tore her eyes away from Jason and Ava, focusing an angry glare on Ruby. "What are you trying to say?"

"Maybe in Nutbush, South Carolina, you're the best he can do, but in New York, he can do so much better," Ruby said. "For a big girl, you have a pretty face. But unless you plan to drop between fifty to a hundred pounds, you're never going to fit in with who Jay Slade is going to be."

"Who in the hell do you think you are?" Ingrid snapped. "Jason and I are in love and my size seems to be your hang up, not mine or his."

"For now," Ruby said then turned and walked away.

When the elevator reached the third floor, Jason was standing in the hall waiting for her.

“Ingrid,” he said. “I’m kind of surprised to see you here.”

“We need to talk, I’ve come to a decision about DeShawn.”

He nodded. “Let’s go in my room and talk.”

Ingrid followed him into the room, silently noting that it was much smaller than the suite they’d shared in New York. She took a seat on the edge of the king sized bed. “I was wrong to keep DeShawn from you,” she said after expelling a breath.

“Yes, you were,” he replied quietly. “But I can understand why you did it.”

She cast her eyes upward at him. “Really?”

Jason sat beside her and took her hand in his. “I went to New York with a single focus and I allowed outside forces to come between us. You saw that and I didn’t until you were gone.”

“I was afraid to tell you that I was pregnant, you were just starting your career and everything was just starting to click for you and I didn’t want you put your life on hold and then. . .Well, there’s no need to recount what happened when I left.”

“How did you convince your husband to accept my son?” he asked.

Ingrid sighed and slipped her hand from underneath his. “Louis and I needed each other. There was no way I could come back to town single and pregnant.”

“It didn’t have to be that way,” Jason interrupted.

Ingrid shot him a questioning look. “Really?”

“Do you think I would’ve walked away from my son after the parents I had? I wouldn’t have done that to either one of you. Did you love him?”

She rose from the bed and crossed over to the window. Ingrid wrapped her hand around the curtain and squeezed it tightly. “I did and do love Louis. He was very special to me and provided well for us. He was a great man, but he wasn’t free to be who he really was here.”

Jason furrowed his brows. “What do you mean?”

She turned and faced him. “He was like a brother to me. That’s the kind of love we shared. Louis married me to save his restaurant. You know how people around here are. If you don’t go to First Baptist, then you’re going to hell. If you’re a single mother, you’re a whore and if you’re a gay man with a restaurant, you’re going out of business. Louis had his heart broken when he moved here and my heart was aching, we were able to help each other.”

“Gay?” Jason asked. “He was gay?”

She nodded. “No one knew for sure, but when we swapped heartache, we realized that we could help each other and it worked out.”

Jason shook his head as her words sank in. “So, you and he never. . .”

“No, we didn’t. I knew who he was and I accepted it.”

Jason stood up and walked over to Ingrid. “And you thought he would be a better father to my son?”

“Don’t you dare stand there in judgment!” she boomed, pointing her index finger in his face. “He was good to DeShawn. Damned good to him. You have no right to judge him when you never knew him.”

“But you knew what kind of man he was and you married him and allowed him to raise my son?” he questioned.

“This was a mistake,” Ingrid said as she pushed past him.

Jason grabbed her arm. “And you’re telling me that you and this man never . . .”

She hauled off and slapped him. “Go to hell,” Ingrid snapped then stormed out of the room. She dashed down the hall for the elevator. Part of her expected him to come after her, but when the doors of the elevator opened, she was glad that he wasn’t behind her.





Jason’s head was reeling as he stood in the middle of his hotel room. Ingrid had dropped a hell of a bombshell on him and he didn’t know how to process it. She married a gay man and passed his son off as his. He had been robbed of three years of DeShawn’s life. Did she expect him to believe that she and that man didn’t have a sexual relationship? How could she do this? he thought. And how could she think that I would be all right with this? She should’ve told me this in the beginning. Was she ever going to tell me about her husband and what if my son hadn’t come into the room this morning?

The ringing of his cell phone interrupted his thoughts. “Yeah?”

“Jay, it’s Terry,” his road manager said. “I got that car on the way to Elmore.”

“Shit,” he muttered. “Is it too late to cancel it?”

“The driver is on his way. What happened in the last few hours to make you change your mind?”

“You don’t want to know,” Jason said. “Try and call the driver, get him to come to the hotel and I’ll put Debony and Ruby in the limo.”

“Damn, she got to you, huh?”

“Terry, I don’t want to talk about it. I’ll see you soon,” Jason said then hung up the phone. He tossed it on the bed and swore under his breath. Somehow, he was going to have to find the energy to get through his show.

About an hour later, Jason was in his car heading to Columbia. Though he wanted to stop at Ingrid’s restaurant and see her before he left, he knew there was too much bad blood between them right now and he might say something that he would regret later. His mind was muddled with questions about her relationship with Louis. She’d lied to him about his son, who was to say that she wasn’t lying about her relationship with the man she’d been married to. Suppose she slept with him? Why didn’t she tell him the man was gay from the beginning? Why wasn’t she honest enough to tell him everything?

What else is she keeping from me? Jason wondered as he merged on to the interstate.

As he drove, Jason wavered between anger and disappointment as he thought about Ingrid’s situation. There had to have been another way for her to handle the fact that she was pregnant. But to marry a stranger, a gay man and to hide his son from him for three years? Was this the best she could’ve done? Was she willing to give up her own desires to hide the truth?

Maybe she thought we’d never be together again. I had no idea that we would reconnect with each other and she probably thought that we wouldn’t either. But what if her husband hadn’t died?

Though he’d come into town with a chest full of steam and bravado and the intention of stealing Ingrid away from her husband, he was shocked to find out the truth about her marriage. He resolved that he was going make every effort to understand Ingrid’s choice and get to know his son. The contest would provide that opportunity, but would he be able to be with her again?





Ingrid wiped the counter slowly trying to put the scene with Jason out of her mind. It had been hours since he’d left. “Miss Ingrid, I think that spot is clean,” Yolanda said. “Are you going to Jay Slade’s concert in Columbia?”

“No,” she said flatly. “Didn’t you win tickets from the radio station?”

“I sure did,” she replied with a huge smile on her face. “Is it all right if I take off a little early?”

Ingrid looked around at the sparse crowd in the restaurant. “Go ahead and have a good time.”

Yolanda quickly untied her apron and dashed out of the restaurant. Ingrid walked over to the coffeemaker still struggling with Jason’s reaction to her marriage. Was he just as homophobic as the rest of the town? In another world, Ingrid would’ve been able to come home and raise her son alone, Louis would’ve been able to be the kind of man that he wanted to be and his restaurant would’ve been wildly successful. But small minded people forced them to hide things and create a fairy tale. Now it had all fallen apart. Louis was dead and Jason was mad.

Like he has a right to be angry. He could’ve reached out to me because if he found out that I was married then he knew I was back in town. It’s not that hard to find anyone in Elmore, she thought bitterly as she yanked the filter from the coffeemaker.

“What are you doing here?” Christina asked loudly as she walked into the restaurant. “Don’t you have a concert to get ready for?”

“No, I don’t,” Ingrid said when her friend approached the counter. “You want some coffee?”

“Is that code for you’re about to tell me what happened with you and Jason after I left, then yes.”

Ingrid folded her arms across her chest. “That’s code for I have decaf and regular coffee.”

Christina cocked her head to the side and peered at her friend. “Why aren’t you going to Columbia to be with your man?”

“A, he’s not my man and B, I have a business to run.”

Christina leaned in closer to Ingrid, “And the other situation. Are you going to give him a chance to get to know his son?”

Ingrid shrugged and placed two coffee mugs on the counter. “Jason and I had a big argument about Louis and I don’t know if I want him around my son.”

Christina poured sugar into her cup as she waited for Ingrid to fill it with coffee. “He’s not just your son and now that his real father is around, you can’t keep playing the super, single mom role.”

“I told Jason everything,” Ingrid said in a low whisper.





“Everything as in?”

Ingrid raised her right eyebrow. “Sit there and play stupid if you want to.”

“Oh, you mean about Louis being that way,” Christina said. Ingrid shook her head. Christina was a pretty open minded person, but she couldn’t bring herself to say “gay.” But Jason, she expected him to be a little more worldly. She was sure he’d been around plenty of gay people in the music industry. Why did he have such a hard time accepting what Louis was to her? He’d been her lifeline when she needed him most.

“Well,” Christina asked. “What did he say?”

“He basically flipped out and pretty much showed me that he’s an asshole.”

Christina stretched her eyes and shook her head. “What did you expect him to do? He is from Elmore no matter how many places he’s been.”

“So? Louis and I needed each other and Jason was nowhere to be found.”

“Yeah, well, you didn’t look that hard, either,” Christina said as she reached for her cup of coffee.

“What?”

“If you wanted to get in touch with Jason, I’m sure you could’ve sent him a message on Twitter, Facebook, MySpace or even e-mailed him.”

“I wasn’t some groupie who he’d gotten pregnant. I was supposed to be the woman he loved.” Ingrid slammed her hand against the counter. “To hell with him. I’m not going to keep DeShawn away from him but I don’t want anything else to do with him.”

Christina took a slow sip of coffee before saying, “Now you’re lying to yourself, huh?”





Chapter Eleven


“Columbia! Thank you!” Jason yelled as he finished his fourth encore. Sweat poured from his bare chest and forehead. His show had been three hours, though it was only scheduled for two. While he was on stage, he didn’t have to think about Ingrid, he just sang, danced and connected with the thousands of people in the audience screaming his name. Tonight, he didn’t care about Debony joining him on stage and trying to upstage him with her wild hip thrusts and too close dancing. He even stepped aside and allowed her to sing a few songs from her hit CD. The adoring crowd ate it up while his emotions rumbled inside him like thunder.

As he walked off stage, Ruby clapped wildly. “Man, you haven’t put on a show like that in years! They loved it. I can’t believe you took your shirt off. I thought you’d given up the sex appeal angle.”

“Shut up,” he said as he pushed past her to take a towel from a stage attendant. Jason smiled sweetly at the young woman, who was obviously a fan. “Thanks.”

She shivered before stammering, “Yo-you’re welcome.”

Debony walked over to Jason, dressed in a short black halter dress and a pair of four-inch red heels. “Jay Slade! That was a great show. Thanks for the limo ride here. I should’ve known you weren’t serious earlier,” she said, then wrapped her arms around him. “So, where’s the after party or do they go to sleep with the chickens in South Carolina?”

He shrugged out of her embrace. “Debony, I . . .You know what, there’s a club downtown we can go to. But you have to get rid of Ruby.”

She smiled. “Are you serious?”

“Yeah, I’m going to get dressed. I’ll be ready in an hour.”

As he walked to his dressing room, warning bells rang in his head. Going out with Debony was a mistake, but he wanted to forget about Ingrid for a few more hours. After all, she’d forgotten for three years to tell him that he was a father. Part of him knew it was unfair to use Debony in this way, the same way he used her after Ingrid left him before, but she loved the limelight and riding his star. Besides, they were just going to a party, not to bed—this time.

An hour later, Jason emerged from his dressing room wearing a pair of black linen slacks, a white tank underneath a black button down linen shirt and his favorite platinum and diamond necklace. He looked the part of a star, but he didn’t feel like one. Debony was waiting in the hallway for him with a bottle of Dom Perignon Rosé and two champagne flutes.

“A gift from Ruby so that we could really celebrate tonight,” Debony said, her red lips curved in a sensual smile. “She said she didn’t want to come anyway. She’s going to the hotel with some guy she met this evening.”

“So,” Jason said as he took the bottle from her hands and popped the cork. “But don’t get any ideas about where we’re going to end up tonight.”

Her smile faded. “I knew that.” Her voice screamed disappointment.

Terry approached the duo and shot Jason a quizzical look. “What’s going on?” he asked as looked from Jason to Debony.

Jason filled his glass. “We’re about to hit the after party. Why don’t you roll with us,” he suggested.

Terry eyed Debony’s shift in body language. He knew she’d hoped the two of them were going to party alone. “Is Ruby coming?” he asked.

“Hell no,” Jason exclaimed after draining his glass.

“All right, sounds like a plan I can get down with.”

Debony sucked her teeth, and then she reached for the champagne. “What are you trying to do, build an entourage as if you’re a rapper?”

Terry smirked and shook his head. “I’m going to change,” he said.

Once Terry was out of earshot, Jason turned to Debony, “Let’s be clear. We’re not dating and this isn’t a date. You helped me put on a hell of a show and I wanted to go out and show you that South Carolina knows how to party. If you think that this is anything more than that, then you should go back to the hotel yourself.”

She shook her head. “I’m fine, I realize that you have someone in your life, but Terry is. . .”

“My friend and he’s going. I’ll wait in the limo.”

Debony followed him outside and into the hoard of fans who waited to catch a glimpse of the stars. As the crowd chanted “Jay Slade, Jay Slade.” Jason held his hands in that air as he’d done on stage and gyrated his hips a bit. Debony smiled and ducked in the waiting limousine.

“See you at the after party,” Jason shouted before joining Debony in the car. She was already drinking another glass of champagne and had poured Jason one as well.

“They love you in the dirty south, huh?”

“This is home,” he replied. “Of course they love me.”

Debony took a sip of her drink and shrugged. “So, what about this contest?”

“We’re looking for a singer that will blow everyone away,” Jason said as he fixed himself another drink. “A strong voice and someone hungry enough to work hard to be a star.”

“That’s bull. You only wanted to come to South Carolina because you want to get back with that girl. You don’t have to lie to me.”

Jason took a big swig of his drink. “She had a lot to do with why I came back to town. And I haven’t kept that a secret from anyone.”

“What does she have that I don’t?” she asked wistfully.

Jason rolled his eyes. “Debony, if I wasn’t Jay Slade, you wouldn’t want anything to do with me; since you want to talk about honesty.”

She inched closer to Jason. “That’s not true. You’re very sexy and if we would’ve met before you became famous, I still would’ve wanted you.” Debony reached up to stroke his cheek, but Jason grabbed her hand. “Don’t,” he said. “You and I would’ve never met and you wouldn’t be so hard pressed to hop back into bed with me.”

“Well, maybe if I hadn’t known how good it is, that would be the case. But I know that being with you is amazing. Let’s go there again. Just one. . .”

“It isn’t going to happen. I’m not falling into this trap again,” he said. “Debony, I know Ruby had you come on to me so that you could come between me and Ingrid all of those years ago.”

“You really love her, don’t you?” Debony said with a hint of sadness in her voice. “I guess there’s no competing with that.”

Jason didn’t answer her as he downed his second drink. Debony frowned, “I’m sorry that I helped Ruby break you two up three years ago. Back then, I was all about my career and Ruby promised me that if I helped her, she would make sure my next record was a hit. I wanted the fame so badly, I was willing to do anything for it. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”

“If that’s what you need to tell yourself to make it through the night, then keep telling yourself that lie. You didn’t think coming between me and Ingrid would hurt me? What did you think would happen?” Jason asked.

“But after I got to know you, I fell for you, Jay-Jason.”

He shook his head and frowned at her. “You had it right the first time, you fell for Jay Slade, the same image that groupies fall for. What do you even know about me?”

Debony stared blankly at Jason. “Well,” she finally said.

“Exactly. Don’t sit here and let alcohol make you think we’re in love, all right?”

She slid even closer to him and as she was about to take his face in her hands, the door to the limousine opened. Terry looked inside and uttered, “Whoa.”

“Come on in,” Jason said as he swatted Debony’s hands away. Once Terry was in and seated, Jason tapped on the window separating them and the driver. “We’re ready.”

Debony fixed herself another drink and cast a contemptuous glance at Terry, who smiled sweetly in return. “Where are we going, again?” Debony asked as she tugged at the hem of her skirt. Terry reached out for the nearly empty bottle of champagne.

“This is Jason’s party, I’m just along for the ride,” Terry said as he poured the remaining sparkling wine in his glass. She rolled her eyes at him and Jason opened the door to the mini bar.

“We’re going to Situations, the club where they’re having the after party,” he said. Though part of him wanted to tell the driver to go to Elmore, Jason wasn’t ready to face his real problems. He wasn’t ready to deal with Ingrid and her farce of a marriage, he didn’t want to fight with her to get to know his son, but he felt that was just what was going to happen. Instead, he drained a mini bottle of Grey Goose, followed by a mini bottle of José Cuervo.

“Jason,” Terry said, breaking into his thoughts, “don’t you think you should slow down on the alcohol?”

“Man, it’s a party, give me a break,” Jason said as he cracked open a second bottle of Grey Goose and took a huge swallow.

Debony smiled as she asked him to fix her a drink as well.





Ingrid brushed her hand across DeShawn’s face as he slept. He was a beautiful little boy and he had seen so many changes in his short life. Ingrid accepted that she bore part of the blame because she lied to her son about his father. The way he and Louis bonded, Ingrid thought that DeShawn would never have to know about Jason being his father. Louis had loved DeShawn because he knew he’d never have a child of his own. The day that Ingrid had brought the little boy home, Louis had been just as happy as if DeShawn had been his biological son.

“He’s so perfect,” Louis had said as he peered down at the sleeping baby. “Welcome to this crazy world.”

Ingrid had smiled, though her eyes shown with tears. She couldn’t help but wish Jason was standing there with her.

“It’s going to be fine,” she whispered to her son. “I’m going to do the right thing and make sure you don’t get hurt because of my stupid mistakes.” Ingrid leaned in and kissed her son on the cheek. As she walked downstairs, Ingrid’s thoughts turned to Jason and his reaction to her “marriage.” Was he just as homophobic as the other people in Elmore had been? Did he think that her association with Louis somehow would change how she raised her son or who she was? Did he think there was something sexual between her and Louis? What about his past? she thought. I know he slept with Debony. And the sad thing is I didn’t even entertain having a sexual relationship with Louis or anyone. It’s not as if I didn’t have a chance to sleep with someone else. But I chose to focus on raising my son. Had I ignored Jason as I planned to, I wouldn’t be sitting here worrying about what he thinks.

Ingrid was about to check the locks on her door when she heard the loud knocking. She opened the door and shook her head at Christina. “What are you doing here?” she asked her friend.

Christina smiled and walked in. “I was hoping to find your house empty. Jason didn’t come to his senses and apologize?”

“No, I bet he’s not even going to come back since he’s decided that I’m not worthy.”

“Maybe he’s just working through the shock of it all. I had a hard time digesting it myself.”

Ingrid rolled her eyes at Christina. “You don’t say,” she replied sarcastically.

“But, I understand why you did it. Your mother has never liked Jason and thought that you gave up too much of your life to be with him.”

Ingrid dropped her head as she thought about telling her mother the truth. “She’s going to love this.”

Christina nodded and moved over to the sofa. “Were you going to bed or is it time to watch your favorite sad black and white movie?”

“Imitation of Life is not a sad movie. It’s poignant and you don’t have to stay here and watch it.”

“Get the popcorn,” Christina said when she kicked her feet up on the table. “I guess we can watch this movie and pretend nothing’s wrong.”

Ingrid rolled her eyes as she walked over to the television and popped the DVD in the player. “You get the popcorn yourself.”

“You would wait until I get comfortable,” Christina said as she slowly rose to her feet. “Please tell me you have kettle corn.”

“In the cabinet above the refrigerator,” Ingrid said as she flipped through the channels. She stopped when she saw a news report on Jason’s show.

“One of South Carolina’s biggest stars came home to put on a show for his fans. Jay Slade, who is originally from Elmore, brought his signature sound to a sold out Township Auditorium. The crowd was surprised when singer Debony joined Jay Slade on stage to perform a sexy rendition of their single, Lover’s Lane.” The screen filled up with an image of Jason and Debony bumping and grinding against each other as if they were lovers. Ingrid’s blood heated as she watched them ‘performing.’

“News 10’s cameras caught the duo as they entered Club Situations. Although both singers deny that they have anything other than music going on between them, they looked awfully close.” Ingrid gasped when she saw Debony plant a huge kiss on Jason’s lips.

“Son of a bitch,” she muttered as she yanked her copy of Waiting to Exhale out of the DVD holder.

As Christina walked into the den with a bowl of popcorn and two glasses of juice, she knew something was wrong. “What happened?” she asked, looking from the TV screen to Ingrid.

“We’re watching a movie,” Ingrid said as the Waiting To Exhale menu filled the screen.

“This movie means someone has pissed you off,” Christina said. “What happened?”

Ingrid took the juice her friend offered her. “Looks as if Jason is enjoying himself at the concert after party with Debony. They were on the news kissing,” she spat then took a big sip of juice to cool her insides.

“What? Maybe. . .”

“Maybe hell. This is what he does, he turns to her every time things don’t. . .You know what, to hell with Jason. If he wants to be with Miss Thing, he can have her. He doesn’t have to be in my bed to be a father to DeShawn, if he still wants to. He might decide to go back to New York with her.”

Christina shook her head. “Any chance you misunderstood what you saw?”

Ingrid folded her arms across her chest. “How do you misunderstand a tongue being shoved down a man’s throat? And people wonder why Bernadine burned John’s clothes and sold his belongings for a dollar.”

Christina grabbed a handful of popcorn and tossed it at Ingrid. “Whatever. I know you’re not going to let that stuck up bi. . .”

“If that’s who and what Jason wants, what can I do?” Ingrid shrugged her shoulder. “Am I supposed to cry, beg him to come back? I don’t think so. And you’re cleaning this up.”

Christina rolled her eyes. “I hope you’re going to give the man a chance to explain.”

Ingrid rolled her eyes and pressed to button to start the movie. She didn’t need to hear Jason’s explanation. She’d seen it all before.





Jason shoved Debony with a bit more force than he meant, but he had to deliver a message to her. “What was that?” he demanded as he wiped the sticky imprint of her lipstick from his cheek. “I told you that we’re not going to do this. That picture is going to be on every web site and newscast. . .”

“Whatever,” she said as she regained her footing. “Tell the truth, you’re just worried about what Ingrid is going to think. She’s going to be mad.”

“You’re drunk.”

She shrugged her shoulders. “And? I might as well have some fun,” Debony said as she wiggled her hips.

“Don’t do something stupid,” he said as he reached his hand out to her.

Debony swatted it away. “I’m going to have some fun and you can sit here and sulk. Too bad you’re hung up on that chick, we could’ve had a really good time.” She winked at him and headed out to the dance floor where she was immediately surrounded by fans—male and female.

Terry closed his hand around Jason’s shoulder. “You’re a strong man because not too many people would’ve been able to turn all of that down.”

Jason shook his head and expelled a sigh. “I have bigger worries. You know, I don’t even need to be in here right now,” he said. “This isn’t the lifestyle that I want.”

“What do you mean?” Terry asked. “You’re the man right now.”

“Nah, Jay Slade is the man. I’ve got to work on Jason.” He turned toward the entrance and headed out, ignoring the screams and applause from people waiting to enter the club. Jason pulled out his cell phone and called the driver.

“Back to the hotel, sir?” the man asked over the phone.

“No, I’m going to need you to take me to Elmore,” Jason said.





Chapter Twelve


Ingrid and Christina woke up still sitting on the sofa. Ingrid glanced at the clock on the wall and hoped that DeShawn was sleeping late. Today, she planned to stay inside and do absolutely nothing. If DeShawn wanted to have pizza and junk food all day then she would allow it, just this once. The last thing she wanted was to hear people whisper about what they saw Jason doing on TV last night. She didn’t want their looks of pity or their silent and smug looks that she was sure to get from people like Anna Belle Jacobs and her stuck up sister.

You can’t hide forever, she thought as she trudged up the stairs to check on her son. As Ingrid opened the door to DeShawn’s room, she noticed that her son was already awake, sitting in the middle of his bed with a pad, drawing. She watched him quietly, as he hunched over the sketch book. He had such a determined look on his face and was so engrossed in his work that Ingrid didn’t want to disturb him. Part of her thought of what Jason would say if he saw his son right now. Would he remember that he’d wanted to be an artist when they were younger? That had to be where DeShawn got his creativity from.

A single tear slid down Ingrid’s cheek as she watched her son. She should’ve been sharing this moment with his father. Jason should’ve had sense enough to know that their relationship was more important than the music. But she assumed that he didn’t. Despite what he’d said lately, she couldn’t risk her heart again.

“Mommy, are you crying?” DeShawn asked.

Ingrid hadn’t even noticed her tears or that her son was standing in front of her. “It’s my allergies,” she lied. “What are you drawing?”

He held his notebook to his chest, “I’m not finished.”

Ingrid stroked his head and smiled. “All right,” she replied. “Do you want me to cook you something special for breakfast?”

He nodded happily. “Pancakes!”

“All right. I’ll make pancakes and Auntie Chrissy is going to have breakfast with us, too. Then we’re going to watch some movies.”

“But I want to go see Miss Celina and show her my picture.” DeShawn pouted and Ingrid was powerless to resist her son’s request. After all, she knew that she couldn’t keep her son hidden away in the house all day because she was embarrassed. “All right, I’ll take you after we eat breakfast, but only if you promise to let me see the drawing too,” she said as she squeezed his cheek.

“OK,” he said as he bounded back to his bed. Ingrid headed for the bathroom to wash away the tracks of her tears. As she crossed the hall to the bathroom, she glanced out the window and saw a limo parked in the driveway.

“What the. . .” she mumbled.





Jason woke up with a start as the sun beamed through the limo’s windshield. Glancing down at his watch, Jason saw that it was a little after eight. She should’ve been out here by now, he thought. Stretching his legs, Jason yawned and opened the door. The driver, who’d been asleep as well, woke up when he heard the door open.

“It’s all right, I got this,” Jason said as the driver scrambled to get out of the car.

Jason sprinted toward Ingrid’s front door and silently prayed that she was all right, then he knocked on the door.

A few seconds passed before a bleary eyed Christina opened the door. “What are you doing here?” she asked.

“Is Ingrid all right?” he asked. “I thought she would’ve left for work by now,”

“Why do you care? Looks like you had your hands full of Debony last night,” Christina snapped.

“Look, I know what you probably saw, but you can’t . . .”

Ingrid appeared behind Christina. “Debony kick you out of her bed already?”

Jason shook his head. “I was never in her bed. We need to talk and I’m not leaving until we do?”

Christina looked from Jason to Ingrid. “Christina,” Ingrid said, “I told DeShawn I was going to make pancakes.”

“You’d do better just to tell me you want me to leave because I’m not cooking,” she said as she walked away from the couple. Ingrid stepped out on the porch and folded her arms across her chest, wishing that the stubble on his face and the stray loc across his forehead didn’t heat her up like the fish grease at Soul To The Bone on Friday evenings. This was Jason. This was the man she loved. This was the man who broke her heart.

“Jason,” Ingrid said, finding her voice. “Why are you here?”

“I’ve been in your driveway all night because I want to explain what happened.”

“After you were on TV kissing Debony you rushed right over here? Oh, I feel so special,” she said sarcastically. “I don’t want to hear your tired explanation about why you were kissing her.”

“What you saw was a drunk singer hamming it up for the cameras. Last night, I was mad, I wanted to get you off my mind. . .”

Ingrid shook her head. “So you hopped in the sack with Debony -- again?”

“No, I didn’t,” he said. “I walked into that club and realized that I didn’t belong there. Those people wanted to see Jay Slade and that’s not who I am anymore. All I could think about was getting back here to you and DeShawn. I wanted both of you waiting for me back stage, not Debony and expensive liquor. I wanted you and my son to be there.”

Ingrid sucked her bottom lip and rolled her eyes. “You stormed out of here, pissed off because of my relationship with Louis. Can you get past that? Can you forget that I married him because you wouldn’t or couldn’t take responsibility for our son?”

“Wait a minute, you never told me that you were pregnant, Ingrid. You didn’t give me a choice in the matter. But I’m here now.”

“For how long? And what happens the next time a drunk singer kisses you for the cameras?”

Jason wanted to pull Ingrid into his arms and hold her against his chest. But he kept the distance between them and said, “I’m here for as long as you need me.”

“I don’t believe you. The road is going to call you again or some concert. Then what? You’re going to leave me and DeShawn alone, again.”

Unable to fight the urge to pull her into his arms, Jason closed the space between them and wrapped his arms around her waist. Ingrid placed her hands flat against his chest. “Ingrid, please, I want a chance to get to know my son and I want to be back in your good graces,” he said. And I want you to be back in my life.

Sighing, she fell into his embrace and leaned her head against his chest. “Jason, this is crazy,” she said as she pushed back from him.

“This entire situation is different, but we can make it work,” he said.

“I hope you’re right,” she said. “I’m about to cook breakfast, would you like to join us?”

“Thank you,” he said as he followed Ingrid inside. Though he was there to see his son, Jason was soon blinded by the gentle sway of Ingrid’s shapely hips underneath her knit pants. When she stopped in front of him, Jason wrapped his arms around her waist to stop the collision. Damn, she felt good in his arms.

“Will you get your hands off me,” she said quietly. But he felt her shiver and knew she’d experienced the same jolt of desire that he had. Still, he dropped his arms, forcing himself to remember that he wasn’t there to make love to her, right now.

“Sorry,” he mumbled as they entered the kitchen. DeShawn was sitting at the table with Christina sipping on orange juice.

“We have more company for breakfast,” Ingrid said with forced cheerfulness in her voice.

DeShawn looked up at Jason. “Who are you?”

Jason swallowed hard and smiled at him. “I’m Jason, your mom and I are old friends,” he said.

“Okay,” DeShawn said then turned to his mother. “May I have chocolate chips on my pancakes?”

“Sure,” she replied as she pulled the ingredients for the pancakes from the refrigerator. “You guys want chocolate chips too?”

“That’s too much for me,” Christina said. “But if you have some blueberries, I’d love that.”

“I’m not in the diner today,” Ingrid quipped. “No, special orders.”

“I’m fine with whatever you’re cooking,” Jason said as he tore his gaze from his son, who was drawing in his notebook. “What are you doing over there, little man?”

“Drawing,” the little boy replied without looking up.

Jason smiled, remembering how he used to love to draw. “Can I take a look?”

“No, not until Miss Celina sees it,” DeShawn replied in a serious tone. Jason threw his hands up.

“All right, little man,” he said. “I used to draw all the time when I was your age.”

DeShawn looked up at Jason. “For real? Are you an artist like Miss Celina?”

“I’m a singer,” he said. “Your mom doesn’t play my music?”

DeShawn shook his head. Jason wasn’t surprised that she didn’t play his music around DeShawn, he sang songs to make babies, not for babies. “What kind of music do you like?”

The little boy shrugged. “High School Musical,” he said.

Christina shook her head. “Please tell me we’re not going to have to listen to that again.”

Ingrid shook her head as she mixed the pancake batter. “Let’s save the music for after breakfast,” Ingrid said. “Chrissy, hand me my griddle.”

Before Christina could get up to retrieve the pan from the counter, Jason beat her to it. “Here you go. Do you want me to help?”

“As if you can cook. You’re so used to having everything handed to you,” she said.

“Come on, now,” Jason said. “I still know my way around the kitchen. I’m not that Hollywood.” He winked at Ingrid as he set the griddle on the stove and turned the heat on medium.

Ingrid handed him the pancake batter. “Knock yourself out,” she said as she reached for the chocolate chips and blueberries.

About a half an hour later, Jason and Ingrid were serving up turkey sausage links, blueberry and chocolate chip pancakes and scrambled eggs. Jason watched his son dig into the sweet cakes and smiled. He wished he’d had someone to cook for him like this when he was DeShawn’s age.

“This is actually good,” Christina said as she bit into her food. “If you ever give up singing, maybe Ingrid can put you to work on the grill.”

“Funny,” Jason said as he handed Ingrid a plate of eggs and pancakes.

Ingrid smiled warmly at him when he took a seat next to DeShawn. He couldn’t help but wonder if she was warming to him having a role in his son’s life.

“Where is everybody?” a voice called from the front door.

Ingrid groaned as DeShawn ran into the living room, screaming, “Grandma!”





The last thing Ingrid needed this morning was for her mother to find Jason Campbell at her breakfast table. Part of her wanted to shove him out the back door, but how was she going to explain the limo in her driveway.

“Ingrid,” her mother called out. “Why is there a limo in your driveway?” Lois walked into her kitchen. “You win the lottery. . .Jason Campbell.”

“Mrs. Russell, how are you?” he asked timidly. There was no love lost between Lois and Jason. And the bad blood was evident when their eyes locked and Lois snarled under her breath.

“Thought you’d grown out of this place?” Lois looked over at her daughter. “And I’d hoped you’d gotten over your fixation on him. Didn’t you lose enough dealing with him?”

“Mother,” Ingrid said, flashing a look at her son. “This is not the time.”

Lois folded her arms across her chest. “Oh, this is the time. He left you in New York and you came back to town with that strange man and pregnant.”

Ingrid shook her head, then turned to Christina. “Take DeShawn upstairs.” Her friend nodded and ushered the little boy out of the kitchen. Ingrid turned to her mother. “I don’t need you coming in here with this. What’s done is done and there’s nothing that can change the past.”

“You dropped out of college to follow him around the country and when you two got to New York, he traded you in and you came back here with your tail between your legs, while he became a superstar.”

“Mrs. Russell, the things that happened. . .”

Lois threw her hand up in his face like a crossing guard telling traffic to stop. “I don’t think I was addressing you. Ingrid, I told you he was no good and you swore he’d prove me wrong. He didn’t.”

“I left Jason. He didn’t trade me in,” Ingrid exclaimed. “But that is all in the past and . . .”

“What about last night? He was all on television kissing that singer.” Lois looked at him pointedly. “And today, he’s sitting up here eating breakfast with you as if he didn’t do anything wrong.”

“I didn’t do anything wrong and Ingrid knows that was a misunderstanding last night,” Jason said, struggling to control his temper. He didn’t feel like a superstar as Lois Russell spoke to him, her eyes cutting though him like lasers. She still saw him as the same little boy from the wrong side of the tracks.

“Then my daughter is a fool because that kiss was no misunderstanding,” Lois snapped. “You let her walk away from you. You didn’t give a damn about her then or now.”

“I didn’t know Ingrid was leaving. Had I known that, she would’ve never left,” he exclaimed.

Ingrid looked at Jason with her mouth slightly agape. “What?” Lois said. “How were you going to stop her from leaving? From what I understand, you weren’t paying her any attention, anyway.”

“Mother, stop it,” Ingrid shouted. “Jason and I are not children. I don’t need your permission to have him in my house.”

“What would your dead husband say about you having him in the house he provided for you and his son?” Lois probed. “How would he feel about this?”

Ingrid closed her eyes tightly as her mother droned on about how she was being disrespectful to her dead husband’s memory by having Jason in her house.

“Mother, Jason is DeShawn’s father,” Ingrid exclaimed. Lois swooned and grabbed the edge of the table. “What? You can’t be serious. If that little boy is. . .Why would Louis marry you if you were carrying his child?”

Ingrid dropped her head. “Because he wanted to help me,” she said quietly. “We knew what would’ve happened had I shown up here pregnant and single.”

“I-I, this is unbelievable,” Lois stammered. “Why would that man take responsibility for his child and what kind of man allows that to happen?”

“I didn’t know until a few days ago,” Jason said. “And I’m here now to take care of my responsibilities.”

Lois sucked her teeth in a disgusted manner. “Is that supposed to mean something?”

Ingrid slammed her hands on the table, rattling the dishes. “Enough. I never wanted you to know about this, because I knew what your reaction would be.”

“Does DeShawn know?” Lois asked. “Have you been lying to that little boy all of his life? And for what? To protect him?” She pointed her thumb at him as if he were a bug on the wall.

“No, I did it because I had to protect myself and help Louis.”

Lois placed her hand over her mouth. “So it was true?”

“Does it matter? He was a good man who took care of me and your grandson.

Everything else is irrelevant,” Ingrid said heatedly.

Lois shook her head, “I just can’t believe this. You didn’t have to put on this elaborate ruse. You’re my daughter and I have always supported you.”

Ingrid stared at her mother in disbelief. “You and I both know that isn’t true.”

Jason rose to his feet, “I think you two need to talk without me being here,” he said.

“Go on and run, you’re good at that,” Lois hissed.

“Mother! Jason is going to be a part of our lives and you’re going to have to learn to deal with it. DeShawn is his son and he wants to get to know him. I can’t deny him that right any longer.”

“Fine,” Lois snapped. “I’ll leave you to this happy family dream you’ve cooked up. But mark my words, it won’t last.”

With that, she stormed out of the house and Jason crossed over to Ingrid, taking her in his arms. “She’s wrong,” he said. “This isn’t a farce and we’re going to last. This time it’s going to be forever.”

Ingrid looked up at him, wanting to believe that he was telling the truth, but she still had seeds of doubt planted in her mind. She let the moment pass without saying a word, she just clung to Jason in silence.

“Mommy,” DeShawn called out from the living room. “Where did Grandma go?”

Ingrid pushed back from Jason and walked into the living room. “She had something to do. Are you ready to go see Miss Celina?” she asked, forcing a smile.

“Yeah!” he exclaimed then dashed upstairs to get his notebook. Christina looked down at her friend from the top of the staircase.

“Any blood on the floor?”

“No, not this time,” Ingrid replied.

“So, what happens next?” Christina asked.

Ingrid shrugged her shoulders. “I wish I knew.”





Chapter Thirteen


Jason hung back in the kitchen as Ingrid talked to their son. He knew he had to make things right between them and be a father to his son. No matter what Lois thought of him, his priority was loving DeShawn and Ingrid. Quietly, he hoped that at some point, Ingrid and DeShawn would make a home with him. As he was about to walk into the living room to join the group, his cell phone rang.

“Yeah?” he answered in a clipped tone, hating to be disturbed at this moment.

“You got me in this damned backwoods town and we haven’t talked about this contest because you’ve been chasing that woman,” Ruby snapped.

“Now isn’t a good time,” Jason replied.

“When is a good time? After you pull away from that fat girl’s restaurant? Or have you made it back into her bed yet?”

“Go to hell, Ruby,” he declared.

“I’m already there,” she said. “If we’re going to do this contest, then we need to hammer out the details or I’m going to call this whole thing off. It’s a waste of time anyway because this is all about you coming here to . . .”

“Didn’t I say I’d get back to you? I have something important going on right now.” Jason snapped his phone shut before Ruby could respond. He bounded into the living room and smiled at DeShawn and Ingrid. “Are we heading to the art gallery?” he asked.

“Are you sure you have time?” Ingrid asked. “DeShawn and I heard your conversation.”

“Sorry about that.”

“You sounded mad,” DeShawn said.

Jason knelt down in front of his son. “I’m not mad at you or your mom. It’s just that sometimes, people want me to do things that I don’t want to do and I have to let them know that my time is my own.”

“OK,” the little boy replied with a shoulder shrug.

“Well, let’s get going,” Ingrid said as she headed for the door.

“We can take the limo,” Jason said as he followed Ingrid and DeShawn outside.

Christina waved to them from the door and said she’d lock up after she finished her pancakes.

Jason ushered a wide-eyed DeShawn and Ingrid into the limo. “Wow,” DeShawn exclaimed as he settled in the leather seats. “This is big.”

“It is,” Jason said. “It’s like riding in your living room. Do you like video games?”

“Yes, sir,” the boy said then looked at his mother. “But Mommy doesn’t let me play the really cool ones.”

“The violent ones,” Ingrid corrected.

“What about football? I have the new Madden game.” Jason pressed a button and a flat screen television rose up. He opened the center console and handed the little boy a controller for the video game. “What do you say we play?”

“May I, Mommy?” he asked sweetly.

Ingrid sighed. “Go ahead.” She leaned back in the seat and smiled as they played the video game. It was a short battle because they were at Celina’s gallery in less than ten minutes.

“Aw!” Jason said as DeShawn scored a touchdown on him. “We’re going to have to finish this game.”

“You’re going to lose,” DeShawn replied smugly.

Jason stroked his son’s head and laughed heartily as the driver opened the door. “Pretty confident, huh?”

“Wonder where he gets that from?” Ingrid quipped as she got out of the car. Jason shook his head and laughed.

“Who knew that a three year old could play that game like that?”

Ingrid shrugged as DeShawn rushed in the gallery. “All he had to do was press the buttons. Besides, people always say DeShawn has been here before. He’s very advanced for his age.”

“Smart like his Mama,” Jason as he held the door for Ingrid. She turned toward him and offered him a weak smile.

“What’s wrong?”

She shook her head and walked in ahead of Jason. DeShawn was hugging Celina and showing her his notebook.

“He really likes her, huh?” Jason asked.

“Yes, she really brings out his artistic side. I want him to be well rounded.”

“You’re a wonderful mother,” Jason said “He has a lot of love in his life.”

“He does and the last thing I want is to have his life disrupted,” Ingrid said. “Please be honest with me, you’re really willing to put our son first?”

“Yes. Ingrid, despite what you think, you have always been first in my life. What happened three years ago was orchestrated by. . .”

“The people who are still running your career,” she interjected. “What's really changed?”

“I have.”

She folded her arms across her chest. “Is that so? Jason, I’ve always known that music has been your dream. That was fine when it was just us, but it doesn’t work like that when a child’s involved. So before I tell this little boy that you’re his father, I need to know for sure that you’re going to be the father that DeShawn deserves.”

“Ingrid, I don’t want to do anything to hurt my son. I want to get to know him and be the father that he needs,” Jason said. “He’s now the most important thing in my life.”

She stared deep into his eyes as if she was searching for truth in his words. Jason took her face in his hands. “Believe me,” he whispered.

“Well, hello,” Celina said as she walked over to them. “DeShawn told me that you guys want to see his new masterpiece.”

“He wouldn’t show it to me until you saw it first,” Ingrid said as she pushed Jason’s hands away and faced Celina. “Celina, this is Jason Campbell.”

“The famous Jay Slade,” Celina replied as she extended her hand to him. “I think your music was playing when my husband Darius and I started our family.”

Jason smiled warmly at her. “That was a good thing, I hope.”

“Oh, yes. I had no idea that you were from Elmore,” she said. “There is a lot of talent in this town. Come on, let’s look at DeShawn’s masterpiece.”

Jason and Ingrid followed Celina across the gallery to the classroom where she held her workshops for the kids.

DeShawn was sitting in front of an easel with his notebook open. “Look Mommy,” he said as he pointed to the picture. It was a drawing of a woman standing in front of a house and an angel looking down at her smiling. “That’s you and Daddy,” DeShawn said. “Miss Celina’s going to help me paint it.”

Ingrid placed her hand over her mouth to hold back her gasp. The picture had a childlike innocence to it, showing that DeShawn still missed Louis and listened Ingrid when she told him that Louis was in heaven looking down on them. How was she going to break the news to him that Jason was his real father?

“That’s beautiful,” Ingrid said as she fought back the tears.

Jason glanced at the picture and forced himself to smile. He wanted DeShawn to know he was his Daddy; and he was right here. But he knew that the little boy would need time to adjust to it.

Sighing, Jason walked over to the easel and looked at the picture. “It’s a really nice picture,” he said. “You have a lot of talent.”

“Thank you,” DeShawn said as he took the paintbrush Celina handed to him.

“You guys don’t have to stay, because this might take a while,” Celina said. “Once we get in the zone, we’re going to tune you out anyway.”

Ingrid kissed DeShawn on the forehead. “Is it okay if we go to the restaurant and bring you guys lunch later?”

DeShawn nodded. “Hamburgers?”

Celina crinkled her nose and Ingrid said, “How about a hamburger for you and roasted veggies for Miss Celina?”

“OK.”

“What about me?” a silky voice said from the doorway. All eyes focused on Darius McRae, Celina’s husband, who leaned against the doorframe with Darius Jr. at his side. The two Dariuses looked like mirror images of each other, same brown skin and sly smiles.

“Mommy,” Darius Jr. exclaimed then bounded over to his mother with a notebook of his own. Celina hugged her son and tugged at his afro, which was a near replica of hers.

“Are you ready to paint, too?” she asked. “Even though Daddy made you late?”

Darius walked over to his wife and kissed her gently on the cheek. “It couldn’t be helped. People are getting ready for the lawn competition, so the hardware store was slammed. But my boy here was a big help. And quite the salesman.” He looped his arm around her waist and turned to Ingrid and Jason. “How are you guys doing this morning?”

“We’re good,” Ingrid said as she watched the couple. Part of her thought that should’ve been her and Jason. Seeing how happy Darius and Celina were made her wonder if she could have that with Jason.

“Ooh, Darius,” Celina said as she shrugged out of his embrace. “Do you know who this is?” She pointed at Jason. Darius looked from DeShawn to Jason and immediately thought DeShawn’s father.

“I can’t say that I do,” he said as he extended his hand to Jason.

“Jason Campbell, also known as Jay Slade,” she said. Jason smiled and shook Darius’s hand.

“Oh yeah? I love your music, it sets the mood perfectly. I think you might be responsible for the new baby.”

Celina slapped Darius on his arm. “We weren’t supposed to tell anyone yet!”

Ingrid smiled happily at the couple. “Well, congrats,” she said. “And I promise to keep my mouth shut.”

“Thanks,” Celina said as she touched Ingrid’s shoulder. “We haven’t even told Jr. yet.”

“Well,” Darius said. “We haven’t, but I kinda did. Hey, don’t get mad at me because I love being a father.”

Jason smiled even though listening to Darius talked about how happy he was to be a father felt like a sucker punch to the stomach. What he wouldn’t give to be standing in Darius’s shoes with Ingrid at his side announcing that they were having another baby. They would’ve been married now if he hadn’t listened to Ruby and tuned Ingrid out three years ago. Yes, he wanted the success in the music industry but seeing how happy Darius and Celina were, he wondered-- was the price of fame too high?

“We’d better get out of here so we can bring all of you guys some lunch,” Ingrid said. “You want your usual?”

Celina nodded. “And it’s OK if you sneak some turkey burgers in for the hubby and the kid.”

“All right,” Ingrid said. “We’ll be back soon.”





Once Ingrid and Jason made it to the restaurant, she noticed how quiet Jason had become. As she walked into the kitchen through the rear entrance of the restaurant, she reached out for his hand. “What’s wrong?”

“I was thinking about Celina and Darius,” he said quietly. “That should’ve been us.”

Ingrid sighed. “We can’t rewrite the past. You made your choices and I made mine.”

“But we made bad choices,” he said. “Both of us.”

Ingrid raised her eyebrow at him, but kept silent. “What I’m saying,” Jason continued, “is that we should’ve been able to talk to each other and be honest. I should’ve told Ruby to go to hell a long time ago. I wanted to be your first and only husband.”

“Jason,” Ingrid said as she washed her hands. “Why are we doing this?”

“Because, I want my family.”

“What?”

“You asked me if I would give up the music business and the fame for my son and I will do it for both of you,” he said.

“No, you’re doing and saying this because you feel obligated and I don’t want. . .”

“I love you, always have loved you and the last three years only showed me what I had with you in my life. You never cared about Jay Slade, you’ve always loved Jason.”

“Please, don’t do this,” she said as she shut the water off. “You feel obligated to us and that’s no way to start a life together.”

“That’s not what I’m feeling. I want this life and I want you.” Jason closed the space between him and Ingrid, he gently stroked her cheek. “Do you want to take this journey with me?”

She stepped away from him. “Jason, I don’t know. I don’t think I can ask you to give up your life when I know how much you love music. Do you really think you’re going to be happy here?”

“I’ve gotten to the point where I can do my music from anywhere. I want Elmore to be my home and I want to make that home with you and DeShawn, if you will have me.”

“Hey Miss Ingrid, you cooking today?” Felix asked as he entered the kitchen. “I could sure use the help. The lunch rush is crazy today. When did you come in?”

“Just now and I’m only here to make lunch for Celina and a few of her students.”

Felix looked at Jason and smirked. “This one of her students?”

Ingrid rolled her eyes and laughed at her cook. “You just handle the lunch rush and I’ll be out of your way shortly.”

Jason stood to the side and watched as Ingrid made turkey burgers, grilled Portobello mushrooms and toasted the buns for the sandwiches. She looked at ease in her kitchen and he couldn’t help but wonder if he should help her expand her empire. Ingrid deserved the best and he was going to do all the he could to make sure she got it. Then it hit him, Ingrid had always put other people first, but what did she really want? What were her dreams and her heart’s desire?

“Jason,” she said, breaking into his thoughts. “Can you hand me a box from the shelf?”

“Sure,” he said as he reached for the Styrofoam carry out box so that she could pack up the food.

“Are you ready?” she asked.

“Yes.”

“All right, Felix, I’ll be back for dinner,” Ingrid called out as she and Jason headed out the door. When they made it outside to the limo, Jason turned to Ingrid and smiled.

“Do you love running the restaurant?” he asked.

She shrugged. “I guess. It was Louis’s dream and I helped him make it a reality. Cooking has always been something I was good at.”

“But what do you want?”

“To make sure my son is taken care of,” she said. “Nothing else really matters.”

Jason gently stroked her thigh. “I don’t think you’re being fair to yourself,” he said. “You’ve always made other people happy, don’t you think it’s time for you to have some happiness of your own?”

“What makes you think I’m not happy? Just because I don’t ride in limos every day and have people screaming my name doesn’t mean I’m not happy,” she retorted.

“I’m not saying that,” Jason said in an attempt to calm her down. “I just know that you dropped out of school to help me, then you came back here and ended up helping Louis. It’s time that you put yourself first for a change.”

“Don’t try and ease your guilt by thinking you have to come here and buy what you think will make me happy,” she said as the limo pulled up to the Thomas Hart Gallery.

Jason started to say something but the driver opened the door. Ingrid rolled her eyes at Jason. “Can we talk about this later? I’m sure our son is hungry.”

What the hell just happened? he thought as he followed her inside.





Chapter Fourteen


Ingrid watched DeShawn as he tried to eat and paint at the same time. Though she was trying to focus on her son, her mind was on what Jason had said in the car. Was she happy? When she followed Jason to New York, it had been all about helping him realize his dreams. Somewhere along the way, she lost herself. She’d figured that once Jason established himself as Jay Slade, she’d have time to work on her writing career. All her life, she’d heard that New York was the place for writers. For the last few years, she’d been secretly writing a book based on her life, but having DeShawn and the restaurant put her ideas of being a writer on the far back burner. But Jason’s questions made her wonder if she should start focusing on what she wanted from life? The question was, what did she want?

“Ingrid,” Jason whispered as he walked up behind her. “I didn’t mean to offend you earlier.”

“It’s not that I was offended,” she said quietly. “I haven’t thought about my happiness and my dreams for a long time.”

“I think it’s time for that to change,” he replied.

“You don’t even know what my desires are,” she said as she took the empty food boxes from the table where the kids and the McRaes had been eating. Jason took the trash from her hands.

“Tell me.”

“Maybe later,” she said. “I have to get back to the house so that I can get ready for work.”

“Then let’s go,” he said.

“Celina,” Ingrid said as she walked past Jason, “what time do I need to pick DeShawn up?”

“Oh, I can drop him off at your place,” she said. “And thanks for the Portobello mushroom sandwich. It was great. Please tell me you're adding this to the menu."

“I will make it for you anytime you want it. As far as dropping DeShawn. . .”

“I can stay with him while you work,” Jason said, catching Ingrid off guard.

“Don’t you have something you need to do?” she asked.

“What’s wrong with me spending time with my s. . .”

“Fine,” Ingrid said. “You can pick him up. Celina, see you later.” The two women hugged then Ingrid and Jason got into the limo. They took the short ride back to her house in a tense silence.

“Ingrid,” he said as they got out of the car. “Are you going to let me help you find your dream?”

“No. Jason, the last thing I need is for you to try and make me happy. It’s not as if you’ve done a great job of that in the past,” she said.

“I know that and. . .”

“Jason, I’m sorry, you didn’t deserve that. I chose to follow you to New York and I had my own reasons for wanting to be there. But don’t think you’re responsible for making me happy or making my dreams come true. I’m not some Disney princess waiting for Prince Charming to come and make everything better.”

“I know I’m not responsible,” he said. “And I know that you’ve done everything that you wanted to do, it’s just that it benefited everyone except you.”

Ingrid shrugged her shoulder and unlocked the front door. “What do you expect me to say? I’m a mother now and anything that I want to do has to be tempered with what my son needs.”

“I can help you with our son,” Jason said.

“Is that so? I understand that you want to be a part of his life and I’m willing to let that happen, but you need to get to know him before you can come in here and dictate how much help you will be.”

Jason placed his hand on Ingrid’s shoulder. “Let’s be clear on something, I’m not trying to fight you on anything. I think you’ve done a great job raising DeShawn, he’s an amazing little boy and I will be a part of his life. I’m not trying to take over.”

“Never thought you were. And it’s not as if I was going to let that happen,” Ingrid said as she walked inside.

“Didn’t think it would,” he said with a slight smile on his lips. Ingrid turned and glanced at him also with a smile on her face.

“We shouldn’t fight about DeShawn, because I know you’re going to give him the best that you have.”

And you too, he added silently. Jason reached up and stroked her cheek. “You’re right, I’m going to do right by my son and try to make up for the time that we lost.”

A surge of guilt rippled through Ingrid’s senses. “That’s my fault,” she said quietly. “I should’ve trusted that you would’ve. . .”

“I didn’t give you much of a reason to.”

“But I should’ve known better and I should’ve known that Ruby was up to her tricks,” Ingrid said.

The mention of Ruby’s name sent a chill down his spine. He had to meet with her and get this contest off the ground. “Ruby,” he said.

“Is that bitch still here?” Ingrid snapped. “I’m sorry, I know you have to work with her and that’s fine, but . . .”

“I don’t have to work with her,” Jason said. “I’ve gotten to a point in my career where I can write my own ticket. Back in the day, I needed Ruby, now she needs me. But if you don’t want her around, she doesn’t have to be. She’s going to need me to re-sign with the label if she wants to keep her job.”

“And what will that mean? More records, more touring and more time with Debony?”

“No.”

“Jason, your life is in New York,” she said. “After getting away from this place, I can’t expect you to come back to Elmore and settle down. You’re used to being on the go. How long can you be satisfied with your life here?”

“I live in a hotel and eat room service, that’s really not a happy life, babe.”

Jason wrapped his arms around Ingrid and pulled her against his chest. “I know exactly what I need to be happy and I’m holding half of it right now.”

Ingrid wanted to kiss him and she could feel the heat of his breath dancing on her neck. He was taking her to a place that she wanted to go, but didn’t have time to put into action. She pushed back from him. “I have to go,” she said. “The dinner shift.”

Jason was slow to let her go, brushing his lips against her neck. “After dinner, what are your plans?”

“Closing up the restaurant, cleaning the grill and counting the till,” she said.

Jason frowned. “And what are you going to do after? Wait, I’ll tell you what you’re going to do. You’re going to come here for a night cap. DeShawn should be asleep and I’ll be her waiting.”

“Then I’ll see you after closing,” she said with a slight smile on her lips. Jason leaned in and gave her a gentle kiss on her lips. As Ingrid got into her car and headed for the restaurant, she didn’t want to give in to the belief that this could be her future. Though, it sure felt good to know Jason was going to be waiting for her tonight.





After Ingrid left, Jason sent the limo away and called Christina. “Jason, what do you want?” Christina asked.

“I need a favor,” he said sweetly. “I have to pick up my car and my son. But my car is at the hotel and I’m at Ingrid’s and I don’t have a key to get back in.”

“Why don’t I come can get the keys to your car and drive it back to you? Is it a manual drive or automatic?”

“Chrissy, you know that car is really important to me,” he said. “If you get one scratch on it. . .”

“What’s more important, Ingrid or that damned pony? Which, I might add, is not a stable family car.”

“Why do I feel like that was a bid for me to sell the car to you?” he asked with a laugh.

“Can’t get nothing past you, huh?” she quipped. “Man, do you know how long I’ve wanted a Mustang like that one?”

“I’m not selling you my car,” Jason said. “But you can drive it over here.”

“And around town tonight while you and Ingrid are doing the date thing?” she suggested.

“Where’s my son going to be?”

“Sleeping. I’ll see you to get those keys in a little bit,” she said then hung up the phone. Jason looked down at his watch and wondered if DeShawn was finished with his art project. Part of him was worried about how DeShawn would react to him showing up to claim him without his mother?

Jason smiled as he thought about that morning that DeShawn saw him lying in bed with his mother.

“Hey, mister, what are you doing here?”

“I was just leaving,” Jason said as he stared at his spitting image.

“How do you know my mommy?”

“We’re old friends,” he said. “How old are you?”

DeShawn stuck his chest out and smiled. “Three.”

Would telling DeShawn the truth about who Jason really was ruin his life or would he be willing to accept Jason as his Dad?

Moments later, Christina was walking through Ingrid’s front door. She tossed Jason the keys to her car. “Where’s the pony?” she asked.

Jason handed her the keys to his car. “Please don’t race around town and wreck my car.” He glanced down at his watch. “I have to go and get DeShawn. Mind if I take your car?”

“Sure,” she said then dashed out the door.

Jason was quick on her heels, “Chrissy, how are you going to get to the hotel?”

“It’s only a few blocks away,” she said. “I’m going to walk. Don’t keep my godson waiting.”

Jason shook his head as he got into her Honda Accord and headed for Celina’s gallery.





As Ingrid served up a plate of fried chicken with all of the fixings to one of her regular customers, she couldn’t help but wonder how Jason and DeShawn were getting along.

“You seem preoccupied, Miss Ingrid,” said Damien.

“Hmm?”

“I asked you for a tea about five minutes ago,” he said.

“I’m sorry, I’ll get it for you. You want a slice of pie?”

Damien laughed. “You do realize that I just got my dinner, right?”

Ingrid placed her hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, you’re right, I am distracted today,” she said. Ingrid waved for Yolanda to bring Damien his drink.

Then she headed to the kitchen and called Jason on her cell phone. When he didn’t answer, alarms sounded in her head. Was everything all right with DeShawn? Had they been in an accident?

I shouldn’t have left them alone together. What the hell was I thinking? Jason and DeShawn don’t know each other like that. What if they were in an accident? It’s not as if he drives a car that’s safe for kids. Ingrid snatched off her apron and dashed out of the restaurant.

Ingrid hopped into her car and sped down the street to her house, her mind was muddled with every worst case scenario she could happen.





“Little man,” Jason said as he dipped his paintbrush in the watercolors. “If we’re going to surprise Mommy with this painting, we’d better hurry up.”

“OK,” the little boy said as he carefully traced a line on the picture he and Jason had drawn together. It was a picture of Ingrid from three years ago, a picture that Jason kept in his wallet. He was surprised that he could draw as well as he had. Some skills just don’t go away, he surmised as he watched his son painting. His son. Jason still couldn’t believe he was a father. He fought the urge to stroke the boy’s head. Just as he was about to get another plastic cup for them to use to clean their brushes, Ingrid stormed through the front door.

“Christina!”

“Mommy,” DeShawn called out as he looked up from his project.

Ingrid walked into the kitchen and locked eyes with Jason. “What-why is Christina’s car out there and why didn’t you answer your cell phone?” she asked in one breath.

“When did you call? Christina just brought my phone by because it was in my car,” he said as he rose to his feet. “What’s going on?”

She dropped her head in her hands. “I just thought something was wrong.” Ingrid looked down at the drawing DeShawn and Jason had been painting. “What are you guys doing?”

“Painting,” DeShawn said then turning his attention back to his and Jason’s drawing.

Jason crossed over to Ingrid. “You OK? You’re shivering,” he said as he stroked her arm.

“I was afraid that something had happened with you guys and I. . .”

“Overreacted?” he said as he pulled her into his arms and kissed her on the forehead.

“It looks as if you have everything under control here,” she said quietly.

“Yes, we’re fine,” Jason said. “You don’t have to worry about anything.”

Ingrid glanced at DeShawn, who was so engrossed in his work he wasn’t paying attention to her or Jason. “He’s always reminded me of you,” she said. “He does something and I think Jason would do the same thing. I wish I hadn’t kept him from you all of these years.”

“I wish I had made it easier for you to come to me when you found out that you were pregnant.”

“We can’t change the past,” she replied wistfully. “We both made mistakes and now we have to focus on what we’re going to do now.”

Before Jason could respond, his cell phone rang. He looked down at the screen and saw that it was Ruby calling. “I have to take this, unfortunately,” he said as he clicked the talk button. “Yeah?”

“What part of we need to meet didn’t you understand? I’m getting calls from Def Jam about this contest and if I don’t have a report by the end of the week it’s off.”

“This isn’t a good time,” Jason said through clenched teeth. “I’m busy.”

“Pull yourself away from Miss Piggy’s table and meet me at that restaurant in an hour or I’m pulling the plug on this bullshit,” she snapped.

“Fine, but you’re going to stop with these frantic calls when I know the only person at Def Jam who wants to shut this down is you,” Jason said.

“Whatever. It’s a stupid idea. These corn fed people wouldn’t know. . .”

Jason clicked the end button on his phone and turned to Ingrid. She shook her head.

“Ruby, huh?”

“The one and only. Unfortunately, I have to go meet with her.”

DeShawn walked over to Jason, “We have to finish our picture.”

Jason placed his hand on top of his son’s head, “I have to step out and I’ll be back as soon as my meeting is over and we’ll finish.”

DeShawn folded his arms and glared at Jason. “But I want to finish it now.”

Ingrid touched her son’s arm. “DeShawn, you’re being rude. Jason has to go to work,” she said.

“But I’ll be back, I promise,” Jason said. “And I never break a promise.”

“OK,” DeShawn said dejectedly. Ingrid hugged her son to her hips and kissed the top of his head. She quietly whispered to him and Jason wanted nothing more than to stay with his family. As he stood there and watched Ingrid and DeShawn, Jason knew that he had to have her and his little boy in his life. He needed Ingrid to be his wife in the worse way. All he needed to do was convince her that they—after all of this time—still belonged together.





Chapter Fifteen


Jason stormed into the restaurant and sought out Ruby. He wasn’t surprised to find her huddled in a corner with Debony. Ain’t this a . . . “Ladies,” he said when he approached the table. “I hope we can take care of this quickly.”

Ruby leaned back in her seat and glowered at Jason. “Quickly? I’ve been waiting to talk to you for days. You got me . . .”

“Chill out, Rube,” Debony said. “Jason did have a concert last night and we all know he came here for her.”

Ruby rolled her eyes and propped up on her elbows. “When are we going to get this damned contest started?”

“Next week,” Jason said. “I’m going to put the word out in some churches and I was thinking that we could have three rounds and do the performances at Glen Park on Saturdays. At the final performance, I’ll do a free show before we announce the winner.”

Ruby nodded. “That’s not a half bad idea and since we have Debony here, she can perform too.”

“What kind of game are you playing?” Jason asked. “Debony doesn’t need to stay here.” He turned to her. “Don’t you have a record to work on?”

She shrugged. “Ruby says that we’ll get more press coverage if I’m here. You want this thing to succeed don’t you?”

“Whatever, but I’m telling both of you—we only have a business relationship. What I do in personal time is none of your business. There will be no more disrespecting Ingrid,” Jason said forcefully.

“Nobody cares about that . . .” Ruby stopped talking when she saw the angry scowl on Jason’s face. “Fine. I’m going to call New York and get one of the interns to make some radio spots for southeastern radio stations. We’re going to find that star after all.”

Jason rose to his feet. “We’re done?”

Ruby waved her hands and shook her head. Jason dashed out of the restaurant. Ruby turned to Debony, “I broke them up once and I can do it again.”

Debony shook her head and waved for a waitress.





Ingrid knew when Jason left her place that this was the kind of life that she wanted to shield DeShawn from. She dealt with it in New York. When Ruby called, Jason had to run. Though he said things were different now, she couldn’t tell.

“So,” Ingrid said as she smiled down at her son. “Do you want me to help you with your painting?”

He shook his head. “You can’t draw, Mommy.”

She kissed her son’s forehead and laughed. “You’re right, but I can make you a peanut butter and honey sandwich. You definitely got your artistic talents from your Dad.”

DeShawn cast his eyes up at Ingrid. “Daddy could draw?”

She inhaled sharply as she realized her gaffe. Of course her son was still thinking of Louis as his father. She didn’t know how to start this conversation or if DeShawn would actually understand.

“DeShawn, I have to. . .”

Christina burst through the front door and dashed into the kitchen. “Wow! Where’s Jason? Oh my God, that car is amazing,” she said. “I can’t believe that I didn’t get a ticket.”

“He’s not here,” Ingrid said, somewhat happy for her friend’s intrusion. DeShawn rushed over to Christina and hugged her around her legs.

“What’s up, DeShawn!” she said as she brushed her lips across his forehead.

“I want to ride in the car,” he said excitedly, as if he was feeding off Christina’s excitement.

“How about no,” Jason said. Ingrid and Christina looked at him.

“When did you get here?” Ingrid asked.

He pointed to Christina, “She left your door open and when I saw her zoom past the restaurant, I knew I needed to reclaim my car. DeShawn, if your mom says it’s OK, then the three of us can go and get ice cream in my car.”

Ingrid fingered her throat and nodded. “Just promise me you don’t drive like this one.”

“Not when I have precious cargo in my car,” he said, inching closer to Ingrid.

“Mommy, can we go?” DeShawn asked. “Please?”

Christina winked at her friend. “You know I’ll lock up after you guys. Such a beautiful family,” she said as she took a seat at the bar.

Ingrid shook her head. “Let me grab my purse.”

DeShawn and Jason headed outside and Ingrid watched them from the window. It was as if DeShawn already knew he and Jason were connected. She could tell by the way her son held his hand. Ingrid smiled as Jason lifted him into the driver’s seat and DeShawn took the wheel as if he was really driving. She dashed upstairs and grabbed her purse, then she joined Jason and DeShawn.

“Is DeShawn driving us to the Cream Shoppe?” she joked.

“I can’t drive, Mommy,” the little boy replied with a laugh. She ran her hand across his head.

“Then, I’ll have to drive us,” she said as she snaked the keys away from Jason.

“Hey,” he said. “Am I ever going to get to drive my car again?”

Ingrid shrugged as she ushered DeShawn into the backseat. Jason hopped into the passenger seat and buckled up as Ingrid got behind the wheel. She started the vintage car and revved the engine. She smiled as the roar of the V-8 filled the air. “Wow,” she said then put the car in gear. Though she wanted to press the gas to the floor, Ingrid couldn’t be reckless with the two men she loved in the car. Yes, she’d finally admitted to herself that she still loved Jason, she thought as she glanced at him quickly.

“You look good sitting over there,” Jason said as she drove.

“Then you should give me the car,” she joked.

“It’s yours.”

Ingrid smiled and shook her head. “Yeah, right.”

“I can get another car, there’s only one you.”

When they arrived at the ice cream shop, DeShawn was chopping at the bits to get out of the car. He wanted chocolate ice cream and Ingrid wasn’t getting out of the car fast enough. As the three of them walked to the window to order their frozen treats, Ingrid turned to Jason.

“I was joking about you giving me your car.”

“But I was serious about giving it to you. I thought about you when I bought it. When we were growing up, you always said a Mustang was your dream car.”

“How did you remember that?” she asked.

He shrugged his shoulders. “Some of the best times I ever had were when it was just you and me and our dreams.”

“Then your dreams came true,” she said. “And that was the end of us.”

Jason took he hand in his and brought it to his lips. “And that was the beginning of my nightmare.”

“Yeah right, you were the star you wanted to be. On the cover of magazines, starring in ad campaigns wearing your underwear; and I don’t even want to know about the women.”

“No one could compare to you. Press agents and producers have arraigned most of my dates over the last three years. Half of those women actually thought my name was Jay Slade.”

Ingrid shook her head as the line inched forward. “What about Debony?”

Jason shuddered. “A mistake that I will always regret. That night in Atlanta, I was praying that I’d step off stage and you’d be there waiting for me. When I saw her and heard what she had to say about your e-mail, I just wanted to black out.”

“Well, why is she here, still looking at you as if she wants to sink her teeth into you like a vampire?”

Before Jason could answer, it was time for the three of them to order their ice cream. DeShawn got his chocolate waffle cone with sprinkles. Ingrid and Jason decided to share a bowl of butter pecan with caramel and whipped cream. They sat at one of the picnic tables across from the parking lot.

“It was Ruby’s idea to bring her here and I know it’s not for the contest,” he said as he took a spoonful of ice cream into his mouth. “I’ve already told the people at the record company that I’m ready to go behind the scenes.”

Ingrid nearly choked on ice cream. “Really?” she sputtered. “But I know how much you love to perform.”

“I want to be with you,” he said. “We let too much time past and I want a chance to get to know him and be the father that he needs and that I never had.”

Ingrid glanced at DeShawn, who wasn’t paying attention to their conversation. “But how long can you be happy in Elmore? You’ve traveled the world and coming back here is . . .”

“How long do you plan on living here? Because that’s how long I can be happy here.” He lifted his spoon to Ingrid’s lips. She shook her head.

“I can’t ask you to give up your life,” she said.

Jason slipped the spoon between her lips. “You’re not asking me to do anything. And there’s no need to discuss it. I’m staying here to be with you and my. . .DeShawn.”

The little boy looked up at Jason and Ingrid at the mention of his name, but he didn’t say anything.

Ingrid swallowed the sweet cream and focused her glance on Jason. She’d be lying if she said she didn’t want Jason to stay. There was a big part of her that wanted to see if she and Jason could be a family. Was she crazy for thinking that they could turn back the hands of time and have the life that they were planning three years ago?

“Jason,” she said. “We. . .”

“Should get married, I agree,” he said with a wily smile.

“What? Are you out of your mind?” Ingrid’s spoon flew out of hand and clanked to the ground.

Jason leaned into her and wiped a bit of cream from her chin. “Not this time. I’m not going to let you go again. Not when we have so much at stake this time.”

“Are you saying you want to marry me for the sake of DeShawn? And just how long do you think that kind of marriage is going to last?” she asked quietly.

“How long did you think you and Louis were going to last? I love you and I’m not hiding anything.”

Ingrid’s mouth fell open. “Look, this is different.”

Jason raised his eyebrow. “How?”

Before she could answer, DeShawn called out. “I’m finished.”

“So am I,” Ingrid replied with clear duality to her words. Jason reached out for her hand, but Ingrid dropped his car keys in his palm. “I’m going to sit in the back with DeShawn.”

“Ingrid, don’t do this. At least think about what I said.”

She walked over to the car with DeShawn and got into the front seat rather than the back as she had threatened. The silence in the car on the ride back to Ingrid’s house was louder than screaming. Jason looked intensely at the road and gripped the steering wheel until his knuckles turned white.

Ingrid kept her head turned and her face against the passenger side window. The whole time, she was pondering Jason’s “proposal.” She may have been more inclined to accept it had he not brought up Louis. Sure, she’d married Louis for convenience and because she thought she’d never see Jason again. Her love for Louis was like a sister who loved her brother dearly. Maybe that’s why she’d remained so protective of him and his secret. There were rumblings in the community, but Ingrid never listened and never talked about Louis to the town gossips. Jason knew the truth, but she felt as if he thought he had to compete with the things Louis had done for her and DeShawn.

“How long did you think you and Louis were going to last? I love you and I’m not hiding anything.” Echoed in her head as he pulled into her driveway and as soon as the car came to a stop, Ingrid hopped out.

By the time DeShawn and Jason got out of the car, Ingrid had the front door open and she looked as if the last thing she wanted was to discuss things further with Jason.

DeShawn had different plans, though. “Are you gonna come in and help me finish my picture?” he asked Jason when they caught up with Ingrid.

She shot Jason a cold look, silently hoping he would just leave.

“I made you a promise, remember. I don’t break my promises,” he said.

Ingrid sighed, knowing that DeShawn would’ve been upset if Jason hadn’t agreed to come in and finish the picture. That didn’t mean she was happy about it. “Come on in, you two,” she said. As Jason and DeShawn headed for the kitchen, Ingrid plopped down on the sofa, lost in her thoughts. She wasn’t alone for long.

“Why are you in here when your family is in the kitchen?” Christina asked, seemingly appearing from nowhere.

“What are you still doing here?” she asked her friend.

Christina shrugged. “I was going to ask Jason if I could drive the car again but it looks like you guys have something major going on.”

“It’s always something with that guy,” Ingrid muttered.

Christina sat down beside Ingrid. “What happened?”

Glancing around the corner to make sure Jason and DeShawn were well out of earshot, Ingrid turned to her friend and said, “He asked me to marry him.”

Christina squealed and Ingrid pinched her arm. “Don’t get excited,” she cautioned Christina. “His proposal has nothing to do with love.”

“Oh yeah, because he’s a mega super star who could have any woman he wants. Asking you to marry him is just, what, a publicity stunt?”

“No, he’s doing it for DeShawn and a marriage like that has no chance of lasting.”

Christina cocked her head to the side and peered at her friend. “But you married Louis. . .”

“I wasn’t in love with Louis and I knew just what I was getting into. He could’ve left me and I would’ve been fine with that. If Jason walks out on me or resents giving up his fast life to live here in Elmore, I couldn’t deal with that.”

“Listen, I don’t know what went down in New York, but think about this—Jason came back for you. If he didn’t love you, do you really think he would be here? You and I know how he feels about this town. Why else would he come back if it wasn’t for loving you?”

“For his contest?”

Christina shook her head. “You silly girl. And you’re supposed to be the smart one. I’m sure Jason could’ve gone anywhere to set up this contest. But he came to little old Elmore, South Carolina.”

Ingrid stood and crossed over to the front window. “I’m afraid. You know I never stopped loving him. But there’s more now. My son comes first.”

Christina expelled an exasperated breath. “His son too. When are you going to come to grips with that? I’m out. Call me when the wedding date is set.”

Ingrid started to stop her friend, but she now had more thoughts dancing in her mind. “Maybe I should marry him.”

A pair of hands encircled her waist. “Yes, you should.”

“Jason.” Ingrid turned around and faced him. She pressed her lips against his, kissing him slowly. “I’m sorry,” she said after breaking the kiss.

“If that’s how you apologize, then I’m still mad at you.”

“Where’s DeShawn?”

“He went upstairs from the kitchen.”

“I’m going to check on him, I’ll be back,” Ingrid said then headed upstairs.





Jason stood at the base of the stairs waiting for Ingrid to return. She didn’t know it, but he’d heard every word she and Christina shared. So, it was fear that was keeping them apart? Jason was going to make sure he quelled every fear she had. He smiled as she headed down the stairs.

“How’s the little artist?” he asked.

“He’s sleeping. I guess he’s had an action packed day,” she said.

“Ingrid, I want to be here every time that little boy goes to sleep and when he wakes up, I want to have breakfast with you two,” Jason said as he took her into his arms. “And right now, I want to take you up those stairs and taste every inch of you. I want to show you how much I love you and what you mean to me.”

“Jason, I . . .”

“I know you’re afraid and I know you think things are just as they were when we lived in New York, but they’re not. I am going to be a part of my son’s life. And if you let me, I’m going to be a part of your life too.”

“I want that, I really do.”

Jason eased his hand underneath her blouse, her skin feeling like silk to his fingertips. “You can have it. Just as I’m going to have you.”

Ingrid took his hand and led him upstairs to her room.





Chapter Sixteen


When they arrived in Ingrid’s bedroom, Jason pressed her against the wall and looked at her trembling frame. Desire crackled in the air like electricity. Jason placed his palm in the center of her chest between her full breasts. He could feel her heartbeat speed up as he slid his hand down on top of the buttons of her blouse.

“You’re so beautiful,” Jason breathed as he brushed his lips against hers. Ingrid moaned as she felt his fingers unbutton her shirt. Her full demi bra could barely contain her breasts and her nipples nearly poked through the lace. Jason’s mouth was drawn to them. As his lips covered her nipples, Ingrid’s knees went weak. “Umm,” she moaned as his tongue circled his nipples through the material. With a quick motion, Jason slipped her bra down, causing her ample bosom to spill forward.

“That’s better,” he said while massaging one breast and taking the other into his mouth. Ingrid arched her back, pressing her body against his hot mouth. Jason’s hand danced down her torso and ended up above the fly of her jeans. Her stomach clenched in anticipation and Jason felt it. Knowing that she wanted him as much as he wanted her, made his erection painfully aware to him as it pressed against his zipper. Dropping to his knees, he unzipped her pants with his teeth and gently prodded her to part her legs as he pulled her pants off. She followed his directive with shaky legs. Jason fingered her inner thigh as she lifted her foot to fully rid herself of her pants. Then, he took her leg and threw it over his shoulder, next he turned his face upward and buried it in the tenderness of her womanhood. Ingrid swallowed screams of passion as he lapped the sweet nectar spilling from her. She gripped his shoulder tightly with one hand and kept her balance by holding on to the edge of the dresser with the other. Barely able to breathe, she called out, “Oh,” as he pressed his mouth deeper into her. Her bud throbbed against his tongue as he lashed her back and forth.

“Jason,” she moaned. “Don’t. Stop. Please.” Her body shivered as the waves of an orgasm washed over her.

He pulled back from her and smiled. “I’m just getting started,” he growled. Taking her hand in his, he led her to the bed behind them. Ingrid lay back on the bed and Jason continued his sensuous assault on her body by kissing her neck slowly. Her body shivered as his lips danced against her skin and his hands caressed every inch of her smooth skin. Ingrid felt as if her insides were on fire and she desperately needed him to extinguish the flames right at that moment.

But Jason wasn’t ready to do that yet. As Ingrid lay across the bed, he spread her legs, running his fingers up and down her thighs making her legs quake. “Jason,” she cried as he dove between her legs and kissed her dripping folds of flesh.

Jason alternated his tongue and his finger, reveling in the wetness between her legs. It took everything in him not to bury his erection deep inside of her. Ingrid clawed at his shirt and he stepped back and quickly removed his clothes. He joined Ingrid in the bed and took her into his arms. “I love you,” he mouthed before capturing her lips with his. He gripped her hips as they kissed and his erection ached from desire.

Ingrid wanted to give him a portion of the pleasure he’d given her. She inched down his body, using her tongue to lead the way. Ingrid darted her tongue in and out of his navel. He arched his back as the heat from her breath warmed his lower belly. She stroked his throbbing erection with a long motion. He moaned as her lips captured his hardened muscle. She took him deep into her mouth, making Jason seize the sheets as she took him to the brink of release. “Ingrid,” he moaned. “Oh.”

When she pulled back from him, he quickly reached for his discarded slacks to retrieve the condom he needed to protect them with. He quickly rolled the sheath in place and turned to Ingrid, who was hot and ready to feel him deep inside her. She wrapped her leg around his waist and pressed her hips into his. Jason plunged into her, reveling in her wetness. Ingrid grasped as he rotated his hips and touched her most sensitive spots. She clamped down on his penis, tightening her thighs around him and falling into a sensual rhythm that rivaled the bass line of Jason’s hit song. “Yes,” he sang as they danced.

Ingrid arched her back and he dove deeper into her, making her wetter and wetter. She buried her mouth in his neck, gently nibbling on him and sending his body into overdrive. Unable to hold back, Jason exploded, filling the condom with his essence. He held Ingrid against his chest as the ripples of his orgasm washed over him. She traced the path of a drop of sweat from his chest to his navel with her fingertip.

“That tickles,” he said huskily. Ingrid smiled and rested her hand above his penis. She gently stroked him and rubbed her lips across his collarbone. “Umm, you’re not playing fair.”

She straddled his body with a sly smile on her face. “No, I’m not,” she said as she guided his hardness to her center. Jason responded just the way Ingrid wanted him to, arching his hips to meet her stroke for stroke as she rode him slow and deep. He threw his head back in complete ecstasy as she ground against him. She quivered as he pressed against her g-spot bringing her to the brink. Ingrid tightened her thighs around him as she reached her climax. She closed her eyes and part of her saw her future, waking up and going to sleep with Jason every night for the rest of her life. Though she couldn’t deny that’s what she wanted, the other half of her cried out, this can’t work. Her body stiffed and she uncoiled herself from him and plopped down on her back. Jason turned on his side and looked down at Ingrid. “What’s wrong?” he asked as he noted her change in attitude.

“Nothing, I thought I heard DeShawn,” she said as she rose from the bed and grabbed her robe from the headboard. “I’d better go check on him.”

Jason got out of the bed and stood at the door. “I don’t buy that. Ingrid, I’m not letting you walk out of that door so that you can return with a million excuses about us.”

“What?”

“I felt how we connected when we made love. I felt your love and I know this is right. But you have a wall that keeps coming between us.” Jason stroked her cheek.

“Jason,” Ingrid said quietly. “I can’t . . .”

“Can’t what? You can’t say that you don’t love me. You can’t say that we don’t belong together,” he said as he pulled her closer to his chest.

“I do love you, but I’m scared. What if we can’t make it work? I can take being hurt again, but can DeShawn? I don’t want to risk that.”

“There is no risk. I’m not going to do anything to hurt my son or you. This time is different because you’re all I need. To hell with the fame and the flashing lights, I just want you.”

A single tear trickled down her cheek and Jason wiped it away with his thumb. “Ingrid,” he intoned. “We can do this. We have to do this, not just for DeShawn, but because it’s right.”

Before she could answer, she heard DeShawn call out, “Mom.”

“I have to go check on him,” she said then quickly dashed out of the bedroom.

Jason walked over to the edge of the bed and grabbed his boxers and tee shirt then dressed and sat on the bed waiting for Ingrid to return. Though he wanted to ask her to marry him when she walked through the door, he didn’t say anything to her about marriage when she returned to the bedroom.

“Everything Ok with DeShawn?” he asked.

“He’s up from his nap. We’d better get dressed,” she said.

“All right. I’ve got to go and take care of something. What time is dinner?”

Ingrid shot him a questioning look. “What?”

“I’d like to have dinner with you and my son tonight. I’ll even bring the food. What time?”

“Six-thirty,” she said with a faint smile on her lips. Jason crossed over to her and kissed her full lips and patted her bottom playfully.

“I’m going to get dressed and get out of here. See you for dinner,” he said as he pulled on his jeans.





When Jason left, Ingrid and DeShawn watched a little television. As they sat on the sofa, she glanced at her son noting all of the similarities he had to Jason. The eyes, the hair and the way he smiled, that was all Jason. She ran her hand over his head and smiled.

“Mommy, you look funny.”

“What do you mean?” she asked as she touched her cheek. DeShawn shrugged.

“Is Mr. Jason your boyfriend?”

“What do you know about a boyfriend?” she said with a nervous laugh. The little boy shrugged.

“Auntie Chrissy said you have to stop tripping or he’s not going to be your boyfriend no more.”

Ingrid gritted her teeth. “Auntie Chrissy talks too much. And no, Jason isn’t my boyfriend.” She leaned over and kissed DeShawn’s cheek. “Mommy’s too old for a boyfriend, but Jason is very special to me and he’s going to be a part of our lives.”

“Really? He’s going to draw with me all the time?”

“When he’s not working, I’m sure he will.”

DeShawn clapped his hands happily. “I like him.”

Ingrid wrapped her arms around his shoulders and pulled him closer to her. “He’s going to bring us dinner tonight and we’re going to have a good time. Maybe you two can teach me how to draw.”

“OK,” DeShawn said. The mother and son got lost in their movie as they waited for Jason to bring dinner over. It wasn’t until the doorbell rang, waking Ingrid that she realized she and DeShawn had been stood up.





If looks could kill, Jason would be a murderer. He glared at Ruby who had ambushed him with this conference call with the New York office and she kept asking the same questions that had been answer an hour ago.

“Are we done?” Jason barked into the phone. He was still trying to understand why Ruby felt they needed to have a conference call with the New York office. Since he walked into the hotel with his grocery bags, Ruby had been doing everything she could to delay him from getting back to Ingrid’s. First, it was another discussion about the details of the contest. Then she wanted to share the details with New York, which led to this three-hour phone call. It was now five after seven.

“Good question,” said Wally Watkins, the vice president of A&R. “Ruby, we have really covered everything and you and Jay seem to be on right track. The check will be in the mail Monday so that we can get some marketing going on down there.”

“Yeah, but. . .”

“Ruby, I’m out,” Jason snapped then tore out of the room. He dashed to his room and grabbed his groceries. Looking down at his watch, he knew he was going to have a lot of explaining to do when he saw Ingrid. He pulled out his cell phone and dialed her number, realizing that he should’ve made this call an hour ago. As the phone rang and rang, he wondered if she would answer. Jason knew this was her biggest fear. She was afraid that his career would stop him from being there for DeShawn. Tomorrow, he’d put Ruby in her place once and for all. Tonight, though, he had to make amends with his son and Ingrid. He got into the car and sped to her house. Pulling into driveway, Jason prayed he could make Ingrid understand that this would never happen again.

With his groceries in one hand, Jason bounded up the steps and knocked on Ingrid’s front door. Minutes ticked by before Ingrid opened the door. Her face was contorted with anger. “What do you want?” she snapped.

“I know I’m late, but I did call.”

“Yes, an hour later. DeShawn was waiting for you and you did just what I knew you would.”

“It wasn’t my fault, I got drawn into a conference call about the contest and . . . Look, I’m here now. We can still have dinner.”

“I ordered pizza and DeShawn has already eaten.”

“May I still come in?” he asked, shifting his bags in his hand.

“For what? I told you that I didn’t want your career to cause disappointment for my son and what happened?” Ingrid folded her arms across her chest. “This is just the beginning.”

Before she could say anything else, DeShawn ran to the front door. “Jason! You’re late.”

“DeShawn. . .” Ingrid began.

“I know and I’m sorry, buddy. Let me make it up to you, I got some cookie dough in here, since I missed dinner, I can make you dessert.”

“Can he, Mom?” DeShawn asked, looking up at his mother with a wide smile on his cherub face.

Ingrid sighed and looked down at her son.

“Come on, Mom,” Jason said. “They’re your favorite, chocolate-chocolate chip.”

She opened the door wider and rolled her eyes. “Peanut butter, that’s my favorite. You like chocolate-chocolate chip.”

“Me too,” DeShawn said happily.

Jason followed her into the kitchen and set the groceries on the counter. “Ingrid,” he said. “This isn’t going to happen again.”

“Sure it isn’t,” she said as she reached up in the cabinet for a bowl. She handed the mixing bowl to Jason and turned to head out of the kitchen. He dropped the plastic bowl on the counter and dashed toward Ingrid.

“Wait,” he said. “Can we talk about what happened?”

“What is there to say? Ruby called and you jumped as usual. This is not going to work when it comes to DeShawn. If you say that you’re going to be here at six, then you need to be here at six. Or you could at least call.”

“If I could’ve, I would have but Ruby. . .”

“Say no more,” Ingrid said. “She’s still running your life and that’s not going to change. Until that happens, we can’t have a future and you can’t think that I’m going to allow you to disappoint my son over and over again.”

“Ruby isn’t going to be a problem any longer. I told you that I wanted to be with you and my son and my career won’t stand in the way.”

“Is that so?” Ingrid asked raising her eyebrow at him. “So, that’s why you prepared a great dinner for us tonight?”

Before Jason could respond, DeShawn and Christina walked into the kitchen. “Look,” DeShawn said. “Jason’s making us cookies.”

“Hello, Jason,” Christina said. “Are we interrupting?”

“No,” Ingrid said. “I’m going to clean up the living room.”

When Ingrid was out of ear shot, Christina shook her head then said, “What did you do this time?”

Jason rolled his eyes at Christina then turned to his son. “Hey, buddy, do you want to help me bake these cookies?”

“Can I eat some of the cookie dough?” DeShawn asked.

“Only if I can too,” Christina said as she lifted DeShawn up on a bar stool across from Jason.

“Fine,” he said.

“You never answered my question,” Christina said. “What did you do now and if you’re trying to win her back, you really suck at it.”

DeShawn laughed as Jason pulled the cookie dough out of a bag and glared at Christina. “Chrissy,” Jason said. “Ingrid and I are going to make this thing work.”

“Is that so? It doesn’t seem as if you’re doing a very good job of it. Every other day you two are going at it. And this Ruby bi. ..” Christina glanced at DeShawn. “Witch. She needs to get it together and get a life. Ingrid told me how she was one of the main reasons why she came back here three years ago.”

“I’m going to take care of Ruby,” he said as he pressed the cookie dough into the bowl.

“What if I helped you out?” Christina asked as she grabbed some dough and split it with DeShawn.

“How are you going to do that?” Jason asked as he added a little milk and sugar to the pre-mixed dough for added softness when the cookies were baked.

“Give me your keys and don’t let this little cookie monster eat all of the cookies before I return,” Christina said as she stroked DeShawn’s cheek. Jason passed her the keys to his car.

“Why do I feel like you’re scamming me just to drive my car?” he called to Christina’s retreating figure.





Ingrid walked out to the garbage can in front yard to dump the empty pizza boxes. Why did she allow herself to think that things were going to be different with Jason? Because he said it would be different and because you want to be with him. But it’s not just about what I want, I have to make sure my son is taken care of. That’s why I married Louis. I can’t let my son suffer.

“Hey,” Christina called out. “Are you hiding from him?”

“Leave me alone,” she snapped. “And where are you going?”

“Just taking a drive. Ingrid, you know I love you like a sister, but you’re being an ass. Jason is making every effort to be there for you and DeShawn and you’re not giving him an inch. You need to go in that kitchen and look at how much fun your son is having. And while you’re watching, think about all the fun you could be having when DeShawn goes to sleep.”

Ingrid shook her head and laughed despite herself. “You’re so crass sometimes,” she said. “But you’re right.”

“I know, but I’m glad you’ve admitted it,” Christina said as she slid into Jason’s car.

Ingrid took a deep breath and entered the house. As she approached the kitchen, she watched Jason and DeShawn playing around with flour and her heart nearly melted. Somehow, they were going to have to make this thing work.

“Are the cookies done?” she asked as she walked into the kitchen.





Chapter Seventeen


Jason smiled as Ingrid sat down beside DeShawn and grabbed one of the hot cookies. “Ouch,” she said as she dropped it quickly.

“I thought peanut butter was your favorite?” he said.

“Just wanted a sample,” Ingrid said. “They look delicious.”

DeShawn laughed as Ingrid wiped her fingers on a napkin. “You have to let the cookies cool off first, Mommy,” the little boy said.

“I know,” she said as she kissed him on the cheek. “Do me a favor, go in the living room until the cookies cool so that I can talk to Jason.”

“OK,” the little boy said as he hopped off the bar stool and dashed into the living room. Ingrid focused on Jason and expelled a breath.

“I owe you an apology,” she said.

“What?”

“I can tell you’re trying to make a change and I know that you want to. . .Aww, hell, Jason I want this to work and be different than it was when we were in New York and I can see that you’re trying.”

He crossed over to her and took her face into his hands. “Things are different, I’m older, I have a son and I have to show you that I’m good enough for you.”

Ingrid tilted her head to the side. “You’ve always been good enough for me.”

“Your mother didn’t think so. A lot of the same people in this town who act as if they are so happy to see me didn’t think I was good enough for you,” he said.

“Do you think I ever cared what those people thought? I loved you.”

“Loved? Is that past tense?” Jason’s lips were inches from hers and Ingrid shivered.

“It’s not past tense,” she replied. “I still and have always loved you.”

He leaned in closer, his bottom lip brushing against hers. “And I have always loved you, too.” In a quick motion, Jason captured her mouth and kissed her as if there was no tomorrow. They would’ve gotten lost in the moment if they hadn’t heard giggling from the doorway.

“Ooh, y’all kissing,” DeShawn said.

Ingrid and Jason laughed. “I think those cookies are cool now,” Jason said as he dropped his arms from around Ingrid.

She walked over to DeShawn and gave him a peck on the cheek. “Ready for one cookie?”

“Just one?” he asked.

“Yes, just one because it’s almost time for you to go to bed,” Ingrid said.

“Aw, man,” DeShawn said dejectedly.

“The sooner you go to sleep, the sooner tomorrow comes. Then you can have more cookies,” Jason said as he handed the little boy a cookie.

“Are you going to come visit me tomorrow? And maybe we can draw some more pictures?”

“I will definitely come over tomorrow,” he replied, casting a glance at Ingrid.

“It’s going to have to be after we go shopping for school clothes,” Ingrid said. “It’s about that time and DeShawn’s going to be starting preschool in August.”

“All right, why don’t I join you two for the shopping trip?” Jason asked.

“Can he, Mommy?” DeShawn asked excitedly.

“Sure,” she said, ignoring the voice in her head that said Jason would disappoint them again.

As if he could read her mind, Jason leaned over to Ingrid and whispered, “I plan to spend the night so we don’t have any problems like we had today.”

“Who said you were invited to do that?” she quipped.

“You did when you kissed me, I heard you.”

Ingrid glanced over at DeShawn who was focused on eating his big cookie. “Since you can read my mind, I guess I’ll have to make up the sofa for you.”

Jason grabbed a cookie and handed it to Ingrid. “I have something really special for you tonight,” he said in a hushed tone. “And you and I know I’m not sleeping on the sofa.”

“Really?” she asked with a mischievous gleam in her eyes. “And just where do you plan to sleep?”

Jason grinned. “There’s not going to be much sleeping going on tonight. Unless your name is DeShawn.”

“But I’m not sleepy right now,” DeShawn said with a sad frown.

Ingrid knelt down in front of her son and smiled. “You’re not going to bed right now,” she said. Then she shot Jason a heated glance. “But it is getting close to bed time.”

DeShawn looked up at Jason and said, “Will you read me my story tonight?”

Jason and Ingrid looked at each other. “Sure,” he replied. “As long as your mom’s OK with it.”

“That’s fine,” she said. “As a matter of fact, Jason can give you your bath while I clean the kitchen.” Ingrid waggled her finger at Jason. “You’re a messy cook.”

Jason took DeShawn’s hand in his. “The messier the better,” he joked as he and his son headed out of the kitchen.

Ingrid dried the last of the dishes and listened to the sound of silence coming from upstairs. Had Jason really put DeShawn to sleep so quickly? She dried her hands and crept upstairs to look in on her son and Jason. Ingrid expected to find DeShawn asleep, but what she didn’t think she’d find was Jason stretched out on DeShawn’s twin bed knocked out with the little boy resting on his chest. She smiled as she looked at them. This was right and this was how DeShawn should live—with her and his father. Was she going to be able to put her insecurities aside and let Jason in? Ingrid entered the room quietly and kissed her son and Jason on the forehead then covered them with a blanket.

When she went downstairs to lock up, Ingrid noticed Christina pulling into her driveway. She looked up at the clock on the wall and wondered where Christina was coming from. Ingrid opened the door and waited for her friend to come on to the porch.

“Where have you been?” Ingrid asked.

“Where’s Jason?”

“Upstairs, sleeping. Why?”

Christina plopped down on the rocking chair and looked up at Ingrid. “I think you and Jason should get married tomorrow. When you first told me about that Ruby chick, I thought you were exaggerating. There was no way anyone could be that big of a bitch, boy was I wrong,” she said.

“What did you do?” Ingrid sat down and focused on her friend.

Christina crossed her legs and turned to Ingrid. “Well, I took Jason’s car to the hotel and looked for her. I found Debony first and I asked her where was Ruby. She looked at me as if I was somebody looking for a record deal and tried to blow me off.”

“I’m not surprised. Did you talk to Ruby?”

Christina nodded and recounted her experience to Ingrid.

“Listen,” Christina had said to Debony, “I’ve known Jason and Ingrid for a long time and I’m sick of you and Ruby trying to ruin what they have.”

“Excuse me?” Debony had replied.

“Get your boss or partner in crime down here right now because I refuse to let you two break them up again.”

“And who the hell do you think you are?” Ruby had asked as she walked over to Debony and Christina. “I created Jay Slade and I’m not going to let some big corn fed country girl ruin what I’ve created. He’s a sex symbol, how is it going to look when he’s on the red carpet with a Lane Bryant model when he could be with a supermodel?”

“You are such a bitch. Jason and Ingrid love each other and there’s nothing you can do to change how they feel about each other.”

“All this small town ownership is getting old. Ingrid and Jay Slade aren’t Romeo and Juliet. He’s a grown man who needs to get out of this Podunk town and get back on the road. Back in the studio instead of being a chubby chaser.”

Christina had flinched as Debony giggled. “Jason isn’t a piece of property and he can make music from anywhere. He came back to Elmore because he loves Ingrid and he wants to make things right with her. Obviously no one has ever loved you or made a sacrifice for you. Then again, why would they? You’re a cold hearted bitch and you need some help.”

“And you need to get out of my face. Tell Ingrid that nothing has changed and Jay Slade is going to choose his fame over her again. But he won’t make the mistake of coming back here again.”

Ingrid shook her head, not surprised by what Ruby had said. “Why did you even go out there to see her?”

“Because I see what she’s doing to Jason and how she’s trying keep you two apart. I wanted to punch her, but she seems like the kind of person who would call the police and press charges. Don’t let her win, make things work out with Jason and you two stay together this time.” Christina handed Ingrid the keys to Jason’s car. “But I did do one thing before I left, Alison was working at the front desk and she told me what car Ruby was driving, so I let the air out of three of her tires before I drove over here.”

Ingrid stood up, laughing and shaking her head. “You’re crazy, you do know that,” she said.

Christina shrugged. “I’ve been called worse. Save me a cookie or two, I’ll see you tomorrow.”

Ingrid turned to enter the house and saw Jason standing at the front door. “How long have you been there?” she asked.

“Long enough to know that I’m glad Chrissy hasn’t changed a bit.”

Ingrid smiled as she opened the screen door. “She’s still nuts.”

“But she’s right.”

She raised her eyebrow, “About?”

“We’ve played around and danced around our feelings for too long. We should get married, sooner rather than later.”

“No,” Ingrid said as she brushed past him, praying that he didn’t hear her heart pounding out of control. Of course she wanted to marry Jason that was the plan three years ago before everything went to hell. But so much had happened and changed between them and so much remained the same. It was the same issues that bothered her. It was the same people, mainly Ruby and Debony that she couldn’t get past. They were still trying to play games in her life and marrying Jason wasn’t going to change that? Was it?

Jason grabbed Ingrid’s elbow. “You didn’t even think about what I said. Three years ago we were going to get married. We . . .”

“Three years is a long time,” she said quietly. “But Ruby is playing the same game.”

“Who cares about her? I don’t need Ruby anymore,” he said. “In this business, when you sell enough records, you write your own ticket. When Def Jam saw how much money I can bring in singing and writing, Ruby became a non-issue. She’s here because she needs to keep her job.”

“Why don’t you send her packing, then?” Ingrid snapped. “I don’t like her and she doesn’t like me either.”

“Well,” Jason said, rocking back on his heels. “Ruby is here to do the heavy lifting for the contest. While she thinks she’s in charge of something, she’s going to be the one running around getting the venues and paying for ads on the radio from here to Columbia.”

Ingrid folded her arms across her chest. “And what are you going to be doing?”

“Making love to my fiancée and planning our long overdue wedding.”

“This is crazy,” she said as she leaned against his broad chest. Jason wrapped his arms around her.

“Nothing is going to come between us ever again,” he whispered in her ear. “Let Ruby, your mother or anyone else try to keep us apart this time and it’s not going to happen.”

“So, when should we tell DeShawn who you really are?” Ingrid asked.

Jason captured her eyes with his. That was a question he couldn’t answer. Shaking his head, he finally said, “I don’t know.”

She held him tighter. “This has to work now,” she said. “There is too much at stake for us to let outside forces come between us again.”

“So, what are we going to do?”

“Love each other like we should have three years ago,” she said then brushed her lips against his.

Jason captured her lips and kissed her tenderly, making her swoon in his arms. He slipped his hand underneath her luscious bottom, stroking her cheeks as he kissed her. The intensity between them built like a smoldering fire, slowly engulfing them as they fell back on the sofa. Jason wanted to rip her clothes off and make love to her right there. But he knew DeShawn could walk into the living room and see them. Kids did wake up in the middle of the night some times. Pulling back from her, he stared at Ingrid’s tantalizing body. Her shirt was half off and her pants unbuttoned. She looked primed, ready and beautiful. Her curves were real and abundant as a woman’s body should be. “We have to take this upstairs,” he growled. “I want you so badly, I think I’m going to explode.”

Ingrid smiled and slipped her hand inside his pants to see how ready he was. Closing her hand around his thick erection, she rose to her feet, stroking him up and down nearly causing his knees to buckle.

“Ooh, don’t do that or I won’t be able to walk up those stairs.”

“I know,” she said, still stroking him as they took baby steps to the staircase. They made it midway up the stairs before Jason decided he was way too hot to take another step. Gently he pushed Ingrid back on the stairs. “Need to taste you,” he moaned, desire making his mouth water and his tongue heavy. He snatched her pants down to her ankles, then in a swift motion, he had her legs spread apart and the waistband of her panties between his teeth. With his finger, he traced her wet flesh, making her wetter and wetter. Ingrid swallowed moans of desire fearing she’d wake DeShawn as Jason pressed his finger deeper into her valley. Jason removed his finger and brought it to his lips then licked her sticky sweet essence. Ingrid shuddered as his head dipped between her thighs. Biting her lip, she braced for the moment when his tongue would touch her throbbing bud. When it did, she grabbed the edge of the stair and trembled. Jason drew circles inside her, tasting her love and branding her as his with his tongue.

Though she wanted to lose herself in his intimate kiss, Ingrid pushed his head to the side. “We have to get up these stairs,” she said. “I can’t take it anymore.”

“Now you know how I felt,” he said as he kissed her inner thigh and finished removing her pants and underwear. On shaky feet, Ingrid stood up and held on to the railing as she headed up the stairs to her bedroom. When they made it to the door, Jason wrapped his arms around her waist and slowly kissed the back of her neck. Ingrid felt chills vibrate up and down her spine. Jason slipped his hand between her thighs as she stumbled across the threshold of her bedroom. Gently, he stroked her until her knees buckled. Ingrid fell back on the bed and Jason stripped his clothes off.

He joined Ingrid in the middle of the bed and she wrapped her arms around him then began to kiss him slowly. She reached down and stroked his hardness and pressed it against her thighs. Ingrid parted her legs and mounted Jason. He struggled not to dive into her wetness. Leaning into him, she kissed his neck gently, flicking her tongue up and down his muscular column. Jason squirmed underneath her kiss as Ingrid inched down his body, spending time around his nipples and moving down to his sculptured abs. When Jason felt her warm breath at the tip of his penis, he arched his back in anticipation. She took the length of him into her mouth, her hand moving swiftly up and down his shaft as she sucked.

“Oh yeah,” he moaned as she took him deeper into her mouth. Jason struggled not to climax, struggled not to give in to the passion. He held her head between his hands and pulled her back. “Need. You.”

“You got me,” she said. “You got me.”

Jason wrapped his arms around her waist and turned her on her side then he brought her between his legs and stared into her eyes. “Do I really have you? Body, mind and soul?”

“Yes,” she breathed. “Yes.”

“I want you to be mine, forever, no more distractions. No more heartache.”

Ingrid brushed her lips against his. “Can you give me that? Can you make sure we have no more distractions, no more heartache?”

He kissed her gently then said, “I’m committed to making this work. I want to be with you forever.”

Ingrid wrapped her leg around his waist, pulling him closer to her womanly core. “Love me,” she moaned.

Jason dove into her, relishing in her wetness and loving the feel of her body wrapped around his. They rocked slowly, building heat between them that could set a city block on fire. Ingrid’s moans were like the sweetest music to his ears. When she ground against him, Jason felt as if he was about to explode. She was so wet, so hot and everything that he’d ever want.

“I love you,” he groaned. “Ingrid, I love you.”

She closed her eyes and in a voice that she didn’t even know she had, she proclaimed, “I love you, too. Always. Loved. You.”

Together, they rode into bliss, reaching their climax together and holding each other tightly as they drifted off to sleep.





Chapter Eighteen


It was the middle of night when Ingrid woke up with a start. Jason’s arms held her and she’d initially thought she was dreaming. But she wasn’t. They’d made love and he was still here. But how long would all of this last?

Stop second-guessing yourself, Ingrid chided. Jason doesn’t have to be here. Not when Debony is willing and waiting to screw his brains out. I’m sure Ruby would import any woman he wanted to get him out of my life. But he wants to be here and DeShawn deserves to know the truth. She inched out of his embrace, stole out of the bed, put her robe on and headed down the hall to check on DeShawn. Thankfully he was still sleeping. She walked into his bedroom and kissed his forehead as she adjusted his Batman blanket. Looking down at her son, Ingrid felt a rush of guilt wash over her. Why did she feel the need to hide him from Jason three years ago? Why was she foolish enough to believe Ruby’s lies? If anything, she should’ve believed in the love she and Jason had.

Yes, he wanted to sing and be a star, but how could she think he would’ve abandoned his child after the family life he had growing up?

Because she was Lois Russell’s daughter and she believed what her mother had always said about her own father. He was a faceless man who’d disappeared when she was three years old. Lois had said that her father loved the Army more than he loved his family. While he sent a monthly check, Ingrid never met her father and Lois instilled in her that men didn’t always take care of their responsibilities if it got in the way of their desires.

Maybe that was why she’d allowed Ruby’s words stab her and force her out of New York.

I can’t do to DeShawn what my mother did to me, she thought.

“Hey,” Jason whispered from the doorway. “I was wondering where you disappeared to.”

She waved him into the room. Jason stood behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. “Nothing’s wrong is it?” he asked, his voice filled with concern.

“He’s fine, I always check on him in the middle of the night,” she said. “Just to see what it’s like to have a peaceful night of sleep. He has no worries and is probably dreaming about his next art project.”

Jason smiled as he stared at his son and Ingrid. “What’s it going to take for his mom to sleep like that too?”

“I don’t know,” she said. “Telling him the truth and giving him the family that he deserves.”

“And we’re going to do that, together. He's going to have his mother and father and you’re going to have the husband I should’ve been three years ago.”

Ingrid leaned against his chest and smiled. “Is it really going to be that easy?”

“If we want it to be,” he said.

She turned around and faced him with a slight smile on her lips, “Then I guess we know what we have to do. I’ve got to get some sleep, I have to open the restaurant in the morning.”

Jason kissed her on the cheek and they headed back to the bedroom. Once they were in bed, Ingrid nestled against Jason and slept peacefully just like DeShawn.





Morning came around too soon for Jason’s taste. The blaring of Ingrid’s alarm clock hit him like a ton of bricks, especially since it was still dark outside. He groaned as Ingrid reached over him and hit the snooze button. It didn’t feel like five minutes when the clock buzzed again. This time, Ingrid got up and Jason groaned again. He was enjoying the warmth of Ingrid’s body against his.

“Do you have to leave?” he asked, his voice thick with sleep.

“Get used to it,” Ingrid said groggily then padded into the bathroom. Jason listened as the shower started and smiled. He was going to have to talk to her about getting someone to open up in the mornings so that they could spend their mornings sleeping and wrapped up in each other’s arms.

Moments later, Ingrid walked out of the bathroom wrapped in a fluffy pink towel. Water glistened on her skin and Jason’s body took notice.

“You really have to leave?” he asked as he sat up in the bed, tossing the blanket back.

Ingrid glanced over her shoulder as she dropped her towel. “Yes, but I can certainly make it up to you later.”

Jason leapt out of bed and crossed over to her, he took a hold of her naked body and kissed her on the back of her neck.

“Umm,” she said. “You’re not making it easy for me to leave and open my restaurant.”

“I know.”

“Jason,” she moaned as he rained gentle kisses down on her neck.

“You know you don’t want to go,” he said as he blew on her neck, making her shiver.

“But I have to,” she said as she reluctantly pulled away from him.

Jason stepped back and took a seat on the edge of the bed. He watched Ingrid as she dressed. “I know why you keep that place open, but have you given any thought as to what’s it going to take to make you happy?”

“I thought about working on my book, but. . .I don’t know, I don’t really have time to finish it and you might not like it,” she said with a smile as she slipped on her black pants.

“So, you’re writing about me?”

“About my life, calling it fiction because no one would believe it really happened that way.”

“If you want to get it published, I know some people in New York at different publishing houses.” Jason shrugged his shoulders. “As long as you say it’s fiction.”

Ingrid pulled her shirt over her head and crossed over to him. “Afraid of what I might say about you?”

“I know your story is going to have a happy ending, though your first draft may not have.”

“Work, I have to go to work,” she said as she broke his intense gaze. “I’ll be back around noon. Why don’t you bring DeShawn to the restaurant for breakfast?”

“Sounds like a plan, but it won’t be for a while.” Ingrid gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before she headed out of the room.

Jason lay back in the bed listening as she stopped in DeShawn’s room before heading downstairs. It was time to face the music, Jason knew he was going to have to talk to Lois and Ruby in order to clear the path for a happy life with Ingrid and his son. But he knew for certain that he was talking to anyone until he got some more sleep.

The next time he woke up, DeShawn was standing at the head of the bed poking him in the shoulder.

“What’s up, little man,” Jason said groggily.

“Where’s my mommy?”

“She’s at work.” Jason sat up with the blanket across his lap. “Why don’t we get dressed and go have breakfast at the restaurant.”

DeShawn smiled. “OK,” he said happily then dashed out of the room. Jason stood up and reached for his discarded boxer shorts, put them on and headed to the bathroom in the hallway behind his son.

“You need some help in here?”

DeShawn turned around and looked at him. “I’m a big boy. I can wash my face and brush my teeth by myself.”

“All right,” Jason said, unsure if he should walk out of the bathroom or watch the little boy until he was dressed and ready to go. He thought about all of the stories he’d heard about kids drowning in a few ounces of water. What if something happened to his son? Ingrid would kill him.

DeShawn looked back at Jason and pointed to the door. “You can go take your shower now,” he said.

“I’ll wait until you finish,” Jason replied. “You get in the shower and I’ll brush my teeth.”

“OK,” DeShawn said.

Jason turned the shower on for the little boy then grabbed a towel from the linen closet and placed it on the back of the toilet as DeShawn got into the shower. Jason washed his face as he listened to his son splash around in the shower. Smiling, he thought about how he used to take his time in the shower when he was younger. That’s where he used to sing and dance as if he were on stage.

Jason wondered if his son wanted to sing. That would be amazing if he could cultivate a love of music in his son. Then one day they’d be like Brian McKnight and his sons, singing and recording music together.

After DeShawn was finished in the shower and headed into his bedroom to dress, Jason took a quick shower of his own, even though he had to dress in the same clothes he had worn the night before. When the two were dressed, they headed out to Jason’s Mustang. He strapped DeShawn into the back seat and they headed down the street to the restaurant. Jason spent as much time glancing in the rear view mirror checking on his son as he did paying attention to the road.

DeShawn was oblivious to his father’s concentration on him as he watched the landscape passing him by. Jason smiled, thinking that his son would probably draw a picture with trees and bushes soon.

As they pulled up to the restaurant, Jason wondered if Ingrid would be able to walk away from this place ever.





Ingrid had been floating on air since she walked into the restaurant that morning. “Miss Ingrid,” Dina said, “why are you so happy?”

“What are you talking about?” Ingrid asked, fighting the urge to smile brightly.

“Are you and Jay Slade back together?”

Before Ingrid could confirm or deny, the door to the restaurant opened and Jason and DeShawn walked into the restaurant. “Mommy,” the little boy called out when he spotted her. He and Jason hopped up two stools in front of the bar. Jason winked at Ingrid and Dina clapped her hands before dashing off to her table of customers.

“Mr. Jason said you were going to make us a special breakfast,” DeShawn said.

“Really? What did Mr. Jason say I was going to make?” Ingrid wanted to lean over and kiss Jason but she could feel every eye in the restaurant watching their every move.

“Pancakes with chocolate chips,” DeShawn said.

“That sounds like something DeShawn wants,” Ingrid said. “And what can I get for you, Jason?”

“Well, I doubt that it’s on the menu,” he said in a low voice.

Heat rose to Ingrid’s cheeks as she thought about the night they’d shared together. “So,” Jason said. “I’ll take what the kid is having and a cup of coffee.”

“Chocolate chip pancakes for everybody, huh?” Ingrid said as she headed back to the kitchen. After she set the pancakes on the griddle, she headed back out front with Jason’s coffee and orange juice for DeShawn. “Here you go.”

“Why don’t you sit down with us?” Jason said.

Ingrid waved her hand around the half full restaurant. “I can’t,” she said as Dina walked by her.

“Yes, you can,” she said. “I’ll take over your tables.”

Ingrid smiled and poured herself a cup of coffee then sat down beside Jason. He took her hand in his and kissed it. “Your staff loves you,” he said.

“They do and that’s one reason why I’ve decided to keep this place open,” she said as she took a sip of her coffee.

“Have you ever thought about letting them run the place?”

“Can we talk about this later? I don’t want all of these prying ears to hear what we’re talking about and start spreading the word of me doing something with this place. But I wonder, why is it so important to you that I let someone else run this place? Is it because of Louis?” she asked. Before Jason could answer, the bell rang from the kitchen, indicating that their order was ready.

Ingrid got up and grabbed the plates, leaving Jason to ponder her question. He knew what the real deal was with her and Louis. But for some reason, he still had a problem with her ties to Louis.

“Here’s breakfast,” Ingrid said to her son as she set his plate of chocolate chip pancakes in front of him. She leaned in and kissed him on the forehead.

“Thanks, Mommy,” he said as he dug into his food. Ingrid turned to Jason.

“You’re not eating,” she said.

“I was thinking about what you said,” he replied quietly. “Maybe I’m a little jealous of this place.”

“Why? It makes no sense,” Ingrid said. “Unlike Debony, Louis is dead and we never slept together.” She looked around to make sure no one had heard her revelation. “Debony’s still around, so if anyone should feel jealous, don’t you think I hold that card?”

“There was never anything real between me and Debony. The whole time I was with her that night, all I could think about was you. And I know it sounds cliché, but it’s the truth. Maybe I just want a clean slate on both our parts.”

“But it’s not a clean slate when Debony is still here,” Ingrid said. “Especially since Ruby is the same snake that she’s always been. I know she wants to keep us apart now just like New York.”

“You want me to send them away?”

Ingrid placed her hands on her hips and looked into his eyes. “Yes. No. Don’t you have to do this contest? I’m not going to be petty. I trust that you love me and we’re going to be together no matter what or who’s in town.”

Then the door to the restaurant opened and Lois Russell walked in. She opened her mouth to speak to her daughter until she recognized Jason was the patron Ingrid was talking to.

“Well,” Lois said as she stalked over to the bar. “Isn’t this just cozy.”

“Hi, Grandma,” DeShawn said. Lois leaned over and kissed her grandson, then offered him a forced smile.

“Ingrid, what’s going on here?” Lois asked, not trying to keep her voice low.

A few heads turned in their direction, but Lois continued with her railing. “Are you going to let him walk back into your life and pretend that he didn’t hurt you and force you into living a lie?”

“Mother!” Ingrid yelled. “This isn’t the time or the place.”

“Mrs. Russell, things have changed with me and Ingrid,” Jason said. “We have. . .”

“A child, now you think you can come in and be a father after someone else did all the heavy lifting. You’ve always been trash. You came from trash, you treated my daughter like trash and you didn’t even acknowledge your own child. I guess this is good publicity for your new album or something. Because I know you don’t give a damn about DeShawn or Ingrid.”

“Get out of here, Mother!” Ingrid yelled. All movement in the restaurant stopped and looked at the drama unfolding at the counter. Lois banged her hand on the bar. “I’m not going anywhere until you realize that once again you’re making a huge mistake. You gave up your life for him once and it looks as if you’re stupid enough to do it again.”

Ingrid grabbed her mother by the forearm and ushered her out of the restaurant. “What the hell is your problem?” she demanded once she and her mother were outside. “I don’t appreciate you coming in here and putting my business on display for the whole town to digest.”

“Don’t give me that. You think these people aren’t talking about you and Jason being in here together? You think people aren't speculating if DeShawn is his son and wondering why you married Louis Harrington?” Lois folded her arms across her chest and shook her head at her daughter. “This is the same mistake that you made when you ran off to New York with him. You dropped out of school and gave up your dream and for what? To run this damned greasy spoon and marry a gay man?”

“Mom, please. This is my life and if I want to give my son a chance to know his father, then it’s my business. I’m not going to be like you and keep a child away from its father because of my own personal issues. Don’t try to make me who you are. I married Louis because I didn’t want to hear your judgments about me coming back to Elmore pregnant.”

Lois cocked her head to the side. “I love my grandson and I don’t care how he got here. You should’ve told me the truth,” she said quietly.

“Yeah, right. I would’ve spent the last three years listening to you tell me what a fool I was and how I let Jason use me. I could never come to you when it has something to do with him.”

“Ingrid,” her mother said. “I don’t. . .I know I made some mistakes, but you’re making an even bigger one if you think this man has changed and is going to be a father to your son. Is he going to give up living in the fast lane to come back to Elmore?”

“Yes, he is. And you don’t have to like Jason, but he’s DeShawn’s father and you will respect him. You won’t come back in here making a scene because you don’t like him.”

“What if he hurts you and DeShawn?”

Ingrid dropped her head in her hands. “Then that’s something I will deal with. My life, my issue if it happens. But until then, you need to learn how to get along with my fiancé.”

“What?!” Lois exclaimed.

“That’s right, he asked me to marry him and I said yes. If you want to be a part of our lives, you’re going to have to respect our relationship.” Ingrid stormed back into the restaurant.

“Mommy, is Grandma mad at me?” DeShawn asked. “She didn’t hug me.”

“No, Grandma was just in a hurry.”

“But she was yelling,” DeShawn said sadly.

Ingrid wrapped her arms around her son and held him tightly. “You know how Grandma is when she gets excited.” She kissed him on the top of his head and ushered him back to his food. “Eat your special breakfast, okay. Grandma will be back later and she’ll apologize.”

Jason reached out and took Ingrid’s hand. “You OK?”

She glanced at her son then shook her head. “Why would she come in here and make a scene like that?”

Jason shrugged his shoulders and kissed Ingrid on the cheek. “It’s all right,” he said. “We’re going to be just fine.”

“Isn’t this just a pretty picture,” Ruby said sarcastically. Neither Jason nor Ingrid had seen Ruby and Debony walk into the restaurant. Ingrid rolled her eyes at the women she’d dubbed the “Terrible Twosome.”

“I have to get back to work,” Ingrid said as she rolled her eyes at Ruby and Debony.

“Don’t leave on our account,” Ruby said. “As a matter of fact, I want to place an order.”

“Wait for the hostess to seat you and a waitress will help you,” Ingrid snapped then headed behind the counter. Jason turned his back to them, not wanting to talk to Ruby or Debony. But Ruby sat down on the empty stool beside him.

“You are so much bigger than this town. This contest is stupid and I’m ready to get out of here,” she muttered. “But you’re such a sentimental fool and you have to be here for that woman.”

“Ruby, you need to mind your damned business,” he snapped, keeping his voice low in an effort not to upset his son anymore.

“Write her a check and let’s get a tour with you and Debony on the road. I’ve made some calls and we can get rolling.”

Jason leaned back and folded his arms across his chest. “I’m not going on tour. I’m going to see this contest through to the end, but by all means, take Debony and hit the road.”

“Hey,” Debony said. “I’m standing right here. I’ll be happy to leave this place.”

“You’re part of the contest, remember,” Ruby said. “But Jay Slade could end all of our nightmares and call this shit off, now.”

Jason leapt to his feet. “Get the hell away from me. I’m not going anywhere and if you don’t want to be here, feel free to leave.”

DeShawn tugged at Jason’s pant leg. “Why are you yelling?”

Ruby looked from DeShawn to Jason and smiled. “Now, it all makes sense.”





Chapter Nineteen


Ingrid slammed a tray against the sink and cracked three coffee cups. “Miss Ingrid,” Felix, the cook, called out. “You all right back there?”

“I’m fine,” she said tersely. She wasn’t fine, she was pissed off. First her mother came in the restaurant showing her behind and now Ruby and Debony were skulking around. The last thing she wanted was to deal with the drama that those women were going to bring into her life. And her son’s life.

“DeShawn,” she whispered then headed out front into the dining room.

As soon as she walked over to the bar, she heard Ruby’s voice. “This isn’t about a contest or reclaiming fat girl. You came back to play Daddy to your long lost son. Why didn’t you tell me sooner? We could’ve had the media all over this place. Singer finds his son. Your record sales would go through the roof.”

“He’s not my Daddy! My Daddy’s in heaven,” DeShawn yelled.

Ingrid bound over to her son and grabbed him, pushing him behind her. Then she slapped Ruby across the face as hard as she could. “Get the hell out of here!”

“Who do you think you are? Kim Porter? You waited three years to cash in on his fame. What do you want, money?”

Every eye in the restaurant was focused on Ingrid, Ruby and Jason. Dina rushed over to them. “Miss Ingrid, you want me to throw her out?”

“Don’t bother,” Ruby said. “I’m leaving. Too bad you didn’t have sense enough to just send a check, Jay Slade.”

Ingrid lunged at her and Jason struggled to restrain her as Ruby and Debony walked out the door. “Why did you tell her?” Ingrid railed.

“I didn’t say a word to her,” Jason replied. “But you need to calm down.” He nodded toward a crying DeShawn. Ingrid dropped to her knees and hugged her son tightly.

“We need to get him out of here,” she said.

“All right,” Jason said as Ingrid untied her apron and tossed it on the bar. “Dina, I’m going home. If it’s an emergency, call me.”

“Miss Ingrid, don’t worry about nothing, we’re going to be fine.”

As Ingrid and Jason walked out the door, she heard someone mutter, “I always knew that was Jason’s boy because he looks just like him.”

It took all the calmness that she could muster not to turn around and say something back. Ingrid ushered DeShawn into Jason’s car, kissing him on the cheek, telling him that everything was going to be all right.

“Why did that lady say he was my Daddy? You said Daddy was in heaven,” DeShawn said through his tears.

“Let’s talk about it when we get inside, okay, baby?” Ingrid said as she held back tears of her own.

He buried his face in the backseat as Jason drove and Ingrid’s heart fell to her feet. How was she going to explain her mistake to her son?

Before they got to Ingrid’s house, she told Jason to make a left. “Where are we going?” he asked her.

“To Louis’s grave,” she said quietly. “I have to make him understand this somehow.”

Jason placed his hand on top of hers. “We can do this, together.”

DeShawn looked up as the car came to a stop at the Elmore City Cemetery. Ingrid got out of the car and helped DeShawn climb out of the backseat. She closed her hand around her son’s and they headed to Louis’s gravesite. Jason walked behind them in silence. He wished he knew what to say and he wished more than anything else that he had been there for his son from the beginning. I would’ve changed so many things had I known Ingrid was pregnant with my son. There’s no way I would’ve allowed her to leave me knowing how important it is for a little boy to have his father, he thought as they arrived at Louis’s headstone.

Ingrid placed her hand on the slab of marble and looked at DeShawn. “There are all kinds of families,” she said. “And you were lucky to have Louis in your life. He was your daddy and he loved you very much. When I was pregnant with you, he decided that he wanted to be your father.”

DeShawn nodded, but Ingrid was sure he didn’t completely understand what she was saying. She took a deep breath and wrapped her arms around her son. “You were really sad when Louis went to heaven and I was too,” Ingrid said. “But you’re lucky because you have another father. Jason is your Daddy too.”

“But how?” DeShawn asked with innocent confusion.

“Well,” Ingrid said as Jason placed his hand on DeShawn’s shoulder. “You know Jason and I were close.” She looked up at Jason.

“I love your mother,” Jason said. “I’ve always loved her and the moment that I saw you, I loved you too. I want us to be a family.”

Ingrid clasped her chest as her heart swelled with happiness. “DeShawn, I love Jason too and he’s also your Daddy. You’re going to have two daddies looking out for you, one in heaven and Jason.”

DeShawn smiled and then hugged Jason tightly. “You can be my Daddy,” he said.

After leaving the cemetery, the trio headed to Ingrid’s house and DeShawn went straight to his room to take a nap.

“I think this was a little too much for him,” she said as she and Jason settled on the sofa. “I could kill Ruby and her big mouth. DeShawn doesn’t really understand any of this.”

“This was really hard,” Jason said. “I’m calling Def Jam and telling them that as long as Ruby’s here, I’m not working with this contest or anything else. She’s not going to hurt my family anymore.”

Ingrid shook her head. “I never understood why she felt like I was such a threat to Jay Slade. I wanted you to be successful just as much as she did.”

Jason pulled Ingrid closer to him. “You have always loved the man that I am, she wanted to turn me into a sex symbol, put my face in the tabloids and on the Internet instead of focusing on my talent.”

“She did a good job of it,” Ingrid said bitterly.

Jason nodded. “I’m not going to deny that I lost myself in the industry for a minute. But one thing didn’t change,” he said as he took her face into his hands.

“What’s that?”

“I never stopped loving you,” he said then kissed her lips gently.

Ingrid closed her eyes, losing herself in Jason’s kiss and touch. He slipped his hand underneath her blouse, his fingertips grazing her skin making her nerves stand on end. They broke the kiss and stared into each other’s eyes.

“When I walked into Soul To The Bone and saw you, my heart nearly stopped and I told myself, I wasn’t leaving until I had your love again. Do I have it?”

“If I say yes, does that mean you’re going to leave?” she teased.

“Not a chance,” he replied then kissed her again. Just as Jason deepened his kiss, the front door opened and Christina walked in.

“Oh my goodness, I’m sorry,” she said as she slipped her key in her pocket. “I stopped by the restaurant and everyone is talking about you guys. That Ruby chick has to go. How could she do that?”

Ingrid held up her hand to her friend. “Take a breath, Chrissy,” she said. “Jason and I have handled it. We told DeShawn as much as he could understand and . . .”

“We’re going to be a family for my son. I’ve asked Ingrid to marry me and she said yes,” Jason revealed.

Christina shrieked and slapped Ingrid on the arm. “I can’t believe you didn’t tell me. And I thought I was your best friend.”

“Hit me again and we’re not going to be friends at all,” Ingrid said. “I didn’t have time to tell you, we only got engaged last night.”

“And your mother isn’t too happy about it, is she?” Christina asked. “They were talking about Lois’s scene this morning at the restaurant too.”

Ingrid shook her head. “The hard part is over,” she said and Jason nodded in agreement.

“All we have to do now is set a date, buy a new house and start our lives together,” Jason said.

Ingrid looked up at her fiancé, her eyebrows furrowed in confusion. “Buy a new house? What’s wrong with this place? DeShawn is comfortable here and he’s had enough change in his life.”

Christina looked from Ingrid to Jason then headed to the kitchen as if she knew they needed time alone to hash things out.

Jason shook his head. “Don’t you think we need a place of our own to make our own memories?” he asked. “This is the house you and Louis shared together. I don’t want to spend the rest of my life fighting his ghost.”

“So this is about you and your comfort level?” Ingrid groaned. “There was nothing going on with me and Louis.”

“But my son thinks that man was his father. He only has to look around this place and see reminders of him. I don’t want to feel like a visitor.”

Ingrid shut her eyes tightly. “It’s not like that,” she said.

“Maybe not to you, because this is your home,” Jason said. “I’m trying to make up for lost time with you and my son. What’s wrong with me wanting to build us a house? The house that we should’ve been living in three years ago.”

“Speaking of letting things go. When are you going to let me off the hook, Jason? I know I made a mistake not telling you that I was pregnant when I left New York, but it wasn't a decision that I made lightly.”

“I know that and I know that I didn’t make it easy for you to talk to me. Yes, I allowed Ruby to handle things in the beginning that I should’ve taken care of, but those days are over and I want to be more to my son than a second father when I am his real father.”

“And building a house is going to make you feel more like a father? Your money doesn’t mean a damned thing to me or DeShawn.”

Jason sighed and shook his head. “Did I say it did? This house is for all of us and why are we arguing about it? You let Louis provide for you. Why is it so hard for you to allow me to do the same thing?”

Ingrid turned her back to him. “Don’t you need to take a meeting or something? It would be best if you left right now before we say something we might regret later.”

“Ingrid,” he said.

She turned to face him. “Please go,” she said.

Jason slammed out of the front door and Christina ran into the living room. “What just happened in here?” she asked.

Ingrid dropped down on the sofa and shook her head. “I think I did it again.”

“What?”

“Pushed Jason away when I need him most.”





Jason pounded his hands against his steering wheel and released a string of curses. Why was he jealous of Louis Harrington? A dead man who was basically a good friend to Ingrid? He knew their marriage wasn’t real. But he couldn’t get over the fact that another man raised his son for three years. He couldn’t get over the fact that he lost so much time with his son and Ingrid. Even though she didn’t have an intimate relationship with Louis, Jason felt as if they shared a connection that he just couldn’t compete with. He started the car and headed to the hotel, even though part of him wanted to run back into Ingrid’s house and tell her just how he was feeling.

Jason knew if they talked anymore today, she might give him the ring back and tell him she wanted nothing more to do with him. Just as he pulled into the parking lot, his cell phone rang.

“Ingrid?” he said when he answered.

“Not even,” Ruby replied. “Listen, I lined up a few interviews for you to do about the contest and there is a photographer from Vibe flying in tomorrow to get some pictures of you in all of your country glory. It works for Anthony Hamilton, I guess it won’t hurt to try it with you.”

“I’m not up for all of that,” Jason said. “And I need you to start telling me about all of this stuff before you set it up. I have things that I have to do and a schedule of my own.”

“Oh, I forgot, you’re the man now,” she said snidely. “Don’t forget who made you. Singers are a dime a dozen. When you came on the scene three years ago, making you a success was more about marketing than your singing. I can take your career away from you just as fast as I gave it to you.”

“Who do you think you are, some music god? Do you realize that you’re one step away from being fired at Def Jam? You have an over inflated view of yourself and what you can do to a person’s career. You don’t have the power you think you have, Rube. So, you can kiss my ass.” Jason tossed his phone out the window and it smashed against the concrete.

He stalked into the hotel and barked at the desk clerk to not put any calls through to his room. As he climbed on the elevator, Debony was getting off. She stopped when she saw Jason.

“Jay-Jason, I need to talk to you,” she said.

He shook his head forcefully, causing his locs to swing wildly. “I don’t want to talk to you or hear a damned thing you have to say. You and Ruby are two of a damned kind. Get a backbone, Debony and stop doing what she tells you.”

She placed her hands on her hips and glared at him. “You know what, you can go to hell and whatever happens to you, you deserve it. You’re no better than Ruby. You use people just like she does and I’m sick of the two of you using me. Both of you can kiss my ass!”

Jason shook his head pressed the up button as Debony dashed off the elevator. “To hell with you too,” he mumbled as the doors closed. When he got into his room, Jason flung himself across the bed and closed his eyes. All he wanted was for this day to end.

The next morning, the phone in his room rang at 6:30 a.m. “Yeah?” he said as he scrambled to answer the phone.

“Jay Slade, I know you said I had to run things by you, but I did set up these interviews and the photographer from Vibe will be here at eight. Should I cancel?” Ruby asked, her voice was saccharine sweet.

Jason cleared his throat. “Whatever, Ruby. And just so you know, I’m doing this for the sake of my contest and not because you think you’re still pulling my strings.”

“Sure, Jason. By the way, what do you say to Debony to force her out of here? You know she was supposed to be a part of the contest. I’m sure the higher ups aren’t going to be happy about that.”

“Go to hell, Ruby,” Jason said then slammed the phone down. He sat up in the bed and decided the only way he was going to make it through the day would be for him to take a run and wrap his mind around the task at hand.





Chapter Twenty


Ingrid kissed DeShawn’s cheek as she headed out of the house for the breakfast shift at the restaurant. She was glad Christina had spent the night and agreed to watch DeShawn until lunch time.

As she walked out the door, Ingrid saw that the grey skies and rain mirrored her mood. She had called Jason before she went to bed and her call went straight to voicemail. When she called the hotel, the desk clerk said Jason didn’t want to be disturbed. Her mind went immediately to three years ago. Had she pushed him back in to Debony’s arms, giving Ruby just what she wanted?

And why? Louis wasn’t the real issue and neither was Jason’s desire to buy a house for her and DeShawn. She was allowing her fears to take over when she should’ve just trusted that the love she and Jason shared was enough.

She pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant surprised to see about fifteen cars in the lot. The restaurant wasn’t scheduled to open for an hour and Ingrid knew she hadn’t ran any specials in the morning paper that would cause people to line up at the front door. When Ingrid got out of the car, a few of the people sitting in their cars hopped out. “Is Ingrid Russell here yet?” they asked. She realized that these people weren’t her customers, but reporters.

“No,” she said then dashed inside the restaurant. As soon as she walked in, Felix and Dina stopped talking and looked up at her.

“What’s going on?” Ingrid asked.

“It’s all over the papers,” Dina said quietly.

Ingrid furrowed her brows. “What’s all over the papers?” she asked as she took the paper from Felix. The front page of The State newspaper had a picture of Jason and DeShawn below a headline that read, “Father and Son reunited in Elmore.”

“That bitch!” Ingrid growled. “I know Ruby is behind this and I don’t need this right now.” She balled the paper up and tossed it on the floor.

“So, it’s true, Miss Ingrid?” Dina asked timidly.

“Chile, shut up,” Felix said. “This ain’t nobody’s business but Miss Ingrid’s and God’s. Now, the whole town is going to be in here being nosey and asking questions they don’t need answers to.”

Ingrid sat down at a booth and dropped her head on the table. “How am I going to face all of these people today?”

“You don’t have to,” Felix said. “Go home, we can run the place.”

Ingrid shook her head. “I’m not running again. That’s how I got here in the first place.”

“You know the whole town reads this paper,” Dina said. “They’re going to be in here trying to ask you questions.”

Ingrid stood up, wiped her eyes and headed for the kitchen. “Then we’re charging them double for the food that they order,” she said. Outside, Ingrid seemed poised, but inside, she was nervous and not ready to face the prying questions of Elmore’s gossips.





“What?” Jason snapped as he looked at the reporter. She smiled and crossed her legs.

“I asked, did you know that you had a son before you arrived in town to do this contest?”

“That has nothing to do with this interview.”

“So, you were aware that you had a child, but you didn’t do anything to reach out to him?”

Jason rose to his feet and thought about choosing his words carefully, but he blurted out, “This interview is over and you can kiss my ass. My son isn’t up for discussion.”

The reporter stood as well. “But what about his mother? Is she a gold digger trying to take advantage of you?”

Jason stormed out of the hotel lobby. As he got to his car, he realized exactly what was going on. Ruby had set him up.

No matter what he said in the press, either he or Ingrid would look bad. And then there was DeShawn. He didn’t need this, not in a town like Elmore. The gossips were going to have a field day with this story.

“I’ve got to get to Ingrid,” he muttered as he started the car and peeled out of the parking lot and headed for Soul To The Bone. He wasn’t surprised to find the parking lot filled and seeing a couple of T.V. satellite trucks.

He wished that he could’ve gotten to the back door of the restaurant and walked in without being seen by the reporters. Since he’d been in Elmore, Jason hadn’t felt the need to hide underneath his baseball cap and aviator sunglasses. He now wished that he had his disguise in the back seat. Sitting in the parking lot, he realized that facing the music in Elmore or New York was going to be hell, with or without a hat. Jason hopped out of the car and sprinted for the door.

“Jay Slade, have you been a deadbeat father?” a reporter shouted out.

“Is this an attempt to extort you?” another reporter yelled.

He ignored all of the questions lobbed at him as he walked into the restaurant. As soon as he entered the restaurant, all conversation stopped and he knew what the topic had been.

Dina, who had been his ally in winning Ingrid back, turned her back to him. Jason was beginning to think that the reporters outside were looking a lot better than the people inside the restaurant. Ingrid spotted him as she set a plate of eggs, toast and bacon in front of a patron at the counter. She nodded for him to enter the kitchen and Jason was happy to be out of the spotlight.

He ducked into the kitchen and did his best to ignore the whispers from the people sitting at the tables. Moments later, Ingrid burst into the kitchen. “What in the hell is going on?” she snapped as she shoved a copy of The State newspaper under his nose. “How could you let this happen?”

“Do you seriously think I had something to do with this? Like I would want to put my son in the glare of a spotlight?”

She shook her head. “No, but Ruby did. This story makes all of us look like fools. Either you’re a deadbeat dad or I’m some gold digger trying to get money from you. The only person who’s going to be hurt is DeShawn. How are we going to stop this? I have reporters out in my parking lot and the town gossips have been sitting in here all morning.”

Jason took the paper from her hands and tossed it to the floor. “There’s really only one way to handle this.” He smoothed his hand across his locs and closed his eyes.

“How’s that? By killing Ruby?” Ingrid groaned.

Jason took her into his arms and kissed her cheek, hoping to calm her down. But she trembled in his arms with anger. “As much as we’d like to do that, we can’t,” he said. “Babe, I’ve been through stuff like this and the only thing we can do is meet it head on. We have to stop running from the media and . . .”

“Are you crazy?” she demanded, cutting him off. “I didn’t ask for this and I will not have my son plastered across newspapers so that people can read about my dirty laundry.”

“We can protect DeShawn if we do this the right way. We can tell the reporters our side and demand that they stay away from our son. Think about it, our story is what Hollywood movies are made of. We’re getting married and. . .”

“Stop right there,” Ingrid snapped. “This isn’t a Hollywood movie, this is my life. This isn’t a story or a way for you to sell records. I want this madness to end.”

“You think I like this? Do you think I came back to Elmore for this? I wanted you. I had no idea you’d been hiding my son from me,” he bellowed.

“All of this is my fault?” she snapped.

Jason threw his hands up. “I’m tired, Ingrid. Either we’re going to . . .”

“Don’t you dare try and give me a damned ultimatum.” She banged her hand against the door. “Did I make a mistake, yes, but DeShawn isn’t going to pay for it.”

Shaking his head, Jason stalked out of the kitchen. Ingrid started to follow him, but when she saw all of the eyes of her patrons on her, she slammed back into the kitchen and knelled down near a stack of pickle jars and cried silently.





“Jay Slade, Jay Slade,” a female reporter called as she ran after him in the parking lot. “Do you have a statement about your secret love child?”

He looked her in the eyes and fought back a string of profanity. “No, and I’d appreciate it if you guys would clear out of here. She’s not in there.”

“Where is she? Is she in town? When did you find out you had a son?”

“I told you, I didn’t have anything to say. But, if you all want a statement from me, you’re going to have to leave this parking lot. There’s nothing to see here,” he said then sprinted to his car. Jason wasn’t surprised to see many of the reporters followed him. He silently prayed that none of them would hear the harsh words he was about to have with Ruby.

He arrived at the hotel and wasn’t surprised to see another group of reporters camped out there. Jason shook his head as he hopped out of the car and the reporters descended on him like a pack of vultures.

“Jay Slade, have you seen your son today?”

“Do you plan to pay back child support?”

Jason waved his hands. “Look, I’ll have a statement in a few hours,” he said. “Just give me a minute.”

“Is that what you told your child’s mother?” a reporter shouted out.

“You can just go to hell,” Jason replied as he dashed inside the hotel. When he saw Ruby standing next to the front desk, he wanted to slap her down to the floor.

“Jay Slade, you’re the talk of the town,” Ruby said snidely.

“You fed the reporters the story about my son, you bi. . . If I were you, I’d just stay the hell away from me,” he snapped.

She stood inches away from him and smirked. “I told you, I made your career and I’m on the verge of ruining it. How do you want to play this? I can make these people disappear and spin this story so that you’re the freaking father of the year. Or, keep pushing me and I’ll make you look like a shallow deadbeat.”

Jason inhaled deeply. “You just don’t get it, do you? I don’t give a damn about my career right now and I’m willing to do whatever it takes to protect my family. So, continue feeding lies to those reporters. I’ve fulfilled my contract with Def Jam and I can walk away and be a happy man. But what do you think will happen to you? Debony’s tired of your bullshit, the executives at the label are tired of your bullshit too. So, who are you hurting right now?”

Jason stomped away from her, leaving Ruby standing by the desk with a befuddle look on her face. When he got into his room, he remembered that he’d smashed his cell phone and he couldn’t call New York to tell them either Ruby went or he was out of there. He picked up the hotel phone and started to dial New York, instead, he called Ingrid’s cell phone.

“Hello?” she said in an exasperated voice.

“Ingrid, it’s me,” Jason said. “I’ve figured out how we can make this all go away.”

“How?”

“I’m going to have a press conference and take full responsibility for the last three years. I’m going to ask the press to respect our privacy and I’m calling off the contest. My focus will be on you and DeShawn.”

“Jason,” she said softly. “I’m so sorry. This is a choice that I never wanted you to have to make. Are you sure you want to do this?”

“Is this the best thing for my son? Because that’s all that matters. If I end up as a ‘where are they now’, then so be it.”

“Will you regret this later?”

Jason sighed and glanced at his reflection in the mirror. He’d wanted nothing more than to be a singer since he could remember, but there was no way he’d let anything else come in between him and his son again. “I’ve had a lifetime of regrets and not being with you and my son is the only thing I’d regret if we let this spiral out of control.”

“Then I’m going to stand up with you. This isn’t your fault. Since you found out that DeShawn is your son, you’ve been wonderful and people need to know that,” she said.

“What made you change your mind?” he asked, thinking about the blow up they’d had moments ago.

“I love you and I don’t want people to think that you did anything wrong. I ran out on you because of lies that were told to me and I let too many years pass without trying to contact you. I took the easy way out.”

“I’m coming over there.”

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing, I just really want to kiss you right now,” he said with a smile on his lips.

“Well, I’m at home,” she said. “I couldn’t take another minute in that fish bowl.”

“All right, I’m on my way.” Jason hung up the phone then dashed out of his room. When he made it to the lobby, he ignored all of the reporters and Ruby en route to his car and his woman.

Ingrid waved goodbye to Christina and DeShawn and silently thanked her friend for taking her son to the lake for swimming and a picnic. As small as Elmore was, she knew it was only going to be a matter of time before the reporters found her house. Until she and Jason made their statement, she didn’t want them showing up at her house while her son was there.

Ten minutes later, Jason was knocking on the door. Ingrid had hoped she’d have time to change out of her tank top and grey yoga pants before he arrived, but she opened the door anyway. Jason stepped across the threshold and pulled Ingrid into his arms and kissed her with an ardent passion that made her knees shiver. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed her body against his. Jason’s body sprang to attention and his erection rested against Ingrid’s thighs and she wanted to remove every piece of clothing she had on so that she could feel his rigid thickness inside her.

Jason pushed her inside and kicked the door closed. Breaking the kiss, he held Ingrid’s face between his hands. “We should talk first,” he said breathlessly.

“No, we can talk later,” she said as she tugged at his tee shirt.

Jason smiled happily. “Good, because I really, really need you.” He led her to the sofa and spread her across the soft cushions. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he pulled her yoga pants off and smiled when he saw that Ingrid wasn’t wearing any panties.

“Umm,” he said as he slipped his hand between her thighs. “You were waiting for me, huh?”

“You or Denzel,” she joked as she arched her back to his hand. “Glad you knocked on my door instead.”

“Denzel, huh?” he said as his finger probed her wetness. “Betcha he can’t make you feel like this.” Jason leaned into her and kissed her neck, slowly, allowing his tongue to dance across the column of her neck. She wrapped one leg around his waist and pressed his finger deeper inside her. “Umm,” she moaned as he touched her throbbing bud.

“You’re so wet, so hot.”

“You’re doing this to me,” she moaned as he made circles inside her with his finger. Ingrid’s juices were flowing like a river. Jason pulled his finger out and brought it to his lips. He licked her essence from his finger and smiled at her.

“I need more,” he said then dove between her legs. Jason lapped at her juices, wrapping his tongue around her erect bud. Ingrid cried out in pleasure as her body heated up like a summer afternoon. Her legs shook and every nerve in her body stood on end. Jason reached up and slipped his hands underneath her tank top. Her skin felt smoother than silk underneath his fingertips. His fingers danced up her torso and stopped at her heaving breasts. When Ingrid felt Jason’s fingers brush across her nipples, she shivered and moaned. The more he stroked and massaged her breasts, the harder her nipples became. Pulling back from her mound of sexuality, Jason traversed her body with his tongue until his mouth hovered over her nipples, which reminded him of the finest Godiva chocolate. He licked her as if she was a sweet piece of candy that he couldn’t stop eating.

Ingrid whispered his name as his tongue circled one nipple then the other. “Need you, so bad,” she moaned. “Please.”

“Right here?” he asked, knowing that there was no way he could make it upstairs to her bedroom.

“Yes.”

Jason ripped her shirt off and tossed it aside while Ingrid reached down and unzipped his jeans. His erection nearly sprang from his boxers as she reached down and stroked him. Jason kicked out of his pants, moaning in delight as Ingrid continued to rub his most sensitive muscle. He moaned when she brought her lips down on his neck while she guided him to the spot where she needed him most. Jason felt her heat and wetness at the tip of his erection and couldn’t control himself. He pressed into her, moaning as her heat and wetness enveloped his hardness. She thrust her hips into his, their bodies pounding together like the rhythm of a marching band. She felt so good, so hot and so tight that Jason knew if they didn’t slow down he wouldn’t last much longer. Gripping her hips, Jason slowed the pace of their lovemaking, as he rotated his body, touching every sensitive spot inside her, Ingrid dug her nails into his shoulder.

“Jason, Jason,” she cried. Ingrid arched her back into him, begging for him to go deeper and deeper. He slipped his hand between her thighs and stroked her sensitive flesh as he pumped in and out.

Ingrid felt as if she was melting into a pool of lust as sweat mixed with her feminine juices. Jason growled as she clasped her muscles around his penis. He couldn’t hold back a second longer and he exploded just as Ingrid cried out in pleasure. Lying on the sofa, he held Ingrid against his chest and their hearts seemed to share one beat. “I love you,” he breathed against her ear.

She smiled and kissed his chest. “So, do I.”

“So, about that talk,” he said.

“Umm, what talk?” she asked with her eyes closed and her arms wound around his waist.

“We can pick that up later, right now we need to get cleaned up.”

“All right, I’ll run a bath and you can wash my back.”

Jason rose from the sofa and Ingrid followed suit, then they headed upstairs to the bathroom.





Chapter Twenty-one


After Jason and Ingrid had made love again and finally taken separate showers, they sat down at the kitchen table sipping coffee and munching on homemade banana bread.

“So, you’re sure that you’re up for this?” Jason asked as he polished off another slice of bread.

“Yes,” Ingrid replied. “If this will keep the reporters from stalking me and my son, then I will stand up with you at this press conference.”

“What do you want to tell them about us and why you left without telling me you were pregnant?”

Ingrid took a timid sip of coffee. “The truth,” she said. “You’re not a deadbeat and I’m not a gold digger. Ruby thought she could still control us, but it’s time for her to be exposed.”

Jason took her hand in his and brought it to his lips. “I love the way you think,” he said then kissed her hand gently. “We can do the press conference at the hotel and end this media circus.”

“And if Ruby shows up, I’ll try not to slap her face off,” Ingrid said.

“Or at least wait until the cameras are gone,” Jason teased. Ingrid stood up and gathered their empty plates and coffee mugs.

“I have something I want you to read,” she said. “I’ve been working on my book late at night and early in the morning before work. The first draft is finished, but I think after this press conference, I might need to change the ending.” Ingrid reached in to the pantry and pulled out her manuscript.

“You did all of this over the last few months?” He held the nearly four-hundred pages in both hands.

“No, over the last three years. I just finished it, finally,” she said. “I want you to read it before I try and get it published.”

“Are you asking for my approval?”

“No, I just want you to be aware that after we do this press conference, people are going to think this book is all about you,” she said with a smile. “But, I will deny it.”

Jason flipped through the first few pages, “I get the feeling that I’m going to appreciate that.”

“I’d better call Christina and see if she can watch DeShawn a little longer,” Ingrid said, but before she got to the phone, she heard her best friend and son walking into the house.

“Well, well,” Christina said when she walked into the kitchen and saw Jason sitting at the table. “Guess all is right with the world again?”

“I was just about to call you,” Ingrid said. “Can you hang out here with DeShawn for a little bit?”

“Sure,” Christina said. “We can watch that Spiderman cartoon he’s so excited to watch, if he can stay awake.”

“Is he all right?” Jason and Ingrid asked in union.

“Calm down, he’s just tuckered out. We went to the park and ran around for a couple of hours. I need a nap myself. Oh, I ran into your mother.”

Ingrid groaned. “What did she have to say?”

“Basically you’re a fool and he,” she said nodding toward Jason, “is the devil.”

“And I imagine she threw her fit in front of my son?” Ingrid asked as she shook her head. “That woman is going to make me. . .”

“We’re going to have to deal with your mother after we take care of the press. In the future we can ignore the reporters, but we can’t ignore your mother. DeShawn loves her and she has to be a part of his life.”

“Not if she’s going to put her negativity off on him. I love you and you love our son, she can’t . . .”

“The press?” Christina interrupted. “You guys are actually going to talk to those vultures?”

“We don’t have a choice,” Ingrid said. “And if Ruby thought she was going to get away with this, she has another thing coming. She thought she could shape this story, but she’s the one who put this all in motion and that’s what we’re going to tell everyone.”

Christina clasped her hands together and smiled. “Great, because I don’t like that girl.”

“Join the club,” Ingrid said as she and Jason headed out the door.





Ingrid sat in silence as Jason drove to the Elmore Inn. She tried to look calm and pretend that she wasn’t a nervous wreck. Her insides shook like a leaf and she just hoped that when she spoke those reporters wouldn’t know how terrified she really was about telling the world her story. If it wasn’t for Ruby, Jason would’ve been a father to DeShawn and who knows, they may have had another child by now. She inhaled deeply and turned to Jason.

“Are you sure this is the only thing we can do?” she asked as her doubts took over.

“If you don’t want to do this, we don’t have to,” he said as he slowed the car down in front of the hotel. “I’ll go in there and tell all of the reporters and Ruby where they can go.”

“No, I said we were going to do this together and we will,” she said forcing steel into her voice.

Jason took her hand in his and kissed it as he pulled into the parking lot of the hotel. “Are you ready?” he asked.

Ingrid nodded and opened the door. She hadn’t expected all of the flash bulbs to go off. Jason hopped out of the car and bolted over to Ingrid and stood between her and the photographers. “Come on guys, give us some room,” Jason said.

“Who is she, Jay Slade?” one of the photographers called out.

“Is she your baby’s mother?” another yelled.

“No,” Jason barked back. “She’s my fiancée. Now, back up. We’ll be down in a few minutes with a statement.”

Ingrid clutched Jason’s arm and whispered to him, “Is it always like this?”

“No,” he said as they entered the hotel. Despite the fact that he asked the photographer’s to back off, they still snapped pictures of the couple. When they made it inside, Ruby was standing in the lobby talking to two reporters.

“I don’t know what this press conference is about,” she said. “I can only guess that. . .”

“She doesn’t know a damned thing and if she’s been your source on any story, expect to write a few retractions,” Jason snapped. Ruby whirled around, her face registered shock when she saw Ingrid standing there.

“Jay Slade, what’s going on?” Ruby asked as she looked from him to Ingrid.

“Should I tell her or make her wait like everyone else?” Ingrid asked in a syrupy sweet voice.

“What in the hell is going on here?” Ruby asked as she watched Terry Bradshaw, Jason’s tour manager burst through the lobby.

“Jay, I got a call from New York and was told to meet you here,” he said.

Jason’s face was a mask of confusion. “Why?”

Terry shrugged as he produced a Blackberry cell phone from his jacket pocket. “No one could get in touch with you and old girl,” he said with a nod toward Ruby. “Wouldn’t tell anyone how to reach you since your cell phone has been out of service.”

Ruby threw her hands up. “What am I? His damned keeper?”

“That’s what I’ve always heard you say over the years,” Ingrid mumbled. Ruby rolled her eyes at Ingrid and crossed over to where Terry stood. Ingrid grabbed her arm, struggling to keep her disdain for the woman from boiling over. “What’s your problem?” Ingrid demanded. “What have I ever done to you to cause you to dislike me and my relationship with Jason? I’ve never stood in his way or your way so that he could become the star you wanted him to be.”

“Get your hands off me,” Ruby snapped. “I don’t have to explain myself to a nobody like you.” She tried to jerk away from Ingrid, but she tightened her grip on Ruby’s arm.

“Oh, no, you’re going to answer me.”

Ruby faced Ingrid and snatched her arm from her grasp. “What does it matter? You still trapped him. At least Angie Stone had talent and she could help D’Angelo. You were in the way three years ago and you’re in the way now. Jay Slade could’ve been bigger than Usher, he had the body and he has a voice like Teddy Pendergrass. All you wanted was to hang on to your meal ticket. I knew you were going to be nothing but trouble and it looks like I was right.”

“Trouble? The only person who has ever caused trouble for Jason has been and continues to be you. He could’ve been a part of his son’s life from day one had you not been such a spiteful bitch. Did making him a star launch your career? Are you afraid that people will see you for who you really are when Jason tells you to kiss his ass?”

“I don’t need Jason. He needs me. Not the other way around, know that,” she snapped.

“He doesn’t need you. The truth is, you’re a dime a dozen, but talent like Jason’s doesn’t come around every day. He made you, you didn’t make him. That’s why you wanted me out of the way. You wanted to pretend Jason was the Jackson 5 and you were Diana Ross. But this isn’t Motown, babe, and you didn’t discover Jason. He was going to make it with or without you. But you? You’re better suited to clean the toilets at Def Jam than to pick talent.”

Anger flickered across Ruby’s face and for a moment, Ingrid expected her to try and hit her. She was ready, reporters be damned because Ruby’s butt-kicking was three years in the making. Jason’s hand on her shoulder calmed Ingrid instantly. “Babe,” he whispered. “She isn’t worth whatever is running though that pretty little mind of yours.”

Ingrid turned away from Ruby, though she wanted to just knock her to the floor. Looking into Jason’s eyes, she nodded. “You’re right,” she said. “She’s not worth it.”

Terry walked outside and beckoned the reporters and photographers inside. Jason held Ingrid’s hand as they stood in front of the media representatives. “Ready?” Jason whispered to her.

She nodded and wiped her sweaty palm on her pant leg.

Jason cleared his throat then looked into the numerous cameras pointed at him. “I know you all have questions because of a story that was in the paper today about my son. Yes, I am a father. That’s a fact that I just recently learned, because when the love of my life was carrying my child, certain people who called themselves looking out for my best interest drove a wedge between us. I was young and I thought the most important thing to me was my music career. But I was wrong. The most important thing in my life is my family. Ingrid Russell has always been in my corner, from the time we were five years old and I sang my first church solo. She has been in my corner and I let her down,” he said.

“Is this Ingrid?” one of the reporters who had her pen pointed at Ingrid asked.

Jason kissed Ingrid’s hand. “This is my fiancée, Ingrid.”

“Ingrid, why did you keep your secret?” a reporter asked.

“I made a mistake, I thought Jason would’ve put his career before our family because it had been drilled into my head by his. . . Ruby Miller. She told me that I was going to be a liability to Jason’s career and made it seem as if he had something going on with another singer. When I found out that I was pregnant, it was the night before Jason’s first show at Madison Square Garden. Do I wish I had handled things differently?” She looked at Jason and smiled. “I do, because I know the real Jason. You all think Jay Slade is an amazing singer, but it is nothing compared to the kind of man he really is and has always been. I should’ve trusted that instead of listening to a woman who hated our relationship from the beginning.”

Ruby pushed her way to the front of the reporters. “I’m not going to stand here and be slandered by this woman. Look at her! She isn’t the kind of woman that Jay Slade could walk down the red carpet with. You all would’ve laughed him off the radar.”

Jason shook his head. “That wasn’t your decision to make.”

“So, it’s true?” a reporter called out. “Ruby, you conspired to keep these two hometown sweethearts apart?”

“If their relationship was so great then why was it so easy to send fatso packing?” Ruby sniped.

Ingrid flinched and Jason grabbed her shoulder to stop her from snatching Ruby’s weave. “First of all,” Ingrid said. “I’m proud of every curve on my body and just because I’m not the woman you wanted Jason to be with, it doesn’t matter because he loves me.”

“Whatever,” Ruby said with a wave of her hand.

“I do love Ingrid, I’ve always loved her and today, I’m announcing that as long as Ruby is with Def Jam, I’m leaving the company.”

Terry waved his hand and rushed up to Jason, Ruby and Ingrid. “This is why I’m here, Ruby, I’m taking over for you. Your services are no longer needed and your office is being cleaned out. Not only has Jay Slade complained about your strong armed tactics, but so have Debony and Megan Kelly. We can’t keep losing artists because you won’t stay out of their personal lives.”

“What?” she stammered.

Ingrid smiled brightly. “Well, this is the best news that I’ve heard all day.”

“I guess this press conference is over,” Jason said with a smile as bright as Ingrid’s.

“Have you met your son?” one of the reporters called out as Jason and Ingrid headed out the door.

“Yes,” they said in unison. The couple hopped into his car and headed back to her place. Jason took the long way to make sure they weren’t being followed.

“Can you believe it?” Ingrid asked happily. “Ruby is out of our lives and neither one of us will be going to prison.”

Jason gently stroked Ingrid’s knee. “I know you wanted to smack her a few times.”

“But Terry laid the ultimate smack down on her. She’s lost the one thing she had, her so called power. I wonder what will she do now?”

“Who cares? She’s not our problem anymore. You know, before Debony left, she was trying to tell me something about Ruby, but I wasn’t trying to hear her.”

“Maybe she was tired of doing Ruby’s dirty work,” Ingrid said. Jason pulled his car into the parking lot near Lake Elmore. “What’s going on?” she asked as she looked at their location.

“Remember when we used to sneak out here at night?”

She smiled and nodded. “Blankets on the shore and water fights.”

“I missed how simple things used to be. How normal we were and how good it felt when we first arrived in New York together. That’s why I want our wedding to be out here. Just me, you and DeShawn.”

Ingrid’s face lit up. “Really?”

“Yes,” he said. “We’ve lost too much time together and I will spend the rest of my life making up for it.”

“It’s not all your fault alone,” she said. “We both made mistakes.”

“Now is the time to make up for it,” he said happily. He took her face into his hands and kissed her lips. Ingrid pulled back from his, the smile on her lips waned a bit.

“We’ve only gotten one obstacle. There’s still my mother to contend with,” she said with a sigh.

“Let’s go over there right now,” he said.

Ingrid shook her head. “I’ve had enough for one day. Let’s just go home and start planning our wedding.”

“That’s the best thing that I’ve heard all day,” he said with a smile on his face.

“What? Going home?”

“No, our wedding,” he said then gave her a kiss on the cheek. “Let’s go.”

As Jason drove, Ingrid smiled, finally calm and ready to think of their future together. Still she had a nagging feeling that her mother would never accept her relationship with Jason. And it wasn’t because of who he was now, but what he’d been growing up. It wasn’t his fault that his parents had been poor and alcoholics. Jason had been a good kid and stayed out of trouble. It was funny to her that some of the same people who had laughed at Jason’s shabby clothes and dirty face were now his “biggest fans.”

Maybe that played into her decision to keep DeShawn’s parentage a secret for so long. Ingrid hadn’t wanted her son to face the problems that his father had and as judgmental as many people in town were, she couldn’t be sure that they wouldn’t. Moreover, she couldn’t be sure that her mother wouldn’t have been in that number treating her son differently because of his father. Jason glanced over at Ingrid, taking note of how quiet she’d become.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

“Nothing. I was just thinking about DeShawn and how all of this is going to really affect him.”

“We’re going to keep him out of the media’s spotlight without a problem, he’s not. . .”

Ingrid held up her hand as Jason turned onto her street. “It isn’t the media that I’m worried about. It’s the neighbors and residents of Elmore, South Carolina.”

“Why do you say that?”

She laughed. “Do you think this town has changed at all? People around here are as judgmental as they’ve ever been. Louis was about to lose his restaurant when I showed up here three years ago. People couldn’t accept who he really was so we had to come up with this lie to protect him and me. Despite the fact that the whole town eats there now, when people thought Louis was gay, they wouldn’t set foot in the restaurant. That’s why we started the website. It wasn’t until Louis and I had been married for a year that we took in a profit and started having crowds around here.”

“So, why do you think this will have an effect on DeShawn?”

She shrugged, not wanting to share her true fears with him. “Who knows with these people?”

Jason eyed her suspiciously. “Are you sure that’s all?”

“Mmm,” she said as he pulled into her drive way.

He raised his eyebrow at her, but held his tongue then they got out of the car. Jason crossed over to Ingrid and grabbed her shoulder. “Is there something you’re not telling me?” he asked.

“Jason, can we just go inside and be with our son?” She reached up and tucked a stray lock behind his ear. “I’m tired. It has been a long day.”

Before they could get in the house, a couple of photographers stopped on the sidewalk and started snapping pictures of the couple. Jason fought the urge to rush the photographers and smash their cameras. “Get the hell out of here!” he screamed.

“We got the shot,” one of the photographers said to his cohorts.

Ingrid rushed to the sidewalk and glared at the photographers. “Show up at my house again and we’re going to have serious problems. You people aren’t in Hollywood and I will have you arrested,” she barked as she wagged her finger at them.

“Lady, you’re big news, this ain’t over until we get a picture of the boy,” one of the men said. Ingrid wished she had a brick to throw at them.

“You leave my son the hell alone. Jason, call the police.”

One of the photographers grabbed the mouthy man’s shoulder. “We don’t want to get locked up in Mayberry, let’s get the hell out of here.” The three shutterbugs scampered off and Ingrid shook her head.

“How long are we going to have to deal with this madness?” she asked as Jason wrapped his arms around her and kissed her neck.

“It’s going to be over real soon,” he said. “Let’s go inside and forget about this madness for a little while.”

She nodded and they headed up the steps. Ingrid glanced over her shoulder to make sure there weren’t any more photographers lingering around her house.

“What was all of that noise out there?” Christina asked when they walked in.

“Nothing,” Ingrid said, “where’s DeShawn?”

“Upstairs coloring,” she said, noting that her friend was a little irritated. “You sure everything is cool?”

Nodding, Ingrid forced a smile then headed up to her son’s room.





Chapter Twenty-two


Jason followed Ingrid upstairs and paused when he noticed a picture of Louis and DeShawn on the wall. He’d never taken note of the picture before and he smiled when he saw how happy they looked in the photograph. Part of him was jealous, though. He hated that he’d missed out on times like that with his little boy. But now was the time for that to change, still he wondered what Ingrid was so afraid of.

Walking into the bedroom, he took a seat on the bed beside Ingrid, who was hugging DeShawn. He stroked the back of DeShawn’s head. “How are you, little man?” he asked.

“OK,” the little boy replied as his mother released him. “What are we going to eat for dinner?”

Ingrid flashed a tense smile. “Why don’t I go to the restaurant and pick something up for us? Chicken, cabbage and macaroni and cheese?”

DeShawn nodded happily then turned to Jason, “Are you going to have dinner with us too?”

“Sure,” he said then kissed his son’s cheek. “I’ll even take care of dessert. Chocolate chip cookies and ice cream?”

“Yeah,” DeShawn said. “Are we having a party?”

Ingrid laughed, “It seems like it, doesn't it? But, no, it’s just a family dinner.”

“Is Grandma coming?”

“I don’t think so,” Ingrid said, “but Chrissy’s going to be here.”

“OK,” he said. “Jason, can I help you bake the cookies?”

“Sure, let’s head to the kitchen and see what we can find,” he replied, extending his hand to his son. Glancing at Ingrid, Jason wondered what she was really thinking.





Ingrid drove slowly to the restaurant, wondering if her life would ever be normal again. She looked in the rear view mirror every few minutes to make sure she wasn’t being followed by the press.

“This is dumb,” she muttered as she turned into the restaurant’s parking lot. Ingrid wasn’t surprised to find the place packed. She knew it wasn’t just regulars filling the parking lot and the tables inside. She headed for the back entrance and found two photographers standing by the Dumpsters smoking. Though part of her wanted to turn and run, she wasn’t going to allow these people to make her hide in her own town and stay away from her business. Holding her head up high, she walked into the restaurant and ignored the clicks of the cameras.

“Miss Ingrid, I saw you on the news,” Felix said when she walked into the kitchen. “That was some story.”

“Please, I don’t want to talk about that,” she said. “I just need to pick up some dinner.”

He nodded. “Sure. But if you want to talk, you know I’m here for you.”

Ingrid crossed over to her trusted employee and hugged him tightly. “Thank you, Felix. I really appreciate this. I never wanted any of this to come out in the media and through the town gossips. I just wish it would all go away.”

“It will as soon as one of those white girls in Hollywood flashes the cameras on a night when they forgot their underwear.”

She laughed. “You talk like you read TMZ,” she said as she grabbed some boxes to stuff food in it.

“Why don’t you let me fix you some fresh chicken?” Felix asked as he closed his hand around Ingrid’s. “The cold chicken is for the reporters.”

She smiled and patted him on the shoulder. “And charge them double,” she quipped.

About thirty minutes later, dinner was done and packed. Ingrid took the boxes of hot food from Felix and kissed him on the cheek. “Thanks.”

“Aww, it was nothing,” he said then waved goodbye to her.

When Ingrid walked out to her car, the same photographers who’d been by the trashcans were still there. The shutterbugs immediately started taking pictures of her and Ingrid held the bags of food in front of her face while rushing into the car.

“This is madness,” she mumbled as she started the car. “Do I really want to live like this?” Ingrid drove quickly to get home, ready to tuck herself away inside her house and hide. She sighed as she pulled into the driveway and got out of the car. Glancing over her shoulder, Ingrid was happy to see that she hadn’t been followed by any photographers.

“I’m back,” she said when she walked in the house. “Dinner is ready.”

Jason and DeShawn walked out of the kitchen. “And so is dessert,” Jason said as he crossed over to her and took the bags from her hands. He leaned in to kiss her, but Ingrid turned away from him.

“I have to get the plates. Where is Chrissy?”

“She went to the store to get some ice cream. What’s wrong?” he asked as he followed her in the kitchen. Before she spoke, Ingrid looked at DeShawn.

“Sweetie, I think Little Bill is on T.V.”

“Yay, Little Bill,” DeShawn said then dashed into the living room.

Ingrid began taking dinner plates out of the cabinet with her back turned to Jason. He leaned against the stove with his arms folded across his chest, watching her tense movements.

“Are we going to talk about what’s wrong or are you going to pretend nothing’s bothering you?”

Ingrid dropped the dishes on the counter. “I can’t move without a photographer taking a picture of me. They know where I work and where I live. How soon is it going to before they get a shot of me taking DeShawn to his art class or to my mother’s? I don’t know if I can deal with being a prisoner because of your fame.”

“What?”

“I knew this was a mistake. I should’ve just ignored. . .”

“What’s the mistake, because I get the feeling you’re talking about us,” Jason said as he crossed over to her.

“Maybe I am,” she said. “This could be why I left New York. You’re a star and I never wanted to be. I never wanted this and never wanted to be on the cover of someone’s newspaper.”

“And you don’t have to be. But if you don’t have enough faith in us, why the hell am I here? What happens when I take my son somewhere? The photographers are going to be there then too. We can protect him if we are in this together. But if you want to bail again, fine, do it.”

“I never bailed on you. I. . .”

“You did and you’re trying to do it again and it’s been that way since I came back. I have to wonder if we didn’t share that little boy if we’d even be trying again. I’m tired of being the only one trying to make this work. Just what in the hell are you afraid of?”

Ingrid dropped her head in her hands and released a quiet sob. “I’m really sorry if you think that I. . .What if it doesn’t work this time, again?”

“You’re not giving us a chance to work, not a real chance anyway. Why did you accept my marriage proposal? You knew who I was and what I did. I can stop singing, but there will be certain place that we’re going to go and the cameras will be there.”

“But we’re here, in Elmore and the cameras are following me.”

Jason sighed and tugged at his locs. “You created this! Instead of coming to me, you wrapped yourself around a lie and it blew up in your face. I’ve been trying to understand why you would do this, but I can’t. I can’t understand why you lost all faith in what we had and thought that I would just turn my back on you and our son? When we were together, you were the only person who ever believed in me.”

“I knew it was your dream to sing. I didn’t know if you wanted a family. I couldn’t come back here and—”

“You didn’t have to leave!” Jason bellowed. “Do you know how hurt I was? I’ve never loved anyone but you and when I thought you didn’t love me, I didn’t know how I was going to get through it.”

“And I suppose you think it was easy for me, lying to everybody because I didn’t want to be judged?”

Jason grasped her shoulders and forced her to look into his eyes. “You could’ve told, should’ve told me. I would’ve given everything up for you. Why don’t you get that?”

She shook her head. “I don’t know,” Ingrid said. “I really don’t know. Maybe it’s the stress of this media attention and how it’s going to affect my son.”

“This will blow over, a lot sooner than you think. You have to trust me,” he said as he stroked her arm.

“I do,” she said. “And I’m sorry, but I guess I’ve been protecting DeShawn for so long, this is just something I never thought we’d have to contend with in Elmore.”

“We won’t. Tomorrow, I’m sure things will die down. But I have to know if your commitment to me is real,” he said. “Every little thing can’t make you look for the nearest exit.”

“I love you, Jason. I’ve never loved anyone the way I love you, but I am afraid. What if you decide that you want to go back into the business, then where is that going to leave me?”

“If I go back into the music industry I’m taking you with me. Every decision that I make will be made with you and DeShawn in mind. All I want is our family to be together. I want to wake up to you and my son every morning. At night, I want to go to sleep with you in my arms.”

Ingrid’s doubts began to float away as she stared deep into Jason’s eyes. “I love you,” she said then tilted her head upwards to meet his lips. Jason captured her sweet lips and kissed her, making her feel as if they were the only people in the world.

“Whoa!” Christina exclaimed. “Did I pick the wrong time to come back with the ice cream. Please tell me the food is covered.”

Jason and Ingrid separated. “You always have jokes, don’t you?” Jason asked as he licked his lips.

“At least I didn’t burn the cookies. Thank God you got Ingrid to cook for you and DeShawn. Otherwise, we’d starve.” Christina set the ice cream on the counter.

“We?” Ingrid and Jason said in unison.

“That’s right, you two don’t have time for leftovers,” she said. “So, where’s dinner?”

“Go away and we’ll be out with the plates in a minute,” Ingrid said then shooed her friend out of the kitchen. Jason opened the boxes of food and Ingrid filled plates for her family. Once the plates were ready, Jason set the table and called Christina and DeShawn to dinner.

As they all sat down to eat, Ingrid looked around at her family and smiled. This was how things should be. Jason reached over and squeezed her hand. Ingrid wished that she could bottle what she was feeling in this moment and save it for when times got rough.

She had no idea that things were going to turn so quickly. After they finished dinner and Jason was preparing dessert, there was a loud banging on the front door.

“Who in the hell is that?” Ingrid mumbled as she stalked to the door. When she pulled the curtain back and saw her mother there, she wished she’d just stayed at the table.

“Mother, what’s wrong?” Ingrid asked flatly when she opened the door.

Lois shook her head and placed her hand on her hip. “You just want the whole world to know your business?”

“Can we save this for another time? We’re about to have dessert and until you arrived here, I was having a pretty good evening.”

“Then I guess he’s inside?” Lois spat.

“He has a name, Mom and please don’t come in here if you’re going to start a shouting match, we’ve had enough of that.”

Lois stroked her cheek back and forth. “I don’t understand why you didn’t tell me the truth. I’m your mother and from the day DeShawn was born, I knew he didn’t belong to Louis.”

“Mom, do we have to get into this right now?”

“Why didn’t you trust me?”

Ingrid shook her head and shrugged her shoulders. “You never made it easy for me to come to you. What was I supposed to say?”

“How about the truth? Did you think I didn’t see how much my grandson looked like that man?”

“His father?”

“The man who let you live a lie. What if Louis hadn’t died? What kind of mess would you be in now?” Lois asked with her hand on her hip.

“And if I had come to you and told you that Jason was the father, what would you have said to me? How was that conversation going to go, Mom?”

Lois rolled her eyes. “I would’ve been there for you and my grandchild, it didn’t matter who the father was. You were in trouble and you didn’t come to me.”

“It’s never been easy to come to you,” Ingrid railed. “The last thing I wanted was for you to judge my son like you do everybody else.”

“He’s my flesh and blood too!”

Ingrid shook her head, “And he’s Jason Campbell’s son too.”

Lois rolled her eyes. “So, what? It’s not as if Jason has been there for the boy.”

“That’s going to change,” Jason said as he appeared behind Ingrid. He placed his arm across her shoulder protectively.

“And why should I believe you now? You damned sure wasn’t around when she found out she was pregnant. I know what kind of man you really are,” Lois raged. “You’re just like your father.”

Her words stabbed him in the chest like a sharp knife. Jason never wanted to be compared to his father. He never wanted anyone to mistake him for that drunken fool. His whole life had been about separating himself from the man that his father was.

“Mom, you’re out of line!” Ingrid yelled. “You’ve never known Jason or the kind of person he is. You and everyone else in this town put him down because of who his family was. That’s why I felt as if I had to lie. I didn’t want you or anyone else treating my son differently.”

Lois blanched. “I would’ve never. . .”

“Mrs. Russell, I’m going to love my son and your daughter. I’m going to provide for them in ways my father never did for my mother and me. You can’t judge me by what he did.”

“I-I,” she stammered.

“You should leave,” Ingrid said to her mother.

“Fine. Jason, I pray you prove me wrong,” Lois said then left.

Ingrid fell into Jason’s awaiting arms and kissed him tenderly on his chin. “I’m sorry you had to hear that.”

“So, that’s the root of it, huh?” he asked quietly.

“What?”

“The fear and the reason why you keep going back and forth on us being together.”

Ingrid sighed. “You know what, I can’t continue to worry about what people think. That’s why my son was robbed of you to begin with.”

“We both made mistakes for the right reasons, but that’s over now.”

She nodded in agreement. “Let’s get in here and eat before Christina cleans us out.”

Jason wrapped his arms around Ingrid’s waist and they headed into the dining room.

After a stress free dinner and dessert, Christina headed home and DeShawn went to bed, leaving Jason and Ingrid to clean the kitchen.

“You’re sure you’re ready to trade the fast life for dishes?” Ingrid asked after drying the last dinner plate.

Jason snapped the top down on the half empty carton of ice cream then placed it in the freezer. “Yes,” he replied without hesitations. “You act as if I’ve been a star all my life. This is the life I want. Jay Slade is gone. That fast life and living in hotels got old the minute you left. I wanted you to be pampered. I’m a grown man and I can take care of myself.” He picked up the can of whipped cream that had been on the middle of the table.

“Now,” he said. “I’m ready to take care of you.”

Ingrid turned her back to the sink. “Oh yeah?” she asked as he closed the space between them.

“Yes. Why don’t you go upstairs and wait for me,” he said in a near growl.

She didn’t have to be told twice and Ingrid dashed upstairs.





Chapter Twenty-Three


Jason gathered the leftover whipped cream and chocolate sauce before he headed upstairs to Ingrid’s bedroom. Before he walked in, he tipped over to DeShawn’s door to look in on his sleeping son. Smiling, he stood in the doorway and watch his son sprawled out on the bed looking just like him when he was that age. Slowly, Jason crept away from DeShawn’s door and crossed over to Ingrid’s bedroom and stood in her dim doorway. She was lying across the bed with a come hither look on her face. He was happy to see Ingrid had changed into a black lace gown that made his mouth water the way it clung to her curves.

“Wow,” he said with a low whistle. “You look beautiful.”

“How can you see me in the dark?”

“Because I only have eyes for you,” he sang as he crossed over to the bed. Jason set the whipped cream and chocolate sauce on the night table beside the bed and then he took a seat on the edge of the bed. He pulled her into his arms and kissed her gently on the forehead. “This is how I plan to take care of you every night. We’ll put our son to bed and then I’m going to put you to bed.”

“I like the sound of that,” she said as she slipped her hands underneath his shirt.

As her hands snaked up his chest, Jason groaned in delight. Her fingers were light against his skin, but set his body on fire. He pulled back from her and took his shirt off and tossed it aside. “Lay down,” he commanded softly. Ingrid positioned herself in the center of the bed as Jason removed his pants. She smiled at the image of him in his black boxer briefs and bare chest. Her knees quivered in anticipation as he stood at the foot of the bed with the whipped cream can in his hand. “Open up for me, baby,” he said as he took her foot into his hand. Ingrid spread her legs as he brought her soft foot to his lips. Looking at the thickness of her thighs and her round hips, Jason became harder and even more aroused. She was perfect, the woman of his dreams and this time, he was going to make his dreams and hers come true. Easing onto the bed, Jason used his tongue to travel down the length of her leg until he reached her inner thigh. He sprayed a thick line of cream on her thigh and then slowly licked it off, easing up to the wet folds of flesh that hid her desire. Hungrily, he licked the sweet cream from her thighs and slipped his finger between her wet folds of flesh. She moaned as his finger stroked her throbbing bud and his tongue lapped against her thigh. Jason replaced the whipped cream with chocolate sauce and drizzled it on her other thigh as he continued to bring her to the brink with his finger. Ingrid’s knees quivered as Jason licked the chocolate from her thigh and then moved toward her womanhood. He replaced his finger with his tongue and savored the taste of her tanginess mixed with the sweetness of the chocolate.

“Oh Jason,” she moaned. “Ooh, that feels so good.” She pressed her hips against his lips, allowing him to go deeper and touch her where she needed him most. Jason licked her slowly as if she were his favorite treat. Ingrid gripped the edge of the bed as Jason took her over the edge.

“Yes,” she cried. “Oh, yes.” Jason deepened his kiss, lashing her faster until he could taste her orgasm. Ingrid’s body went limp as he inched up her stomach, using his lips and tongue to heighten her desire. She quivered as his mouth reached hers and he gently nibbled on her bottom lip.

“You taste so good,” Jason intoned when he broke their kiss. “But I know you feel even better.” He positioned himself between her thighs and his throbbing manhood danced near her wet opening.

“Jason,” she breathed before capturing his lips and planting a hot, wet kiss on him that shook his knees. As they kissed, he lifted her legs around his waist and they melted together. Ingrid moaned as he buried himself in her wetness.

“Oh, yes, you feel so good,” he moaned in her ear as their hips ground against each other. “I love you. I love you.”

Ingrid was unable to speak, unable to do anything but moan in pleasure. They slowed their pace and Ingrid ran her tongue up and down Jason’s neck sending heated sensations throughout his body. Though he wanted to hold back his pleasure, the more she kissed and teased his neck with her tongue, Jason was unable to hold back his orgasm.

“Ingrid,” he said as he buried his face in her breasts, kissing each one before wrapping his arms tightly around her.

“And this is what’s going to happen every night after we’re married?” she asked with a satisfied smile on her face. “Because I’m going to hold you to it.”

“And I’m going to enjoy being held to it. You just don’t know how much I’ve missed you and being able to be with someone who knows me the way you do.”

She ran her fingers though his locs as he kissed her breasts again. “We missed a lot of time together, a lot of moments like this,” he said.

“We did, but we can’t look back anymore,” she said. “We have a great future ahead of us. But are you sure that you want to give up the life of a megastar for this?”

“I’m tired of Jay Slade,” he said. “Jason Campbell wants his life back. I want to walk down the street without having to look for the TMZ cameras. I want to kiss one woman for the rest of my life.”

“But singing has always been your dream to be a singer. Why are you giving it up now?”

Jason shrugged. “Over the last three years, I saw that the music business isn’t just about talent. There are a lot more Rubys out there than people who want to nurture talent. It’s all about crafting an image. It doesn’t matter if you can sing or not as long as your video gets played on MTV, BET and you have a few million followers on Twitter, then you’re a star. I’m done with that. I can write songs right here,” he said then patted her thigh. “Laying here with you, I’m thinking of so many lyrics.”

“Umm,” she said with a laugh, “I don’t think I want to know.”

Jason looked into her eyes and smiled. “Just the feel of your lips/the rhythm in your hips/every inch of you makes me glad to be a man/I can do anything/can be who I’m supposed to be/you’re the best part of me.”

She stroked his cheek. “That was beautiful.”

“You’re my inspiration. Why do you think I made this last album?”

“Well, let me give you some more inspiration,” she said seductively. Ingrid grabbed his hand and placed it between her legs. When he felt how wet and ready she was, his manhood sprung to attention and they spent the rest of the night making love.





The next morning, Ingrid was awakened by the sound of laughter and the smell of bacon. She stretched her arms above her head and smiled. Last night wasn’t a dream, she was really this happy and her soon to be husband was waiting downstairs with their son and they were cooking breakfast. She looked over at the clock on her nightstand and was shocked to see that it was nine a.m. Ingrid was about to bolt up out of the bed when the door to her bedroom opened and Jason and DeShawn walked in with a tray filled with bacon, eggs, toast, coffee and juice.

“Good morning, Mommy,” DeShawn said happily. “We made you breakfast.”

She smoothed the blanket around her waist as she propped up the pillows behind her back. “I see and it smells great.” Jason placed the tray in front of her.

DeShawn laughed and pointed at Jason. “He burnt the toast at first.”

“What can I say? I’m not as good of a cook as your Mom. But, nothing on this plate is burnt.”

“This is wonderful,” she said after taking a sip of juice. “But you guys shouldn’t spoil me like this.”

DeShawn hopped up on the bed and stole a piece of bacon from his mother’s plate. “OK.”

“You deserve this,” Jason said. “I called the restaurant and told them that you’re not coming in today.”

“Jason,” she said.

“I don’t want to hear it. You deserve a day off and we have plans for you, right little man?”

DeShawn nodded and giggled. “Yes.”

“You eat and I’m going to get DeShawn bathed and dressed,” Jason said.

“Sounds good to me,” she said as she began to eat her breakfast, which was surprisingly good.





Meanwhile, Jason ushered his son into the bathroom to take a bath. “All right,” he said as he began to fill the bathtub, “bubble or plain?”

“Bubbles,” he said excitedly. Jason grabbed the Mr. Bubbles soap and poured a capful into the water. After DeShawn got into the bathtub, Jason realized that he had no idea where to find the washcloths and towels. His son splashed happily in the water, wetting the floor and the legs of his pants.

“Stop splashing for a second, I have to get you a towel and a cloth so you can wash behind those ears.”

“OK,” he said as he stopped splashing and grabbed one of his boats from the edge of the tub.

Just as Jason was about to dash out of the bathroom, Ingrid appeared in the doorway with a towel and washcloth. “You do know that you can’t leave him unattended in the bath, right?” she asked with a raised eyebrow.

Jason happily took the towel and washcloth and then turned back to his son. “I never said I’d be father of the year this year. You’re going to have to teach me what I need to know.”

Ingrid followed him inside and smiled. “You do have a lot to learn, but I’m hoping you’re going to be a quick study.”

Jason, who had knelt down on the wet edge of the tub gently washed his son’s back and smiled. “I will be,” he said then in a swift motion, he slipped on the slippery edge of the tub and tumbled in. DeShawn laughed and splashed his dad with the sail of his boat.

Ingrid dropped her head and laughed. “Yes, there is going to be a lot of teaching going on here.”

Jason pulled himself out of the tub and shook his head. “I’ll get you a towel,” Ingrid said as she headed out of the bathroom to the linen closet. When she returned to the bathroom, Jason had DeShawn in his arms, wrapped in a towel while he dripped on the floor. Her heart swelled as she saw how effortlessly the two were getting along. The sound of DeShawn’s laughter was music to her ears and she knew that marrying Jason was not only a good thing for her, but for their son as well. We’re going to have a wonderful life, she thought as she watched the two men she loved more than anything else.

“OK, DeShawn. You can go and get dressed in your room so that this guy can dry off,” Ingrid said.

DeShawn laughed and pulled Jason’s hair then hopped out of his arms. “That kid is funny,” Jason said as he peeled his wet shirt off his body. Ingrid wrapped a plush towel around his torso.

“He is his father’s son,” she said with a laugh. “And just for future reference, I don’t allow him to splash in the tub because slips do happen.”

“You have jokes, huh?”

“He’s rambunctious just like you and I loved how he pulled your hair,” she said. “That was classic.”

Jason shook his wet locs, splashing water on Ingrid. “Oh really?”

“And I was going to give you this towel for your hair,” she said then turned to walk out of the bathroom. Jason quickly closed the space between them and wrapped his arms around Ingrid.

“Don’t be like that, babe,” he said then kissed her on the tip of her nose. “I have to dry off and get to the hotel and get some clothes.”

“Why don’t you just move in here?” she asked. “Or. . .”

“I thought you’d never ask,” he said.

“And, since you’re still a superstar, I know you have someone here who can bring your things over while I get our son dressed.”

“I was supposed to do that, remember. Did you even finish your breakfast?”

“Well,” she began.

“I told you this morning was all about you, darling.”

“You needed my help,” she said.

Jason squeezed her bottom and smiled, “That’s the understatement of the year.”

“You dry off, get some clothes and I’m going to get me and DeShawn dressed. Then the afternoon can be all about me.”

“And don’t forget about tonight,” he said, lust dripping from his words.

“Oh, that’s my favorite part of the day,” she replied with a wink.





Jason headed to Ingrid’s bedroom and pulled out his cell phone then he called Terry.

“What’s up?” his manager said.

“I need some clothes, actually, bring me all of my stuff.”

“Where are you and what are we going to do about this contest?” Terry asked.

“I’m at my fiancée’s and all we have to do with this contest is get the ads out there and set up some club dates. Don’t get all Ruby on me,” he said.

“I’m not, but you’ve been so focused on your family, what’s the purpose of still doing the contest? I know you came here to win her back and she’s agreed to marry you, seems as if you won.”

“I have won, but I also have an obligation to Def Jam.”

“Can you balance both, family man?” Terry asked with a laugh. “I can’t believe you’re settling down. What about the road? We had some good times on the road.”

“Correction, you had some good times on the road picking up that groupie love,” Jason said with a laugh. “We had fun, but I’m tired of that. I want what I should’ve had three years ago.”

“Well, give me the directions and I’ll get your stuff to you,” he said.

Jason gave Terry the instructions and then stripped out of his wet clothes. He laid back on the bed and threw the towel across his waist.

Ingrid and DeShawn bounced in the room and stopped when they saw Jason on the bed. “What are you . . .DeShawn, go downstairs and watch some cartoons until we’re ready to go.”

“OK,” the little boy said, oblivious to what was going on. Ingrid wasn’t even sure that DeShawn had seen his dad sprawled nearly naked on the bed.

“Sorry about that,” Jason said after DeShawn left. “Terry’s going to bring my clothes over.”

“Umm-huh, so you decided to lounge around here naked until then?” she asked. Ingrid shook her head and parked herself on the edge of the bed beside him. She stroked his hair and smiled. “What am I going to do with you?”

“How about the better question of what are you going to do to me?” He sat up and kissed her tenderly and quickly.

Ingrid laughed and pulled back. “Absolutely nothing with that little boy downstairs,” she said. “When will your things get here?”

As if on cue, the doorbell rang and Ingrid knew it wasn’t Christina, who hadn’t used the doorbell in years. “I’ll get it.”

She bounded downstairs and let Terry in. “Hello,” she said.

“Hi, is Jay-Jason here?” he asked as he stood in the foyer loaded down with luggage.

“He’s upstairs. Do you need some help with those bags?”

He shook his head no. “Miss Lady, I’ve lifted this man’s bags for years and if he saw me putting you to work, I’d probably get my head handed to me.”

Ingrid smiled and pointed Terry toward her bedroom. “Thanks,” he said, lost in Ingrid’s smile. “I’m beginning to see why Jay came back. Do you have any sisters?”

“No, it’s just me but if you’re going to stick around through the contest, I might have the perfect person for you.”

Terry headed up the stairs. “I’m going to hold you to that.”

When Terry was out of earshot, Ingrid picked up the phone and called Christina.

“What’s going on?” her friend asked after Ingrid said hello.

“Jason and DeShawn cooked breakfast for us. Why don’t you come over and eat.”

“Ingrid, what are you up to. I always invite myself to eat. You’re scheming something,” Christina said wisely.

“So, I want you to meet somebody and I need you to get over here now.”

“You’ve become one of them? Since you have a man you have to hook up the world?”

“He’s really cute and really single,” she said.

“Really cute?”

“Yes and not from Elmore.”

“I’m on my way.”

Moments later as Terry headed downstairs, Christina was walking through the door. “Ingrid,” she called out.

“Hello,” Terry said as he eyed her with apparent interest. “I’m not sure where Ingrid is.”

DeShawn rushed over to them. “Auntie Chrissy,” he said then hugged her around her leg.

“Chrissy?” Terry asked.

“Christina, actually. Only little Shawn can get away with calling me Chrissy.”

“Well,” Terry said with a smile on his full lips. “I think it’s almost as cute as you are.”

Ingrid walked into the living room from the kitchen. “I see you two met. Terry, would you like to join us for breakfast?”

“Only if Chrissy is staying,” he said then winked at her.

“Then, you will be joining us in the kitchen,” Ingrid said. Terry walked a few steps ahead of them and didn’t hear Christina when she said, “You were right,” to her best friend.





Chapter Twenty-four


Over the next two weeks, Jason and Ingrid were so wrapped up in planning their wedding and Jason planning the contest that they’d fall in to bed at night drained. And Ingrid wasn’t fooled by Christina’s even more constant presence in her home. She was there for Terry, not to help her as she’d claimed over and over again. Without her being a distraction, Ingrid was sure that Terry and Jason would’ve been done with the planning for the contest, but Christina and Terry were stealing away every chance that they got.

As Ingrid lay in Jason’s arms, she released a sigh. “What’s wrong, babe?” he asked.

“I’m tired. We have way too much going on right now.”

“I know. I say we should just elope,” he quipped.

“And have the good people of Elmore talk about us forever?” Ingrid asked with a mock indignation. “I don’t see why we shouldn’t take off and get married. All we need is a preacher, DeShawn and one witness.”

“Make that two if you’re talking about Chrissy. I swear, Terry can’t stop talking about her. It’s really kind of sickening.”

“Maybe we should’ve introduced Ruby to a man all those years ago,” Ingrid joked.

Jason brushed his lips against her cheek, then said, “She probably would’ve eaten his heart with a spoon, tore his head off and used it for a bowling ball.”

Ingrid giggled and pressed her hand against his chest. “I love you so much.”

“I love you more.”

“Do you love me enough to let me go straight to sleep tonight?” she asked as she felt the thickness of his erection against her thighs.

“Umm, I guess so,” he said slightly disappointed. Ingrid turned on her side and pressed her hip into his pelvis. “But you cannot do that.” He wrapped his arms around her and gently kissed her on the side of her neck.

“And you think doing that is going to allow me to go to sleep?”

Before Jason could reply, the bedroom door opened and DeShawn ambled in. “Mommy,” he said. “I don’t feel too good.”

Ingrid and Jason sat up in the bed. She swung her legs over the side of the bed and took her little boy into her arms. He was burning up with a fever. Ingrid turned to Jason. “Go get the thermometer out of the medicine cabinet.”

Jason moved like a bolt of lightning, grabbed the thermometer and rushed back into the bedroom. Ingrid cradled DeShawn in her arms and rocked him back and forth as the little boy sniffled.

“Here you go,” Jason said as he handed Ingrid the digital thermometer. Ingrid slipped the thermometer underneath DeShawn’s tongue.

“Oh my God, he has a fever of one hundred-five, we’ve got to get him to the hospital.” She scrambled to get dressed while Jason took their son from her arms. Before they made it to the car, DeShawn vomited three times and he cried out saying that he was hurting. Ingrid shivered and tried to hide her fear, but she had no idea what was wrong with her son. Jason loaded DeShawn in the back seat. The last thing Jason thought about was the leather seats, which he was normally very particular about. He even placed his khaki Armani jacket underneath DeShawn’s head in case he vomited again. As he listened to his son moan, his heart dropped to his knees. The little boy was so active yesterday as he played with his trucks and roamed underneath the kitchen table while Jason met with Terry.

Jason had reached down and picked his son up, held him on his lap briefly and kissed his cheek. He’d promised the little boy that when he and Mr. Terry finished talking that they would go to the park and run around. The little boy had nodded and bounced into the living room. Jason remembered rushing through his discussion with Terry so that he could take his son to the park.

He had no idea that twenty-four hours later, he’d be rushing his son to the hospital. After making sure his little boy was secure, Jason took off for Elmore Regional Hospital. Ingrid watched DeShawn and he lay in the back seat, his occasional cries of pain sent chills up and down her spine. What was wrong with her baby? Had she been so caught up in her life that she didn’t notice what was going on with her son? Was she that selfish now that she was with Jason?

No, I didn’t do anything wrong, she thought trying to force the negative voices out of her head as they pulled up to the hospital emergency room. Jason blew the horn until two attendants rushed outside.

Ingrid hopped out of the car. “My son, he’s sick. In the back seat, I don’t know. . .”

One of the attendants, who was a regular at Soul to The Bone touched Ingrid’s shoulder. “Miss Ingrid, we’re going to take care of him, OK.”

She nodded as silent tears fell from her eyes. As the attendants took DeShawn out of the car, Jason pulled Ingrid into his arms. “He’s going to be fine,” he whispered. “He’s a strong little boy.”

Her hot tears seeped through his cotton tee shirt as he half dragged her into the ER. One of the attendants who had brought DeShawn in led Jason and Ingrid to the bed where DeShawn was. A doctor and a nurse were standing over the little boy checking his vital signs and drawing blood.

“What’s wrong with my baby?” she asked as she looked from the doctor to the nurse.

“We’re trying to find out. His temperature is spiking,” the doctor said. “We’re going to have to move him up to the Intensive Care Unit and run some tests.”

“Oh my God,” Ingrid cried as she clung to Jason.

“What was he complaining about?” the doctor asked.

“Well,” Jason said, “he was fine yesterday, but earlier he was vomiting and crying out in pain.”

“How old is he?” the doctor asked.

“Three.”

“All right,” the doctor said then nodded toward the nurse to roll the bed. “We’re going to the third floor. You can take the guest elevator.”

“Come on,” Jason said, nudging Ingrid who seemed to be in a trance. Her steps were slow and labored.

“This is all my fault, isn’t it?” she asked as they stepped on the elevator car.

Jason stroked her hair and pressed her head against his shoulder. “We don’t know what’s wrong. Babe, kids get sick all the time. Whatever DeShawn needs to get better, I’m going to make sure he has it. If he needs specialists or anything, I’m going to provide it.”

“I pray that it’s enough,” she said as the doors opened on the third floor.

Jason and Ingrid took a seat in the waiting room and waited for the doctor to come out and tell them what was going on with their son. He rocked back and forth, scared that he was going to lose his son when he’d just found him.

The hours ticked away slowly as Jason and Ingrid waited for some news. She lay against his shoulder, drifting in and out of sleep. Each time she woke up, she had the same question. “What have they said about my baby?”

“The doctors still haven’t come out,” he replied each time.

Ingrid rose to her feet and stretched. “What is going on?” she mumbled as she paced back and forth. “Did I do something to make him sick? What if the chicken we ate for dinner wasn’t properly cooked.”

Jason stood up and crossed over to her, then he pulled her into his arms. “We can’t stand here and question anything until we find out what the doctors know,” he said as he rocked her back and forth.

“I wish they would come and tell us something,” she said. “The waiting is killing me.”

Jason nodded in agreement, but he needed to be strong for her. Still, he was just as afraid as she was and he wanted to know what was wrong with his son.

A few hours later, DeShawn’s doctor entered the waiting room. Ingrid and Jason rushed over to him.

“How’s my son?” Ingrid asked as Jason held her hand tightly.

“We have been able to get his fever down somewhat. I’m afraid it looks as if he may be suffering from meningococcal meningitis.”

“But, how?” Ingrid stammered.

“We won’t know for sure until the blood tests are back. But as a precaution, I want you to have your house sanitized and you two should be checked,” he said.

“How did this happen?” Ingrid asked again.

“DeShawn isn’t the first case we’ve seen this summer. In a town like this, it’s easy for kids to pass this disease on to each other. I think we’ve caught it early enough to stave off any of the harmful side effects.”

Jason gripped Ingrid’s hand as he asked, “What are the side effects?”

“If left untreated, there could be brain damage. We’ve started him on some antibiotics. Once we see how he responds to it, we will go from there.”

“Can I see him?” Ingrid asked.

“Not yet,” the doctor replied. “I’ve got to go back. I’m going to have a nurse come out and set up a time for you two to be vaccinated.”

“All right,” Jason said as he hugged Ingrid.

“Doctor,” Ingrid said. “Will my son be all right?”

“We’ll have to see,” he said then headed down the hall. Tears welled in Ingrid’s eyes and she held on to Jason’s arm.

“We can’t lose him,” she said through her tears. “The doctor isn’t telling us something.”

“Ingrid,” he said. “He’s going to be fine.”

“Oh, God, I hope you’re right,” she said as he led her back to their seats.

Hours ticked away before Ingrid and Jason heard anything else about DeShawn. After the nurse had given them their shots, Ingrid sought out the doctor. “How’s my son?” she asked when he met her and Jason in the laboratory.

“So far, he’s responding well to the antibiotics. His fever has broken, but we still want to keep him isolated for a few days to make sure he’s not contagious.”

“When can we see him?” Jason asked.

“Give us twenty-four hours to make sure we’re dealing with viral and not bacterial meningitis. Bacterial meningitis is a dangerous strain of the disease and there can be permanent damage if we don’t treat it properly.”

“What do you have to do?” Jason asked. “I thought the blood test gave you all the answers.”

“We need to do a spinal tap,” the doctor said cautiously.

“No,” Ingrid blurted out. “There has to be another way.”

“Unfortunately, Mrs. Harrington, there isn’t. I know it sounds scary, but it isn’t. The needle will tap into fluid around his spine. He’s not going to feel much pain. Without it, we’re not going to know if we’re taking the correct course of treatment.”

“There’s no other way?” Ingrid asked.

“I’m afraid not,” the doctor replied. “There is a limited risk with this procedure, but DeShawn is young and will bounce back quickly.”

“It’s the risk, no matter how limited, that has us worried,” Jason said quietly. “But if this is the only way to find out what we’re dealing with then we have to do it.” Ingrid clung to Jason’s arm still not sold on having a needle jammed into her son’s back.

“All right, I’ll bring in the consent form and we’ll get the test started.”

When the doctor left, Ingrid cried on Jason’s shoulder. “This is so scary.”

He kissed her on the forehead, then said, “I know babe. But our boy is going to bounce back and be even stronger.”

Ingrid gripped his arm tighter and nodded. “You’re right. He’s never been sick before. This little boy doesn’t even catch a cold.”

“That’s why this isn’t going to get him down.” Jason hugged her. “We’re going to have to get the house cleaned and Chrissy probably needs to get a shot too.”

Ingrid nodded, “I’m going to have to call my mother as well,” she said.

Jason tensed at the mention of Lois. Somehow he figured that Lois would blame him for her grandson’s illness. “Do you want me to call Chrissy while you talk to your mother?”

“Thanks,” Ingrid said as she pulled out her cell phone. Jason crossed over to the other side of the waiting room and dialed Christina’s number.

“Where are you guys?” she asked after he said hello. “And don’t tell me that you guys have run off and gotten married.”

“No, we’re at the hospital. DeShawn is sick. He has meningitis.”

“Oh my God. I’m coming there.”

“Since you were around him, you probably need to get a vaccine shot. The doctor said he isn’t the first kid to get diagnosed with it this summer. Can you call Celina and tell her that she and her son might need to get checked too.”

“I’ll do that,” she said. “How’s Ingrid?”

“Very worried and scared. We’re praying that our son will pull through this.”

“He’ll be in my prayers too. Do you and Ingrid need anything, food or some coffee?”

Jason looked down at his watch, they’d been in the hospital for over ten hours. “Yeah, I’m going to get Ingrid to eat.”

“What about you, Jay? DeShawn is going to need his mom and dad when he comes through this. So, I’m going to make sure you eat.”

“Thanks, Chrissy,” he said as he watched Ingrid have an intense conversation with her mother. “But I’m going to be fine. I’m worried about Ingrid and DeShawn right now.”

“Is she talking to her mom?”

“Yeah, and I imagine it’s not a pleasant conversation.”

“It never is with her,” Christina said. “OK, I’m going over to the restaurant to get you guys a decent meal and some coffee.”

“Thanks.”





Ingrid gripped her cell phone so tightly that her knuckles turned ashen. “How could you allow this to happen?” Lois demanded. “Maybe if you’d paid more attention to DeShawn instead of trying to . . .”

“I don’t need to hear this right now,” she snapped. “Your grandson is here fighting for his life and you’re still talking about Jason. He has nothing to do with this.”

“Sure he doesn’t.”

“Are you going to come and get the vaccination and check on your grandson or are you going to sit on the phone talking?”

“Of course I’m coming to see my grandson.”

“And, Mother,” Ingrid warned. “When you get here if you say one out of the way word to Jason, I will have you removed by security. Both of us are concerned about our son and the last thing we need is for you to be here with your negativity.”

“I’m coming to support my grandchild. I don’t care what mistake you make with that man.”

“That man, is DeShawn’s father and he’s going to be my husband. When are you going to accept that?”

“Goodbye,” she said then hung up the phone. As tempted as she was, Ingrid didn’t toss her phone across the room. The last thing she needed to do was argue with her mother about Jason. If they could’ve gotten though DeShawn’s illness without her mother needing to know, she wouldn’t have called her at all. When she felt Jason’s hand on her shoulder, Ingrid released a sigh.

“That woman is going to be the death of me,” she said.

“Your mother?”

“Of course. She’s the most insufferable woman that I’ve ever known. Somehow she’s turned this into . . .I warned her that if she came here to start trouble I would have security remove her,” she snapped. Jason drew her into his arms and held her tightly.

“Baby, your mother isn’t going to worry us because she loves DeShawn just as much as we do and I’m sure all she wants is for him to get better.”

“Yeah,” she said flatly.

Before Jason could say anything else, the doctor entered the waiting room and sought them out.

Jason and Ingrid rushed to the doctor. “Is everything all right?” she asked.

“So far, yes. The spinal tap went off without a hitch. DeShawn didn’t even flinch. From the last bit of antibiotics that we gave him and his response to them, I’m leaning close to saying that he has viral meningitis that will be treated with the medicine. There is a limited chance of serious side-effects.”

“That’s great news,” Jason said happily. “So, what’s next?”

“We’re going to wait for the test results and then DeShawn might be able to go home and recover. The recovery process takes about seven to ten days.”

“We’re going to have to get the house disinfected first, right?” Ingrid asked.

“Yes and have his close friends and family come in for a vaccination. It’s a good thing we caught this early,” the doctor said. “The results of the spinal tap will be available in forty-eight hours.”

“Then I guess we’re going be staying here for the next two days,” Ingrid said.





Chapter Twenty-five


Ingrid drifted off to sleep after Jason forced her to eat the food Christina brought over from the restaurant. He smiled as he watched her sleep. Ingrid needed her rest, but she was too stubborn to admit it and she’d been fighting sleep for hours. Christina walked back into the waiting room, rubbing her injection site on her arm. “She finally went to sleep?” she asked Jason.

“Yeah,” he said as he stifled a yawn. “She’s so worried about DeShawn that she’s forgetting to take care of herself.”

“And you’re just as bad because you look like hell. Why don’t you take a nap too and if the doctor comes in, I’ll wake both of you?”

Jason shook his head. “I’ve had too much caffeine to close my eyes.”

Christina shot him a “yeah, right,” look and motioned for him to sit down beside Ingrid. “Both of you are hard headed and I guess that’s why you were made for each other.”

“Whatever.” He took the seat beside Ingrid and gently stroked her cheek. She stirred slightly, but didn’t wake up. Satisfied, Jason leaned back in the seat and closed his eyes. Before the needed sleep could take hold, he was jolted by Lois’s voice.

“Where’s my grandson? What’s his condition?”

Both Jason and Ingrid sat up. “Mom,” Ingrid said.

“While you two are lounging, does anyone know what’s going on with DeShawn?” she asked snidely.

“Mother, don’t start,” Ingrid said as she yawned. “We’ve been here all night.”

“I would’ve been here too, if I felt welcome. Over the years, I’ve been the one to help you with DeShawn and now that he’s here, I guess you don’t need me anymore.”

“Did I say that?” Ingrid snapped.

“Ladies,” Jason said. “Not the time or the place.”

Lois rolled her eyes at Jason and continued to talk to Ingrid. “What did the doctor say?”

“We have to wait two days to see what strain of meningitis he has. Right now, he’s being treated with antibiotics.”

“Have you seen him?” Lois asked, her voice filled with concern. Jason watched the two women and realized that Lois may hold contempt in her heart for him, but she loved his son.

“It’s best that we don’t see him until we know his condition,” Ingrid said as she wrapped her arm around her mother’s shoulders.

Lois nodded and then shot a menacing look at Jason. “Why haven’t you called in specialists and spared no expense to make sure my grandson gets well?”

“Mrs. Russell, if I have to do that, I will. Right now, we’re not sure what DeShawn is dealing with and so far, the doctors said he’s responding to the treatment. I’m going to do everything to make sure my son recovers from this.”

“Father of the freaking year, huh?”

“Mom,” Ingrid said in a warning tone. Jason put his hand up.

“Mrs. Russell, since you’re determined to have this private conversation here and now, then let’s have it out for the last time.”

Before Jason and Lois could continue their argument, the doctor walked into the waiting room. The tension in the air shifted from the impending argument to DeShawn’s health.

Ingrid rushed over to the doctor. “Is everything all right?” she asked him.

“I just left DeShawn and I’m happy to say that he’s responding well to the treatment. Even without the test results being back, I’m pretty sure that he has viral meningitis.”

“Can we see him?” Jason asked. “He has to be scared in that hospital bed alone.”

“He did ask for his mother. The two of you can go back, but keep it short because he’s going to need plenty of rest.”

Jason grabbed Ingrid’s hand and kissed it. “Let’s go.”

They followed the doctor to the pediatric intensive care unit. Ingrid inhaled deeply before heading to DeShawn’s bed. Even though the doctor said his condition was improving, he looked so small and fragile in the bed with an IV in his arm. “Mommy,” he said in a quiet voice. Ingrid took his hand in hers as Jason stood beside her. “Yes, baby,” she said. “I’m right here.”

“I’m hungry,” he said.

“You’ll get something to eat soon. Right now, you have to rest and get stronger, okay?”

He nodded then looked up at Jason. “Hi,” he said.

“What’s up, champ?” Jason asked as he held back tears of relief. “Are you feeling better?”

“I don’t have to throw up no more,” the little boy replied.

Ingrid kissed his hand, “I’m glad.”

“When can I get something to eat?” he asked.

Jason tapped Ingrid on the shoulder, “I’m going to go find a doctor or a nurse and see if we can get some food for DeShawn.”

As Jason headed out the door, Ingrid smiled for the first time since DeShawn was admitted in the hospital. Her son was going to be all right and his father had been by her side the entire time. Jason wasn’t Jay Slade, he wasn’t putting his career above his family. She had no reason to fear the future anymore. She kissed DeShawn again as he drifted off to sleep. A nurse entered the room with a tray of chicken broth and lemon gelatin.

“Your husband said our patient is hungry. He’s going to be on a liquid diet until he goes home,” she said.

“My husband?” Ingrid asked. “Jason’s . . .Yeah, he is hungry.”

She set the tray on the bedside table. “He looks a lot like that singer, Jay Slade,” she said then left the room. Moments later, Jason walked in.

“I see the food made it,” he said as he kissed Ingrid on the cheek.

“Thank you,” she said. “You’ve been wonderful.”

“We had to be here for our son,” he replied as DeShawn woke from his cat nap. “I got some soup and Jell-O for you.”

“Okay,” he replied, his voice thick with sleep.

Ingrid raised his bed slightly and began feeding him the soup. DeShawn made a twisted face as he tasted the soup.

“Yuck,” he said after two spoonfuls.

“Just a little more and you can have dessert,” Ingrid said, all the while thinking she couldn’t remember the last time she fed her little boy. He ate a little more soup and then devoured the gelatin. Once he was finished with his meal, the doctor entered and ushered Ingrid and Jason out.

“You can come back in about an hour,” the doctor said. “We have to run some more tests and check his vitals.”

“Thank you for letting us see him,” Jason said.

“Children seem to rebound a little quicker when they know Mom and Dad are waiting for them. I know he was happy to see you two.”

Ingrid hugged Jason tightly, “And we were glad to see him too.”

Though they saw DeShawn was doing better, Jason and Ingrid stayed in the waiting room of the hospital. When they returned there, he wasn’t too happy to see a scowling Lois sitting there.

“How is my grandson, since I can’t go see him?” Lois asked Ingrid.

“He’s doing much better and you can see him in an hour,” she said quietly. “Mom, this isn't the time for you and Jason to try and compete over DeShawn. He’s sick, could’ve died and I don’t want the two of you duking it out in this hospital.” Ingrid looked from Jason to her mother. “If the two of you can’t play nice until my son is released from the hospital, then both of you are going to have to stay away.”

“That’s right,” Christina mumbled from her corner.

“But. . .” Lois stammered.

“No buts, Mother,” Ingrid said forcefully. “Jason is DeShawn’s father and the reason he wasn’t here for him is because I hid my little boy from him. I didn’t trust that he would put our son first because I spent too much time listening to other people. I know you mean well, but I’m not going to listen to you either.”

“I’ll be back in an hour,” Lois said as she rose to her feet and dashed out of the waiting room.

Jason turned to Ingrid, “I’m sorry if we were stressing you out.”

“I don’t want to talk about this right now, I’m too happy that my son is recovering and my mother will have to get over herself.”

“You know we will probably never be friends.”

Ingrid shrugged. “You have to pick your battles with her. And though I know there is going to be a battle between the two of you, leave my son out of it.”

Jason kissed her on the forehead. “I will.”

Christina walked over to the couple and placed her arms around both of them. “This is beautiful. The only thing that would make it better would be having my godson out of the hospital and all of us having a picnic in the park.”

“All of us?” Ingrid questioned with her eyebrow raised. “Why is it that whenever there is food involved, you want to be there?”

“Because I can’t cook and my best friend is the best cook in the world,” she said. “I’d better call Clarence and make sure they put a rush on cleaning your house. Then I’m going home. Terry’s waiting for me.”

Jason shook his head. “Don’t make him want to stay down here, okay.”

“And don’t you dash off to New York with him, either!” Ingrid called after her friend as she headed for the exit.

Ingrid turned to Jason and shook her head, “I hope Terry doesn’t hurt her. Christina tries to pretend that she’s tough, but she isn’t.”

“Terry’s a good guy, but I’m not sure that he’s trying to settle down. Still, that’s their little red wagon to pull until the wheels fall off.”

“You’re right, but that is my best friend and I want her to have the same happiness that I’m feeling with you.”

He stroked her cheek tenderly. “This is what I missed when I was out on the road. I knew I was going to have you in my arms again if it was the last thing that I ever did.”

“You really missed me?”

“More than you can ever know. You’re the only woman who I’ve ever loved, Ingrid.”

“And all of the women that you were photographed with on the red carpet and at all of those events?” she asked.

“It was all PR. Besides, they wanted Jay Slade and I know you have always loved Jason.”

“So we’ve both been fools for the last three years, huh?”

“Yes. Nothing will ever come between us again. I love you and our little boy too much to miss another moment in his life or yours,” he said.

Ingrid closed her eyes and told herself that she wasn’t dreaming and this was real. Her life was going to include Jason, the one thing that she’d wished for since DeShawn was born.

“After we’re married, there’s one thing that I want us to do,” he said.

“What’s that?”

“Take a huge family portrait,” he said, “and hang it up in the living room above the fireplace.”

“I like the sound of that,” she said.

An hour later, Lois returned to the hospital and did everything she could not to look at Jason. “Is it all right if I go see my grandson now?” she asked.

“Come on, Mom, let’s go,” Ingrid said as she rose to her feet.

When the two women headed back to see DeShawn, Jason pulled out his BlackBerry and called Terry. Even though he’d told Ingrid they should stay out of Terry and Chrissy’s affair, he had to make sure his friend knew better than to hurt her.

“This is Terry,” he said when he answered the phone.

“What’s up, man?”

“Jay, how’s your son? Christina has been worried.”

“He’s doing a lot better, thank God. He should be going home in a few days,” Jason said. “So, you and Christina are getting pretty close, huh?”

“Yes. She’s a beautiful girl, inside and out,” Terry said with a wistful tone in his voice.

“Oh hell, you’re falling for her pretty hard. How is this going to work with you in New York and she’s going to be in South Carolina?”

“We’ll find a way. It’s still early. But, don’t worry, whatever decision we come up with it will be a mutual one. They don’t make them like women in Elmore, man. And since I knew you were taking care of family business, I finished up the leg work on the contest and you won’t believe who has agreed to do the album cover for the winner.”

“Celina Hart?”

“How did you know?”

“There aren’t many artists in town and she’s a great woman to boot.”

“I have three of her paintings in my loft in New York,” Terry said. “Elmore is full of talent. Maybe we ought to put an office here. Christina took me to church last Sunday and the entire choir could get a record deal.”

“You keep mentioning Christina. Is it getting pretty serious with you two?”

“Maybe, it’s going that way, look man, I don’t know. We’re taking our time, like I said.”

“Don’t hurt her and don’t let too much time pass. When you meet a good woman, you need to hold on to her because you’re not going to find that kind of woman twice.”

“I hear you,” he said.

“Terry, I know I don’t need to tell you this, but if you’re not serious about her, don’t lead her on.”

“Come on, man, I would never do anything to hurt Christina.”

“Make sure that you don’t because she’s a part of the family. She’s my son’s godmother. She’s going to be around.”

“And so will I. The contest is set for next weekend. We have fifteen contestants and they all have dynamic voices.”

“Great, let me know where I need to be and I’m there. I’m sorry I wasn’t able to be more helpful.”

“Dude, you’re the artist, no one expected you to be much help anyway,” Terry joked. “You worry about getting your son well.”

“Will do,” he said then hung up. Jason was surprised to see that Ingrid was standing in front of him.

“I thought you were going to stay out of their business?” she teased. “And don’t give me that it was a business call either.”

Jason threw his hands in the air. “So, you caught me,” he said. “I think those two are going to be all right.”

Ingrid wrapped her arms around Jason. “Your son wants to see you and just be forewarned that my mother is still in there with him.”

“Oh great. Maybe I’ll wait until she’s done.”

“No. You need to go now and be an adult,” Ingrid said. “It’s not as if you two aren’t going to see each other. She is his grandmother.”

Jason kissed Ingrid’s forehead. “All right, but keep in mind that we are in a hospital and . . .”

“Just go,” she said as she pointed down the hall and laughed.

As Jason headed for his son’s room, he decided that he wasn’t going to start an argument with Lois, they didn’t need to expose DeShawn to the anger and the fighting when his focus should’ve been on getting well. “Knock, knock,” he said before entering the room.

Jason smiled brightly at his son and barely acknowledged Lois, who sat with her back to the door. “Hey, Jason, you came back.” Jason crossed over to DeShawn’s bedside. “Of course, I came back, champ. I never make a promise that I can’t keep.”

Lois released a loud, unlady-like snort. “I have a bridge in Brooklyn to sell too,” she mumbled.

Jason rolled his eyes at Lois and kissed his son on the cheek. “Seems like you’re getting much better. Do you mind if I borrow your grandma for a moment?”

“OK,” DeShawn said as a nurse walked in the room carrying a popsicle. Jason motioned for Lois to meet him outside. With slow steps, Lois followed Jason into the hall way.

“What?” Lois growled at him.

“You don’t like me, I get that. There’s probably not a thing in the world that I can do about it, but there are two things that tie us together. Your daughter and my son.”

“You’re right, I don’t like you and I always knew you would do this. You broke Ingrid’s heart and now you come back into town as if you’re some white knight here to save the day. Where were you when she was crying her eyes out because she loved you so much? How could you do that to her when all Ingrid ever wanted to do was love you? Then here comes this beautiful baby boy and you pretended that he didn’t even exist. I knew all along that DeShawn was your son. Even when Ingrid tried to pass him off as that gay man’s son. There you were dancing around on T.V. as if you didn’t have a care in the world.” Lois pointed her finger in Jason’s face and shook her head from side to side.

“I would’ve been here. I’ve always loved Ingrid, that has never changed,” Jason said. “Why do have such a hard time believing that I love your daughter?”

“Because I know the kind of man you are and the kind of people you come from. Your father killed your mother, do you think I want to see you do that to my daughter?” Lois struggled to keep her voice below a shriek.

“And because of that, you have a low opinion of me? Because of what my drunk father did? I spent my entire life doing everything in my power not to be like that man. I’m no more my father than Ingrid is a bitter woman like you,” Jason jabbed.

Lois blanched and held on to the wall. “How dare you?”

“How dare me? You’ve hated me for something I could never control and now you’re looking at me as if I’m the person who hurt you and turned you into who you are. What did I do to hurt you?”

“By hurting my child, you hurt me. And who are you to judge me?”

“The same person that you are to judge me. Look, we’re not going to be friends, but we are going to see each other. I’m marrying Ingrid and DeShawn is my son. You have been a part of his life and that doesn’t have to change. We have to learn how to coexist for DeShawn’s sake.”

“That’s about the only thing we can agree on,” Lois said after taking a deep breath. “So, how do we do that?”

Jason shrugged his shoulder. “We’ll have to find a way because DeShawn deserves his family. That’s the one thing that I’ve never had, growing up I wished that I had a grandmother who loved me as much as you care for my son. Despite how we feel about each other, I can’t take that away from him.”

Lois sighed and nodded. “Then we will find a way to learn to like each other,” she said. “Do you want to spend some time alone with DeShawn while I go grab something to eat?”

Jason smiled, taking note of how hard it was for her to make that small concession to him. It’s a start, he thought as he headed inside DeShawn’s room.





Chapter Twenty-six


Two days later, DeShawn was well enough to go home and he was greeted by nearly half of the town. Felix brought over all of DeShawn’s favorite foods, Christina brought him a stack of Disney movies and action cartoons, Celina and Darius brought him art supplies and popcorn. Some of the regulars from Soul To The Bone stopped by just to say hello and tell DeShawn how happy they were that he was on the mend.

Ingrid allowed DeShawn to lounge on the sofa and sip his juice and watch TV and he was in heaven. She and Jason watched him from the doorway of the kitchen as he napped. “He’s tuckered out,” Ingrid said. “I guess the excitement of being home and seeing everybody got to him.”

“Yeah. I could watch him for hours,” Jason said as he encircled Ingrid’s hips. “The only thing I will ever regret is not being there for you and him when he was first born.”

“We can’t relive the past. You’re here now and that is all that matters,” she said softly.

“Then let’s fly into the future. Who needs this big wedding when we can just get married with me, you and our son? I want this family now, more than I ever wanted a platinum record, a number one single or this career. Hell, even your mother has agreed to try and get along with me.”

“I thought I heard hell freeze over,” Ingrid joked.

“But if you want the wedding we’ve been planning, that’s fine too,” Jason said. “Because you’re never going to get the chance to do this again, you know.”

“You’re Mr. Hollywood, maybe I should be telling you that,” she said as she playfully poked him in the ribs.

“There could never be another woman for me,” he said. “Why try the rest when I’ve always had the best right here?”

“You always could pick out the obvious,” she said as she turned around and faced him. “Do you remember Reverend Easterling? He loves my greens and fried chicken, I could have him over here in twenty minutes and we could be husband and wife.”

“Are you serious?”

“All I have to do is promise him food for later,” she said.

“What’s the special today at the restaurant?” Jason asked. “As a matter of fact, what does the right reverend like again?”

Ingrid picked up the phone and called the reverend as Jason dashed out the front door.

Jason sped to Soul To The Bone, when he arrived, he rushed into the kitchen. “Felix,” he said breathlessly when he dashed though the door. “I need a favor.”

“What you need?” the cook asked as he looked up from the grill.

“I need Reverend Easterling’s favorite meal, dessert and everything.”

Felix stopped chopping the onions and peppers on the grill and focused on Jason. “What’s going on?”

“Can you keep a secret?” he asked.

“Depends on what it is.”

“Ingrid and I are getting married, tonight,” Jason said in a low voice.

“What? How am I supposed to keep that a secret? The whole town has been waiting for you two to finally get married.”

“We don’t need or want a big production. After what happened with DeShawn, we realize that life is too short and we’ve wasted too much time being apart,” Jason said. “I love her more than anything and I can’t wait to make her my wife, so if we have to bribe the preacher with food, then we will.”

Before Felix could answer, Dina burst into the kitchen. “Felix. . .Jay . . .Is everything all right with DeShawn and Miss Ingrid.”

“They’re trying to get married tonight,” Felix blurted out.

“What? I can’t believe it,” Dina exclaimed the rushed over to Jason and hugged him. “What can I do to help?”

Jason smiled. “We’re trying to do this quickly, but I know she’d love it if you guys could come. We can set up in the backyard and have something nice and intimate. You all have been like family to Ingrid and I appreciate how you welcomed me into the fold.”

“You better not hurt her,” Felix said, with a warning tone in his voice. “I know how to make grits.”

Jason held his hands up. “No need to play the Al Green card,” he said. “How mad would Ingrid be if we shut this place down early?”

“Hey, we got a wedding to plan,” Dina said. “We’re going to get these orders out and these people can go home. I’ll call Yolanda and make sure she gets to Miss Ingrid’s house on time.”

After Jason and Felix finalized the plans for the meal, he headed to Lois’s house. Even though the two hadn’t made everything right between them, he wanted to be the one to take to the wedding.





Christina shook her head as she walked into Ingrid’s kitchen and shook her head when she saw Reverend Easterling sitting at the table sipping on ginger ale. “Hello,” she said sweetly. Then she looked up at her friend. “Can we talk in the living room for a minute?”

“Sure,” Ingrid said then excused herself from the preacher. Once they were out of Reverend Easterling’s ear shot, Christina grabbed her friend by the shoulder. “Are you out of your mind?”

“What?”

“Did you and Jason just wake up and decide that you’re getting married today? What about all the planning you two were doing?”

“None of that matters. When we thought we were going lose DeShawn it made us see that life is too short and nothing is guaranteed.”

“What is your mother going to say?” Christina asked. “Have you told her? I know she doesn’t get along with Jason, but don’t you think she would want to be here and see her only child get married?”

“Jason and I are keeping this simple, you, me, DeShawn and the reverend. We’ll deal with my mother later,” Ingrid said. “Besides, this is about me and what I want and what’s best for my son.”

As if on cue, DeShawn bounded down the stairs dressed in a pair of shorts and a white shirt, “Is it time to get married yet?” he asked.

“Just as soon as Jason gets here,” Ingrid said as she met him at the base of the staircase and hugged him tightly.

“Ingrid, I’m glad to finally see you this happy,” Christina said. “Maybe Terry is right. We should live in the moment.”

“What does that mean?” Ingrid asked.

Before Christina could reply, Dina, Yolanda and Felix walked through the front door. “What are you guys doing here?” Ingrid asked with a shocked expression on her face.

“Now, you know you weren’t going to get married without us,” Yolanda said. “Jay Slade came by the restaurant and we’re going to set up for the wedding in the backyard.”

“Guys,” Ingrid said, nearly overcome with emotion. “I don’t know what to say.”

“Come on, we haven’t seen you this happy in forever and we’re going to share in this day with you,” Felix said. “I got a mess of food in the truck.”

Reverend Easterling cleared his throat from the doorway of the kitchen. “Did I hear someone say food?” he asked as he rubbed his pot belly.

“Yes sir,” Dina said. “We can’t have a party without some Soul To The Bone cooking.”

“Well, do you need some help setting up?” the reverend asked.

Felix nodded and led the preacher out to his truck. Ingrid turned to Dina, Christina and Yolanda. “All right, if you guys watch DeShawn, I’m going to go and get ready.”

She dashed upstairs and jumped in the shower. Ingrid trembled with excitement as the warm water washed over her body. Could this be true? Was she going to finally be married to the only man she’d ever loved? Would they be able to make it work this time? All of the obstacles were out of their way and she was totally secure in their love. Still, it nagged at her that her mother wasn’t going to be there for her. They weren’t very close, but other than DeShawn and Jason, Lois was the only other family she had. Maybe I should call her and let her know what’s going on. Jason did say he was going to make an effort to get along with my mother and she should be here, Ingrid thought as she shut the water off. She grabbed a plush towel and wrapped it around her body then rushed into the bedroom to call her mother. Sitting on the edge of the bed, she picked up the phone and dialed her mother. The phone rang and rang. “Where is she?” Ingrid mumbled when the voicemail picked up.

Moments later, Christina walked into her bedroom. “Getting cold feet?” she asked when she noticed Ingrid hadn’t gotten dressed.

“No, I was trying to reach my mother, but she’s not at home,” Ingrid said as she crossed over to the closet. “In all of this rushing to get married tonight, I hadn’t even thought about what to wear to my wedding.”

Ingrid reached in her closet and pulled out the sundress she wore on her first date with Jason when they’d reconnected. “Well, it’s not white, but DeShawn proves that I’m no virgin,” she said as she held the dress against her skin.

“And that dress looks great on you,” Lois said from the doorway.

“Mom,” Ingrid said. “What are you doing here?”

“Well,” Lois said as she walked into the room. “Your future husband didn’t think you should get married without me. Jason came over and asked me for you hand in marriage, so to speak.”

Ingrid raised her right eyebrow. “And you two didn’t kill each other?”

Christina stifled a giggle. Lois shot her look that quieted her immediately. “Am I going to stand here and say that things are one-hundred percent better between me and Jason, no. But it took a lot for him to reach out to me. I can admit that I could be wrong about him.”

Ingrid smiled at her mother. “This is the best wedding present that I could’ve ever gotten.”

“All right,” Lois said as she clasped her hands together. “Let’s get my daughter ready to get married.”





Jason held his son’s hand as they waited for Ingrid, Lois and Chrissy to come outside. “I’m hungry, what’s taking so long?” the little boy asked. Jason looked over at the buffet that Felix and Dina had just finished setting up. There was fried chicken, sweet corn bread, collard greens, red velvet cake, macaroni and cheese, chocolate cupcakes and a fountain of fruit juice. Had he not been so excited to marry Ingrid, he would’ve been hungry too. But Jason’s stomach was in knots. What if her mother wasn’t as happy as she’d let on when he’d picked her up?

Jason’s mind wandered back to the conversation he and Lois had about two hours ago. When he’d walked up the steps to ring her doorbell, his heart was pounding just as it had been when he picked Ingrid up for their senior prom. Lois had opened the door and when she saw Jason, she immediately had a look of annoyance on her face. “Is everything all right?” she asked not really trying to hide her irritation with seeing Jason there.

“Everything is fine,” he’d replied. “Well, not really. May I come in?”

Lois stepped aside. “I was about to cook dinner, so can you make this quick?”

“I know we said we weren’t going to be best friends, but are you even going to make an effort?” he asked.

“What do you want?”

“Ingrid and I are getting married.”

“And? I already know that. I told you in the hospital that it was going to take time for us to make this family thing work. . .”

“Mrs. Russell, we’re getting married tonight and I think you should be there. I know it’s going to take time for us to make things work, but tonight is going to be one of the biggest events in our lives and we can’t do it without you. I wouldn’t feel comfortable marrying Ingrid if you weren’t standing there giving us your blessing,” he’d said.

“My blessing?” Lois stretched her eyes incredulously. “You want me to be a part of your wedding?”

“It wouldn’t be right if you weren’t. This isn’t about me and how we feel about each other. Ingrid should have her mother and her son standing up there with her.”

Lois’s face had softened and Jason could’ve sworn that he’d seen tears welling up in her eyes. “My goodness,” she’d said after a brief moment of silence. “Jason, I guess I have been wrong about you all this time.”

For a moment, he thought she was going to hug him, but they’d both realized they weren’t there yet. “I’d better go and get dressed,” Lois said. “Do you mind turning my stove off?”

“Sure.”

DeShawn tugged at Jason’s arm, breaking into his thoughts. “Look,” he said as he pointed to the sliding glass door. Jason looked up and saw Ingrid standing at the door. Her hair was parted down the middle and pressed bone straight. She was wearing his favorite dress and she looked like a dream. Jason took a half step forward, but stopped when she walked down the patio steps. He was mesmerized by her, she seemed to glow and her happiness lit up the back yard. Lois and Ingrid held hands and walked toward Jason and Reverend Easterling.

Ingrid turned to her mother and smiled as squeezed her hand. “Are you ready for this?” Lois whispered.

“Yes,” Ingrid replied then kissed her mother on the cheek. “Thank you for being here.”

“I can’t think of any other place I’d want to be right now. Now, he’d better treat you right because if he doesn’t, I will get him,” Lois said.

“Mom,” Ingrid said. “Don’t start.”

“I’m not, I’m just stating a fact. There’s been enough pain in this family,” she said as they reached the make-shift alter where DeShawn, Jason and the reverend were waiting.

“Let me just say this is a special night, a special ceremony and two special people about to enter matrimony,” Reverend Easterling began. “Jason and Ingrid you two have a history and a foundation that marriage will only make stronger. Make sure that you keep your hand in God’s so that your marriage will last and prosper. I’m at a loss for words and I don’t know how you two want to go forward with your vows and everything.”

Jason took Ingrid’s hand in his and kissed it. “I’ll start,” he said. She looked into his eyes and Jason felt as if she could see his soul. “I’ve been all around the world and the only thing that I know for sure is that you’re the only woman I’ve ever loved. You’ve given me a gift that I never knew I wanted and I promise to cherish, honor, love and protect our family for the rest of my life. You are everything that I’ve ever wanted, desired and needed. I’m happy that you’re going to allow me to be your husband.”

Ingrid stroked his cheek and inhaled deeply. “Jason, I have never loved anyone as much as I love you. When I thought our relationship was over, I knew I’d never love anyone as much as I loved you. Then, I had our son and I knew he was the most important thing in my life. Part of me wanted and needed you to be here, but I never thought this day would come. We spent so much time allowing other people to dictate what our relationship should be, all we needed to do was trust in each other and allow our love to shine through. Being your wife will be my life’s joy and raising our son together will be a dream come true and I can’t wait to begin our life together.”

Jason brought Ingrid’s hand to his lips. “I love you,” he mouthed.

“Are there rings?” the reverend asked. Ingrid was about to say no, when Jason reached into his pocket and produced two platinum wedding bands.

“Just a little something I’ve been holding on to,” he said with a smile dancing on his lips.

“All right,” Rev. Easterling said. “Jason, take Ingrid’s left hand in yours.” Jason did as the reverend instructed. “Do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife? Do you promise to forsake all others and devote your life to Ingrid? Do you give your solemn vow to honor, cherish and protect her?”

Jason stared deep into her eyes, which shown with tears of happiness. “I do,” he said without hesitation or a second thought.

The reverend turned to Ingrid and motioned for her to take Jason’s left hand. “Miss Ingrid, you take Jason’s left hand in yours.” She gripped his hand and fought back warm tears. “Do you take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband? Do you give your solemn vow to honor, cherish and protect him? To be his help mate in every way and forsake all others for him?”

Ingrid slipped the wedding band on Jason’s finger and said, “I do.”

“Then, by the power vested in me, I now pronounce you man and wife,” Reverend Easterling said. Before he could tell Jason to kiss the bride, he had Ingrid in his arms, locked in a passionate embrace. DeShawn giggled and Yolanda, Dina, Felix, Christina, Terry and Lois cheered.

“All right,” Reverend Easterling said. “Now, it’s time to eat.”

“Yeah, let’s eat,” DeShawn cried happily. Everyone headed for the buffet table but Jason and Ingrid stood back, holding each other tightly.

“Well, Mrs. Campbell, are you happy?” he asked.

“I’ve never been happier. I love you so much,” she said. “Are you ready for the simple life?”

“I can’t think of anything that I’m more ready for. As long as I got you, I don’t need anything else,” he said then kissed her with a fiery passion that made her swoon.

“Look at those two,” Terry said loudly as he loaded his plate with food. “Not married two seconds and already practicing for the honeymoon.”

Christina nudged him in the ribs. “They’re happy, finally together as they should’ve been a long time ago.”

Terry looked over at Christina. “When two people belong together, they should just go for it, right?”

She nodded. “Most definitely and nothing should stand in their way.”

Terry set his plate on the edge of the table and took Christina’s hands in his. “Then we belong together and I’m not going to let you get away from me.”

Christina shivered. “What are you saying?”

“I’m saying let’s do it, let’s fall in love and get married. I don’t want to wait, I want to make this happen now,” Terry said.

“I-I don’t know what to say,” she stammered. “We haven’t even known each other that long and . . .”

He stroked her cheek. “A wise man told me that when you find a good woman, you have to hold on to her because you may never find another one like her.”

Christina pushed away from him. “This is happening too fast and I’m sure you’re not willing to give up your career to move to Elmore. We can’t do this. You’re just caught up in the moment of Jason and Ingrid’s wedding. Let’s be real, we can’t just up and get married.” Before Terry could say another word, Christina pushed past him and ran into the house.

Ingrid and Jason looked from Terry to the door. “What in the world?” Ingrid asked.

“You’d better go after her,” Jason urged his friend. Ingrid looked up at Jason.

“Did he just ask her to marry him?” Ingrid asked incredulously. “They’ve only known each other for five minutes.”

“Sometimes that’s all you need to fall in love,” Jason said.

Ingrid kissed her husband’s cheek. “So, you’re a match maker now?”

“No, but everyone should be as happy as we are right now,” he said.

DeShawn rushed over to his parents. “Can we have cake now?” the little boy asked as he wedged himself between Ingrid and Jason.

“Yes, son,” Ingrid said. “We’re going to have cake and anything else we want today.”

“Because today is the first day of the best of our lives,” Jason said as they headed for the table.





