Sultry In Stilettos





The In Stilettos Series

Book Two





by





Nana Malone

Copyright 2012 Nana Malone





Smashwords Edition





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.



Sultry in Stilettos



COPYRIGHT © 2012 by Nana Malone



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.



Cover Art by Kimberly Killion

Edited by Val Hatfield of Finish the Story



Published in the United States of America





Smashwords Edition, License Notes





This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Dedication





To my husband, thank you for seeing me.





To my daughter, thank you for surprising me.





To Marcie, just thank you.





Table of Contents





Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty-One

Chapter Twenty-Two

Chapter Twenty-Three

Chapter Twenty-Four

Chapter Twenty-Five

Chapter Twenty-Six

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Other Books By Nana Malone

About the Author





Chapter One


“I want to see other people. Starting right now.”

Ricca Munroe’s heart stuttered, and her whole world stood still. She blinked up at her boyfriend Charles Garber, trying to comprehend the words that came out of his mouth. But her brain only caught snippets. The phrases she did catch hit her like blows. “Too clingy…” Slap. “Too focused on marriage...” Slap. “…not enough fun…” Punch. “…Don’t care enough about your appearance…” Knockout. Apparently this asshole was related to Roberto Durant.

He was dumping her? In the middle of the Westhorpe Gala? Hell.

Right now, one of her best planned fantasies was happening, and not only was she missing it, she was getting dumped. By a guy she’d planned to break up with? While she was wearing Spanxx no less. The universe had a messed up sense of humor.

Her best friend Jaya was getting the proposal of a lifetime, and Ricca was here on the balcony listening to this asshole. When Jaya’s hope-to-be-fiancé had approached Ricca to plan the proposal, she’d worked hard to make it happen. At least something good would come out of this night.

She glowered at Charles. When he’d picked her up tonight she’d thought he looked dapper with his gray tuxedo complementing his smooth, café-au-lait skin. Now, he just looked like a slimy slug who’d ignored the black-tie attire suggestion. “Funny how you couldn’t do this back at my place before we came out tonight.” Fury and confusion made for a fiery cocktail in her stomach.

He had the nerve to look bored. “I’m not an asshole. I wasn’t going to let you walk in all alone. But we’re done. I’m going to go mingle.”

“Let me get this straight, you’re doing me a favor? Funny how this favor couldn’t wait until the end of the night.” She narrowed her eyes. “You met someone, didn’t you?”

His voice was smooth—velvety—slick. “I just need to be with someone a little more driven. You know, going places.”

“And you think because I’m nurturing, I’m not driven.”

“Let’s face it. You’re the type of woman who wants to be married with kids. And that’s fine. I just don’t want that now.”

Her hands shook as she spoke. “Get the hell out of my sight.” If he didn’t leave her field of vision, she was likely to slap him in the face with her Spanxx.

He shrugged and walked away. Even more horrifying than all of this was the fact that the sniveling asshole had dumped her before she could break up with him. She'd known for weeks that she had to do it. But the holidays weren’t ideal. And not because, as her friend Micha suggested, that she would eschew all the good gifts if she did it earlier, but rather because neither one of them was in town. Dumping someone over the phone, or worse by text message, was so the new Post-it breakup, circa Sex and The City.

Why the hell was she always making bad man choices? Guys that she thought were solid and nice and seemed to care about her. Then shit like this happened. They were either deadbeats like Royce, who’d asked her to buy him a car. They only cared about sex, like Alan. They wanted an in with her friends, like Antoine. Or worse—cheat on her like that asshole, Braedon. She was off men—for good.

Okay so maybe not for good, but at least for a really long time. Her problem was that she was always chasing the possibility of love. She’d never actually been in love, but she understood the difference. It wasn’t that she hadn’t met the one, but rather that he was actively hiding from her.

Move, she told herself. Move. Get somewhere safe, then you can cry and throw things. But her feet refused to budge. She couldn't move her arms, like she was frozen alive. Like her limbs didn't connect to her brain, and there was nowhere to hide.

The crisp clicks of staggering stilettos off the polished concrete floor filtered through Ricca’s numbness as did the cocktail chatter. At least she was on the exterior balcony where no one could see her face. Above her, only a few clouds marred the clear night. Since they were so close to downtown she couldn’t see too many stars, but the few she did twinkled cheerily, oblivious to her woes. Strong heat lamps bracketed against the side of the building were the only thing that kept the crisp air from slicing through her.

She had to get out of here before anyone saw her. If she ran into Jaya, her friend would insist on trying to help. And God help them all if she ran into Micha. She would slaughter Charles publically, CSI and prison be damned.

A tear escaped from her lashes. Shit. Nausea rolled through her belly, and she wanted to hurl. But there she was, rooted in place. With no one coming to her aid.

Shit, she had to move before everyone witnessed her crumble into sloppy reality TV star kind of tears. Bracing her hand on the steel railing of the balcony, she wrapped an arm around her waist. The borrowed Balenciaga corset dress was a bad call. Not only had she had to put a cropped blazer jacket over it to cover the girls, but now the damn thing was cutting off her circulation. Or maybe that was the Spanxx. She dragged in several deep breaths in a futile attempt to calm her nerves. How the hell did someone escape a crowded party with their boobs hanging out, teetering on four-inch stilts while being asphyxiated? The hint of Hugo by Hugo Boss cologne alerted her that she wasn’t alone on the balcony. The scent was as familiar to her as her Marc Jacobs Oh Lola! perfume. As her heart kicked, her breathing grew shallow, and her palms started to sweat.

“Help. I need a rescue. Stage one Annie Wilkes clinger on my tail.”

Ricca gasped with surprise as Beckett Mills practically skidded into her. Given his broad-shouldered, six foot five-inch frame, she would have been road kill if he’d actually run over her. But what a way to go. With his curly blond hair and piercing blue eyes, not to mention his swimmer’s body, she’d have been the envy of every woman here.

Quickly she wiped her cheeks with her drink napkin and plastered a smile on her face. She could do this. A little small talk and she could escape. Nerves of steel, Ricca. The last thing she needed was Beckett’s pity. Ricca was used to playing buffer between him and overzealous women. After all, what good were wing-women if not as buffers? This was familiar territory. She’d explore her feelings about Charles dumping her later. Just as soon as she burned her Spanxx.

“Sorry, B, you’re no Paul Sheldon. Besides, I told you not to bring a colossal clinger as your date. When I met her last week, I told you this one wanted to have your babies like tomorrow. But you never listen to me.”

Beckett’s aqua blue eyes narrowed, and he frowned as he scrutinized her. The frown hardened his too-handsome features and made him look dangerous. “What’s wrong?”

“Nothing,” she answered automatically. Best friend or not, she didn’t want to talk about this. Not now. Not with him.

He sighed and adjusted his bow tie, sticking a finger between the tight knot and his Adam’s apple. “You might as well tell me. I’ll keep harassing you until you do, and that would be a waste of your holy-shit-you’re-actually-showing-skin party dress. Just tell me.”

Ricca squared her shoulders. “You’re very irritating, you know that?” Ever since she’d known him, he had a way of making her forget her inherent shyness and just be her. Probably because he was persistently annoying. “Charles dumped me, okay? Can we stop talking about this now?”

“When the hell did he dump you? I saw you come in with that sniveling moron. I mean, why would you come with him to the party if—” He snapped his jaw shut, and his shoulders slumped. “Shit. When I just saw him walking away…”

“Was me telling him to go screw him—”

She didn’t get to finish as she instantly came in contact with Beckett’s chest. His arms enveloped her, and he squeezed. “He’s an asshole. If you want, I’ll grab Micha, and we’ll go disappear Charles’ ass.”

For one overindulgent second, Ricca let herself sink into Beckett’s embrace. She inhaled his unique scent of ocean and Hugo cologne. She allowed herself just one second of flutter in her lower belly and a galloping heart. Then she very deliberately stepped away.

“Thanks, but I’m good. Now do you want to explain to me how you ended up with yet another clinger?”

His lips quirked into a parody of a smile, but his brow remained furrowed. “Well, I wouldn’t have had to show up with a sub-par date if you had come with me.”

Ricca schooled her expression, even though she winced inwardly. She’d been deflecting Beckett’s shameless flirting for years. But tonight it smarted. “Well, to be fair, I had a boyfriend when you came running to me needing a last minute date.” Sniveling asshole EX-boyfriend.

He rolled his eyes. “Whatever. Where is the asswipe, anyway? I’m going to see if I can get him tossed out.”

“Don’t bother. He’ll just cause a scene. God, I can’t believe I wore Spanxx for this guy.”

“What the hell are Spanxx? And can I see them?” He waggled his eyebrows.

She rolled her eyes. Ignore and deflect. “You don’t want to know. And no, you may not. Besides, I know you like your women modelesque. My Spanxx would scare you.” For years she’d tried telling Beckett he might have more luck with a longstanding relationship if he just picked someone a little less Starving-Barbie and a little more normal. Like me.

With practiced ease, she smothered the errant thought. Her college crush on Beckett always picked the most inappropriate times to rear its head. Beside, Beckett Mills was not the marrying kind. Nor, with her petite curvy figure, was she in any way his type.

He inclined his head and grinned. “Nothing wrong with hot women. I can’t help it if they want to date me.”

“So modest. But maybe just once you could date someone who looks like she actually eats. What’s her name tonight could do with a pork chop or some of my mother’s callaloo.” Growing up, the Trinidadian dish, with its spices and hint of sweetness from coconut milk, was one of her favorites. It also was probably the reason for half her curves.

He nodded. “Yeah, hot.” He licked his lips. “And don’t make me hungry. I love your mom’s cooking.”

“You’re incorrigible. You deserve what you get.” Good old Beckett, predictable in his flirting. Normally, she indulged herself and enjoyed the attention. One of life’s little indulgences and, save one night in college, she knew better than to take his flirting as anything more. But tonight she wasn’t in the mood. All she wanted to do right now was go home and crawl into bed. With Beckett. No. Not with Beckett. Even she wasn’t that self-destructive.

One of the many photographers rolled around and snapped a shot of them together, which they dutifully smiled for. The poor guy had a tough time trying to get the two of them in the same frame. At her even five feet, she was more than a foot shorter than Beckett.

Beckett stared gloomily into his empty champagne glass. “So, are you going to let Jaya put you in one of those hideous bridesmaids’ gowns? If you want, I can recommend those ones from the mermaid fantasy we did last year.”

She grimaced. “Don’t you dare. The color alone is enough to make me vomit.” Of course he would remember that fantasy. They’d both worked at Fantasy, Inc. as event planners for three years. Leave it to Beckett to remember her least favorite fantasy.

“You wouldn’t have known it from the way you encouraged that woman. You were so sweet. I couldn’t believe you were able to pull that one off. The bride was a nightmare.”

“Well, that’s my job.” She tipped her head up and narrowed her gaze. “You going to survive Jaya’s wedding? I know you and Alec aren’t the best of friends.”

Beckett shrugged. “I don’t have any problem with the guy. And he seems to make Jaya happy, though I could do without the two of them pawing each other every chance they get. It’s not too likely that we’ll be chummy. Besides, my little ducklings have to grow up sometime.” He reached over to tug one of the tendrils that escaped her side bun.

Ricca gasped and ducked out of the way. “Do you have any idea how long it took me to get my hair to do this?” The side-swept messy bun had just the right amount of control and fun to it. Her hair was hard enough to control she didn’t need Beckett adding to the mess. “If I were you, I wouldn’t let Micha hear you call her a little duckling. I don’t want to think about what she might do or say to you.”

“I’m not afraid of Micha.” But still he looked around to make sure she wasn’t standing nearby.

From behind them, someone said, “How about a kiss?”

Both of them whirled and gaped at the unassuming photographer. Ricca’s heart skipped into a trot at the suggestion. Even as she drew in a shuddering breath, she clamped the flare of desire quick. No. Not ever going to happen. That would be all kinds of fuckeduptitude. She opened her mouth for some pat awkward response, but Beckett beat her to it.

“Yeah, no. I don’t think so. We’re not a couple.”

The photographer held up the camera. “It’s for the charity kiss auction. Winners of best kiss will get twenty thousand dollars donated to their favorite charity. Are you sure you can’t muster up a kiss?”

Ricca could practically hear Beckett’s teeth grinding. He needed the money. He’d been dying to rehab an old gymnasium downtown for years. Besides women, it was all he ever talked about. Twenty thousand dollars would go miles toward rehabbing it into a practice pool for underprivileged kids.

Never mind that she’d only fantasized about him kissing her for a million years. But this would not be that kind of kiss, she admonished herself. It’s for charity, her inner diva whined. But one kiss from him and she’d be in a mess of trouble. He was too much like his brother Braedon.

****

Becket’s heart thudded, and in that breath, he leaped at the idea. Not just because of the charity earnings. He might tease Ricca, but flirting with her was about as close as he’d ever let himself get. She was the one relationship he couldn’t fuck up—wouldn’t fuck up. She was right. It would ruin everything if he kissed her. But God, of the most secret wishes, it was the one he kept closeted under lock and key and under a wardrobe trunk.

Still, twenty grand, and he could have that pool open by the end of the year if he busted ass. He already had a few architects he wanted to take a look at the place. All he needed was the start up cash—and to risk his most important friendship for a dream. Maybe it would be fine. Maybe.

All he had to do was kiss her. Something quick and brief enough to put a holster on any errant fantasy that might crawl its way to the surface, but with enough dramatic flair to win. Geez. He cleared his throat. Maybe if he made a joke of it, it would be okay. “Relax, Ricca. I promise you, I’m very good.” He waggled his eyebrows for effect. Keep it nice and light.

She wrinkled her brows as she looked between him and the photographer. “You’re kidding me, right? Beckett, this is insane.”

“This is for charity. And I know just the charity. Help some underprivileged kids get a pool. It’s for the kids, Ricca. I can’t help it if you want my body.” He could only wish.

She scoffed. “You’re an idiot.”

“That may be true, but your man has a point. The charity kiss auction has been a Westhorpe Gala tradition for thirty years.” Adele Westhorpe, the hostess and billionaire hotel magnate, interjected as she strolled up to them, looking regal in her shimmer and diamonds. “Besides,” she added, “You’re standing under the mistletoe. You almost have to kiss at this point.”

Beckett looked up, and his heart kicked again. When he glanced back at the old lady, he would have sworn there was a knowing look in her eye, but it was gone just as soon as he noticed it, replaced by an impassive stare. He cleared his throat. “It’s not me you have to convince.” He inclined his head at Ricca. “I’m afraid she thinks I’m beneath her.”

Ricca slapped him on the arm. “Would you stop?” She huffed a breath. “Fine. But if you’re going to kiss me, make it good for the camera. Some kids need a pool, or so someone tells me.”

Beckett watched as Ricca licked her full lips. His body jerked and went rigid. Shit. Breathe. His fingertips tingled with the urge to touch her. In so many ways this was a huge mistake. In so many ways this could ruin everything.

Too bad he didn’t care.

Ricca looked from side to side. “Okay, let’s do this.”

He looked over at Adele Westhorpe, who wore a beatific smile. Fine. He could do this. Stepping into Ricca, he inhaled her scent. Something lemony and sweet. As familiar to him as his own cologne.

She tipped her head up and gave him a wry smile. “Why do you look terrified?”

He hadn’t had to think through the mechanics of a kiss so much since he was sixteen. Beckett wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her into his body. She leaned back, and wide, honey-brown eyes stared up at him. He swallowed hard as he walked himself through the technical mechanics. Lean over. Hold her tight. Angle your head. Place lips on hers.

The instant electric sparks made his brain fuzz. All he heard was the blood rushing through his head. Immediately, they pulled their lips apart and just stared. Under his fingertips, he felt her racing pulse, and his eyes widened. She’d felt it too?

She puffed out a tiny breath, and he smelled champagne and mint mixed with her lemony scent. He couldn’t have predicted what would happen next. When her lips parted, cohesive thought didn’t even factor. He slid his lips against hers again. Her breath mingled with his and his tongue sought hers. When she tentatively met his tongue with hers, he devoured her. Clamping a hand behind her neck, he held her in place. His hands shifted from her waist to her ass. He held her against him and groaned when her hands tentatively went to his face. The soft, generous curves of her breasts pressed into his chest.

She made a soft mewling sound, and he immediately deepened the kiss as a low growl rumbled deep in his chest. His libido roared to attention, and his erection throbbed against his tuxedo pants. In this moment, it was him and Ricca, alone and both willing and ready to do something carnal and dirty and—No, they weren’t alone. And he wasn’t kissing some random chick he’d picked up in a bar. He was kissing Ricca.

His brain gave the command to remove his hand from her ass, but his body rebelled against the instruction. Ricca didn’t help matters when her hands shifted from his face and fisted into the hair at the nape of his neck. An errant thought intruded into his lust-filled haze. Is she pulling you in, or is she pulling you away? Shit.

He straightened and pulled her upright, separating them. He took a deliberate step away and met her gaze. Her lips, plump and juicy, parted just a little. Her dark eyes were heavy lidded, and her pupils dilated. His body screamed to go back for more.

Ricca blinked, opened her mouth to speak, then shut it again. Beckett racked his brain but didn’t have the words for what they’d just done. After all there wasn’t a Hallmark for this kind of thing. Sorry I just kissed you like you were some bar girl I picked up in Pacific Beach.

“Well, if that doesn’t win best kiss, I’m dying to witness what does.” Adele Westhorpe looked pleased with herself.

Beckett’s fingers twitched, and he still felt the tingles in his feet. There it was, the inevitable urge to flee. Far and fast, away from anything important and serious. But he couldn’t just walk away from her. “Ricca, I—”

She quickly averted her eyes. “I—um. I’m just going to go. I’ll see you later.”

Beckett watched as she nearly ran in the opposite direction.

“Are you just going to let her walk away?” asked Adele.

“I don’t really have a choice.”





Chapter Two



I never should have kissed him.

As Ricca iced her last cupcake, she anxiously checked her phone again. No texts. Exactly one week, two days, and nine hours since she’d gotten the kiss of her lifetime from Beckett, and not once since then had he texted or called. You haven’t called him either. Ricca glowered at her inner Diva.

It’s not like she’d been the one to jump him. It was supposed to be a silly kiss. Then somewhere along the way, it had changed into something hot enough to melt her panties. Icing oozed over her fingers as the memory of Beckett’s hand on her ass, cupping her against his body intruded.

“Oh shit.” She grabbed a checkered kitchen towel and quickly wiped up the icing from her large, butcher-block island. Reaching down, she snapped open the cupboard under the island and searched for the perfect container. She needed one large enough but not too expensive, in case her container walked away like her last two had. She grabbed the one she was looking for and placed the cupcakes into the dish. She had enough for the morning meeting staff and a few left over for the assistants.

Hell, she didn’t even like the birthday girl very much. But she was the cake girl—the one who baked something for everyone’s birthday on the mid to senior staff. Who was she kidding? She pretty much made cupcakes or desserts for everyone she had any direct contact with. The way she figured it, it paid to be nice to the staff. When she was in a jam with a client, she could usually call in a few favors. And things could get hairy this week. As it was, she already had an anxious mother-to-be breathing down her neck for the perfect baby shower, complete with baby elephants and a bratty teenager who wanted to get One Direction for her party. Apparently, Ricca was a miracle worker instead of a fantasy event planner. Just once, she’d kill for the opportunity at one of the master fantasies. Master fantasies were where the challenges were. Out of the box thinking. Too bad she’d been asking for one for over a year, but no dice.

Again she checked her phone, and again she cursed. If Beckett hadn’t texted or called by now, he wasn’t going to. They’d both been with family for the Christmas holiday and busy, so it was understandable that he hadn’t called. It was just so far out of their routine that it worried her.

Suck it up, kid. She would get to see him today, so she’d just have to deal till then. Pull your big girl thong on and act cool and breezy. It was just a kiss, not the end of the world. They’d both laugh about it and go back to being Ricca and Beckett.

Satisfied with her mini pep talk, she grabbed her stuff and headed out.

Once she arrived at work, she laid out the cupcake spread with a card and balloons—thanks to Karen, her intern—and tried not to bite her nails. As everyone filed in, Ricca received cheery good mornings and grateful sighs as folks started picking up their treats.

The birthday girl, Emily, strolled in with her sidekicks, a.k.a, the Bitch Brigade, and Ricca plastered a smile on her face. Fake it till you make it. “Happy Birthday, Emily.”

Emily’s eyes lit up as she eyed the red velvet cupcakes. Then Angel, the Bitch Brigade’s leader nudged her, and she mumbled, “Thanks, Ricca, but I’ve given up sugar.”

Ricca blinked once then twice. She’d woken up at five AM to make these for someone who didn’t even like sugar? Schooling her expression, she muttered, “I wish I’d known. I’d have brought you something else. I’ll um, just give it to Reception or something.”

“Oh, c’mon, Ricca, it’s obvious you like cupcakes. You should just have Emily’s. It’s not like you're watching your weight or anything. After all, you did all the hard work.” Angel smiled sweetly.

Ricca clasped her hands tightly in her lap as she clenched her jaw. If you kill her, Micha and Jaya aren’t here to help you move the body. Breathe. She sucked in a breath and let it out slowly. God, she hated Angel. Why the skinny blonde was so cruel was beyond her. Maybe in another life, Ricca had stolen her boyfriend or something. One of these days it would come to a head with the two of them, and Ricca would blow.

Luckily someone muttered, “God, I love birthdays. Ricca, you should open your own dessert place.”

Distracted from her anger, Ricca mumbled a thanks and kept her eyes peeled on the door. No Beckett. Maybe he wasn’t coming back today after all. Despite what the company calendar said.

As always, Serena Witt, President of Fantasy Inc., started the meeting on time. As Ricca’s boss droned on about last quarter’s profits, Ricca tried to keep her attention on the job and not on Beckett. She certainly wouldn’t think about the kiss. When the stupid photographer at the stupid Westhorpe, Year End Gala had suggested a stupid smooch under the mistletoe for the charity auction, she should have said, “No way.” “Nein.” “No thank you.” “Never in a million years.” Shit, he should have been the first one saying, “Hell no!” But ever the consummate flirt, Beckett had kidded her into compliance.

Shit. Who the hell was she kidding? His mouth should have come with a warning label. Warning: Side effects include scorched lips, flushed skin, an inability to stop picturing your best friend naked, along with sleepless nights. Please see your battery operated boyfriend if any of these symptoms occur. She had to stop thinking about him, the kiss, all of it. It was bad for her health—and her libido. Talk about torture.

She licked her lips in an effort to remember the taste of him. Without much effort, she recalled the mint and scotch on his tongue, and she shivered.

No. She couldn’t do this to herself. She shook her head, tried to shove the memory aside. But this flashback was more resilient than the others she’d managed to shut down. Her memory kept spinning the movie reel of their kiss, and she immediately remembered how his lips molded to hers. How he’d dragged her body to his and practically lifted her off the ground like he’d wanted to eat her alive. For that moment in time, she’d wanted to pretend it all could be real. But it wasn’t.

When the flashbacks of hot and heavy wouldn’t subside, she forced her gaze over to the Bitch Brigade. Yep, that did it—Angel’s scathing glare put a chill on any embers in Ricca’s body. Suppressing a shudder, she turned her gaze toward Serena and tried to pull herself back to the meeting. Focusing on Beckett when she was supposed to be listening to her boss was self-destructive.

Somewhere in the distance, she heard Serena say, “The leads for our next Master Fantasy will be Angel Flannigan and Beckett Mills, if he ever shows up.”

Say, what the fuck? Angel was getting this client?

Ricca sat bolt upright and sputtered around her sip of latte. She darted a glance around the conference room, hoping no one had noticed she’d been daydreaming. As it was, she’d only heard snippets of what Serena had been saying. Something along the lines of “New Fantasy client…out of the box thinking…important to the agency…very wealthy and high end…fun…” Ricca had been angling to be lead on a Master Fantasy for over a year. Master Fantasies were the big-ticket clients, who were willing to spend fifty thousand or more. It looked great on the resume, and it was a chance to really spread her wings so she could finally stop doing sweet sixteen parties.

Ricca blinked, stupefied. This was supposed to be her fantasy. Angel didn’t even have any planning experience. She was on the fantasy acting side. She played the part for guys who wanted a fantasy Vegas weekend. She was the arm candy travel partner for old rich guys who were socially awkward. She was a junior planner—how the hell had she gotten this gig?

Ricca gnashed her teeth together. Busting out with “That heifer can’t plan her way around Neiman’s” would not help her get the job. Her only option was to speak to Serena after the meeting. Bratty antics would get her nowhere.

Serena went on as if she hadn’t just dropped a bomb. “Angel, you get to select your team, but Ricca will work with you. She has the experience you’ll need for the romance fantasies.”

Screw professionalism, Ricca itched to throw her cupcake at her boss.

“I expect you two to knock this one out of the water, or whatever the saying is.” Serena’s eastern European accent was so minimal it was barely noticeable most of the time, until she said something she was unsure of.

Ricca rolled her lips inward to moisten them. She glanced around the room, only letting her eyes rest on Angel for a split second before moving on. “I’m not sure I’m right for this fantasy. Angel should be able to pick her team, it’s only fair.” Read, no way you can take my Master Fantasy, give it to that self-serving bi—erm, ex-model, and expect me to play ball. She prayed Serena would buy that and not give her a public flogging.

“What’s the matter, Ricca, you afraid I’ll outshine you?” Angel’s voce was smooth with just a hint of sarcasm.

Serena was quick to cut off their jibes. “That’s enough, you two. These clients are not only important to the business, but they are personal friends of Zachery’s and mine. I expect these fantasies to be flawless.”

And just like that, Ricca was working for the enemy.

****

Shit. Late again. Beckett grabbed his gym bag and hustled to work. Even though he'd be making it by the skin of his teeth, he still went the long route so he could check on the renovation progress of the dilapidated building he’d bought with his brother, Braedon. There, on the corner of 13th and J street, was the old gym, Swim on J. Years ago it had been a boxing gym. Back when downtown San Diego had been a red light district, some great boxers had come here to train. But the building had stood empty for almost twelve years. Everything on the inside and the outside of the exposed brick was getting a face-lift. Just like he’d planned.

He and his brother Braedon had taken on the job with their mother. As a former swim coach, she’d been passionate about giving at-risk kids an outlet through sports and competition. She’d gone over every plan and blueprint for the place. But then she’d died. He and Braedon had taken over the job, but for two years they’d struggled to really do it justice. To cut costs, they’d opted to do much of the work themselves. When she’d died, she’d left money in a trust for both of them to continue, but with a few legal snafus, Beckett’s half of the trust was tied up with his father. It didn’t matter though. Come hell or high-water, they were getting this building done. He’d promised her.

Hustling through the building, Beckett did a mental scan, making note of any subtle changes. He wanted to make sure no homeless people had moved in and could claim squatter’s rights. Braedon had clearly been here over the holiday—the lockers in the men’s locker room were halfway mounted.

Beckett couldn't help the giddy excitement about the building. Ever since his mother had told him and his brother about her plans for it, he'd been dying to get started.

But then she'd passed away, and instead of building the project together, he and Braedon were on their own. But Beckett had made her a promise to build this place and he’d see it through no matter what it took.

He hustled down Island St. and made his way to the Fifth Avenue building where Fantasies, Inc. resided. As he rounded the corner, he did a run-by on the local coffee stand and smiled as he saw the barista finishing up his usual order. One latté, extra whipped cream, and one black coffee.

“Thanks, Helen." He flashed her a smile.

She grinned at him good-naturedly. "One of these days, you're going to buy me coffee, you hear?"

"Anytime. Just as soon as you leave your husband." He grinned and headed into Fantasies' building. The twelve-story building had once been a historical San Diego hotel. The developer who bought it had renovated it to make it more hospitable for businesses and added modern touches like the uber-modern lobby, but the outside exterior had that old time Spanish architecture and feel. Some of the offices were structured like hotel rooms and were connected by interior doors.

And for Beckett, if it wasn’t the waves, it was the indoor pool constantly distracting him. He'd long since hung up the mantle of Olympic hopeful, but a small part of his subconscious mind held on to the dream. It didn’t matter that he was almost thirty. He still trained as if the opportunity might present.

He didn’t bother with the elevator. Instead, he took the stairs two at a time and headed straight to the conference room. Zach's wife and business partner, Serena Witt, wouldn’t appreciate his tardiness, but then again, she never did. But she started the meetings at 9:15am on the dot to accommodate for her husband. Serena would have preferred to have the meeting at 9. Her eastern European sensibilities caused her to frown every time she saw Beckett squeak in just in time for the meeting. Today, he checked his watch as he eased down into the only available seat and handed the black coffee to his left. Nine thirty. Really late.

He didn’t dare slide a glance in Ricca’s direction. If he acted normally, things would just fall in line, right? A week was the longest they’d gone without talking. Or texting. He had to fix the awkwardness before it ruined their friendship.

“Nice of you to join us, Beckett.” Serena rolled her eyes.

He smirked. “Sorry.”

I never should have kissed her.

Beckett willed his eyes not to look in Ricca’s direction. Begged them even. But they were in no mood to cooperate. The moment he caught sight of her shifting in her seat and the way her thick wavy hair strained against the bobby-pinned bun she always wore, he squeezed his eyes shut to clear the imagery. Bad idea. Immediately, his brain transported him to that moment under the mistletoe when he’d gone back for that second kiss. He’d made that one choice unconsciously, grabbing her ass and hauling her against him, devouring her lips like a starving man.

Beckett blinked hard. So not going to go there.

Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Why had he kissed her? Because you wanted to. No. He did not want to. She was one of his best friends, and she was off limits—regardless of his stupidity at the Gala. He should never have listened to the old lady. But who in their right mind told Adele Westhorpe no?

What the hell did you say to your best friend when you were having all kinds of inappropriate thoughts about her? He so needed Hallmark to start making cards for just this occasion. He kept hoping that maybe he’d be lucky and Ricca would have forgotten the whole thing by now.

But given she hadn’t called or texted, and she was sitting as rigidly as stone next to him, that wasn’t likely to happen.

“Beckett, you missed the big announcement. You’ll be adventure lead on a Master Fantasy coming up.”

He blinked in surprise and instinctively turned to Ricca. “I guess we’ll be working together.”

The moment their eyes locked, he felt the rush of prickly heat all over his body. Memories of her soft lips under his flashed in his mind. The way her curves had molded to his hands, and the way her petite frame had molded to his body. He was glad he had his notebook covering the front of his pants.

As for her response, it was unreadable. Her eyes went wide for a moment, then she turned back around so quickly that the wisps of hair escaping her bun flew out like a fan.

Fantastic. One kiss had cost him his best friend.

Serena cleared her throat. “Not quite. You’ll be working with Angel as the romance lead.”

He frowned. Angel? She had no experience.

Angel grinned at him, and his body jerked. He should never have slept with her. Worst move he’d ever made. Funny, you were happy enough to sleep with her two weeks ago. It had been just after a street racing adventure, and they’d still been high off of the adrenaline. She was beautiful, but cold and seriously bitchy. He never should have gone there. Too late now. But still, how the hell had Angel gotten this job over Ricca?

“Okay.” He tried for a smile, but all he really managed to do was show some teeth. One hell of a mistake to sleep with her. He slung his gaze back to Serena, who was still talking.

“As you may have heard, we’re restructuring the company—so that Zach and I don’t have to be so involved. As a result, we’re opening up a Vice President of Major Accounts position. The position is open to all fantasy planners. Based on your performance on this mission and the last six months, one of you will be slotted into the Vice President role.”

Beckett held his breath. VP based on performance. The only person who was his real competition was Ricca. Yeah, but she’s just been benched. If he didn’t royally fuck this up, the job was his.

At the same time, guilt pinched him. Could he really take this job from her? Hell yes. This kind of job would mean the funds he needed to complete the ramshackle, old gym. He slid Ricca another glance. He was willing to do what it took to get this job.





Chapter Three


“Ricca, I know it’s not what you expected, but for now you’ll have to live with the arrangement.”

Ricca shook her head at Serena, exasperated. “I don’t understand. Last time we spoke, you said I’d be next in line to do a Master fantasy. That was right before the holiday. Now, Angel is running it. I don’t understand. If you had a change of heart, I’d like to understand why.”

Ricca took a deep breath. There—she’d said what she had to say. Sort of. She wanted to tell Serena what a crazy bitch Angel was, but that wouldn’t be exactly professional. Ricca had been working her ass off for an opportunity to shine like this.

Serena pursed her lips. “It’s not your time. You’ll just have to wait.”

“Serena, you know I can be patient. But if there’s a VP position, I want a fair shot at it. I’m concerned I won’t get that now.”

Her boss folded her delicate arms across her Herve Leger-clad chest. “Ricca, honestly. You’ve played it too safe. Your romance fantasies are beautiful and inventive, but you never really step out of your box. That’s not what I want from one of my VPs. You have to be willing to have something go terribly wrong. I need to see more of that from you.”

Well hell. “I take risks.” Okay, not really, but like hell she was telling Serena that.

“Oh really? What was the last risk you took?”

Kissing Beckett. But she couldn’t use that one. “I—um.”

“Look. Do your job. Try and keep Angel from screwing this fantasy up. Your time will come.”

Talk about uninspiring. How the hell was she supposed to take risks? Her job was to make the client happy. That’s one thing she did well. She might not be daring, but she got it done. She certainly didn’t take any risks with her personal life, but hey, risk wasn’t exactly her middle name.

Maybe Serena was right. But if she could find a way to do some risk taking, maybe she still had a shot at the job. Just one problem—evil incarnate in towering Christian Louboutins. How the hell was she going to work with Angel? Since starting at Fantasies a year and a half ago, Angel had made it a point to be extra cruel to her. At first, Ricca had thought she was just tough and ambitious. But then she’d realized Angel was just plain mean.

As Ricca made her way to her office, she went the long way around the kitchen, to bypass Beckett’s office. No dealing with that bomb just yet. She took the last ten yards on tip toe, to avoid making any noise and alerting him to her return.

Breathing a huge sigh of relief, she slipped off her shoes. Might as well make herself comfortable—she had mountains of work to do. As soon as all the holiday and New Year’s Eve proposals were done, she had to gear right back up for the Valentine’s Day fantasies. As it was, she had two weddings, a sweet sixteen, and four proposals on her plate.

“You know, it’s not nice to avoid people. Especially when they buy you coffee.”

Ricca halted in her doorway as Beckett swiveled around in her chair. Damn. “What are you doing in my office?” Her shoulders sagged. She entered slowly, unsure of where to look.

“You can’t avoid me forever.”

She sighed and dropped her notebook on her desk, plopping into the chair across from him. “I’m not avoiding you exactly. I’m just delaying speaking to you for a while. Totally different.”

“Semantics.”

The timber of his voice rolled over her, making all her lady parts tingle—pathetic. That was the only word to describe her. Totally pathetic. It took her several seconds to process what he'd said.

“Your point?” She cocked her head. She could do this. Pull off breezy and unaffected. Never mind what was happening to her lady parts.

He stood and walked to her window that showed off a spectacular view of the Embarcadero and Seaport Village. "Um." He shoved his hands in his pockets as he rocked back on his heels. "About the other night. I'm sorry. I was out of line."

Out of line. More like holyfuckingshitballs-mind-blowingly-stupid. But, in a pinch, out of line fit. “Look, Beckett, let’s not do this, okay? It’s fine.”

"I honestly don’t know what came over me. We were there, we were joking. And next thing I knew, I’m—we’re—well, you remember. I’m sorry, Ree. I never meant to go there with you—like that I mean. Like you’re—” He paused and huffed out a breath. “You’re not some sleazy girl I picked up from the club."

Oh hell. She wasn’t sure which was worse. The awkwardness or having to listen to him apologize for giving her a kiss that was so good he should be teaching lessons.

She gave him a brisk nod and muttered, "Fine," as she blinked up at him and jutted her chin out. Crumbling in front of him wasn’t an option. She leveled him with a gaze.

He put a hand over his chest. "I'll be on my best behavior from now on. I promise. We good?"

And what if she didn’t want him to be on his best behavior? Stupid question. Never going to happen. "Yeah, we’re good."

He flashed those pearly whites, and her lady parts did another dance. Down girls. No more thoughts about Beckett. No more obsessing.

He exhaled. “Awesome. Want to grab something to eat before we get stuck in that two hour debrief?”

“I can’t, actually. I need to do some catch up.”

He made to leave, then paused in the doorway. He turned and watched her for a moment. The scrutiny made her skin tingle. He spoke in a low voice. “You never texted.”

Ricca chewed on her lip, waiting several beats before answering, “Neither did you.”





Chapter Four


After the day from hell, Ricca sat on Micha’s orange, shag carpet and blinked at the glass of amber liquid Micha placed in front of her. "What is that?"

Micha shook her head. "You don’t want to know. Just drink it. You'll feel better."

Ricca eyed the glass dubiously, then grabbed it and chugged its contents. The liquid flowed down her throat and warmed her stomach. It only took a moment before she felt the lancing burn spread through her gut.

"Holy shit.” She sputtered and coughed. “What the fuck, Micha?"

Micha gave her a satisfied nod. "Kentucky bourbon. Good for a broken heart, a pissed off girlfriend, or plotting to kill your co-workers." She pointed at the label. “It says so right here.”

"But I don’t have a broken heart."

Jaya gave her a soft smile and patted her knee. "I think the bourbon works for being pissed off at an asshole ex too." She sniffed her own glass but put it down on the coffee table before taking a drink.

Ricca glanced down at her glass. Jaya had a point. Feeling almost uncomfortably hot, she slipped off her double layers of cardigans. "Hit me again."

Micha grinned as she cocked her head, her silky spirals spilling over her shoulder. She poured Ricca another glass then sat across from her. "Okay. You ready to talk?"

Ricca shrugged. "You guys already know what happened."

Jaya squeezed her knee again. "Ricca, all you said in your email was ‘Charles and I broke up. Talk when you get back.’ Then you didn’t answer my emails or calls."

Micha nodded in agreement. “Talk about cryptic. Then Beckett is the one who calls us to check on you tonight. What gives?”

Ricca drank this round a little slower. She’d just gotten her couch reupholstered and didn’t need bourbon spittle on it. "Shit, I'd love to understand it. Charles dumped me at the Gala."

Jaya sat up, her brows furrowing. “Wait, what? Ricca, why didn’t you say anything? That was over a week ago.”

Ricca squirmed under their scrutiny. “Look, at the time, you had just gotten engaged. I think, perhaps, you were getting engaged as I was being broken up with. And, Micha, you were schmoozing the Mayor, and Beckett came over and was distracted about some girl or another, and then we all dispersed for the holiday.” She shrugged. “This is the first night we’re getting to sit down and talk.”

Micha narrowed her eyes. “I told you to dump that ass-wipe before the holidays.”

Ricca nodded. “Yeah, I know. You were right.”

Micha nodded ruefully. “Annoying, isn’t it?”

Ricca had to chuckle. "Extremely." The warmth in her belly started to spread to her extremities. "God, it’s like he wanted to embarrass me. He told me I was too clingy, that I wasn’t fun, and that I didn’t dress well.“

“Clearly he’s a moron,” Micha said.

Jaya tipped her head. "So what are you going to do?"

For the first time that day, Ricca felt like laughing. "Yeah, I might have intimated that I planned to find the fucker and torch his car."

Both Micha and Jaya stared at her, their mouths agape. Then Micha laughed. "I'm glad to see I’m rubbing off."

Ricca shrugged. "You guys honestly don’t have to worry about me and the break up. I’m fine. Mostly.” She shrugged. “And as for the job, it seems that Serena wants me to work with the mean girls. Just been a rough couple of weeks.”

“You should have called us, kid,” Micha grumbled.

Jaya studied her with big brown eyes. "Ricca, are you sure you're okay?"

"You guys, honestly, I’ll be fine. I'm just a little sad to have been stuck with the loser for so long then to have him dump me with some bullshit excuse about how I’m too clingy and I clearly want marriage." She scoffed. She finished the contents of her glass, then stuck it out to Micha, who poured another two fingers. In that moment, Ricca made the conscious decision not to tell her friends about Beckett. The situation was already complicated enough. And she didn’t need them mother-henning her. She could take care of herself.

Several hours later, Ricca woke to cottonmouth and the urge to pee. Sitting up, she peered at her surroundings. Shit. She’d gotten drunk, Micha and Jaya had brought her home and they'd left her on the couch to sleep it off. Perfect. Humiliation complete. Just what she needed. Swinging her legs off the micro-suede cushions, she padded into the bathroom. After using the bathroom, she washed her face and stared at herself in the mirror. Yesterday had been a shit day. It was up to her to make today better.

First order of business—no more Mrs. Nice Guy to the Bitch Brigade. They only treated her the way they did because she allowed it. It paid to be nice, but it didn’t pay to have anyone walk all over you. She dimmed the light when the vein above her eye started to throb. There. That's better. She quickly brushed her teeth to get the shame and bourbon cocktail out of her mouth.

Next order of business, NEVER drink Kentucky bourbon again. She was nowhere near sober yet, and she already felt like she'd been kicked in the teeth. Oh wait, that's right, that was her day, not her lack of tolerance for alcohol.

And finally, no more letting people get away with murder—starting with Beckett Mills. He’d been the one to kiss her the other night. He’d been the one with his hands on her ass. Not the other way around. But somehow, she'd let him off the hook and blubbered around him yesterday. If she wanted them back on normal footing, she needed to actually talk to him. Not stutter like some lovesick school girl whose crush had been revealed via Twitter.

He had no business kissing her. Matter of fact, she was going to tell him that—first thing in the morning. Except, he was always late, and sure as shit, she wasn't having a conversation like that with him at work. And she wasn’t waiting until the end of day tomorrow. Because she knew herself. She was all bravado now, but when the rest of the alcohol wore off, she’d be too mortified to give him a piece of her mind. Might as well do it now. Never mind the time—what the hell time was it? The digital clock on her cable box blinked 2:30 AM. Whatever.

He’d sent her a million texts at this time of night, erm, morning. And like an idiot she’d tolerated it. He'd bragged about his exploits. He’d way over-shared. Well, tonight, he was going to get woken up.

She grabbed her keys and looked down at them. No way in hell she could drive. Swaying on her feet a little, she put her keys down—definitely still too drunk to drive. Annoyed, she snatched her phone off the coffee table and texted BC Cab Company. They specialized in late night pick-ups around the city. The girls had started calling them booty call cab. Which was accurate in so many ways.

The pickup text arrived within five minutes. As she stumbled out of the door, the rational, fearful part of her wondered if this could have waited till morning. Beckett always hit the beach or the pool depending on the waves. She could wait and meet him there.

No. Don’t be a chicken shit. They were having this talk.

The cab ride took exactly seven minutes from her place on Robinson back down toward his place on Park. Handy. She leaned over to talk to the cabbie and nearly smacked her head on the grate that separated the compartments. "Um, do you mind waiting?"

The pixie-haired female cabbie raised an eyebrow. "Sure. But the meter's running."

Fine by her. She'd make Beckett pay for it later. This was all his fault anyway. If he hadn't kissed her, everything would have been fine. Then she wouldn't have been so mad about being dumped. She'd be safely ensconced in her apartment, listening to Tracy Chapman and eating a tub full of ice-cream, wallowing. Instead, she was mad.

Ricca typed in the key code and swung the door open. As she knocked on Beckett’s door, the doubts started to creep in. What the hell was she doing? Was she insane? Maybe just a little.

"Too late now," she muttered and knocked.

It took two minutes for him to come to the door, and when he did, he blinked. His expression morphed from an angry frown into confusion. "Ricca? What’s the matter? What are you doing here?"

She pushed past him and entered, praying he was alone. He had pajama bottoms on, so that was a good sign. Though he was standing there shirtless, and his broad shoulders and chiseled abs made her forget what she wanted to say.

"Ricca, are you okay? You’re freaking me out."

"I'm fine,” she mumbled as she tilted to the left.

Beckett sniffed and narrowed his gaze. "How did you get here? You didn't drive, did you?”

She shook her head and immediately wished she hadn’t. Her stomach rolled, and she was a little terrified the contents would make an appearance. She cursed the bourbon gods again. Why did alcohol make it seem like it made you invincible? At best, she felt shaky on her feet.

“Nope. I’m drunk. But a responsible drunk,” she slurred. Responsible had come out sounding like reshponshible

"Why don’t you sit down?” He put a hand on her arm, trying to lead her to his couch.

Ricca shrugged him off. "No. I'm not sitting down. I just want you to answer one question for me."

"Uhm, okay, what is it?"

"Why did you really kiss me?"

His expletive broke the silence between them. He ran his hands through his hair. "Shit, Ricca, I kno—"

"No. You don't. You shouldn’t have done that. And I let you get away with it this afternoon, and I shouldn't have. I was so confused. Turned on. Confused. Mad. Why did you do that?" Shit had she just said turned on?

"Fuck. I'm sorry. I just—" Beckett started.

"Just tell me, and I’ll go. I'll go and forget this ever happened. Why would you kiss me like that?" She placed a hand on his bare chest and instantly felt the pull in her core. The light dusting of hair on his chest distracted her as she reveled in the softness of it. “You used t-tongue. That was against the rules. Like you wanted to turn me on. Why?”

"Because..."

"You can’t just waltz in and give me the Mills treatment. I'm not one of your hoards. I'm your friend. You text me when you’re having a bad day, when your horrid brother gives you shit. When you have a shitty date or you've got a stage nine clinger. Now you ruined that. Hell, I'm not even your type."

"Ricca."

“Not good enough, Beckett.”

Beckett started to pace. Ricca stared at him. All she needed was an answer, and she’d go home. Then she’d forget Beckett Mills. Even the fantasies? A little panicked voice from her subconscious nagged.

No, definitely not. She’d still have her fantasies, but no real world stuff. Way too sticky.

“Ricca, I don’t have any answers for you. Truth is, it just happened. It shouldn’t have, but it did. You said we’d be okay.”

She frowned. “I think I lied.” Tears pricked her lids. She blinked at him through the salty liquid. "Beckett." Her stomach rolled, then clenched as if someone had just kicked her in the gut. She straightened. “Oh no.” Her stomach clenched once, then again. Before she knew it, vomit and bile made an appearance at Beckett’s feet.

****

Beckett tried to pull his brain from his memory of Ricca storming into his place asking him why he’d kissed her. He’d wanted to kiss her again. His dick stood at instant attention at the thought.

His body was in no mood to listen.

After he’d cleaned himself up and taken her home, there’d been the dilemma of how to get her cleaned up and into bed. In her incapacitated state, she’d been no help. He’d managed to dump her in the shower fully clothed to help wake her up, but she’d needed help standing up so he’d climbed in with her—which had been the mistake of a lifetime. Hot, wet Ricca was the last thing he needed. But as torture went, he could have done worse.

He never knew Ricca had such a way with curse words. Beckett smirked at the memory. Ricca howling as the warm water hit them. How she blissfully groaned and leaned back against him while he washed her hair. She had so much hair that he’d had to wash it twice to make sure it was clean. As he’d massaged her scalp, she’d groaned in appreciation.

When he’d turned off the water and gotten her out, he’d been treated to the only fantasy he’d ever have for the rest of his life. Ricca in a wet T-shirt. The water had plastered her T-shirt to her lush breasts. He’d done his best not to look, but more than once, genetics won out over chivalry. Shit, he was a guy after all. He literally couldn’t help himself. The woman was stacked, with breasts so gorgeous a blind man would take notice. Thankfully, she’d been coherent enough by that point to change her own clothes. Well, at least to get them off.

With a herculean feat of averting his eyes, he’d managed to get her dressed in a T-shirt and underwear. And he changed into sweats he’d left over there after their last fantasy and crashed in the guest room. Unfortunately for him, sleep had not been on the menu. The sheets had constricted his legs, and the warmth from the heater clung to him like a muggy, stifling cloak. He’d finally slept fitfully, tormented by erotic dreams of Ricca, wet and moaning against him, writhing with need in his arms.

When he’d woken up on Saturday, she was still passed out asleep. He’d called twice to check on her on Sunday, but she hadn’t picked up. Nor had she returned any of his texts. It wasn’t like her to go into full avoidance mode. To be fair, she had a few fantasies she had to plan for, so she might have been meeting with vendors.

When she'd come in this morning she’d gone right to her office and shut her door. He’d even tried poking his head in to check on her, but she hadn’t been in the mood for a chat. Not meeting his gaze she whispered, "I need a couple of days to get over my hangover and embarrassment. Make that a week.”

“You’re okay though?” He frowned. “You remember anything?”

Her eyes went wide, and she immediately winced. “Oh, God. What did I do? Only thing I remember is Kentucky bourbon, then really needing to talk to you, then you dumping me in bed. I’ve got some blank spots." She grimaced, and her tongue peaked out to moisten her bottom lip. “Did I, um, say anything?”

He shook his head. It was really better for both of them if she didn’t remember. “Nope, just said you wanted to ask me something. Then you proceeded to pass out. I took you home.” He swallowed the bitter taste of the lie. She’d only feel worse if she knew what happened.

“Seems you’re in the running for sainthood.”

“Come find me if you remember what you wanted to ask me.” And maybe this time you’ll get a different answer.

“Yeah, okay.” She licked her lip again, and his dick strained against his jeans. Shit.

He went back to his office sporting a massive hard-on. Every time he even caught hint of her perfume, his whole body went rigid. So. Would. Not. Work. But it had to. No matter how he felt about her, he knew himself, he’d fuck it up eventually, and there’d be no going back to friendship. She actually mattered to him. Not to mention Braedon would flip his lid. His brother was an ass, but Braedon was the only family Beckett gave a shit about. He couldn’t hurt him.

If he ignored the attraction long enough, it would just go away, and he'd learn to deal. Just like before.

It didn’t matter if he wanted to taste every inch of her.

His phone rang, and he snatched it up without checking the caller ID. "Mills."

"What’s up, asshole?"

Fuck. All traces of desire vanished. He did not need this conversation today. "What’s up, Braedon?"

“You don’t sound happy to hear from me, baby bro.”

“That’s because I know you’ll insist on calling me baby bro.” Not because I was just ogling your ex, wanting to make her come in my office.

“Well birth order is a bitch. Okay, so listen. I have a couple architects for us to see this week, if you have the time. You still working on the bank for the additional loan?”

Beckett nodded his head. “Yeah. I’m working on them. They rejected my last proposal. But I’ve got another one I’m pulling together and the possibility of a pretty big job promotion, so that could change things.”

Braedon whistled. “Okay, now you’re talking. Any idea of salary?”

“Well, it’s a VP job, so I expect over 150k.”

“Nice.” Braedon cleared his throat. “You know, you could always ask the old man for a loan.”

Beckett clenched his teeth. Like hell he’d ever ask the old man for anything. “You still have faith in him. He’s not going to give me a loan unless I come to heel. And there’s no way I’m going to work for him.”

“And you’re sure you don’t want to consider that? You could come on for six months. Then once we are up and running, you can leave. At least you tried.”

Beckett clicked his jaw, trying not to grind his teeth. It was an old argument. Braedon had gone into the family law practice. Beckett hadn’t. His father had earned his money from playing in the NFL, but had gotten injured and gone into law. Jackson Mills had been so pissed he couldn’t make Beckett come to heel that he’d frozen Beckett’s trust fund. Fine by him—he didn’t need the old man’s money. “Not going to happen, Braedon.”

It had never been about the money for Beckett. He didn’t need that trust fund. Well, that wasn’t entirely true, but he certainly wasn’t going to beg for it. He knew that restoring that old gym would make a difference in the community and give other kids like him an opportunity to train and maybe hide out for a few hours doing something they were good at. Everyone needed a safe haven where they were free from people’s judgments or disapproving glares.

Besides, Dear Old Dad had never supported him in anything. He’d never been to a single swim meet, not even the Olympic Trials. Once Beckett had chosen swimming over football, that was it for his father. Disappointment number one in a long line of disappointments. And his father had made it a point to tell Beckett how deficient he was at every turn. When his mother had still been alive, it was easier. She’d made up for the old man wherever she could.

Braedon sighed. “Okay, fine. Let me know when you’ve drafted the new proposal. I’ll contact your assistant for your schedule.” His brother paused before adding. “So, uh, how is Ricca? She doing okay?”

A fist of dread squeezed around Beckett’s heart. He still hadn’t told Braedon about the kiss at the Gala. “Yeah, you know. She’s good.” There, nice and evasive.

“She still dating that asshole?”

Braedon had never gotten over her, despite the fact that he’d been the one to cheat on her. He’d always described his cheating as just a little something he’d needed on the side. But like their father, Braedon liked the ladies. His cheating had been more than one indiscretion.

Ricca knew about the one incident but not about the rest. It had killed Beckett not to tell her, but Braedon was his brother. What the hell was he supposed to say? “Hey, my brother was a serial cheating asshole.” The day he’d found out what happened, Beckett had almost killed Braedon for hurting Ricca like that. For being so callous. But despite what had happened, Braedon always asked about her.

“Actually, they broke up.”

Braedon was silent for two heartbeats.

“Maybe I should call her. Say hi or something.”

Red hot fury made Beckett’s skin prickle. “No.” He tempered his tone. “Not a good idea. She still hates you.”

“C’mon, man, I thought you were going to put a good word in for me. Tell her I’m reformed or something.”

“Are you?”

“Depends on if she’s still vanilla or not. You know, I’m surprised—she’s from the islands. I thought she’d be spicier. But—”

“I’m hanging up now.” Beckett ground out as he put the phone down. Sometimes his brother was such an asshole.

One thing was certain. He would rather cut off his favorite appendage than put in a good word for Braedon.





Chapter Five


As nightmares went, Ricca was stuck in a total screamer. The first planning meeting of the Master Fantasy package was going exactly as she’d expected—like a tornado had just landed in downtown San Diego. Combine that with her killer headache, and Ricca was seriously considering death. Combine that with the gaps in her memory of Saturday night, and she was in no mood.

The real fun started when Angel looked at the rest of the brigade and said, "Okay, what says romance?"

Ricca shifted uncomfortably in her seat. If her name was going to be attached to this thing, she wanted it to go well. But at the same time, she wanted to have some fun watching Angel and crew stumble around in the dark. For now, she’d just forge on and clamp her mouth shut. Even if she did offer up suggestions, the Bitch Brigade would shoot them down, then use them as their own ideas later. Best to just let them get there on their own. Still, she itched to tell them how it was done.

Next to her, she could feel Beckett's heat with every swivel of his chair and every brush of his arm. He was there, in her face. Closing her eyes, she tried to steady her heart rate, but instead, an image of Beckett peeling off her underwear flashed in her memory. Oh shit. Her eyes snapped to his.

His brows furrowed in confusion. “What?” he mouthed.

She shook her head. Maybe she was imagining the whole thing. Except—the image flashed again, and this time, she noticed her cookie monster pajamas on the floor of her bathroom. Shit, what the hell had she done?

In quick succession, the memories of the other night flooded her brain, and her stomach rolled. Her botched attempt at getting Beckett to admit why he’d kissed her. His refusal. Her throwing up all over the both of them. Oh God. Ricca’s breath hitched, and no matter what she tried, she couldn’t get enough air into her lungs.

Beckett nudged her chair and whispered. “Hey, you okay? You look a little green.”

Frantically, she nodded her head. This was so totally worse than when Beckett had picked her up off the floor after Braedon told her he’d cheated on her.

Beckett had beaten Braedon to a pulp that night. His own brother, and he’d beat the crap out of him. Then he’d taken care of her along with Micha and Jaya. Between the three of them, they’d made sure she didn’t drown herself in cookies and cream. Now this. Like a gentleman, he hadn’t said anything.

She dropped her forehead into her hand. What the hell had possessed her to go over to his place in the middle of the night? Oh yeah—half a bottle of bourbon and the need to know why he’d kissed her. Oh. Fuck. Me.

With every near brush of contact with Beckett, she relived kissing him at the Gala and replayed Friday night. As torture went, it was all kinds of effective. Why now, after all these years, were her feelings coming back up? Talk about all kinds of inconvenient. Confusion wove its way through the desire and embarrassment, making for a slinky fabric she didn’t like to wear out in public.

She nearly jumped up out of her seat when Beckett muttered, "We're doomed."

She kept her eyes on her notebook and wrote a little message in the corner. Tell me about it.

She felt, rather than saw, him nod as he scribbled on his notepad. I'm going to talk to Serena. This is a little ridiculous.

Don't bother. She won’t change her mind.

We have to try. If I’m hitching my train to Angel's wagon, I want to make sure the thing is structurally sound.

We both know it's not. Then, feeling vindictive, Ricca scribbled on her notepad again. What says romance?

Beckett muffled a choked laugh, and she bit back a grin. Maybe, just maybe, things were getting sort of back to normal.

After an hour listening to Angel, Emily, and Megan fumble around what to do as heads of a fantasy plan, Ricca and Beckett made their escape. Automatically, she turned to Beckett. "Coffee run—rock, paper, scissors?"

In a move practiced over years of friendship and working together, he put out his right palm. His paper beat out her rock, so her turn. She hustled to the elevator with a small crowd of employees. She needed fresh air to think. And she needed to find Micha and kill her for the bourbon introduction.

Several people got out on the tenth floor. A few more exited on the seventh. The hair on Ricca's neck prickled in warning. Like someone was staring at her. One more person got out on five. Unable to keep still, she glanced around the elevator.

An impeccably dressed woman in her mid-to-late twenties stood silently behind her. Ricca admired her put together look—starched, navy, Diane Von Furstenberg shirt-dress and Stuart Wiseman ballet flats. She also had the latest Hermes bag slung over her shoulder. Great outfit, if it had some color. Her straight, light brown hair hung to her shoulders, and her face was devoid of makeup. But she met Ricca’s gaze and smiled. The smile transformed her face into something engaging, and Ricca had to smile back.

A voice to her right startled Ricca. "I'm surprised you’re in the mood to go for coffee breaks, given what happened with Charles. You’re so brave, Ricca. I mean if my boyfriend dumped me for a former model, I’d take to eating whole cakes in my depression."

Ricca gritted her teeth. Angel. She should have waited for another elevator car. Damn. How the hell did Angel know what happened with Charles?

“I mean, I saw your man yesterday in Old Town with some slinky model. I think she’s VP at Ernst and Young downtown. When did you guys break up, anyway?” Angel asked with an evil gleam in her eye. “I could have sworn I saw you guys together at the Westhorpe Gala.”

Ricca opened her mouth, and then thought better of it. For now, she was stuck with Angel. And there wasn’t much she could do about it. Angel was in essence her boss for the duration of the project, so the way to deal was to bite her tongue, 'cause she sure as shit couldn't find anything nice to say.

All she could think to mutter was, “His loss." Then she narrowed her eyes at Angel. "Are you okay? I know how hard it is coming up with fresh ideas and angles with everyone watching and judging you.” Angel wasn’t the only one who could rattle cages.

Angel made a rapid exit on the second floor.

"Is everyone really judging her?” The thin brunette in the DVF dress asked.

Ricca smirked at the question. "Not sure about everyone, but I certainly am."

The woman smiled again, showing off perfect teeth. "Good for you. She was a real piece of work."

"Yeah, tell me about it. I get to work with that ball of sunshine every day."

They hit the bottom floor and exited. "Sorry to hear." The brunette gave her a more somber smile. "About your bitch of a co-worker and about the breakup."

Ricca shrugged it off. "Truth be told, I was more pissed that he beat me to the punch."

"Ugh, isn't that the worst?" The woman cocked her head and stuck out her hand. "By the way, I'm Lila."

"Ricca. Are you new here?” Most of the floors were occupied by Fantasies, but there were some smaller businesses, and she'd seen just about everyone at least once or twice before.

"Oh no. I had a client meeting. I’m trying to surprise my husband.”

“Good surprise or bad?” There was a divorce attorney on the floor right above Fantasies.

“Ha. Good. A crazy anniversary gift."

“Well, if you’re looking for some good ideas, you can check out Fantasies, Inc. upstairs. We specialize in over the top fantasies and surprises.”

Lila smiled. “Oh, I was just up there! But I’m not sure about budget. The blonde I met with wasn’t too friendly.”

“I’m sorry about that. If you want to come up at any time, I can walk you through some ideas to fit your budget.”

Lila’s smile brightened. “You’d do that?”

“Yeah. Why not?” She liked Lila. She was kind and unassuming.

“Wow, thanks.”

Suddenly the brunette's gaze shifted, and her brows furrowed. Ricca caught sight of Serena talking to a man, who registered a ten on the drop-dead handsome, knock-your-best-friend-out-of-the-way-so-you-can-have-him meter. He was tall, like Beckett, but not as broad. By the way Serena was touching him on the arm and gazing up at him, she was in full flirt mode. What the hell was going on there? Did Zach have some competition?

Except the man wasn’t looking at Serena. He was looking toward them.

“You spot Mr. Handsome-as-sin too, huh?”

Lila nodded, her voice taking on a breathy quality. “That’s my husband."

Ricca's jaw dropped.

"You should see your face." Lila giggled. "I know we don’t exactly match. But I don't know; he's my soul mate. I haven’t got a clue what he sees in me, but I adore him.”

Ricca smiled at the obvious love in Lila's voice. "It's your smile."

Lila blinked then flushed. "That’s what he says." She grinned when her husband met her gaze and waved her over. "It was nice to meet you, Ricca. Good luck with the evil bitch extraordinaire and sorry about the ass-wipe that dumped you. I think there’s something good coming around the corner for you.”

"Thank you. It was nice to meet you too."

Ricca made a quick exit out of the building and immediately called Jaya. She answered on the first ring. "Hangover that bad?"

Ricca frowned. "No. Yes, but not why I’m calling. Beckett made me take two aspirin and Alka-Seltzer this morning. I feel a little better. I mean, I’m not ready to run a marathon, but then again, when am I ever?"

"That's good. Micha was worried after we stopped by yesterday and you didn’t answer the door. She was about to send out the dogs to come find you. Honestly, I think she was a little disappointed that she didn’t have a legit excuse to go over to Caleb's and get him out of bed."

“Shoot, I wish she had gotten him to come looking for me. Shirtless would have been preferable.”

“That’s ’cause you think he looks like that werewolf from that vampire show.”

“You got a point?” Ricca drew in a deep breath as she waited in line for her coffee. “So um, did you talk to Beckett this weekend?”

“No, why?”

“He didn’t say anything to you about Friday night?”

Jaya was silent for a beat. “Something happen I don’t know about?”

Ricca struggled with what to tell her friend. Normally, she told Jaya everything, but what was she going to say this time? Jaya and Micha were already worried enough about her with the whole Charles thing. She didn’t want to add the Beckett situation. Lest they fit her for a snug white jacket.

“No, he called a couple of times too yesterday, and he’s been hovering over me all day today.” Beckett and Jaya were close, yet he hadn’t mentioned the kiss, nor had he told her about Friday. He’s protecting me. Just like always. Moments like this made her think he’d be great in a relationship. But then she remembered his model-dating, man-whore ways, and it brought her back to reality again.

“Well, he’s a little over protective. You know how he is.”

“Yeah, I got that.” Ricca sighed. "You know how they say, when it rains it pours?"

"Shit, what the hell else happened?"

"So I’m on coffee duty for Beckett today, and I get into the elevator as usual, and there’s Angel."

"That crazy bitch from your office?"

"That’s the one, and she starts teasing me about being dumped."

"You know what, normally I'm not one for killing people, but maybe Micha is right about this one."

Ricca continued as if she hadn’t heard her. "And there’s this other woman in there who overhears everything. All the while I'm thinking, she's this mousy plain girl. Turns out she's a potential client."

"Shit. Did you say anything damaging?"

"Nothing too bad, I don’t think, but God…It could have been so much worse. She was actually the one who called Angel a bitch."

Jaya chuckled. "I like her already."

"Yeah, me too. Her husband is one hottie Mcbillionaire."

Jaya gasped. "You mean Alec already has a wife?"

"It's not nice to brag about your good fortune." Ricca snickered.

“Chill, I’m only teasing."

"Well, might not happen anyway, given that Serena was flirting with the guy. I’m not holding my breath that I’ll get her as a client.” Ricca paid for the coffee and tucked her change purse into the pocked of her jacket. Walking briskly back to the office she added, "You should see this guy, honestly. I'd be freaked to be with someone that good looking."

Jaya chuckled. "It does have some perks."

"Again with the bragging."

"Again, joking—mostly."

"I get it. I get it. You’re in luuurrrvvv. You still need me tomorrow for my bridesmaid fitting?"

"Yep. I’m bringing the shoes too. I think it’s time I handed those off. You never know when you're going to get lucky."

Ricca had to smile. If Jaya thought those ridiculously expensive Louboutins would change her life, who was she to argue?

When Ricca returned to the office, she was corralled into the conference room with the rest of the team for an impromptu meeting. The way this day was going, she’d be lucky if she even made it through half her calls before close of business. Some of her vendors wouldn’t be too pleased to get calls after closing hours, but she brought enough business their way to soften the intrusion. Unfortunately, this meant a late night for her tonight. Though it wasn’t like she would be doing anything else besides flipping back and forth between the Lakers’ game and Scandal. She had to get a life, pronto. Either that or a cat.

She tapped her foot in rapid rhythm as she leaned up against the wall in the back of the conference room, waiting for Serena to start. Beckett leaned back in one of the chairs, looking cool as ever. His pale blue, Marc Jacobs sweater made his eyes stand out even more than usual. Even just slouching in his seat, he could have been modeling a campaign for that sweater.

The rest of the room was busy gossiping about what Serena wanted to discuss, but not Beckett. He looked—bored. She’d never seen him in actual panic mode. Not once. Not ever. The only time she’d ever even seen him lose it was when he got into a fight with his brother—over her. Or rather what Braedon had done to her.

Serena leaned her palms against the conference room table and surveyed the teams. Beckett's adventure team, of course, took longer to quiet down. Those guys had been going through sports options for the ideal fantasy. Some of the guys were pushing for a day with Beckham on the field. A few others were more into a baseball thing. No one mentioned basketball, and Beckett was in full-on pout.

The women were even less successful, and Ricca could only roll her eyes. They'd been given a full list of the client’s likes and dislikes. On that list had been historical romances. It was a no brainer. Ricca's idea had been to go for something way over the top and put her in the fantasies as one of her heroines or something. A full-on, regency-type setting with picnic, ball—the whole nine. But she'd been shot down. Fair enough—Angel's funeral. Ricca could live with that.

"If you guys are done now, I have an announcement to make.” Zach walked in and took position by his wife. Angel practically preened, and Ricca fought the urge to roll her eyes. The result was what felt like an eye tick.

Zach interjected. "There’s been a change in plans. No longer will the two teams be working separately, but the loving couple has decided they want to do a joint fantasy. One that incorporates things they both like to do, with some singular elements too."

Serena scowled at him. He'd stolen her thunder. And Serena did enjoy her moments of flourish. She stiffened her back. "There’s been another change as well. The Vice President position is still up for grabs, but we are changing leadership on the romance angle.” Ricca immediately stood straight and held her breath. What the what? Angel was no longer in charge? She had an overwhelming urge to dance, but even she knew better.

"And before I get the angry pleading, the client requested these modifications. Ricca Munroe is now our Fantasy romance lead."

Ricca's skin grew hot and prickly when the Bitch Brigade whipped their heads around to glare at her. She tilted her chin up and met Angel 's stare. She wasn't going to let boobs-too-big-for-my-blouse-Barbie intimidate her anymore.

"Ricca, you and Beckett will have to come up with a theme and concept and present by Monday. Not much time, but that's what you have."

The one thing Ricca wanted, handed to her on a silver platter. And she could prove finally that she was a risk taker. She could think out of the box. Now Serena had to consider her for the job.

"Understood. We won’t let you down." Ricca hoped to God that was right. Her lower belly tingled when she glanced at Beckett, and she quelled them right away. No tingles. Tingles bad. Tingles meant she showed up on homeboy's doorstep with a fifth of Kentucky bourbon in her bloodstream.

After several moments, she also realized what this meant—she and Beckett were now officially in the race for Vice President. Fantastic. Just what she needed. She had the hots for the competition.

His voice was low when he turned around to whisper. "Congratulations. This doesn’t mean I’ll take it easy on you though. I intend on getting that VP job. So I'm sorry I'll have to beat you.”

Her competitive nature piqued, and she had the irrational urge to both kiss him and stab him in the hand with her pen. Through a sickly sweet smile, she said, "Cocky. Just like an adventure jock. You’re going to have to learn some finesse, if we're going to work together."

The room was silent, and Ricca looked up to find everyone staring at the two of them. She blushed. "Sorry."

"If the two of you are done, I'd like to introduce to you the clients now. Roberto and Lila Serritti. Close personal friends of mine and Zachary’s."

When the conference room door opened, Ricca gasped. In walked hottie McBillionaire from the lobby, and next to him, holding his hand, walked an almost too-thin woman with mousy brown hair and a terrific smile. Lila. Not just any client, but the biggest client of Ricca’s career. Holy hell.





Chapter Six


“Ricca, I’d like to speak to you in private please.”

Ricca gazed at the conference room door longingly as everyone departed. She had a ton of work to do, but she also needed to call her girl-talk committee and tell them the news. They’d come up with a strategy to beat Beckett for sure. Either that, or they’d come up with a plan to dispose of his body.

“What’s up, Serena? I need to—”

Serena put up a hand. “Look, I know you were upset before about Angel having this fantasy. You’ve worked hard, and the VP job is something you’ve always wanted.”

Ricca squared her shoulders. “I know you don’t think I can take risks. I only wanted the chance to prove you wrong. And I have that now. So I’ll take it and show you what I’m capable of.”

Serena nodded as she studied Ricca. “If it were up to me, I would say that with a little seasoning and maturity, the job could be yours. Unfortunately, Zachary also thinks the job belongs to the Neanderthal.”

Annoyance pricked Ricca’s nerve endings. Sure, she could call Beckett a Neanderthal, but no one else could. “He’s not a Neanderthal. I just—” She wasn’t great at tooting her own horn. “I’m just better qualified.”

Serena’s smile was quick and elusive. “You won’t play dirty. I like that, but we’re going to need a plan for you to get this job, and we’re going to need one quick.”

“You planning on giving me some insider information to help me win?” Serena had always been hard to read. Ricca liked her boss, but the two of them had never been chummy.

“Something like that. Think of it as a little woman-to-woman advice.”

Ricca raised an eyebrow. “Um, okay.”

“You need to change your look.”

Ricca recoiled—all her organs shrinking into tight little balls. All her life, she’d dealt with mean girls teasing her about her size, her height, her skin color. She didn’t need it from her boss. “I beg your pardon?” she mumbled through gritted teeth.

Serena held up her hands. “Look, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that how it came out. I’m sorry.”

Ricca relaxed by degrees.

“But what I mean is, Beckett is Zachary’s pick. Angel was also Zachary’s pick for this fantasy. He thinks she looks the part, and he wants to impress Roberto and Lila. If I’d had my way, you’d be the one doing the job solo and having the promotion. You’re more experienced, you’re creative, and you never say die. But I’m not making the decision on my own. All hiring has to pass the board, and Zachary has a strong belief in Beckett. But I can help you win.”

“B-but you said I’m not a risk taker,” Ricca muttered, confused.

“You haven’t been. But you are creative and can problem-solve without going over the top. That’s the kind of person I want to grow the business. Not a cowboy.”

Ricca bit her lip. Just once, she didn’t want to be the nice girl, the one worried about other people’s feelings. For once, she wanted to be the winner. “How do I win?”

Serena let out a breath. “First of all, you need to start acting like you are ass bad. Beckett walks around here like he owns the joint. I need to see more of that in you. Not just the head down, getting your shit done kind of attitude, the making it look effortless attitude, but the I know I’m good attitude.”

“You sound like a friend of mine.”

“Your friend is right.”

Ricca drew her brows in. “Wait, I thought you and Zach were supposed to be impartial.”

Serena scoffed. “Are you kidding me? I’m Romanian. I thrive on competition. Besides, you’d be a fool to think Zachary isn’t prepping Beckett as we speak. So let’s hear it. How do you plan to outwit the competition?”

Outwit the—well damn, she hadn’t thought about outwitting Beckett. “I, um—haven’t given it much thought.” Should she have been planning for this eventuality all along?

Serena rolled her eyes. “God save me from stubborn, unprepared women. Look, you have to have an angle that makes you shine. You’re excellent at your job. Every T crossed and I dotted. But you have to have a way to shine. No one is going to be looking at best plan. You have to stand out.”

Ricca eased herself back into the leather conference room chair. Expelling a long breath, she said, “I don’t have anything flashy yet, but I’ll figure something out.” She’d ask Micha. Micha was the queen of flash. There wasn’t anything she did that didn’t have a little sass and flare.

Serena rolled her eyes and muttered something in a language Ricca could only assume was Romanian. “Okay, I’ll give you a head start. First things first, you need to learn to stand out. Stop looking so frumpy.”

Pain zinged through Ricca’s chest, and her mind immediately swapped Serena’s thin blond frame, with Ricca’s mother’s short, rounded, dark-skinned one. Their words were the same in tone and hurt. “Th-there’s nothing wrong with how I dress. It’s professional,” she muttered weakly.

Serena sighed. “No, you must not take it as something negative. You dress like you’re short and plump. Nothing to entice or distract. You need to start dressing like you’re confident in your body as a woman. Not only will it distract the hell out of your competition, but you’ll stand out in any room you walk into. No one will be able to ignore you or your work. If you fade into the background, the clients will never pay attention. Neither will Zach, and neither will Beckett. No matter how good a job you do.”

All Ricca had heard was a terrific rendition of Charlie Brown’s teacher, “Wah wah wah. Short and Plump. Wah wah wah.” She tried to drag in bits of air through her swelling throat. When she spoke her voice was soft. “But I’m wearing Prada and Jimmy Choo. None of this stuff is understated.” She indicated her jade green flats.

“The shoes might be Choo’s, and the dress might be Prada, but you’re buttoned up. You’re hiding underneath those layers. And, newsflash, those layers just make your curves look bulky. You’re not chubby, but you’d rather everyone believe that so you can keep hiding.”

Double ouch. Ricca looked down at herself. The dress was straight to the knee Prada with a deep V, but she’d put a cardigan over it and buttoned it to the top to conceal her double D’s. And when that cardigan still looked too body-hugging, she’d added a bulky shawl. Why was it that the truth never came swathed in honey, but rather razor blades and thorns?

Serena raised an eyebrow. “What I’m talking about is letting your hair loose instead of that tight bun all the time. I’m talking about trading those flats for stilettos. And yes, you’re wearing a Prada dress, but I own that dress. I know that it shows some cleavage. Do you want to explain why you’ve thrown that bulky shawl over such a beautiful garment?”

Ricca’s skin grew hot and prickly. Tipping her chin up, she said, “The dress is a little indecent for work.”

“That dress is fine for work. Did you see Cassandra last week with her strapless number? You need to liven things up a little. Stop trying to hide yourself and start standing out with all of you, like you do with your work. Matter of fact, take the rest of the day to do that.”

Ricca’s jaw clicked, and she reminded herself that only with calm did she keep from killing anyone. With three slow breaths, she released the tension in her jaw.

“Serena, look. Um, I appreciate all the help you’re trying to give me, but I want to be noticed on my merits.” She’d never thought dressing for success meant showing her, erm, assets. Since she’d sprouted breasts at the age of ten, her body had been a matter of fascination from the opposite sex and a matter of ridicule from other women. She’d been called chubby all her life. Sure, her waist might be small and her belly flat, but all anyone could see were her more than ample curves. It had been easier to cover them up.

She certainly didn’t need to be called plump by her own boss. Nor did she need to be told how to do her job and get the recognition she deserved.

Serena sighed. “Suit yourself. I’m only trying to give you an edge. In the world we work in, beauty and fantasy and sex are what we sell. You do great work, but people like my husband will always see you as the kind of mousy girl who works really hard. He’ll never pay attention to the fact that you’re the one who’s brought in and secured over fifty percent of the profit from the Romance Fantasy side. He won’t remember that this client chose you specifically. He will always look you over for someone flashier, like your boyfriend.”

Ricca’s jaw clicked. “He’s not my—”

“Whatever.” Serena held up her hand. “Okay, we’ll do it your way. Come and see me when you want to win.”





Chapter Seven


“So what did she say, exactly?” Micha scowled.

Ricca bit her lip as her brain worked through Serena’s words, a task made more difficult by Micha’s sharp scrutiny. “Um…” Her voice trailed off.

“Because,” Micha continued, “It means the difference between me beating her with my shoe and me just stabbing her in the eye with it.”

“Oh, Micha, stop being so melodramatic,” Jaya said. “It’s more efficient to shoot the bitch and dump her body. I can make us a project plan for this scenario, if you want?”

“Would both of you just stop? “Ricca squeaked. “Who knew you guys were so prone to violence.”

Micha poured them all another round of Margaritas. Though, given her still hungover state, Ricca only got a half glass. Monday Margaritas had been a tradition with them since college. “No one calls my friend fat and frumpy and lives to tell the tale. Matter of fact, you should have told us earlier, so we could have just come down there and kicked her ass.”

Ricca raised an eyebrow. “What are you, my mom now?” Though Ricca’s mother would never have jumped to her aid so quickly.

“If that’s what you need, then yes. You can’t let people like her walk all over you. You’ve got to stand up for yourself.”

Ricca shook her head. “You guys don’t get it. It’s not that easy. Besides, I want this job. Bad. I want this job so bad I’d be willing to give up sex forever to have it. I’m not telling off my boss.”

Micha gasped. “Hush your mouth. You don’t want the sex fairies hearing you and granting that wish.”

Jaya chuckled before taking a long sip and setting her glass on a coaster. “Okay, so what exactly happened today? Is Serena on your side or not?”

“Shoot, I don’t know. When I first talked to her last week, she said I wasn’t a risk taker. Now she claims it’s Zach who doesn’t want me. When I told her I just wanted to do a good job, she said that wasn’t good enough and she wanted me to stand out more.” Ricca expelled a breath. “Then she started in on how I dress, saying that I’m hiding under my clothes and they make me look ‘bulky and frumpy.’ She didn’t call me fat—exactly.”

Micha opened her mouth as if to protest, but Jaya held up a hand. “Let her finish.”

Ricca let out a giggle at the mutinous face Micha made. “Um, then we met the clients. A husband and wife. He’s some Italian financier, and she’s the chick from the elevator I told you about. Jai, she specifically requested me.”

“Well, you deserve it. And let’s be clear, it’s your genuine character that got you this job,” Jaya said.

Ricca swiped a lock of hair out of her face. “They want to do a joint package for their upcoming anniversary. And over the top doesn’t even begin to cut it. Both are giving input on the other’s part of the fantasy. It’s a lot of pressure to get it right.”

“Honey, if there’s one thing you’re good at, it’s making a fantasy come true. This will be a cake walk for you,” Micha said. “Why are you so nervous?”

“Because, it’s something I want like I’ve never wanted anything before.” Ricca stared down at her nails. Just expressing her desire made a knot form in her gut. She never went after anything like she went after this job.

“Then take it.” Micha set her jaw.

“God, the way Serena talked to me made me seem like an Ugly Duckling reject.”

Micah shook her head. “First of all, that chick is a goner. Second, you have the most random television show knowledge.”

Ricca grinned. “It’s my secret talent.”

Jaya patted her knee. “Ree, you’re not giving this evil cow any of your brain power, are you, honey? God knows you’re gorgeous.”

“It’s not that. I just don’t want to change who I am. I mean you guys don’t think she’s right, do you?”

“Of course not.” Jaya frowned.

Micha rolled her eyes. “Don’t be crazy.”

“Do you guys think I’m hiding?”

Micha and Jaya both leaned back against the couch. Jaya crossed her legs, looking down. Micha chewed on the inside of her mouth. Ricca winced at the jab of pain through her middle.

For once, Micha was speechless. “I…Uh.” She darted a glance to Jaya. “A little help here? I don’t do finesse so well.”

Jaya expelled a breath. “Well, honey, you’re beautiful, but it’s like you don’t want anyone to see it.”

Ricca’s head jerked backward as she blinked back the shock. “Just because I’m not flaunting my assets doesn’t mean I’m hiding.”

“No one’s saying you have to flaunt your assets, babes. All I’m saying is that you cover up a lot, like you’re uncomfortable. You buy these great clothes, but then you get one look at yourself and you freak, so you immediately cover up with a shawl or something.” Jaya shrugged. “If you’re not comfortable, I understand. We love you, no matter what. It’s really about what you feel comfortable doing. Who you want to be.”

Micha sat up. “You’re the one in control. You determine who you want to be. You want to be the sultry sex-pot we know you can be? Great. Jaya has a pair of shoes to go with that persona. You want to play it safe and cool? We back you on that. What do you want?”

Ricca bit her lip. “Just once, I want to wipe that equal parts smug and blank look Zach gives me all the time, off his face. It’s like he doesn’t actually see that I’m there. I want my work to be noticed. Hell, I want to be noticed. The number of people who act like I’m not even in a room is shocking. I mean, I know I’m small, but come on. Look, when we go out—I know no one is paying attention to me, and I’m okay with that. But when I can’t get anyone to pay me any attention when I’m doing everything right, that’s not fair. I want to win.”

Micha slid Jaya a glance. “How badly do you want to win? Because killing the skinny bitch is still an option.”

“I want that job. I want to make Zach swallow his tongue. I want Serena to see how bad I want this job and to take me seriously.”

Jaya grinned. “I have just the shoes for this adventure. As long as you’re sure you want to do this.”

“Oh, I’m sure.” Ricca’s body flushed as she thought of Beckett’s soft lips on hers. The way his hands had clapped onto her ass and held her in place as if he wanted to devour her.

Ricca snatched up one of the sand-colored couch pillows and cuddled it as she sprawled on the floor. She would never tell the girls, but a small part of her hoped that Beckett would notice her too.

Desperate to shift the attention off her, she asked, “Are you still holding out on Caleb, Micha? Why, for the love of God? Have you seen that man?”

Micha folded her arms across her chest. “You know I have a rule. I’m not doing the relationship—” An alarm chimed. Micha sprinted for the lights and flipped them off.

Jaya coughed and hastily got to her feet. “What the hell?

“Get down, you guys,” Micha whispered. “I don’t know if he can still see shadows in here.”

As Micha dragged her and Jaya to the window, Ricca bumped her toe on the coffee table. “Ow. Damn it. Micha, you want to tell me why we’re skulking around your own condo in the dark, and why the hell you’re whispering?”

“I second that request,” Jaya whispered.

Micha wrinkled her brow and darted them a guilty look. “Okay, so maybe I’m not immune to Caleb.” She peered over the windowsill, and Ricca and Jaya followed suit.

In the apartment directly across the courtyard, Caleb Atkins opened the door to his condo, flipped on the lights, and immediately started to disrobe. His tie went first, with two quick aggressive jerks. As he yanked his shirt from his slacks and started to unbutton, Ricca sat back down. “I can’t watch.”

“Neither can I,” Jaya said, but somehow she managed to stay put.

“Ricca, you’re missing out, I tell you.”

At the sound of Jaya’s “Holy Mary Mother of God,” comment, Ricca popped her head back up to take in the view.

Caleb’s exceptional abs and chest filled her field of vision. “Wow. Holy abs,” she muttered.

“Now do you guys see? It’s totally worth the price of admission,” Micha said. “He does this pretty much every night of the week. Sometimes, he just changes clothes and roams around shirtless, sometimes he changes and leaves again. But every night, it’s my own private viewing party.” Micha sighed and sat against the wall. “Once he walked around naked for a bit. I won’t tell you what I did then.”

“Let’s not forget that time you caught him, um, attending to himself.”

“I will never forget that. It’s the sole reason I don’t sleep at night.”

Ricca didn’t understand. “Why don’t you just have dinner with the guy?”

“Because I’m shit at relationships, and they never work out for me. And since he’s apparently in the circle, thanks to Jaya’s man, it’s too messy. Besides. I want to sleep with him. I don’t want to find out his life goals and shit.”

“You’re incorrigible, Micha. What about love and romance?” Ricca asked. Though Micha had a point. In their small circle of friends it would get messy. One more reason Beckett was off limits.

“I don’t believe in love and romance for me. For you and Jaya, that works.” Abruptly, she changed the subject, like she always did when she was scared of appearing too vulnerable. “Okay, so are we good to commence operation sex-pot, Ree? And think, the added bonus is that Beckett will literally want to cut out his own tongue when he sees you. A little pay back for the years you spent thinking about him. You in?”

Ricca swallowed around a lump in her throat. She hated that her old feelings for Beckett had been so apparent to everyone but him. He might be off limits, but having him notice her would be nice for a change. “I’m in.”

Jaya smirked then crawled over to the canvas bag she’d left by Micha’s couch. She pulled out a shoe box and said, “I’m officially passing off the stilettos to you. I no longer need them. Wear them with pride and take no prisoners—unless they look like my fiancé or Caleb.”

Ricca eyed the gold-embossed Christian Louboutins that, in a fit of insanity, Jaya had bought for three thousand dollars. To bail out their friend, Micha and Ricca agreed to time-share the sinfully delicious shoes. It was Ricca’s turn to play Cinderella. She only hoped the shoes worked as well on jobs as they did on men. “You got it.”





Chapter Eight


Ricca ran through a Patti Labelle song in her head as she stood on Beckett’s doorstep with a pile of folders, shifting from foot to foot in her Gucci flats. Ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo, I got a new attitude. Micha had insisted she wear heels, but Jaya had said that the flats were more casual. They’d break out the Louboutins for work, but for now, Ricca needed to appear like she wasn’t trying too hard.

Though to Ricca, trying too hard was a relative term, because the skinny jeans she’d poured herself into, via way of crowbar and pig grease, might start cutting off her circulation at any time. Okay maybe not cutting off her circulation. They just fit like a glove—a very tight glove. Micha had found her a brand that was made for women with actual asses.

Ricca just wasn’t used to being so exposed. Her vintage, Lakers T-shirt did nothing to hide her ample chest and actually showed a hint of belly—which she sucked in. A little voice whispered in the back of her mind. Straighten your shoulders, kid, this won’t work if you’re not confident. What’s the worst that could happen?

Before she rang the bell, she cleared her throat and patted down her hair. There was so much of it that she never wore it down. Since she was so short, it completely overwhelmed her stature. At least that was her thought, but Jaya and Micha had a different idea. Micha with the gorgeous ringlets actually told her she was jealous of Ricca’s hair and wished hers was as thick.

For a hint of a moment, Ricca wanted to turn back. She didn't want to be here. Anywhere but here. Hell, who was she kidding, she wanted to be here, but she knew it wasn't good for her. Strong confident women didn't chase men who didn't want them. Who looked at her like a little sister.

Then she remembered Beckett’s smug face as he’d said let the best man win. He really thought he was a shoe-in for the job, just because he could smile and charm his way out of anything. Well, this was her job, and she wasn’t backing down from it. Squaring her shoulders, she rang the doorbell. “I have a job to win."

“Come on in, Ricca." Beckett's deep voice came from behind the door. Probably from the kitchen. "See if you can find somewhere to sit. Want a drink?"

She let herself in, barely managing to maneuver around the box of files. “Wine is good, if you still have that Moscato.” Her taste in wine left something to be desired, as she only actually liked the sweet stuff. “I brought the files of my past romance fantasies for the last year. I thought we could go through them, see if there’s anything that’s reusable.” As was her habit, she sauntered into his living room, which was a combo of contemporary-meets-bachelor pad, and dropped the box on the coffee table.”

“Good idea,” he called from the kitchen.

“I figure these guys have enough money to do pretty much anything they like, so we have to think out of the box here. You’ve only ever handled adventure clients. And my experience with adventure clients is minimal. Usually someone wants to base-jump off of some building. We need to figure out how to meld our experience into one master fantasy.”

“I guess I should have thought about that—going through our previous playbook. You always were a planner. Sma—” Beckett sauntered into the living room holding a beer for himself and a glass of wine for her. He froze in the arched doorway between the kitchen and the living room. Ricca held back a bark of laughter, only by the force of sheer will. Beckett actually looked like he was having a seizure, blinking, twitching, and shaking his head a couple of times.

She tipped her lips up into a smile. “This isn’t one of those things you can wing unfortunately.”

“W-w-what are you wearing?” His eyes were wide, and his expression mirrored a deer caught in headlights.

Ricca stared down at her at herself, then back up at him. “Clothes.”

“Someone’s a comedian. I mean why are your clothes so….” His voice trailed off.

Ricca stared at him, daring him to mutter one word about her appearance. She could play it tough, but she didn't need him ridiculing her appearance. “So what?”

“D-d-different? I don’t think I’ve seen you in anything other than sweats when we’re watching a game.”

“I went shopping with the girls. Mixing it up a little.” Not in the mood to slash open this particular wound, she added, “You ready to get to work?

Her whole life, she’d listened to her mother’s version of what a lady should be and look like and act like. The tiny criticisms about her hair and her body. None of that mattered now. She was in control. That was where her power was.

Ricca straightened and smirked at Beckett. Serena had been right—he didn’t stand a chance. She wouldn’t be running after him begging for scraps of attention, hoping someone would take notice of her and her work. She would demand it. This job was hers.

****

Beckett stared at Ricca as she laid out the file folders. He knew his brain had sent the command to his body to move, but his feet didn’t. He could only stare as the scent of her perfume tickled his nose. His body went rock hard. Damn it. He recognized the scent as something she always wore, but now it seemed stronger—like it was meant to entice and torture him.

Gritting his teeth, he lurched into action like Frankenstein. All he had to do was focus on the work at hand. Make a little small-talk about the game and try not to think about how the thin fabric of her top molded to her breasts. He had to somehow manage to keep his eyes on her face. How hard can that be? Not like that was a hardship to look at her face. Her skin glowed, and she wore the barest hint of makeup, but she wore some. She usually never wore make up. Blood pooled in his groin, and he bit on his lip to keep from moaning.

“Beckett, you coming? This could take all night at this rate. What’s wrong with you?”

The last thing he needed to think about was the two of them spending all night doing anything. Let alone what he really wanted to do with her. “Right. Nothing. I’m going to get a beer.” Never mind that he already had one in his hands.

Striding to the fridge, he yanked the door open, hoping the cold air would cool him off. “C’mon man. Get a grip. This is Ricca. She’s not that kind of girl,” he mumbled to himself.

He had to get over the preoccupation his brain had with her since that kiss. She outclassed him by miles and didn’t deserve the kind of fantasies he was having about her. He’d keep them to himself and figure it out. After all, Ricca was his friend. A friend he wanted to keep. Job or not, and despite what she thought about his scruples. He wanted to win this job fair and square with something he didn’t have much experience with. Integrity.

It took him another five minutes before he joined Ricca in the living room. She’d spread out piles of paper and taped up her world map she always used for planning meetings. She’d also turned the game on mute. When he walked in, she was hunched over some files and playing with her hair. He suddenly had a flashback to college. When they’d been much closer friends. Back when she thought he could do no wrong. In those days, he’d always thought they’d eventually date or something.

But things had changed three years ago. After Braedon. Almost like she’d lumped him in with his brother. They’d been friends, just not as close as they’d once been. With her love of sports, they’d immediately bonded by swapping stats and scores. Hell, they’d spent every waking minute together, and several sleeping ones too, as they’d passed out in his bed or hers, studying. Nothing had ever happened with them—until that stupid kiss.

He picked up one of the files and sank into his leather chair at the opposite end of the room. “So how do you think we’re going to meld our two skill sets?”

She raised an eyebrow as he sat but didn’t comment on his choice of location. “I’m not sure yet. I thought of doing something with Fire and Ice, but that’s just so played. Besides, I don’t think either one of them enjoys the cold. They don’t strike me as the climbing Everest together kind of couple.”

Beckett considered for a moment, then smirked at the idea of Lila roughing it at Basecamp One. She’d never make it. “You’re right about that.”

“I’d thought about a desert theme, but we have the same problem, desert usually equals harsh and inhospitable. While inhospitable is good for an adventure trek from Capetown to Marrakesh, it’s not ideal for romance.”

He grinned. “What, you don’t find sweltering heat, occasional civil war-torn areas, and uncertain terrain particularly romantic?”

She wrinkled her nose. “I’ve done a few adventure treks. Not my cup of tea. Though I’d love to do another Back to Roots Fantasy. I loved the one we did in Gabon, Ghana, and Nigeria.”

They batted around several more unsuccessful ideas over a couple of beers and took turns shouting at the television when their respective teams got fouls. Beckett shook his head. “Our only option is to loosely tie together the fantasies with some down time in between. There’s no way to find a common theme. He’s your typical want-to-be adventurer, who now has money and wants to see how the other half lives. She’d be happy shopping on the Champs Eylysee.”

Ricca’s eyes went wide. “That’s it! Well, not exactly it. Lila’s a little deeper than that. But you just gave me an idea.” Ricca ran up to the map with Post-its and scribbled frantically.

“Want to fill me in?”

She whipped around, causing her shirt to lift and show more belly, and he winced. He’d been sitting so still, trying to get his body to behave, that he’d nearly frozen that way. He did not need to think about her belly and the cinnamon expanse of skin. Last. Thing. He. Needed.

“Our theme will be driving through the sands of time. To signify their union and their anniversary. As well as the landscape for their adventure.”

He frowned. “I thought you agreed the desert was inhospitable.”

She smirked, and it was all he could do not to salivate as he stared at her lips. “It is. Unless you can find an oasis. I’m thinking we start with some kind of road trek. You know, like the guys on Top Gear always do. Maybe some insane race. Roberto’s a car nut. For the romance angles, there are some amazing desert spas all over the world. I’m thinking we can do a globetrotting round of adventures, each with a little down time over the course of several weeks. All leading up to their actual anniversary, where we do a modified harem adventure. She’s big into historical romance. The stuff of sheiks and bodice rippers.”

He blinked at her. Shit, she was good. There was a reason clients kept coming back to work with her. He cleared his throat as he tried to contribute something useful. Finally, his brain clicked into gear. “I like it. We could do a Paris to Dakar Rally race to start.”

Ricca’s eyes went wide. “Yes! That’s perfect, and there’s this amazing spa in Namibia. It’s where Angelina Jolie goes to relax. So they can spend a few days there for down time.”

Her excitement was infectious. “We can also do camel rides and the full tent sheik theme. So from the sounds of it, sounds like we’re traveling counter clockwise so far. Where do you want to end?”

“I’m thinking we can end in Marrakesh. There’s this palace there a prince built for the love of his life. We’ve used it before.” She clapped her hands. We can also use the deserts of Arizona for the best stargazing. Since she’s all about the alignment of stars and stuff. She thinks the two of them meeting was fate.”

“Shit. Great idea. Then after here, we can go to Dubai for the full party scape, then to Marrakesh to close.”

She giggled. “Around the world in eighty days, using the sands of time to bind and unify their love. Well less than eighty days, but you get the idea.”

“Holy shit. Did you just come up with that?”

She nodded. “Yep. Who do you think writes a lot of the romance fantasy slogans?”

He blinked at her. The next words were out of his mouth before he could recall them. “You shouldn’t let Angel get to you. Serena either. Angel’s spoiled and knows she’s deficient, so she deliberately tried to make you feel bad. Serena only cares about what’s going to make her look good.”

Ricca dropped into the couch and wrapped her arms around herself. “I’ve been dealing with women like her all my life. It’s no big deal.”

Irritation skimmed his skin. “It is a big deal. I know Zach overlooks your work because he’s not paying attention. I know it’s not fair. I also know it’s not fair to you that you have to compete with me for this gig. We both know you’ve got more experience. Doesn’t change the fact that I want this job pretty bad. But I promise you I’ll play fair. Give credit where it’s due. I’m not going play dirty.”

She met his gaze, then darted hers to her lap. “I…uh. I appreciate that. I really want this job too. I’ve worked hard for it.”

He pondered for a minute before he said anything. “How about we both do the best job we can and see what happens? No funny business.”

For the first time all night, she gave him a genuine Ricca smile. “You have a deal.”





Chapter Nine


Now or never. Ricca sucked in a deep breath, or rather as deep a breath as the corseted blouse would allow. Looking down at herself, she almost chickened out. The red, Betsy Johnson, corseted wrap blouse strained against her breasts, and her cups damn near runneth over. Her slim pencil skirt with the thigh-high slit forced her to walk with a swing in her hips.

She felt—sexy. Before evil-Angel-must-die day, sexy was the last thing she’d have been looking for. Now, it kind of felt—amazing. Micha had picked out a slew of clothes that were body conscious and provocative without being so over the top and revealing. It sure did help when one of your best friends ran a fashion and entertainment magazine.

Pausing for a moment before she opened the door to the conference room, Ricca tipped up her chin, plastered a bright smile on her face, and shook out her hair. “Game on.”

Three things happened simultaneously as she opened the door. Zach, who was in the middle of a conversation with Serena did a literal double take and gawked, going so far as to have his jaw unhinge. Serena’s eyes bugged open, then she gave Ricca a secret smile and an approving nod. And Angel caught one look at Ricca and coughed her mocha latte all over her Gucci, winter-white, leather pants.

Ricca smirked to herself. Really, who was wearing leather these days? And any self-respecting woman with a real body wouldn’t have been caught dead in white pants. Leather or otherwise.

Ricca retained her smile and forced her usual cheery, ”Good morning, everyone,” out of her lips. Only a couple of people returned the greeting. The rest just stared.

She picked one of the last few empty seats and made it a point to look everyone in the eye. Prison rules—just like Micha said. Meet everyone in the eye and let them know you are unafraid.

Emily Reed actually gave Ricca a genuine smile, eye crinkle and all. “You look great,” she whispered. “Is that the new Betsy Johnson blouse?”

Ricca smiled and nodded. “A friend went to the show in New York and snagged me one.”

“Really cute.” Emily turned back to her notepad, all the while dodging the death glares from Angel.

Had Ricca misjudged the lot of them based on Angel and her colossal bitchiness? Go figure.

Late as usual, Beckett sauntered in at two minutes after nine, gave his boys his usual what up nod, and scanned the room for an empty seat. When his gaze met Ricca’s, he gave her his usual sunny smile, but it immediately darkened the moment his eyes roamed lower, landing at full-blown scowl.

Thanks to his tardiness, there were only two available seats. One next to her, and the other next to Angel. He plunked himself down beside Ricca and grunted, “Hey.” But he didn’t look at her.

Fine by her.

As the meeting commenced, Ricca paid her usual studious attention, but every now and again, the hair on her neck stood at attention, and she’d look up to find one of the adventure boys openly gawking at her.

More than once it was Zach, a couple of times it was Carter. Even Tim from Accounting slid her a glance once or twice. Even the women stared at her with curiosity, or in Angel’s case, blatant contemp. Not one of them was paying attention to the meeting. Is this what Serena had been talking about when she mentioned commanding a room?

At one point, Beckett nudged Ricca’s notepad and sent her pen rolling to the floor. Before she could even bend down to pick it up, both Carter and Tim were on their feet, offering her a pen and simultaneously bending to pick up hers.

Holy cow. Was this what Serena had been talking about? ‘Cause she could get used to this. The job was hers for the taking.

****

Beckett’s body ached from exertion, and his mind was groggy from too little sleep. But last night had been worth it with Ricca. In those lost hours when they’d been working together, he’d felt like he did in the old days. They’d had fun and come up with a kick ass plan for the Master Fantasy. As long as he managed to stop from thinking about how she tasted, he’d be fine.

Except, his ears perked up at the click-clack of heels in the office next door. She was back from lunch. As the sound drew nearer to the door, he held his breath. He’d already seen her side-show act in the morning meeting, and he was in no mood to get another round of sexy Ricca. He didn’t have time to go and grab a cold shower.

But his body was already starting to remind him of its fifteen-year-old self, when he could only think about Sarah Lawrence and her short cheerleading skirts. This time, his mind could only think about Ricca Monroe and her slit-to-here skirt and fuck-me shoes that gave him all kinds of ideas about Ricca on his desk.

Every time she passed his office, she flashed her sunny smile, and he groaned. Those lips of hers made Monica Bellucci's look as thin as paper, and she'd topped them with something pink and tasty looking. Hell. What the fuck was wrong with him? He ran his hands through his hair, trying to get his mind on the game and on the project.

Ricca had already turned his brain to mush. This morning, it looked like she’d done the same with every other Y-chromosome in the building. The hair, the clothes, the makeup—it was all as if she’d morphed into the cinnamon version of Jessica Rabbit. With every shy smile and sashay across a room, the guys in the office had been dropping like flies. He’d already had to verbally flog two of the adventure guys for skulking around his office door, trying to get a look at her.

A brief knock had him snapping his head up, hoping for Ricca. Instead, Carter, one of his adventure fantasy planners stood waiting—nowhere near as good.

“Hey, man, you wanted to see me?”

Beckett waved him in. “Yeah, Carter, have a seat.“ As soon as Carter parked it, Beckett started running through their plan. “Okay, so Ricca and I came up with a template for the fantasy. But this whole thing hinges on the Paris to Dakar race.”

Carter blew out a low whistle. “My dad did that once. Told me some guy almost lost his life when his car flipped. It’s a wicked race though.”

“Tell me about it. Jaya’s husband had planned to do it before they got together. But he’s rethinking it a little.” Beckett had never really warmed to Alec. He and Jaya had been so close before Mr. Most Eligible Bachelor had rolled into the picture. It wasn’t like he hated the guy, but they weren’t buddies.

“So you want me and the team working on logistics?”

Beckett shook his head. “Not yet. I want you getting us into that race. Ricca pointed out that registration was already closed. And the entries are already full. I need you to pull some strings and get a couple of cars in there.” Carter’s mother had been a diplomat for the UK since he was a kid. Their combined connections had helped the adventure team on more than one occasion.

Carter frowned. “They’ll never let Roberto drive, you know that, right? He has no racing experience. Best we can get is for him to be a navigator.”

“Already ahead of you there. I’ll be his driver.”

“Hoo—oly shit. Are you serious?”

“Not my first rodeo, so to speak. And certainly not my first rally car race. We also need to get another two cars in there. One for logistics, and one for filming.”

Carter shook his head, but grinned. “You don’t ask for much, do you?”

“Not really. Ricca’s insistent that the fantasy won’t be the same without this race, and I’m inclined to agree with her. We need to get in.”

“I’m on it. We’ll see what we can pull off. As you know, they haven’t done the Paris-Dakar leg in those countries for years.”

“Yeah, it’s in Brazil this year. Doesn’t really go with our theme.” He mulled it over for a minute. “Can you find me a good alternative in case it won’t work?”

“Will do.” Carter glanced around, presumably to make sure no one was walking past the open door. “Speaking of Ricca—what the hell happened to her? Holy hell, man, I thought my tongue was going to fall out of my mouth in this morning’s meeting.”

Beckett narrowed his eyes. He didn’t like the new direction of their conversation. He opted for nonchalance. “I hadn’t noticed.”

“What are you? Dead? Shit, man. I thought I’d need to go home for a change of clothes."

Beckett frowned. Not like he was jealous or anything. He and Ricca were just friends. He cleared his throat. “Don’t be a pig, Carter."

Carter made a mock innocent face. "Who, me? I'm not being a pig. I'm just noticing her, er, beauty, for the first time."

Blood simmered under Beckett’s skin. “Watch your mouth.”

Carter held up his hands. “Right. Sorry. I know she’s like your kid sister or something.”Or something. “What’s the big deal? You’ve seen Ricca a million times.”

“But not looking like she did today. God, if I’d known she had that kind of body under that, I’d have asked her out a year ago.”

Beckett tried to put the words coming out of Carter’s mouth with Ricca, and a misty red haze crossed over his field of vision. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse. “Dude. Back off of Ricca.”

Carter closed his eyes and shook his head. "I don’t know who gave her the makeover, but I could kiss them and give them my salary for a year. She looks hot."

Beckett clenched his jaw. Ricca did look beautiful. The way her new clothes fit her body and showed off her curves was a revelation. But he felt like a lecher. And so should Carter. "You’re only interested now because she's showing skin. You never noticed her before."

"Of course I noticed her. She's sweet. And always brought my favorite cake for my birthday. Is it my fault that now I'm noticing her body too? She should never have been hiding under those conservative outfits."

“Are you done yet?” Beckett asked through clenched teeth.

Carter raised an eyebrow as he chuckled. “Seriously man? You’re kidding me right? I never pegged you as having a thing for her. She’s not exactly your type.”

“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?”

“You tend to prefer twiggy models. Me?” He angled his head. “I like a woman with more meat on her bones. And Ricca—wow. Who knew she was hiding all that under those layers? You think she’ll go out with me?”

“She’s not a slab of meat.”

"She's a person, Carter," Carter mimicked Beckett in a sing song voice. "Holier than thou, my ass. You want a piece too, I can tell. The way you've been all moody around her and crowding her at the staff meetings."

Beckett's hands clasped together in a grip so tight his knuckles cracked with the effort to stay together. Carter was a pig. So are you. But he was less of a pig than Carter was. At least he wasn't trying to get in Ricca’s pants. His dick jerked in response. Okay, well at least his brain wasn’t trying to get in her pants. His body had other ideas. Half of him would be noble. Could be noble.

Beckett deliberately placed his pen on his notepad. “Your first order of business is to get us into that race. Your next order of business is to stay the fuck away from her. You hear me?” He leaned back in his chair and pinned Carter with a look icy enough to freeze.

Carter shifted under the scrutiny and eventually stood. “I’ll do my job. I’ll pull the strings needed and get us into the race. But let’s be clear—you don’t have a say over my personal life. If you want to go out with her, you can ask her yourself.”

Carter had a good point there. Maybe it was bullshit to think he and Ricca could be friends.





Chapter Ten


“I like the new look.”

Ricca whirled around from her dying hydrangea plant. She wobbled in her borrowed, moxy-giving, Calvin Klein shoes and almost took a spill but righted herself quickly. Fake it till you make it. Fake it till you make it. Fake it till you make it. “Carter Sykes. To what do I owe this surprise?”

“What? I can’t come talk to a beautiful woman?”

Ricca knew the charm offensive. She’d seen guys like Beckett and Carter use it to lure women out of their panties all their lives. With his angled jaw and sunny smile, Carter was handsome but still approachable. The warmth in his honey-brown eyes always came across. Or rather, he was a really good manipulator.

“You only ever come in here to butter me up with your birthday cake request. And your birthday isn’t till March, so what do you want?”

His lips tipped up in a sheepish grin. “Ouch. You make me sound like—what did you call Angel and her frienemies crew the other day? One of the plastics.”

“If the moniker fits…” She let her voice trail off.

“Again, with the zingers. Looks like you’ve got a new attitude to go with the new look. But I kind of want to take out the girl who always makes my favorite devil’s food chocolate cake for my birthday. I think she’s sweet.”

“Hm. And tell me, why have you never asked her out before, if you thought she was so sweet?”

“Because she’s been sending pretty clear I’m in love with Beckett Mills vibes until recently. And I’d like to get my shot before that goes away and she thinks he walks on water again.” He paused and gave her a full smile. “Besides, I’m glad you’re finally showing how gorgeous you are.”

Ricca blinked up at him, trying to discern the truth. He was an excellent liar. It made him a good actor in fantasies when they were down a model and needed someone to step in. “You run that line of bullshit by every woman you meet?”

Carter blinked once, twice, and then barked out a laugh. “Wow. Guilty as charged. But only a little. You are beautiful. It’ll be a wonder if they don’t ask you to stand in as a model, if someone has a Selma Hayek fantasy.”

Ricca rolled her eyes and leaned forward on her desk. “Cut the crap, Carter. What do you really want? I’ve got a couple sweet sixteens, a debutant ball, a proposal, and this Master Fantasy to plan that could mean a new job for me, so I don’t really have ti—”

A thought occurred to her. Carter had just been in Beckett’s office. Beckett had said last night he would play fair. But maybe he’d been lying. “I don’t know what your game is, but I’m not in the mood for it. You really expect me to believe you actually want to go out with me?”

Carter frowned. “Look, Ricca. Okay yeah, I get how this seems suspect. But there’s no agenda, I promise. You’re obviously trying something new, and I’m paying attention, that’s all. I wasn’t sent in here to spy or anything. Besides, Beckett gave me the impression that both teams would be working together on this fantasy.”

Ricca studied him, unsure of what to say. She also found it amusing that his gaze never drifted below her neck. The mark of someone deliberately putting effort in to not look. “Look, Carter—”

“Say yes. It’s just dinner, and you’ve got to eat anyway.” He grinned at her.

She opened her mouth to say no, but something about his puppy dog eyes made her think twice. “Okay fine, dinner.”

He grinned again, and she couldn’t help but grin back. He’d never really been her type. Too much like a fraternity guy. But he seemed sincere. Besides, he had a point. It was just dinner.

“So anything you don’t like to eat or do?”

Wow, he was all into this. “No, I’m pretty flexible.”

His eyes widened, and he gave her a lascivious smirk. “God, I hope so.”

She rolled her eyes. “Get out before I change my mind.”

After he left her office, her phone rang. Picking it up, she said, “Hi, Jaya.”

“Hey, I’m dying to know how the new look went over.”

“Well, Angel hated it, but that was to be expected.”

“Such a mean girl.”

“No argument there. Zach wouldn’t stop staring at me, and I got asked on a date.”

“Woohoo, Beckett finally got his nerve up. So what are we going to wear? This mi—”

“Um no. Negative on the Beckett front.”

Her friend went silent for two beats. “Oh. Okay, then who?”

“You remember Carter Sykes? He was on the San Diego most eligible list, right behind Alec. Number five, or something.”

“Oh yeah, I remember meeting him. So what, he just upped and asked you out today?”

“Yeah. Weird huh?”

“No. Not weird that he asked you. I’m sure you raised the temperature around that office by at least several hundred degrees. I’ve never heard you talk about him before.”

“Yeah, he’s kind of a player. Ever since that most eligible list came out, I’ve seen him with all kinds of women. Not my usual type.”

“Sounds like you’re not even interested. Then why are you going out with him?”

“Well, I gotta eat, right? And he seemed sincere. Besides, I haven’t been on a first date in over a year. I’d better get some practice if I want to get back in the market again.”

“Hm. Okay. You deserve a little rebound date, I guess. So what are you going to tell Beckett?”

“What do you mean what am I going to tell Beckett? It’s none of his business who I date.”

Jaya broke into the same Patti Labelle song they’d all been humming as they went shopping. “Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh. You got a new attitude.”

“What is it that Micha always says? If you want something, you have to make it happen. Waiting on someone or something is a surefire way to make sure you don’t get what you want.”

Jaya chuckled. “Are you really taking dating advice from Micha? You were there when we hid in her apartment watching Caleb strut his stuff half-naked. Does that seem like the woman who has it all figured out? We’re all trying to make it through, hon. Micha is right—you do have to go after what you want. I just don’t think Carter is it. Did you make your pro/con lists?”

Ricca had to smile. Good Old Jaya and her go-to decision making process. “I’m good. I’ve decided to go out with him. I’ve got nothing to lose, right? Besides, he’s cute. And I just got dumped. So like Micha says, best way to get over someone is to get under someone else. And if you’re so worried about me telling Beckett, I’ll tell him right now. He’s lurking in my doorway.”

“Oh. Yeah. Good luck with that.”

****

“Tell me you're not actually going to go out with that moron?"

"Don't you know how to knock? And it seems that you already have the answer to that question, if you're in my office bitching about it."

She wobbled in her heels as she came around her desk, and he had to school the twitch in his lips. She didn't normally wear heels. An ex had once told him what a hassle it was wearing brand new heels on carpet.

"Ricca, do me a solid and don’t go out with that guy."

She threw up her arms. "Are you serious, right now? You're telling me not to go out with him. Why?"

"Because he's a prick, and he's only noticing you because you’re showing so much—" His brain filled out the rest of his sentence but his mouth knew better.

"Showing so much what?"

"Skin," he muttered. "He's just not right for you."

"I'm not trying to marry the guy. It's dinner. What's with you? First, you go all protective, big brother on Jaya when she started dating Alec. Now me. I was serious when I said we weren’t little ducklings. I have a mother, okay? And you're not my brother."

Damn right he wasn't. "Why do you want to go out with him? Why can't you just date some nice guy who will treat you right?"

"Because I thought I had a nice guy. But then he dumped me on a night I had been planning for weeks.” She folded her arms over her ample chest. "Tell me. What the hell does it matter? Why do you care?"

His brain stuttered. Why? Why? Why? Because I think you're beautiful. Because I can't get the feel of your lips out of my head. Because I want to kiss you again so badly that I'm willing to kill for it. He couldn't say any of that. Instead, he said, "Because."

"Because what? Just tell me. Then maybe you can stop acting like a Neanderthal. Why are you dancing around me like a caged animal? How do we get back to where we were? We can't keep doing this."

"You’re right about that, so maybe you could stop running around looking like sex on a stick and focus on this fantasy. It's distracting as hell." His heart thudded, and the roar of blood drowned out thought.

Ricca raised an eyebrow and stalked over to him, hands on her hips. “Sorry to distract you. What are you going to do about it?"

She moved into his space, and her lemony scent wafted into his nostrils. She smelled soft and warm and delicious. His hands itched to run through her hair. He'd been dying to play with the loose strands ever since last night at his place.

"Oh, fuck it." He dragged her against him, dipping his head toward hers. This decision would be deliberate, and there would be no going back. His mouth hovered over her lips, and he felt her hot harsh breaths as she exhaled. With every breath, her breasts swelled against his chest. His eyes darted to her lips, and he watched, fascinated as her tongue peeked out to moisten them.

He lost the battle with himself. His body jerked at the electric shock when their lips met. She tasted just like he remembered. Sweet with a hint of spice. With a surprised gasp, she parted her lips, and he took the opening she gave him.

She dug her fingers into his shirt and pulled him forward. Backing her up, Beckett lifted her until she sat on her desk. Cupping her face, he held her tight as he devoured her and their tongues danced.

The sharp knock at Ricca’s door made them spring apart. Eyes wide, they stared at each other, both breathing heavily. Beckett straightened. "That's why." On shaky legs, he staggered out of her office.





Chapter Eleven


Beckett loved the smell of exhaust in the morning—not as much as ocean breezes, when he surfed, but what could he say, he was a total gear head. He suited up in his fire-proof suit and surveyed the throngs of other drivers. Every man and woman from across the world with a death wish and enough cash was here trying for a title. Carter hadn’t been able to swing Paris-Dakar. Even with all his connections, they were closed to new entries. So they’d gone for the Montezuma run. Starting in Cancun and running up north along the coast and inland.

Beckett watched the team working on the car like a hawk. Rally car racing was no joke on an ordinary day. This would be a hell of a ride, and he had a billionaire to take care of. Hundreds of teams from over fifty-one different countries. His primary focus was to keep Roberto safe, then to have some fun.

Against the orders of command central, his eyes also roved the crowd for Ricca. After he’d kissed her in her office a couple of weeks ago, she’d gone right along pretending like it had never happened. It drove him bat shit crazy. Even today, as she sported a skin-tight racing suit, his blood hummed and his body ached just from looking at her. Focus on the fucking race, ass-wipe.

Beckett dragged his eyes off of Ricca’s ass and was striding toward the car, when Serena stepped in his way. She tilted her head back to look up at him. “Change of plans,” she said. “Roberto’s driving today.”

Beckett scowled. “Bullshit.” He stepped around the couple and kept moving. “You have to be kidding. Roberto has never driven a rally car before, let alone even qualified for this race. You let him drive, and you’re putting him at risk. Not to mention we had to scramble to even get me into this race. They’ll never let him drive.”

Serena trailed behind him, taking two steps for every one of his. “Not the bullshit, Beckett. The truth. He wants to drive. I talked to Lila, and this will be the way to really get him into it. Not only is he paying handsomely for the privilege, he’s also contributing heavily to the race organizers. It’s a done deal. ”

He stopped and glared at her. “He bought the race? Why would you let him do this? I thought they were friends of yours.”

“They are. That’s why you’re going to make sure he doesn’t get hurt. I’m counting on you.” She shrugged. “That’s what happens when you have that kind of money. He can do as he likes.”

Beckett could only stare at Serena as she strode off. Her latest announcement just made everything so much more dangerous. Not only that, it meant he wouldn’t be able to survey the car. Only the driver and the pit teams had access to the car before the race. And probability was high that Roberto didn’t know a thing about cars. Beckett trusted the pit crew, but he’d never entered a race where he didn’t do some checks himself, and this made him nervous.

Not a damn thing he could do about it now.

When he found Roberto, the guy was hugging a barrel and dry heaving. “How are you doing? You ready for this?”

Roberto lifted his head, and while his eyes were lit with anticipation, his pallor was a little green. As it should be. People had died attempting this trip.

“Fine, fine,” Roberto muttered, but his eyes darted back and forth, back and forth.

Beckett smiled through clenched teeth and tried to peer at the mechanics behind Roberto, who were working on the car. “Relax. It’s your first Rally. We’re not going to go crazy. Our priority is your safety. Your priority needs to be having fun. When we pitched this to your wife, she was so excited for you to try something like this.” This was not the pitch they’d made to Lila. She didn’t seem the type to give in to her husband, and she was the client in charge of this fantasy. Zach or Serena must have pushed the idea. But why?

A fleeting grin passed over Roberto’s face. “You’re right. I just feel like the kid in line at an amusement park. Eager but a little scared too.” He eyed the barrel. “Maybe more than a little scared.”

“You’re supposed to be a little scared. If you weren’t, that would be a really bad sign.”

Beckett left Roberto and the rest of the pit crew to get ready. He grabbed his pads and ran through the checklist one more time. Rally runs were dangerous. He didn’t want any mistakes. He’d spent a couple summers growing up working in his uncle’s car dealership and he’d loved learning about the inner workings of the cars. That training helped in fantasies like this. That and Zach and Serena had all the action fantasy guys take all kinds of stunt driving classes and wilderness training.

From one of the side mirrors, Beckett saw Carter come up behind him. “Everything ready, B.?”

Normally, Beckett didn’t mind the nickname or Carter. But given the circumstances, he had to fight hard not to sneer. “Yeah, we’re good.” Looking over his door-less, Mini Cooper, he smiled. Maybe they even had a chance of placing in this event.

He cut through the bullshit. “What do you need?”

Carter leveled him a look. “I guess you heard the news?”

“Yeah, nothing to do about it. I just need the revised work-up on the cars to avoid. He’ll never make it at the front of the pack.” He muttered a curse under his breath.

Carter shrugged. “Don’t shoot the messenger.”

Except he wanted to shoot Carter. He’d have a real problem if he couldn’t get his mind in the game to navigate.

An hour later, ten rows back from the head of the race, Beckett strapped himself into the passenger side with his planning guide of the best route. He tried to force his brain to switch gears and enjoy the ride, but he couldn’t focus. Riding shotgun wasn’t his style. More than that, he knew what last minute changes could do. They hadn’t planned for this contingency.

“Would you relax, Beckett? This is going to be fun.”

Roberto’s smile was infectious, and he no longer looked ready to hurl. He appeared to be having a ball. For a brief second, Beckett exhaled. Maybe everything would be fine. All he had to do was keep the client alive. How hard could that be?

As Roberto gunned the engine for a start, and they jostled to life along the bumpy road, Beckett smiled. Nothing like a rally race in the morning to get the blood flowing.

Teeth clattering together, Beckett navigated and gave Roberto his best options for a route. More than once, Beckett thought he’d bit through his mouth guard. But they did well. Home base kept shouting instructions through their ear pieces about position and who was coming up on their rear. Roberto kept yowling with each bump and grinning like an idiot.

The moment Beckett started to relax was when they got slammed from behind. Roberto’s hands clamped around the steering wheel, and Beckett watched as the muscles in the guy’s jaw worked. “Hang on. You are in control. This is your car. You can recover from the tap. Just keep in cont—”

Suddenly, the car pitched forward again, and Roberto was no longer in control of the wheel, but rather fighting with his seat holster. A string of Italian words flew out of his mouth. Beckett didn’t understand the language, but from the tone, something was really wrong.

Beckett grabbed hold of the steering wheel, trying to control the front end of the buggy while they careened downhill. In his side mirror, he watched as car after car made the turn and headed uphill through the rest of the course. “Roberto, hit the brakes.”

Roberto’s eyes bugged, and he darted his gaze between Beckett and the steering wheel, then back again. He pumped the brakes, but they only picked up more speed as they continued downhill. Road debris jostled the car and sliced Beckett’s arms as he held on for the ride.

“Roberto, down shift. Now!” As Beckett alternated between calling out instructions and radioing home base, he searched for something that would provide them and easier landing. A quarter mile ahead, he saw the rolling hills to the right.

Beckett grabbed onto the steering wheel and aimed right for them. He’d rather wreck the car than take a chance and wreck them both. As Beckett cranked up the emergency brake, Roberto white knuckled the steering wheel. The next thirty seconds went by so quickly, Beckett had no time to think.

Roberto cursed beside him, and the only warning Beckett had was the right shoulder harness flapping. Fuck. Roberto’s harness had come undone. “Hold on to the brace bar!” Beckett shouted.

Roberto did as he was told, but the brace bar wasn’t enough. They hit a bump in the road, and the top half of Roberto’s body jerked out of the buggy. “Fuck. Grab my arm.”

The other man wasn’t big, but at the speed they were going, when Roberto snaked his tan hands around Beckett’s arm, it felt like over a hundred pounds of dead weight yanking on his shoulder. Pain radiated in the joint as sweat poured down Becektt’s face. The emergency brake was helping, but it only stopped the rear wheels, and they were still picking up speed. How the hell was he going to crash land them without killing Roberto and sending the guy flying?

Beckett could feel the sweat on Roberto’s palms as they slid on his arms, and he tried for purchase. Beckett met Roberto’s frozen stare with a hard one. “Listen to me, man. You’re not going to die. I won’t let that happen. I’m not letting you go.”

Beckett tried again to yank Roberto back to a sitting position, but no luck. The guy was already two thirds of the way out of the seat, and without leverage, Beckett couldn’t make that happen.

As they got closer to the grassy hills, Beckett veered hard to the right. The car slowed as they hit the grass. He aimed right for the center hill, then let the steering wheel go. With his other arm, he reached for Roberto. “Here, grab my other hand. I have to pull you in before we land this bitch!” he shouted.

But Roberto shook his head from side to side. “Can’t, let go.” The Italian’s eyes locked on Beckett. Beckett knew the look of someone who knew they were about to die. He’d seen it on his mother before she passed away. He wasn’t going to let someone else die on his watch. If Roberto wasn’t going to take his other arm, then Beckett had no choice but to pull him in with his one arm.

Beckett checked their distance to the hill—about thirty feet. Wrapping his right hand around the brace bar, he gritted his teeth. Fifteen feet. He made sure his knees were at a ninety degree angle. Ten feet. He ignored the pain in his shoulder, held his breath, and yanked. Five feet. A foot to go, and Beckett slammed his teeth together, pulling with everything he had.





Chapter Twelve


Ricca tapped an impatient foot as she watched Beckett sleep. She pretty much hadn’t left his side since Mexico. Right after the crash, everything had been so chaotic. When the distress call had come, she’d wanted to be with the first responders, but she’d had to stay behind and do some PR of the, No, we don’t know what possibly could have happened variety. And the, Of course we’re sending out best responders to the scene, dance. And the pat-pat, rub-rub with Lila.

When the medical team had brought Beckett and Roberto back, she’d been nearly as sick with worry as Lila was. Seeing Beckett on that stretcher made her forget how angry she was at him for kissing her. For challenging her. In that moment, she didn’t care about their confused relationship. She’d only wanted him to be okay. He could have been killed in that crash.

The Ambulance had taken both Beckett and Roberto to the local hospital, and Roberto had been airlifted back to San Diego, though by the looks of him, he’d be fine. No need to risk any other mishaps by keeping him in Mexico any longer. Beckett appeared to be fine as well. Well, mostly fine. He’d dislocated his shoulder and had a mild concussion. But from what she could understand of the rapid fire Spanish the med team had prattled at her, he was lucky to have survived and would be fine.

They’d sedated him and put him on a flight back home. Now, as she watched his chest rise and fall, she thought about what she’d say to him. Of all the irresponsible things—to let a client drive when they were unfamiliar with the terrain. Serena had insisted that Roberto would be fine, and Beckett had acquiesced because they’d had no choice. But honestly, Ricca thought he should have fought harder. Roberto had no business driving a course that dangerous. And he hadn’t even covered the first rule of safety—to check all harnesses. But Beckett had been there. Why hadn’t he checked?

She scrubbed her hands down her face. She needed a break. For the last four days, she had taken shifts with Caleb, Micha, and Jaya to watch over him and see if he needed any help. Lila and Roberto had even called several times to see how he was doing. Roberto felt terrible and kept going on about how Beckett had saved his life.

Tears pricked Ricca’s eyes, and she rapidly blinked them away. No point crying for a man who didn’t want her. No point watching the pot either. She’d finish cooking dinner, then get back home and finish up the preliminaries for the next fantasy for Lila and Roberto. While still a little shaken, Roberto was just as enthusiastic about all the fantasies. In particular, he wanted Lila’s first to be over the top romantic. Ricca just hoped Lila’s would be far less adventurous than Roberto’s had been.

Standing up and stretching her legs, Ricca snuck one last look at Beckett’s sleeping form. He could have died. A small shudder stole up her back. He could have died, and she’d never told him how she felt. No, don’t be an idiot. Just because she was playing Florence Nightingale for him didn’t mean he had dirty nurse fantasies about her.

Padding into his kitchen, she stirred the curry on the stove. He loved curry. The food should last him a couple of days till he could cook on his own. Who was she kidding? She loved cooking for him, taking care of him. Oh fantastic. She’d turned into a Stepford wife. Too smothering, just like Charles had said.

“Get a grip, Ricca,” she mumbled to herself.

With no desire to commune with her own thoughts, she turned the CD player in the kitchen on to low. The smooth calypso sounds on Beckett’s iPod made her smile. She’d turned him onto some new artists. For a moment, she let the soft music flow into her soul.

With little effort, she slipped into a mild dance as she cooked. No matter the lies she told herself, she was happy Beckett was going to be okay—fool that he was. She had to be careful though. They’d both already crossed the line of friendship. At some point, they’d have to look at the whys of what they both had done if they wanted to stay friends. But today wasn’t the day for that. Once he was back at work, they could sort it out. She would handle whatever he said to her better than she’d handled him in college.

The pang of the memory snapped her backward in time. The one time she’d ever thought there could be something between them. Of course she’d been delusional. Swim stars didn’t chase after plump, homely Trini girls. But Beckett had seemed different. Like now, he’d been more Jaya’s friend, but he’d had a couple of classes with Ricca. He always made it a point to sit with her, partner with her for projects. And he’d been sweet and charming—just like now.

After she’d driven his too-drunk ass home from a party once, he’d mumbled something about her being so beautiful. Unsure of how to respond to something like that, she’d sat there in the driver’s side of the car, letting it idle, while he stared at her. “I don’t believe you. There are a million women out there. There’s nothing special about me.”

Drunkenly, he smiled at her. “You’re not listening. I think you’re beautiful.”

And drunk. He’d been very drunk. She knew better than to believe mumblings from a drunken fraternity boy. But a small part of her had hoped and wanted to believe. “Okay, you want me to believe you? Say it again when you’re sober.” They’d pinky sworn a deal and made a study date for the next night.

Ricca shook her head. She’d been so over the moon that she hadn’t paid attention. Guys like Beckett didn’t go out with girls like her. When she’d gone to the fraternity house to meet him, he’d been talking about her with his fraternity brothers. If she closed her eyes, she could still hear his brother Colin Fray say, “Seriously, the short chubby one? Why not one of her friends? The one with the legs and all that hair. Now, she’s hot. And thin.”

Beckett had been initially silent, but then said, “Ease up, Fray. She’s a friend. And she’s nice.” He’d paused then and added, “And she’s not chubby. She’s….” His voice trailed off. “She’s a good girl.”

Colin had laughed. “Well, we know you don’t like good girls.”

Beckett’s response had said it all. “That’s the truth.”

She’d gotten it wrong then. What she’d construed as him coming on to her was nothing of the sort. She was his friend. That was it. At least he’d sort of stepped up for her when that moron Fray had called her chubby.

But after that night, Ricca had vowed to stop chasing after something she couldn’t have and focus on what she could attain. She was funny and smart and a whole bunch of other adjectives her mother would be proud of. Hot didn’t have to be one of them. Until now—when she’d traded who she was to get noticed.

****

Beckett woke to the sounds of the islands. He smiled to himself. Ricca. She’d come to take care of him again. He’d told her she didn’t need to, but she’d given him one of her determined looks, and he’d shut up. Besides Trinidadian food was one of his favorites. Short of Ricca’s mother Kelan’s cooking, this would be heaven.

Careful of his left arm, he rolled himself into a sitting position and readjusted his sling. He didn’t really need it anymore, but the doc had wanted him to wear it as a precautionary measure. According to the white coats, he‘d been lucky to survive the crash with only a dislocated shoulder and concussion. Roberto had been even luckier. Just bumps and bruises.

What Beckett wanted to know was how the hell it had happened. He knew he should have checked the car himself. There were very few times he was OCD—usually checking over his cars was one of them. But he’d let the client change his mind. Once Roberto had insisted on driving and Serena had backed him, it had all gone to shit. Serena had insisted that the hired pit crew would do the final checks.

Beckett groaned. Lesson learned the hard and bumpy way—always check your own equipment. If Roberto wanted to BASE jump or anything else, Beckett was going to be the one doing safety checks. He couldn’t have another accident like this endangering the client. Or getting in the way of the job.

Feeling sluggish, he shuffled into the kitchen. Immediately, his body jerked to attention. Ricca was dancing around, singing and winding her hips to some calypso reggae song he didn’t recognize. The way her leggings hugged her ass and her muscular legs made his eyes cross. Her fitted, button-down stopped just past her waist, revealing a tantalizing strip of flesh for his viewing pleasure. Her cinnamon-brown skin glowed.

The heavy bass beats dropped in the song, and she ticked her hips like he’d seen some women do at a dancehall reggae concert he’d gone to once. His mouth went dry as he stared in wonder at the perfect isolation of her hips. Liquid heat rushed under his skin. Vaguely, he wondered if that was his body’s way of telling him to take another pain pill. But he doubted it. As she stirred and tossed a pinch of something into the pot, she did a little body roll. The groan was out of his mouth before he could control it.

She whipped around with a gasp. “Jesus, Beckett. What the hell are you doing up?” Her hands flew to her face. “Shoot, did I wake you up? I thought the music was low enough. I’m sorry.”

He grinned at her flustered state. “No, it’s cool. It’s time I stopped loafing around anyway.” He indicated the stove. “What’s cooking? It smells awesome.” Absently, he rubbed his stomach.

“My mother’s chicken curry.”

When she turned around to stir, he bit back another curse. She looked so beautiful standing in his kitchen. He’d never had this. The women he dated couldn’t even find the kitchen, let alone the stove to make homemade anything. They all would likely swear that the magic food fairies brought them dinner in restaurants. Not one of them actually cooked. Watching Ricca cook was sexy as hell.

She gave him a half smile. “What are you staring at?”

“You.”

She blinked, then tucking her hair behind her ears, moved around him to the island. “So, um. I see you’re feeling better. You think you’ll be making it to work tomorrow?”

Warmth spread through his chest. “So you’re saying you miss me?”

Ricca’s eyes narrowed imperceptibly. “Uhm, well, despite your injuries, we still have a Master Fantasy to complete. Just because you’ve been lazing about, doesn’t mean the rest of us have. We need you to pull your weight.”

He knew what she was doing—attempting to deflect. Just like she had the other night. She’d come onto him, but when he’d reciprocated, she’d run off like a scared butterfly.

“Go on, admit it, you miss me.” He stepped into her space.

Ricca took a step back and cleared her throat. When she spoke, her voice was husky. “Maybe a little.” She lowered her voice, then added, “I was worried about you. You really scared the shit out of me. You could have died.”

He frowned. “I know.” He took another step toward her, not sure what he wanted the end result to be. Who the hell was he kidding? He wanted her on his island naked and laid out like a buffet.

She coughed and took another step back until she pressed right up against the island. When she spoke, her voice was soft. “Don’t scare me like that again, okay? I don’t think my heart could take it.”

“That’s a deal.” He glanced around his kitchen. It was spotless. She’d cleaned up after him too. She’d taken care of him. Like she always did—for everyone. “You’ve been cooking and cleaning.”

She nodded. “You know me. It keeps me calm. I know you’re fine, but I figured you could use some food in the freezer.” She shrugged. “You know, something that isn’t takeout. And I just wanted, you know—”

“Ricca,” he interrupted. “I’d like to kiss you now, if you’d shut up for a minute.” Of all the times to have no plan. All he knew was he wanted to taste her. To feel her soft lips under his again. Feel her breath as she sighed and opened for him.

He angled his head and realized how small she was when she wasn’t wearing those towering heels of hers. He brushed her lips softly with his, before wrapping his right arm around her waist and hauling her up against him, then settling her on the island.

Her eyes went wide. “Beckett, your arm. You have to be careful not to reinjure yourself.”

He shook his head. “I don’t care. I just want to—” He lost all rational thought when she wiggled against him. A low growl rumbled in his chest. “I’ve been dying to do this again since last week.”

She parted her lips, and he was lost.





Chapter Thirteen


Unprepared didn’t even cut it. Ricca had kissed Beckett exactly three times and not one compared to this. His kiss was gentle and undemanding. He stroked her cheekbone with his thumb as he held her in place. The man knew how to kiss. His tongue was a gentle explorer testing the waters. Trying to coax hers to come and play. Beckett stepped between her parted thighs and dragged her body closer to his.

Wanting to be careful of his arm, she returned his kisses tentatively, only softly meeting his tongue with hers. He took it slow as if they had all the time in the world to get this one kiss right. He paused and leaned his forehead to hers. “Ricca.” His voice was a pitch lower than usual. “I want you to kiss me back. I need you to. His breath was warm and tickled her lips.

“I am,” she whispered.

He shook his head. “I’m not backing off. I’m not going anywhere. Just kiss me back. Even if it’s just for tonight.“

His words caressed her. The blood rushing in her head made it hard to think. She wanted him—had always wanted him. Even if this was a fluke and she had no idea where it was going, for once she was going to live in the moment.

Angling her head back, she met his eyes. All she saw was desire, some concern, and impatience. He was waiting for her answer. He wouldn’t kiss her again unless she initiated. Gathering all the moxy she had, she did what she’d wanted to do for years.

When their lips fused, she wound her hands in his hair and held him in place. His responding rumble filled her with feminine power. Her whole body melted into him as he yanked her closer. His body radiated heat like a hellish inferno, and all she wanted to do was bring him closer to her.

Beckett abruptly took a step away, and a low whimper escaped her lips before she could imprison it. His lips quirked into a smile. “Relax. I just want to remove this thing so I can touch you.” He quickly removed the snaps of the sling and tossed it with his good arm. “There, that’s better.”

He stepped back between her legs, and Ricca could have cried with the relief of having him close again. He smelled like rain and leather.

His next kiss wasn’t gentle. He cupped one hand behind her head and devoured her. As his other hand snaked under her top, tracing a line over the exposed skin, her core heated, and all she wanted to do was wrap her legs around him and not let go.

Never pausing the assault on her lips, his fingers wove into her hair and massaged her scalp. It instantly relaxed her and at the same time sent electric shocks to her center. He traced several circles over her belly button before teasing a path to her breast.

When he stroked a thumb over her breast, Ricca cried out. Her hips rotated against the bulging hardness in his sweats. They moved in a persistent rhythm she couldn’t control. All she knew was she wanted to feel that length of him sliding into her, helping her overheat from the inside.

Beckett fisted his hands into her hair and tugged gently. The mild sting sent shudders down her spine.

Harsh breaths tore out of his chest, and he muttered a low “Fuuuck!” As his breathing grew more ragged. “Damn it, Ricca, you’re going to have to stop doing that. I don’t want this to end before we even get—”

This time it was Ricca who shut him up by dragging his lips back to hers. She didn’t stop moving her hips. If this was some insane fantasy, she wanted to get as much of him as she could before she came back to her senses.

They matched each other in intensity. She scratched his back; he bit her lip. She tugged his T-shirt over his head; he nearly popped the buttons on her shirt trying to get it off. When he encountered her tank top, he growled. When he slipped a hand between them and stroked her aching core through her leggings, she moaned.

His good hand fumbled with her bra clasp, and she had to giggle. “I thought you were supposed to be good with your hands.”

His low chuckle as he nuzzled her throat made her tingle from head to toe. “You’ll have to forgive me. I seem to have lost all the blood in my fingertips. It’s all traveled south. I can’t think straight. And I certainly can’t figure out this complicated thing.”

“Here, let me.” Ricca reached around her back and unhooked the strap. “It’s a bra and tank combination.” Removing her hands through the straps, she held the tank in place above her breasts. Was she really going to do this? Have sex with Beckett in the middle of his kitchen? Hell yes. And if she was lucky, in the living room, in his bed, and maybe the shower too.

He caught her hands and shook his head. “No, don’t cover up. God, Ricca, I’ve been dreaming about you for so long. I haven’t been able to get you out of my head since the Westhorpe Gala. I just want to see you. All I care about is making you feel good.”

Ricca’s breath caught. He’d been thinking about her? Hell, if she’d known that, she’d have cooked for him years ago. But could she do this? Open herself up to him literally and figuratively? She searched his gaze as he cupped her cheek again.

His voice low and gravelly, he said, “We’ll take this as slow as you want. I just want to look at you.”

The part of her that had always been in love with him wrestled her rational brain to the ground and locked it in a safe. She let go of her tank, letting it fall to her waist.

Beckett hissed in a breath. “You’re beautiful.”

Ricca battled the urge to cover herself. Men had always been a little obsessed with her breasts. But no one had looked at her so adoringly. Like she was a goddess.

Beckett’s eyes went wide, and his lips parted. His gaze was hot, hungry. When he licked his bottom lip, heat pooled at her center.

Slowly Beckett stepped into her and dipped his head, nuzzling her throat. His heat surrounded her driving her crazy. God, he was so big. Broad shoulders. Wide chest. Big hands. He drove her just to the edge of madness with his lips, and then he’d stop and only give her the lightest brush of contact. Just enough to tantalize.

His teeth scored her neck, and Ricca shuddered even as she wrapped her legs around him, desperate to bring him closer. He used his tongue to lick the tiny injury and kissed his way to her collar bone. When he nipped her flesh, she cried out his name. His hips jerked against hers, and he muttered a curse at her throat.

Beckett laid her on the cool granite and kissed the column of her sternum, avoiding her breasts all together, and Ricca whined. He chuckled against her flesh as he kissed down to her belly button. “Don’t worry, I’ll get to them.”

He took his time kissing the planes of her stomach, and she tried urging him up toward her breasts by tugging his hair. That earned her a nip. “I love it when you tug baby, but I have plans on taking my time. If you can’t behave, I’ll have to restrain you.”

She’d never really been into bondage play, but with Beckett, she shivered as she considered what it would be like for him to do what he wanted with her body. “Who knew you were so kinky.”

His eyes darkened to a deep brown. And he looked like he wanted to completely devour her. In this position, his erection lined right up to her center. With every move, he rubbed against her. With every flick of her tongue, she felt him harden and the heat emanating from him burn at inferno levels.

As Beckett finally kissed his way back to her breasts, she didn’t know how much more she could take. With every brush of his lips against her flesh, her hips moved in an ancient rhythm. Beckett kissed the underside of her breasts, and she skimmed her fingers over the coiled muscles of his shoulders. Tension twisted in her belly, and Ricca drew in a shuddering breath. She rocked her hips against him once more.

Beckett’s growl was low and feral. “Jesus, Ricca.” He hovered over one breast and his breath tickled the sensitive tip, causing it to pebble.

He smiled and gently blew on the tight bud again. She moaned as he covered the tip of her breast with his lips. He used his teeth to graze the turgid tip. The mind numbing pleasure chased the prick of pain. Replacing his teeth with his tongue, he laved the tip, first tugging, gently sending a spike of lust through her center, then suckling. The teasing of his tongue and the moist heat of his mouth coupled with his hips rocking against hers, and Ricca felt an impending orgasm tripping up her spine. “Beckett.” She exhaled his name on a breath.

His hand skimmed up her stomach to tease the tight bud of her other nipple.

“Beckett. Oh god, I—” The orgasm crashed through her body with the force of a two-ton semi. Her legs tightened around his hips, and she arched her body into his as waves of ecstasy traveled from her cerebral cortex to the rest of her body. All she could think was that she wanted more. More of this. More of Beckett. Just more.

Blinking rapidly she looked up at him. “Beckett.”

His voice was low growl. “Holy shit, you are so hot when you come.”

They were all over each other with the speed of lighting. He pulled back. Tugging at the tank she’d let fall to her waist, he struggled to get her tank top over her head. As she reached for his sweats, he hooked his fingers in her leggings and yanked them down, all the while devouring her lips. When he dug his fingers into her hair, he said, “Promise me you’re never going to go back to wearing a bun again.”

“Deal.” She wanted to make him promise to stop dating models, but that wouldn’t get her anywhere.

When he slipped a hand inside her damp panties, his eyes fluttered closed, and his lips parted. He grinned. “I thought you were a Trini girl. I didn’t know you had Brazilian roots.”

She flushed and ducked her head. “Not something I thought I’d ever be telling you.”

“You realize now, this is all I’ll be able to think about. Especially when we’re in one of those long debrief meetings and you cross and uncross your legs. It’ll be like my own personalized torture chamber not being able to touch you.” He slipped a finger inside her, and the fire in her core crackled to life again.

“Jesus, Beckett.”

He cut her off with a kiss and impatiently started tugging her leggings down.

A soft scraping came from the living room, and Ricca frowned. It sounded like—

Beckett distracted her with his deft fingers. When she heard the jangle of keys, she froze. Beckett blinked and shook his head as if trying to clear it. Then his eyes went wide. “Ricca, stay here, okay? I’ll get rid of whoever it is. I’ll be right back. It’s probably just the maid. I emailed her and told her not to come today. But maybe she missed it.”

The moment he withdrew, she sat up. Someone was here? Shit. She scrambled off the island. Holy shit, she’d just been about to have some seriously hot sex with Beckett on his kitchen island. The maid could have found them here screwing like horny teenagers. Another hot flush tinged her cheeks. What the hell had gotten into her?

Snatching up her tank top, she dragged it on and fastened the bra. She slipped into her button-down and smoothed her hair. Had she really just been about to have sex with Beckett? Her body screamed hell to the yes. Her brain screamed, you better take off those clothes and go jump in his bed. Cold granite can be murder on the spine.

But something told her there was a problem in irresponsibility land. Something didn’t feel right. There were no voices from the living room. Checking the stainless steel backsplash to make sure she looked presentable, or at the very least not like she’d just had an orgasm at the hand of her best friend, courtesy of some serious dry humping, she turned off the curry and moved it to another burner. Lucky for her, the curry hadn’t burned.

Ricca slipped her flats back on. She did a quick sweep around the kitchen, hoping it didn’t scream, I almost had hot sex, then strolled out into the living room. Beckett's broad back blocked her view of the door opening. But it was clear he was talking to someone, keeping his voice low.

“Beckett? Who’s at the doo—”

At the sound of her voice, he whipped around, guilt and anxiety etched all over his face. “Ricca, I—”

She didn’t even hear him, because her gaze was focused on the doorjamb. In all her blond perfection stood Angel. She looked as shocked and confused as Ricca felt.

Ricca opened her mouth to mutter a greeting. Good breeding didn’t escape her even now, when she should have given Angel the full force of her scowl for interrupting her moment with Beckett. They’d almost made love, and evil Barbie had found a way to ruin it.

Angel narrowed her eyes and scowled at Beckett. “I thought you said you were resting. What the fuck is she doing here?”

For several beats, Ricca held her breath. It wasn’t until her head swam and she swayed that her brain kicked in and she dragged in a breath. Angel? Here in Beckett’s apartment—with keys? Maybe she’d come to drop something off? Ricca scrutinized Angel. She didn’t seem to have anything.

Ricca cleared her throat. “You dropping something off from the Fantasy files?” She kept her voice neutral, hoping she didn’t sound hopeful.

Angel’s smile was devilish. “You could say that.”

Beckett stepped between them, blocking Ricca’s view. “Angel had a message to deliver. And I got it. She was just leaving.”

“Not so fast.” Angel stepped around Beckett. “What are you doing here, Ricca? Playing nursemaid or doctor?

“Angel, that’s enough.” Beckett’s voice was a low growl.

“Wow, you are a lucky bastard. As you convalesce, women just come over to throw themselves at you. Must be nice.”

Ricca still didn’t compute. But something told her hot sex was off the table, so to speak. She slid Beckett a glance. “I’m going to head out. The curry is on the stove. Let it cool, then you can store it in the freezer. I left you some of the naan I made in the fridge too.” She tipped her head up and met his gaze. “I’ll see you in the office.” God, talk about a cold shower. All warmth that had lingered on her skin was replaced by goose bumps. If he wanted to continue where they left off, he'd be waiting until they made snowballs in hell.

Beckett finally found his voice. “No, Ricca, stay for dinner. You cooked. Angel really was just leaving.” He turned to the leggy blonde. “You said everything you have to say, right?” He stuck his hands in his pockets.

Angel looked from him to Ricca and back again. “You’re shitting me, right? You actually expect me to go?”

Ricca didn’t understand why Beckett’s stance was so aggressive. She studied him again, then frowned. More like he was apathetic. Deliberately not standing close to her. Not taking her arm and leading her out. The jangle of keys filled the air, and Ricca knew why.

Angel had a key. Ricca’s whole body went numb. Oh, God. Angel. That bitch had tortured her for months, and all the while Beckett had been sleeping with her? Ricca’s stomach rolled. The usually comforting scent of coriander and coconut milk made her want to vomit.

He was a liar. He might have stood up for her in some situations, but behind the scenes, he was sleeping with evil Barbie. Ricca placed a hand on her stomach in an attempt to ward off the nausea. She pegged Beckett with a glare, and he reached for her hand.

“Ricca, wait. I can explain. It’s not what you think.”

Ricca scooped her purse and jacket up from the nearby loveseat where she’d left them. “So you’re saying that the two of you aren’t sleeping together?”

“No. Yes.” Beckett dragged his hands through his hair. “Wait, I—”

“Allow me to explain,” Angel said with a smile. “Me and your bestie were going at it pretty hot and heavy for a couple of weeks. Now he wants to act like he’s too busy to see me.”

“Shit,” muttered Beckett. “It was a couple of times. Completely not worth mentioning.”

Ricca nodded. “Right. Well, I’ll just leave you two to it.”

Beckett said something that she didn’t hear. She simply walked out. I will not cry. I will not cry. She kept her pace even when she wanted to do nothing more than to run out crying. Beckett and Angel. How the hell had she missed this? Angel had said they’d been sleeping together for months. God she felt so stupid. And she’d been in his place about to have sex with him. Angel’s sloppy seconds. Ew.

“Ricca, wait. “

She whirled around. He came sprinting down the hallway. “No, Beckett. Don’t say anything. It’s okay. It’s fine. You can do whatever you want. We’re not tied to each other. And God—Angel. Well, she was a model. I get it.”

“No, Ricca. Shit. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I had no idea she was coming over. We’re over. Been over for months. It was a stupid, stupid thing that never should have happened.” He rubbed his shoulder.

Instantly, she wanted to ask if he was okay, but her fury prevented her. “Beckett, I understand. What happened before Angel. I—” She flushed. “I don’t know what happened.”

He reached for her, and she stepped out of his reach. “Just come back, and we can talk. I sent her packing, and I’m changing my locks first thing in the morning. I swear, she only had a key because I let her stay here when her place was fumigated back when we were, uh, seeing each other. She gave my key back, but I guess she made a copy. That’s it! It wasn’t some long secret relationship. I swear!”

Ricca shook her head. “I can’t. Angel, Beckett? And you never once mentioned—you know what?” She rolled onto her heels as she peered up at him. “I’m done.”





Chapter Fourteen



Relax, Ricca, it's just a date, she muttered to herself as she fussed with her dress. The low-cut burgundy number displayed more of her double D's than she usually put out there. But the color complemented her cinnamon skin tone, and she'd taken care with her make up. For effect, she’d pinned up one side of her hair to give her the full 1930’s gangster girlfriend look. Ricca applied another coat of lipstick and stared at herself in the mirror. She looked dressed for sex. Not that Carter would be so lucky.

She slipped her feet in the ridiculously expensive Christian Louboutins of Jaya’s. Instantly, she felt better. Ready to take on the world. And the shoes were the perfect complement. She prayed she didn’t trip or spill anything on her dress.

Though, while she might have looked like sex, she was in no mood to have any. After the debacle with Beckett yesterday, she’d completely forgotten she was supposed to go out with Carter tonight. That was until he showed up in her office today and told her how much he was looking forward to the evening.

Exhausted or not, she was going out with Carter tonight. She needed the distraction and maybe Charles was right after all. She’d always been a serial monogamist. Maybe she gave a hard-core marriage vibe. Well she didn’t mean to. But tonight was all about fun. She wouldn’t ruin it by thinking about that lying asshole.

When the doorbell chimed, she sucked in a deep breath. She liked Carter. He was nice, attentive, and sexy. She just didn’t feel any chemistry. At least not chemistry like with Beckett. "Stop it, Ree," she mumbled under her breath. You can’t have him. He's not right for you anyway. Carter, on the other hand, was perfect on paper. "Time to see if you’re perfect in person.”

When she swung the door open, Carter stood there leaning against the doorjamb, holding a giant sunflower. “Hello, beautiful.”

Of all the things she’d pegged Carter as, she’d never pictured him as the traditional bring-a-girl-flowers type. “Oh, wow, thank you. It’s beautiful.” She raised her eyebrows. “And completely unexpected. Carter, don’t tell me you’re a romantic.”

He grinned, and Ricca had the urge to giggle. The smile gave him such a boyish quality—like he was meant to be youthful and mischievous.

“Of course I’m a romantic. Do you want me to come in while you get a vase or something?” The question was innocuous, but his altar boy smile and hungry eyes warned her that inviting him inside probably wasn’t a good idea.

“No need. I’ve got a vase of flowers right here.” She tucked the sturdy stem into the vase occupied by cheery flowers she’d picked up. She’d give the flower its own vase when she got home.

“So what you’re saying is, I’ll have to work a lot harder to get an invite inside?”

Ricca rolled her eyes. “A lot harder.”

His chuckle was low and deep. “I have to warn you, I’m up for a challenge.”

“Carter, you’re incorrigible.”

“I know. It’s a gift.”

She eyed him. "Who told you I like sunflowers?"

He smiled a warm smile. "Who said anyone had to tell me. Maybe I just paid attention."

She scrutinized him through narrowed eyes. "Myra told you?" The Fantasies administrative assistant was the only one who ever seemed to remember Ricca's birthday, and she always made sure Ricca received sunflowers.

He grinned. "Busted, but it’s the thought that counts, isn't it?"

"Yeah, I guess it is." An errant thought slipped into her consciousness. Beckett remembered her birthday too. And her favorite flowers. Even though he never did a big office splash, he always got her a great present. Last year it had been the most delicate bangles he'd found in Jamaica when he was there for a Fantasies client.

Ricca shook her head and forced herself to listen to the prattle coming out of Carter’s mouth. Something about the restaurant.

"Are you ready?" As she grabbed her purse and shawl, he led her out, telling some funny anecdote about his last fantasy.

And the laughs didn’t stop there, as he led her out of her apartment, he helped her down the stairs, into his car, and opened her door. He was a gentleman mixed with a little bit of a rake. But she completely saw the appeal.

As they pulled out of her complex and turned onto Vermont St., her breath caught. On the corner of Vermont and Robinson stood Beckett. All 6’5” of him. His sling was gone, and he looked furious.

Ricca quickly whipped her head around and focused on her date as he regaled her with stories of his childhood. She would not think about Beckett. Would not think about the way he’d humiliated her yesterday. And she certainly would not think about the way he tasted or how his mouth felt on hers. Instantly, her body melted, and she muttered a curse.

“Whoa, did Ricca Munroe just swear? I thought you were Miss Prim and Proper.”

“I ah, just realized I forgot to do something at the office. I’ll deal with it tomorrow.”

“You want me to swing us by there? It’s got to be pretty serious if it made you swear. Besides, I’ve been having this fantasy lately of you and me in the office and—”

“Carter!”

He grinned. “I was going to say we were going over reports. What? Too forward?”

“Yeah, a little.” Despite his teasing and sexual innuendo, Ricca realized she was already enjoying herself. Carter was easy to talk to, educated, interesting, and lively. Brooding wasn’t in his nature.

Then why were snippets of her brain lingering on Beckett? Because you’re in love with him.

“Just in case I haven’t mentioned, you’ve been looking amazing lately."

Ricca sputtered and barked out a laugh. "You mean you like the new wardrobe over my usual super-conservative look?"

“I—uh." He stuttered.

She laughed again. "Relax. I know the clothes left something to be desired. I needed an upgrade.”

“I have to tell you it's sexy."

She flushed at the compliment.

The rest of the night was fun. They talked sports, and he kept telling her how impressed he was with her basketball knowledge. They’d argued over the merits of Kobe vs. Lebron and if either of them could be as great as Jordan. He made her laugh. It was easy. Nothing complicated. When he walked her upstairs, she wasn’t even nervous like she normally would have been.

When they reached her door, he quickly drew her in for a kiss. Carter's kiss was pleasant. Certainly skilled. There was enough heat behind it to pique her interest—which confused her. But at the end of the day, this kiss didn’t compare to Beckett’s yesterday.

Carter stepped back. “I wouldn’t have been able to forgive myself if I hadn’t done that at least once.”

Wow. He was good. If they gave grades on dating, then Carter Sykes would certainly have an A plus. “Carter. I had fun tonight. I’m just not sure—”

He put a hand up cutting her off. “No, you don’t have to explain. I get that you and Beckett have your thing or whatever. I respect that. Besides, I know better than to pine after a woman who’s got the hots for someone else.”

“Beckett and I don’t have a thing.”

Carter chuckled. “You want to tell him that? He about took my head off when I told him I was going out with you.”

Ricca shook her head. “He wouldn’t do that.”

Carter shrugged. “Okay. If you say so. Do me a favor though. If it doesn’t work out, give me a shout. I’ll be the first one in line behind him.”

“You know what, Carter? I think you’re growing on me. I actually had fun tonight.”

He raised his brows. “Growing on you? That’s progress. At least you don’t think I’m a sleaze bag.”

“Oh, I didn’t say that.”

He laughed. “Still, it’s progress.” He kissed her hand. “I’ll see you in the office on Monday.”

Ricca let herself in to her apartment and tried to make sense of the date and Carter—and his attempts to woo her. He was a very good kisser. But still, it didn’t move her like the scorcher Beckett had planted on her last night. All she'd been able to get out of Carter's kiss was flickering embers. There was just no comparison. But she'd had more fun than she thought possible. Maybe she'd never given Carter a chance before. Since he started at Fantasies, she'd always written him off as one of the jock gear heads who only cared about the cool assignments, not the ones that involved any kind of emotional satisfaction. Maybe, like Beckett, she'd been wrong about some things.

Carter was intelligent and funny, and when he wanted to be, really insightful. Maybe she’d misjudged him. That knowledge smarted. But she could make changes. If Jaya could embrace her adventurous side, then Ricca could certainly give guys more than half a chance.

Beckett was already off the table. For the love of God, he’d had a thing with Angel. And he’d hidden it—deliberately. There was no getting over that. He’d sat and listened to Ricca bitch about Angel for months. She wasn’t a glutton for punishment.

But other guys? Maybe she didn’t have the right chemistry with Carter. But there were plenty of guys out there. She’d start doing the casual dating thing. Maybe even have herself a fling. Maybe her whole life she’d been doing the dating thing wrong. Maybe it was time to have some fun instead.

Slipping the stilettos off her feet, she rubbed each of her arches before heading to the bedroom. A persistent knock stopped her mid-trip. Carter again? Had he left something behind? "Just a sec, I'm coming."

Swinging the door open she gasped in surprise. "Beckett, what are you doing here?"

He scowled at her. But even anger didn't detract from his all American good looks. "You went out with Carter?"

Ricca frowned. "I don’t see how that’s any of your business."

"Of course it's my business. He's on my team. If he's distracted, I have to deal with it."

Ricca coughed out a laugh. "Did you spend time rehearsing that one? You’re being ridiculous. You mean to tell me you drove over to Hillcrest on a Saturday night, when you know parking is a nightmare, to tell me I can’t date Carter because he's going to be distracted?”

"Yes," he barked. Then quickly amended, "No. I came to talk to you, then I saw you with him. I thought we’d agreed you weren’t going to go out with him."

Ricca balked. "Do you realize what you sound like right now? Maybe instead of standing on my doorstep yelling at me about who I am or am not dating, maybe you should be standing on your girlfriend's doorstep. You can yell at her all you like. Beckett, I meant what I said last night.” Ricca’s heart thudded. She tried for more breath, but it only came in airy shallow draws. This wasn’t happening. Beckett wasn’t standing here.

“And I meant what I said. Angel was a mistake. I should have told you. Hell, I never should have gone there.” He ran both hands through his hair. “I know—I didn’t expect that—you know, we’d—shit.” Beckett used the heels of his hands to rub at his eyes. “I don’t know. Just tell me you didn’t sleep with him.”

Furious, Rica glared at him. “And what if I did? You still haven’t told me why the hell it matters to you.”

He took a step toward her, but she held her ground. “No, you can’t just storm in here and fuck with me like last night and like the other day in my office. I know you’re just dicking with me, and I want it to stop. I can’t take anymore.”

“Me?” The question came out as a snarl. “You’re the one fucking with me. Why are you deliberately trying to drive me crazy? The clothes, the hair, and the way you kissed me back the other day. Shit, and last night. You were all over me, burning so hot. Every time I touched you it was like you would combust like no one ever made you feel like that before.” His voice rose an octave. “What the fuck is your game?”

Ricca tipped her chin up, refusing to move back. If he wanted to come into her house and start a fight, then she was more than happy to have it out with him. Maybe they could finally get it all out, once and for all. “Let’s start with you lowering your voice. And then we’ll move on to maybe how you should stop doing that half flirtation thing with me, where you string me along and let me believe you’re interested. It’s borderline cruel, and I’m sick of it. If you’re into me, why don’t you just—”

Beckett cut her off by placing both hands on her face and slanting a kiss over her lips that was not at all slow and sensual like the night before. It was more like a brand.

As if it were a practiced move, her arms wound around his neck, and her fingers laced in the hair at his nape. He shifted his hands from her face and wrapped them around her, eventually placing them on her ass, and anchored her body to his. His erection nudged her insistently, and her body softened, readying for him.

With a growl, Beckett dragged off his jacket and tossed it to the floor. Leaning over her, he scooped his hands down the backs of her legs and picked her up, leaving her no option than to wrap her legs around him.

Holding her firmly against him, he dug a hand into her hair, his lips scorching, and his tongue insisting on a response—demanding one. Electricity sizzled under every patch of skin he touched. She clawed at his back and met his demand with her own.

He carried her through the room. Bumping into the couch, he muttered a curse, but got moving, hanging a left into the master bedroom. When he lowered her to her feet, she reached for his belt. Fumbling with the buckle, she met his gaze.

Need and desperation warred with something else she couldn’t name. When she finally figured out the complicated buckle, she muttered, “Okay, no more Guess belts for your birthday.”

“I agree.” Beckett brushed her hands aside and went for the side knot of her dress. “Mm, it’s like unwrapping a present. I’ve been dying to see you like this ever since I discovered you wore garters.”

Ricca flushed and suddenly wished she’d turned off the light—confidence be damned. Even Victoria’s Secret models had to prefer candlelight. “I’m sure you’ve seen plenty of lingerie in your lifetime.”

His lips tipped up into that mischievous smile of his. “I’ve never seen you in lingerie.”

Ricca focused as she slipped one button of his shirt open, then another. Yesterday, she hadn’t been paying attention as he’d been so busy driving her insane with kisses. Today, she wanted an up-close and personal view of his six pack. She’d seen him shirtless at least a hundred times over the years, but this was different.

Once his shirt was off, she froze, unsure of what to do next. It wasn’t like she was a seductress. She didn’t do this enough.

As if sensing her discomfort, he kissed her long and deep until she melted against him again. He knelt down, and starting at her calves, began a gentle massage. Ricca held perfectly still until his large firm hands skimmed just above her knee.

She staggered a little and held onto his broad shoulders for support. Beckett placed kisses along her panty line through her dress. Occasionally, his teeth tugged at the jersey fabric, and she shivered. His hands continued their path, skimming over her thighs, pausing only to stroke her damp heat with his thumb. “Do you know that I barely slept, thinking about you in my arms yesterday? The fantasy doesn’t live up to reality.”

Hooking his fingers into her lace and satin panties, he tugged them down an inch, and Ricca moaned. He traced a line with his tongue over the newly exposed strip of flesh. Her pulse jacked-up its usually steady thud-thud. Every nerve ending on her body was desperate to feel him caress her, stroke her. Ricca let her head roll backward as she bit her lip.

When he slipped them past her calves down to her feet, he whispered, “Step out of them.”

She did as was told but needed him to touch her, to do more than look. She needed his touch.

Beckett stood, but kept one hand under her dress. As he spoke in low tones, his hands traversed a path back to her sex. “Let me in, Ricca. I want to feel what Brazil is like this time of year.”

When his thumb slid over her clit, she widened her stance automatically, and he made a sound from his throat that sounded like part chuckle and part murmur of satisfaction. He stroked her, and her knees buckled. Holding her against him, he continued to caress, gently, teasingly, avoiding direct stimulation to her clit.

“Hush. It’s okay. I just want to make you feel good.”

When her knees buckled and she sagged against him, Beckett lifted her onto the bed. He quickly yanked off his jeans and tossed them aside, but not before grabbing a condom from his wallet. Joining her on the bed, he slid his powerful hands up past her calves and over her inner thighs. When his fingers met the juncture between her legs, he used his thumb to part the sensitive flesh. He took his time circling her clit, taking her to the height of pleasure, then while she hung on the precipice of ecstasy, he drew back.

Beckett nuzzled her neck, first brushing his lips against the column of her throat, then sucking gently before drawing his teeth over her skin.

He continued to stroke her clitoris, once, twice—and again, just enough to drive her wild, then he pulled back.

“Beckett. You can’t do this. I need—”

“Yeah, Ricca? Why don’t you tell me what you need? I’d love to give it to you.” He kissed his way down her body, licking and scorching a path to her most sensitive spot. “I want to see how you taste.” His voice was groggy. “Will you let me?”

Ricca squirmed and lifted her hips, but he only chuckled as he slid a finger into her. “Oh, no you don’t. That would be too easy. Tell me you want me.”

Ricca couldn’t form the words. “I-I want—”

He slid a finger into her, and she groaned.

“Yeah, Ricca, what was that?” He did it again, and she wanted to cry with frustration. He kept up the motion, but only slow enough to torture her. Not enough to bring her any release.

“Beckett, I want you to let me come. Please.”

“Oh, that’s better.” He increased his rhythm and the pressure on her clit. “There’s just one thing. How do you want me to let you come? With my mouth? With my fingers? With my dick? I want you to be specific, so I can make you happy.”

Ricca wanted to scream. She was so close, if he would just let her—“All of the above,” she practically shouted. “I just need you.”

He chuckled. “Happy to oblige.”

Beckett moved swiftly, replacing his fingers with his tongue. When he circled her clit, the tingles began in her toes. Ricca knew from this moment on, he would be the bar to which she compared all others. He knew how to tune her body. How to make her quiver. Moving in sure, deft strokes, he licked her to the edge, and when the tingles moved their way up her body, she grasped his hair. “Beckett. Oh, God. I’m going to—”

She’d didn’t have a chance to finish. Cupping her ass in both his hands, he nudged her legs further apart and feasted.

The orgasm crashed into her so hard, she seriously worried she might pass out. But Beckett didn’t relent. He kept stroking and licking. But he backed off her clit, giving her some time to breathe.

When she finally stopped shaking, he placed a light kiss on her inner thigh and whispered, “Just like I thought, you taste sweet.” Beckett kissed a path up her belly, and Ricca thought she’d died and gone to heaven.

When he reached her breasts, he frowned. “How in the world did I manage to leave your bra on? It’s a travesty to keep these covered.”

She exhaled with a chuckle. “Well, I have to hold them up somehow. I don’t want them hanging at my knees before I’m thirty.”

“I volunteer my services.”

She grinned. “What, as official breast holder-upper? Is that a British title?”

“Yes, yes it is. I am Lord Holder-Upper of Magnificent Breasts.” His expression sobered. “I’m sorry. About before. If I was too rough. I just saw you with him, and I lost my shit.”

Her heart stuttered. “I’m okay. Surprised, but great actually. You’ve certainly got a gift.”

His easy grin was back. “Well in that case, let me show you what else I’m good at.”

In one swift move, he lifted her torso with one hand and quickly unsnapped her bra. The hooks came apart with a light pop, and her breasts spilled free. “I told you last night was a fluke. You had me distracted.”

Feeling bold, she grinned up at him, then reached for his erection and wrapped her fingers around his girth. He muttered some inventive curses, then growled through clenched teeth, “Careful what you play with. You could start something we don’t have enough hours in the night to finish.”

“A girl can always dream.”

Beckett rolled off of her quickly, slipped on the condom, and shifted back between her legs before she could blink. She’d barely even heard the foil wrapper tear.

“Then by all means, tell me all your fantasies.”

****

The moment Beckett slid into her warmth, he knew he was lost. This was Ricca, his Ricca. There would never be any going back now that he knew how good she felt.

As he dipped his head to kiss her, he marveled at their fit. Despite her more than generous curves, she was still so petite. Fragile and vulnerable. He lifted his head and gazed down at her. He stroked his thumb across her cheek. “You okay?”

Her eyes were wide as she nodded and let out a shuddering breath. “Depends. Are you going to stop torturing me and start moving?”

He chuckled. “And here I always thought you were so patient.” He kept the pace as slow as he could manage. Piercing need had tormented him since yesterday, and he was dying to come. But he would take his time. Make her feel—

“Beckett, I’m not fragile. You’re not going to break me. Faster.” She sucked in a breath when he rolled his hips. “Please.”

It wasn’t until she scored his back with her nails that his control snapped, and he gave her what she asked for. Through gritted teeth, he tried to hold on to wait for her, but she kept whispering his name. Tightening her hold on him with her legs.

Heat radiated from his spine, and he knew it was over. The moment he felt her silken walls twitch around him, he let the blast of heat take over and radiate throughout his body. As she rode her wave of orgasm, he convulsed on top of her, his own release wracking his body. The only thought his brain could muster was mine.

Beckett didn’t know how much later it was when he woke up, his legs intertwined with Ricca’s and his hand on her breast, with her gorgeous ass wiggling against him. For a moment, he let himself relish just holding her. He wanted to live in the uncomplicated realm for just a little bit longer. Where he didn’t have to deal with the ramifications of what they’d done.

They were friends. She was for sure the marrying type. He, comfortable in his position as an eternal screw-up, was not. He really should have thought this through better. But she’s mine. His brain couldn’t let go of the fact that he’d always seen her as his. He’d treated her like a kid sister to put some distance between them and to force his brain to register her as a permanent hands off.

When he’d met her in college, she’d been so adorable and sweet. And the two of them had forged a tight friendship. The one time he’d thought they might get together, she’d opted herself out and kept their friendship in the strictly no-touch zone. But everything had changed with what was supposed to be an uncomplicated kiss between friends.

All he’d had to do was give her a chaste kiss on the lips. Instead, electricity had exploded between them and shorted something in his rational, thinking brain. For weeks, she’d dominated every thought he had. He could have killed that asshole, Charles, for dumping her like he did. But if he was honest with himself…he sort of wanted to thank the moron, because Beckett probably would have had a nervous breakdown if Ricca had ever married the guy.

His brain kept stuttering over the ‘now whats?’ and the ‘what nows?’ He tried some of that Zen breathing crap Ricca always suggested, trying to force his brain to focus on the moment, before she woke up and he had to deal with the eventual consequences of that one kiss.

He tucked her in against him and squeezed tight. All he wanted to do was hold onto her forever. Forever. Just the word itself had him cringing and his feet itching to run. But Ricca was different. She understood him. Always had. She was the one woman he could change for.

As he drifted off to sleep, he wondered where they could go from here.





Chapter Fifteen


It wasn’t exactly like she’d run away. Okay maybe a little. As Ricca took the back stairs up to Fantasies, she leaned against the railing for support. Like a coward, she’d run from Beckett. And now, she was killing herself taking the stairs just so she could avoid running into him in the elevator, on the off chance he arrived at work early.

Her phone buzzed again. Another text. From Beckett. She snatched the phone out of her purse and glanced at it. We need to talk.

Shit. All his texts had said something like that.

“I guess someone’s tired of waiting,” she mumbled to herself as she rounded onto the ninth floor.

She’d woken to Beckett wrapped around her like a cocoon, and for several decedent moments of bliss, she’d relished being in his arms. But then her brain had started to work, and she realized that what was in store for her was either a totally awkward morning-after conversation or an empty bed with Beckett’s side cold. To her knowledge, he’d never stayed with anyone he’d slept with. Not once. So she’d made the only decision she could—she ran to Micha’s.

Jaya would have taken Ricca in, but it would have put Jaya in the awkward position of having to put Beckett off when he called. Ricca dragged in a breath. One of these days she’d stop running from her problems. But that day is not today.

Cranking open the door to the eleventh floor, she checked the hallway. To make sure her heels didn’t make a sound, she carried them. She took the path with the tall cubes down by the kitchen. She was short enough that she couldn’t be seen over the tops.

Having learned her lesson, she peaked into her office window before going in. She couldn’t deal if he was waiting for her again.

“Oh, thank God,” she mumbled when she finally made it to her office and locked the door behind her. The way she figured it, she’d be better equipped to deal with Beckett after today. She’d had some time to think about what to say to him. And so far she hadn’t come up with anything good, but she was sure she would.

Her bunched muscles finally started to relax once she got into her work day a little. She had two fantasies coming up this week that she had to put finishing touches on. A rattling sound in her closet startled her. “What the hell?”

Frowning, she went over to the spacious closet and checked it. In the darkness, she didn’t see anything until the far wall started to rattle again, then she caught the light gleaming off the metal door knob. Shit. She’d forgotten that this building was a former hotel. When the builders had renovated it, they’d left some of the doors as connectors. She and Beckett had one of those doors between their offices

When the door to his office jerked open, she stumbled back several feet. “Damn it, Beckett, you scared the hell out of me.”

He scowled as he came through the closet and occupied the archway. “You want to tell me what the hell went wrong on Saturday? I’ve been going nuts trying to figure out how to fix it.”

What to say, what to say. She couldn’t very well say, I’m terrified that if I get too close, you’ll break my heart just like your brother did. So instead she said, “I don’t know. I just needed a day or two to wrap my head around—everything.”

“Damn it, Ricca, I need you to talk to me. Say something. Tell me you regret it. Tell me you never want to see me again. Tell me you would rather have slept with Carter. Actually no, don’t tell me that. But for fuck’s sake, tell me something.”

She backed away. “Beckett, I’m sorry. I didn’t want to wake up to find you gone, and then I didn’t want it to be awkward, and then I had no idea what to say, so I took a minute to try and get my bearings.”

His eyebrows shot up. “And?”

“I don’t know what to do. I’ve never—”

He strode toward her. “I don’t know what to say either. But we have to figure this out together. You and me. You can’t run from me. It won’t work. I’m too stubborn to just let you walk away without a conversation.”

She squared her shoulders. “Yeah, I’ve noticed.”

His gaze skipped over her body. “You look pretty today.”

She glanced down at the lilac Pucci dress. “Thank you.” Her skin warmed under his intense scrutiny.

“Ricca, look at me please.”

She tipped her head up to meet his gaze. “Yeah?”

“I wanted to wake up next to you. We’ll figure this out, I promise. No matter what, I won’t let this mess with us, okay?”

She nodded, and he took another step into her space. Heat sizzled under her skin. “Beckett, what are you doing?”

“What I wanted to do yesterday morning.”

He drew her up against him into a kiss so soft she wondered if it was real. Her response was immediate. Her knees went wobbly, and the muscles in her core contracted. She wanted him, even now. Reaching up, she wove her hands into his hair, and he deepened the kiss. As his tongue delved into her mouth, his erection hardened against her belly.

Ricca clamped her thighs together when she felt the damp warmth in her panties. God, what he could do to her with a simple kiss.

All she’d thought about the whole time at Micha’s was how his hands had felt on her body. How he’d used his tongue to stroke her to orgasm not once, but twice. How he’d taken the time to explore her body and find the hidden spots to make her melt.

He drew back. “Ricca, shit, I—”

Even though she knew she shouldn’t, she couldn’t help herself. He made her feel wanton, and sexy, and daring. She reached between them and wrapped her fingers around the rigid length of his erection.

He groaned, and his hips jerked. “Ricca, what are you—”

“I’m seizing the day.” She stroked again, and his eyes squeezed shut.

“Ricca, you do that again, and I’m going to fuck you right here in your office. Is that something you want?”

She met his gaze. “Maybe,” she breathed.

His gaze flew to her door. “I’d almost think you planned this,” he chuckled.

She pulled at his shirt.

He dragged her toward the closet. He yanked his connecting door shut, then slid his hands down her arms, intertwining their fingertips. “Brace your hands on the door.”

She shook as she complied. “Beckett, what are you doing?”

“You’ll figure it out soon enough.”

He shifted behind her and kissed the nape of her neck. His broad hands stroked her hair as he exposed her shoulder. “You are so sexy. This color suits you.”

Everywhere he touched her, he left a path of shivering temptation. Desire skipped across her nerve endings, and heat pooled in her core. She needed him. “Beckett, please.”

When he started to slide the fabric of her dress up, her breath hitched, and zings of desire pierced her. His hands caressed her ass, and his fingers hooked into her thong and dragged it aside. He stroked her exposed flesh, and she bit back a moan.

“No. Ricca, I want you to tell me that you like what I’m doing. I want to hear it.”

“Beckett. Someone will hear us.”

He inserted a finger into her slick, damp heat, and she let her head fall back.

“You do have a point. You’ll get a pass this time, but I want to hear you tell me how much you want me. Maybe tonight. Maybe before then, like at lunch time. I want to take you home so you can be as loud as you want.”

Anything. Whatever he wanted, she’d give it to him. Anything. She just wanted the deep aching to stop. "Okay. Just…I need you now.”

“And next time, you won’t run. I’ll just come find you again.”

“N-No. Beckett, please.”

He chuckled. “What the lady wants, the lady gets.”

He kneeled behind her and placed feather light kisses on the backs of her thighs. Her legs quivered, and he steadied her with his hands on her hips. When he canted her hips up and ran his tongue from her damp center to her clit, she did cry out. “Oh, Beckett.”

She heard foil ripping, then the jingle-jangle of his metal belt buckle. All the while, his tongue took her to the edge of oblivion.

He stopped his ministrations, and she cried out, missing his warmth. He parted her thighs, and she automatically widened her stance. He filled her with one fluid stroke, and her eyes fluttered shut in bliss.

“Jesus, Ree, you are so tight.” He retreated an inch, then slid back in. Retreated two inches, then surged in to the hilt. He slid his hands around the flat planes of her belly, then down to her clit. Tracing slow circles in time with his thrusts. It didn’t take much before the torrent of pleasure started from her toes and rocketed through her body.

The moment she started to crest, he increased his pace, sliding home over and over again, until he tensed behind her and roared, muffling his shout in her neck. Unable to hold her weight any longer, Ricca’s knees gave out.

Beckett caught her. “I swear, Ricca, you’re going to be the death of me.”

Maybe, but what would he do to her heart?





Chapter Sixteen


“Beckett, you have a visitor downstairs in the lobby.”

Beckett’s head snapped up to look at Emily. "Who is it?" He’d been lost in the memory of what he and Ricca had done in her office this morning. His whole body went rigid just thinking about it.

Emily shook her head. “Your dad and your brother. Front lobby just called it up. Want me to tell them that you’re not in? I know that you’re still recuperating and stuff."

There it was again—the pity he'd been getting from everyone in the office. All the women had been fawning over him like he was a broken dove or something. The guys, on the other hand, were circling like vultures. Like they'd been hoping he wouldn’t be back so soon after the accident. Too bad suckers. I'm not going anywhere.

"Can you do me a solid and let the team know I'll be about fifteen minutes late. Oh and if you can make sure Angel transfers any of the remaining files regarding Lila’s fantasy to me and Ricca, that would be great." He hadn't spoken with Angel since she'd shown up at his place the other night. He’d have to deal with her sooner rather than later though. Knowing Ricca, she wouldn’t want gossip all over the office about them. Angel didn't have much to go on, but at the end of the day, she could speculate, and he and Ricca didn't need that kind of headache with everything else.

When Beckett walked by Ricca's office, she wasn’t inside. Maybe she was at her meeting with Lila by now. She'd said something about connecting with her for the planning of Roberto’s next Fantasy.

He wasn’t a fan of how easily Ricca dominated space in his brain now. It had been bad enough when he’d only obsessed about her fantasy basketball league plays and what ridiculous thing he could do or say to make her laugh. But now that he’d touched her, being with her again was all he could think about.

Taking the elevator, he stretched out a little. They'd been all over each other, and frankly he was exhausted. Though more than happy to do it again.

When the doors parted, his father waited for him in the lobby. The one person he would rather not be dealing with, lounging in the lobby as if he belonged there. Beckett set his jaw and strode over, anxious to get the old man out of sight and out of mind.

"Dad, what are you doing here?" Beckett did a quick scan of the lobby and saw Braedon in one of the leather lobby chairs. His bother shrugged and mouthed, I’m sorry. Damn, would a warning phone call have been too much to ask for?

"Beckett, would you believe I came to check on you, since you wouldn't return my calls? When your office said you were injured, I tried to reach you."

First of all, Pops wasn’t on Beckett’s next of kin phone tree; it was Ricca first, then her mother, then his brother. Never the old man. His father had made it clear years ago that if Beckett wasn’t going to do as he was told then he might as well consider himself an orphan. So if his office hadn’t called Dear Old Dad, that meant the old man had found out about the accident from Braedon.

"Maybe you don’t understand the concept, Dad. You having your assistant call me, and you calling me yourself, are two totally different things." He clamped his lips together. Just find out what he wants and get back to work. You don’t have time to fool around. From the corner of his eye, Beckett saw Carter walk in. Carter looked a little surprised to see him, but nevertheless gave him a nod.

"Well, Dad, you've seen me. I'm obviously fine. Sorry to disappoint. Now what are you doing here? If you wanted to check on me, you would have called me yourself. And if my lawyer didn't call, letting me know you've stopped contesting my trust, then that means you’re here for something else."

His father frowned. “I’ll stop contesting your trust just as soon as you grow up.”

Beckett shook his head. “You’ll never get it, will you? I’m trying to do some good with that money. You know what though? I don’t need anything from you. Burn it all, if you must. I’m not interested in what you have to say.”

“Beckett, this is your legacy. You can’t just keep playing your whole life. You have a fucking law degree from Stanford, but instead you’re here, doing what? Playing cops and robbers? That’s not a job. That’s a vacation.”

“If you’re here to convince me to join the firm, you’re doing a stellar job.” Beckett’s heart raced as his anger simmered, and he forced himself to lower his voice. “Not going to happen, Dad. I’m sorry you wasted your time."

His father's face turned two different shades of red. "Why are you being so stubborn?"

"I could ask you the same thing. You have never been interested in me. You think I'm the family screw up. Why you're so desperate to have me at the firm is really beyond me. I'd think you would be happy that I was out of your hair." Beckett folded his arms and rocked back on his heels. "Dad, all I want is to renovate that building. That’s it." He was so damn tired of fighting with the old man. He’d spent a lifetime trying to justify who he was, and in that moment, he realized his father would never understand.

Over his father’s shoulder, Beckett saw Ricca coming in with a stack of folders and a cake box on top. Of course. Someone’s birthday. Though, from the looks of it, she'd bought a cake this time instead of making one from scratch. Besides, they'd been in bed till six. There’s no way she could have baked and still made her eight o’clock appointment with Lila.

A moment of pure panic and anger sliced through Beckett as Braedon made a beeline for Ricca. Beckett’s heart squeezed as time slowed. Beckett tried to focus on what his father was saying, but his eyes were glued to the potential melodrama. Braedon reached her in a few short steps, and her expression said it all. First her eyes widened with surprise, then anger and annoyance warred for second.

Braedon put his arm on her shoulder, and she shook it off. When Rica narrowed her eyes, and her lips moved rapidly, Beckett couldn’t stand and watch any longer. The urge to kill his brother was too strong. "I have to go, Dad. Sorry you came all this way. But no matter what Braedon told you, I’m not coming back to the fold."

"Beckett!"

He ignored his father and went to help Ricca, even though he could hear the old man calling his name. "Everything okay over here?"

Her gaze snapped to his. Fury. Oh hell, she thought he deliberately hadn’t told her Braedon was going to be here.

“I’m fine. But if you could tell your asshole of a brother to not touch me, that would be awesome.”

Beckett stepped between her and Braedon, and Braedon stuffed his hands in the pockets of his slacks, rolling back on his heels. “Stay out of it, baby brother. Ricca and I need to talk some things out. She doesn’t need her protector.”

Beckett shook his head. “Back off, Braedon. This isn’t the time or the place for any kind of conversation.” Without looking at Ricca, he added, “Ricca, why don’t you head upstairs? I’ll catch up with you later.”

She tried to step around the two of them when Braedon said, “Ricca, wait. I just want to talk to you. Maybe dinner. Coffee. Shoot, I’ll come meet you in your office. Can I call you?” He pursed his lips and rolled his eyes when he glanced at Beckett. “Look. I’d rather talk in private, but if you want to know the truth…Shit, I’ve missed you. I just want a chance to talk.”

Ricca glared at Braedon with her chin tipped up. “Yeah well, the feeling isn’t exactly mutual.” She tried to step around him again, and again, he blocked her path.

Fury pouring through him, Beckett plastered a hand on his brother’s chest. “That’s enough, Braedon. She clearly doesn’t want to talk to you.”

Braedon shoved his hand off. “Who the fuck are you, her keeper? This is none of your fucking business.”

Braedon reached out to take Ricca’s arm again, and Beckett knocked it aside. “She is my business.” He dropped his voice to a low growl. “Braedon, I’m not shitting you. If you put your hands on her again, I’ll fucking kill you.”

Ricca snatched her arm out of Braedon’s grasp and scooted out of the middle of the fray. “Beckett it’s okay, let’s just head upstairs.”

Braedon scowled, then narrowed his eyes to stare first at Ricca, then back at Beckett. His face turned beet red. He didn’t speak for several moments, but when he did, fury and disdain tinged every low-toned word. “You’re fucking sleeping with her. You know how I feel about her, and you’re fucking sleeping with her.”

“You mean how you loved her so much you systematically slept with every woman you came across? I know where the fucking bodies are buried, Brae—”

Beckett heard Ricca’s soft gasp and cringed. She’d only known about the one woman. Braedon had told him about all the others.

“You knew?”

“Ricca, I—”

Before he could get a word in, pain exploded above his right eye as flesh and knuckles connected with his face. He staggered, but recovered his footing, ready to go after his brother. But Braedon was already heading out the lobby door.

Gingerly touching his cheek, he went after Ricca. "Ricca, wait up."

She whirled on him. “I’m not in the mood to talk to you right now.”

He frowned. “Look, I’m sorry. That whole situation just got out of hand so quickly. I’m sorry. I didn’t know they were going to be here.”

“You think I’m pissed about that? I’m pissed because you lied to me.”

Fuck. “He’s my brother, Ricca. I couldn’t tell you that I knew. “

“That whole time I was going out with him, you knew.”

“No. I made him tell you about that waitress the moment I caught him. I didn’t know about the others until after you guys broke up.”

“Why didn’t you tell me? You know how hard that breakup was for me. You know I almost took him back.”

“If I thought there was any chance of that, I would have told you. But there was no point in hurting you more. Ricca—”

The elevator doors opened, and she stepped inside. “I mean it, Beckett. I don’t want to see you. You better take the stairs.”

The elevator doors closed, obscuring her from view. Well, fuck.





Chapter Seventeen


Ricca checked and re-checked everything for the Master Fantasy. From the tent, she went over the transport. The camels were watered and prepped. The animal trainers were on hand, as were the handlers. The oasis scene was beautiful.

Given the craziness for the last mission, the team had opted to keep this one as local as possible, in case anything went wrong, so they'd gone for the desert hot springs. For the fantasy, they’d also brought in water and fresh green grass, as well as coconut trees to create a genuine oasis. At the oasis watering hole, the desert animals that thrived in Death Valley had actually come out to water, giving it an authentic feel. So far, no rattlesnake sightings, but everyone was on the lookout, including a doctor with anti-venom dosages for anyone unlucky enough to be bitten.

The food was exquisite. She and the team had planned dishes indigenous to the Middle East like dates, couscous, stews, and mint tea. They had also included favorites of the couple. Ricca had even gone so far as to locate an antique storage container for ice and had worked with the team to keep everything as authentic as possible, even though they weren’t actually in the Middle East. Since the Master Fantasy was so long, they’d broken things out. Ricca tested the ice maker herself and sighed as the spray of shaved ice hit her arm. Refreshing.

Serena moved the prep tent’s curtain aside and strode in, wearing four-inch Jimmy Choos. So not the shoes Ricca would have selected for this adventure, but hey, whatever worked for Serena.

"How is everything, Ricca?"

Ricca watched the monitors. "So far, so good. The couple has been picked up by the camels and will ride the two miles to the Oasis. We've got all the food prepped and already laid out. We’re holding the ice until we get confirmation that they are about half a mile out, and then we'll deliver it. No need to have it start melting. Food is prepared. The chef made the minced lamb and mint just as specified, and each course is ready."

Serena looked over everything on the table. "You remembered her strawberry allergy, right? This isn’t just a case of she doesn’t like strawberries. It'll be full anaphylaxis if she’s even around a strawberry."

"Yes, understood. I have the same allergy, so we’ve taken care."

Serna nodded. “And you have her juice mix that Roberto had us prepare? It’s been several hours since they’ve eaten. With her diabetes, she'll need it as soon as she arrives."

"We have it all set up. It’s in the fridge. Per Roberto, we made it pomegranate. We at least wanted to stay in character of the region. We also mixed in some blueberries and raspberries, as Lila herself said she was on a raspberry binge lately."

"Wow, it looks like you have everything all settled."

"I think so. I think it’ll be beautiful. We've worked really hard on this.”

"I don’t have to tell you how important it is to get this fantasy right, do I, Ricca?"

"Of course not. We’ve planned it beautifully. It'll be fine." Ricca's warlike talkie went off. "Clients have reached the half-mile marker. The animals are doing well. Couple is happy. Over."

Ricca smiled. She loved it when a plan came together. Even more, she loved seeing the grin on Lila’s face as she rode on her camel. The team had set up several inconspicuous cameras in what brush there was, to capture the look and feel for photos later. There was a professional photographer waiting at the tent, but they sometimes used candids for couples.

"Where is the adventure team?" Serena asked.

"Beckett and Carter are at the tent with the animal handlers. The rest of the team is back at the office. We only really need the romance team." She turned back to Lisa, the intern. "Can you please take out the ice and the juice so Lila can drink it as soon as she arrives? Also make sure that the doctor takes note of her insulin immediately. There’s some rich food out there, and I don’t want her having a diabetic emergency. Nothing is going to ruin this fantasy."

Serena raised her eyebrows. "It had better not. Those are my friends. I don’t want something like what happened the last time happening."

Ricca whirled on her boss. "Serena, I know. If you leave me to do my job, I can get it done. If you continue to look over my shoulder, that's when mistakes get made."

Lisa grabbed the juice from the fridge. "I'll just take this out to the tent."

“Wait.” Serna's voice was harsh. "Who added the whipped cream? Roberto wants this to be authentic as possible. Remove the whipped cream."

Ricca frowned. Who the hell had added whipped cream? Maybe the assistant hadn’t been paying attention when she picked up the juice. "Okay, Erica, give this one to me. There are additional flutes in the spare box. And there's more juice in the pitcher. Hurry."

Ricca watched the monitor anxiously. Fantasy, Inc. was paid well for their seamless, fluid planning. Nothing out of place. No wayward observers or people that shouldn’t be present.

"Oh gosh, Ricca, I’m so sorry," Erica apologized. She grabbed a flute and poured quickly, grabbing the ice on her way back.

"It's fine, but get a move on."

Serena stepped between them and tried to remove the flute from Ricca’s hands. “Wait, don’t get a new one, just take off the whipped cream. No need to be wasteful.”

“Serena, it’s fine. We have more. It’s no big deal. I’d rather have a cleaner presentation”. Ricca shrugged. “Besides, I love whipped cream.” She took a sip and sighed as the pomegranate cooled her dry throat. She’d just realized she'd been going since five in the morning without eating anything.

"What the hell are you doing?" Serena scolded.

"Taking a drink. Lila's not going to have it, you said it yourself. We have extra juice for her, if she wants more."

Her boss’s brows drew down sharply.

"Why are you so upset? I don’t understand."

Serena shifted from foot to foot. "We have to give an air of professionalism. You just can’t be back here, hanging out, having a party. Eating and drinking the food brought for the guests. It's unprofessional."

Ricca raised an eyebrow. Unprofessional? Serena was usually the first one behind the scenes at a fashion show fantasy, trying to snatch up free swag. Besides, it was standard that everyone who worked the fantasy got fed and watered.

Ricca ignored Serena and watched the monitor intently. Dressed in Moroccan robes, the assistants helped the couple off the camels. Lila was thrilled and grinning ear to ear. Roberto looked like he was puffing out his chest. He'd made her happy. Nothing beat that look. Ricca lived for that look. This was why she loved the romance fantasies. To see couples trying to make each other happy. It made her believe in happily ever after, despite her train wreck of a love life.

Her brain automatically went to the Fantasies lobby and Beckett's admission of knowing about Braedon's cheating. Pain stabbed her heart. He hadn’t told her. He’d said he didn't know. She shook her head to get rid of the memory. She'd deal with Beckett later.

Ricca spoke into the walkie talkie. "Couple has arrived. Please lay out the first course. Make sure to present Lila with her juice as soon as she steps into the tent."

The assistant at the tent replied. "Understood, over."

Ricca cleared her throat and took another sip of the juice. She was so thirsty. She really should have had something to eat before she'd left home, but she'd almost overslept after finally getting to sleep after a sleepless night. She’d been thinking about Beckett of course.

Her boss examined her. "Are you feeling okay?"

"Yeah, just a little tired. And thirsty, the dry air is messing with me, I guess."

Serena was shifting her weight again. What the hell is up with her today? Maybe she was nervous about the fantasy. Things had gone so wrong on the first one. It was understandable that Serena would be nervous. Hell, Ricca was nervous. But today was going to go off without a hitch. Ricca scratched her hair and took another drink.

"Hey, Serena, can you hand me one of those water bottles over there? This juice isn't hitting the spot.”

Serena eyed her. "Mmm, okay," she said as she handed Ricca a bottle of water. "I'm going to send Beckett in to observe with you, and I’ll watch from the trailers."

Ricca was preoccupied watching the monitors. She wanted to make sure that Lila got her juice and had her blood tested. When that went fine, she watched as the dates were passed around and started to breathe a sigh of relief.

"What’s up? Serena said you needed me in here?"

Beckett's voice startled Ricca, and she whirled around. "Oh, um, not really. She just said she wanted to watch from the trailer. I’d rather she not be looking over my shoulder."

"I feel you."

Ricca scratched her arm again before wiping the sweat off her brow with the back of her hand. It was like someone had turned the heat on or something. "Shit, when did it get so hot? We've got the standing A/C units on, but I’m suffering in here."

Beckett frowned at her. "It’s barely seventy in here. You okay?"

"Yeah. Why is everyone asking me that?"

She scratched again absently, before taking a good look at her arm. Under her brown skin, she noticed the angry red welts. Her throat tingled, and she coughed. Oh shit.

"Ricca, you don't look so good. You’re turning red. What’s going on?"

Anxiously, Ricca looked around, desperately looking for her purse. Fuck, she'd left it in the trailer. "Beck—" She tried to speak, but her throat wouldn't cooperate. She tried to suck in a breath, but the air wouldn't come.

Beckett's eyes, wide and frantically searching her gaze, settled on her lips. "Ricca, your lips, they're swollen. I love the full lip look honey, but why do you look like you injected a round of collagen?"

Fear coursing through her veins, she eyed the glass of juice. Shit. Had there been strawberries in that? With the only gasp of air she could muster, she grabbed Beckett’s arm. "Epi Pen. T-t-trailer." It was the only thought she had, before darkness edged her vision, and she collapsed.

****

Beckett had never run so fast in his entire life. After checking Ricca’s breathing and pulse, he immediately left her where she was and sprinted to the trailer. He shouted directions as he went for someone to call an ambulance.

To one of the veterinarians, he shouted, “Allergy, anaphylaxis, secondary tent.”

The guy was a vet, but maybe he knew something that would make Ricca feel better while they waited for the ambulance. Beckett’s legs pumped, and his heart thudded, nearly exploding behind his ribs. He'd never been out for track and field in high school or college. Swimming had always been his thing, but man did he fly.

As soon as he reached the trailer, Serena tossed Ricca's purse at him, looking distraught. "One of the interns called me. Beckett, hurry." He snapped up the purse, turned on a dime, then sprinted back to Ricca. From the corner of his eye, he got a glance at the fantasy tent. Despite all the commotion, Lila and Roberto could still continue their fantasy. His job depended on this one fantasy going right. First he’d make sure Ricca was okay, then he’d run the rest of this thing and leave the client none the wiser.

When he reached the secondary tent, he pushed the vet aside. He dumped the contents of her purse and snatched up her EPI Pen. Not even thinking twice, he rolled her on her side and yanked her linen pants down from her hip, exposing bare cinnamon colored skin. He then yanked the cap off the EPI Pen, grabbed the alcohol swab the vet handed him, and drove the pen home, pushing the meds into Ricca's system.

In front of his eyes, he watched as almost immediately, the quality of her skin changed. The angry red stains were soon vanishing. The swelling of her lips reduced from pillowy and resembling a busted lip, to looking like she'd been thoroughly kissed.

Her eyes fluttered, and he lowered his head to hers. “C’mon, please be okay. Please be okay. I need you to be okay.” He said silent prayers, but no one answered.

When he didn’t immediately feel her breath, he rolled her back on her back, tilted her head back, and prepared to begin CPR. It was when he lowered his lips to hers that he felt her warm breath come out in a whoosh.

He was so relieved he didn't even care that his eyes stung with impeding tears. Holy shit. He’d almost lost her. Shit. What would have happened if he hadn’t been here to witness the allergy attack? What would have happened if he hadn’t found her medication?

Icicles formed in his belly. His stomach muscles convulsed as he tried to avoid vomiting.

The EMTs they had on standby came over and checked her out, commending him on his quick thinking.

He watched them work as they checked her vitals.

It wasn't until several hours later that Beckett finally breathed a sigh of relief. The med team had looked Ricca over and said she was okay to head home. Most of the fantasy was over, and he'd left Carter and Emily in charge of getting the happy couple back on the camels and into civilization.

After they returned to San Diego, Beckett watched Ricca as she slept. She'd been in and out for several hours, and he didn't trust the EMTs when they said she didn't need to go to the hospital. Her breathing was fine, the ugly red patches of skin were gone, and her lips had returned to normal. But he refused to leave.

How the hell had this happened? The EMT had said she had a nasty allergic reaction but it could have been worse. How the hell could that have been worse? Ricca was so anal about ingesting anything with strawberries in it. Even when she made someone a strawberry shortcake cake for their birthday, she wore gloves. Her fingers would swell up if she didn't. She wouldn't take that kind of risk by eating one.

He'd also checked with the planning team. No matter how romantic it would be to have them, there were no strawberries, chocolate-covered or otherwise, anywhere on location. Mainly to protect Lila. But this never should have happened.

Emily had said the only thing Ricca had to eat or drink was the juice previously meant for Lila and some water. Had their vendor they used for all the food screwed up? If so, that was a pretty big fuck up.

He scrubbed his face as he watched Ricca from the chair in her bedroom. He’d deal with the vendor later. The first incident had been an accident. This was a coincidence...maybe. He’d do a full debrief with the team in the morning. If Lila had ingested this, not only would they fail on a mission of this magnitude, but sure as hell they’d be sued. He and Rica fired for sure.

An errant thought planted in his brain and took hold. Who would stand to gain from him and Ricca getting fired? Angel. He didn't have any proof, but he sure as hell was going to put Caleb on the case. If these weren’t just accidents, they had to know. And if Angel was behind them, then she needed to picture herself in prison orange.

Ricca stirred on the bed, and Beckett moved in to kneel beside her. When her wide brown eyes blinked at him, he smiled. "Hey, beautiful. Nice to see those eyes again. Have to tell you the swollen look is not a good look for you. Good thing, I love you just as you are." His brain stuttered. Fuck, had he just used the L-word? Damn it. No, this was Ricca, she would know what he meant.

Ricca blinked again, then muttered something that sounded an awful lot like jackass. He grinned. She was going to be fine.

When she tried to push herself up into a sitting position, he immediately rose to his feet and helped her upright. "Whoa, maybe you should lie down. You had a rough day."

"Beckett, I'm fine. Just a little thirsty. "

“Do me a favor and just lie back down, would you?"

"You know, you don’t have to hover."

"Well, I was worried about you. So yes, I do have to hover." She looked fine, but he couldn’t be sure. Seeing her collapse like that—his heart would probably never recover. "You have to promise not to pull some shit like that ever again. Unless, of course, I concede that neither LeBron nor Kobe can ever match Jordan’s success."

She scoffed. "As if you would ever say that. You’re stubborn, even when you’re wrong. Not a good trait to have." She swiped her hair out of her eyes. Looking down at her tank top and pajama bottoms, she frowned. "I'm famished. Can you help me out of bed? I've got some stuff in the fridge. Are you hungry, I could make you—"

“No. Stay there. The doctor said you needed to take it easy. I'll get you what you need."

"I'm pretty sure the doctor also intended for me to eat actual food, not the cardboard you normally whip up."

"Frankly, Ricca, I’m concerned that you think I would even go near your carefully organized kitchen. I already called for takeout from that Pho place on fifth. It'll be here soon."

Her face lit up, “Oh, did you get the one with—"

“Pork and spring rolls? Yes. You think I don’t know your order by now? It's only been how many years?"

She nodded but stayed silent. Here it was. Apology time, and he had no grand gesture or anything under his belt to offer. "Ricca, look. I'm really sorry about the other day with Braedon. The whole thing actually. I should have told you about the women. I honestly didn’t see the purpose in hurting you anymore. If I’d even thought you were considering going back to him, I would have told you."

She shook her head. "I’m sorry too. I guess I overreacted. Braedon is firmly in my past, and I won’t go there again. I shouldn’t have been so angry. But just the idea that you knew and didn’t tell me…that this was some secret you were keeping for him. It didn’t feel so hot."

“I swear, if I’d known when the two of you were together, I would have made him tell you.”

“Have you talked to him since the rumble?”

“No.” He shook his head. “I’m persona non grata right now. He hasn’t even shown up to do any work on the gym. He’s pretty pissed about the two of us.”

She chewed her bottom lip for a moment. A move that made him want to take over the task for her. Then finally, she shrugged. “I could give a good goddamn about how he feels about us sleeping together. It falls into the realm of none of his business. Though, I’m sorry that you guys aren’t talking right now.”

“He’ll come around.”

She peered at him. “So, I was thinking, maybe you and I could go on a date.”

His eyebrows shot up. “A date?”

“Yeah. You and I have sort of jumped into this thing without actually doing the get–to-know-you phase. I don’t know what we’re doing, but maybe we can fill in some of the missed steps.”

He smiled. “I think that’s a good idea. We can maybe start to figure out what we’re doing here.”

She nodded and tugged on the hem of her tank top. “I was thinking that maybe we take this a little more casually. The most important thing to me is our friendship, and clearly we have a problem keeping our hands off each other. So what if we did more of a friends with benefits thing?”

A stab of pain wormed through his body. “Friends with benefits?”

“Yeah, that way we can have the fun without any of the complicated stuff.”

In a million years, he’d never thought Ricca would go for something like this. It should make him happy. Yet somehow it took the wind out of his sails. But he’d take her any way he could get her right now. Maybe they’d figure it all out. “We can try. We’ll see what happens.”

As if sensing his hesitation, she changed the topic. “Well, think about it. How’s the eye?”

“It’s fine. A little tender, but okay. Braedon hits like a drunken sorority girl.” He cleared his throat. "So we’re okay?" A small part of his subconscious wondered how this thing that was supposed to be light and carefree felt an awful lot like a relationship.

"We’re good. So maybe now I can eat something?"

"Is your stomach all you ever think about?"

"No, but I'm starving. I didn't eat all day, then me and the strawberries did the tango, and I'm starving now."

"Well, food will be here soon. But I wanted to ask you something first. You think it was your strawberry allergy?"

"Must have been. I’m not allergic to anything else. I guess the juice we brought for Lila had strawberries in it. I was really clear on the instructions though. Fancy Juice is going to get an earful from me tomorrow. They could have killed her." Ricca paused, frowning. "Wait, why didn't they kill her? She drank it too, right?"

"Exactly. I've been trying to figure out what happened all day. You guys share the same allergy. If you had a reaction, she should have too, but she was fine. I checked. As far as she and Roberto are concerned, they had a fantastic magical day in an oasis in the desert."

"Oh, thank God. I was pretty sure we'd be fired for sure if something happened to her.”

“I’m starting to think this isn’t a coincidence. The driving course, and now this?"

"Aren’t I supposed to be the one with the conspiracy theories? You never liked The X-Files."

"All I know is something isn’t right. The juice in the prepped glass had strawberries in it, but not the pitcher. It’s the only explanation since we know for a fact that Lila drank the juice and she was okay. So either someone was trying to hurt you or someone was trying to hurt Lila."

“It just makes no sense. Why would anyone want to hurt Lila?”

“I don’t know. But maybe this is about us. Ruin the fantasy, and we don’t get the job.”

Ricca’s eyes widened. “Angel.”

“That’s what I’m thinking.”

“But murder is really extreme. Even for her. Roberto could have been killed. Lila could have been killed. Angel is a mean-spirited bitch, but she’s not a sociopath.”

She had a point there. “Okay, look. I’ll talk to her and see if maybe some harmless pranks have turned into something more dangerous.”

“Fine. But honestly, you know how much I hate her, and I still think this is crazy. Even for her.”

Maybe Ricca had a point. But he wasn’t going to let it go. He’d talk to Angel. Then he’d take his suspicions to Serena. He didn’t give a shit what happened to him, but Ricca’s life wasn’t one he wanted to play around with.

Ricca had a point, but something wasn’t right here. Just as he opened his mouth to argue with her, there was a knock at the door. As he got the take out and set up the kitchen table, his mind continued to work on it. Someone had tried to hurt them, and he wanted to know who.

Later that night, Beckett almost broke his own rule. He held Ricca as she slept, content to do nothing more than hold her, which was a first. Forcing his mind to relax, he drifted off to sleep.

He wasn’t sure how many hours had passed when the most intense pleasure rocketed through his dick and radiated throughout his body. He groaned, and his fingers dug into the sheets, desperate to hold onto the intense rush. Ricca.

He forced his eyes open, and there she was, like a goddess between his legs, stroking the length of him with her tongue. He’d removed his jeans before getting into bed with her, but he’d left his boxers on. Tonight was supposed to be about comforting, not sex. Apparently, Ricca had other plans.

As she caressed him, she stopped just short of the most sensitive spot at the underside of the tip. Beckett held his breath as Ricca went still, only her breath whispering over his rigid erection. Suddenly, she flicked the sensitive tip with her dexterous tongue. Beckett’s hips rose, and he ground out a string of curses through his teeth.

He dropped his head back, and harsh ragged breaths tore out of his chest as she took all of him into her mouth and sucked. She wrapped delicate hands around the base of his shaft and milked him with her hands and mouth. Shifting one of her hands from his erection, she gently caressed his balls.

“Jesus. Fuck, Ricca. Are you trying to kill me?”

She licked him once, then twice before beaming up at him. “I wanted to see if I could make you lose control.” Her cheeks went pink in the soft moonlight of her bedroom. She pumped him with her hands. “I wanted to see if I could make you lose control again. Like the other night.”

“Ricca, I—” His brain was already on vacation. What was he trying to tell her? Oh yeah, there it was, the reasons he wasn’t going to be a complete asshole and bury himself in her until he couldn’t remember his name. “You—” She licked him again. Shit. “Long day—” She swirled her tongue over the tip of his erection, and his spine tingled. “Not fair—”

She stroked him again, then looked up at him thoughtfully. “So you mean, now isn’t a good time to mention that I’m on the pill and we don’t need to used condoms?”

Beckett flipped her on her back before his conscious mind even registered her words. Yanking her pajama bottoms down with her panties, he slipped his hands up under her tank top, and she moaned when his hands came in contact with her breasts.

Beckett wasted no time once he’d divulged her of her clothes. He kicked his boxers off, wincing as he shoved the cotton material off his rigid erection. Kissing her breasts, he slipped his hand between them and stroked her core. She was already so wet, so ready for him.

As he suckled her right breast, he slipped two fingers inside her and growled as her flesh contracted around his fingers. With his thumb, he stroked her clit. She tugged on his hair, clamping him to her breast.

He scraped her nipple lightly with his teeth, and she shivered underneath him. “Turn over, baby.”

He removed his fingers and helped her into a kneeling position. “Here, put your hands up on the headboard and hold on tight.” Her breaths were ragged, but she did as he said. Shifting into position behind her, he nipped her shoulder. “Now, I need you to show me how you like to be touched.”

Beneath him, she froze. He kissed the nape of her neck and stroked her breast. “Here, let me help you. Taking her right hand into his, he smoothed their hands on her hips, then down to the juncture between her thighs. Intertwining their fingers, he whispered. “I want to make you feel good. I need you to teach me.”

He led her fingers in stroking her clit in slow steady circles. She was so slick, so wet for him already. Her breath hitched, and he gently pinched her nipple. “You like this?”

Her response was soft and breathy. “Y-yes.”

“Good. I just want to make you happy.” Removing his hand from her breast, he shifted behind her and aligned his erection with her dewy center. “Lean forward for me, baby. Just a little and—” Oh, God. The moment the tip of his sensitive flesh met her molten heat, his hips jerked. He slid in slowly, gritting his teeth.

Their bodies rocked together, and Ricca welcomed every thrust with one of her own. With their hands fused together, she led him in a tutorial he would never forget.

When he felt her inner walls convulse around him, he moved both his hands to her hips and held on tight as he increased the pace. Rockets of pleasure were shooting from the base of his spine, but he held the orgasm at bay until he felt her jerk and quiver in his hands. Meeting him thrust for thrust, Ricca exploded around him and called his name as she came.

As Beckett’s release spiraled through his body, he knew he wouldn’t be able to let go of her anytime soon.





Chapter Eighteen


“We think Angel is sabotaging the missions.”

With sweat slick hands, Ricca listened to Beckett as he presented their evidence to Serena. She had no idea how Serena would react. She tried to pay attention to the strong case Beckett was making against Angel, but she kept getting distracted by the day-old stubble on his chin. Her lips twitched as she tried to hide her smile. He’d left beard burn on some interesting spots on her body.

Serena angled her head and listened intently. Eventually, her boss let out a slow breath before speaking. "Okay, I hear you. Angel has been perhaps not so nice to Ricca in the past. But I do need proof, and if you can prove she's behind all these incidents, then I’ll be the first one to jump on that bandwagon. Until then, there’s not much I can do. These are some pretty serious allegations."

Ricca couldn’t believe her ears. Her brows furrowed as she spoke. “Serena, we have another fantasy today. Neither one of us wants anything to go wrong, but you have to take us seriously. Something isn’t right.”

Serena brushed her long hair off her shoulder. “I agree that it is suspicious. But I need proof. Do you have any?”

“No, but you have to keep her off site today.”

Serena’s brows drew down. “At this late stage in the game? No can do. I need all hands on deck today.” Serena slid her Jackie O sunglasses on over her nose. “Bring me some proof, and I’ll have her fired. Until then, there isn’t much I can do.”

Forget fired—Ricca wanted Angel’s skinny ass in jail.

Beckett snagged her hand and tugged. “Come on, Baby. Let’s go.”

How the hell couldn’t Serena see what was happening? How the hell couldn’t Serena see that this went way beyond high school grousing and evil hazing rituals? Angel had nearly killed both her and Beckett. That had to be attempted murder or something.

As Serena stalked off toward the track, Ricca frowned. “She barely even listened to us. I don’t understand how she doesn’t see what Angel’s been up to.”

“She has a point. We’ll get the proof we need. Right now, we need to get this fantasy going.”

He was right. It didn’t mean she had to like it. She followed him, keeping an eye out for Angel. Heat rose in waves off the tarmac. A quarter mile down the track, teams of people worked on the two cars. Since Roberto’s first fantasy had gone so horribly wrong, they’d opted to give him a do-over of sorts.

They’d managed to procure a Fisker Karma and a Bugatti Veyron for racing purposes. Roberto had almost died when he and Lila had shown up at the track. He’d run over to the Karma and standing shock still, had stared, open mouthed.

Beckett squeezed her hand. “You need to relax. Stay out of Angel’s way if you see her okay? And for the love of God, don’t eat anything you didn’t bring with you yourself. If you feel sick, just head back to the hotel. I’ll come find you later.”

Ricca rolled her eyes. His concern was sweet. And his intense gaze made her tingle in all kinds of delicious places. “I hear you. But I’ll be fine.” She hesitated a minute, not wanting to come off like a clingy girlfriend or something. Guys like Beckett needed their space. But she also didn’t want to see him hurt.

Defeat made for a nauseous meal in her belly. “Beckett, I don’t think you should drive today. We should try and postpone.”

"Ree, I get it, you’re concerned. It's your job to worry about people. You’ve been doing it as long as I've known you. But don’t worry today, okay? Angel has no access to the cars. I made sure of that. You see those beefy knuckle draggers over there?” He indicated two behemoths by the cars looking very large…and capable.

She nodded.

“Their whole purpose is to make sure no one tampers with those cars. They’ve been given the run down. The car company sent them, along with the mechanics. It’ll be fine. Angel may be on the fantasy today, but she can’t hurt either one of us."

Ricca chewed her bottom lip. "So you're saying if nothing happens we’ll need more proof?"

He chuckled ruefully. "Well that, and we live another day. We’ll sort it out. I promise."

She sighed. "Fine, go play with the shiny toy. I'll just stand here with paramedics on standby."

He jogged off to join Roberto and the techs. The techs stood by the cars, giving instructions to Roberto, showing him the fancy computers they used to measure each car’s performance. Beckett looked as happy as Roberto did. He was such a motor head. If it went vroom, he pretty much was reduced to a stuttering, drooling mess. He loved cars almost as much as he loved being in the water.

She wasn’t needed on this fantasy, but she'd come to support Lila. She knew her new friend was a little nervous, considering the car crash. Besides, even if Lila didn't know it, she'd almost died yesterday.

Lila grinned when she saw Ricca coming up the stands that had been set up for spectators. "Hey there. I didn’t see you at all yesterday."

Ricca did a brief memory scan from the day before and considered what to divulge. "Yeah I was strictly behind the scenes yesterday. Unlike Beckett, my fantasies don't usually involve me being seen and interactive." She smiled. "I'm pretty sure my clients prefer it that way."

Lila giggled. "Yes, good point. Would have made for awkward drinks and lunch if Roberto and I were caught by you doing all kinds of kinky things in that tent."

Ricca gave her a bemused smile. Lila was lovely. Kinky and her didn’t necessarily fit well. She wouldn't choose this time to tell Lila that cameras were planted all over the outside of the tents and that the waiters had been just within earshot to give the couple privacy. But if Lila and Roberto had gotten up to all kinds of fun, then they might have been overheard.

“Jesus, Ricca, you look tense. Why are you so nervous?" Lila indicated her hands. “You don’t have to watch Roberto drive, you know."

Yeah, that’s what you think. "I'm always around on fantasies. It makes me feel better if I can monitor everything myself. To be sure..."

Lila's eyes softened as she gave Ricca a small smile. "There was nothing you could have done to prevent Roberto from driving that day. He wanted to be behind that wheel. It was a total freak accident. Preliminary checks of the car wouldn't even have revealed anything. He’s fine, and he had a great time. Today you’ve taken every precaution. Just let the guys have fun.” She drew in a breath. “He says Beckett can be his wingman any time. And I agree." Lila nodded enthusiastically. "Beckett saved his life."

Ricca gazed out across the track as the guys put on their identical protective jumpsuits. The two of them grinned like idiots as they clapped each other on the back. What was it about men's sports? There was always some kind of homoerotic element. "Oh I know. He does stuff like that all the time. Not saving lives, but risking them. He'd be the one to know what to do in that situation."

Ricca felt Lila's gaze on her face for a second too long, and her skin grew hot and prickly under the scrutiny.

"Oh my God, you’re in love with him.” Lila squeezed her arm, and Ricca winced with pain. For such a little thing, Lila sure was strong.

"No. Sorry to disappoint you, but I’m not."

Lila's eyes narrowed. "Don’t lie to me. I see the way you look at him. You’re tracking his every movement. You can’t take your eyes off of him." Lila chortled. "And who can blame you? He's got a great ass."

Ricca turned on her new friend, mouth agog.

"Oh come on. You can’t tell me you haven’t noticed."

"Well, of course I have. He runs around flaunting it every chance he gets, but you're married. Eyeballs to yourself."

"Married ain’t dead." She laughed. “But to me, Roberto is hunk on a stick."

Ricca smiled and ignored the twinge of jealousy. She’d love to have that kind of relationship with someone one day. “You two make a great pair."

"Just like you and Beckett. I heard how he took care of you yesterday when you were sick."

Ricca blushed, thinking about how she and Beckett ‘took care’ of each other. "Lila, honestly. You’re only going to be disappointed. He’s not that kind of guy, and frankly, I know better." As she uttered the words, her heart gave a tug. If she really knew better, then why were Lila's words ringing true? Who the hell was she kidding? Any way she could have him, she wanted him. Pathetic. "We’re friends."

"Honey, if I had a friend like that, who looked at me the way he looks at you, I'd be in a whole mess of trouble. Not to mention Roberto would lock me in a tower with dragons and vampires to guard it."

Ricca chuckled. “Beckett’s not the marrying kind."

Lila shrugged. "You might be right there. Guys like him were meant to be enjoyed by the masses. No one marries that guy."

For the next hour and a half, Ricca watched Roberto and Beckett race along the banked track. Beckett even looked like he was having fun—really enjoying himself. It was moments like this, when Ricca watched him from afar, that she wondered how they'd ever managed to become friends. He looked like the natural athlete he was, perfectly natural sliding into the Bugatti as if he were made to sit behind the luxury super car.

As the final race ended, she breathed a sigh of relief. No incidents. Nothing. Everything was fine. Maybe Serena was right and they had overreacted. But still, her gut told her something wasn’t right. She wouldn't do anything about it now. All she could do was prepare for their big finale and hope she didn’t lose her heart or her life in the process.

"I’m not in love with him," Ricca mumbled under her breath. Yeah right. The lies we tell ourselves. But she'd gone into this like a big girl, and she'd been having fun. But they wouldn't be able to go on like this for much longer. She’d already spent years in love with him. If she didn't stop soon, she'd be too far gone to ever be able to let go. Just a little longer. She could keep it light and free for just a little longer. She’d stop before she got too deep, fell too hard.

In a heartbeat, her whole world went into slow motion. As Roberto and Beckett did another loop on the track, the Veyron’s tires screeched. Tires smoked. Immediately, the Karma slowed and did a U-turn in the opposite direction. Every tech on the track ran toward Beckett and the Veyron. At the speed it was going, Ricca worried he’d hit the sides. Or worse, that the car would flip.

Beckett held fast, drifting the car to a full stop. As he shoved open the driver’s side door in a cloud of smoke, he stumbled out, yanking at his suit. Ricca watched in horror as the techs reached him and the car and he shoved them away. All she could hear from her vantage point were his shouts of pain. Shit. Something was wrong. Very wrong.

The stands erupted. Ricca was on her feet and running down the stairs as fast as she could with four-inch heels on. Lila was right behind her. "Ricca, I'm sure he'll be fine."

Ricca hoped so, but as soon as she reached the track, she watched in muted terror as Beckett yanked off his suit. His arms were red and blistered as were his hands. Lines of panic etched on his normally handsome face, as he hurriedly tried to step out of the suit. As he finally got the suit off, he leaned against the Veyron for support, before sliding down to sit with his blistered palms facing up and his eyes fluttering closed.

Not even thinking, Ricca judged the distance to center of the track. Slipping off her shoes, she handed them to Lila. "Do me a favor and hold onto these for me, would you?"

Without waiting for an answer, she scooted back onto the railing, then swung her legs over the side and jumped. Limbs flailing, she freefell, nearly landing flat on her ass. Ignoring the looks and shouts, she sprinted over to Beckett’s prone form and elbowed between two paramedics. When she laid eyes on him, not giving a shit who saw her or thought he was weak, she wrapped her body around his. "Beckett Mills, you wake up right now, do you hear me? You are officially not allowed to give me any more scares. I'm not interested. Wake up, you moron."

His voice was low as he muttered, "You always were a bit melodramatic."

Ricca sat back and stared at him. He was okay. "Seriously, you’re fine?"

He nodded. "Yeah, relax I’m okay. Just a few blisters. Mostly on my hands and arms I think." He grinned. “Could have been worse and been my face.”

Ricca stifled an eye roll. "You scared the shit out of me. I thought we had a deal about that. You agreed that you wouldn't scare me anymore. Remember that?"

"Seems to have slipped my memory."

Lila ran over. As she reached the group, she handed Ricca her shoes. "You’re very trusting to hand me your three thousand dollar shoes. You’re lucky I'm an honest woman. I could have made out like a bandit.”

Ricca wrapped her arms around Beckett again. "I was worried.”

He sat up and gave her an awkward hug back, taking care with his hands. "Yeah me too. I don’t know what happened. On that last lap I felt like my suit was on fire. I could see it wasn’t, and I didn’t smell any smoke, but my skin...” His voice trailed. “I would have sworn I was in an inferno.”

Roberto came over and knelt beside them. “Well that was one way to throw the race so the client wins.”

Beckett managed a weak smile and focused on Roberto. “You’re okay? Your suit and car?”

Roberto nodded. “Yes. Mostly. I started to get overheated on the last lap as well, but nothing like that.” He indicated Beckett’s burned hands and arms. “I think perhaps because I was wearing long sleeves.”

Beckett slanted her a look, and Ricca kept her mouth shut. They’d deal with what happened once they were out of earshot of the clients. The paramedics came back over with what looked like a vat of cream, and they moved Ricca aside. She eyed Beckett, taking in a full inventory of his prone form. "You’re sure you’re okay?"

His brow furrowed as if doing a mental check of his vitals. "Just the blisters and burns. That’s about it."

Stepping aside to let the paramedics work, she hugged herself tight. Someone had tampered with both driving suits, and she had a good idea who.





Chapter Nineteen


Beckett rooted around the pile of wood. Grabbing a long 2x4, he turned toward the table saw. If he could get this last row of doorframes done, he’d be calling it a day. He still had to grab a shower before he hit the engagement party tonight for Jaya and Alec.

The last week had been such a blur of activity. He hadn’t been able to see Ricca since the polo fantasy. They’d spoken briefly, but that was it. His body already craved hers. He’d been such a bear the last couple of days. And since no one else knew about them, even though they’d hung out with their friends the night of the polo fantasy, they hadn’t gotten any alone time with everyone around.

He had it bad. He had two other adventure fantasies to think about, and his brain had been completely preoccupied with Ricca. He’d considered telling her after the polo fantasy how he felt about her, but knew that would complicate things. He also considered breaking things off between them. He was far from the no strings attachment she said she wanted. How the hell had it happened? In the few short weeks since the gala, he’d fallen in love with her. Who the hell was he kidding—he’d been half in love with her for years.

“It’s nice to see you still honor some commitments.”

Beckett whirled around at the sound of his brother’s voice. “Braedon. Where the hell have you been? I’ve been calling you.”

Braedon gripped the top of the doorjamb to the locker room and let his body hang forward. “Well that’s the thing about not wanting anyone to find you. You sort of have to make it difficult for them to call.”

Beckett turned off the table saw and sighed. “Are we going to talk about this?”

Braedon tipped his chin up, indicating Beckett’s face. “I see you’re still pretty. I must not have hit you hard enough.”

Beckett shrugged. “You sort of hit like Grandma, but you got your point across.”

“You mean the part where I told you I was displeased with you fucking my ex?”

“Not quite how I remember you saying it, but yeah. I get why you’re mad.”

Braedon’s eyes narrowed. “You still don’t seem particularly sorry.”

Beckett shoved his hands in his pockets. “That’s because I’m not.”

“You’re an asshole, you know that?”

“Trust me, Braedon, when I say, you’re not the first person to tell me that. But listen up. I never intended for it to happen, it just did.”

“And when the fuck were you going to tell me? After you two had a couple of kids on the way?”

“It’s not like that.”

“Then what is it like, baby brother? You knew how I felt about her.”

Beckett paced between the locker banks. “That’s just it, Braedon. If you really had a thing for her, you would have never cheated. You’d have done everything in your power to get her back. But you didn’t. You never even told her you were sorry. I’ve been carrying around your secret for years because you asked me to. If you wanted her back, you’d have been honest with her then.”

Braedon scoffed. “You think you can make her happy? Shit, little brother, you’re worse than I am. I’ve never seen you stick with anything, not even a pet. If you think I’m a pussy hound, what the hell do you think you’re going to do to her?”

The truth sliced deep and wide. Braedon knew he had no business screwing around with Ricca. But she’d said she didn’t want a relationship. Her terms. Her rules. Problem was, he wanted to change the terms. “It’s not a relationship. It’s a little comp—” Why the hell was he trying to explain his fucked up situation to Braedon? “It’s complicated.”

Braedon stared at him for several heart beats, then broke out into a wide grin. “Holy shit. You’re in love with her.”

“No. I’m not.” The lie tasted like copper.

“Oh yes, you are. I can see it. But she isn’t down for the serious thing. Oh, wow. This is priceless. Almost makes up for you fucking my ex.”

“Get over it already. You don’t actually want her. You’re just pissed off because she doesn’t want you.”

Braedon shuffled his feet. “I, uh, might have overreacted the other day.”

Beckett knew that was the closest thing to an apology he’d get out of his big brother, so he tried to be gracious. “You ready to get off your lazy ass and actually do some work now? We’re way behind schedule on the renovations to this part.”

Braedon nodded. “Yeah. I also tried to talk to Dad. He’s not willing to budge. Keeps insisting you’ll come to heel.”

Beckett let out a long breath. It wasn’t like he expected his father to actually cave, but there’d been some hope. “There go our plans. Without him officially turning over my half of the building and the money Mom left, we’re not going to be open in time for her birthday. Unless I get a miracle.”

“He’s just being spiteful. This has more to do with her than with you, Beckett. He still hasn’t forgiven her for leaving him.”

“My problem or his, it still ends up being our problem. I wanted kids to be able to train here for the World Championships next year, but it’s not going to happen. He won’t listen, and I’m not giving up what I want to toe the line.”

Braedon sighed and stepped through the door. “Sometimes I wish I had your fuck it all attitude.” He grabbed one of the drills. “Maybe I’d be happier.”

“Who says I’m happy? I’m sleeping with my best friend, who I know I’m no good for. I’m pouring every cent I have into a ramshackle building for the memory of a dead woman. And my brother hates me.”

“Well, cheer up, little brother. Your brother doesn’t hate you. You were right. About Ricca. I like the idea of her, but I have a slight commitment problem.”

Beckett laughed ruefully. “I think that’s an inherited trait.”

They worked silently for another thirty minutes before Braedon spoke. “Seriously though, what are you going to do about Ricca?”

“The only thing I can do, if I don’t want to damage our friendship for good—stop sleeping with her.”

****

Ricca watched the first of three engagement parties from Jaya's balcony. Ever since Jaya had gotten engaged to billionaire Alec Westhorpe, their wedding had become the social event of the year. Alec’s mother Adele Westhorpe wanted to throw the happy couple a big splashy engagement party. Jaya’s father, not to be outdone, wanted his event planning company to throw a party as well. But Jaya and Alec had wanted something that was for their close friends and family.

Jaya’s place wasn't that big, so this was the more intimate of the engagement parties. And here Ricca was, hiding out on the balcony. She’d had a rough January so far and was in no mood to mingle.

But there was no way in hell she was skipping Jaya’s party.

The twenty-five or so guests milled around and laughed and talked. Micha was getting the party started with some dancing. Ricca had already provided the dancing music with some dancehall and calypso.

No matter how hard she tired, she couldn't peel her eyes away from the door. Beckett wasn’t here yet. She hadn’t seen him since the last fantasy, a couple days ago. He’d been slammed with his portion of the next fantasy and had been working on the building rehab single-handedly. She knew she had it bad because she felt itchy and tight from not seeing him. Her body was coiled like a snake’s. He was quickly becoming a habit she couldn’t break. And sneaking around with him was going to cost her dearly. Jaya and Micha were already doing the eggshell dance around her. Though that was likely because they thought she was nursing a break up.

She hated lying to them. She was a shit-poor liar too. More than once she’d caught Micha giving her the stink eye as if she was trying to decipher what was going on. But Ricca wasn't ready to tell anyone yet. For now, Beckett was hers, a secret she needed to keep. She didn’t need to share him. Micha and Jaya would worry about her getting hurt. But he was her drug of choice.

"If you keep standing here looking so beautiful, I'm going to have to beat off some other guys with a stick."

Ricca jumped at the deep voice from the shadows in the left. "Jesus Christ, Beckett. You scared the shit out of me. When did you get here? I didn’t see you come in."

"I snuck in a little bit ago, when that waiter was trying to get you to try one of the strawberry shortcake things."

She raised her eyebrows. "Yeah, I've had enough strawberries, thanks. He kept trying to convince me they were an aphrodisiac." She rolled her eyes.

"Can't blame a guy for trying."

“Whatever." Why are you in the shadows? I can’t see you at all."

"That's the point." He came out of the shadows and joined her at the railing. "You really are beautiful tonight."

Beckett reached for her hand, simply inching his toward hers. Her whole body was already throbbing, desperate to go somewhere private so she could be alone with him. But she couldn’t very well leave Jaya's engagement party.

"Beckett, what are you doing? Someone will see us."

She couldn’t see his face for the shadows, but she heard his smile when he said, "Is that so bad? What if someone did see us, and what if we were doing a lot more than touching fingertips? I can just picture Pierre Trudeaux 's face now. Or even better Madame Westhorpe’s."

Ricca smirked. "Something tells me that old lady has seen her fair share of sex on balconies."

Beckett's chuckle was low, and it made her insides melt. "All I want to do is touch you. Just a little. No one will see us."

"Beckett, we have a rule against this. We’re hardly keeping this secret if someone catches us out here."

"I know. But I want you. And I know you want me too. I can feel it. The tension in your body. Just let me make you feel good. That’s all I want.”

Ricca shook with anticipation. His pinky inched closer to her hand and lightly traced a pattern in her palm. "Just a taste."

"Everyone will see us."

"They don't have to. It's dark out here. Everyone is busy. They won't miss us. Besides…" He shrugged. "They'll assume we're arguing sports stats. And I'm more than happy to oblige their delusions. I think I have a way to convince you that in his lifetime LeBron will outshine Jordan.”

The timber of his voice had her body softening, ripening for his touch. He was right. She did want him. But like hell she was going to concede this point. "You’re welcome to try, but I'm not budging. You’re just plain wrong."

He held out his hand. "If you’re so sure of your stance, then follow me into the dark. I promise you no one will see."

She wanted to. God, how she wanted to. She wanted nothing more than to abandon good sense and take him up on his offer. She needed him.

She stared at his hand, then ran through the myriad of reasons she wasn’t going to do this. Then she looked up at his partially hidden face. His deep blue eyes were dark with arousal.

Ricca licked her lips as she took his hand. In an instant, his fingers wrapped around hers and tugged her into the darkness to the far corner of the balcony. Lifting her, he placed her on the corner of the railing and stepped between her legs. "God, you are so unbelievably sexy tonight. From the moment I walked in, I practically followed your perfume out here. The hair, the dress…I've been dying standing here, watching you.”

His kiss was hard and a little rough. With his big hands, he scooped her up by her ass and tucked her right up against his erection. "See how much I’ve missed you,” he mumbled against her lips.

She gasped as his thumbs traced circles over her nipples. "God, Beckett."

"Mm, baby?" He traced a pattern of kisses from her ear to her clavicle. "I like it when you say my name. Can you do it again?" He rolled her nipple with his thumb and forefinger through the thin fabric of her dress.

"Jesus.” Ricca let her head fall back.

“I’m not quite the second coming, but I can do my best."

"Beckett, I—"

With one hand, he held her ass in place as he rocked against her. "I know what you want. It's what I want too. I've been thinking about you since you left me with that erection the other morning."

Ricca shook her head in an effort to think. "You’re the one who left to go to the pool at the crack of dawn. I could have helped you with your little problem."

"Are you up to helping me now?"

She swiveled her hips in response. "Beckett, we’re in the middle of a party."

Through gritted teeth, he touched his forehead to hers. "Ricca. I need you so bad."

Her skin was hot, and the light breeze from the ocean did nothing to help cool her off. Her breasts swelled as she drew in a shuddering breath. Her whole body coiled tight in anticipation of Beckett’s large hands touching her all over. But they couldn’t do this here—in public. This wasn’t her. But God, she wanted him. Just feeling the heat of his body so close to hers had her body humming with anticipation.

Her inner diva shouted. Yes, Girl! Get your man. And make it good. But her rational brain shouted all the reasons she couldn’t. Yet when Beckett circled her nipple once more with the pad of his thumb, she forgot all about her rational mind. Either that or her inner diva beat it into submission. She slid her arms over his broad shoulders and dug her fingers into the muscled flesh.

He bunched up the fabric of her dress so it was just above her knees. He met her gaze. "If I give you want you want, you have to promise to be quiet. I can’t have you alarming the neighbors, like you probably did the other night."

Ricca trembled as she thought of the last time they’d been together. “I seem to recall you were the one screaming."

He raised an eyebrow. "I'll concede that there were a lot of raised voices on both sides." His hands snuck up her thighs several inches. He kissed her again, this time taking his time and pulling a response from her. His hands continued on their path until he reached what should have been her panty line. “Sweet fuck, you're not wearing any underwear."

“I know. I was hoping to surprise you when we got back to my place. I guess I was making the assumption that you were coming over."

Both thumbs slid over her slick outer folds, and he closed his eyes and breathed her name. "Ricca. So soft. And already wet."

"I've been waiting for you." She canted her hips again, and he growled deep in his throat.

"Ricca. I—"

"What’s the matter, Beckett?"

"What am I supposed to do with you?"

"I think you know the answer to that question."

He slid a finger inside her center, and they both moaned. “Beckett, please. Someone's going to see us."

He nipped her neck, then soothed the spot with a light flick of his tongue. "Right now, I don't really care."

He slid another finger inside her, and she let her head hang back as she moaned. He knew exactly how to touch her to get her to melt. And she was addicted to him. His smell, the way he moved. What he could do to her body.

As his fingers retreated, she gasped. "Wait, more." She could almost hear the smug, satisfied, smile in his voice.

But he complied. “Okay, baby. A little more. But I have other plans for you. So don’t you dare distract me.” His thumb circled her clit, and her breath hitched.

"Jesus."

He brought her to the brink with his deft fingers. Sliding into her, stimulating her just so, then pulling back as she teetered on the edge. Beckett dragged down one shoulder of her dress, and both of them hissed when her breast was exposed to the cool air. "Ricca, you’re not wearing a bra either."

"I know that." She grinned. "I already told you I had plans for you after this party. You’re jumping the gun a little. You always were a bit impatient. "

He used his thumb to circle her right nipple, forming it into a tight little bud. Ricca felt every movement and every caress in her core, and she wanted to scream with frustration when he wouldn’t pick up the pace. "Beckett."

Removing his expert thumb, he braced her upper body with his hands and tipped her back, replacing his thumb with his mouth. He suckled and tugged and nipped once, which was enough to send her so close to the edge that he stopped teasing her. "Shh. It's okay. I know you’re frustrated. But I don’t want you to come yet. Wait for me, sweetheart."

"Beckett, I don’t want to wait."

"Now look who's impatient."

He held her still as he removed his fingers. Briefly kissing a path down her sternum, he lifted the fabric of her dress out of the way.

Oh, no, he wasn't. Not here, not…Oh, God.

The moment his lips touched her sex, Ricca trembled and knew he wasn’t going to stop until he got what he wanted from her. Beckett licked at her folds, tracing a path of delight that drove her mad.

He paid very little attention to her clit, only pausing long enough to trace a circle around her most sensitive spot, then move back to his slow licking. Ricca had no other choice but to hold on for the rise.

And she did. She threaded her fingers through his hair and held on tight.

"Shit, Ricca, You are so hot."

All it took was one slower lick, and Ricca knew what was next. She started to quake in his hands. Hot electric current started in her spine and poured through her body. The orgasm crashed through her with no mercy.

Beckett shifted up her body, and Ricca bit her lip. She knew what was coming—what she wanted. The whole reason she'd been staring at that door for the past forty five minutes.

When Beckett slipped inside her, she groaned. The full length of him was almost too much to take. The skin to skin contact somehow hotter than when they used condoms. He held her still and panted, his harsh breath tickling her ear as he whispered, “God. I could stay inside you forever. I need you to do me a favor and be quiet, okay? I think I might die if we get interrupted. And you know how you like to shout."

She smoothed her hands down the back of his tuxedo and smacked him on the ass. He rewarded her with a grunt and drove home again.

"Why didn’t you tell me you were into the kinky stuff? I could have been spanking you a week ago.”

She just groaned. "Beckett, hurry."

He chuckled. “What was it that I said about you keeping quiet?" Both hands gripped her hips and held her tight as he slid his erection home.

Inside, her friends danced and laughed. Outside, Beckett tickled her g-spot, told her in shushed whispers how hot she was. Whispered to her about how he wanted to bend her over the balcony and slip into her from behind. Told her how she was driving him crazy.

She had officially lost her damn mind. But God it felt so good. She became so lost in the sensations of Beckett driving into her and tugging on her nipple that she didn't hear the clomp-clomp of heels. For an instant, when she did hear them, they sounded like they were coming through a tunnel. Slowly, she became more aware of the ambient noise. The voices. Someone calling out to her.

"Ree, are you out here? Damn it, where’ve you gone?"

Beckett clamped a hand over her mouth and kept sliding into her. He whispered in Ricca’s ear, "Do you want me to stop fucking you? If she comes over, we'll have to stop. It might be hours before we can resume.” He jerked his hips, and all she could do was let out a ragged moan.

Micha stopped about 15 feet from them. "Ricca honey, are you crying?"

Ricca’s eyes popped open. The last thing she needed was her friend to come over here. "Micha, I'm fine, I just need a minute."

Beckett pounded his hips again, and she hissed. Lowering his mouth over her nipple, he tugged gently with his teeth, and she dragged in another sob.

Micha took another step forward. "Honey, you don't have to hide out there. Come in, we'll send everyone home and bust out the rocky road. It'll be okay."

"Micha, do not come any closer. I won’t be able take it. Please, I just need a—"

"I…" Micha sounded like she didn’t know what to do. “I don’t want to leave you alone."

"Trust me, I’m embarrassed enough as it is, please just give me ten, okay? Then I'll come in, and we don’t have to ruin Jaya's party."

"I—Okay. If you’re sure.”

Beckett chose that time to clamp a hand on the back of her neck and angle her head back to kiss her.

“"Y-y-yes. I’m sure."

"Okay. But if you don’t come inside in ten, I'm coming back to get you."

Ricca held her breath as Micha walked away, and Beckett took full advantage.

"You'll need to breathe, baby, because you’re about to come."

He was right. By now he knew her body so well. The tingles in the base of her spine had triggered a chain reaction in her body. Her toes had started to curl, and her breasts ached, and her core felt like it was riding a wave of heat and fire. "Beckett." She came apart in his arms on a breath. And he drove in once more before clamping his teeth over her shoulder and cursing.

He held her tight as his body jerked, then sagged against her, exhausted. “Damn it, Ricca, you're going to kill me."

They stayed like that for several minutes—him still inside her, holding her tight against his body. She with her legs still wrapped around his waist. Eventually her breathing slowed, and so did his.

"Beckett, I have to go back inside, or Micha will come looking for me. I'd rather not have this be the way everyone finds out about what we’ve been up to."

She felt him twitch, and she worried for a moment if their magic spell had broken somehow. But he kissed her forehead and pulled his handkerchief from the breast pocket of his tuxedo. Gradually, he separated from her, and softly, and ever so gently, he cleaned her up. He met her gaze. "You better hurry up and get in there." His voice was grave.

Ricca frowned. What had just gone wrong? Had she said something? "Beckett? Is everything okay? Did I—” Her voice squeaked a little, and she recognized the impending tears. The sting of rejection was hot and instant as it seared her skin.

He muttered a curse and turned to face her. He tugged her close. "Yes, everything’s fine. Fantastic actually. But I don’t want you to have to explain anything.” He tucked a hand into her hair and took out the pins of her sloppy side knot. Then he helped her smooth her hair. "The sex hair was hot, but I don’t want Micha coming after me with an arsenal of weapons."

Ricca met his gaze, hearing the tinges of untruth in his voice. She knew him well. Something was wrong, but he wouldn't tell her now. "I think I’m probably the bad influence."

He smirked. "I know. You'll have me behaving like a good boy in no time. What would my friends say?" He gave her ass a playful tap. "Go on, get in there.”

She walked toward the party, only turning to look back at him when she reached the door. He leaned against the railing his head hanging low. She had a feeling that something in their dynamic had just changed.

****

Beckett fought the compulsion, but no matter how he deviated from the route, he still ended up on Robinson Ave, directly in front of Ricca’s building.

She was waiting for him on her balcony. She still wore her dress, but the killer stilettos were off, and her hair was down and tousled. He wanted her even more now than he did at the party.

“I was worried I wouldn’t see you tonight. I got the feeling I said something wrong on that balcony.”

Beckett shook his head. “Ricca, I—”

She narrowed her eyes. “You’re acting weird, Beckett. We’re supposed to talk to each other. I want you to tell me what’s wrong.”

He was exhausted. All he wanted to do was hold her. He'd give her the big explanation later. Much later. Not tonight. "Does it matter?"

She put her hands on her hips. "It matters to me if I said something to piss you off. I never would have suggested we do this if I'd thought there was a chance that we might lose our friendship. So tell me what I said."

"Nothing. It's just been a long night. Okay? I've never done something like that with anyone. You made me lose control a little. I'm not sure I like how that feels."

She chewed her bottom lip, and he wished she wouldn't. It made him want to kiss her, and if he did that now, they'd end up with another public display like earlier. He told her the half-truth and hoped she believed it. He needed time to think through everything. Braedon was right—he was in love. It didn’t change anything. All it meant was that it would hurt more when she realized he was no good. He took another step up. "So what do you say, can we go to bed now?"

She searched his gaze, and he saw her acquiescence. She was going to drop it. Though knowing Ricca, she would only drop the matter for now, but he wasn’t going to argue with her. If he had a reprieve, he'd take it. Over the balcony, he kissed her soft lips, and she wound her arms around his neck. "Yeah, let's go—"

The score of the Empire Strikes Back filled the silence around them, and he frowned. Braedon. What the hell did Braedon need now? He’d seen him less than four hours ago.

Ricca kissed him back. "Ignore the call,” she mumbled against his lips.

He was inclined to follow her directions, except the phone kept ringing long after it should have gone to voicemail.

"I'm sorry. Hold that thought." He kissed her nose. Yanking the phone out of his pocket, he clicked answer. "This had better be good, Braedon. I'm busy."

Braedon’s voice was strained. "Sorry for the coitus interruptus, but Swim on J is burning. We have a fire."

Fuck. Beckett’s knees went weak, and he was certain the ground moved beneath him.

Ricca’s voice filtered through his consciousness from a long distance away. "Beckett? What's wrong? You look pale."

Braedon’s voice was clear though. Swim on J was burning. "I'm on my way."

He hung up with his brother, then tried to drag in some air. The chilly, dry January air was not conducive to him settling his lungs.

"Beckett, you’re scaring me."

He focused on Ricca. "My building. It's burning down."

Her eyes went wide. "Your apartment building?"

“No. The swim center. Someone called it in. It’s burning.”

Ricca placed both hands on either side of his face. "Beckett, I'm coming with you. Now, stay here one second. I'm going to grab my car keys." She was back in a flash, or so it seemed, given he hadn't moved since she vanished inside her apartment. It helped that her unit was the first one to the right.

"C'mon, let's go." She tugged gently on his arm, and it took him several moments to respond on his wooden legs. Under the best of circumstances, Ricca drove like a grandma, but this time, she drove like she was Mario Andretti’s long lost daughter. She parked as close as the caution tape and gawking onlookers would allow. Fire trucks, police cars, an ambulance, and passersby littered the streets.

The glow from his building one block over was enough to illuminate the night sky. It wasn’t a dream. The damn building was burning. All his plans—gone in a puff of smoke. Just like that. The rage that boiled over in his chest was palpable. And the urge to hit something was even stronger.

His father had to be behind this. Just out of spite, he'd crushed Beckett's dream. His mother’s dream. Just for the sake of control.

Once they reached the building, he tried to duck under the caution tape. He didn't realize how close he was, until he felt Ricca's restraining hand on his arm. "Beckett, no. There's nothing you can do about it."

“Ricca, I have to do something."

“What are you going to do, run into a burning building? Count your lucky stars there was no one in there to get hurt. That means it’s just the loss of a building."

Oh shit. Braedon. He scanned the crowd for his brother and relaxed by degrees when he saw him talking to one of the policemen. "It's more than that. I've been saving for years to renovate this place, and the old man, he just—"

She pinned him with a stare. "You don’t know anything yet. Do you think your father could be so cruel and diabolical?"

"In a word, yeah. He'd stop at nothing to get his way. And this is just the latest step he's taking."

"Beckett, I don’t think he would do this. Not when people in the neighboring buildings could have been hurt. He might be a son of a bitch, but he's not stupid. Burning the building would mean jail time. Not to mention you and Braedon could have been inside."

Beckett didn’t need to hear her rationality right now. He wanted someone to tell him that the old man was to blame, so he could have someone to direct his anger toward. "You don’t understand."

"Don’t I? You want something so bad it kills you inside, and you don’t know how you’re going to make it happen. But come hell or high water, you push to make it happen. And the one thing you don’t need to happen comes in and topples your whole dream? I'm not sure why you think I can’t relate, but yeah, I’ve been there."

"Then what the fuck do I do?"

She tipped her chin up. "You determine if the thing you want is worth it. And if it is, you work even harder. Go to plan B. But getting yourself killed by running into the burning building won’t fix anything."

She had a point, but he wasn’t really in the mood to listen. All his hard work—gone.

"Beckett, we'll rebuild it. We'll make it what your mother wanted. We'll raise the funds. Do everything we can and have to. This isn't the end. All you have to do is accept the help. I'm here.”

She'd said the magic word. We.





Chapter Twenty


"You did what?"

Ricca kept her eyes on her drink as Micha's voice went up two decibels. Luckily their usual hangout at Synthesis Bar was still relatively empty, it being a Wednesday night and happy hour being over. "You don’t have to shout, Micha." Looking at her friends’ surprised faces, Ricca sighed. "I slept with Beckett. No big deal."

Jaya’s brows furrowed. "Wait, when did this happen? Because he hasn't said a word. I had him over to dinner last night in another failed attempt to get him and Alec to make besties. Had to invite Caleb too as a buffer. Though he wasn’t much help. Anyway, Beckett never said a word or gave any indication."

How to phrase this properly without full freakoutage? "Um, well, first time was a few weeks ago after the car accident."

Jaya's eyes went wide, and Micha slumped back against her seat, blinking her eyes and shaking her head as if she didn’t believe what she was hearing. "Look, guys, I know, okay? It’s Beckett. And before you start worrying, this is fun and easy. We’re still friends. We just happen to be sleeping together now.”

Micha shook her head. “Why wouldn’t you tell us? Were you sitting in my apartment when I creepy stalked Caleb? I don’t understand.”

“I didn’t want you guys to worry. Or judge me."

Micha leaned forward clasping her hands. "Honey bunches of oats. Now you know I love nothing better than to form judgment about people, but you—why would we judge you?"

Ricca shrugged. “I don’t know. I just wanted to keep it private for a while, I guess.” How the hell to explain this? “I mean, clearly I’ve had this thing for Beckett for years. I mean, the only person it was a secret to was him.”

Jaya put down her drink after a long pull. “I can’t believe he sold you on this stupid benefits idea. I love him, but God, he can be so selfish sometimes. I mean, you were vulnerable, and he has to know how you’ve felt about him. God, I could—”

Ricca cleared her throat. “It was my idea.”

Jaya’s mouth hung open.

Micha just grinned. “Hot damn. Look at you taking charge of your sex life. Me hearts it. Now, get to the good stuff.” Micha put her hands up about a foot apart. “What are we talking here? Gifted and talented or…” Her voice trailed off.

Ricca blushed, blood heating her face.

Jaya guffawed. “Micha! For the love of all that is holy.” She rolled her eyes. “You’d have a pretty good indication if you ever saw him swim.” She turned to Ricca and winked. “Congratulations.”

Ricca had to laugh. She deserved a little ribbing. They could have given her a hard time, but true to form, they were just her friends.

Jaya touched her hand. “Honey. I love nothing more than the idea of you and Beckett together. It’s like a fantasy come true. Like watching 90210 Brandon and Andrea get together or something. Except you are so totally hot."

Ricca slunk back. "Shit, I’m not that pathetically in love, am I?"

"No.” Jaya cringed. "Not at all. I’m just saying that’s the level on which I would want you guys together. Every girl in America watched that show and wished it would happen. It’s just in reality that Beckett is, well, Beckett. Neither one of us wants you to get hurt. I mean, you and he are one of those couples you think you'll never see in action because he's not mature enough to make it happen.”

“I don’t need it to happen. I’m good with how things are,” she lied. “And he makes me feel…” She let her voice trail for a moment. “I feel sexy. Like I’m a Goddess. And every time he kisses me—it’s like I finally get what all the fuss is about. I’ve always liked sex fine, but never felt like holy shit, I can’t go without it. I know what that feels like now. Especially the other night on Jaya’s Balcony.”

Micha grinned. "Hot damn, you lucky bitch. I knew you were up to no good."

Jaya nodded. "Okay, yeah, that's wow, um. Okay."

The three of them collapsed into giggles.

Jaya chewed her lip. "So what you're saying is, I almost got an eyeful at my party?"

Ricca had the urge to hide so no one would notice her. "Yes,” she squeaked.

Micha just chuckled. “I never thought you had it in you."

"And normally I don’t. But I don’t know…the chemistry is so off the charts. You know that tingly feeling when you're aroused? It’s like I'm walking around with that kind of haze all the time."

Micha took the lead in her characteristic way. "Does he know you’re in love with him?"

Ricca snapped her head back as if she'd been slapped. "I'm not in love. Not anymore. That was years ago. I’m just enjoying the sex."

Micha raised a delicately arched eyebrow. "That goofball grin you've been wearing around for weeks—we thought it was the new gig."

"And the silly smile you have plastered on your face.” Micha laughed "You're in love."

The truth Ricca had been avoiding and hiding from for weeks stared her in the face. Her heart hammered. If the two of them knew, it was probably visible to anyone watching. Especially Beckett.

"May I join you ladies?"

The regal voice stopped Ricca's thoughts mid flow. Holy Mary, mother of the apocalypse, Adele Westhorpe wanted to join them for a drink? Sure, she was Jaya’s mother-in-law to-be, but she terrified Ricca. Suddenly Ricca lost all power to speak. She could feel her jaw working, but no words came out. Even Jaya seemed tongue tied. Only Micha seemed completely unfazed.

"Sure. Slide on in. What are you drinking?"

Adele cocked her head and smiled at Micha. "You're not immediately terrified of me. I like you already."

Micha barked out a laugh. "No one said I was smart. I get the impression it might be smart to be a little afraid of you."

Adele shrugged. "You’re probably right about that." She patted Jaya's hand. "How is everything? I really wish you’d let me get you a wedding planner to assist."

Jaya smiled but resolutely shook her head. "Too much of a control freak. I won’t be able to sleep if I’m not touching everything."

The older woman nodded. "Well, if you change your mind."

She then turned her attention to Ricca. "How is your young man?"

At first, Ricca wasn’t sure Adele was talking to her. And her mouth still did the whole guppy out of water thing.

Micha spoke for her. "Uh, they actually broke up. The little turd wasn't so nice about it either."

Adele drew her eyebrows down over her eyes. "Are you talking about that portly gentleman she showed up at the Gala with?"

Ricca finally found her voice. "Who else would you be talking about?"

"That gorgeous slice of a swimmer you were arguing with the night of the Gala. That’s Beckett Mills, right? I saw him in the Olympic Trials years ago. He's currently trying to buy some building in the East Village. I heard about the unfortunate fire the other night. Word is, he wanted to turn it into a swimming pool for underprivileged children. I'm on the board he's petitioned for part of the funds."

There. It did it again—Ricca’s voice poofed into thin air like an American Idol runner up. When she finally found it, all she could muster was, "Oh, he's not mine. We aren’t—um. We're not dating."

Adele raised an eyebrow and smiled. "Well, I didn’t think you'd be dating dear. If you were smart, you’d get him in bed with a quickness. I know if I were thirty years younger, I would."

Several things happened at once: Jaya covered her mouth and gasped; Micha cackled, a full belly laugh kind of laugh; and Ricca just stared as Adele Westhorpe, the Adele Westhorpe, took hold of Ricca’s untouched martini and slugged it down.

The old lady smiled at her and said, "Now, how about we get me a real drink, and you tell me how I can live vicariously through you. I could have sworn my plan would work."

"Plan?” Ricca stumbled out, then stared at her empty glass. She'd wanted that drink.

"From the moment you walked in at the Gala, he was staring at you. Then I saw the two of you talking. Any idiot can see the two of you were dancing around each other."

Wait, Adele had been playing matchmaker? Her whole tidy life had been turned upside down at the whim of a billionaire? Jaya was in trouble with this one as a mother-in-law.

Adele eyed Ricca. "I would almost say I was sorry...if I was. But the way I figure it, you should be happy. Why aren’t you?"

Jaya chimed in to help out. “It's been a little complicated. Now Ricca's gone and fallen in love."

Adele nodded. "And Beckett?"

Ricca sighed. "Not so much."

Adele signaled the bartender, and he started pouring bourbon into a glass. "I wouldn't be so sure about that. I know men. So when are you going to tell him the good news?"

Ricca's eyes popped. "Never."

Adele chuckled. "Well that sounds like an imperfect plan. But what I really meant to ask is how are you going to show him the light? Sometimes men need a little nudge."





Chapter Twenty-One


Beckett coughed up another round of soot and phlegm. Shit. Two days had gone by, and he could still taste the ash on his tongue. Ricca had him on suicide watch or something. She texted every few hours to see if he wanted to go out or get out of the office. Braedon kept calling too, but Beckett’s brother couldn’t seem to find any words, so they sat in silence until one of them hung up.

Beckett scrubbed his hands over his face. He had a huge decision to make. If he kept on this path and tried to rebuild, he'd need a lot more money. Insurance would cover some of their costs, but after talking to the adjusters, they would be starting from scratch, the damage was so extensive. The bank wouldn’t give him that kind of loan, and Braedon, like Beckett, had already sunk all his cash into that building.

Bitter disappointment, anger, and the gnawing failure clenched at his gut. He’d let their mother down. All this work and they would have to start all over again.

He didn’t want to think about it. He'd made such a fucking mess of things. The building. Ricca. This job.

A brusque knock at the door had him bringing his head up. "Micha?" He tried for a smile. But he was confused. They were friends, but not exactly BFFs. He could count the number of times they’d hung out alone on one hand. "What’s up? You looking for Ricca?"

She smiled as she came in and closed the door behind her. Beckett momentarily feared for his life. Micha had a way of intimidating most people, and she wasn't afraid of anything, even when she should be. He liked her. She was fun. But he always had a feeling that she saw too much and was making hidden judgment calls on him, so he steered clear. She also had a no-nonsense bullshit meter.

"Actually, I came for you. Can I sit down?”

“Yeah, sure. What’s up? You have a dead body or something to move? You don’t usually come for me.”

She shrugged. “I wanted to let you know how sorry I am about Swim on J. If you want any help raising funds to rebuild, please let me know. I can leverage the magazine’s resources.”

Wow. He sniffed, worried for a minute there that he might actually break into a sniffle. “I don’t know what to say.”

The corner of her mouth tipped up in a smirk. “Don’t go getting all emotional on me. It’s not like we’re going to hug it out or anything. But you were doing a good thing, and I want to help where I can.”

“Thanks. I appreciate it, even without the hug. I’m not sure yet if I’m going to rebuild. I’m starting to think that place is cursed or something.”

She pursed her lips and nodded her head ruefully. “You going to give up?”

His anger simmered to life. “It’s not giving up, exactly. Sometimes you just have to know when to say die.”

“Bullshit. You think I don’t know you very well, but I know you’re a fighter. Besides, with Ricca in your corner, I think you’ll figure out how to see things a little more clearly.”

Beckett raised his eyebrows. He was right—Micha Bennet saw too much. “You know all this about me?”

“You and I are a lot alike. We talk the game, but neither one of us is willing to be vulnerable. I also know what it's like to think you don’t have what it takes to do something. Or worse, be with someone."

Beckett’s mouth went dry. "Micha, I—"

She held up a hand. "Look. I know it's none of my business. I get that. And I know, if it’s possible, you love Ricca more than I do. But I also get the feeling that this isn’t fun and games for you. I've been seeing you watch her for ten years now. I didn’t think you'd actually ever pull the trigger."

He chuffed out a breath. “She told you?”

“Yeah. She did. Though I can’t really figure out why you two kept it all secret.”

"I, um." Micha was one hell of an interviewer. "She wanted it quiet, so I respected that. I care about Ricca. I don’t want to hurt her."

Micha frowned. "That’s easy—then don't. But most importantly, don’t hurt yourself. You two could be good together. Don’t run for the sake of running. It won’t do you any good. She grounds you."

What a surreal conversation. "She was pretty clear that I’m the practice boyfriend." He set his jaw. “She thinks of me as a friend doing her a favor. Letting her be adventurous, trying out some stuff before she finds Mr. Right."

"And if you believe that, you’re a moron. Or rather a bigger moron than I thought. She's been in love with you since she was eighteen. She hides it well. And to her, you've always been that unattainable goal. But now she has you and has convinced herself that she has to keep it casual if she's to survive you."

His skin felt hot. Ricca loved him? Not like her friend, but actually loved him. "Are you supposed to be telling me this? Why the hell would you go out of your way to get us together?"

Micha shook her head. "Because I see you. And because I want what will make her happy. If you don't think you can get your shit together, then leave her alone. Start dating another string of supermodels and back off. If you do it now, you can return to the way things were sooner or later. But if you continue down this path and do anything to hurt her, I’ll annihilate you."

Ah here it was, the warning him off part of the conversation that he’d expected. "So you want me to back off."

"Actually, no. I want you to get your panties out of a knot and tell her how you feel. Then make a decision one way or another. Ricca is not a limbo type of girl, no matter how much moxy she borrows from me. She deserves to actually be in love and not run around hiding."

"Trust me, you and I are on the same page."

"I doubt it. Because then you'd know that I think you deserve to be happy too. Stop running away and tell her how you feel. It's your choice, honestly. But you have to know what you want and go after it. Either way, this limbo thing can't go on forever. Ricca will get hurt, and this will only prolong your pain."

Beckett blinked at the woman he'd always only seen as an auxiliary friend. Someone with so much confidence it scared the hell out of most men. Himself included. But she was emotionally smart and sensitive. She also didn’t want to see him hurt. And that was a first. "Micha, I don’t know what to say."

She shrugged and stood up, tossing her wild mane of curls over her shoulder. Her long legs extending and unfolding underneath her. "Your choice. You both deserve happiness. I happen to think it’s with each other."

Later that night, as sat in Synthesis Bar and waited for Ricca, Beckett fiddled with his beer. He knew what he had to do. Never mind how painful it was going to be. He had to—Micha was right. He either needed to push Ricca away or make an honest man of himself.

The closer the two of them became, the more terrified he was that he’d screw up. Braedon was right—he was falling in love with her, and knowing himself, he’d fuck this up royally. It was better if they ended it now.

He spied her across the room, and his whole body jerked. She wore a low-cut, black jumpsuit that made her look taller. She saw him and immediately grinned. She came right up to him and leaned in for a kiss.

He immediately turned his head. If their lips met, he’d keep kissing her, take her home, and forget that this was for her own good. He’d be slaving for years to get this building back on track; she needed someone who had their shit together. Not him.

She frowned and sat across form him. “What gives?”

“I—uh…I think we need to cool things off for a bit.”

Ricca sat shock still. “Do you mind me asking why?”

Because I’m completely in love with you, and you deserve some guy who’s got his shit together. “Because things are too muddled, and I’d rather just have my friend.”

Her brow furrowed, and he would swear an oath that her lip quivered. “You know what? Maybe this is for the best, Beckett.”

Wow, she was letting him off the hook? She was taking it easier on him than he was on himself. “I—uh—huh?”

“Because I’m starting to have actual feelings for you. And the person I deserve to be with is someone who isn’t scared of going all in.”

A cold fist enclosed his heart and squeezed. She had feelings for him? No, let her go. You’ll only hurt her. “Ricca, this has nothing to do with you, I just—”

“One question, though.” Her voice was calm. “That night on the balcony, were you trying to break things off then?”

That cold hand squeezed again. “Yes.”

“Why didn’t you just come out and be straight with me?”

“I didn’t want to hurt you.”

“And somehow this was better?” She stood. “You know what? Save it. I knew what I was getting into. I was just a fool to believe you were different underneath it all.”





Chapter Twenty-Two


Paradise.

The smell of incense woke Beckett up in the morning. As soon as he and Ricca arrived in Morocco, they'd set up their rooms and checked in with the client. Given all the near misses they’d had on these fantasies, it was a miracle the client wanted to continue.

They’d changed up the original plan and a complete change in game plan at the end was going to be tough to work with, but they could do it. After all, the client got what the client wanted. It was their job to make sure it happened seamlessly, without incident. But they’d been so tired. After their meetings to get the client back on track and their long trip, all he and Ricca had wanted to do was pass out.

He’d waited for Ricca to go to sleep first though. He wanted to make sure she was getting rest. The shadows under her eyes bothered him. Her fury at him sliced like a knife in his chest. She was slipping away, and he had no idea how to fix it. How to get them back where they were before this stupid competition had fucked it all up. Before he'd fallen in love with her.

He wasn’t stupid enough to believe he could pretend they were just friends. But he wasn’t stupid enough to believe they could have a happily ever after either. Yet he wanted her so bad he thought he'd die with the need. And now that he'd had a taste, there was no way he wouldn't close his eyes every night and not see her beautiful body laid out for him. Still, he knew he couldn't keep her. Micha was right—limbo didn’t work for them. She deserved better. Deserved someone like Carter, except without the asshole gene. Someone like Roberto. It was so obvious how much he loved Lila.

Beckett would only screw it up. He had too many broken patches. He didn't deserve her.

"Shit."

Logic didn't stop him from wanting her though. As his whole body jerked with its telltale response to even a hint of a thought about her, he groaned and rolled over, trying to make his body obey the commands. "Down boy. You don't want to do this right now. We have work to do."

Beckett climbed out of bed, then he grabbed a pair of shorts and T-shirt from his suitcase.

Maybe he could run off this burning, gnawing sexual frustration. When he’d broken things off with Ricca, he’d known it would be difficult, but he hadn’t counted on that electric charge they shared. She’d avoided touching him, but that didn’t mean he didn’t want her so bad that he ached.

Their suite had a private gym. If he could pound himself into the ground, he could get a little reprieve. Because the two of them would be here for at least a week, and he couldn't keep doing this to himself without a way out.

As he approached the workout room, he heard the whir of the treadmill and stopped. Ricca was already in there. Damn. He turned around to go back, but she called out to him. “Beckett? Is that you?"

****

Ricca knew Beckett was watching her. God, why did he have to be such a man? He wanted her, so why didn't he come and get her? Because you idiot, he thinks he's not good enough. But he was good enough. He just didn't know it. Whatever. Somewhere in all of this, she'd stopped looking for Mr. Perfect. And she'd started looking for Mr. Perfect for her. And Beckett was that guy.

He just didn't necessarily know it yet. He’d been so hung up on not being what she needed. Well, maybe it was time she took matters into her own hands. "You going to stand there watching me all morning, or you going to come in and work out?" Listen to her. Sounding all ballsy and shit. Who knew?

For a moment, he was silent. Maybe he'd gone back into his bedroom. Maybe she'd read the situation all wrong. But then there was a clearing of a throat. When he spoke, his voice was huskier than usual. "How much longer are you going to be on the treadmill?" He sounded pained. Like he was talking through gritted teeth.

Micha was right. If she wanted something, she needed to go out and get it. No standing around waiting for something to happen. "I'm almost done. You might as well come in and not waste your workout time. We're headed to "Morocco landmark" at nine, and we'll want to make sure we confirm the rest of the day.”

She heard the soft sound of sneakers shuffling. He started in the back corner, as far away from her as possible. Coward. That's okay, she had time. He couldn't hide from her forever. Especially not when they'd be attached at the hip for the next three days.

As the treadmill slowed for her cool down, she grabbed a towel and wiped at the sheen of sweat on her exposed belly and arms. She might not have a perfect body, but her abs were flat, and her workout outfit showed off every one of her assets. Beckett didn't stand a chance.

She sauntered over to him. "It's all yours."

Looking up at her from the bench press, his eyes roamed over her body and settled on her chest. Her skin heated under his scrutiny. She could feel the hot infusion of blood under her skin. Oh yeah. He wasn’t immune to her. He wanted her. He just didn’t want to want her.

Ricca watched intently as Beckett’s Adam’s apple bobbed. Sweat popped on his brow, and he cleared his throat. ”Um, yeah. You done?”

“Yeah.”

“Thanks." He got up.

She wouldn't move back. She could feel her body warm to his and saw him suck in a deep breath. She smiled up at him, a full Cheshire grin.

He cleared his throat again. "Um, Ree?"

"Yeah, Beckett?”

“About the other night. I never got the chance—I meant to say—things have gotten..." His voice trailed, and his brows furrowed.

She put a hand on his chest and watched in satisfaction as his nostrils flared and his pupils dilated. "I understand, Beckett. You’re trying to protect me or something." She could feel his heart lurch into full gallop as she rubbed a circle on his chest. "This awkwardness is just temporary. We’ll figure it out. Eventually we’ll both move on.”

****

What the hell was wrong with Ricca? She was acting like a cat in heat, and it made Beckett nervous. He was already having trouble forming his gray matter together after that spectacular view of her ass on the stair master. And if he hadn't been mistaken, she'd deliberately stood there, forcing him to rub up against her. Thanks to her, he'd be hard for days. Even as the fleeting thought bounced around brain, his dick responded with such force his workout shorts chafed. He gritted his teeth.

Everything about the way she moved and what she wore and how she spoke to him put him on edge. If she gave him one more of those damn let’s-be-friends pats on his chest, he’d likely lose control and start screwing her on the gym floor. It was like she had caught him in a snare and was toying with him.

Ricca wouldn't manipulate him like that, would she? She wouldn't reduce herself to using the heat between them to get the edge on him for this promotion would she? His Ricca wouldn't have done that, but the pod person that had replaced her ever since the promotion possibility had been announced, he wasn't sure of. Well, more like he wasn’t sure of himself and his ability to stay away from her. He couldn’t keep them in limbo, and he needed his best friend.

He could keep his hands off of her. It was for her own good. Beckett blasted the music loud enough to drown out his brain and his heart. He didn't need this shit. He had enough to deal with.

After thirty minutes on the treadmill, he checked the time. He'd have just enough time to shower and grab breakfast. They had a meeting with Lila after that.

Ricca had a leg up on him there. She was great with the clients who wanted romance. Well, really better with clients in general. Beckett’s strengths were his creativity and his ingenuity. He was a problem solver.

As he hustled in the shower, he could hear his phone ring. He quickly rinsed off and snatched up his phone, barely managing to get a towel around his ass. "Hey, Braedon. What’s up?”

"Hey, Beck. So, I didn’t want to bother you with this, but I thought you should know—there’s a cleaning crew here at the building. Not to mention an architect and a contractor."

Beckett used one of the smaller towels to rub the water out of his hair. "What? Who?"

“Shawn Roland. He was one of the architects on the Atlanta Olympic Center.”

“I know who he is. What the hell is he doing there? I didn’t call anybody. Did you call him?” Beckett had been about to give up until he could regroup with a new plan for cash. Who the hell had sent the architect?

“I didn’t call anyone. He’s here courtesy of Adele Westhorpe.”

Holy shit. Had Jaya called in a favor? He could use the help, but it didn’t sit well with him. She should have talked to him first.

He frowned and shook his head, trying to force it to work. “What’s the deal with the cleaning crew?”

Braedon sighed as if he’d already asked all these questions. “Some guy with a construction company. He brought a contractor over too, who’s talking to Shawn. Guy said Ricca had mentioned the place was in need of a miracle, so he wanted to help.”

Ricca? Warmth bloomed in the center of Beckett’s chest. She’d done this? For him? Why hadn’t she told him? Maybe because you were too busy acting like an idiot. “Fuck. I can’t believe she did that.”

“Yeah, me neither. I can sure as shit tell you she didn’t do it for me.”

“Listen, Braedon, I have to get ready for a meeting. I’ll call you when I’m done, okay?”

“Yeah sure. What do you want me to tell the crew?”

“Hell, keep them there as long as they’re willing to stay. I’ll talk to them when I get back in a few days.”

“Will do.”

Hanging up with his brother, Beckett felt like he’d been hit with a sledgehammer. Ricca had done this for him.

All he’d managed to do was try and break her heart.





Chapter Twenty-Three


Ricca took a deep breath. She was in her element.

"Sandra, make sure you have the water delivered ahead of time. Andrew, we'll need those portable freezers. It's hotter than Satan’s eyeball out there, and I want to make sure those misters are good to go." She could feel Beckett's eyes on her as she took charge of the overall logistics. He was different somehow. He didn't interrupt like he normally did, didn’t battle her all the way for control. He let her do her thing.

And the way he was looking at her—holy shit. If she thought it was hot outside, it was nothing in comparison to the heat in her body. She tried to focus on the staff. "And the food. Can you confirm the list for me? Lila was very specific. She wants this experience to be as authentic as possible."

The wind blew the wardrobe rack, sending gossamer pieces of the most elegant silk that Ricca had ever seen waving in the wind. "And you all have confirmed fitting and style?"

The wardrobe team nodded with clipboards in hand. God save her from the billionaire with a harem fantasy, but even she had to admit it was a hot idea. She'd once been told by a date that she had a body for belly dancing. At the time, she'd been a little offended, but maybe she needed to be flattered.

Turning her gaze back on Beckett, she sighed. "All yours."

His lithe body glided out of his seat like the extreme heat wasn't getting to him. She loved everything hot, but Beckett lived more of a pampered life. Usually he looked like he was going to melt if it got over 75.

"Thanks, Ricca. So far, I wanted to tell everyone, fantastic job. Ricca and I are super excited to pull this off. It'll be one of the best adventures that Fantasy, Inc. will have ever hosted."

She tried not to watch his hands as he spoke, but every time he used them for emphasis she was drawn in. The size of them. The strength in them. The way they'd looked molding her breasts. Damn it. She shifted her legs as her body went on instant red alert, softening and heating for him. If she kept this up she'd be in serious trouble.

"So the car is being delivered in an hour. The show room was more than happy to lend us a car for the experience, but let's take good care of her, yeah? I want this turning out better than the last car we used."

The team of mechanics nodded, then asked a couple of questions concerning how often they'd have to clean out sand and check on the car.

Beckett might have been talking to the group of Fantasy employees, but his gaze followed Ricca around the room. Something had changed, and she wished to God she knew what it was. Maybe if she could pinpoint it, she could diffuse it. Just like a bomb.

As he spoke, his voice washed over her, making her remember all the times they'd spent time at his place or hers watching games or just plain hanging out. She wasn’t going to wait for life to happen to her anymore. She was going after what she wanted.

****

Two hours later, Ricca had been dying to try on the harem girl costume. Beckett was down with the mechanic crew, drooling over the arrival of the Bugatti Veyron. It was a hell of a car, but Ricca had a feeling she lacked the anatomical parts to fully appreciate what was under the hood. She fingered the costume and all its intricacies with the shiny gold sequins and gold inlay. The silk was as soft as butter and gossamer sheer. She was so not into that whole owned, and dominated thing, but the outfit, yeah, the outfit she could get behind. So pretty. As gifts from clients went.

As gifts from the wardrobe department went, this was one of her favorites. Notwithstanding the Jimmy Choos she'd been given after a Sex And The City fantasy from last year.

She slipped into the harem pants, shocked at how low they hung on her hips. As it was, she was sure there was some Beyoncé booty crack appearing over the back edge. The front topped out at the very edge of her pubic bone. One slight shift, and her vajayjay would be out for all the world to see.

She slipped her arms into the sleeveless top, dubious about the little jacket’s ability to hold in her double D’s. She'd never given her boobs much more thought than how best to cover them. But as Micha would say, she had a good rack. Considering their size, they were still firm and thankfully, not sagging.

For the briefest instant, she worried they'd tear the delicate silk fabric of the top. She needn't have worried though—the midriff-baring blouse was made for sex and covered just enough of her ample breasts to be enticing. There were tiny little rope strings in front, in case she wanted to tie them in. She considered it, but knew there would be a boob rebellion if she did. Then she really would tear the material.

Studying herself in the mirror, she gaped at the wide expanse of skin showing between the bolero and the pants, but damned if she didn't understand the fantasy. You couldn't help but feel sexy in it. Thank God, she’d been hitting the gym though. She'd never be as thin as Micha or Jaya, and her feminine curves would always be with her, but she could see the soft lines that hinted at a belly well worked out, so she was content. She did a happy little twirl, and the harem pants fanned out, making her look like one of MC Hammer's dancers. Scooping up the veil, she attached the piece de resistance to her head, covering her face in the customary manner. If Beckett could see her now, he'd probably pass out.

The moment the thought of him intruded, she frowned. He hadn’t taken the bait, not once. Maybe she'd missed her shot. Taken too long. She’d had to be sure though. Jumping into a relationship with a friend was tricky business. Maybe he was gone forever. Or maybe you need to get over yourself and got get what you want. She eyed herself in the outfit and wiggled her hips. Maybe Morocco was the place for fantasies after all.





Chapter Twenty-Four


Sawdust tasted like shit, but Beckett was eating a whole mouth full of it the moment he saw Ricca in the harem girl costume. Holy fuck. He needed to call the Moroccan police in or something, because she was officially trying to kill him. And come to think of it, what a way to go.

Shit, what had he come in here to say to her? He couldn't think. He tried to get his brain to reboot, but all he could see was the pastel pink, gossamer fabric as it slung low, so low, on her hips, and the insufficient blouse as it tried to cut off circulation to her breasts. Dinner. Oh right. Dinner. He cleared his throat. "Um—"

She whipped around, shock in her eyes. Embarrassment was quick to follow. "I um…Wardrobe had an extra. I just…Um. Thought I'd try it on…Um..." Her voice trailed off, and her cheeks flushed.

He wasn't any better. His brain attempted to use mental telepathy to get the pants to drop. God, she looked beyond sexy, all that cinnamon skin on display. Soft and spicy. He knew just how she'd taste and feel. So did his dick. His skin felt itchy and tight with need.

Good God.

She ducked her head. "Um. What did you need?"

Again, his brain failed to turn over. Like a faulty car starter, he tried and tried several times before thinking finally kicked in. “Dinner. The team was going to go down to the restaurant by the pool. I already passed. I need to call Braedon, so figured I'd just room service it. Wanted to—" Again, his eyes strayed from her face to focus on the swell of confined breasts.

The sawdust effect finally gave way to full on salivating. He cleared his throat again. “Check with you to see if you wanted to go." There, he'd gotten it all out. He wondered why something that could have taken less than a minute to say had somehow morphed into a fifteen minute broken speech.

What the hell was he thinking?

When she spoke, her voice was low. ”Beckett? You’re staring."

Well, fuck yeah, he was staring. Did she have any idea what she looked like? "I…I'm sorry. You just look like every guy’s I Dream of Genie wet dream.”

Ricca started to move toward him, and he knew there was trouble.

"Beckett, can you help me with the zipper? I think it's stuck.”

Oh shit. He narrowed his eyes. Was this all an elaborate game? He said he wasn’t going to sleep with her anymore and endanger their friendship, and she paid him back by torturing him?

He reminded himself that this was his Ricca. She’d always been up-front with him. She wasn’t playing him. She stood in front of him, back turned. He could smell the spicy oils she'd been using as they mixed with her own unique scent to make his blood stir and his cock pray for attention.

Hands shaking, he slipped the back of his left hand into her pants. Both of them jumped at the skin to skin contact. Gripping on to the soft silk to brace the zipper, the tried tugging the zipper loose with his other hand. It didn’t budge. The harder he tried to tug, the more contact his hands had with the sinful expanse of bare back. He really wasn't going to survive. "I…" he swallowed. “I don’t know what you did, but it won't budge.”

“Oh, God. You can’t tell me I'm going to be stuck in this thing. Serves me right for trying it on.” She reached behind her back to her zipper and tried to tug at it herself. Their hands intertwined and collided, sending sharper zings to the center of his raging desire.

"Ricca, wait, you'll tear the fabric."

She batted at his hands. "I need to get this thing off of me. I..."

He stilled her hands. "Chill out. It's okay. Worse comes to worse, we'll cut you out." If she kept moving her ass in those shakes and wiggles, he'd tear her out of the damn thing.

"Beckett, we can’t cut me out of it. It was a gift from Lila. I know I shouldn't have bothered trying it on. There was no way it was going to fit. But I couldn’t help myself. I just—"

Another deep breath. Another wiggle of that God given ass. Fuuuck. The soft flesh came into contact with his cotton shorts, and they both gasped.

"Beckett,” she squeaked.

He inhaled deeply. He had an opportunity to be a good guy. Get the hell out of her room and go get the wardrobe team to help her out.

Too bad he didn’t have a good guy bone in him. So much for reformed. He was going to have Ricca. Screw the consequences.

****

Ricca felt the zipper finally give, and she exhaled a sigh of relief. It wasn’t until she tried to step away that she realized Beckett still held onto her. "Hey, what are you doing? You were pretty clear you didn’t want to do this. And I respect that.” My ass.

Beckett's fingers glided over the small of her back in the barest hint of a caress. The electricity shot through her body like she'd been stuck by lightning. Or at the very least stuck her finger in a socket. She could do this. She could seduce him. He was what she wanted after all. For once, just go after it and take it, Ricca. Looking at him over her shoulder, she beamed a smile. Making sure to pierce him with a direct stare. “You going to do something with that hand, or are you going to just dream about it for the rest of your life?”

His eyes widened, his hand giving another convulsive spasm, but he let her go. Coward. She marshaled in a bracing breath and turned to face him. This was Beckett, her best friend. The one she came to with all her problems. The one she could trust and rely on.

He licked his lips and cleared his throat. "What are you doing, Ricca?"

She let the silk gossamer fall to the floor. A low hiss issued from his teeth. "Are you going to help me with this top? I had a bitch of a time getting these two little hooks done."

He backed up again. With a little frown, she advanced forward. "Fine. Suit yourself. I'll just have to do it myself.”

She saw the little quiver in his hands and almost smiled to herself. Given the need she saw in his eyes, she hadn't been the only one suffering.

She worked at the hooks freeing first one, then with some effort, the other. The damn thing flew open like she’d just inhaled a deep breath after surfacing from a minute underwater. The fabric barely covered her nipples, but it did a stand-up job at trying.

The low curse she heard from Beckett emboldened her. "Beckett, I know what I want. Are you going to give it to me? Or are you going to run?"

His mouth opened, but no sound came out. He shut it. Opened it again in another attempt. Still no sound. Third time's the charm.

This time as he spoke, his voice was distorted. Low. Guttural. "No going back, Ricca."

She advanced the final step, closing the gap between them. "Who's going back?”

Ricca stepped forward and was lost. The low moan that came from Beckett's throat sounded like a purr. And it rolled over her like a caress. "Beckett?" she asked, keeping her voice low, though the throaty quality was something she hadn’t counted on. "Do you want to help me?"

His eyes were still hooded. She could see his hands twitch from the periphery. He wanted her. Why didn't he just do something about it? Or maybe she'd made the whole thing up in her head. Maybe—

He moved so fast her breath chased out of her lungs in a rush, leaving her gasping. When he deposited her on the large bed that was surrounded by pillows, he loomed over her and pierced her with the entire weight of his gaze. "Now's your chance to go back. To change your mind."

When she didn't speak, he muttered what sounded like prayers of thanks.

Instead of starting with her breasts as she'd anticipated, his hands went to her hair. He was so tender in his ministrations, stroking, his thumbs rubbing slow circles at her temples. "Beautiful, Ricca,” he murmured.

The kiss he gave her was soft at first. Coaxing even. With one arm bracing the majority of his weight and the other scooping under her to adjust her position, he settled her at a better angle. Hand still cupping her ass, he deepened their kisses. Taking long drugging pulls at her lips, eliciting a moan out of her. She arched her body under his and could feel the length of his erection nudging at her hip. Begging for attention.

When Beckett trailed his lips along her jaw line to her neck, his teeth grazed her skin, and she shivered. Her hands trailed up his back, and she could feel his muscles bunch and flex under her touch. She’d seen his muscles so many times as he’d run around shirtless. Even slathered sun block on him more times than she could count. But it was all different now. She was different.

Beckett took his time with his explorations, each kiss laying out a path of seduction and electricity hot enough to singe her nerve endings. He moved to her breasts, and Ricca sucked in a breath of air and held it. As he kissed just along the edges of the little bolero, his breath cooled her too-hot skin in some places and added to the overheating in others.

When he nudged aside one side of the bolero to kiss the underside of her breast, the breath she’d been holding came out in a rush. She could feel his chuckle against her skin. But he wasn’t getting down to business. Beckett was nothing, if not thorough. He continued the exploration with his tongue until he found her belly button. “I’ve been wondering what you tasted like here ever since you wore that jersey to my house.”

He placed a soft kiss in the little divot of flesh. “I’ve had dreams about this belly button.” Another kiss, this one lingering. She could feel his cock strain and throb as her body arched into the caress of his lips.

“So many dreams.” Bracketing her hips with his wide, strong hands, he held her in place as he dipped a tongue into her belly button. Her hips jerked up, and his fingers dug into her hips. God, was this what she’d been missing out on all this time? Holding herself back from? Denying herself? She could kick herself.

But Beckett wasn’t finished. His thumbs stroked that expanse of flesh between her belly button and her pubic bone. Even as he trailed kisses to follow his thumbs, he murmured words of adoration and lust. Beckett Mills wanted her. And he was a master of seduction.

When he moved his kisses lower, she wiggled her hips in anticipation.

“Don’t worry, love. I’ll get there eventually. I do promise to make you feel good.”

She didn’t realize she’d whimpered until the soft sound pierced the air. His thumbs snuck under the tiny patch of sapphire blue satin. “Is it okay if I get rid of this pair?”

She nodded, and he wasted no time snatching the thong by the patch and tearing. “I’ll buy you a new pair. That’s just something I’ve been thinking about doing since that night in my apartment.”

Her skin heated. His thumbs nudged her lips, and he hissed again. “God damn, baby, you’re so wet for me. Are you thinking about what we did that night?” He stroked her again, this time circling a thumb over her clit.

She whispered, “Yes.”

Stroke. Circle. “Are you thinking about that first night?”

An involuntary shiver wiggled up her spine. “Yes.”

Stroke. Circle. “Good. I want you thinking about that.” While one thumb kept up the slow circular motions on her clit, he shifted his other hand to slide one impossibly long finger into her core. “Hm, so tight. So perfect.”

Ricca moaned in pleasure as she buried her head further into the pillow. Shit. He really knew how to touch a woman.

****

She tasted sweet. The first stoke of his tongue had Beckett moaning. So fucking perfect. Ricca was so fucking perfect. And she was his. For the first time since he'd heard what she said, he started to hope that they could maybe be more than what they'd always been. Maybe just being him would be enough. Not that he really cared anymore. He wanted her as his, and he wouldn’t let her go now. He couldn’t. At least not without destroying a part of himself.

He felt her hands slip into his hair and relished the impatient tug. God, she was so sexy. He had all the time in the world. And he intended to use it. Especially now that he’d had a taste of her. The possession roared through him. His. Only his.

He glided his tongue over the center of her soft core again, pausing to run his tongue in a slow languid circle over the tight bud of her clitoris. He heard her breath hitch, and he smiled. "You like that?"

Her answer was a moan, and as she pulled his head closer to her moist center, he knew he was on the right track. "Tell me how you like it, Ricca. Harder?" He demonstrated, and she groaned. "Softer?" he showed her what he meant, and he could feel her legs quiver around him.

"Harder." She gasped, and he obliged, then she let out a soft curse.

He could feel her impending orgasm before she called out his name. Felt the telltale quiver of her thighs, tasted her sweet nectar on his lips. Her hands tightened in his hair. The sharp sting of a pain made him shiver with need. His cock throbbed painfully, but he mentally wrestled it for control. He would not rush this. He would not be in a hurry here. Ricca was different. Special.

As he kissed the insides of her thighs, and he felt her body go limp, he murmured loving words to her. Nonsensical words. He knew she probably couldn't hear him, but it didn’t matter. He wanted to say them out loud. She might have thought he was done, but he wasn't. He continued to explore every hidden valley of her folds and ignored her urgings for him to hurry. It wasn’t until she had her second orgasm that he lost the battle of wills with his throbbing cock and balls. He needed to get inside her. Needed to feel her silken walls surrounding him and milking him.

"Beckett, please."

Lifting his head, he watched in satisfaction as Ricca’s hands knotted in the sheets, and she threw her head back. Ecstasy etched onto her face like the most gorgeous artwork. He didn't give her time to come down from her orgasm—tossing his T-shirt over his head, he leveled himself over her diminutive form. "Ricca, look at me."

Lazy eyes blinked up at him. The moment her eyes focused, she smiled the sweetest smile, full of satisfaction and love. He loved her. He knew it. And he would never be the same after tonight. He shifted her under him, and cupping her ass, he couldn't help but give her a squeeze. God, she was so sexy.

Her eyes remained on his as he entered her, widening as he stretched her. The moment her eyes clouded, he stopped and gritted his teeth against his need, for once more concerned about someone else. "Are you okay?" He waited for her response.

Her eyes narrowed up at him then she took matters into her own hands. She wrapped both hands around each of his ass cheeks and drew him into her in one thrust.

"Jesus." The curse escaped his lips before he knew what was happening. She wiggled around underneath him, encasing him in her slick heat from base to tip. Her eyes fluttered closed in an expression of bliss.

That did it. Unable to control his hips, he withdrew the tiniest bit and reseated himself inside her with a groan. Lowering his head to hers, he hissed in a breath. "Absolutely perfect."

As he thrust, he could feel her nails scoring into his back. Demanding him to move faster, harder. When she called his name, Beckett was sure he was having the best fantasy of his life.

Beckett felt the tingle at the base of his spine, and he gritted out, "Whoa. Stop."

Ricca immediately went still. Forcing himself to stop the thrusting was another matter. He gave the command, but his hips didn't obey. Eventually, he pulled her tight to him and rolled them over, not breaking the contact. Gripping her hips as he pumped, he begged her, "Ride me."

As she did, those magnificent breasts of hers swayed, and he thought there wasn't any other place in his life he’d ever want to be.

"Oh. My. God," Ricca whispered.

He held on as her orgasm rolled through her and milked him. Grip release. Grip. Release. God. As the tingle in his spine rolled through his gut, he followed her shout with a guttural one of his own. “God, Ricca." The strength of his orgasm forced him up off the bed. He held on tight, his hands grasping her sweat-slickened back as he soared into firelight.

She collapsed on top of him. As his eyelids fought the battle to stay open, he held her tight to him. His Ricca.

****

Ricca stretched, enjoying the luxurious feel of the satin sheets. God, she could wake up like this every day. The scent of jasmine incense in the air, the—she frowned. She was naked. And there was a hand on her right breast.

She cracked an eye open and noted the ceiling of the inner suite. The sunken living room. Those weren't satin sheets at her back. More like satin pillows. Beckett. Holy shit. Now what, Ricca? Time to run, or time to face the music?

She opted for truth and consequence time. After all what's the worst that could happen? Besides him telling her it was a mistake or something.

"Are you going to pretend you're asleep for much longer, or can we have an encore of last night?"

Beckett's gravelly voice came from her left, and she turned to face him. He withdrew his hand from her breast and folded both on his belly. "So it's that time again is it?"

She frowned. "I'm not sure what you mean."

"Where you tell me this was all a mistake, and I'm not the right kind of guy for you now.”

"When have I ever said you're not the right kind of guy for me?"

He tried to sit up, and she stopped him by placing a hand on his chest. If they were going to have a conversation on regrets, then she wasn't giving him the upper hand. She pulled one of the sheets to her breast and did her best to cover up sarong style.

His navy blue eyes bored into hers. ”I heard you sent a crew over to Swim on J."

Her gut went cold. “That was supposed to be a secret. How did you find out?"

“Braedon called. Adele Westhorpe also sent an architect.”

Oh shit. When she’d approached Adele about doing a fundraiser for Swim on J, Adele had been over the moon excited to help. But of course, being Adele Westhorpe, she’d gone overboard. Ricca studied Beckett’s face. Was he angry with her? “I’m sorry. I know it’s none of my business. But I wanted to help. Tom Reynolds is the client you saw me with the other day. He was so happy with the proposal fantasy I did that he wanted to do something to thank me. He’s a general contractor, and I told him about the fire. He said he’d help get it cleaned up gratis. I’m sorry. I was only trying to help.”

“Ricca, stop.” His large hands covered hers. “I’m not angry. I just don’t know why you would do that. I’ve acted like a total moron.”

I love you. She nearly blurted it out, but instead she said, “I believe in you and what you’re trying to do. I have always believed in you, even when you don’t believe in yourself. When are you going to get that?”

He rubbed a hand over his stubble. "You scare the shit out of me. My whole life the old man kept telling me I wasn’t good enough. I’ve been trying to prove him wrong since I can remember, and I’ve been fucking it up. But you refuse to give up on me.”

Because I love you, you idiot. But she couldn’t say that. So she said. “I don’t give up easily.” She clanked around the living area and blushed at the complete disarray. They’d made a mess last night. “Beckett, what are we doing here?”

He shook his head. “I don’t know. But I know better than to push you away. I need you too much and I’m tired of fighting it.”

But he didn’t love her. That was okay. For as long as she could have him she would. She could keep it casual. It didn’t matter to her what would happen to her heart later. For the time being Beckett Mills was hers and she’d take him.

"Only you can be in charge of what you want and how you get there. Not me, and certainly not your moron of a father. Just you. What do you want to do from here?"

A wicked gleam spread over his face, and she felt the instant flash of heat. God, he was really hot. Giggling, she scooted out of the way. "What time is it? We can't just laze around; we have to get ready for the party."

“Everything we can do has been taken care of. You have the whole morning with me." He looked up to meet her gaze. The vulnerability in his eyes broke her heart. "That is, if you want to spend the night with me."

She flushed. Then nodded. "But whatever would we do?"

She giggled as his hands traveled up her thighs and coaxed them open. "I guess you have a few ideas."

He growled, the low sound sending shivers up her spine. "You bet I have a couple of ideas.”

She giggled again. Was this what it felt like to be with someone who got her? Someone who could make her laugh and want to throw things? Who could make her toes curl and make her want to dance. Cause she could get used to this.

Beckett grabbed her and halted right before their lips met. "You’re incredible to behold, Ricca."





Chapter Twenty-Five


Heaven. Ricca was actually in heaven. Beckett was hers. No fantasy, though she had a few she'd like to try out, could compare to the real thing. It was real. God, it was awesome. No insecurity.

He couldn't seem to get enough. They'd nearly been caught twice on the flight back. And that would not have been good. Not just unprofessional, but culturally unacceptable. But Beckett…Well, Beckett was Beckett, and she had a really hard time denying him anything, even when she knew she should.

"Ricca, you plan on joining us for this meeting? Ricca?"

Heat suffused her cheeks. Shit. Had she been caught day dreaming? "Um." Damn it. What was she supposed to be doing again? Oh, debrief. Right. Beckett had just gone over the report for the action adventure stuff. It was her turn to talk about love. Something she was so uniquely able to do. She could do this. She'd given a million of these debriefings. Done a million in front of Beckett.

But this time as his ocean blue eyes watched her, she knew the way they watched her in bed as he focused on making her scream in pleasure. She knew how they roamed over her body when she walked around the room naked. Damn it. Ricca, pay attention.

She cleared her throat. "Sorry. Still jet-lagged."

She could have sworn she heard Beckett cough, but she ignored him. "The love portion of the event went as expected. Client ratings for the harem were spectacular. I believe it's an experience that should become part of our portfolio."

She could actually feel Beckett peeling off layers of her clothing one at a time. As she continued with the debriefing, she had to keep her eyes straight on Serena and Zach, to keep her voice cool. It was the longest meeting of her life.

Afterward, Beckett didn't meet her gaze. But that was no surprise. Immediately, half the men in the office circled around him. All wanting to know what it was like to ride in a Bugatti Veyron. Whatever. She needed to get her head on straight. No mistakes. For all intents and purposes, just because they were sleeping together didn’t mean they weren’t still in competition. If she forgot that, she'd be in trouble and reporting to Beckett. Nothing, not even Beckett would stand in her way of obtaining the promotion. Sleeping with him had nothing to do with the job.

Once in her office, she relaxed. Shutting her door behind her, she immediately stripped off her jacket. She plopped into her chair, and off came the shoes. For the next half hour, she tried to focus on the myriad of emails, closing out fantasies and sending information to fantasy requesters. For a business based on fantasies, there was an awful lot of paperwork. By the time the phone rang, she was grateful for the distraction.





Chapter Twenty-Six



Beckett had never been in more of a hurry to finish a fantasy. Normally, he was jazzed, adrenaline pumping, energy blazing through his synapses. He couldn’t wait to join in the fun. Not this time though. All he could think about was getting his job done and getting back to Ricca.

Thankfully, his clients were so pumped they more than made up for the fact that he was faking his enthusiasm. As he watched the techs suit the three fraternity brothers for their base jump, he surreptitiously watched the clock. Midnight wasn't an ideal time for something like this, but it added to the danger. Shit. And Ricca thought he was an adrenaline junkie.

"You’re sure you're not jumping with us tonight, man?" Conner, the tallest of the three asked. "It would be way cool. Cement our bond, or whatever."

One familiar byproduct of doing these types of adventure fantasies—the clients always thought they were his best friends. And in some ways, he was. Especially for the week-long excursions. This wasn't his first time at the rodeo with this bunch. They'd done a week on the Amazon two years ago. For all intents and purposes, they were his friends. They'd been back for two more adventures with him.

Beckett shook his head anyway. "Not this time, Conner. Got to man the shop. But you guys have fun. Tell me all about it when you land."

"You’re getting stodgy in your old age." Connor said, but he let it drop.

Each adventure, Beckett had always been the one most engaged, the one most enthusiastic about moving on. Always first to help a client try out whatever they wanted and making sure he was suited up right next to the client. But now, Beckett just felt weary.

He made sure the techs checked and rechecked the equipment. Made sure the ground crew had the net secured around the building. The permits for that had been a bitch to obtain. Sure made things easier.

Standing on the roof, Beckett peeked over the edge. He waited for the rush of adrenaline. The pounding heartbeat he loved. The feeling of edginess, like he wasn’t quite sure if he was going to make it out or not. This was what he'd always lived for.

He stepped back from the edge. Not anymore. He'd probably always have a dangerous streak in him. But he didn’t need to prove anything anymore. At least not to himself. He'd leave the base-jumping for the daytime activities.

The guys started their three man countdown. Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Adios. As first Conner, then Michael, then Jason jumped over the edge, Beckett held his breath and watched. Hoping, praying the chutes opened the way they were meant to. He hoped the backups didn't fail. Gosh was this what it felt like to be Ricca watching him act like a total fool? Was this what she'd felt? It was more than fear. This bordered on terror. He'd never gotten it before. Never understood. He’d always been too caught up in what he was feeling or wanted to feel. Maybe his father was right, and he was a complete self-absorbed prick.

Silence pierced the air around him, save for the flapping of material in the wind. Then the low screams of terror mixed with joy filled the air. Beckett radioed to the team on the ground. "Chutes open?"

It should have been just a confirmation. But he was actually freaked out for the first time in his life. What if something had gone wrong? What if he'd been with them?

"Yep, all three shoots open and operational. First landing now."

Breathing a sigh of relief, Beckett headed for the roof stairs. At least he was done now and could get back to Ricca. The moment he thought about her, his body went on full alert, his cock hardening and pressing insistently against his slacks. Jesus, what she could do to him when she wasn’t even around. The warmth behind his ribs was a different feeling than he was used to. It spread from the center of his chest throughout his whole body.

Shit, he loved her. He'd always loved her. But the day they'd kissed under the stupid mistletoe had changed his life forever. As he left the building, his heart kicked up. Maybe it was time to do something more permanent about his feelings for Ricca.

He waved a quick goodbye to the security guard, the sound of his loafers echoing on the tile floor of the foyer. Exiting the building, he enjoyed the spring breeze on his face. Maybe he'd stop at the new cupcake place before he got to hers. They had a red velvet one that he could see himself licking off her body. His cock jerked again. "Down boy. We'll be there soon," he muttered.

When he rounded the corner, he passed a couple in a serious break-up type of situation. The blond woman was yelling that she still loved the guy and wanted him back. She clutched onto the guy’s sleeve. The guy shook her off and muttered that he loved his wife. Wow heavy. Beckett halted. Maybe he should just take the long way. No. He wanted to get back to Ricca’s. He’d just keep his head down and pretend he wasn’t seeing the display.

The guy held the woman away from him and climbed into his cherry red Mercedes Maybach. Beckett frowned. A red Maybach? He’d seen that car before. Against his better judgment, he glanced at the guy, and his heart stuttered. Roberto? Oh shit.

As if his head was functioning on its own volition, Beckett actually looked at the woman. Their eyes met, and Serena froze.

So. Not. His. Biz. He had no interest. But now she'd seen him. And there was no avoiding that he knew something he wished he didn't.

"Beckett, wait."

Serena’s low tones had him pausing. He turned to face her. "None of my business, Serena. I'm not interested."

"Look, I know what it looks like."

He tried to interrupt. "Again. Not interested. Not my business. I'll keep it to myself."

"Please don’t tell Zach. I—We—It’s not like—"

“Serena, I said I don’t care. Please stop talking."

Her eyes narrowed. “What's your game? You want something for your silence?"

He went still and dropped his hands. "What?"

She rolled her eyes. “I hate to do this, but look—you keep your mouth shut, and the VP job is yours."

Well if this didn't beat it all to fuck. All he had to do to have his dream job was to fuck over the woman loved.

Beckett stared at Serena, unwilling to believe what he was hearing. "You mean to tell me, you’d give me the job just like that? Forget the presentation and who had honestly done the better job?"

Serena shifted from foot to foot. "I'm willing to do what it takes to keep you quiet. Zach can’t find out. Think about it. I’ll expect your answer after the presentations at the end of the week."

Beckett didn't bother to watch her run to the cab. His mind spun out of control. The old Beckett would have taken the job on the spot, screw whoever got trampled on the way. But he didn't have to be that guy anymore. Then again, he could be the youngest VP this company had ever seen. It was within his grasp. All he had to do was slice open his vein.

He eventually made it to Ricca’s doorstep. When she answered her door, her hair was rumpled, and her Winnie the Pooh sleep shorts and tank top were askew.

"Shit, sorry. I didn’t realize you'd be asleep already.”

She smiled a soft smile "S'okay. I'll be making you pay for it later."

He returned her smile, but he felt sick. He couldn’t stand back and take a job he knew belonged to her.

Ricca turned back to look at him. "You coming?"

He let out a deep breath. "Yeah, right behind you."

Once he'd stripped down to his boxers, she grinned and started to peel off Pooh and friends.

All he had to do was tell her what he’d seen, and he’d be absolved. But he opened his mouth, and instead, all that came out was. "You mind if I just hold you for a bit?"

She easily melted in his arms, and he held her tight. He’d figure out what to do about Serena tomorrow. For tonight, he wanted to pretend that he and Ricca were still in their bubble.





Chapter Twenty-Seven



Ricca paced back and forth outside the presentation hall. She reviewed her notes time and again. She knew the presentation. She was just too nervous to go inside and sit. She kept checking the halls for Beckett, but she hadn’t seen him since last night.

He'd made love to her with the fervor of a starving man. Heat pricked her cheeks and her sex as she recalled last night. Unrelenting, he'd demanded more from her than she'd thought she could give. But then, this morning she'd woken up to find him gone.

Her first reaction had been that he'd needed to go home and change for work, but he hadn’t even left a note. He'd been off when he arrived at her place last night, but not too bad.

She halted in front of the presentation door again. She could do this. Get your head out of your ass, Munroe. Job first. You can worry about Beckett afterward. Right now you need to focus. She heard the muffled footsteps behind her, and her heart leaped. Beckett.

But it wasn't him.

Sucking in a deep breath, she went in to do her job. She'd find Beckett later and ask him what the hell he thought he was doing. He was the one who’d said he wanted this job. But he was throwing away his chance. With a deep breath, Ricca walked into the conference room.

Her presentation was smooth. She went through each of her notes effortlessly. As she closed out her slides and potential fantasies, Beckett walked into the room, and she almost stuttered. He looked amazing in the suit he wore. She hadn’t even known Beckett owned a suit. He'd always kept it business casual, even for presentations, telling her it helped clients identify with him.

She knew right away though, that something was wrong. He wouldn't meet her eyes, and he went right to Serena. He didn’t say anything, but he murmured something to her, and she nodded her head. Ricca didn't know what had happened, but in that briefest of exchanges, she felt her dream slipping away.

****

Beckett couldn't look at Ricca during his presentation. He’d blown it. Soon enough, Ricca would know it too. Serena and her boy-toy were both watching him with keen eyes. How the hell had he gotten himself into such a mess?

He'd left Ricca’s early in the morning. If he'd stayed, he would have told her his plan, and it wouldn’t work if she knew. Since he hadn’t slept all night, he’d had some time to think.

His palms were sweaty. Which was a joke because he'd done some of the most dangerous stunts on God's green earth and never been nervous doing this.

"Serena, Zach, before you make a decision, I need to say this."

Serena glared at him, but she could kiss his ass.

"I appreciate the time and effort Fantasy, Inc. has put in to help build my career." Here it was. Could he do this? Could he give it all up?

His eyes swung in Ricca's direction of their own volition. The pain and confusion in her eyes felt like a knife to his heart.

"I, however, am removing myself from consideration for the job. Ricca Munroe is a terrific asset to the team and an exceptional planner. She deserves the promotion. I’m taking myself out of the competition. I'm good, but Ricca Monroe is better. More than smart and capable, she's creative and intuitive and one step ahead of the client at all points. Giving me this title is a sham and a travesty compared to someone who shows that it all takes hard work. I refuse to take something that should have been hers from the beginning.”

Ricca's face froze in a mask of shock.

Serena scowled as she said, "Beckett, you do understand that another opportunity like this may not come along again, and that you're throwing this away for whatever relationship you two may have?”

Beckett sucked in a breath. “Ricca deserves this job. More than I ever did." He looked straight at Zach. “One more thing, Serena was behind the accidents on this fantasy. She wanted a relationship with Roberto and was angry when he wouldn’t leave Lila. She tampered with the car, the juice meant for Lila, the suits at the track, she was behind it all.” The room went silent and frozen. “And last night, she offered me this job if I kept quiet about the relationship.”

Gasps of shock filled the conference room. He stepped away from the podium and looked back in Ricca's direction, but she was gone, the door to the conference room still open. She’d left. Well at least he had his answer. There was nothing he could do. He'd really messed up. But for once, he felt okay.

On his way back to his place, he passed the Westhorpe Hotel and immediately thought back to New Year’s Eve. A simple kiss under the mistletoe, and his whole life had changed.

The logo on the front caught his attention. The thought that burrowed in his mind made him stop. Could he do this and swallow his pride? He glared at the automatic doors with the doorman in front. You can either get on with it, or you can go home and hit the want ads, what’s it going to be?

He chose the hotel. As he strode through the opulent lobby, bellmen and receptionists didn’t stop him. He was as much a fixture here as the front walls.

When he got to Alec’s door he paused. Could he do this? He knocked. Alec’s terse “Come in,” had Beckett sucking in a breath.

When he walked in, Alec looked up and confusion etched on his brow. “Beckett? Jaya’s not here, man.”

Beckett nodded. “Yeah, I know.” He rocked back on his heels and cleared his throat. “I’m actually here to see you.”





Chapter Twenty-Eight


Two weeks into her new job, Ricca wrapped up her first round of reports. After Beckett's little firebomb and vanishing act, the whole office was in complete disarray. She personally couldn't believe he'd backed out of consideration. He’d wanted it just as badly as she had.

Her heart squeezed like it always did when she thought of him. She’d tried to call him, went by his place, but he hadn’t called her back. If he wanted to talk to her, he knew where to find her. She just wished he’d told her about Serena. He’d been off the night of the base jump. She should have pressed harder to get it out of him.

But then Beckett was full of surprises. How stupid of her to leave before he’d made his announcement that he was turning down the job. Everyone said the true fireworks had started after she left.

The police had been called. Serena was being charged with reckless endangerment among other things. She and Zach were headed for divorce court. A few days after the kerfuffle, Lila had called her to say thank you and apologize for all the madness and nearly getting her killed.

Apparently before Lila had met Roberto, he and Serena had had an affair. Roberto had eventually ended it because he met Lila and he supposedly felt horrible about hurting Zach. Lila said Serena had apparently never gotten over the rejection.

Ricca shuddered. All that pain had been over a man. Though, knowing what it was like to actually be in love, she understood how it could make someone so totally cray-cray. But attempted homicide was taking it a bit far.

God, she missed Beckett. But if he’d wanted to be found, he’d have left a forwarding address. Jaya and Micha had taken her out to celebrate and help her forget. Somewhere along the line, things had just gotten so complicated. He hadn’t believed that she had any faith in him. That’s why he hadn’t told her about Serena. He hadn’t trusted her enough.

An insistent knock at her door brought her head up. She hadn’t ordered room service. She wasn’t expecting anyone, and the client didn’t arrive in Quebec until tomorrow.

Putting the laptop down, she padded to the door in her bare feet and considered getting a sweatshirt to put on. Her Armani Exchange T-shirt was nearly see-through and did nothing to hide the double Ds. She looked like a yoga sexpot or something.

She breathed a long sigh when she looked though the peephole, then stumbled back in shock. "Beckett."

Dressed in dark jeans and a light blue shirt, he looked handsome and striking. She opened the door slowly.

"Hi, Ricca.” He gave her a lopsided smile. “I hope you don’t mind me tracking you down.”

****

Beckett loitered in the doorway for several moments. How the hell was he going to do this? Just put himself out there like this.

She turned to face him, and he nearly swallowed his tongue. Again. It really should be illegal to run around in that see-through shirt. Down boy. That's not what he was here for. He was a letch, but for ten minutes or however long she let him stay, he could do his best at being a nice guy. “It’s good to see you.”

His heart thundered. All he wanted to do was hold her, but he owed her an explanation or two.

"So you going to tell me where you disappeared to? I looked everywhere for you. Even Jaya didn't know where you were."

Good old Jaya. She was a shit liar, but a good friend. She'd kept her mouth shut. Granted, she didn’t know too many details about his new venture with Alec. If she did, she’d probably have a fit. Alec wanted the San Diego Westhorpe to become a prime destination for the adventure set, especially for locations in South America. Beckett had been on a scouting mission for a week. It was something he knew how to do. And he could do it well. Jaya just knew that he’d be working with Alec on some things. She knew he needed the time, and she'd given it to him.

Well, at one least one thing had gone the way he wanted it to.

He cleared his throat. "Yeah, I took off for a few days and got a new job.” He paused. “I’m working for The Westhorpe now.”

Ricca’s delicately arched brows drew down over her forehead. "What do you mean? I looked for you. I called you."

“I needed to work some stuff out, and I couldn’t do that in San Diego."

She moved into the living room without a backward look and stood by the window, as if she just expected him to follow. Like he'd done for so many years.

In the living room, he told himself he couldn't touch her. The temptation to pull her close and bury his head into her hair was already too strong, so he stood and leaned against the archway. "I wanted to explain about Serena."

She shook her head. "You don’t owe me any explanations. She offered you the one thing you've been dying for. That job would have given you the means to renovate Swim on J. I just wish you’d told me."

He put up a hand to stop her. "That's just it. You were right."

She cocked her head. "I was?"

He nodded. "I only considered her offer for about a minute before I knew what I wanted to do. I was going to tell her to go fuck herself, but I wanted it in writing. I wanted her gone. I guess I wanted to punish her for nearly killing you. I wanted to expose her in the most public way possible.”

"You were paying her back for me?"

He shrugged. "Well, yeah. I knew from the get-go that you deserved the job. You were just a natural. Sure, I could be a daredevil, and I wanted it, but you’re level-headed. It suits you."

She nodded a thanks. God, she looked so beautiful. He hadn’t even known how much he missed her until he couldn’t just pick up the phone and call. Just stroll over and let himself in and help himself to dinner. Couldn't just call her and start yapping about whatever was on his mind. He needed her.

"I still can’t believe you turned down the job."

"Yeah, well, someone once told me I had a flare for the dramatic."

She giggled, and his heart raced. He missed her laugh.

"I heard Zach promoted you."

She nodded. "Yeah. It’s been a little chaotic, but I’ve been having fun." She lowered her lashes. “Beckett. What are you doing here?”

Do or die time. “Ricca, I’m in love with you. I’ve been twisted up inside since that night of the Gala. I know—I should have told you sooner, but truthfully, you scared me shitless.”

“Beckett, we’ve been through so much. I need to know you will talk to me. Even if you don’t know how I’m going to react. You’re not an island.”

“I know. And I don’t want to be. If you give me a chance, I’ll do everything I’m capable of to make you happy. I’ve been miserable without you.”

She blinked at him mouth agape. “I’m sorry. Did you say you love me?”

He nodded. “I’ll use small words. I. Love. You. I’m sorry it took so long to tell you.”

****

All Ricca could manage for several heartbeats were a few deep breaths. Beckett loved her. Like in wanted to be with her? She shook her head trying to dislodge the fantasy. She’d wanted this for so long that her brain couldn’t quite adjust to the new version of the fantasy. Because no matter how long she’d wanted a life with him, she’d known that he couldn’t love her. Wouldn’t love her. But now, here he was—making her dreams come true.

She opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. Trying again, she willed her brain and her heart to work in unison. Still nothing.

Beckett’s breath came out in ragged huffs as his eyes searched her face. Stepping into her, he took her hands in his and dropped to one knee. “I know I don’t deserve you or your patience. I know that I won’t always get it right. I know you can do better than me. But I want you to know that no matter what, I love you. You don’t even have to say anything now. I just want the chance to be able to prove it to you. You’re my family, always have been. When you’re ready, I want to make that official. I just want you to give me the chance to keep proving it to you. Anything you want. Just take me back and give me a chance.” He laid his forehead on her clasped hands. “I am in love with you, and I need you in my life.”

Ricca blinked away the stinging burn in her eyes. This was real? Not a fantasy? Not a dream she needed to wake from? She cleared her throat and used her thumb to caress his cheek. “Beckett, stand up.”

He obliged, and as his gaze bore down on hers, she saw the glimmer in his eyes. He loved

her. In that moment, she found her voice. “I love you too, Beckett. I always have."

With a quick release of breath, he drew her into him. "I'm not running again. You’re stuck with me."

"Good. Cause Mr. Mills, I have big plans for us. And just so you know," she trailed her fingertips down his chest to his belt buckle. “I plan on making you work for redemption.”

A slow, sexy grin played on him lips. “How about I start working right now?”





Other Contemporary Romance Books by Nana Malone





Sexy in Stilettos

©2012 Nana Malone





~ 4 out of 5 stars - Picked by Poison ~ "I liked Nana's writing style and how she made her characters quirky and fun, and not the usual romantic type."





Blurb:





What’s worse than having to watch your sister marry your ex fiancé? How about when that fiancé fires you from the family business?





Hyper-organized, event planner Jaya Trudeaux is used to doing things by the book and never making waves. It’s a strategy that’s served her well until she finds herself in failure alley with no fiancé, no job and her thirtieth birthday looming. Maybe it’s time to change her methods. Starting with an unlikely date to the wedding from hell.





The only thing that can tie carefree playboy, Alec Danthers down is his formidable step mother. When she calls him home to help find his wayward brother, he never imagines an uptight, list making, sass- talking woman would make him think about putting down roots.





Can Jaya put the lists down long enough to enjoy the ride that is Alec? Will Alec stop running long enough to recognize true love?





Warning: Sexy, sass talking women will make you laugh, cry and want a pair of killer footwear.





Game, Set, Match


©2010 Nana Malone

“Titillating and heartwarming, GAME, SET, MATCH is a delightful contemporary romance that will touch your heart….Wonderfully enhanced with a poignant plot, compelling characters, humor, secrets, blazing hot sex scenes, surprising plot twists and plenty of love, this story is brought to life right before your eyes by the appealing writing style of author Nana Malone.”

~Review by Dottie for Romance Junkies





“Game, Set, Match had me enjoying Izzie’s sass and Jason’s coming back for more attitudes. Ms. Malone’s depth to her characters, their actions, and their choices made them more lifelike and gratifying in this story.”

~ Reviewed by Vanessa for Joyfully Reviewed





Blurb:





Off the court, tennis star Jason Cartwright's playboy image is taking a public beating. On the court, he's down forty-love. A knee injury is shutting down his game, and the paparazzi are splashing his love life on every magazine. A comeback is in order, but the makeover he needs to save his faltering career is in the hands of the woman he loved and left fifteen years ago.





While single-mom, Izzy Connors, sees people for who they really are through the lens of her camera, even without it, she knows Jason isn't the star he appears to be. Although his charm and good looks haven't dimmed since he broke her heart, all she sees is his wasted talent and playboy lifestyle.





Can Izzy put the past behind her and help Jason get his game, and his image, back on track? Or will the click of her camera shatter his world as well as his heart?





Available for purchase on www.nanamalone.com





About the Author


Nana’s love of all things romance and adventure started with a tattered romantic suspense she borrowed from her cousin on a sultry summer afternoon in Ghana at a precocious thirteen. She’s been in love with kick butt heroines ever since. With her overactive imagination, and channeling her inner Buffy, it was only a matter a time before she started creating her own characters.





Waiting for her chance at a job as a ninja assassin, Nana, meantime works out her drama, passion and sass with fictional characters every bit as sassy and kick butt as she thinks she is. Though, until that ninja job comes through, you’ll find her acting out scenes for hubby and puppy while catching up on her favorite reality television shows in sunny San Diego.





Her novels are available whereever ebooks are sold or from her website www.nanaamalone.com

To learn more about Nana and her books, visit www.nanamalone.com, follow her on http://www.twitter.com/nanamalone, or chat with her on Facebook.





127





