#RelationshipGoals

Christina C Jones

Warm Hues Publishing

Copyright © 2017 Christina C. Jones

Cover art by Christina Jones,

Images courtesy of istockphoto.com.

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Any similarity to real locations, people, or events is coincidental and unintentional.





Table of Contents


Copyright Page

I hope you enjoy Nick and Noah’s story! Please consider leaving a review when you’re done. You can also reach me via my website (www.beingmrsjones.com) on facebook (www.facebook.com/beingmrsjones) on twitter (www.twitter.com/beingmrsjones) or instagram (www.instagram.com/beingmrsjones) For notifications about new releases, sales, events, or other announcements, you can subscribe to my mailing list. | Enjoy!

1. | #NOAH

2. | #NICK

3. | #NOAH

4. | #NOAH

5. | #NICK

6 | #NOAH

7 | #NICK

8. | #NOAH

9 | #NICK

10. | #NOAH

11 | #NICK

#12 | NOAH

#NICK

I hope you enjoyed Nick and Noah’s story! Please consider leaving a review. You can also reach me via my website (www.beingmrsjones.com) on facebook (www.facebook.com/beingmrsjones) on twitter (www.twitter.com/beingmrsjones) or instagram (www.instagram.com/beingmrsjones) For notifications about new releases, sales, events, or other announcements, you can subscribe to my mailing list.

Christina C. Jones is a modern romance novelist who has penned more than 30 love stories. She has earned a reputation as a storyteller who seamlessly weaves the complexities of modern life into captivating tales of black romance.





I hope you enjoy Nick and Noah’s story! Please consider leaving a review when you’re done. You can also reach me via my website (www.beingmrsjones.com) on facebook (www.facebook.com/beingmrsjones) on twitter (www.twitter.com/beingmrsjones) or instagram (www.instagram.com/beingmrsjones) For notifications about new releases, sales, events, or other announcements, you can subscribe to my mailing list.


Enjoy!





1.


#NOAH




Hurry up and wait.

Should have been the air travel motto, honestly. All of that get there two hours early, brisk walking, panicking about the security line, just to get to your gate and... wait. I was on my third delay of the morning though, so maybe I was a bit jaded.

Waiting at the airport was a prime people-watching opportunity though, so instead of complaining, I took advantage. I wasn’t in any particularly hurry, so it was no big deal to simply observe my surroundings, and if I was lucky... maybe I’d see something interesting.

There was a cute guy – honey-toned skin, goatee, glasses – damn near staring a hole in the woman two seats down from me. She was impeccably dressed, flawlessly made up, perfectly coiffed, and way out of his league. He knew it. She knew it. We all knew it. But still, I smiled to myself as I crafted a whole narrative in my head about how they’d fall in love before our flight boarded.

A commotion in the wide hallway of the terminal caught my attention, and I turned in time to see what was, essentially, a waste of good coffee. It was airport coffee, so it was probably terrible, but I wanted a cup, badly.

Just not badly enough to lose my great seat.

In any case, the coffee was no longer in the cup, and was instead streaming down the long, graceful fingers and beautifully tailored slacks of a man who was no longer rushing to make his plane. His cell phone, wallet, and boarding pass were on the floor, rolling carry-on perched unceremoniously behind him, and his face was pointed at the ceiling. His shoulders were low. Defeated.

It didn’t take much to deduce that some rude-ass had knocked into him – in a hurry, no doubt – completely screwed up his stride, and then kept going.

I was on my feet, wrinkled napkins from my purse in hand before I realized.

“Here,” I told him, wiping his knuckles with one hand, and using the other to peel the crumpled paper coffee cup from his fingers. I tossed it into a nearby trashcan, then bent to gather his things while he cleaned himself up.

Why?

I don’t know.

When I straightened to a stand, he was staring at me like something he’d never seen before, and that was true. But somehow it was deeper than that. When I met his eyes – beautiful, deep pools of mahogany that matched his skin - the corners of my mouth immediately curved into an unsolicited smile.

He returned my smile with a grin of his own, and heat flooded my face in response. I dropped my gaze, trying to collect my lost composure as I held his belongings out to him.

“Um... your stuff,” I said, relief sinking my shoulders when he immediately took it, instead of prolonging the moment. The cell, wallet, and boarding pass went into the inside pocket of his jacket, where they belonged in the first place, and I... stood there.

Waiting.

And looking at his coffee-stained shoes.

“Thank you.”

I was slow to bring my gaze back to his face, but not on purpose. For some reason, my brain was intent on collecting details – the perfect length of his slacks, the subtle thread of teal woven into the gray fabric, the buffed shine of his cuff links, the coffee tinged napkins still balled in his hand.

“You’re welcome,” I forced from my tongue, once my eyes had finally traveled up his tie, over his Adam’s apple and neatly groomed facial hair. “It was nothing.”

He smiled again – a smile that could rival my grandmother’s kitchen in warmth, and honestly gave me a little of the same feeling as her sweet potato pie. “Or was it everything?”

Confusion lifted my eyebrow as I considered his handsome face. Those beautiful brown eyes under sleepy sort of eyelids and silky-thick eyebrows, a broad nose, and full, succulent, enviable lips. Not like you were jealous of the lips themselves – you were jealous of whoever got to kiss them.

My attention snagged there, instead of further interrogating the cryptic question he’d asked. I was so momentarily enthralled, in fact, that I had no idea why the next thing out of his mouth was, “I’m sorry.”

My eyebrow climbed further. “Sorry for what?”

“For what I’m about to do.”

I didn’t have time to interpret that before his hands were cupping my face, and his mouth was coming toward mine. Common sense should have said to slap him, scream, do something, but for whatever reason none of those internal alarms went off.

His lips were like velvet – just as good as they looked like they would be. At first contact, his touch was feather-light, assessing my cooperation with whatever the hell was happening before the pressure increased. Without saying a word, the decadence of those lips sweet-talked me into opening myself to him, accepting the minty-cool sweetness of a tongue that hadn’t even tasted his coffee yet. Shamelessly, I allowed myself to melt into his sturdy frame as he kissed me, and I... kissed him back.

Too soon, he pulled back, and I was in no particular hurry to open my eyes. When I did, I found myself pinned by another one of those smiles.

Around us, people were hurrying to go wait, but neither of us moved, at least not for several moments. When he finally brought his hands away from my face to grab the handle of his bag, a little tingle of panic ran through my chest. There was finality in his movement as he took a half-step back, returning the personal space he’d borrowed for that kiss.

“I hope you have a great life, gorgeous,” he said, obviously committed to adding to the peculiarity of this moment. He inclined his head toward me again, kissing my forehead before he maneuvered around me, presumably to his gate to catch his flight.

Leaving me with nothing except the lingering sensation of his lips on my skin.

“Did that really happen?” I asked myself out loud, just before a toddler ran past me, wheeling a tiny unicorn-themed suitcase over my toes as she trailed behind her parents. That was exactly the return to reality I needed. I had to have imagined that, right? There was no way I’d been kissed by a stranger at the airport.

No way.

I made my way back to my seat, where luckily my things had gone untouched – no one was getting near the model chick, or whatever she was. I sat down and pulled out my cell phone, frowning as I caught my reflection on the darkened screen. I switched it on, frantically pulling up my camera. As the gate attendant announced boarding, I ran a finger along my bottom lip, smoothing my ruined lip gloss.

And then I got up and got on my plane.

#

Hurry up and wait, hurry up and wait.

Instead of joining the line of people who hopped up as soon as the seatbelt light went off, as if it would get them off the plane any quicker, I remained seated. I hadn’t been able to catch a seat near the front on this flight, so there was no point in me doing anything except turning off airplane mode on my phone and wait for the notifications to flood the screen.

When they did, I sighed.

Despite the fact that my career was essentially built on social media, I found it to be a double-edged sword. As much value as I found in the connection and community, it came with an equal measure of poison to be filtered out. Not even necessarily from people intending to be nasty, although that was certainly a part of it. These days, there was always an extrajudicial murder, cultural appropriation, bigotry, screwed up politics, something, lurking between the funny memes, waiting to snatch your joy.

On seeing that I had more notifications than usual, I braced myself.

Did something happen? Is there another hashtag?

Instead of going into social media, I went to my missed text messages first, knowing that the people who were close enough to have my personal cell number would be gentle with me.

Arizona: Biiiitch! You got something you want to tell me?! Call me as SOON as your ass gets off that plane!

I frowned. I was used to dramatics from my best friend, but she usually had a good reason. This time, I couldn’t place it – I had no idea what she was talking about.

But, right on cue, a picture came through in the text thread, a screenshot from a gossip blog. My eyes went immediately to the headline. Noah Houston Busted Tongue-Wrestling with Hottie at Airport. Underneath was the sub-heading: Popular online wellness advocate takes #selfcare to another level.

Granny is going to kill me.

That was the first thing that ran through my mind as I stared at the picture of me and whoever he was. Not only was my “business all in the streets”, but I wouldn’t even be able to tell her his name when she grilled me about the man I appeared to know quite intimately.

The second thought that ran through my mind?

Damn, this is a cute picture.

A quick perusal of the article – at least what was visible in the screenshot – said it was originally posted by another traveler, with the simple caption: #RelationshipGoals #BlackLove. That person probably hadn’t even recognized me, but after it had been shared the first thousand times, someone had realized, “Hey! That’s that Noah chick!”

At least you look cute though.

I pursed my lips, and nodded. There was, at least, that. The picture had been snapped at the beginning of the kiss – that first touch just before our eyes closed. With the way he was holding my face, the way he was looking at me through those sleepy lids... if I didn’t know better, we looked very much in love.

But I did know better. What I did not know was him, or where his mouth had been. I tried to work up some disgust with myself for letting some a strange – albeit fine – man kiss me “all up in the tonsils” as I knew my grandmother would say when she inevitably lit into me about this.

I couldn’t though. Couldn’t find a single thread of regret or disappointment for that surreal moment where I’d felt so strangely drawn to a person I’d never seen before, and likely never would again. In fact, seeing the picture restored a little of the giddy feeling I’d lost during the flight, as I played the scene over and over in my head. Not only that, but seeing it from this this vantage point, seeing the body language, added a whole new layer.

A layer that felt way more comfortable than it should.

#

“We’re out here busting slobs with randoms now, huh? That’s what part of the game you’re on now? You’re not worried about him messing up your little aura or nothing?”

I rolled my eyes at Arizona’s steady stream of conversation, which had started as soon as I hit the door of the apartment we shared. I hadn’t even put my bag down in my room before she was all over me, ready for details.

“I didn’t have time to worry about my aura, Z. Like I told you on the phone, he kissed me out of nowhere. We didn’t exactly negotiate first.”

She propped a hand on her hip, flipping a handful of long braids over her shoulder. “You were serious with that? That nigga forreal walked up and kissed you?”

I nodded. “Yeah, kind of. I mean he didn’t approach me, not really. Somebody bumped into him and made him drop his stuff. I got up and helped.”

“So it was a thank you kiss or something?”

Stopping in front of the bed, I unzipped my suitcase and started unpacking. It had to be done before I could shower and settle in. “No, I don’t think. He apologized, actually.”

Arizona chuckled. “Oh, so he’s a gentleman then. You got his number or something, right?”

I emptied the clothes I’d worn on my short trip into the laundry hamper beside my door, then grabbed my shoes to return to the closet. “No. He told me to have a great life, went to catch his flight, and I went to catch mine. Didn’t I already explain all this?”

“Well bitch I’m gonna need to hear it a couple more times, because this is nuts. You understand that right, that this is nuts? The shit doesn’t sound right.”

I grinned at her assessment – it was pretty accurate. “I don’t know what to tell you, Z. It happened the way it happened.”

“So, you help this dude pick up his stuff. You’re looking at him, he’s looking at you, and he just decides, boom, I’ma kiss her?” Arizona recapped, for about the third time, punctuating each point with a hand gesture.

With my makeup bag in one hand, hair product bag in the other, I shrugged. “Yeah.”

“Okay,” she nodded. “You’re definitely fine enough for something like that to happen to you.”

I laughed as I stepped into the bathroom to stow the bags under the counter. “Girl, if you say so.”

“You know the internet found him already, right?” Arizona called, and I froze in my squatted position in front of the sink. I’d been operating under a – probably ridiculous, in this day and age – assumption he would remain a stranger to me, and our interaction would be interesting blog post fodder.

“Not interested,” I yelled back, standing up.

A stranger is what he would be if it weren’t for some bored nosy person in the airport, and a stranger I wanted him to remain.

Maybe.

“Oh girl, bye. We’ll see how long that lasts,” Arizona quipped, on her way out of my room. “I have to go to this Pixie thing tonight, let me go put some damn clothes on.”

She went on her way, humming along to music in her head, and I finished unpacking my suitcase. Once that was done, I took a long shower and ignored my phone. Then made myself a smoothie, and ignored my phone. Then lit my candles and snuggled into my bed with something fresh on my e-reader.

But the damned phone wouldn’t leave me alone.

Muting the social media notifications was easy. I’d get to those when I got to them, but texts and phone calls weren’t so easy to ignore. I picked up my cell phone while it was ringing, staring at the name on the screen until it stopped. Almost immediately, it started up again, and I sighed before I moved my thumb to the green button that would answer the call.

I didn’t press it.

Instead, once it stopped ringing again, I opened the existing thread and started a new text message.

I told you to stop calling me.

Sam: And I told you I was sorry. Are you still pissed?

I’ll always be pissed. Forever.

Sam: Let me make it up to you. I just want to see your face, Noah. Please? Are you home? I can pick you up.

Seriously? Are you slow? There’s no “make it up to me” Sam. You’re a liar. And I don’t do liars. On any level.

Sam: Is this because of your new friend?

Excuse me?

Sam: The guy from the airport. You’re taking trips with this dude or something?

Oh.

That’s what this suddenly renewed interest was about.

In lieu of indulging the conversation further, I blocked his number – what I should have done in the first place. But the damage was already done – I’d given him room to bother me, and now, I was, well, bothered.

I intended to go to social media as a distraction, but as soon as I opened the first app, it nearly froze from the amount of notifications. After a deep, cleansing sigh, I clicked on the first gossip article about me I saw – from a publication more rooted in “yaaas, sis!” type of news than messiness.

Of course, there was the picture again. And as Arizona had already warned, not only was I named in it, so was he.

Emotional wellness guru @NoahKnows was spotted sharing an intimate goodbye moment with indie filmmaker Nick Davison. The relationship has (obviously) flown under the radar, but it seems the lovebirds couldn’t keep it under wraps any longer. Don’t they look good together? #relationshipgoals in more ways than one!

I shook my head. It was ridiculous – and a little bit scary – how the internet was running with this story. Prior to our airport run-in, I’d never seen or heard of this man before. But now, apparently, we were “lovebirds”

Goddamned “relationship goals”.

There was no regard for the impact on my life, personal or professional. While before, I’d thought it was kind of romantic, now I was feeling a little different.

A little angry.

I went back to the article to see if any contact information was listed for “Nick”, and a little flame ignited in my chest when I saw there was. Just his Instagram handle - @lifeonfilm – but it was enough. Determined, I opened my own app and searched his name. When his profile came up in the results, I tapped it, then tapped the icon to send him a message that only required a single line.

Why the hell did you kiss me?





2.


#NICK




The smartphone camera was the best thing to ever happen to me. Not to be dramatic, but there was a story in everything – a lesson from my father that stuck firm with me, and informed my decisions, for better or worse. Life was too fleeting to micro-manage and over-analyze every little thing, so the question I asked myself often was, what’s going to make the best story?

And thanks to less than a pound of glass, circuit boards and a tiny but powerful lens, I was often able to capture it.

On the other side of a lens, anyone could be anything. The camera was an equalizer – everybody became a liar when it was pointed at them. Before he died, my father once told me he’d spent his whole life searching for a story to tell that was just the truth. No embellishments, no creative editing, no omissions, just the truth.

Personally, I feel like truth behind the camera is a little overrated. Lies were so much more fun. Especially when I could spend my day with my nephew and his friends, using my camera phone to capture the short film these kids had written and directed all on their own.

Their little romantic comedy was age appropriate. Payton had finagled his way into the lead role opposite Tatia – a girl whose beauty he’d waxed poetic about to me over pizza and basketball more than once.Through the course of this filming, I’d realized something he still hadn’t grasped – his crush on Tatia was mutual.

Call me corny, whatever, but seeing their young love blossom made me happy. I watched on the screen, keeping the camera steady as their characters – Lisa and Deon – finally admitted they liked each other, after a series of funny events kept bringing them together. It was a testament to the talent and professionalism of these kids that, when Tatia/Lisa pushed herself up in her ballerina flats and kissed my nephew on the lips – something that was not in the script – nobody audibly reacted.

Until I yelled, “cut!”.

Then, everybody went up.

I hung back, laughing as their friends surrounded them, giggling and chattering, teenage shit that made me miss those days, a little. Payton couldn’t stop grinning, even when he approached me later trying to be serious, asking about the shot.

“You ain’t gotta be cool, you know?” I asked him, scrubbing a hand over his head. He ducked away from me, then shrugged as he pushed his hands into his pockets.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about, man...”

I chuckled. “Your ass is bright red right now, you know what I’m talking about. You be smart out here with these girls, aiight?”

“Always, Unc.”

My head tilted. “Always? Always? You got something you need to talk to me about?”

“Nah,” he said, his light brown skin turning even redder. “I didn’t mean it like that.”

“Yeah, yeah. Well, when you do start meaning it “like that”, then—”

Payton let out a sigh. “I know, I got it. Can I see that last shot?”

“With the heavy breathing and shit, really dude?” I chuckled. “The last shot is fine. I’m gonna send you everything tonight, so I can start teaching you how to edit.”

“Yeah, but let me check that last one real quick just in case.”

I smirked. “Just in case what? You’re trying to reshoot or something?”

Payton stepped back, and I laughed as he covered his face with his hands. “Nick, chill,” he groaned through his fingers, which only made me laugh harder.

“Oh damn, you’re real serious huh, calling me by my first name all, huh?”

Still chuckling, I held the phone up in front of us, navigating to the video clip to hit “play”. I’d already seen the shot, so instead of watching it, I watched him, grinning at the smile he tried to hide when Tatia kissed him.

“You satisfied now, Denzel?” I asked, and he flushed red again as I bumped his shoulder. “Y’all are going to make sure the girls get home safe, right?” I asked, referring to him and his boys. The setting sun had been great for us to get this last shot, but it was getting dark now, and it was school night for them.

Payton nodded. “Yeah, we were gonna stop and grab some pizza, and then Tatia asked me to walk her.”

“Oh, shit, the one on one walk home invite, I see you,” I teased. “Just don’t be out all night, I don’t want your Jamie on my ass about it.” When he confirmed he wouldn’t, I pulled out my wallet to slide a few twenties in his hand. “Pizza on me. Y’all have a good time. And stay out of trouble. Aiight?”

“Yeah. Always.”

I said my goodbyes to the rest of his little crew and turned to walk away.

“Yo, Nick!” I turned to find Payton jogging up to me, concern in his eyes. “You good?”

I nodded. “Yeah man. Same shit, different day.” I gave him an encouraging smile and then went on, trying not to give in to the urge to limp. All of my joints were aching, but after flying back this morning, then being on my feet, kneeling, squatting, all of that, to film this movie for them, my knees especially were done for the day.

Lucky for me I didn’t live far, but the walk still took twice as long as usual. It was a nice day though – late in the summer, and the sun was almost down, so the air was cool, and clear. Instead of complaining in my head, I took it in, letting my mind roam free to figure out what my next project would be.

I didn’t have anything by the time I made it home, but that was okay. I set up all the clips from today to upload to my cloud storage, then poured half a bag of Epsom salt in the bathtub, with the water as hot as I could stand it. After that soak, I grabbed my phone and stretched out on the couch, remote in hand. I queued up something on Netflix, then finally turned my attention to the social media notifications I’d been ignoring all day.

My eyes damn near bugged out when I realized what it was about.

Noah. Her name is Noah.

My eyes darted over the picture of us from the airport, which had somehow gone viral. I studied it, reabsorbing every detail of the scene that had been replaying in my head since it happened. As I stared, one thing seemed to stick out to me the most.

We were looking at each like Payton and Tatia looked at each other.

But that wasn’t possible. Even though they were kids, Payton and Tatia had history. They knew each other, had a reason to be sharing long looks, a reason for their eyes to brimming with feelings.

I hadn’t even known Noah’s name.

But when she came out of nowhere in that airport, beautiful as hell, all I could think about was... what’s going to make the best story?

So I kissed her.

That wasn’t the only reason I’d kissed her, and I wasn’t necessarily proud of it either way, but there was no denying the splendor of that moment. It was right there, captured in this single photograph, with a caption that couldn’t be more incorrect if it tried.

Curiosity drove me to tap on the @NoahKnows profile tagged in the image. Professional looking high-definition pictures spread out in front me, but there was one in particular that caught my eye.

It seemed to be a candid shot, at someone’s home. Noah was seated at a well-worn kitchen table, elbows propped against the top, chin perched atop her laced fingers. She was smiling across the table at an older woman with similar glowing, deep brown skin. The massive hair I’d forced myself to keep my fingers out of was pulled on top of her head in a loose ponytail I knew to refer to as a “pineapple” style from my sister. The old woman had the same style, only in gray.

A smile spread across my mouth as I read the caption.

“Kicking it fineapple to fineapple with the love of my life.”

As I scrolled through her feed, I learned this woman was her grandmother, and Noah treasured her. I also learned she was a woman of many talents – she was a writer and beauty editor for a major magazine, with a degree in nutrition. She gave beauty tips, wellness tips, relationship advice. She was a force. And she was fine.

Big, compassionate brown eyes, luscious lips, rounded nose. In a lot of pictures, she had her hair out in a big puffy fro, like I’d seen her today. She wasn’t shy about showing off her perfect mahogany skin in crop tops and shorts, and I appreciated her comfort. It didn’t seem like her style was “about that” though – it was part of who she was, and the bare skin was simply incidental. As soon as I thought that, I came across a post about appreciating the human body, not being ashamed of it, etc., that confirmed my assessment.

Confidence practically oozed off the screen. It was easy to see why people flocked to her, and why she had such an insane number of social media followers. It also explained the steadily climbing number of notifications I was receiving – I’d messed around and kissed a damn internet celebrity.

Definitely a good story.

I was getting ready to clear the notifications and call it a night when I noticed the message icon. I tapped it, and smiled when I saw the first name in the long line.

@NoahKnows wants to send you a message.

I didn’t even think twice - I hit accept, and then laughed, out loud, as soon as I read it.

“Why the hell did you kiss me?”

It was a change in energy from when the kiss happened, and she’d looked disappointed it was over. But I couldn’t do anything but accept that – I’d kissed her without permission. She had the right to be belatedly ticked off about it.

The message was from nearly three hours ago, which made me wonder where she was. Three hours ago, I was barely off my flight. Were we flying to different major cities in the same state? Was she five hundred miles away? A thousand? In a different time zone?

All of that aside, I wanted to answer her question. It took a little effort, but I pulled myself up from the couch and went into my bedroom, where I opened a box I kept stationed on top of the dresser. In that box were two sheets of paper torn from a small notebook, and folded together. I unfolded them and flipped to the side that mattered, snapping a picture I sent straight to Noah.

I put the phone down while I returned the papers to the box and put it back in place. When I looked at the phone again, she’d already responded.

“@NoahKnows – are you serious with this? “Kiss a beautiful stranger”. Is this your bucket list or something?”

I chuckled a little, and then tapped out my response. “Something like that. I apologize for any inconvenience I’ve caused you.”

“@NoahKnows Apology not accepted. I have a million people asking a million questions I don’t have answers to, because I don’t even know you.”

“@NoahKnows Did you know who I was when you kissed me? Was this a social media stunt?”

Damn.

“No, not at all. And again, I’m sorry. Not because I want you to accept it, but because I didn’t mean any harm. I didn’t think it through.”

At first, I didn’t think she would respond to that. After a few minutes passed without a follow-up message, I went to turn off the TV in the living room, and then settled into my bed. I was dozing off when the phone chimed.

“@NoahKnows well, maybe in the future you should. What if I had a boyfriend?”

“So you don’t have a boyfriend?” I typed, and then grinned.

“@NoahKnows wow. WOW. Seriously?”

“I’m just saying, you were kind of giving me eyes at the airport, so...”

“@NoahKnows I wasn’t giving you “eyes”, I was wondering what the hell was happening, sir.”

“Okay. If you say so.”

“@NoahKnows Okay, I’m done with this conversation. Have a great life. Keep your lips to yourself.”

I grinned at her using my parting words against me. If she remembered that, the kiss had to be as deeply embedded in her mind as it was in mine. My response was still forming when another message from her popped up.

“@NoahKnows Oh. I watched one of your short films, by the way. “Ease Into It.” Nice work.”

“I stalked the hell out of your Instagram, by the way. Nice work. You’re beautiful.”

“@NoahKnows Um, thanks. I, too, stalked the hell out of your social media, LOL. Trying to find all the information I could.”

“You could just ask me what you want to know.”

“@NoahKnows What if I don’t want to talk to you? I should be pressing charges to be honest. Make an example outta you.”

“Ah, damn. It’s like that?”

“@NoahKnows Maybe. I’m still thinking about it. And it’s late. I try not to make decisions when I’m sleep deprived.”

“Understood.”

I didn’t expect her to respond after that. Her comment about it being “late” furthered my suspicion she was in a different time zone, and I wasn’t trying to push my luck. I put my phone down too, turning it over on the face so the notification light wouldn’t keep me up.

Physically, I was exhausted, but my brain hadn’t gotten the message. I settled into my pillows and closed my eyes, and wasn’t the slightest bit surprised when my thoughts went back to that kiss.

She’d tasted like she’d eaten fruit for breakfast, and now that I’d had a glimpse into her lifestyle, that was fitting. I smiled to myself thinking about her – a smile that inverted when I found myself picturing how a woman like her might fit into my life.

Definitely time to take my ass to sleep.

I shook my head, redirecting my thoughts to Payton’s film. Or, trying to. She’d liked my work, so my mind went to maybe getting her feedback on this new thing too. It made exactly zero sense to be considering anything about a woman I didn’t even know.

Maybe that’s why my father had never crossed Kiss a Beautiful Stranger off that list.

He already knew it would be trouble.





3.


#NOAH




Ouch.

I frowned as I sat back in my desk chair, rubbing the bruise on my arm. I’d managed to avoid Nana the day I got back from my trip to San Francisco, but the next day – yesterday – that old lady had not been playing with me.

It had been a long time since I’d gotten one of her hard-ass church pinches.

Nobody – and I do mean nobody – else could scold me quite the way Helene Elaine Houston could without having a problem on their hands. But after everything the woman had done for me, I was taking my pinch and my “Do your hoing in private, where ain’t no damn cameras!” in stride, and not arguing about it.

That didn’t mean it didn’t hurt though.

I turned in my chair to look out of the window of the tiny office I was blessed to have. Just like the scenery outside the window, in the three years I’d been on staff at Sugar&Spice, my brand had blossomed into something beautiful. Of course I loved working at the magazine, but it would eventually be time for someone else to grow and bloom in the beauty editor role.

In the meantime, I had work to do.

No sooner than I’d woken up my laptop to read over a few article submissions, my phone chimed. I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t a little disappointed to find it wasn’t a new message from Nick Davison, who I’d been secretly hoping would reach out to me again.

Could I message him?

Sure.

But as much as I advocated for women to go after what they wanted, it didn’t feel the same. Besides - I had no idea what I wanted.

The little quip I’d made to him about pressing charges was true - randomly kissing a stranger because it was on some list you’d come up with was really not okay. And probably illegal. But that was only on my mind because I was searching for reasons to be bothered.

Honestly, I thought it was kinda cute. Like the start of one of those Hallmark movies that were advertised during my nightly Golden Girls binge, only with black people. And learning that it was a bucket list thing? The romance novel realness of that made me swoon. And he was funny, based on that short exchange the other night. And talented, based on the work I’d seen. And cute.

No.

He was tall, dark chocolate, broad-shouldered, neo-soul song worthy fine, to be honest.

And all the way in L.A.

Not that it mattered.

This wasn’t a Hallmark movie. It was real life.

So, I pushed my focus to the Instagram message that hadn’t been from Nick - it was from my other bestie, Keri, who was usually unavailable, hard at work at building her home décor brand.

“@PPShome - giiiirluhhhh! You not-boyfriend out here looking gooder than a lil’ bit! You SURE, like for real for real SUUURE you don’t want a piece of that?!”

I frowned for a second, wondering what she was talking about until I scrolled up a little, realizing something else had come through before the actual message. She’d shared a post with me, from some account called wreckmyuterusplz, and apparently today’s featured eye-candy was familiar.

It was Nick.

And he did look “gooder than a lil’ bit”, shirtless and sweaty in what appeared to be a screengrab from a movie. I’d done enough digging to know he ended up in front of the camera sometimes, so it didn’t surprise me. What did catch me a little off guard was the body underneath those clothes.

Was I for real for real sure I didn’t want a piece of that?

A knock on the door had me hurrying to turn off the screen on my phone, just before one of the beauty interns stuck his head in the door. “Noah, you have a visitor waiting in reception. She wanted me to give you this message - “Tell that B to hurry the F up too, cause I’m capitol H hun-gree.”

I grinned. That was nobody but Arizona, coming to grab me for lunch.

Glancing at my watch, I realized my daydreaming had taken me a few minutes past the time I was supposed to meet her at the elevators. She and Arnez, the co-host of her pop-culture/gossip show, had a small office space in the same building as the Sugar&Spice offices, so our lunchtime meetups were a common thing.

I stood and grabbed my blazer from the back of my chair, checking myself in the full-length mirror behind my door as I put it on. My cell went into the back pocket of my jeans, clutch tucked under my arm, and I was ready to go.

I found Arizona in the lobby flirting with the line of male models vying for a place in an upcoming spread. She was literally surrounded - only a flash of her long blonde braids alerted me to where she was. I slipped an arm between two of the models to grab her by the wrist to pull her out.

“Really, Z?” I playfully scolded. “But you told me to hurry up?”

Wearing a flirtatious grin, Arizona stared past me, offering somebody a little wave. “That was before my attention shifted a little to the left, and all these various shades of chocolate hit me like bam. I could get my fill for lunch right here.”

“The hell you will. Bring your ass on, I’m trying to get these sweet potato fries and you’re playing.”

“But the abs, Noah!” Arizona insisted, so sincerely I couldn’t do anything but laugh.

“Don’t you have a boyfriend, ma’am?” I asked, pulling open the main door that would lead to the elevator bank. Arizona was right behind me, and when I glanced back, her face was pulled into a scowl.

“Man, fuck him. I’m over that.”

I sucked my teeth. “For how long this time? A week? A day?”

“Until Taj decides to grow the fuck up, into an artist who doesn’t “need to appear single” for his image. I’m too fine to be somebody’s secret.”

“Ayyy, damn right!” I exclaimed, raising my hand to give her a high-five. She eagerly returned the gesture instead of playing it off, which made me feel like she was serious about it this time.

I hoped she was serious about it this time.

“What happened? What’s going on? Didn’t you spend the night with him last night?”

She huffed. “Yeah, spent the night arguing, because he felt like I was too flirty with Logan Lewis on the show. Like Logan isn’t too busy trying to get a whiff of Dani’s pussy to be worried about anybody else!”

Usually when Arizona went off on these celebrity rants, I kiiinda tuned her out. I loved my friend dearly, but I didn’t care about that glitter and glam. And sometimes I didn’t even know who the hell the people were.

This wasn’t one of those times.

My eyes bugged wide. “You’re joking, right? Fine ass, singing ass, piano-playing ass Logan Lewis and Songbird Dani?!”

Arizona pursed her lips as she gave me a deep nod, then pressed the button for the elevator. “Girl. Yes. I see you’ve been too busy to be up on game, but a “reputable source” swears she was in the hotel room next to Dani’s a few nights ago, and heard her hitting fuck me harder in allll types of high soprano notes. And guess who was seen sneaking out of the room later?”

“No!”

“Yes ma’am. And after interviewing him, I believe it. You should’ve seen the way his eyes went all lusty when I asked him about her.”

I gasped. “You asked him about that?”

“Girl, hell no. You know Arnez and Arizona don’t play that, I like my gossip and messiness verifiable honey. But, they ended up on stage together at her show that night. I think he was in the audience, but he came up and closed the show with her. Even that video footage is damn near too hot for TV though.”

I let out a low whistle. “Wow. I seriously had no idea about any of that.”

“Because you’re always holed up somewhere smoking incense.”

“Burning incense.”

“What is the damn difference girl?”

She and I stared at each other for a second before we burst out laughing, and we were still laughing when the elevator arrived. Before either of us could move to get on, someone got off, and Arizona hooked her arm through mine, digging her nails into my forearm.

“Whew, shit,” she muttered. “That man looks like answered prayers.”

She wasn’t wrong.

She wasn’t wrong at all.

Nick Davison stepping off the elevator in my building with a bouquet of dahlias in hand, dressed in fresh sneakers and nicely fit jeans and a deep blue sweater that was delicious against his dark skin absolutely did look like a gift from God.

“Just the woman I was looking for,” he said, and shit, did that whimper come from Arizona or me?

Arizona dug a sharp elbow into my side and I straightened up, clearing my throat. “Nick, hello. Um, what are you doing here?”

The smile he offered as he stepped forward was potent enough I felt it in my chest. “Well,” he said, extending the flowers in my direction. “I was hoping I could take you to lunch. Wherever you want to go, but I passed this little spot about a block away called Honeybee. Looked interesting, if you’re interested.”

“Oh, she’s definitely interested,” Arizona answered for me, before I could speak. “And Honeybee is her favorite spot in the city, so your batting average is insane right now.”

“You live in LA,” I blurted, planting my feet to fight against Arizona’s effort to push me forward, towards him. “How are you... here?”

His grin widened. “Surely you’re familiar with the airport, Noah.”

Shit.

My eyelids fluttered a little from the double-whammy of my name on his lips, and the memory of... his lips. So of course, my gaze went to his lips.

Damn, those are good lips.

“Right. Of course. Airplanes. Cross-country in a couple of hours, all that. Of course,” I stammered, awkwardly accepting the flowers I’d left him offering for too long. “Do you have a meeting or something here? Are you filming?”

He shook his head. “No. Not that I know of.”

My breath caught in my throat. “Oh.”

“Oh, this nigga is smooth,” Arizona whispered, but still loud enough that Nick heard her, and laughed.

“I’m not smooth,” he insisted. “What I am, is sorry for encroaching your space at the airport that day.”

My eyebrow hiked. “Is that what you’re calling it?”

“I’m trying to clean it up, since the truth sounds bad,” he said, and I couldn’t help the laugh that spilled from my mouth before I clamped my lips closed. “But nah, seriously, the whole Instagram apology thing, it felt weak. And you didn’t seem like you were trying to hear it either, so I thought maybe showing up in person would make more of an impact.”

“Mission accomplished homie.” Arizona gave Nick a goofy grin and then turned to me and hissed, “Go to lunch and then ride his face bitch, or I’m throwing your shit on the curb,” under her breath. “I’ll take these,” she said louder, pulling the flowers from my hands. “I’ll get one of the interns to make sure they’re in your office when you get back.”

“But what about our plans, Arizona?” I asked, a question that got me a death glare in return.

“What plans, Noah?” she growled back. “I am going to go see if I can talk one of those models into letting me eat sushi off his abs, and you are going to lunch with this nigga who looks like he would shoot up a plantation for you, okay? Okay. Call me after.”

With that, Arizona turned and flounced off down the hall, her braids flapping behind her as she moved. I stood there, stunned, until Nick cleared his throat.

Amusement played at the corners of his mouth when I turned to face him.

“So, your friend seemed pretty adamant about you coming to lunch and riding my face after, but I’m cool with lunch. Or nothing, if you’re not feeling it.”

I closed my eyes for a moment, as if it would shut off some of my embarrassment. “I... um... no. I mean... yes. I’m okay with it. I mean, we’ve already kissed, so this wouldn’t exactly be unheard of.”

He smirked. “So, just lunch then, or...?”

“Really? Now you’re pushing it.”

“I’m kidding,” he insisted in a soothing tone as he raised his hands in defense. “My bad.”

“Mmmhmm.”

He pretended to zip those great lips, then pressed the button for the elevator. It came almost immediately, and we climbed on with a few other people. Neither of us said anything, but I felt his eyes on me the whole way down. It was nice.

Out on the street, he surprised me by not grabbing my hand. Not that he had to, but with the cross-country flight, and flowers, I almost expected it, and was a little disappointed when he didn’t.

“Why are you suddenly so quiet?” I asked, when we were halfway down the block and he still hadn’t said anything.

He shrugged. “I’m trying to stay out of trouble.”

“Trouble?”

“Yeah. Everything I’m thinking right now is a little inappropriate, so...”

I stopped in the middle of the sidewalk, and turned to face him. “Such as...?”

“You really want to know?”

“Yes,” I answered, hoping like hell I wasn’t about to regret it.

My heart sped up a little as he closed in most of the space between us, leaving enough that we weren’t actually touching. “Such as, you are wearing the hell outta these jeans.”

I smirked. “Seriously? That’s it?”

“Nah,” he said, dipping his head to put his mouth a little closer to my ear. “That’s just the least likely to get me slapped, or make you change your mind about lunch.”

My gaze climbed up the front of his sweater, to his face. “Oh. I probably shouldn’t push it then, huh?”

“That’s entirely up to you, Noah. It’s all talk at this point anyway, right?”

Before I could answer, he’d stepped back. This time, he did take my hand, threading his fingers through mine before he gave me a gentle tug to get me walking again.

“You know this doesn’t help, right?” I asked, and he frowned a little.

“Doesn’t help what?”

“Well, you claimed you were here to apologize for causing extra attention, but what do you think this does?” I gestured towards our clasped hands, trying to ignore how good his skin felt against mine. “When people see us moseying down the street holding hands, what do think they’re assuming?”

We stopped to wait for the signal to cross at the end of the block. There was a twinkle of mischief in Nick’s eyes as he looked down at me, squinting against the wind he was blocking from whipping in my face.

“I think they assume I’m courting you.”

“Exactly,” I said, as we crossed the street, stopping right in front of the restaurant. “Which won’t bring less attention. It’ll bring more. It’s going to be a whole thing, if people think we’re dating.”

With the way my last relationship had gone... maybe that wasn’t a bad thing though.

Gently - Nick extricated his hand from mine. “Again, my bad. But why is it such a horrible thing for people to think? I’m blocking somebody you’re trying to close the deal with or something?”

“What?! No,” I insisted, even though Sam’s lying ass did flash in my mind. “It’s just that it’s not true. We’re not dating, you’re not courting me.”

“You sure?”

That question stopped me cold, even though I wasn’t moving. I drew my head back, blinking hard as I processed the meaning of his words. “Um, are you?”

“Would you be opposed?”

I narrowed my eyes. “Don’t answer my question with another question.”

“But you answered my question with a question.”

“When?!”

“When I asked you if you were sure I wasn’t courting you. Did I come here to apologize, yes. But also because you seem interesting, and you called yourself and your grandmother “fineapples”, and I think you’re beautiful, and maybe I imagined it, but I don’t think I did - there was something there, at the airport. Me and you, same time, same place... I don’t know what yet, but there’s something to that. And all of that taken together is what made me get up the next morning and buy a plane ticket. I’d like to know more, if you’re willing to let me.”

Wow. Okay.

Obviously, I couldn’t let him know my thoughts essentially mirrored his, because the thoughts themselves were crazy, right? And getting on a plane for a chance to get to know someone who, not even 72 hours ago, was a stranger... that wasn’t charming. It was creepy, right?

I knew what the answer was “supposed” to be, but I couldn’t make myself feel it. In fact, I was wildly attracted to Nick, even more than before, because he’d gotten on a plane from the sunny perfect weather in L.A. to come here. For me.

Effort held an underrated degree of sexy.

“Let’s just eat,” I suggested, feeling the urge for a moment to collect myself. “Can we do that?”

He nodded, then grabbed the door handle to open it for me. “Of course.”

I took a breath, trying to calm my nerves as I stepped into Honeybee. It was a popular spot, and as such, was crowded for lunchtime, which meant there would probably be a wait. I was approaching the hostess to get our names down when Nick put a hand on the small of my back, effectively stilling my motions.

“Nick Davison,” he told the hostess, who looked at something on her screen, tapped a few buttons, and then smiled as she picked up two menus from the stack beside her.

“Follow me right this way.”

She moved quickly, but Nick grabbed my hand, guiding me as we followed her in the opposite direction from the one I was used to going. I’d never eaten anywhere except the main dining room, and once at a party held in the event space upstairs. Until today, I hadn’t even known the private area she led us to even existed.

High dividers separated tables lined in front of what I’d never known to be a functional window. From the outside, it was basically a mural with the Honeybee logo as the focus, but from this side, sunlight streamed in, and the street was visible through the array of colors.

“You’re full of surprises, aren’t you?” I asked, once we were seated, and the hostess had walked away. “How did you know I would come to lunch, or agree to this restaurant?”

He shrugged. “I didn’t. I hoped, and made plans. It happened to work out.”

“Does that happen for you a lot? With the handsome face, and wide shoulders, and the charm? Things just “work out”?”

Nick’s eyebrows raised, and for a half-second there was a shift in energy that made me wonder if I’d said something wrong. But then he grinned, and shook his head. “Nah, I wouldn’t say so. Today is a lucky day I guess. Or maybe it’s you. Good luck charm.”

“Wow,” I said, turning to look out the window and hide my blush as a server came by to drop off a carafe of water and glasses. Nick must’ve caught the hint that I needed a second, because he did the talking when the server asked if we needed anything, asking for biscuits and apple butter for us to share.

As if I needed another reason to be attracted to him.

When I turned to face him again, he was picking up the water, and poured glasses for both of us. I eagerly accepted mine and took a gulp, hoping it would douse some of the heat that had been steadily building since Nick stepped off that elevator.

“You’re a beauty editor. I googled the hell out of that and still don’t know what it means,” he said, then sipped from his glass.

“Oh! Think of it like a creative director. I steer the vision of everything beauty related for the magazine. I’m into things being organic, natural hair, eating well, things like that, so under my direction a lot of our content is about cruelty-free products, products made from natural ingredients, instructions on making your own products, how to eat for clear skin, things like that.”

He nodded. “So you’re like, anti-chemical?”

“No, I wouldn’t say that. There are definitely good chemicals, especially in beauty products, but I do believe in limiting the foreign elements we put on our bodies, because sometimes those things end up in our bloodstream, affecting our health.”

“And you’re big on like, holistic health, right?”

I shrugged. “Yes and no. Again, it’s situational. Medicine does a lot of good in our world, but there are natural remedies for a lot of the things we medicate, and the natural remedies are better for us than the medicine.”

“Change your diet to help with migraines, but also vaccinate your damn kids.”

“Exactly,” I laughed. “You get it.”

“I do.”

There was quiet for a moment as the waiter dropped off those biscuits, and then I asked, “What about you? What made you get into filmmaking.”

“Good and bad, I inherited a lot from my parents. Filmmaking is one of those things. I love a good story, and the camera is my medium for telling those stories.”

I snagged one of the biscuits from the plate, then dipped the serving spoon into the apple butter to spread over it. “What are you working on now?”

A grin spread over his face, and he shook his head. “Short film written by my nephew and his friends. They’re the actors too. A romantic comedy. A teenage romantic comedy.”

“Oh wow. That sounds adorable.”

He chuckled, and then pulled his phone from his pocket. He did something on it, and then slid it across the table to me.

On the screen, I watched as the “hero” - Nick’s nephew, apparently - ran a hand over his head, looking sheepish as he carried on a conversation with the heroine, who seemed to be portraying a “cool” girl to his somewhat nerdy appearance. Suddenly, she grabbed his face in her hands, pushed up on her toes and kissed him - perfectly teenage appropriate, but still very sweet. When she pulled back, they shared a look that... either these were really good young actors, or the crush they were portraying was real. Either way, there was emotion there that felt a little too familiar.

“This is good,” I told him, when the clip finished. “You’re going to give it full editing, production, all of that?”

“Yep,” he said, washing down a mouthful of the warm, fluffy biscuits with a drink of water. “Well, I’m going to help him with it, and then help him shop it around. There’s nothing on the market geared at their age range, with kids that look like them. I’m going to do what I can to bring it to fruition.”

I nodded. “I like that. Hashtag, black teen love.”

“There you go,” he laughed. “Although, I’m a little surprised you’re joking about those hashtags. Glad you’re taking it in stride - and don’t seem mad at me anymore.”

I shrugged. “No point in that now, right? I mean, we’re here sharing a meal.”

“Hashtag, black love. Hashtag, relationship goals.”

“Oh my God,” I giggled. “Could you not, though? Can you believe how people ran with that?”

He shook his head. “Man, I imagine you looking at it like, “relationship goals”? I don’t even know this clown.”

“It wasn’t exactly like that, but yeah, kinda. But isn’t that just like the internet? Taking what looks good on the surface and making it something it isn’t.”

“Yeah that whole hashtag is full of shallow shit anyway.”

“Typically, yeah. But sometimes there are real gems.”

Nick’s eyebrows lifted. “You scroll through often or something?”

I laughed. “No, I wouldn’t say often, but a time or two. It can be a good spirit lifter.”

He studied me for a second, and then picked up his glass, lifting it to the middle of the table. “In that case, here’s to finding the diamonds in the rough.” A smile spread across his lips as he waited for me to toast with him. After a moment, I was unable to keep a grin of my own from blossoming.

He was very, very good at that.

Since the airport, I’d felt an energy that was very different. After dealing with Sam, and every guy before him, Nick felt different.

Refreshing.

I picked up my glass, and tapped it against his.

“I’ll drink to that.”





4.


#NOAH




I’d like to see you again before I leave.

That was how we closed a lunch break that ended up being nearly three hours long. He wanted to see me again, and I didn’t particularly want to leave in the first place, so of course I agreed.

Nick had friends here – one being Rashad, Sugar&Spice magazine’s staff photographer, and other things besides me to occupy his time. He was giving me room to breathe, I could tell – he didn’t want me to feel obligated to entertain him since he’d flown out for me, and probably didn’t want me thinking he expected that.

Ultimately, we decided on dinner the next night – the last night of his short trip. He made us reservations at Butter, an upscale spot in the city I’d never been to before. I was excited to finally get a taste of the food I’d heard so much about, and excited to see him.

It felt good to be excited about somebody, purely by virtue of who they were. Not because of fancy gifts, or good sex, or any of the other things I was coming to view as traps. Or rather, distractions. It was easy to get wrapped up in being showered with things, or the proverbial “dick too bomb”, and end up wasting away in a dead situation.

I knew that all too well, from up close and personal experience.

With Nick, there was no expectation of anything beyond a good meal and good conversation, and I couldn’t think of many things would please me more.

I smoothed my hands over my hips in the mirror, hoping the pale gold, wide-legged slacks I’d paired with a sheer, floral printed top was “dressy” enough for Butter. I’d googled extensively, and even called about the dress code, so I knew it was fine on paper, but I didn’t want to be under-dressed.

My makeup was already done, hair pulled up in my “pineapple” style, since it was something Nick had brought up in our conversation the day before. In the mirror, my face spread into a smile. I looked good. I looked great and I was confident Nick would think so too. I wanted to see his eyes light up with pride at having me on his arm for the night, wanted him to do that thing where he stepped in all close to kiss my cheek in greeting – as he’d done in parting, after lunch.

And later... would he kiss me again? Kiss me goodbye, or just good night?

All of that was swirling in my head when my cell phones rang, and I shuffled across my scuffed hardwood floor to take it off the charger and answer it.

“Hello?” I said, trying to keep the excitement out of my voice.

“Noah? It’s Nick.”

I closed my eyes, enjoying the lingering warmth of his deep tone in my ear. “Yeah, I know. I saved your number,” I explained, walking to the closet and flipping the light on. “I’m getting ready to put my shoes on, and then I’m headed your way.”

“Yeah... about that.”

I stopped mid-reach for a pair of shoes, and straightened up. “What is it?”

“Uh, something came up. I’m sorry, but I’m going to have to rain check on dinner.”

Propping my free hand on my hip, I frowned. “Nick, you’re going home tomorrow, and home is in Los Angeles. How exactly would it be a raincheck?”

“I know. I’m sorry is all I can say.”

I scoffed. “Okay. Well, what happened? Are you leaving early or something?”

“I don’t want to get into it, but just know, I’m only cancelling because I have to. Not because I want to.”

“Wow.” I bit the inside of my lip, trying to check my anger before I continued. “Nick, you’re cancelling Friday night plans with me, at the very last minute, and I can’t even get a real explanation?”

There was silence on the other end for several seconds, and then a heavy sigh. “Noah... I’m sorry.”

“Yeah. Okay. Have a safe flight tomorrow,” I said, then pulled the phone away from my ear, making sure to end the call before I tossed it across the bed. As soon as I felt the prickle of disappointed tears behind my eyelids, I shook my head.

You’re overreacting.

I closed my eyes, pushing out a breath. I was overreacting. Had I gushed about it over tapas with Arizona and Keri the night before? Sure. Had I been giddy about it all day? Sure. Had I devoted probably too much time to choosing an outfit, doing my makeup, and styling my hair? Definitely.

But it was just a date. And honestly, I barely knew Nick anyway. Dates got cancelled all the time, life happened. And Nick had let me know, instead of standing me up. We didn’t know each other in such a way that I was owed an explanation – a “hey, I can’t make it” call was all that was required.

Which... maybe that’s why it was so disappointing. I’d already built him enough of a pedestal in my head that I expected more.

That was my bad. Not his.

A passing glance in the mirror reminded me I was fully dressed. There was no point in wasting the effort I’d put into getting ready – not when Arizona had invited me to an industry event thing for the R&B singer Ragee. I remembered her making a point of leaving the “hoe gear” at home, and wearing a sage green sweater-dress and boots. I put a hand to my mouth, absently biting down on one of my nails. Fashion wasn’t my wheelhouse at the magazine, but I could put together an outfit post for my Instagram. Me, Arizona, and I was pretty sure I could get a few others to let me snap a picture.

I clapped my hands together and smiled, heading back to the closet for shoes. Just that quickly, my night was turned around.

Well, somewhat.

I was still disappointed about Nick, but I’d be damned if I was going to wallow in it, not when I barely knew him. It was probably just as well that he let me down now instead of later. My imagination had already been running wild about him, and if I was going to learn from past mistakes, it was best to nip that whole thing in the bud before it even started.

Once I had my shoes on, I grabbed a cute blazer that worked with my outfit and put it on. Purse, keys, cell, and one last check in the mirror left me ready to go.

I was a little excited to go network and listen to some good music. As I unlocked and opened the door, I sang the words to one of Raj’s songs, bobbing my chin to the background music as it played in my head. I was turned to lock the door behind me when I heard footsteps, and I grinned, expecting it to be Arizona.

“What’d you forget this time, Z?” I asked, pulling my key back out and opening the door. When I turned around, my heart leapt up into my throat.

It was not Arizona.

“You look beautiful,” he said, smiling as his gaze washed over me.

I rolled my eyes. “What the hell are you doing here, Sam?”

I stepped back as he stepped forward, and his shoulders sank. “You haven’t been returning calls, responding to me texts...”

“Because I blocked you,” I explained, crossing my arms. “Our lack of communication is very much on purpose.”

“Noah, why?”

I sucked my teeth. “You cannot seriously be wondering. You know good and damned well why. Don’t play with me.”

“That’s not what I mean,” he insisted, moving so quickly to close the space between us that I didn’t have time to react before his arms were around me. And... shit. Despite my anger, his touch still felt good.

His touch had always felt good.

Sam was the kind of guy that was very, very easy to get wrapped up in. Tall, and charming, and tall. It didn’t hurt that he was handsome – brown sugar skin, bald, beard sprinkled with a dash of salt and pepper – but it was mostly that damned charm.

He’d been the one to approach me – at a networking opportunity not unlike the one I’d been headed to – wanting to collaborate. He was a tech guy – had an app or something he wanted me to try out, share with my followers. The reason for the “or something”?

We didn’t get very far into the details.

His app didn’t fit my brand, so the guise of business was eliminated quickly. I wanted him, and I wasn’t ashamed or shy about saying it, especially since the way his eyes kept lingering at my breasts said the interest was mutual.

We were adults. We said what we had to say to get to the place of doing what we wanted to do – each other.

“Noah,” he said as he lowered his mouth to my ear, in a low, sexy timbre that made my knees feel a little like jello. “I messed up, baby. I know that. But you can’t tell me I’ve ever made you doubt how I feel about you.”

That was almost true.

Sure, it started as just sex – incredible sex – but as usual, developed into something further. It had been nearly a year and a half since the event where we met. Over time, we’d come to care for, and maybe even love each other.

Sam wasn’t jealous, or demanding. He was working on his career and I was working on mine, with little interest in being up under someone all the time. We were busy, but we both understood, and simply worked around it. I wanted a situation that was just mine – not for public consumption, at all. He was on board with that. When we were together, Sam was affectionate, fun, always with a gift in hand, never selfish in bed.

So no, I didn’t ever question how he felt, not while we were in the midst of whatever it had been. But the thing was...

“Can your wife say the same thing?”

Warm air rushed past my ear as he let out a sigh, then stepped back, pushing his hands into the pockets of his jeans. Because he knew.

“Nothing to say? No more excuses? No more, “you don’t understand the situation, it was already over.”?”

He scoffed. “You don’t understand the situation, and it was already over.”

“There is nothing to understand!” I snapped, nostrils flaring. “It is not over, until a court of law says so.That is how it works. And since last I heard, the two of you were trying to work it out, I’m not sure what the hell it is you want from me.”

His hands went up into the air. “I want you to hear me out. I want you to hear what I’m saying, and believe I’m telling you the truth. I’ve never lied to you, Noah.”

“A lie by omission is still a lie,” I hissed. “And a whole ass wife is big omission!”

“Noah, please.”

He reached for my hand, and I snatched away, backing up toward my front door. “No. Don’t touch me. Don’t ever touch me again.”

“Just listen, please... we’re not working it out. I moved out, to my own place. We’d been separated for damn near six months when I met you. I’ve been waiting on her to sign the papers since then, and she won’t. She insisted on the counseling – said if we did that, and then she would sign the papers.”

I rolled my eyes. “Because she still wants you, Sam. She is holding on to her marriage, and you have gravely misunderstood who I am if you think I’m going to spend any amount of time knowingly in the way of another woman.”

“You don’t even know her,” he said, with obvious frustration in his voice. “How is her side more important than mine to you?!”

“Have you ever even paid attention to my brand, Sam?! Women’s empowerment, wellness, mental health. It’s not a gimmick for me – I actually care, and I will always find myself on the “not screwing someone’s husband” side of any equation where that’s an option. Leave me alone. Go back to your wife. Or, do her a favor, and don’t. Get your shit together, and then maybe find someone else to be with.”

Sam made a sound that was half-sigh, half-growl. “Fuck, Noah! Come on! How are you this cold about this? Huh? Did this shit never mean anything to you?”

“Of course it meant something to me!” I snapped back. “The problem is, the fact that you lied about something so massive makes me wonder if it ever meant anything to you. You only get one shot with my trust, and you blew it. Good. Bye. Go away. If you contact me again, I’m calling the police.”

With that said, I stepped back into my apartment and slammed the door closed behind me before I locked it. As soon as my fingers left the cold metal, it was like something in me crumbled, and I gave up trying to hold back my tears.

So much for turning this night into something.

I didn’t even bother wiping the tears away as I undressed, stripping down to nothing to climb into the shower. I let the hot water spray over me, over my face, over my hair, trying to scrub away the ickiness of that interaction with Sam, the knowledge I’d assisted in the betrayal of his vows, my disappointment about the cancelled date with Nick... everything.

When I left the shower, I didn’t feel better. I didn’t feel warm or motivational, I felt pissed. I felt stupid.

Stupid for not knowing something was up with Sam, stupid for thinking the thing with me and Nick might actually be a thing. As I stepped out of the bathroom, my eyes landed on yesterday’s flowers, still perched where I’d placed them on my bedside table. I lowered my face to them, inhaling their sweet, earthy scent before I picked them up carried them into kitchen.

I dropped them right into the trash, vase and all.

Now, I felt a tiny bit better.

I pulled a smile to my face as I headed back to my room, and straightened my shoulders. So what if I wasn’t going out tonight? I had wine, I had candles, and I had my kindle. And if that wasn’t enough, my bedside boyfriend had never let me down.

Men, on the other hand... I should’ve known better.





5.


#NICK




There was nothing to gain from pretending I hadn’t messed up with Noah. I had, and I knew from the moment she hung up after I cancelled our dinner date. The calls she sent straight to voicemail and ignored texts only drove her point home further.

Maybe I should have taken the hint. It was obvious she’d written me off, and didn’t want to be bothered. But there was still that thread of something that, for whatever reason, wouldn’t let my brain accept that as the end. If she’d said, “Leave me alone,” or even anything like it, I’d honor that, no question. But I couldn’t help feeling like there was a reason she hadn’t.

When I saw she was going to be at an event in LA, two weeks after that fateful airport kiss, I bought a ticket to it. And I went.

I arrived early, hoping for the unlikely event that I’d be able to catch her before it started. Security hadn’t gotten into place yet at the venue, so I slipped in easily, looking around the large space that was set up theatre style – workers were even putting together a small stage.

To the right of the room, caterers had set up a table of snacks, and that was where I spotted Noah – or rather, her hair. She had the fro out today, and was taking full advantage of the warm weather, in a jumpsuit that dipped low at the back, showing off smooth dark skin.

It was like a magnet.

My head was high as I walked over to where she stood, taking care not to get too close before I called her name. When she turned from the duo of women she was talking to, recognition was the first thing to light her eyes. There was a quick flash of happiness before she shuttered it, fixing her face into a muted scowl.

“Can I help you?” she asked, with a distinct frostiness that stung.

“Yes,” I answered, pulling a smile to my face to combat her icy demeanor. “Remember that rain check I mentioned on dinner? I’m here, you’re here, so I figured maybe...?”

She scoffed. “What, so you can cancel on me at the last minute again, without an explanation? I think I’ll pass. And if you’ll excuse me, I need to finish getting ready for this event, which is for ticket-holders only.”

“I wouldn’t cancel on you again, Noah. And I have a ticket.”

Her eyes widened a bit over that news. “Oh. Well, enjoy the show.”

“And what about dinner?” I asked, taking a step closer.

“What about it?” She crossed her arms, tipping her head back at me, not bothering to hide any of the disdain in her expression.

“I know I messed up by cancelling on you, and I’m sorry. Give me an opportunity to make it up to you.”

She rolled her eyes. “Any time a man has said those words to me, it has always been followed by some bullshit, and preceded by some bullshit I shouldn’t have accepted in the first place.”

“That’s not this,” I insisted. “And I’m not them.”

For the first time since turning to see my face, she cracked a smile that quickly developed into a giggle. “You always say that. And you always are, indeed, “them”.”

“Just dinner,” I said, taking a chance on grabbing her hand, and ignoring the too-accurate verbal jab she’d thrown. “That’s all I’m asking. The dinner we didn’t get to have.”

Slipping her hand from my palm, she shook her head. “I gotta go.”

Shit.

I doubted disrupting her event would win any points, so I let it go, choosing instead to get myself into a seat. I’d woken up fatigued, and standing around wasn’t making it better. Once other people started coming in and finding their seats, I quickly discovered that sitting wasn’t much of an improvement.

Before long, I was surrounded by giggly women who seemed to be very intrigued by my presence. I was one of maybe 5 men in an event very clearly geared toward women, a fact I hadn’t considered in my mission to get close to Noah. I pulled out my phone to look at the flyer she’d posted this morning on her Instagram page, along with a caption about looking forward to it.

Feelin’ Yourself – Becoming your own “Woman Crush Everyday”.

Ah, shit.

With a heavy sigh, I settled further into my seat, trying to ignore the ache building in my joints. The event was starting soon, and even though I was far from the target audience, I wasn’t immune to the electric buzz of excitement in the room. Background music began to filter in as the lights lowered enough that the audience wasn’t under the artificial glare of the fluorescent lights. Above us, string lights glowed, helping create a warm, cheery vibe that felt very... Noah.

After a few more moments, the music lowered, and the host of the panel came out to introduce the guests. Cameron Taylor, founder and owner of Sugar&Spice magazine, who I’d worked with before, and knew fairly well. And of course, Noah, who I was trying to know better.

The twenty or so minutes were used by Cam and Noah taking turns telling their story. I’d heard Cameron’s before, because of a short I’d filmed for her and her sister, Jai, who owned Honeybee. For Cam, the discovery of a cheating fiancé had led to a car accident that left her unable to walk for a while. She’d attempted to get through that ordeal by self-medicating with liquor, which ended up being another thing to overcome.

“But, I’m here,” Cam said, ending her abbreviated autobiography with a smile. “I’m here, and I have a good life – a life I love. But don’t let the fact that it looks good outside fool you into thinking it always looks good in here or here.” She pointed to her head, and then her heart. “We all have flaws, and we all have mess to deal with. But it doesn’t make us worthless, or worth any less.”

“Beautifully stated,” the host said, and audience applauded their agreement before she turned to Noah. “Okay girl,” she teased. “Talk to us about how you ended up with that “knows” in your screen name.”

Noah smiled. “Well, it’s certainly not as compelling as Cameron’s story, but I don’t sit here before you, the result of any sort of fairytale. The early parts of my childhood were, simply put, hell. Squalid living conditions thanks to drug addicted parents. Constant abuse – sexual, physical, psychological. I had fully grown adults who were supposed to love, nurture, and protect me, inflicting the worst kinds of mistreatment instead. But then, a woman named Helene decided to pop up on the son she hadn’t seen or heard from in years.

She didn’t even know her son had a child, let alone what was happening. And instead of the far-too-common outcome in our community, she did not sweep it under the rug because she loved her child. She advocated for a child.

Me.

I was six years old when my parents were put away for their crimes against me, and I went to live with Helene. She saved my life. Not just removing me from that situation, but by instilling a sense of value in me that I’d never felt about myself before. She took me to see therapists, kept up with the counseling, everything she was supposed to do to help me through that trauma. But she also had my behind in church every Tuesday and Sunday, every revival, every vacation bible school, all of that. And even though I’m admittedly nobody’s church girl now – and I’m probably gonna get a good old church pinch for saying that,” she laughed, and the rest of us laughed with her.

“Growing up that way cemented for me that I’m not here just to be here. I survived something meant to destroy me – I can’t squander this second chance by living a life that is beneath my standing. I don’t accept the little crumbs that people try to throw, right? I don’t do “frenemies”, I don’t accept people who never have a positive thing to say, I don’t accept liars, I don’t share a partner with anybody, I don’t accept anybody’s bare-minimum. When you come to me, you come correct. I demand it. And you should do the same. How different could our world be if we – lovingly – challenged each other to do, and be better, instead of accepting scraps?”

“Whew,” the host said, playfully fanning herself. “I see Noah is starting the reading portion of this event good and early,” she teased, and Noah dropped her face into her hands. “Since she brought it up, let’s stay with that for a moment, and take some questions.”

This was interesting.

Not just because of the new information about Noah’s background, but seeing the way the audience responded to the women on stage. They were keyed in to every word, listening intently as they took questions from the audience, offering insights based on their real-life situations.

Neither made it seem like they had all the answers, and it was made clear more than once that neither were therapists – just women who’d been to relative hell and back, and wanted to be positive forces. They did give out books though – signed, hardcover copies of a book on healing and self-love written by Layla Alexander, a well-respected, licensed mental health professional.

The woman who Cameron credited with getting her life back together.

I was simply listening, and thinking about how I should have brought my sister with me, when a young girl who couldn’t have been much older than Tatia stood up, and was handed a mic to ask her question. She was clearly nervous, hands shaking as she lifted the microphone to her mouth.

“Um, Hi Noah,” she mumbled, and up on stage, Noah smiled.

“Hi beautiful. Can you tell us your name, and your question?”

The girl nodded. “Yes. Um, I’m Mia, and I’m seventeen. I look up to you a lot, because your skin is dark, like mine, and your hair is nappy like mine, but you’re so beautiful. Everybody loves you, and you’re so positive, and you had that fine man at the airport looking at you like he would do anything for you.”

I damn near choked on my own tongue over those words, but quickly suppressed my cough, not wanting to bring attention to myself. Everybody was too busy laughing and high-fiving and saying “yaaas girl” to notice me now anyway.

Or so I thought.

Suddenly, I felt like people were looking.

When I peeked up at Noah, she was blushing, trying hard not to let it turn into a full-blown smile.

“I guess,” Mia continued, once the commotion had died down, “My question is, when you were younger... like a teenager... did you get picked on, or overlooked, I guess? I hear stuff all the time about how I’d be prettier if I were lighter, and those are the girls everybody wants, so I guess... you’re beautiful now, but did you ever feel... not?”

“Only all the time,” Noah answered immediately. “I got all kinds of crap because I was dark skinned, with these full lips. I got the worst “talking to” of my life when I was your age, because Helene found a jar of skin lightening cream in the bathroom. The boy I desperately wanted to ask me to prom, told me he didn’t “do dark-skinned girls”. Nevermind the fact his skin was like darkest midnight. And I was so hopped up on teenaged emotions, and hormones that I let that convince me I needed to change to fit his standard. And my “friends” didn’t know enough to tell me different. At church, I prayed for lighter skin, for a looser curl to my hair. I envied girls who already had those things, and though it wasn’t fair to them, I even resented them a little for it.”

When I looked back at Mia, she was nodding, while tears streamed down her face. “How did you deal with it? How do you make people see you differently?”

“Excuse my language sweetheart, but fuck them,” Noah said, frowning. “Helene put me back in therapy, and the thing I had to come to terms with was that it wasn’t about how they saw me. It was about how I saw me. Mia, I can sit here and tell you it gets better, and that would be true. It does. And if you suffer through, you’ll see better days. Right now, they don’t want you, but later you’ll be hot, and they’ll be all you – word to Mike Jones. That’s true. But what is useful, right in this moment, is for you to see you in a different manner. Any potential suitor who does not see the beauty of you right now does not deserve you, and that is their loss. You must believe that about yourself. Anybody who has the power to alter how you feel about yourself will absolutely use it. What better hands to wield such a power than your own?”

Mia shook her head. “None.”

“That’s right. None. And when people know that, they will adjust accordingly.”

“That just...” Mia sighed. “It sounds so much easier said than done.”

Noah laughed. “Oh, it is. Or rather, was. This wasn’t something I internalized overnight, and anyone who claims such a thing is a liar. It’s gonna hurt to demand those girls be better friends or get dropped. It might not feel good to go to the mall, or go to the movies alone,” Noah told her, standing up from her seat to climb down the few steps from the stage and head to where Mia was standing. “But you know what you’ll never regret? Not compromising yourself.”

When she reached her, Noah pulled Mia into a hug that only had the girl sob harder. Noah put her hand over her lapel mic, to cover the sound as she said something into Mia’s ear, but the ambient mics told it all as she promised to get Mia into some sessions with a therapist.

As if I wasn’t already convinced she was dope.

Once the event was over, I hurried out of my seat, as much as I could. The last thing I wanted was for one of these women to recognize me as the “fine man at the airport”, and I cringed hard as hell when I heard my name called.

Relief came quickly when I registered that it was a male voice, and a familiar one at that.

“Nick, what it do?” Rashad asked, pulling his hand back to slap with mine as he approached me. We bumped shoulders before we stepped back, turning our backs to the wall to look at the crowd.

“Not shit, man. I see Sugar&Spice is keeping you busy?” I gestured toward the huge camera around his neck as he lifted it, snapping a flurry of pictures.

“Always,” he said, once he’d lowered it. “What you doing out here? You need some help loving yourself or something?”

Out of the corner of my eye, I caught a glimpse of Noah as she made her way through the crowd of women, stopping to greet people and smile for pictures.

Gorgeous inside and out...

“Nah, not exactly.”

Rashad must have followed my gaze, because he chuckled before he said, “Oh. I see what you came to check out. Noah is next level.”

“Bruh, don’t you have a girl?”

“Yeah, and Bianca is next level too,” he laughed. “Just because I got a lady don’t mean I can’t appreciate yours.”

I shook my head. “Not my lady.”

“Oh, shit.” He turned to face me, his expression confused. “That whole airport thing, the picture of you and her kissing...”

“Looks can be deceiving, man.” I didn’t elaborate. Her being pissed at me made the whole idea of kissing her that day sound even more ridiculous than it already was.

Rashad grunted. “Man, you know I know that shit is the truth. I see boss-lady gesturing at me though, so let me go ahead and get over here. You stay up, aiight?”

“You too.”

We bumped fists in parting so he could go to where Cameron was, indeed, frantically motioning for his attention. I ducked off before she noticed me too, not wanting to take more inevitable questions about me and Noah. I found myself a spot out of the way until the crowd had thinned to a few industry people and the crew from the magazine and venue, and of course, Noah.

“Hey,” I called out, rushing to catch her attention as she left a conversation, and headed toward the back. When she looked up, noticing it was me, she rolled her eyes.

“Nick, I’m tired. What are you still doing here?”

I grinned at her. “Dinner, remember? You didn’t give me an answer.”

“Um,” her eyebrows bunched together. “I definitely gave you an answer.”

“Okay,” I shrugged. “Well, maybe I was hoping it changed.”

Noah propped her hands on her hips. “Were you paying attention to anything I said today, during the event?”

“I was hanging on every word.”

She bit down on her lip to suppress a smile before her eyes came back to mine. “Then, you know my answer hasn’t changed. No half-efforts.”

“Good, because I make it a point not to half-ass anything,” I told her, stepping closer. “Me coming today to plead my case, the calls and texts you ignored, me getting on a plane to come and take you to lunch – and bring you your favorite flowers. Even when I kissed you, Noah, I didn’t half-ass it. You know that.”

She drew her head back. “Oh, I do?”

“Yeah, you do. So, what’s up?”

Noah scoffed. “What’s up is you canceled on me right before I was about to walk out the door, with no explanation, and you still haven’t given one. Now, your business is your business – you don’t owe me anything. But I choose not to accept that. So, I’m going to take a shower, and lay down before I go to dinner with my team tonight, and then get on my flight tomorrow. It’s not about you, Nick. It’s about me.”

She patted me on the hand in a way that felt final, and then turned and walked away – no room for misinterpretation. I didn’t even bother playing the shit off – my damn shoulders dropped in disappointment, and stayed that way even when she glanced back to give me a little wave.

I tossed my hand up to return the gesture.

As I left the venue and headed to my car, I cursed myself out in my head. I should have gone on the damn date that night, but I’d thought it was better to catch her another time than to go knowing what the experience was going to be like.

Apparently, I’d been wrong.

And I couldn’t do anything but sit with that.

All the way back to my apartment, where I called my sister and told her about the book, then watched the final cut of Payton’s movie, then blew time on the internet, whatever I could to try to get Noah off my mind.

Hours after the event was over, I was still trying. The sun was heading down, and my energy was going with it, so I took a shower and got my ass in the bed. No sooner than I closed my eyes, my phone chimed with a text that made me sit straight up.

“So, about dinner... - Noah”





6


#NOAH




Don’t be so rigid that you leave no room for simple human error.

That was all Cameron said to me, after overhearing that conversation with Nick. She didn’t leave me room to debate if she was on my side or his, just dropped that nugget and walked off, destroying my world.

There’s no shame in changing your mind when something is antithetical to your happiness.

That was advice I repeated often, most commonly as encouragement for women to leave situations that weren’t healthy for them. I didn’t find myself on this side of the need for personal guidance spectrum very often anymore, but I pondered those two bits of wisdom in reference to my own situation for the rest of the afternoon.

I hoped texting him didn’t make me a hypocrite.

This whole love yourself, drink your water, mind your business thing wasn’t a hustle for me – it was a lifestyle. I genuinely believed in it, and practiced it in my own life, so when I recommended it for another woman, I was speaking from experience. But the thing with Nick had been nagging at me.

There was no denying the way my heart leapt into my throat when I saw him. The feeling that bloomed then – the happiness that he’d made a point to come and show his face – it made it hard to be angry.

But I’d managed.

The other thing I couldn’t deny? His persistence was sexy. He wasn’t doing too much, not for a woman like me. If he wanted me, he needed to make that shit clear.

Even if I stubbornly insisted on not giving him any steam.

We were past that though, maybe. I was currently – purposely – sitting in the shadows of a jazz bar in Inglewood, taking slow sips from a glass of water. The band on stage was good, filling the vaguely smoky air with up-tempo saxophone and bass guitar. A slow strobing light effect bathed the room in gradients of purple, blue, and green, with breaks in-between for the lowered natural lights. It was a nice vibe. A great make-up dinner pick.

Only, Nick wasn’t here.

Taking another sip from my glass, I glanced at my phone.

8:56.

We were supposed to be meeting at nine.

Admittedly, my paranoia about traffic led me to arrive early, but I preferred that. Still, it tended to make being on time feel like being late.

I was trying not to feel like Nick was late.

He’d made the reservations, which was why we had a table at all. Apparently, Coda was a popular spot – there had been a line of people waiting for seating when I arrived. I was relieved when I gave my name at the hostess stand and found out I wouldn’t be going to the end of that line.

But reservations hadn’t meant much last time.

At 8:59, I felt a shift. I looked up from my phone and my gaze immediately collided with Nick, who was taking his time as he navigated through the tables to get to me.

Damn he looks good.

Slacks, blazer, button-up but no tie, everything tailored for his body. Dressed, without being overdone, and it soothed my concerns about the off-shoulder cocktail dress I’d chosen being too much. In fact, the look he gave me when I stood as he approached the table said the dress was a perfect choice.

“I’m glad you reached out,” he said, his voice rumbling in my ear as he pulled me into a hug that felt like a warm blanket on a cold day. He held me slightly longer than what was “friendly”, but there was no part of me that minded.

When we stepped back, I found myself trapped under his gaze again, and nodded. “Just doing what felt right.”

Once we were seated, in a high-backed, booth-style bench that required us to be next to each other, the server came back, asking if we were ready. To my surprise, Nick didn’t order anything.

“What, you’re just going to watch me eat or something?”

He chuckled. “I didn’t exactly plan to watch your every bite, no. Does me not getting anything bother you?”

“No, it doesn’t bother me, it’s just a little strange. I mean, you asked me out to dinner, but you’re gonna eat?”

“Correction – I asked you to dinner, and you shot me down. So, I ate something on my own, and got in the bed, and then you hit me up to say you’d changed your mind.”

“I guess that makes sense.” I frowned. “But I texted you at like eight o’clock. Why were you in bed at eight on a Saturday night?”

He shrugged. “Tired. I’m not one of the cool kids, Noah, I’m not always out kicking it.”

“Uh!” I laughed. “Are you implying that I am?”

“You had a room full of women clapping for you, listening to you, loving you, and you’re going to sit here and act like you aren’t cool?”

I sucked my teeth. “I was talking about the “out kicking it” thing, actually sir.”

“I’m just saying, it’s a little late for dinner.”

“Are you complaining?” I asked, propping my hands under my chin. I only had them there for a moment before Nick slid a little closer to me, tugging my wrist to get access to link his fingers between mine.

“Not at all, gorgeous. Like I said before, I’m glad you reached out.”

“What were you thinking when you got my text?” I looked away from our clasped fingers to bring my gaze to his face instead. His eyelids were low, like I had gotten him out of bed.

“I wondered what changed your mind. And then I decided it didn’t matter, because I wasn’t about to miss the opportunity to see you.”

I grinned. “Watching me for three hours at that event wasn’t enough for you?”

“While that was incredibly dope, no. I was very much interested in having you to myself. One on one.”

“But this is a room full of people,” I said, glancing around.

He gave my hand a gentle squeeze. “True, but, it’s enough that I can get close to you. Feel your energy. Look at you when I’m talking to you.”

“So you think that’s important.”

“I think it’s very important. I mean, not like every conversation requires it or anything like that, but when we’re getting to know each other, I think being able to vibe in person is important.”

I nodded. “Oh, so only at first?”

“Absolutely not. We’re too complex for that, right? You aren’t the same person you were five years ago, or hell, even last year. So even the people who’ve known you all that time, there are parts of you they’ll have to learn all over again. And even outside of that, we contain multitudes. There’s always something new to figure out.”

He didn’t stutter or falter over a single word, speaking with full commitment to what he was saying, which was intriguing to me. “Okay, so, how do you approach that? That constant evolution.”

“By talking,” he said, simply. “That probably sounds mad basic, but it’s real. I do a lot of observing, a lot of people watching, you know? And something I’ve realized is that actual conversations, the exchange of ideas and opinions... we don’t do a ton of it. Not anymore. We communicate in soundbites, everything reduced to how much you feel like typing, or what can fit in a thirty-second video. Only time people want to stay on a topic longer than a few minutes is when they’re arguing, and even that isn’t about solutions, or coming to understand each other. It’s just shouting, and beating the other person over the head with your position until they tell you you’re right.”

My lips parted for a moment before I pressed them closed, with a deep nod. “I agree. We don’t have a lot of room for healthy disagreement or debate in very many places anymore. There’s little consideration of context, and nuance is quickly becoming a lost art. I’ve already been tagged today in several long diatribes about how me and my ideas are harmful to feminism.”

Nick’s face scrunched in confusion. “What?”

“My exact reaction. But, apparently, how dare I – wearing makeup and heels, no less – suggest a successful woman maybe should consider the impact of moving across the country on her fiancé. You were there – I didn’t tell her she should give up her career for him. But, it seems even though this man helped her pay off her student loan debt, clean up her credit score, and by her account treats her a queen, his life, his career shouldn’t even factor into her decision, which is bonkers to me. If you’re planning to spend your life with someone, consideration is basic decency.”

He shook his head. “Not to everybody. And for what it’s worth, I thought your advice was great – and so did the audience. You got big handclaps for “first you need to figure out if being without ol’ boy is an option for you. If it is, you don’t need to be marrying his ass in the first place.””

“I did not say it like that, oh my God!” I laughed.

Nick shrugged. “I mean, is that not the gist of it though?”

“I guess it is. But I meant that. I would only yes to someone I couldn’t imagine living without. If you know you don’t want to be without this person, you’re going to have to figure out what’s best for your lives together, and both of your best possible outcomes should be considered.”

“You don’t have to explain it to me, Noah, I agree with you. And again, so did the women in that room. There was nothing wrong with telling her to look for similar opportunities where she lived, or help him find something in the new city, or put a timeline around it, or consider a long-distance thing. You weren’t telling her what to do. You were laying out her options.”

I sighed. “Or so I thought. I guess I shouldn’t let it bother me though. Just part of the territory with being in this industry. It weighs on you, sometimes.”

“I can only imagine. I’m not nearly as visible as you are, and I’m a man, so nobody gives a shit what I’m talking about,” he chuckled. “But I don’t know... most people who have a following the size of yours, the kind of notoriety, all that... there’s a little bit of cynicism after a while. You don’t seem to suffer from that.”

“Because of days like today,” I said. “Meeting young women like Mia... it keeps me... I don’t wanna say grounded, but it keeps why I do this at the front of my mind. I’ve been her, and if I’d had a “Noah” to look up to, I could’ve saved myself the pain of so many mistakes.”

“But would you be “Noah” if you hadn’t made them?”

I turned to him, and couldn’t resist mirroring the slow smile that spread across his face. “I guess that’s a fair point.”

At that moment, the server brought the salad I’d ordered, topped with a thick piece of seared salmon. I was still staring at the plate – about two times the size I’d expected the dish to be – when he walked away.

“Are you sure you aren’t hungry? Because there is more than enough to share.” I asked Nick, who was starting to look increasingly sleepy. He immediately perked up when I spoke though, chuckling a bit as he nodded.

“Yeah, I’m good. But, thank you for offering.”

While I ate, he turned his attention to the band, probably to avoid the awkwardness of simply watching me. Like clockwork though, every minute or so he would glance at me, as if he were checking to make sure I was okay. Gradually those checks got fewer and further between.

“Hey,” I said, touching his shoulder. “You’re getting a little quiet on me. Are we good?”

He turned to me, with noticeably heavy eyelids. “Absolutely. I was letting you enjoy your meal. I figured we’d get back to it after.”

“Are you going to get a little nap in first?” I teased, but he didn’t smile. Instead, he pushed out a heavy – exhausted – sigh.

“I’m going to grab the server, see if I can get some coffee.”

“Wow. Is my company that dull that you need a caffeine boost to stay awake?”

That got his eyes open. “What? No. Not at all, I... shit.” He lifted his hands, scrubbing them over his face in frustration, and I slid away, just a little. Halfway falling asleep wasn’t exactly great date etiquette, but he’d already mentioned being tired, so it wasn’t out of the blue. He seemed to be a lot more bothered by it than I was.

“Nick, I’m joking with you,” I said, in a tone I hoped was soothing. “I’m not tripping about this.”

He sat back, with another heavy sigh, eyes pointed up at the ceiling before they drifted closed again, as if he simply couldn’t help it.

“Seriously though, are you okay? Do you need to go?”

Opening his eyes, he looked longingly at me, then shook his head. “I don’t want to, but I probably should.”

I knew already, but I didn’t expect it to make me feel sad. “Well, it was nice getting to talk with you again. I’m in LA at least three or four times a year, so maybe we can link up again then,” I said, and meant it.

“Yeah,” he said, and didn’t mean it. I could tell from the defeat in his voice he thought I was just being nice. I understood why he would think so – this “makeup” date had started well, but landed far away from a success. Maybe he was right to think so. Maybe this was all it was ever meant to be.

He flagged down the server to pay the check, and didn’t say much else. I pulled up my app to order a car for the ride back to the hotel, but held off on completing it because it felt weird to leave it like this. While we waited for the server to return Nick’s card, I snuck glances at his face. The more I watched him – the stiffness of his movement, the way he cringed just reaching for his water... something occurred to me.

“Nick, you aren’t just sleepy, are you?”

Our gazes caught, and held, and he ran his tongue over his lips as he sat back. I waited for several seconds, so long I wasn’t sure he planned to answer, but then he shook his head.

“No.”

“So, what then?” I pressed, turning my whole body in his direction to give him my undivided attention. “Did you get beat up?”

“What? Hell no.”

“Sun sickness? Migraine? Concussion?”

“No.”

“Are you high?”

“No,” he said, sitting up. “Noah...” he glanced around us, nodding at the server as he put the black payment envelope back down on the table, and left. “I have sickle cell disease.”

My head drew back. “You’re having a flare up? You’re in crisis?!”

His eyes went wide in surprise at my questions, but then some of the obvious tension he was holding in his shoulders melted away. Relief.

“You’re familiar?”

I nodded. “Yeah. My sophomore year roommate. I would pick work up from her professors sometimes when she had flare ups... when she was able to stay in our room.”

His hands went up in front of him. “I’m not about to pass out or anything, if that’s what you’re thinking. The initial flare up was weeks ago, I’m just still in the aftermath.”

“You’re hurting though, aren’t you?”

“It’s not a big deal.”

“It is. Nick, I know it is,” I insisted. “Lingering pain in your joints, and in your bones. And you came to the event today, and then back out tonight, and I... what’s your address?”

Nick frowned. “Huh?”

“Your address? You didn’t drive, did you? I’m ordering a car, and I want to make sure you get home okay, after I dragged you out when you weren’t feeling well.”

“Noah. Please relax. I’m good. I’d already taken something for the pain when you texted, it kicked in on me while we were sitting here, so I’m fighting the drowsiness. If it wasn’t for that, there wouldn’t be an issue.”

I huffed. “Okay, so what happens when your uber driver robs you because you’re passed out in a dead sleep, and like, leaves you in a ditch or something?”

“That is really dark.”

“Sorry. But, seriously what’s the address?”

“You’re not going to let this go, are you?”

“I’m positive you already know the answer to that.”

Nick pushed out a sigh, and then gave me the address, which I quickly plugged into my phone.

“Hey, actually, hold up, use mine,” he said, whipping his phone from the inside pocket of his blazer.

“Too late. Car is on the way. Besides, you paid for my dinner.”

“Because I asked you out.”

“But you didn’t eat anything,” I argued. “You were basically keeping me company while I ate.”

“Irrelevant. A man asks you out, he should pay.”

I lifted an eyebrow. “How heteronormative of you.”

Nick sucked his teeth. “Nah, now. That goes for anybody, gay, straight, whatever. The man that asks is the man that pays.”

“What about two lesbians Nick, huh?” he opened his mouth to answer, but I held up a hand. “Wait – two femme lesbians? Or a throuple? Or a group situation?”

He narrowed his eyes for a moment as he thought about it, then sat back. “Ah, damn. I’ll give you this round, Ms. Inclusive Language.”

“I don’t want to win, I want you to adjust your thinking.”

His lips turned downward for a second, considering it, and then he nodded. “I can do that.”

“Uhhh...” I pulled my eyebrows together in a frown. “Seriously? Just like that? That easily? No arguing about a man’s place, how a woman should play her position...”

Nick leaned forward. “Okay, don’t get it twisted – I do think if you ask someone out, you should pay for it. That stands. But it doesn’t cost me a damn thing to broaden my horizons, or consider a different point of view. Back to that whole constantly evolving thing, right?”

I bit down on my lip to keep myself from making an audible sound of pleasure before I nodded. “Um, the car is here.”

Without waiting for him to move, I stood, smoothing the wrinkles in my dress before I looked up to find him in the exact same position, his gaze intently focused on me.

“What’s wrong?” I asked, moving around the table to get in front of him. “Do you need help getting up?”

He chuckled, and then – laboriously – pulled himself up, reminding me of our height differential when I had to tip my head back to look him in the face. “I was taking a moment to admire the view.”

“Seriously? Not even two minutes ago you were barely keeping your eyes open, but you can still manage to flirt?”

“I can always manage to flirt with you Noah.”

“Uh huh. I see.”

In the car, things grew quiet again, and I was purposeful about letting them stay that way. I felt a prick of guilt about making him work so hard to make up our cancelled date, now that I knew about his condition. But knowing he’d pushed himself this way greatly elevated my opinion of him.

Not that I felt like a man had to push through chronic pain to impress me, but having this information changed things. For example – had a flare up been the reason for the initial cancellation?

At his place, we went back and forth about me helping him inside. Clearly, he wasn’t very into the idea of being fussed over, but I wasn’t into the idea of leaving without making sure he was settled, so I insisted.

He opened his front door and then stepped aside for me to come in. “So, you’ve seen me inside. Are you satisfied now?” he asked, lingering in the doorframe.

“I’ll be satisfied when you’re resting.”

“Fine. That’s exactly what I plan on doing,” he said, still not moving.

My eyes went from him to the still-open door. “Is this your way of rushing me off? Letting me know I’m not welcome?”

“Huh?”

“The door... you’re standing there like you’re waiting to close it behind me when I leave. I would’ve had the driver wait if I’d known.”

Nick shook his head. “No, I’m not rushing you off, not at all. I thought you were just being nice, not that you’d want to chill. I didn’t think you’d be that comfortable?”

“Comfortable?”

“Yeah. Around me, in my place, alone...”

“Oh.” I glanced around me, taking in his living space. Small, but airy, and neater than Sam’s – or any other man I’d dated – place had ever been. It was minimalist without being sparse, and somehow, felt very... Nick.

Not that I could explain what that meant.

“I think we’re pretty well past being uncomfortable around each other, right?” I asked, raising an eyebrow. “I mean, we’ve been on two dates, you’ve observed me doing my most important work, and you’ve kissed me – with tongue. So...”

He grinned, and pushed the door closed. “I guess you have a point there. Do you want something to drink?”

“I want you to sit down, and I can get my own drink.”

“Not happening. Take a seat,” he told me, gesturing toward the couch before he disappeared into another part of the apartment. Instead of arguing, I took the opportunity to get off my feet, groaning a little as I sank into the blissful comfort of Nick’s couch. I’d talked about him needing to rest, but truthfully, so did I.

It had been a long day, and I was on my feet for quite a bit of it. And as much as I loved interacting with, talking with those women, that didn’t change the reality that it took a toll on me.

I was tired.

And a little bit jealous, when Nick came back into the room in sweats and a tee shirt instead of what he’d worn on our date, carrying two bottles of water.

“Sorry if that took a long time,” he said, gingerly taking a seat beside me. I cringed as pain played over his face, only letting up once he’d sank backwards and propped his feet up on the ottoman. “I’m moving a little slower than I’d like.”

“It’s fine,” I said, then thanked him for the bottle of water he handed me. “Although, I feel like you should’ve stayed in your date clothes too, in solidarity.”

His eyes had only been half-open, but they went wide then. “Shit, my bad. Do you want a tee shirt, or—”

“I’m messing with you,” I told him, putting a hand on his shoulder. “My dress is actually pretty comfortable, but I am going to take the shoes off, if you don’t mind.”

“Not in the slightest.”

I handed him my water, then bent to unstrap my shoes. When I was done, I tucked my feet under me, angling myself in Nick’s direction as he laid his head back on the cushions.

“Is this why you canceled on me? You had a flare up?”

He nodded, but didn’t look at me. “Yeah. The flight, plus the change in the temperature between here and there. I did everything I could to get myself in a condition where I could make it, but it was too much.”

“Why didn’t you just tell me?” I asked, propping my chin on my fist as I leaned into the couch. “I wouldn’t have been upset if I’d known what was going on.”

Nick scoffed. “I haven’t had the best experience with telling women I’m interested in about being sick. Not that it’s something I was going to keep from you forever, but it’s not easy telling someone you have a chronic illness. Especially one like this, where it’s volatile, and I can’t make any guarantees about how I’ll be feeling from day to day.”

“But nobody can do that,” I countered. “Nobody can promise what they’re going to be like from one day to the next, so who would hold that against you, when it’s something you can’t help?”

He laughed. “Uh... anybody who would potentially date you. You gotta understand, Noah... this affects every part of my life, even though I try my best to live fully despite it. There are days I can’t even sit up in bed, let alone take you out for your birthday, you know? I’m lucky I don’t have those occurrences often, but I never know.”

“Why do you sound like you’re warning me?”

“Maybe I am,” he shrugged. “It’s a lot to overlook for somebody you just kinda like, early in a relationship. In my experience nobody wants to deal with it.”

I frowned. “I get it, nobody wants to see someone they care about suffer. And if they can avoid that, I... I guess I understand that, too. But your illness isn’t something to “overlook”. You’d lived your whole life with it – it’s part of the fabric of who you are, but it’s the totality. It’s not even a character flaw. Why get so caught up on this one element that you rule out the possibility of anything?”

Finally, Nick turned his head, pinning me with his gaze. “I don’t know, gorgeous. You’d have to ask them.”

“Screw them,” I said, pushing myself up on my knees to move closer to him. I tried not to put thoughts in other people’s heads, but I could only imagine what he must be thinking, being faced with revealing something that usually drove people off.

He let out a dry chuckle. “Noah, I appreciate you trying to make me feel better, but you don’t have to make it seem like it’s nothing.”

“I’m not making it seem like anything,” I told him, from so close now that I was practically in his lap. “And I’m not trying to diminish your experience. I’m letting you know your condition doesn’t make me any less interested in you.”

His eyebrow went up. “... seriously?”

“Yes,” I laughed. “Seriously. I mean we’ve been on two dates, so we still have some developing to do, but I’d like to do that developing. Get to know each other... see if there’s something here.”

I didn’t say it out loud, but the chemistry and connection I felt around him were too strong to let a little something like a genetic flaw get in the way.

Nick didn’t say anything. He just gave me this sexy, sleepy-eyed stare for several seconds before he lifted his hands to my face, drawing me into him.

His lips were as good as I remembered.

I whimpered a little, melting under the heat of the soft, unhurried kisses he used to prime me up before he slipped his tongue between my lips. I sent thanks up to heaven for the mint I’d popped in my mouth in the car. He devoured my mouth like he was chasing that minty-cool flavor, pulling back to nip and tease my bottom lip before he dove in again.

We stayed like that, trading kisses back and forth until it was obvious Nick was barely staying awake. I asked my way to the bathroom to clean up the lipstick that was all over my chin, and somehow on my nose. When I came back to the couch, he was asleep.

I smiled a little as I leaned over him, using the towel I’d brought to clean my lipstick off his face. I was nearly finished when his eyes opened, and after a moment of looking dazed, he pulled me down onto the couch with him, tucking his arm around me before he promptly fell back asleep.

It happened so quickly I was comfortably nestled against his side before I knew what was happening. But once I realized... I reached for the blanket draped across the couch and pulled it over both of us.

I was going to go with it.





7


#NICK




I couldn’t help looking for signs the novelty had worn off.

Sure, Noah had reacted well to the revelation of my illness, but she wasn’t the first to have a good initial reaction. Not by a long shot. The uneasiness usually settled in once a woman had watched me take handfuls of pills – prescriptions, supplements, the things that helped me be as active as I was – or completely lose steam in the middle of the day one too many times, or once I requested we chill at my place, because I wasn’t in any shape to go out for a date.

Or, the guaranteed potential relationship killer - a trip to the emergency room.

It was especially fun if I needed to be driven.

But Noah... she hadn’t seen enough yet. Or at least, that’s what I told myself to make sense of the profound interest on her face as she watched me dole out my pills for the week. She was perched – legs crossed underneath her – on a barstool at the end of my kitchen counter. Goddess was the word that ran through my head as I looked at her, perfectly balanced atop that stool, thick hair floating around her bare shoulders.

Three weeks.

That’s how long it had been since my “big reveal”, and if anything, Noah seemed more interested. Maybe it was the natural progression after finally having our second date, but experience had me looking sideways at it. Not that I didn’t enjoy our random ongoing text conversations throughout the day, or phone calls that ran late into the night – I looked forward to it.

I was hesitant, I guess, to read too much into it.

Which was hard as hell.

Especially when she did things like call from her hotel at six in the morning to see if I was awake, because in her words, she “couldn’t wait to see me”. The feeling was mutual, and because she was too eager to wait for me to get up, shower, dress, and get to her, she came to me.

And now, she was sitting in my kitchen at six-thirty in the morning, after we hadn’t seen each other in person since the night I told her I was ill.

Really hard not to read into that.

“Your hair is longer,” she said, out of nowhere, as I tossed today’s pills in my mouth, chasing them with a swig of water. “That’s what’s different about you. I’ve been trying to figure it out. Why didn’t you mention that?”

I raised an eyebrow. “I didn’t realize it would interest you.”

“You growing out your hair, growing out your beard, looking all sexy and rugged is of very high interest to me, actually,” she quipped, grinning. “As a matter of fact, I’d like to formally request that as of today you begin sending me a daily picture documenting this process.”

I laughed. “There’s no process. I’ve been too preoccupied to take my ass to the barber. It’ll be gone soon.”

“Why would you do that?” she asked, no longer grinning. Her expression was completely serious. “I feel a little attacked right now.”

Shaking my head, I replaced the pill bottles in the cabinet. “By me cutting my hair?”

“Yes,” she said, from closer than she’d been before. When I turned to grab my weekly dispenser, she was coming around the counter. “As the woman you are in the very early stages of dating, I forbid it.”

“Oh damn, forbid?” I chuckled as she came right up beside me. “What advice would you give a woman who had a man forbidding her to do something with her hair?”

My question was met with a low moan, and Noah slid her arms around my waist, pressing herself into me as I turned to face her. “Oooh. I love it when you point out my internalized sexism.”

“Your ass is silly,” I murmured, meeting her halfway as she pushed herself up on her toes for a kiss. Once again, she tasted like fruit for breakfast – strawberries specifically – which made it only seem natural to deepen the kiss, gripping her at the waist to pull her closer. She moved her hands too, pushing them up and over my chest to hook around my shoulders.

“Seriously,” she said, when we finally pulled back. “Don’t you want to keep this?” Her fingers went to my overgrown facial hair, gently gliding through before she cupped my ears – something she couldn’t have known would make me want to bend her over my kitchen counter.

“I’ll take your feedback under advisement,” I told her, then stepped away to put some space between us. “What do you want to do today? How many days did you say you were here?”

“Today and tomorrow, but I have meetings tomorrow. I’m all yours today though, and I want to do whatever you would normally do.”

I expected her to stop at the door to my bedroom, but she followed me inside, leaning against the wall by the dresser as I flipped on the light to the closet. “Well,” I called from inside as I grabbed some clothes, “I’m guessing you don’t have balls to sit around and scratch with me, so that’s probably out.”

“Nick, eww.”

I chuckled as I stepped out of the closet to find her frowning, arms crossed.

“Just saying. But nah, I would usually be fixing myself some breakfast around this time, but my neglect of my routine extends to the grocery shopping. I was gonna say we could grab something, and go explore the city a bit, but you probably aren’t hungry.”

She sucked her teeth. “Uh, why would you think that? I’m definitely hungry.”

“Oh, I thought you already had breakfast?”

“A couple of strawberries from an airport convenience store fruit bowl. I grabbed it on the way out, but I didn’t want to eat in the Uber, and by the time I got to my hotel room, I was too exhausted to eat, period.”

Shaking my head, I pulled off the tee shirt I’d only put on after my shower this morning because Noah was coming by – answering the door shirtless hadn’t seemed like a good way to put her at ease. “I still don’t know why you wouldn’t let me give you a ride from the airport.”

“Because I knew I’d see you today,” she argued. “And that was a pretty late flight. I didn’t want you having to get all the way across town to chauffeur me, and then having to go all the way back.”

“I wouldn’t have been tripping about that.” Once I had the new shirt pulled on, I stopped to look at her. “But if you haven’t eaten, we should start with breakfast.”

“I like that plan. I’m starving,” she groaned, putting a hand to her bare stomach for dramatic effect. For a second, I’d considered sticking with the basketball shorts I was already wearing, but I couldn’t.

Not with her looking like she was, in skinny jeans that rode low on her hips, and a gauzy crop top that put nicely defined abs on display.

Damn she’s fine.

“Well, let me finish getting dressed, and find some oil or something for this hair so I’m not looking raggedy, then we can go.”

“You do not look raggedy,” she laughed. “But okay.”

I left her in my room and used the bathroom to finish getting ready. When I stepped out after I was done, she was still in there, staring out of the window at the park my apartment overlooked.

“You ready?” I asked, and she glanced back, smiling.

“Yeah. We can go.” She said that, but then halfway across the room, she stopped. “Hey – I know I’ve been super busy this week, leading up to this trip, but what has had you so preoccupied you’ve been skipping haircuts and groceries?”

“You mean besides texting you all day?”

She wrinkled her nose at me. “Yes, besides that.”

Instead of speaking, I flipped open the box on the dresser, pulling out my father’s list. My fingers hesitated for a moment over the slips of paper I was reasonably sure no one – besides my father – except me had ever touched. I pulled them out, turning over to the back of one of the pages, where between the two of us, there was only one item that hadn’t been crossed off.

“Capture the sensually mundane,” she read aloud when I held it out to her, pointing out the item that had been causing me so much grief. “Uh, what does that even mean?”

My shoulders went up. “That’s a good ass question.”

“What do you mean it’s a “good question”? You wrote it, don’t you know the answer?”

“I didn’t, actually.” I grinned at the obvious confusion on her face. “This is my father’s list. He wrote all of this out – things he wanted to do before he died. A lot of these things, he and I did together, but he, uh... we didn’t get to finish. The last thing he crossed off was two years ago.”

Noah’s expression shifted from confused to concerned. “Nick, I didn’t realize it was just two years ago. Two years is nothing.”

“I’m good,” I said, shrugging it off. “I mean, no lie – I miss the hell out of my Pops, but we knew it was coming long enough to kind of mentally prepare, I guess. That was why he wrote the list. And it’s why I’m finishing it.”

“What?!” Noah’s eyes were wide in alarm as she made those last steps across the room to get to me. “Are you...?”

“No,” I told her. “I mean... everybody is, but I didn’t mean that how it came out. My father died from complications of sickle cell. I’m lucky enough that I’ve not had to deal with much of that yet. Or maybe never. The thing is, I don’t know what my body is going to do, so I’m trying to live the best I can, take good care of myself and make sure I finish this list before I can’t.”

Noah pushed out a sigh as I wrapped my arms around her, offering the comfort it seemed like she needed. “Don’t scare me like that.”

“I wasn’t trying to scare you,” I told her, pulling her against me tighter. “But that’s reality for me, living with this condition. You’re going to have to be able to cope with that, if we’re...”

With her face buried in my shirt, she nodded. “I know. It’s just hard to hear.”

“Not easy to say, either.”

She pulled back a little, turning her face up toward mine to meet my eyes. “Thank you, for trusting me enough to share.”

A smile pulled at the corners of my mouth. “Thank you for listening. Now let’s go get some breakfast.”

#

“Wanna know what I’ve been thinking about all day?”

Noah’s eyes were pointed up, toward the pink bougainvillea blossoms spilling from the huge arbors that towered over us. We were in the central garden at the Getty Center, a place she’d insisted on coming after reading an article about the best views in L.A. Now that we’d seen the view, she wanted to do a little exploring around the museum itself.

“Yes, I do,” I told her, hooking an arm around her waist to pull her out of the way of a stampede of kids, all in green tee-shirts, with two tired-looking handlers rushing after them.

“The sensually mundane. I’m trying to work it out.”

“Join the club,” I grinned. “I keep thinking maybe I’m not considering it from the right angle or something. All it usually takes is a tiny spark of an idea for me to run with, but I’m not getting anything from it. And I can’t move on – I have to figure it out.”

She turned to me, and nodded. “Okay, so mundane is like... boring.”

“Right. But when I think sensual, that’s far from boring.”

“Maybe boring isn’t the right connotation. Maybe ordinary. Or normal. Or... everyd—hey, that could be it!” Noah said, suddenly excited. “The sensuality of everyday things. Maybe it’s about finding... I don’t know, some new appreciation of things we’re so used to, we overlook them.”

I nodded. “Hmm... maybe. But I think that’s a little too abstract for my Pops.”

Noah pursed her lips. “That paper said “capture the sensually mundane” and you wanna tell me your father doesn’t deal in the abstract?”

“Nah,” I answered, laughing. “What I mean is like... he used the word sensual. I don’t think he would’ve if he meant appreciation. I feel like he’s referring to beauty, sex, eroticism, etc. I feel like it’s deeper.”

“Okay so, come on with it then,” she challenged. “Everyday sexy. The ordinary, presented as erotic. What’s the first thing that comes to mind?”

“You.”

Blushing, Noah shook her head. “Nick Davison, you do not have to flirt this hard, okay? I already like you.”

“Is it flirting if it’s the truth though?” I asked. “Seriously, you get to be in that skin every damned day. When I think about that, it’s sexy. Maybe I should film you.”

“Yeah, right.”

“I’m serious though, Noah. I think it could work.”

She crossed her arms. “Okay, let’s pretend you’re serious – film me doing what?”

“Being you. Doing every day, ordinary shit. Grocery shopping or something. Noah vacuums. Sensual, mundane.”

For a moment, she didn’t say anything, but then she busted out laughing. “So, am I wearing lingerie while I’m doing this sensual vacuuming, or...?”

“What? Nah,” I chuckled. “You’d be in whatever you usually vacuum in, a tee shirt and leggings, or shorts, I don’t know. And what the hell is sensual vacuuming?”

She was still giggling when she answered. “You tell me, you’re the one who wants to record me doing it!”

“No, the action is mundane. You’re sensual, like your whole vibe or whatever. It’s like the juxtaposition of two opposing ideas, right? Only it’s not a porno, so it doesn’t need to be overt. You, by virtue of being Noah, your simple presence, even in a faded tee shirt and yoga pants, or whatever, brings the sexiness to it.”

Moving until we were close enough to be touching, Noah tipped her head back, looking at me. “You really think that about me?”

“I think you know pretty well what I think about you.”

“I want to hear you say it.”

“Noah, you are—”

“No, stop, you’re gonna make me blush,” she said, giggling as she stepped away, heading down the path.

I caught up to her quickly, lacing my fingers with hers as our palms connected. “Can’t be asking for shit you can’t handle,” I teased, and she bit her lip as she peeked up at me.

“What is that supposed to mean?”

“What do you suppose it means?”

A grin spread across her mouth, and she shook her head. “No comment. What are we doing next? We still have a whole half day.”

“Well, we should probably get out of here, get back over to Inglewood before traffic gets messy. I’m sure we can find something to get into. Grab some dinner somewhere.”

When she didn’t respond to that, I looked up to find her grin had faded. Using my grip on her hand, I gently tugged her toward me to get her attention.

“Hey, what’s up? Something wrong?”

“Not exactly,” she said, then let out a little sigh. “It’s just, I’ve really enjoyed this time with you, and I’m looking forward to the rest of the day too, but this long-distance thing. I don’t know. I already miss you, and I haven’t left yet.”

The distance.

Right.

With my free hand, I scratched my head, trying not to give in to the niggling feeling that maybe the distance was an excuse for whatever the hell she was about to say.

I gave a deep nod. “Okay. I get that, but what are you saying? Are you thinking we should quit while we’re... not ahead?”

“What?!” she stopped walking, which forced me to do the same, unless I wanted to drag her by the hand. “Nick, no. I’m processing out loud, that’s all. I’m internalizing this feeling, getting familiar with it. That’s how I cope.”

I shrugged. “But why cope at all? Not that I don’t want you, but I want you to be happy. And if the distance is gonna have your head messed up...”

“It doesn’t – well, it won’t. Chemistry over proximity. Our world is too expansive for me to believe my only suitable – or even best – potential lover must live on my block. I have a good feeling about this, about me and you. I can handle missing you, if the tradeoff is what I think it’s going to be.”

“And what is that?”

She smiled. “Today is only our third date. I can’t tell you without sounding crazy.”

Noah started moving again to avoid saying more, but she didn’t have to. I didn’t only understand what she meant – it was mutual.

Obviously, neither of us thought we were in love, but there was this underlying sense that if we let it happen, we would find ourselves there. It was a feeling that lent itself to a level of comfort with Noah I couldn’t say I’d experienced with anyone else. People talked about immediately knowing when someone was the one. While I didn’t really ascribe to stuff like that, there was no denying that, unlike any of the women I’d dated in the last few years, I felt like in time, she could be.

It was a bit terrifying.

When I was used to people quickly tapping out when it came to difficulties with my disease, it was easy to not get too attached. This time felt different though.

A smarter man would pull himself back.

Instead, I strengthened my grip on her hand.

“You know what, how about instead of spending time finding a spot to eat, being out, all of that, we chill? I still need food at the house anyway, so we can swing by the grocery store, pick up something we can cook together, some snacks to watch movies, all that. Sound good to you?”

She twisted her lips together, playfully considering it. “Can “all that” include a bottle of wine?”

“If you want it to, yes.”

“Then it sounds perfect.”

#

“I’ll be right back!” I called to a confused-looking Noah as I dropped the last handful of bags onto my kitchen counter, then half-jogged to the bathroom – I had to take a leak.

Once she realized where I was heading, she laughed, then yelled, “I hope you have air freshener!” after me.

I chuckled, then went ahead to handle my business. I was turning the faucet on to wash my hands when the doorbell rang, so whoever it was, they were going to have to wait a second... or so I thought.

I returned to the front of my apartment to find Noah had answered the door, and was now standing, arms crossed, next to another woman, who was looking at Noah like she’d seen a ghost.

“Nick,” Noah said, in a flat tone. “You have a visitor. She brought you a peach cobbler.”

I grinned. “Oh, shit – what did I do to deserve this?” I asked, not giving Noah’s obvious agitation any attention as I approached my “visitor” and wrapped her in a hug.

“It’s because of Payton,” she answered, laughing as she wriggled out of my grasp, while still holding the pan of dessert. “The movie has made him some sort of teenaged heartthrob at school and on social media, and I have little girls knocking on my door for him now. You can decide if you think this peach cobbler is poisoned or not.”

I sucked my teeth. “You know you ain’t poisoned a perfectly good pan of deliciousness Jamie, stop playing.” I finally turned to Noah, who was trying her best to keep that pleasantly plastic smile on her face. “Noah, this is my sister, Jamie. Jamie, this is—”

“Noah Houston,” Jamie finished for me, shoving the cobbler into my hands so she could shake Noah’s. “I know exactly who she is, I just didn’t... I didn’t expect to find her on the other side of your front door. You said the kiss thing was no big deal, and you’d probably never see her again!”

Noah’s eyebrows went somewhere near her hairline as she stepped back, shoving her hands into the back pockets of her jeans. “Oh? Nick didn’t tell you about us?”

“I didn’t know if there was going to be an us for there to be anything to tell,” I quickly chimed in, before Jamie could say anything.

My answer did not make things better.

“Was that before, or after you flew to my city and showed up at my office with flowers, or I spent the night in your arms on that couch right there, or flew to LA a whole day early before business, so I could spend some time with you?” There was no bite to her voice, no attitude. She seemed calm... which I didn’t take as a good sign.

“Oh, shit,” Jamie muttered under her breath, and I quickly tucked the cobbler under one arm so I could take Noah’s hand.

“I will explain later, okay? Don’t overthink it, please,” I said quietly, which didn’t seem to be the right thing either, based on the way Noah cut her eyes away.

“If it helps,” Jamie said, as she prepared to say something I was certain wouldn’t help, because she was nervous now. “Nick never tells anybody about a woman until he really, really likes them.”

“Oh,” Noah laughed – she didn’t think anything was funny – there was no way she thought anything was funny. “Well, that clears it up. Um, I left my phone in the kitchen, so I’m gonna go get it.”

She turned and took off, and as soon as she was out of earshot, I looked at Jamie, whose face was stuck in a grimace. “I don’t know why I said that. I know you really like her. She wouldn’t be here if you didn’t like her. I just... I froze, or something.”

“You didn’t freeze – at least, your mouth didn’t.”

“I’m sorry, but she’s friggin NoahKnows, in your house! A woman, in your house! I didn’t even know you were dating anybody, let alone her of all people, and she’s—”

“In my house,” I said, dryly. “Yes, Jamie, I’m aware. Why are you acting so...”?

“Surprised? Because I am,” she said. “Duh. You don’t have people over here willy nilly, that’s not your style. And you flew to see her? She flew to see you? That’s a big deal, and I am so mad you didn’t tell me. Nick... she’s important to you, isn’t she?”

“It’s not... like that yet.”

A grin spread over Jamie’s mouth. “But... it is like that, isn’t it?”

“Jamie...”

“What? It’s all over your face, you’re looking like Payton does about that little Tatia girl. And she’s pissed at him right now, like Noah is pissed at you. Like uncle, like nephew.”

I scoffed. “Yeah, thanks for that, sis.”

“You should’ve told me about her. You used to tell me about all those other raggedies, why didn’t you tell me about her?”

“Because it’s too soon,” I explained. “I don’t... I don’t even know if she’s going to be around like that, to be introducing to family. Regardless of how much I might like her.”

The indignation slipped from Jamie’s face. “You told her about the SCD?”

“Yeah. A few weeks ago.”

Jamie frowned. “Okay, so then what’s the problem? She knows, and she’s still here. Where is your usual optimism?”

“I can’t let optimism get in the way of common sense, have me sitting around somewhere like a punk cause I got my little feelings hurt. It’s not a shot against her, but... experience is the best teacher.”

“That’s a horrible fucking cliché in this situation, and you know it. Every black man I dated before I met Brandon was a fuckboy. What, should I have learned from experience too? Decided that all of you weren’t worth a damn?”

I scowled, shaking my head. “That’s not the same thing.”

“It is exactly the same thing. No, obviously, you shouldn’t be stupid about love and relationships, but come the hell on. Experience is only the best teacher if you’re using it to learn what behaviors not to accept, honing your preferences – not using it as an excuse to let the good ones pass you by.”

“Are you done, Jamie?”

Instead of answering, Jamie looked past me. I followed her gaze to where Noah was standing in the doorway to the kitchen.

“Um, I don’t mean to interrupt, I just wanted to let you know I put those groceries away, and ordered an Uber. I’m tired. Gonna head back to my hotel.”

Jamie turned back to me. “Yes. I’m done. You have a fire to put out. I’ll see you later. Nice to meet you Noah,” she said, and then she left, bouncing out the door like she hadn’t dropped a bomb on our perfect day.

Noah moved from the kitchen doorway to the living room, going back and forth between peeking through the slightly open blinds and checking her phone.

“You’re seriously about to leave?” I asked her, cupping her elbow to get her to turn and face me. “We can’t talk about this?”

She shrugged. “Talk about what?”

“You’re obviously pissed, Noah.”

“No.” she shook her head. “Not pissed – hurt. And it is way too early into whatever this is for me to be feeling hurt, or missing you, or to be so damned comfortable around you. Right now, all signs are pointing toward me needing to check myself. So that’s what I’m going to do. Take a moment to get my head together.”

“Or you can tell me what’s going on. How did I hurt you? What did I do?”

She raised her hands. “What? No. You didn’t do anything. But, I rearranged my whole schedule, paid to change to my plane ticket, paid for an extra night at my hotel, all so I could spend a day with you. Only to find out you didn’t think enough of me to even mention to your sister. We’ve been talking for a month, Nick. I’m not expecting an invite to the family reunion or anything, but damn. That didn’t feel good to hear.”

“I get that,” I told her, finally putting that damn peach cobbler down on the table beside the door so I could grab her hands. “But, I need you to not take that personally, please. I don’t tell my people about anybody anymore unless I’m sure they’re going to be around.”

“And that is fine, Nick. I’m not suggesting it isn’t. But it doesn’t feel good. And really... you know, it’s not even that you hadn’t told her,” she said, slipping her hands away from mine. You said you didn’t know if there was “us” to tell anybody about. I’m in goddamn LA right now, for you. I could’ve requested to have this meeting at home, and I didn’t. Because I wanted to see you. And you don’t even know if there’s an us.”

I scoffed. “Seriously? Like you said – it’s been a month. Is there an “us”?”

Noah drew her head back a little as her lips parted, and then she gave a slight nod. “Oh. I guess... maybe not. My bad.”

“Don’t do that...”

“Don’t do what? I’m not doing anything except considering your position, and I think you may be right. I don’t believe we’re on the same page, and my Uber is here anyway, which is perfect timing. It was nice seeing you again.”

“Noah, wait a minute,” I said, taking her free hand before she could reach for the doorknob. “Why are you shutting down on me?”

She let out a frustrated sigh. “Because we are very obviously turned up to different temperatures. Hot, and cold. When I’m open with someone, I’m there, I’m present, I’m not secretive about how I feel. Maybe that doesn’t work for you – which is fine.”

I shook my head. “It’s not that it doesn’t work for me.”

“Isn’t it, though? I feel stupid right now, because I thought maybe we were on some “this is the person I’ve been waiting for” kind of path, and you’re on a “oh, Noah? She’s cool” kind of path.”

“That is about the furthest thing from the truth,” I told her, then scowled at the window as a horn honked outside. “Cancel the ride. I’ll pay you back the fees.”

“Why would I do that, Nick? If you think I’m about to let you see me cry, you are very wrong.”

I let go of her hands to cup her face. “I don’t want you crying at all,” I said, trying to ignore the obvious gloss of tears already forming in her eyes. “I don’t know how the hell this day went so far left, but I promise you, I want you here.”

“That is antithetical to how I feel right now.”

“Then tell me what to do to change that.”

She let out a dry laugh as the horn sounded again. “Nick, I can’t make you like me as much as I like you.”

“But what if I already do?”

“Based on how this conversation has gone, that is highly unlikely.”

“But not impossible. What if I feel like I like you too much too? So I try to not like you so much, so if you decide to back out, it won’t be as bad as if I were all in?”

Noah blinked. “That’s what’s happened before?”

“That’s what’s happened a lot.”

“And you feel like I’m going to do that too?”

“I feel like I don’t know.”

“Then ask,” she insisted, pulling away from my hands. “You could’ve asked me, Nick. I’m capable of making an informed decision, and I have. If you think I didn’t google the hell out of sickle cell disease, you are very much mistaken. And maybe you haven’t, because you’re living it, but if you ever decided to, you would find a whole world of people with SCD who have found someone to live very happy lives with. I understand the potential complications, and I understand what being with you might mean. What you need to understand is you shouldn’t let those possibilities keep you away from... other ones. With me.”

“What if I have a crisis episode and have to spend a week in the hospital? What if it happens in the middle of sex? What if I have a stroke?”

She shrugged. “What if we break up after two months because you don’t like my perfume? At four months because you flirt too much? At eight months because I got drunk and let an ex feel me up? At two years because you cursed my grandmother out and I had to choose, and I chose her?”

“Those are specific.”

“Because they all happened,” she laughed. “But... seriously, Nick. We can sit here and play “what if” all night, right? But it’s not going to change the fact that there are risks in every relationship. You think I don’t have any fears? What if you break my heart? What if you cheat, what if you make me look stupid? What if you’re secretly married, like the last guy? What if you leave? I have those little fears too, but I’m not going to let them stand in the way of something that could be amazing. Are you?”

She kept those pretty brown eyes aimed at me, waiting on me to answer. As much as I did want to cling to those doubts, her argument was too compelling for me to do anything except shake my head, and urge her to unlock her phone as the horn outside sounded again.

“Cancel that ride. You’re staying here.”





8.


#NOAH




“Just think about it, Noah. We don’t need an answer immediately, but think about it. Our audience would be lucky to have you.”

There was always more to meetings like this than what met the eyes. My talk with Glow magazine was supposed to be about speaking on a panel at their annual festival next year, and yes... we’d discussed that. The contracts had already been reviewed, and approved, so I signed, shook hands, and expected to be on my way.

But then the room cleared, and I found myself alone with Rose Golden – her real, government name – owner and founder of Glow magazine, and Cameron Taylor’s good friend.

She didn’t bother with small talk.

Apparently, they were getting ready to re-brand the magazine. Glow was becoming Glow Up, a change they – correctly, in my opinion – thought would give them more appeal to a millennial audience. The official launch of the new brand would happen next summer, at the festival.

The one I’d be speaking at.

So, what better time to announce me as the fresh, new face of the magazine?

“I... I am incredibly flattered by the offer,” I told her, stammering over my words. There had been no rumors, no whispers about anything like this, so the news really did catch me off guard. “But, as you know, I’m still head beauty editor at Sugar&Spice. Not only did I work hard for that position, but I greatly value that I get to work so closely with Cameron Taylor. I don’t want to lose that, or risk Cam feeling as if I’ve betrayed her.”

Rose nodded. “Understandably so, of course. You should talk to Cameron about this – I think she would agree that this is a growth opportunity for you. Cameron is a fabulous woman, and S&S is a fabulous magazine, but your talent is underutilized with that brand. Yes, you have some measure of control as beauty editor, but let’s be real, Noah... you don’t want to talk about makeup, hair, or clothes, at least not as much as you currently do. You want these women drinking plenty of water, dropping dead weight partners, and falling in love with themselves. You are the embodiment of everything we want Glow Up to be about.”

“It sounds amazing, Rose. But...”

“Just think about it, Noah. We don’t need an answer immediately, but think about it. Our audience would be lucky to have you.”

Two hours after that conversation, my head was still swimming. It was a genuinely amazing prospect for my career, something I would be stupid to overlook. I’d done a ton of growing and blossoming while working for Cameron, but Rose was right... I was tired of talking hair and makeup for the magazine. I lived for things like the Feeling Yourself forums, but the work I did for the actual job... I didn’t hate it, but it certainly didn’t hold the spark it used to.

Glow Up could bring me a fresh start.

Not to mention... it would mean moving to LA.

I pushed out a sigh as I fell back onto the pillows in my hotel room bed. The only reason I was even thinking about LA was because of Nick, and that was... premature. With the way things had suddenly changed yesterday, I wasn’t entirely sure how that was going to go.

I never bought into the “just go with it”, “situationship” thing that seemed to be so prevalent among my generation. You could have different levels of commitment, sure, but I wasn’t one to be left wondering where I stood. If two people were just sleeping together, fine. If someone was looking for a spouse, fine. But talk about it. Let the other person know where you stand, so they can decide for themselves if they want to stand with you.

The last place I wanted to find myself was out here with my heart on my sleeves for another man who didn’t deserve it.

That was the thing with Nick though... it wasn’t that I felt he didn’t deserve it. I wondered if he felt like he didn’t deserve it, or like it would never happen for him, based on what he’d experienced before. Even with him being pretty evolved, I was sure he’d never articulate that to me, even if it was the case. But reading between the lines, it was clear.

It just seemed unfair.

We – women – did it all the time , so it wasn’t like I didn’t understand. Protecting your heart was smart, and necessary, especially in the early stages of dating, when it could be hard to discern someone’s intentions. And I could only imagine how many times Nick had opened himself to someone only to have them tap out when they found out about his illness.

I hated to even think it, but they were doing the right thing for themselves.

I was an advocate for women to be selfish with their energy, and... taking on a relationship with someone with a chronic illness took a lot of it. If they felt they didn’t have the bandwidth for it, it was better to step away while the break could be clean, before feelings got too deeply involved. Women bore the physical and emotional load in imbalanced, inequitable relationships way too often for me to think ill of those who exercised their choice not to, when presented with it up front.

But.

It was really, really messed up for Nick.

His parents had, luckily, been able to afford excellent healthcare for him, something I knew from one of the many conversations we’d had. Early detection, preventative treatments, and diligent care had all lent themselves to a situation where Nick had been able to avoid the more serious complications of his illness. While it could be unpredictable, everything I’d read – and I’d read a lot – suggested that was unlikely to suddenly change. Of course, the normal effects of aging were something to take into consideration, but we were still young.

They were discounting him because of things that sounded scary, but in his specific situation, weren’t very likely to happen.

But ultimately, what it came down to was... none of it scared me enough to overlook the possibility of what we could be. Maybe some of it was my grandmother’s lessons coming out, too. I vividly remembered her telling me not to hold the things people couldn’t help against them, and I tried to be conscious of that.

Nick wasn’t about to become the exception.

The only problem was... just because I liked him enough that I didn’t care about his illness, didn’t mean he liked me enough for it to matter.

My phone buzzed on the bedside table, and I sat up to grab it, smiling as soon as I saw the name on the screen.

I must have thought him up.

“Do you have time for me to see you again before you leave? - Nick”

Hmm.

That... wasn’t what I’d expected to see.

After he’d convinced me to stay yesterday, we’d never fallen back into the comfortable vibe from the early part of the day. We did the cooking, ate, and all of that. It was fine, but it wasn’t... like before. I went back to my hotel after dinner, and we hadn’t communicated since. I knew he would at least send me “safe flight” wishes, and was honestly what I’d expected this text to be.

“My flight is a late one, 11:15pm. I need to be at the airport by nine.”

It was approaching five now, and I still needed to re-pack my bag, and find something to eat before I scheduled my ride.

“If you bring your stuff with you, I can take you to the airport after... - Nick.”

I started to type out, “Why do you even want me there?”, then decided against it. Either I was going, or I wasn’t, but I wasn’t about to devolve into pettiness when it was unnecessary.

Do I want to see him or not?

“Give me an hour.”

#

“You look beautiful.”

I offered a quick smile, and a thank you to Nick as he took the suitcase from my hand and ushered me into his apartment. As soon as I crossed the threshold, the aroma of something good hit my nose.

“I hope you’re hungry,” he said, leaving my bag in the living room as he grabbed my hand, leading me into his kitchen. The lights were dimmed, an R&B mix was playing in the background, and candles were lit on the table, where places were set – beside each other – for two.

“What is this?” I asked, turning to him.

“Well, last night ended on a bit of an awkward note, and I didn’t want you to go home with the wrong impression. I like you a lot, Noah. A lot. I want to make sure that’s clear,” he finished, with his thumb absently stroking my palm. “Because I’m not sure it is.”

“It was,” I told him. “But then it wasn’t.”

“I know. I know. That’s what I’m trying to fix. I want to leave you with a memory of this trip that makes it clear I want to continue seeing you. That I want you.”

I nodded, but refused to let a smile creep onto my lips, or get ahead of myself again. “This is a good start.”

I let him lead me to my place and push my chair in, and then waited until he was seated too to take a sip from the glass of water that was waiting for me.

“So, how’d your meeting go, with Glow Magazine?” he asked, passing me a bowl of salad.

“It went well. Really well. I signed my contract, and next summer I will be the keynote speaker at the festival.”

“Oh damn, keynote?”

“Yep,” I said, returning the salad after he’d served delicious smelling grilled chicken and a baked potato onto my plate. “It’ll be the biggest thing I’ve ever done, which is a little scary, but also pretty exciting.”

“Glow Festival is huge. Has traffic fucked up around here for damn near a week. So, I get it. What are you going to talk about?”

“Um, I don’t have a title yet, but it’s going to be about being good to yourself. We tend to spend a lot of time on how to be good to other people, forgiving them, moving past their mistakes, all of that. But we don’t often give ourselves that same grace, and I want to address it.”

Nick sat back in his chair after putting a little tray of toppings for the potatoes in front of me. “You know... I’ve never thought about that, but it’s true. Being your own worst critic, all of that.”

“Right.”

For a moment, I considered telling him about the job offer, but quickly decided against it. I didn’t need him thinking he might factor into the decision, for more than one reason.

“What did you do today?” I asked, changing the subject.

Nick shrugged. “Not too much. Spent a bunch of time thinking through this new film project.”

“The sensually mundane thing?”

“Mmhm,” he mumbled, then swallowed his food. “Been bouncing it around in my head.”

“Am I still supposed to be the starring attraction? Is that why you’re keeping me around?”

His eyes went big. “What? No,” he insisted, and I shook my head.

“Nick, I don’t think that. I’m kidding.”

“Good,” he chuckled. “The last thing I need is you thinking that on top of whatever else, from yesterday.”

I stopped with my fork halfway to my mouth and put it down, letting out a sigh. “Nick, I don’t want you feeling like you have to walk on eggshells with me. That’s not a good place to start from.”

He shook his head. “Nah, it’s not that. I want you feeling comfortable and secure. I don’t want there to be a misunderstanding.”

“And I don’t want you feeling like you have to go above and beyond, with constant affirmations. Yes, we had an uncomfortable moment, yesterday. But if you say you want to do this, I’m taking you at your word, and letting your actions back that up.”

Nick smirked. “Why does that sound like a challenge?”

I shrugged. “You can take it however you want. Maybe you’re not up to it, I don’t know.”

“Oh, I’m definitely up to the challenge,” he shot back, in a cocky tone that made me smile. “I’m making sure you know I recognize it.”

“Okay. We’ll see.”

“We sure will.”

After that, we ate, and conversation flowed a little easier. A lot easier than it had before. We talked about everything from my wanting a puppy, to worst first dates, to him admitting to accidentally eating a huge spoonful of cottage cheese as a kid because he thought it was marshmallows.

By the time we finished eating, and stood to take our dishes to the sink, I was back to the feeling from the morning before. I didn’t even know how to explain it, it was just... warm.

And perfect.

“So, hey – you never finished telling me about your idea for the film,” I said, turning in his direction after I’d finished double-checking to make sure I’d left the table clean. He was drying the last of our dinner dishes – I’d insisted he let me help.

“Oh, shit, I didn’t. We ended up distracted.”

I laughed. “Yeah, a little.”

He dried his hands and then approached me, scratching his head. “Okay... what do you do when you get home every day?”

“Uh... use the bathroom and take a nap?”

Nick laughed. “Nah, like... as soon as you walk in. The small things.”

“Oh! Well... I put my keys in the bowl by the door. Hang up my jacket or coat if I wore one. Take out my ponytail if it’s too tight. Take off my bra. Check my phone. Normal stuff.”

“Right. Normal. Mundane. And I’m guessing after that, you fix yourself a glass of wine, or grab a bottle of water. Take a shower, or a bath. Tie up your hair, clean your apartment. Light candles and read a book. Masturbate. Play on your phone. Watch TV. Live-tweet. All of that.”

I raised an eyebrow. “I like how you made sure masturbate wasn’t the last thing on that list. Why do you I assume I do such a thing?”

“Why in the hell would I assume you don’t?” he asked, stepping in closer. “If I looked like you, I’d play with myself every damn day.”

“Who says I don’t?”

He bit his lip, then chuckled. “Now see, that’s the type of thing... sensually mundane.”

“Okay... I follow. But... am I hearing you say you want to film me making myself come?”

“No,” he said, immediately. “Well... not only that. All of it. The different ways you come home every day – like, a week of days. I’m going to break it all down into like, half-second clips and split it all together, so it’s like... we see a progression of you coming through the door, right? But every movement is from a different clip, so it keeps the mind engaged, searching for the connections... searching for a label on the wine bottle, for the title of a book... for a hint of skin. I’m not sure I’m explaining it well out loud, but it’s clear as hell – and dope as hell – in my head.”

I nodded. “Actually, I think I follow you. And... it does sound dope. Really dope.”

“So...?”

I smiled. “So, what?”

“So, are you down? It’ll all be tasteful, I swear. You’ll see it before anybody else does, and if you’re not comfortable with it, no one ever will,” he assured, taking my hand in his.

“Well, your argument does sound pretty compelling, but I have a question... what’s in it for me?” I grabbed a handful of his shirt, tugging until he stepped forward, which put him right against me.

He moved his hands to my waist, fingers digging into the soft fabric of my tank dress. “Endless gratitude for your contribution to the arts.”

“Uh huh. What else?” I grinned as he walked me backward, until the smooth, thick wood of his kitchen table hit the backs of my thighs.

He dipped his head, brushing my mouth with his before he went lower, to my collarbone, then back up to my neck. “What else do you have in mind, gorgeous?”

Before I could answer that, he kissed me. One hand at my waist, the other buried in my hair as he devoured my mouth in a way he hadn’t before. I groaned, draping my hands over his wide shoulders as his tongue dipped and explored in my mouth, tasting and savoring me. Or at least, that’s how it felt.

He kissed me until we were both out of breath, and when he finally pulled back, I nodded. “I’ll accept as many more of those as you’re willing to give,” I breathed, and Nick chuckled, giving me just enough time for a good inhale before he was on me again, and I was all into it. Maybe too into it, trailing my fingers through his newly thickened facial hair, running my hands over his chest, purposely pressing myself closer to him. But I wanted... more. He groaned into my mouth, obviously enjoying it when I slipped my hands underneath his shirt, pressing my nails into to the bare skin of his back.

And since he enjoyed that, there was no question in my mind as I moved my hands to the front, outlining the definition in his stomach before I slipped lower, that he would enjoy—

“Whoa,” he said, grabbing my wrist to remove my hand from his shorts. “Noah... that’s not a good idea.”

“Why not?” I asked, wrapping a handful of his tee shirt around my fist again. “I haven’t been touched in months, and we have at least thirty minutes before I need to leave for the airport.”

He chuckled, then released my wrist to prop his hands on either side of me on the table. “We can’t. Not until you’ve been tested.”

“Oh. Nick, I get regular STD screenings, and I am completely clear of everything. I keep records, and I can show you.”

“I’m glad to hear that,” he said. “And STD tests are part of my monthly health screenings with my doctor, so I can show you the same thing. But... that’s not what I’m talking about.”

My eyebrow lifted. “Oh?”

He took a deep breath, and then brought his gaze to mine. “Noah... I can’t take any chances with the possibility of passing full blown sickle cell disease down to a child. It’s genetic. My father had the disease, my mother didn’t, but she had the trait, so I have the disease. If you have the trait, then that means biological children are out of the equation for us. Now, I know you’re probably thinking, “who said anything about kids”, and I know we’re not even close to a step like that. But... shit happens, even with protection. I don’t want to take any chances. I hope that doesn’t upset you.”

“Upset me?!” I said, louder than intended, and then shook my head. “No, not at all. I... I appreciate it that you’re so conscious of it, and I have no problem with getting tested, if it eases your mind. But... what does it mean for us if... I do have it?”

He leaned in close again, brushing my lips with his. “That is a bridge we’ll cross if we come to it. Okay?”

“Okay,” I nodded. “I want you to know, this says lot to me about the kind of man you are. But it does not help my horny situation,” I giggled, but Nick’s expression grew serious.

“Nobody said I have to send you home with an unfulfilled appetite, gorgeous.”

I barely had time to let out a little shriek before Nick’s hands gripped me under my ass, using the hold on my thighs to pick me up. He sat me down on the end of the heavy table and then stepped between my legs, using one hand to pull me flush against him, and the other to tip up my chin before his mouth crashed down to mine.

He didn’t stay there long, choosing instead to drop his mouth to my neck, sucking and biting until I whimpered. My mouth fell open, offering nonsensical sounds as he connected to a spot underneath my jaw that seemed to have a direct connection between my legs. His hand moved, sliding between my thighs, slipping my panties to the side.

He brought his lips back to mine, swallowing my moan with a kiss. I rolled my hips, rocking into the rhythm he was creating with his fingers. When he moved his mouth back to my neck, my loud whimpers of pleasure filled the kitchen, drowning out the music that was still playing.

“Wha-wait. No!” I said, voicing my disapproval when he took his hand away, and pulled back. My frustration was short-lived though, because he easily snatch my dress over my head, then made equally quick work of ridding me of my bra and panties, leaving me completely nude on top of his kitchen table.

He took a step away like he was trying to get a better view, and I leaned back on my hands, giving him one.

“How are you this damn beautiful?” he asked, and I smiled.

“Blessed, I guess.”

He grinned as he approached me again, grabbing the back of one of the chairs to pull with him. He put that chair right in front of me, right between my legs, and then sat down, looking me right in the eyes.

“I absolutely agree.”

He pulled his lip between his teeth as his eyes raked over my body again, and then raised his hands to cup my breasts. His hands were big enough – and I was small enough there – that he completely covered me, cupping and squeezing before he raised up from his seat enough to cover one nipple with his mouth while he pulled the other between his fingers.

“Ahhhh,” I whimpered, at the feeling of his teeth grazing and pulling at my nipples, sending a shockwave of pleasure through me. He pulled back, eyes wide with alarm.

“Too rough?”

“What? No.” My hands went to his head, bringing him back, and he chuckled before he sucked hard, then switched sides, giving both breasts attention, back and forth, until my nipples were hard as rocks. He kissed me... everywhere. My areolas, on the sides, the little creases underneath, then down my stomach, down my pelvis, until he was back in his seat. His gaze locked on, from the look on his face, what he surely considered to be treasure between my legs.

“Mmmm,” I said, unable to help making a sound of pleasure when all he did was hook his arm around my thigh.

He looked up at me, smirked, then kissed a line from my knee to the juncture of my thighs, where he stopped and took a deep inhale, letting out a long, satisfied groan afterward. “You smell like exactly what I’m about to treat you like,” he told me, with a lazy, lusty grin I couldn’t help returning, because I knew exactly what he meant.

Dessert.

My mouth watered as he lowered his head, already craving what I knew was coming. He kissed the insides of my thighs, the soft folds of my labia, even the curve of my ass. Everything except what I needed him to kiss.

“Nick,” I whimpered, when he kissed me just above my clit, leaving behind the tantalizing heat of his contact.

“What’s up? Is this what you want?” he asked, flicking his tongue over me in a barely-there trace that made me shudder.

“Stop teasing, plea—mmmmm...” My appeal turned into a grateful whine as he licked me hard, then closed his mouth over my sex, slurping at me with his tongue. I dug my fingers into his thick hair as he went lower, dipping his tongue into me and then coming back, licking and kissing his way over my slick flesh.

I was so, so wet, and that seemed to spur Nick on. He licked, sucked, slurped, and kissed until my thighs were shaking and the bottom half of his face was covered in my juices, and then he went back for more, growling under his breath about how I “tasted so fucking good”.

Nick did this like he was hungry for me, putting his tongue in places that felt too good for me to be shamed or shocked about it. I did my best to keep my legs open as I gripped his hair, and then his ears, keeping his face buried between my thighs.

From the greedy sounds coming from him, I was pretty sure he was enjoying himself.

He had me so far gone I was screaming his name even before the white-hot coil of pleasure in my core built into an orgasm. But then it imploded, sweeping me in a wave of bliss so strong I collapsed backward on the table, thighs locked around his head as tremors rushed through me.

Vaguely, I felt him maneuver out of my leg lock, but I couldn’t open my eyes. Or move anything else, for that matter. After a moment, I felt him come back, and there was a warm towel between my legs for a bit before it was gone.

When I opened my eyes, he was standing over me, wearing the sexiest, cockiest grin.

“Come on,” he said, holding up my dress. “I don’t want you mad at me because you missed your flight.”





9


#NICK




So.

I missed her.

I hated I had to hear her voice through a speaker, hated she wasn’t close enough to touch, hated relying on a screen to show me her beautiful face. But if distance was the trade-off for the privilege of access to everything that encompassed Noah... I still came out on top. So, I tried not to complain.

Mostly.

“You wanted this, remember?” my homeboy Savion asked, chuckling as he stirred the sizzling pan of onions in front of him. He knew I had the camera focused on what he was doing, not his face, so he apparently felt free to talk shit. “Hopped your happy ass on a plane for a girl whose last name you barely knew, showing up at her events and shit, begging for a chance. What the hell got into you?”

I gave the slightest shake of my head, focused on keeping the camera steady as I panned away from the skillet to capture the counter, and then – for now – an out-of-focus shot of the cookbook that laid open beside him before I ended the shot.

I didn’t know what had gotten into me. It was like I’d seen something I wanted – Noah – and focused solely on getting it. But once I had her, all the doubts and negative possibilities I’d put on ice came rushing to the forefront, ready to infect that good vibe I’d been on since I first laid eyes on her in the airport, wiping coffee off my fingers.

It had infected that good vibe.

But, with Noah being who she was, there hadn’t been time for it to fester. She pushed the people in her audience to demand communication, encouraged emotional integrity, all of that. She wasn’t just talking it – she lived it, which only contributed to the high value I’d given her in my mind. I’d never have to wonder with Noah, and that was priceless.

“I think that’s it for you,” I told Savion, putting the camera down. “Everything else is product shots, since we already got some stuff of you in action, cooking, using the book, talking about the book, all that.”

He nodded, taking the skillet off the fire before coming around the counter to dap me up. “Thank you again for doing this, Nick. Don’t hurt me too bad with the invoice though,” he laughed, and I joined him.

“Nah, you know me. It’ll be light work for you, superstar. You’re the one all on TV and shit, don’t tell me you not rich, dude.”

Savion dropped onto a bar stool, shaking his head. “I am definitely not that,” he chuckled. “Hell, with the way the network is acting, my ass might not be on TV anymore either.”

“They’re still tripping about the book?”

“They are still tripping about the book.”

As celebrity chefs went, Sav was an up-and-comer, but because of our internet-obsessed generation, his social media capital was through the roof. Hell, social media was how he’d gotten on Savor network anyway, after several videos of him cooking shirtless – but in an apron – had gone viral.

Videos I shot for him.

They weren’t exactly my favorite thing to do, but I’d known Savion since we were kids. He’d kicked ass on the playground for me when I wasn’t healthy enough to do it myself, helped me across the stage at our high school graduation, all kinds of shit I could never replay.

If he wanted to corner the market on half-naked cooking, knowing women would go wild for it, then dammit that’s what we were gonna do.

And... it worked.

Those videos – beautifully filmed masterpieces they were – got attention at Savor, a subsidiary of the WAWG network, which was kind of a staple in the Black community. Or... used to be. Lately, they’d been on some bullshit that wasn’t limited to Savor. There were rumors of a sale happening, and I almost hoped it was true. As long as it didn’t go the way of so many other historically Black companies, and instead ended up in hands that would restore the former glory.

When Savion decided to do his cookbook, he hadn’t wanted Savor’s hands anywhere near it. And because of the shitty first contract they’d put him on, not wanting to take too much of a risk on a “social media” star, he wasn’t obligated to give it to them.

Of course though, once they found out about it, they wanted to claim ownership they didn’t rightfully have. All Sav had to do was retain fancy lawyers – no meeting ever took place, just the threat of one – and the network backed off, but banned him from even mentioning the cookbook on the network, at any official events, nothing like that.

But that was fine – we’d made it happen before, we could make it happen again.

And now, he could keep his shirt on.

“Anyway – when are you going to bring your girl around?” Sav asked, using a towel from the counter to wipe his hands. “She has your ass in the house on the phone all the time, you can’t even come grab a basket of wings no more, what’s up? You can’t bring her around your homeboys, scared me or Parker gonna take her from you?”

I scoffed. “Neither of you muhfuckas got that kinda swag, relax,” I said, laughing. “But nah, when she’s here... ain’t nobody trying to be around y’all. I want her to myself.”

Really, it had only been two weeks since Noah’s trip to L.A. – the one where we’d come to an understanding. Sav wasn’t lying on me – in that two weeks I’d been hard to pin down, between constant running communication with Noah and fleshing out the idea for my next film.

It had been a great two weeks though.

“I can’t even say I blame you, man. You’ve got the right idea – get one good one and settle in. You’ve always been on that though.”

I shrugged. “Haven’t had a choice. It takes a good one, with what I have going. But why you getting all corny and shit? Julie must have snapped on your ass again?”

The way he slumped to the counter, laying his head down, was plenty of answer. “Never start fucking a coworker bruh. Not. Never.”

“I told you,” I snickered. “What’s going on this time?”

Sav sat up. “Dude – this girl pitched a fucking show to the network. A show with me and her. As a “couple”. We ain’t ever discussed any shit like that,” he insisted, emphasizing his words by slapping a hand over his fist. “Bruh, Julie makes fucking.... Spam and hash brown casseroles on her show! Her specialty she’s known for is a fucking “twenty-minute cake mix alteration”. I don’t even feel comfortable calling that stuff food, and she thinks I’m going to cook with her?”

“Hold up, just cause you’re baby G. Garvin, Black Bobby Flay, whatever, she gotta be fancy too? She can’t cook like her big Mama cooked?”

“Ain’t nobody’s big mama cooking that shit Nick!” Sav exclaimed, his tone legitimately offended by the suggestion. “I’m not about to be out here looking foolish with somebody that can’t cook. Julie – can’t cook.”

“Then why do you keep dealing with her?”

“Have you seen her? She’s fine as hell. Her skin, man... perfect brown sugar, all over.”

I chuckled. “Aiight... gone let that “perfect brown sugar” put you in a situation you don’t wanna be in.”

“Already did, which brings me back to – never start fucking a coworker. Shit is hella awkward now that I broke it off.”

“You’re not serious about that shit, man,” I said, waving him off, but he shook his head.

“Nah. As serious as you are about Noah? That’s how serious I am about deading this Julie thing.”

“Oh. Damn. You’re... serious then.”

“Yeah. But, back to the damn point – when are you bringing her through?”

I looked up from packing my camera bag. “I tell you what, next time she’s out here, if she’s feeling it... I’ll make it happen.”

““Next time”? That’s it? Y’all don’t have a plan?”

“It’s not exactly a hop, skip, and a jump. But, we do have a plan – I need to be at the airport in like an hour. I’ll catch you later bruh.”

I slapped hands with Sav in parting, and then took out my phone to check as I headed to my car. I tried not to grin when I saw Noah had texted me, but we were still in that part of things where she made me giddy – a feeling my father claimed persisted when it was the right woman.

“You made it to the airport? – Noah.”

“Please don’t miss your plane. – Noah.”

“OMG WHERE ARE YOU? DO NOT MISS YOUR FLIGHT!!! – Noah”

Shaking my head, I opted not to text her back, choosing instead to simply use my car’s Bluetooth system to call.

“You don’t sound like you’re at the airport,” she said, in lieu of hello, as soon as the call connected. “Why aren’t you at the airport?”

I laughed. “If your ass doesn’t relax... chill. I’m on the way. I just left my homeboy’s spot doing him a favor, but my bags and stuff are already with me. I’m going to be there.”

“I miss your face,” she said, in a low, sultry voice that reminded me of when I’d made a meal of her on my kitchen table.

Good memories...

“I miss your face too, gorgeous. But I’ll get to kiss it in person in a few hours. Be patient.”

“I don’t wanna be patient,” she whined, and an easy visual of her pouting played in my mind as I chuckled. “I got my blood test results back today. I am officially not a carrier of the sickle cell trait. No abnormal hemoglobin variants here.”

“Hey, that’s good news! I’d like to see it if you don’t mind?”

“What, you don’t believe me?” she asked, in a teasing tone.

“Nah, the numbers are interesting to me. Healthy blood versus... mine.”

Noah sucked her teeth. “Why would you say it like that?”

“Like the truth? You come on. I’m not sensitive about it – can’t be, if I want to get through the day, enjoying life. You can’t be either.”

“I’ll try, I guess.”

“I know you will. You’re dope like that,” I told her, knowing it would bring a smile to her face.

And as I suspected, I could hear it in her voice when she replied, “If you think a little flattery is going to shift my mood just like that... you are absolutely right. Keep talking.”

We stayed on the phone until I had to let her go, to get my bag checked and complete the hassle of getting through security with my delicate camera equipment and electronics intact. I always carried my equipment on when I flew with it – the weeks’ worth of clothes and shit in the bag I checked, I didn’t care much about that. My equipment though?

That had to stay close.

Once TSA was finished being nosy, I could move on to get to my gate. I’d timed things well enough that I had less than twenty minutes to wait before my flight started boarding, and I even managed to snag a seat until it was time.

I hadn’t been in an airport in almost two months, not since that surprise trip. I could still barely believe I’d done that – I’d taken a chance on her working in the actual Sugar&Spice offices, or even being there that day at all. I didn’t regret it though. The fact that I’d taken on the effort of making that trip was probably the romantic gesture that saved my ass, the one that came to mind when she thought about not even dealing with me.

But... that trip to the airport had been uneventful.

I doubt if anybody ever thought about the airport being the place to change your life. Always the destination. A new job, family, the love of your life, a new start... when people dreamed, it was always about what happened when you left the airport. Always what was on the other end of the flight.

And then Noah happened.

And now I was sitting here wondering if anybody else’s world was about to shift because of a passing encounter.

My phone chimed in my pocket, and I pulled it out to see Noah’s name on my screen.

“Have a safe flight. I can’t wait to see you. – Noah.”

“The feeling is mutual, gorgeous.”

#

Damn.

She wasn’t lying about this weather.

I zipped my jacket a little tighter as I stepped out of the car, tossing a hand up at the driver before he pulled off. Much to Noah’s dismay, I’d stopped by my hotel first to check in and drop off my bags, not wanting to be burdened with them later.

Now, I was wondering if the proximity to Lake Erie had anything to do with how drastically different the temperature was between here and LA. I mean, I knew “fall” didn’t mean the same thing in every part of the country, but damn – it was cold.

I checked my surroundings to make sure I had the right building, then pushed the button next to the apartment number Noah had given me. Immediately, a hopeful “Nick?!” sounded through the speaker.

“Yeah, it’s me,” I told her, and the next sound I heard was the loud buzz of the door as the lock disengaged to let me into her building. As soon as I stepped in, I saw the elevators she’d been quick to assure me would be available, after dropping the tidbit that she lived on the top floor of the building. As the doors closed behind me, I took a deep breath, suddenly feeling... not necessarily home, but something adjacent. Not like I was away on a trip, but like I was coming back to where I was supposed to be.

I highly doubted the feeling had much to do with the location though.

My fist had barely hit the door to start knocking when it swung open, and Noah launched herself into me. I laughed as she grabbed me on either side of my face, pushing herself up on her toes to kiss me as I wrapped my arms around her.

As usual, she tasted good as hell.

I walked us inside the apartment so we weren’t giving the neighbors a show, but it was obvious neither of us were interested in disengaging our mouths, not any time soon. Without breaking the kiss, I took my jacket off, dropping it on the table by the door before I returned my hands to Noah’s waist, pulling her closer to me.

It took a few nudges before I realized she was trying to get me to move, so I did, walking backward until I felt the couch against the back of my legs. One more nudge and I took a seat, bringing her with me to straddle my lap, making the dress she was wearing hike up around her thighs.

The sun was starting to go down, so the room was only half-bathed in light –enough illumination to see the clear lust in Noah’s eyes as she sat back, holding a condom up in front of me. The only answer I’d given to the apparent question was a cocked eyebrow before Noah’s quick fingers had my jeans undone.

Because of the potential risks – not to mention my preference, in general – I didn’t do casual sex. Because I didn’t do casual sex... let’s just say it had been a while. I sat back and watched, damn near holding my breath as Noah pulled me from my boxers, then looked up with an expression that was equal parts panic, intrigue, and excitement.

I just smirked.

Her fingers seemed to move a little faster after that, lifting the condom wrapper to her mouth to rip open with her teeth while she kept the other hand fisted around me. A moment later, it was on, and she sat back a little more, spreading her legs to reveal her panty-free state to me.

Damn.

She sat up to move into position, and we both groaned when she sank down onto me, stopping about halfway to drop her head onto my shoulder. My hands went to her bare thighs, starting there before I slid them up to grip her ass cheeks, using that hold to urge her down further.

Noah whimpered into my ear as I slowly guided her the rest of the way, then let out a low, extended moan of pleasure when she was fully seated in my lap. Instead of encouraging her to move, I pulled the thin dress over her head, leaving her completely nude. She bit down on her lip, then reached for the hem of my tee shirt, and I lifted my arms to assist. After she’d tossed the shirt away, she planted her hands on my shoulder for leverage, and started moving.

Goddamn, she felt good. I moved my hands up to cup the perky mounds of her breasts, admiring the rich, flawless dark brown of her skin, capped by darker chocolate-toned areolas and hard nipples. I bent my head, interrupting her mid-moan as I pulled one of those hard peaks between my teeth, bringing a cry of pleasure from her throat before I closed my lips over it.

Her head went back as she lost herself in what we were doing. I went back and forth, splitting attention between the sweetness of her breasts and the newly exposed skin of her throat and neck – places I quickly discovered seemed to turn her on even more. So I stayed there. Licking, sucking, biting every place I could reach as she rolled her hips, riding me.

She felt... unbelievably good. So good I was trying my best to talk myself through the shit in my head – a long time coming or not, I wasn’t about to embarrass myself.

Gradually, she stopped coming down as far, choosing instead to ride the tip. With one hand gripping her ass, the other with a handful of the hair she’d left free, I gave her a long, lazy upward stroke that made her gasp as she arched into me.

“Yeah,” I muttered as she buried her face in my neck again, moaning as I took over, stroking her again. “You were all hype to get me here, don’t run from it now.”

“Ni-Ahhhh!”

Whatever she was going to say got lost in the moment as I pulled her flush against me, keeping her there as I lifted her head up, and covered her mouth with mine. As our tongues danced, Noah started moving – subtly at first, and then a slowly, rhythmic roll of her hips against mine.

I slipped a hand between us, sliding through the wetness we’d created to press a thumb to her clit as she started riding me harder. With my free hand, I tightened my grip on her hair, gently tugging her head back as I kissed and licked her from her breasts back up to her exposed neck, making my way to nibble just below her ear.

“Nick,” she whined, nails digging into my shoulders as she moved. Her breaths were short, chest heaving, legs trembling – clear signs she was reaching her peak. “Are...you... trying... kill me?”

I chuckled into her ear, using her words as an invitation to increase the pressure and speed of my thumb against her clit, and meet the rocking of her hips with upward strokes of my own. “Nah... want to make you come.”

Those words were barely out of my mouth before it happened – the tension in her body, the loud calling of my name, the sudden warmth of her skin on mine as she collapsed, but somehow kept moving until I was grunting in her ear with my own release.

We stayed there, panting until we’d caught our breath, and then Noah lifted her head, and smiled.

“Welcome to the neighborhood.”

#

“Who knew the Midwest had gems like this?” I teased, leaning back against the booth Noah and I had snagged at what I’d thought was just a coffee shop, but turned out to be... more. A live band on stage, dance floor popping, a full bar and a heavy crowd, even for a Thursday night.

She rolled her eyes. “Oh whatever. Just because you’re from fancy-pants LA, doesn’t mean you can look down on us. Especially not here. Black people are rebuilding this city from the ground up, and we are popping. The business you’re sitting in now, in the neighborhood you’re in now, is proof.”

“Whoa,” I said, raising my hands. “Nobody is looking down on it, I didn’t know. Listen –the fact that you are here says enough.”

Noah relaxed into my side, hand resting on my thigh as she looked up. “Nick... what have I told you about all this flattery?”

“Nothing that’s going to stop me from doing it,” I shot back, an answer that made her smile.

Somehow, she moved closer to me, practically sitting in my lap, but I didn’t mind in the least as her mouth came closer to my ear. “Let’s go back to my place?”

I dropped my arm to loop around her waist, dragging her a little closer. “If you think I’m going to argue... you’re wrong.”

A few minutes later, we were out on the street, walking hand-in-hand back to her apartment. It was cold out – although Noah said that was my Californian sensibilities talking – but the streets were well-populated, giving life to the city.

“You like it here, huh?” I asked Noah, squeezing her hand. “After you uh... moved, to be with your grandmother... you’ve been here ever since?”

She nodded. “Yeah, I have. And – as you can probably tell – I love this city. My grandmother is here, my friends are here, my job is here... although... I don’t know.”

“Nah,” I urged, pulling her into my side as we walked. “Say what you were going to say.”

Noah glanced up at me, chewing at her bottom lip as she considered it. We made it halfway down the block before she spoke. “Well... I got offered a job at another magazine, right? A really, really great magazine, that I would love to work for. But – I love my current job, and I feel a certain sense of loyalty to my boss.”

“Understood. I’ve worked with Cam – she’s good people.”

“Very good people. Which is why the owner of the other magazine is good friends with her. Actually encouraged me to tell Cam about the offer, and talk it over with her.”

I nodded. “Did you?”

“I did,” Noah confirmed. “Cam thinks it would be a good move for me. Of course she wants to keep me at her magazine, from a business perspective, but as my mentor... she thinks I’d be a fool to pass it up, knowing the limitations of my current job, and what this new one can offer. Sugar&Spice has a certain audience, a certain purpose, that I think is incredibly good for our culture. But Glow is so...me.”

I stopped walking. “Whoa, the other magazine is Glow? Yo – I’ve worked with Rose Golden and her team, their office culture is dope.”

“Nick, who haven’t you worked with?” Noah laughed, shaking her head. “But... yeah, it’s Glow. Well... soon to be Glow Up. And they want me to be the face.”

Grinning, I took both of her hands. “That’s bananas. A move like that puts you on a whole other level. You think you’re going to do it?”

Noah shrugged. “I’m... considering.”

“What is there to consider?”

She laughed. “Uh, the fact that almost my entire life is here?”

“Oh. Right. Glow is out in LA.”

“It is.”

I ran my thumbs over the backs of her fingers, choosing my words carefully before I spoke. “I’m out in LA.”

“You are.”

I lifted an eyebrow, hoping she’d pick up on my question without me having to ask. She kept her gaze on mine for a moment before dropping it down to where our hands were joined.

“I have been trying my best not to allow that to be a factor. I like you, Nick. I like you a lot,” she said, lifting her gaze back to mine. “But it’s so soon.”

“Whoa – Noah, you don’t think I’m asking you to—”

She immediately shook her head. “Oh, no, not at all,” she assured me. “But, the thing is. I’d be lying if I said that you being in LA didn’t make the offer even more enticing. I don’t want to always be a plane ride away from you. Sure, we talk all the time, we see each other in pictures, and video chat, but it’s not the same as being able to be in your arms whenever I want to.”

We’d started walking again, and I took advantage of the attention required to cross the street to consider my words.

“It’s not the same – you’re right. A long-distance thing wasn’t ever in my plans either, but that’s what we’ve gotten ourselves into. We’ll make it work as long as we have to, but no lie – I’d be happy as hell if you decided to move to LA. But it should be about the job, and about your future – not about me.”

A slow smile spread across Noah’s lips. “You wouldn’t think I was stalking you, or being weird?”

“Nah,” I shook my head. “I’ve felt like I’ve known you since our first conversation. Packing up your whole life for me doesn’t even sound like a very “Noah” thing to do.”

She laughed. “No, it’s not. But damn if I don’t consider you a major perk.”

I turned to her, pulling her into my arms after we rounded the side of her building, heading for the front door. “Noah... what have I told you about all this flattery?”

“Mmm, what are you going to do about it?” she purred, grinning as I lowered my mouth to hers.

“Noah?”

Just before our lips touched, I heard Noah’s name, and stopped. In my arms, Noah froze for a second before she stepped back, then peeked around me to find the source of the voice.

“Sam?” she asked, her whole demeanor shifting, from warm, sexy vixen to uncomfortable. “Sam... what are you doing here?”

“Sam” had been seated on the stone banister that flanked the four stairs leading up to the building, but now he moved, stepping fully onto the sidewalk.

“I wanted to try to talk to you, but you seem busy. I’ll let you enjoy your night.”

I frowned as Sam did exactly that – he said nothing more before he turned and walked in the opposite direction, leaving me and Noah there on the sidewalk. She let out a deep breath as she ran a hand through her hair, then headed toward her building without a word.

“Hey, what was that about?” I asked, following her inside, and toward the elevator.

She shook her head as we climbed on, and then punched the number for her floor, remaining abnormally interested in the keypad even as the doors closed. “Nothing. Just forget it.”

“I’m pretty sure you know that’s not about to happen.”

As the elevator rumbled past a few floors, I waited for her to acknowledge what I’d said. When she finally glanced over her shoulder, her eyes held a note of regret I wasn’t expecting.

“Do we have to?” she asked, as the elevator stopped, and the doors slid open.

“No. No, we don’t have to.”

The short walk from the elevator to her door was quiet. She pulled out her keys to get us in, and then locked the door behind us, turning to face me after she did.

“He’s an ex. My last ex... the last person I dated before you.”

I nodded. “Ended badly?”

“You could say that. He was married – well, separated – and didn’t tell me. For almost two years, I was the perfect side piece, or something. I insisted on not going out, because I didn’t want blogs in my business, never wanted to go to his place because I was more comfortable at mine, etc etc. Whatever. It was a mistake. A huge one. And every time I think about it, it makes me feel like a fraud, for sleeping with someone’s husband, and an idiot for not realizing it. So... there it is.”

I frowned. “You didn’t have to tell me that,” I said, stepping closer to her. “When I said we didn’t have to go there, I meant it.”

“I know you did, but I know what it’s like to feel like someone you care about is being... sketchy. I don’t want to be that girl.”

“You’re not that girl.” I closed the last bit of distance between us, wrapping my arms around her waist. “You’re... Noah.”

She shook her head. “Yeah, well “Noah” isn’t always... little miss Zen, always making the right decisions. Sometimes I mess up really bad, and... Sam is one of those mess-ups. It frazzles me. I’m sorry if I’m being weird.”

“You’re good.” I put a hand under her chin, tipping her face up to mine. “Listen... I hope you don’t think I’m expecting what I see on social media, your “brand” or whatever. I know it’s genuine, that you really do live what you promote, but... I don’t need the Noah highlight reel. Knowing you’ve made mistakes doesn’t make me like you any less.”

Thankfully, that brought a smile to her face. “In that case... enough of that. Let’s talk about something else.”

“Something like what?” I asked, lowering my head to brush my lips against hers, pulling a low moan from her throat.

“Like if I can convince you to spend the night.”





10.


#NOAH




Waking up beside Nick was... strange.

In a good way.

I expected to feel a little uncomfortable, a little awkward – first overnight visit standard feelings.

Do I look cute when I sleep?

Was I snoring?

Was I... farting?

Did I sleep with my mouth open and a fly flew inside? Is there a fly in my mouth right now?!

But no... there was none of the silliness in waking up beside Nick. I felt light, and happy, and I was somehow still buzzing and giddy from last night’s sexcapades. Before my eyes came open, I was aware of the weight of his arm draped around my waist, hand flat against my belly to keep me close. Next was the realization he was hard, and it was digging into my back, reminding me of the way we’d spent the night.

But he’s asleep... is it just a morning thing, or is it... something else?

I lifted a little, trying to gauge asleep he was. I got my answer when he shifted away from my movements and rolled onto his back, trying to find a new comfortable spot since I’d disturbed him. A few seconds later, the subtle rise and fall of his chest resumed, and soft snores broke the relative silence of the room.

And his boxers were barely restraining him.

After a few more moment of deliberation, I decided not to wake him up to ask if the blood flow away from his dick was okay – something only on my mind thanks to the fine doctors at Google medical center. I’d read something about men with sickle cell staying hard too long, and the prolonged state causing irreversible damage, and....

Ugh.

Screw you, Google.

I eased my way out of bed, deciding that if I came back in twenty minutes and he was still doing his best redwood tree impression, then I would wake him up. I looked up at myself in the bathroom mirror as I snagged my toothpaste and toothbrush from the counter. Had we really made it to a place where I was going to wake this man up to ask about his dick?

Well... yes.

We had.

I took my toiletries with me to Arizona’s bathroom, knowing she wouldn’t mind. I didn’t want to wake Nick up before I had to, and Arizona was – funny enough – out in LA for the next few weeks, since the cohost of her pop-culture talk show had moved. Like Nick and I, they’d been making it work separately. But... like Nick and I... that distance couldn’t last forever. Especially when Arizona loved LA anyway. She was already looking for a new place.

I took my time going through my morning routine, knowing it would be hard not to bug Nick once I was done. Smiling at myself in the mirror as I undid the two thick braids I’d taken the time to force my hair into last night, I thought about how different things were for me, not even two months ago.

Hell, two weeks ago.

Nick’s insistence on coming to see me had been a pleasant surprise, and a welcomed reassurance that I wasn’t alone in my quickly-growing feelings. Although I complained about the distance, it had given way to a dynamic where he and I simply talked. A lot. Without proximity, we couldn’t make it about a physical connection – I actually liked Nick, the person.

It didn’t hurt that our obvious chemistry hadn’t been wasted on a physical connection that turned out to be wack. I’d been a little nervous after researching the possible ways sickle cell could complicate sex – again, screw Google – but I was very, very, very pleased to find Nick wasn’t letting any of that hold him back.

The pleasant ache between my thighs was proof.

I bit my lip, trying to keep from smiling as I walked into the kitchen, but it broke free anyway, so I let it happen. By the time I put a glass up to the dispenser on the fridge to get some water, I was full-on beaming, and couldn’t seem to be still, bouncing on the balls of my feet in time to music in my head. I took a sip, using my free hand to milly rock, just a little, as I turned back to my counter.

When I looked up, Nick was at the entrance to the kitchen, arms crossed over his bare chest as he leaned against the wall, looking thoroughly amused by my antics. “Are you always this happy in the mornings?”

“What?” I asked, grinning. “You’ve never hit a little “happy to be alive” milly rock first thing in the morning?”

He chuckled, then moved from the wall to walk an unhurried path into the kitchen. “I can’t say I have, but I’m glad to have experienced yours.”

When he pulled me into his arms, the fact that I wasn’t being poked in the stomach was the first thing to come to my attention. “Oh, it went down!”

“Huh?” Nick asked, frowning, and I quickly shook my head.

“Nothing. What time do you want to start shooting today?”

I’d taken the day away from the office, planning for us to do the shooting for Nick’s film, which he insisted wouldn’t take more than the day. I already had outfits planned for each “scene”, and I was ready to go.

“This afternoon. You’ve got good lighting from your windows, so we’ll use that, and then I’ll adjust in post.” He released his hold on me to go to where his jacket was hanging by the front door, and pulled a mini-pill dispenser from the pocket. “For now though, I need to eat something so I can take these, go back to my hotel and get cleaned up, then pack up everything to bring here.”

I leaned onto the counter. “You mean, where you should’ve brought it all in the first place?”

“Noah...”

“Nick...”

He laughed. “Come on. Your ass knows exactly why I didn’t.”

“Because we’re both, to different degrees, trying to pretend like this isn’t some next level, “this is probably my soul mate” kind of thing? Both trying to play it cool, and treat it the same way we treated those practice relationships?”

“Practice relationships?” he asked, eyebrow raised.

I sucked my teeth. “You know exactly what I mean, Nick. Every intimate connection – and not just the romantic ones - come with lessons. For you to learn what you like and don’t like, will or won’t accept, can and can’t do, for you to hurt, and heal. Practice. But I think this – we – are maybe... what the other person has been practicing toward. Maybe. That probably sounds completely crazy, doesn’t it?”

“Nah,” he chuckled, leaning onto the counter across from me. “I don’t think it sounds crazy, but I think you may be overestimating the amount of practice I’ve had. I don’t know what the hell I’m doing. I have this thing where, when faced with a decision... I choose whatever makes the better story. Like, if my life was a film, what would I rather see?”

I frowned. “Uhh... that sounds a little... irresponsible.”

Nick straightened up to laugh. “Wait, let me explain better – I don’t necessarily mean, what’s more high action, or what would cause more drama, but literally, what would I rather see? I’d rather watch myself get on that plane to surprise you at your office. I’d rather watch myself show up at your event to try to convince you I wasn’t some flaky fuckboy than sit back and let you disappear from the story forever. I’d... rather take the risk of getting hurt, than wonder for the rest of my life... was Noah the one, and I pushed her away out of fear? That would have been a depressing ass movie.”

“Yeah, maybe so,” I laughed. “But, I must say that reminds me of something I’ve been meaning to ask you, and didn’t want to mess up the flow, I guess. But... before I knew about your SCD, you were on it. You made it seem like you wanted me so bad, you wanted a chance, all of that, but then once you “had me”, it’s like you backed up for a minute. What was that about?”

“I was scared,” he shrugged. “I met you, and you gave me this feeling like I’ve never experienced before. Prior to even knowing your name, something about you was magnetic. Then we had that little inbox conversation, and I saw who you were, and that feeling expanded. That’s the feeling that made me get on that plane. I was all caught up in doing the work to deserve you in my space that I wasn’t thinking about the other stuff. But once you were there... it all came back. Like I said though, your presence makes the story better.”

I let out a low moan. “Boy, you are going to mess around and I’m not going to let you leave here.”

“Don’t threaten me with a good time, Noah.”

“Oh whatever,” I laughed, turning away from him, back to the fridge, which I opened. “You said you need to eat, right? I can put something together for us, but it’s going to be like... scrambled eggs and fruit. Or, we can go out, but that’s going to mean not eating for probably another hour.”

“Scrambled eggs and fruit is fine by me.”

I grabbed the stacked containers of fruit I’d cut for myself a day or two before, placing them on the counter. “Perfect. And I’ll even throw in a glass of my grapefruit juice.”

“Uhh... you can keep that,” Nick laughed, and I shot him a dirty look before I grabbed the basket of eggs to put down beside the stove. I was reaching for the butter when I felt him behind me, snaking his arms around my waist to pull me close. “I’d kiss you if I was sure my breath didn’t smell like the underside of a swamp.”

I giggled as he rested his chin on top of my head. “I’m quite sure I would have noticed that by now, but I have a whole box of toothbrushes under the sink in my bathroom. Shout out to Sam’s club.”

“Aiight, so... I’m gonna go handle that,” he said, smacking me on the ass as he left. I was glad my back was turned, so he wouldn’t see me grinning like crazy as I scrambled a few eggs for us, dropped a couple slices of bread in the toaster, and dished fruit onto two plates.

I could get used to mornings like this.

#

Admiring the result of someone’s work was one thing – seeing the process to create it was something else. Before he’d even booked his flight, Nick and I had worked out the details of this shoot – the hair and outfit choices that would pair with each scene, what order they’d be captured, all of that. So, I’d had a sneak peek of the kind of thought, and detail he put into his work, but that still hadn’t prepared me for seeing Nick... work.

There was a certain... sexiness to the way he set up his equipment – quickly, but skillfully, with obvious attention to detail as he brought out motorized tripods, lights, and all kinds of other things I couldn’t name.

He was good at giving direction – firm, but never harsh, and full of compliments I highly doubted he would offer at a normal set. Because of that, it felt like the scenes had flown by.

There was one where I came in, stopped at the door to take of my bra from under my shirt, then headed straight to my kitchen to open a bottle of wine. In another, I ripped open the packaging of a fresh print issue of Sugar&Spice with my teeth while I tapped out a text, then kicked off my shoes to head for the bathtub. Taking a pint of ice cream into my bedroom with me, painting my nails, drinking wine straight from the bottle while I fell asleep in front of the TV. We captured several different instances of how my night would go – all the “innocent” ways up front, to get them over.

Only one scene was left.

I inhaled a deep, relaxing breath, and just as I was letting it go, I heard Nick yell, “action!” from inside my apartment.

Time to go.

I pushed the door open and dropped my keys in the bowl on the table next to me. Kicking the door closed with the back of my foot, I pressed my back to the wall and closed my eyes, pushing out a breath before I locked it.

Heading for the kitchen, I stripped off my jacket, tossing it across the couch as I passed. I pulled out a bottle of wine at first, and then changed my mind, pulling out a bottle of Mauve instead, and taking a single shot. I closed my eyes as the liquor burned down my throat, then shook the feeling off. My journey to my room was punctuated with the removal of my clothes, which I left wherever they landed.

In my room, I lit my candles and turned my music on, then flipped my bedspread back to reveal crisp, cool sheets. I groaned at the feeling of them against my skin as I slid between them, only halfway covering myself, but it didn’t matter.

My hand was already between my legs.

I let my eyelids flutter closed, allowing the camera to be out of sight out of mind. Nick’s presence – his warmth, his scent, his whole aura – were impossible to ignore, so I didn’t try. Instead, I fantasized that my fingers were his as they danced over my slick flesh, exploring the landscape until I slowly pushed them into me. My other hand cupped around one of my breasts, massaging and squeezing and then pulling my nipple between my fingertips.

I lost myself in... myself. I’d devoted so much time to the exploration of my own body I knew exactly the right pressure on exactly the right spot for exactly the right duration to have me coming unglued in very little time. Once everything was done, less – much less – than a minute of this would make it into the film anyway, in half-second clips split between all the other mundane clips.

I was sure Nick had more than enough footage.

Once I finally came down from my orgasm, I opened my eyes and searched out Nick’s face in the semi-darkened room, wanting confirmation. I found him with his lips parted, camera held loosely in his hands, an expression of veneration on his face.

“Um... was that okay?” I asked, sitting up, and my question seemed to bring him back to the real world.

He scoffed. “Was that oka—Noah... that was... yes.”

I pulled myself from the bed to approach where he was standing. “So... that’s it, right?”

“Uh, yeah. And for the scene we just finished, you know I’ll go through in editing, make sure you’re not too exposed, make sure it’s tasteful, all that.”

I smiled. “I do. I trust you, and I trust your vision. I hope I delivered, that everything looks good. You’re not saying a lot, and it’s making me nervous.”

“Nervous about what?”

“I don’t know,” I shrugged. “For all the other scenes, you kinda... coached me, and you had feedback after.”

“So... you want feedback?”

I nodded. “Yeah, I do.”

“Okay.”

There was maybe a half-second of time between Nick saying that, dropping the camera unceremoniously onto the bed, and hooking an arm around my still-nude body, hauling me against him. His mouth crashed onto mine – none of the soft, sweet kisses I’d grown accustomed to. This was a kiss meant to devour, as he lowered his hands to grip my ass.

And I was completely prepared to let him.

Resistance never even crossed my mind as he lowered me to the bed, without breaking our kiss. In fact, his mouth only left mine when he sat up to grab the hem of his shirt, intending to pull it off. But then something clicked in my mind, and I reached out to stop him.

“Wait... I have an idea.”

#

“You sure you’re sure about this?” Nick asked, adjusting the collar of his jacket as I followed him out the door of my apartment. We stopped there, and he turned to me, with that question still filling his eyes.

I nodded. “Yes. I mean... if it’s all about my “norm”, right? Well... ideally... you coming over is going to be part of my norm, so I think it’s a good idea to bring it all together. And think about the story, remember?” I asked, grinning at him as I fluffed out my hair, then smoothed a hand over the oversized sweater I’d thrown on. “When you make this a full movie about us, you’ve gotta get Trevante Rhodes and Teyonnah Parris, or two other sexy chocolates to portray us, and it’s going to be amazing.”

Nick laughed. “Where the hell did that even come from?”

“I don’t know. I’m a little nervous, so there’s no telling what I might say. But I think it’s going to look bad ass, so... I’m committed to it.”

“You’re sure?”

“I’m positive.”

He nodded. “Okay. Then... follow my lead.”

I squealed out loud as he flung the door open and pulled me in, shoving it closed behind us. A little gasp left my throat as he pushed me against the same wall I’d rested against earlier, licking me from my collarbone up to my ear. My mouth fell open, but I was too breathless to make a sound, too wrapped up in the feeling of Nick’s tongue on my neck as he nibbled and sucked his way back along the same trail.

He eased out of his jacket, letting it fall to the floor behind us before he drew me away from the wall. His arms circled me from behind, creating a pleasant cocoon of solid warmth as he dropped his mouth to my ear.

“So, Noah wants to make a porno,” he teased, making me laugh. The end result would be a little risqué, sure, but we both knew it wouldn’t be that.

Still, he teased me all the way into the kitchen, keeping his arms around me until we reached the counter. There, we both took a shot of Mauve, and then he swept me up to the counter, stepping between my legs.

When I introduced this idea, I’d worried that it would come across as contrived, and feel awkward. But with Nick, that wasn’t the case. Once his hands were on me, the pleasure that would follow was my only focus.

I hooked my thighs around his waist as his hands went to either side of my neck, using his thumbs to tip my chin, lining my mouth up with his. At first, he brushed lips with me, but then he pressed harder. I lifted my hands to drape over his shoulders as he deepened the kiss, slipping his tongue into my mouth to soak up any remnants of the liquor we’d consumed. To my left, the camera was on the motorized tripod, recording our every move with the help of a timer, but I didn’t care.

All I cared about was this kiss.

I tried my best to give as good as I got, but Nick had me outmatched. I was so distracted by his tongue in my mouth I barely noticed he’d gotten me out of my boots while I was sitting there on the counter, and I only knew my sweater was coming off because we had to stop kissing to get it over my head.

After that, we headed for the bedroom. Article by article, we stripped down, and by the time Nick pushed me onto the bed and lowered himself on top of me, neither of us had anything on. I groaned as I wrapped my arms around his shoulders again, enjoying the solid, pleasant weight of his body against mine. There was a second camera set up in here, and I ignored that one too as Nick sat up, taking his time to look me over.

“I’m not sure what I did to deserve this,” he said, running his fingertips over my stomach, over my breasts, and up to my face. “But I want you to know I’m grateful.”

I frowned. “Deserve what, Nick?”

“You.”

My response caught in my throat as he started kissing my neck again, working his way down to my breasts to suck and tease my nipples before he moved lower. His lips brushed over my ribs, down to my belly button, past the soft patch of hair growing in from my last wax, down to the apex of my thighs. He spread my legs apart and licked me – first with the broad flat of his tongue and then the tip, making me arch away from the bed. His arms hooked around my thighs, keeping me in place as he pushed his face between my legs, nose pressed against my clit as his tongue dipped into me.

With his mouth covering my clit, he slurped hard, creating a simultaneous suck and vibration sensation that almost made me come right there. But then he pulled back, teasing me with light flicks of his tongue that had my thighs jerking as I buried my fingers in his hair, gripping to keep him in place. The vibration of his chuckles made me groan – a sound that quickly transformed to a cry of pleasure as he did that slurp thing again, pushing his fingers into me at the same time.

My little fantasy earlier paled in comparison to the reality of Nick’s fingers.

Immediately, he landed on exactly the right button to push, and I let out a long stream of purrs, yells, moans, whimpers and groans as his fingers and tongue pushed me headfirst into bliss. I collapsed onto the bed, liquified and completely satisfied as Nick wiped his face with the back of his hand, then reached into the drawer beside my bed for a condom.

A moment later, we were both letting out gratified moans as he sank into me. I hooked my legs around his, dug my nails into his shoulders as he began to stroke. He lowered his mouth and kissed me, matching the rhythm of his strokes to the rhythm of his tongue – dual stimulation that had pressure building in my core, from both ends.

He didn’t keep that up for long though.

Little by little, he built up power, built up depth, built up speed, until my cries of pleasure devolved into nonsensical ramblings punctuated with please, please, don’t stop.

And he didn’t.

He drove into me over, and over, sitting back to hook my legs over his shoulders and bury himself deeper, faster, harder, until my feet were up by my ears, and I was coming completely unraveled as I came... and came... and came.

After a few moments, Nick collapsed on the bed beside me, completely spent. Gradually, I noticed his breathing didn’t seem to be leveling out in the way mine had, and I sat up, alarmed.

“Nick! Are you okay?!”

I could tell it took him some effort to swallow, and then nod. “Yeah, gorgeous,” he said, sounding more like he’d ran a marathon than a man who’d been laying down for several minutes.

“You’re not,” I insisted, getting up to bring the lights back up from their dimmed state. If I wasn’t so worried about him, it would have been a perfect time to stop and admire the gorgeous specimen of his body – even if it seemed to be somewhat failing him right now. “Tell me what I need to do.”

“Relax.” He motioned for me to come back to the bed, and I did, gingerly climbing up beside him. As soon as I was close enough, he grabbed me, pulling me down to rest against his chest. “This is what I need you to do. To not freak out.”

I draped an arm around him. “That would be easier if I knew what was happening.”

Above me, Nick sighed. “Okay. So this time was a little more vigorous than last night. I got a little more lightheaded than usual, because I came a little harder than usual, and sometimes, with my condition... it takes the blood a little longer to come back to the rest of my body, after it all raced down to my dick for the party.”

My eyes got big. “Oh my God!” I exclaimed, remembering all the craziness I’d found on Google. My gaze drifted down to where he was still sheathed in the condom, still hard enough to hit a home run with, and I started to sit up.

Nick’s arm went around me, immediately pulling me back down. “There is nothing to be alarmed about, Noah. I need you to trust that. If there was, I would tell you, okay?”

“But google said—”

“Fuck Google, seriously,” Nick laughed. “Don’t let worst-case-scenario ruin your high, damn. Am I gonna have to make you come again, to calm your ass down?”

I giggled. “I don’t think I can.”

“Is that a challenge?”

I tipped my head up, meeting his eyes with a grin. “Maybe in a few hours. First... I have to make sure your dick goes down.”





11


#NICK




“Oh, shit, they let you out the sweatshop bruh?”

“Man, chill,” Parker laughed, shaking his head at my reaction to seeing him out. We slapped hands and bumped shoulders, and I tried to remember the last time I’d seen him in person. Dude was always working, and with him, I knew “work” wasn’t a code name for any bullshit. He really was always working.

“You know I had to come out and support.” He raised the glass of champagne in his hand and gestured to where Sav was standing in front of a wall covered with the logo of his cookbook, flanked by pretty women as he grinned at the camera. If any image outside of the kitchen spoke to Savion’s aesthetic, it was this one. This was Sav’s night.

“If I play my cards right... shit, maybe y’all will throw something like this for me one day,” P laughed, swallowing the rest of the champagne in his glass.

I raised an eyebrow. “Oh word? Something happen at work? They promoted you from account manager?”

“Nah, nothing like that. Just thinking out loud.”

“Well... you ever need to talk it through, you know I’ve got you.”

Parker scoffed. “As many times as I’ve saved your ass, you better.”

A hush fell over the crowd as Sav’s voice came over the sound system, announcing he was about to screen his commercial for the cookbook – the one I’d shot for him. I waved as the spotlight came to me during his shout outs, and then the lights dimmed, and the commercial played.

I’m really fucking good at this.

I felt free to let the full spread of my cocky flag fly in the confines of my own thoughts. The crowd oohed and ahhed over the visual playing on the huge screen, laughing and talking along as Sav gave his well-written spiel about the book, and what it meant to him. When it was over, everyone clapped. The lights came back up, indicating we should go back to whatever we were doing before, but there was a noticeable buzz of positive energy in the air, even more than before.

They’d enjoyed the commercial, and were talking about it.

I considered it a job well-done.

Parker and I were still in the same place, talking about the video when a pair of women – probably friends – sidled up to us. “You’re Nick Davison, aren’t you?” one asked, with a confidence that let me know she already knew the answer to that question.

“I am,” I told her anyway, extending a hand. “You are...?”

“Catherine – well, Cat. And this is Kim,” she said, gesturing at her friend. “And you are even finer in person. Who’s your friend?”

I chuckled. “This is my single homeboy, Parker.”

“Hi Parker,” they said in unison, and I noticed Kim moved closer to him, as if we were pairing off.

“So... don’t you fellas want to go see what’s happening over at that open bar?” Cat asked, draping herself onto my shoulder – some shit I put an immediate stop to by taking a step back.

“Pretty sure that’s going to depend on what you think is happening after those drinks,” Parker chimed in. He put his arm around Kim’s waist, sending a clear signal he was interested, but again – Parker was a single man. He could do that shit.

Cat smiled. “Well... another drink. And maybe another. And then maybe a third... in our hotel room. This party is kinda boring.”

I raised an eyebrow at the lack of self-awareness required to say that shit to us, of all the people in this room. Besides that – this event was popping – full of celebrities supporting Savion, liquor flowing, people dancing and live streaming. If that was boring, I wasn’t trying to find out what her idea of “fun” was.

“I’m gonna have to pass, Cat. I’m nowhere near single enough to take up that offer.”

She frowned. “I know you aren’t out here being loyal to that trash box Noah chick.”

My whole demeanor shifted as soon as Noah’s name crossed her lips. “Yo, you can keep her name out of your mouth unless you have something positive to say, aiight?”

Cat smirked. “Okay, defend your woman then, brother.”

“Right?” Kim chimed, excited for no reason. “I like that – not that she deserves it. I knew that chick was a fraud.”

“What are y’all talking about?” Parker asked, his expression a mirror of how I felt. “Noah Houston?”

Cat and Kim nodded. “Yep,” Cat said. “Noah Homewrecker Houston. Sleeping with a married man all this time while she was spouting all that love yourself and don’t settle bullshit. A hypocrite just like the rest of these social media stars.”

“You don’t even know what the fuck you’re talking about, so you should probably chill with spreading misinformation,” I told her, trying to be calm, and she shook her head.

“Ain’t no misinformation, that niggas wife came forward, saying they’re in marriage counseling trying to work it out, but they can’t move forward because he’s all stuck on Noah. It’s all on her Instagram, this woman begging Noah to leave her husband alone.”

Parker kissed his teeth. “So it’s automatically true? For all you know, Noah doesn’t even know those damned people. She showed some pictures? Texts? Anything?”

“We don’t need all that,” Kim said. “It’s called women’s intuition. Woman to woman, we know.”

“Well your intuition is some bullshit,” I said, pulling out my phone as I walked away to find a quiet spot to call Noah. I ended up in Sav’s empty dressing room, where I saw I had a ton of social media notifications. Some were praise about Sav’s video.

The others were about Noah.

She was in Seattle this week, for another event, so I didn’t have to consider the time before I called. Instead of a voice call, I chose video. I needed to physically see if she was okay.

She... was not.

It was clear as soon as the call connected and I saw her puffy, red-rimmed eyes.

“I know your friend’s event can’t be over yet, so... you must’ve heard.”

I nodded. “Yeah, I heard. Why didn’t you call me?”

“Because you’re busy, Nick. You should be with your friend right now, not worrying about me. I’m gonna be okay. It’s just still fresh.”

“Dude is surrounded by plenty of people right now, he isn’t even thinking about me. Tell me what the hell happened?”

From the angle, I could tell she was laid back in the hotel bed, but then the camera went crazy as she sat up. A few seconds later, her face was back on the screen. “Well... you remember I told you about my ex – Sam, the one who showed up at my place that day?”

“Yeah. I’m gonna kill him when I see him.”

“Nick...”

“You’re crying, Noah.”

“I know, but please, Nick. Just listen for now.”

I was still gonna punch that motherfucker in his face, but for now, I nodded. “Yeah.”

“Well, when he came by that day, apparently he called himself wanting to apologize to me, for everything, one last time. Closure, I guess. But I have him blocked, in every possible way I can short of a restraining order, so showing up there was the only way to get to me. Since you were there though, he left. He mentioned all of this in the couple’s counseling he’s doing with his wife, and for some stupid reason, he told her who I was, and she got irate. Stormed out of the session, and took her rage straight to Instagram to tell the world I’m a homewrecker.”

I scoffed. “But you’re not. This dude lied to you, for a long ass time, and as soon as you found out the real deal, you stopped it cold. It wasn’t even like that!”

“I know that. He knows that. And she knows that. She doesn’t care. She’s hurting about her marriage, so... she wanted to hurt me too. I get it.”

“Wait,” I frowned. “You’re not excusing this shit, are you?”

“No! Not excusing it, I’m just saying I get it. Hurt people, hurt people, and I ended up in the line of fire. It’s my own fault. I keep thinking I should have known better. Like there had to have been some sort of sign, and I missed it.”

“Don’t you dare blame yourself for this!” I demanded, pissed this was the route she was taking. It was silly to be surprised – her attitude fell right in line with her mandates of personal responsibility, but shit. This was taking it too far. “Noah, listen – I know you want to try to understand and relate and empathize and all that shit with everybody you encounter, but like you told that girl at your event, sometimes you have to say fuck them. This is not okay. You didn’t insert yourself into somebody’s marriage – you were pulled in, blindly. That is their issue, and they don’t fucking get to take their problems out on you.”

On the screen, Noah swiped tears from her face and shook her head. “That sounds good Nick, but what am I supposed to do? The damage is done. People are going to see this and believe it. Of course I’d claim I didn’t know. Of course I’d say I stopped as soon as I found out. I don’t have any proof. Anything I say looks as if I’m trying to save face.”

“But at least you’ll have put the truth out there. People will decide who they want to believe, and yeah some are going to stick with the wife, but that’s okay. Your light is way too bright to be dimmed by something like this. You’ve done too much good, touched too many people. Don’t give into the urge to shrink.”

She didn’t say anything right away, just kept her head bowed as she gave in to a moment of quiet, heartbreaking sobs that made me want to put “Sam’s” head through a wall. “I wish I was at home,” she said finally, laying down again. “So I could talk to my grandmother. Or there in LA, with you.”

“So do I gorgeous. Tell me what to do to make it better.”

A little smile came to her face. “Just the fact you care enough to want to make it better is sufficient for now. I’m tired though. Drained. I’m going to try to sleep. I have to be up early to prepare for tomorrow’s event.”

“Okay. I’ll let you go so you can get some rest. We’ll talk tomorrow.”

“Of course. Bye.”

I didn’t want to let her off the phone, but if sleep would help, I wasn’t about to keep her from it.

Besides... I had something in mind.

#

I felt a certain sense of deja vu as I hung toward the edge of the room with the crew, trying not to be seen. Once again, the room was packed full of women, but it wasn’t them I was trying to avoid this time – it was Noah.

Even though I wanted to surprise her, I couldn’t resist seeing her in action at these events. Today, her mood was noticeably subdued, but I could tell she was giving the crowd every bit of energy she had – as usual.

“Good looking out,” I told Rashad, who was standing beside me, camera in hand. I felt like it was one of the safest places to avoid Noah spotting me – As a rule, she didn’t look at the camera when she was doing these things.

Rashad had taken on more than a photographer role today though – he’d been the one to coordinate me getting in. He was the key to me being able to – hopefully – put Noah in a better mood. It was cold in Seattle, and my joints weren’t happy about it, but if this all put a smile on Noah’s face, it would be worth it.

She’d already answered several questions from the crowd, but then the mic went to a woman whose whole vibe was off.

“So, Ms. Noah,” she started, and I already knew this was about to be some bullshit. “You talk a lot about being good to other women, not accepting table scraps, all of that, but apparently, you don’t live it. I’ve been a fan of yours since that fro on your head was a buzz cut big chop, and I feel betrayed, finding out you’re a hypocrite. You tell us you live this stuff you preach, but then we find out you’re sleeping with somebody’s husband! What’s up with that?!”

As soon as the woman lowered the mic, handing it back to a shell-shocked looking production assistant, the crowd went up. Out of nowhere – or so it seemed, security stepped forward, watching to make sure nothing popped off as people shouted – at Noah, and at each other.

“Okay, that’s enough,” Noah’s clear voice rang out as she stood. When she reached the middle of the stage, she propped a hand on her hip, her face set into an expression that was entirely too neutral to be natural. Just those three words had quieted the crowd, and all eyes were on her, rapt.

“Pull out your phone and record, livestream, whatever, because this is the one and only time I will address this. I am only doing it because as that beautiful sister said a minute ago, some of you have been with me from no hair to too much hair. I feel like I owe you these words – I would never give anybody a line of advice, an affirmation, a cliché, and old wives’ tale, whatever, that I did not absolutely believe, and try to live by. I hold myself to the same standards I ask you to place on yourselves. I have not ever, and I will not ever knowingly engage in an intimate relationship with someone who is committed – or supposed to be committed – to someone else. I’m a selfish lover – I do not care to share. That’s not my thing, it never has been, and it never will be. I conducted myself with a level of naivety I warn others about, and you’d better believe I learned my lesson. Currently, my interests lie with one man, and one man only, and he has no marriage licenses on file in the United States or any of its territories. That is more than I should have to say, and all I am going to say about that. I will not be accepting questions about it.”

Overwhelmingly, her response was met with a round of applause, but a few people got up and left. I looked to Noah, watching for her reaction, but she seemed unbothered, focusing instead on the people who’d chosen to stay.

As if she felt me watching here, suddenly Noah’s eyes were right on me, going wide as she recognized my face. For a second, it was like she was frozen, but then I raised my hands to join her applause, and a little smile crept over her face. Because I was watching her so closely, I saw the signal she gave the event host, who stood up, mic in hand.

“Okay ladies... let’s move on to the next question.”

#

“Nick!”

The pure joy on Noah’s face when she came around the corner after taking pictures and signing autographs made the trip feel worth it. She launched herself into my arms, not caring that even though the crowd had thinned, the backstage area was still populated.

“How long have you been planning this?” she asked, between kisses, and I shook my head.

“I haven’t, since I knew you had a trip to San Diego coming up. But when I saw your face last night... I knew what I needed to do.”

Noah bit down on her lip, then shifted her gaze away from me. “Um... let’s go to my dressing room?”

“Lead the way, gorgeous.”

Noah’s movements were slow as we made our way to her private dressing room, allowing me to take it easy on my aching joints. As soon as we were inside, with the door closed, she rounded on me.

“Are you okay? Do you need pain relief?” she asked, and I frowned.

“How in the world did you—”

“You flinched. When I grabbed you, earlier. You flinched, because you’re having a flare-up, aren’t you?”

“It’s the weather,” I assured her. “I’m not used to the cold.”

Noah raised an eyebrow. “It’s like high forties today...”

“I’m from LA.”

“Fair point,” she laughed. “But seriously, you’re good?”

“Yes,” I insisted. “Now close your eyes. I know you didn’t think I showed up empty-handed, right?”

Her eyes went big. “I get another surprise?”

“You do. Come on. Sit down right here, and close your eyes, okay?”

She gave me a suspicious look at first, but then nodded, taking the seat I’d offered and closing her eyes. I went to the open box Rashad had helped me sneak into the room earlier and carefully picked it up, keeping it balanced as I approached her. I put the box down beside her, and then lifted the contents out, carefully placing it in her hands.

“Ah!” she shrieked, her eyes springing open in response. Her gaze came to me in confusion at first, but then her expression changed as the fluffy, chocolate-colored puppy in her lap put its paws on her chest, wiggling excitedly as he licked her face. “Nick... how did you...?”

“You mentioned it to me before,” I said, taking a seat on the other side of her to get off my feet. Her hands closed around the happy puppy with a gently touch, stroking his soft fur until he sat down, apparently pleased. “You didn’t say what kind, but you mentioned you’d been wanting one for a while. I made a call last night to a friend who runs a shelter in LA, who put me in touch with a shelter here. I already made transportation arrangements and everything to get him back home for you, and after the weekend, I’m gonna get training and all that lined up. I even made sure you can have him in your apartment.”

I’d done all that rambling, but Noah was quiet, head tucked down as she stroked the puppy. So quiet I got a little worried, wondering if I’d made a misstep, but then she finally raised her head.

Her eyes were filled with tears. “Nick,” she started, then cleared her throat, laughing a little as the puppy decided it was time to play again, in her lap. “The reason I never got the puppy for myself is because I couldn’t. I’ve started the process so many times, and let it go, because I didn’t want to confront what it might bring up for me. I’ve wanted a puppy for a long time, since I was a very little girl. Since... before my grandmother got me,” she said, pausing to look at me for a moment to make sure I understood the significance of that.

I did.

“I was a little girl in very desperate need of a friend, but I was isolated. So, I invented one. A fluffy, dark brown puppy, named Puppy. Puppy was my... escape. When I needed that, you know? We went for walks, and had ice cream, chased balls, all while I tried to pretend nothing horrible was happening to me.”

Holy.

Shit.

“Noah... if I’d known that, I never would have—”

“No,” she said, shaking her head as she scooped the puppy in her arms, holding it close. “I’m not triggered. That’s not what I’m saying. I was afraid I would be, but when I look at this puppy all I feel is joy. I remember those things that happened to me, yes. But they’re distant now. Just part of the fabric that makes me... me. And that little girl in me is so, so pleased right now. She has come so far, from unwanted and unloved to this. Nick, this is everything,” she said, her voice choked with emotion. “Thank you.”

“You are so welcome,” I told her, pulling her into my arms even though she was still holding that wiggly ass puppy. I kissed her forehead, then the tip of her nose, then moved lower, pressing my lips to hers. “Happy Birthday, Noah.”

“Thank you,” she whispered back. “There’s a little party later, will you be my date?”

“Absolutely. I thought you might let me be seen with you, so I brought something decent I could put on,” I told her, making her laugh. “What are you going to name him?”

She raised an eyebrow, looking at me like I was crazy. “What do you mean? He already has a name – Puppy.”

“Okay,” I chuckled. “Well, Puppy is a Labradoodle, with either not enough lab, or not enough doodle. I can’t remember. But he was rescued from an illegal breeding ring. They were letting the ones who weren’t “good enough” starve, mistreating them, all that. He needed a good home.”

Noah smiled. “Sounds familiar. How in the world did you know to get a dark brown one? Or was he the only one?”

“He wasn’t the only one, but ... don’t laugh, because this is corny as hell... I figured since you’re chocolate, and I’m chocolate...”

“We should have a chocolate baby?” she giggled. “That’s... corny, yes, but it’s also sweet as hell. And I hope you know Puppy is ours.”

I raised an eyebrow. “Now you and my dog halfway across the country?”

“Actually... no.” The grin on her face spread wider. “I accepted the position with Glow Up this morning, so... I guess I’m moving to LA.”

“Don’t play like that Noah... you’re serious?”

She nodded. “Yeah. I’m serious. The magazine already put an agency on finding me a new place, and when I peeked at my phone earlier, I had an email with options for me to review. I tried to explain about the drama with Sam, but they didn’t care. Cameron had already vouced for me.They’re excited to have me. I have no idea how I’m going to explain it to Nana.”

I’m excited to have you.

A weight I didn’t realize I’d been carrying dissipated from my shoulders. As reluctant as I’d been to allow myself to get wrapped too deeply into this thing with Noah... I was all in, at this point. Before she’d mentioned that job offer, I hadn’t even hoped she might consider LA. Since she’d told me about the job, I’d been forcing myself not to think about it too hard, not to mention it to her, not wanting it to seem like I was pressuring her, but shit.

At this point, we’d been dating for three months – three months where despite the distance, we’d forged a deep, quality connection. No, three months wasn’t a long time, but with Noah... it felt like she’d been placed directly in my path – handpicked for me.

Feelings didn’t care about how long it had been – they were what they were. But what I felt for this girl... it was “too early” to feel. So I didn’t say it, even though she deserved to hear it, and I knew better than to not say it when I had the chance.

Still... I swallowed the words.

“You’re gonna get sick of seeing me,” was what I chose to say instead, opting for playfulness over the heavy sentiment in my chest.

Noah grinned, holding that puppy close.

“Not if you get sick of seeing me first.”





#12


NOAH




I usually wasn’t timid about letting people know exactly what was on my mind. Especially when it came to people I cared about. I didn’t like misunderstandings, didn’t want to ever let a spat go on longer than it should, any of that.

But when it came to my grandmother, my tread was always careful.

This was the women who saved me, raised me, cultivated the woman I was today. The reason my love for self was so deep, and the reason I even had a self to love.

I never wanted her to be disappointed in me, never wanted to hurt her. Those dual desires led me to do something entirely cowardly.

I didn’t tell her about the job offer. Not that I was considering it, nor that I was taking it. As I sat at her kitchen table, being served from a sweet potato pie, there were movers at my place. Keri and Arizona were there, supervising, while I had a conversation I should’ve had weeks ago.

Glow Up is serious about me starting as soon as possible, so they bought out my lease and paid the deposit for my new place in LA. I’m moving. Right now.

That was what I needed to say, but I couldn’t make myself form those words. Nana sat down across from me at her weathered kitchen table, with her own slice of pie, looking... regal. Her hair was pulled into a thick goddess braid around her head – healthy, glossy gray, contrasting against the beautiful deep brown of skin I’d inherited. I’d gotten her eyes too – limitless pools of dark mahogany that always held a subtle note of curiosity.

“Noah.” She started, and my attention snapped right to her. “Are you going to sit here all day with something on your mind, or are you going to tell me?”

I swallowed hard. “I... um...”

“Let me rephrase that. Tell me.”

“I’m moving to Los Angeles.”

Nana stopped stirring the coffee cup she’d brought to the table with her, letting the spoon hang absently from her fingers as she looked up. “To be with Nick?”

I hadn’t formally introduced Nick to my grandmother yet, but I’d told her all about him. She’d seen pictures, given advice, and even commented on the proverbial “glow” I’d been wearing in the months since we’d been with each other. She knew the depth of my feelings for him, so it didn’t surprise me that she thought I was moving for him.

“For a job,” I corrected. “At a different magazine. They offered me the opportunity to be the face of their rebrand. And a permanent position, in LA.”

“Noah, baby, that’s wonderful. But what is Cameron Taylor going to think? You know I’ve told you about burning bridges...”

“No, she’s on board with it. She thinks it’s a great opportunity. Encouraged me to take it. So... I did.”

“Good for you, now... what am I missing?”

I pushed out a sigh, and then stuffed my mouth with pie to give myself a little time before answering. Nana didn’t seem too pleased with my stall tactic – she folded her arms over her chest, eyebrow raised.

“Lil’ girl, you’ve got about five seconds to—”

“I’m moving... now. Like... movers are packing up my apartment at this exact moment.”

“And you’re just now telling me this Noah?!”

“I’m sorry!”

“You ought to be!” She pushed her plate and coffee cup aside, leaning toward me. “You explain yourself, and you do it now.”

I shook my head. “I... can’t. I don’t have a good answer, Nana, and I’m sorry. If I could’ve moved without saying anything, I would’ve, if it meant I didn’t have to see you upset. I couldn’t do it.”

“And why the hell not?” Nana asked, face fixed into a frown. “You think you’ve never upset me before?”

“No, but I’ve never left you before,” I said, finally putting words to what I’d been grappling with for weeks. “I wasn’t sure how you’d react to it.”

“You know your Nana is a grown woman, right?”

“I do.”

“And you know I’m still very capable of taking care of myself?”

“I do.”

“And you know how to use a phone, and book a flight – you’re always on a plane for work, or to go see that boy, so surely you could figure out a way to keep communication open with me?”

“Of course,” I insisted. “I thought about all of that. It feels silly now, but I didn’t want you to think I was ungrateful, or selfish, for leaving.”

Nana’s expression softened, and she reached across the table for my hand. “My dear... neither selfish or ungrateful are words that ever cross my mind when it comes to you. The caring I’ve done for you – seeing you blossom into the woman in front of me is more than enough payback. Tenfold! Noah, baby, I’m not the least bit bothered by you moving on to bigger and better – I would be insulted if you didn’t. This is what I wanted, and dreamed for you. Maybe you’re not worried it’s what I think. Maybe it’s what you think.”

“Huh?”

“Selfish and ungrateful. Maybe that’s what you think about leaving, and why you felt so guilty you’re just now telling me this. Is that what it is? You feel bad about it?”

“Of course I feel bad about it,” I said. “You were done raising kids, and you were living your life. You gave that up to take care of me. And now you’re getting older, and I know you’re still doing Pilates and going to concerts and dating and all that, but... you’re going to need someone to take care of you, and I won’t be here. I thought about all that... and still took the job. Selfishly.”

“Good,” Nana insisted, squeezing my hand. “Good. Baby, you have been through hell and back. A lot of people would’ve been – through no fault of their own – paralyzed by that. You were broken, and put back together, and now you spend your time helping and encouraging and teaching other women how to put themselves together. You deserve a selfish decision about your life, Noah. Take this job, move away from this weather, and let something beautiful bloom with that big handsome man – who you’d better formally introduce me to when I come down there to see your new place. You hear me girl?”

I nodded, then pulled my hands back to wipe away the stray tears that had started down my cheeks. “I do.”

“Good. Now, did I hear you say you had movers packing up your apartment? Lil’ girl, if you don’t get out of here and go supervise those people!”

I laughed. “Arizona and Keri are over there. Arizona is moving too.”

“That don’t mean nothing to me. Get up. And here, you take this pie with you. I promised Keri I would send her a piece next time I made one.”

I wasn’t in the habit of arguing with my Nana, so I did as she asked. I did need to get back over there anyway, and a few minutes later I was loaded down with disposable containers of pie as I headed to her front door.

When I opened the door, my Nana’s very-grown-man-fine neighbor from across the street was on the other side, looking as if I’d caught him off guard.

“You okay Mr. Jenkins?” I asked, concerned. “How can I help you?”

He ran a hand over his low-cropped, salt-and-pepper hair, and glanced behind me. “Yes, I’m fine Noah. I was... uh... swinging by to say hello to Helene.”

“Noah, you go ahead on now,” I heard behind me, and glanced back to see my Nana rushing up to the door. It was then that I paid attention to what she wearing – dark skinny jeans and knee-high (flat) boots, with a thick sweater that was hanging off her shoulder – a bare shoulder!

“Okay, wait a minute now,” I said, sputtering over my words as my Nana ushered me out, and welcomed Mr. Jenkins in. “What is going on here?!”

My Nana urged Mr. Jenkins into the kitchen, and then turned to face me. “Like I said, baby. Your grandmother is going to be just fine. You keep me updated on when you’re leaving and all that.”

And then she closed the door in my face.

Once my mouth closed, I smiled. My grandmother was a beautiful woman, not even seventy yet, and serious about her health. I loved that, after her husband died nearly fifteen years ago, she was dating again.

I just hadn’t expected Mr. Jenkins to be one of her suitors – I doubted he was over forty.

“Go ahead then Nana,” I chuckled to myself as I headed to my car – something that wouldn’t be coming to LA with me. It was already sold – due to be surrendered to the seller tomorrow, but I needed to make this one last trip out to the suburbs.

In the car, I used the Bluetooth to call Nick, who I’d already told about having this conversation with Nana the night before. He’d asked me to call him after, so I was surprised when he didn’t answer. But... with the time difference, it was still early for him.

I turned my music all the way up, blasting it and singing along until I made it back to the city, back to my apartment.

When I made it up to our floor, I was surprised by how much progress had been made – the truck parked in front of the building was almost full, thanks to the movers. Keri and Arizona were sitting in the of the nearly-empty living room, drinking a bottle of wine.

“This is what you heifers call helping me move?” I teased as I lowered myself to the floor with them. “I bet y’all haven’t packed a single box.”

Arizona was first to speak up. “You aren’t the only one leaving, and that’s what we hired movers for. What I look like packing when we paid them to do it? Only thing I packed myself was my clothes, and you’d already done yours. We’re reminiscing now.”

“Yeah, since you bitches are leaving me,” Keri pouted, putting her glass down before she sprawled out on the floor, dramatic. “I’ve gotta make some new friends. Y’all suck.”

I reached over, grabbing her hand. “Or... you could move too. You can sew anywhere.”

“Not true. I have to be inspired by my surroundings,” all three of us said, in unison, and Keri let out a frustrated growl.

“It’s so not funny,” she whined. “I seriously can’t believe you’re leaving me here to freeze my ass cheeks off this winter while y’all are in perfect sunny LA.”

“Well, there’s always the chance the whole shit could burn down,” Arizona said, trying to help.

I nodded. “Or, I mean, an earthquake. The whole state could break off and become an island in the Pacific.”

“Y’all aren’t helping. How are we gonna get drunk and sing Total songs now? What am I supposed to do without the Kima and Keisha to my Pam?”

While Keri was still lamenting our move – as if she weren’t always busy as hell anyway, which meant we usually kept in touch with her over the phone – my phone started ringing in the pocket of my hoodie.

Okay, Nick’s hoodie, but still.

I pulled it out and glanced at the screen, noting that it was Nick himself calling me back, but I wasn’t about to interrupt this moment, with my friends to answer the phone. Not when he was only returning my call.

But then he called again.

And... again.

The second call was unlike him – blowing up my phone wasn’t his thing – but that third call? That was unheard of. I took Keri and Arizona’s teasing about me being “sprung” with a smile as I stood up, moving into my empty bedroom to return the call.

Nick wasn’t the one to answer the phone.

I recognized Jamie’s voice immediately as it came on the line, edged with stress. “Noah?” she asked, and I nodded as if she could see me.

“Yeah. What’s up?”

“Um...” I heard the static in the line as she pushed out a breath. “It’s about Nick.”

My heart dropped all the way down to my feet as those words worked their way through my brain, wreaking havoc on my nerves. Instantly, my lungs felt constricted, and all necessary moisture left my mouth.

Please, God...

“What happened? Is he okay?” I managed to find the fortitude from somewhere to ask those questions, even though I was afraid of the answer. I didn’t want to know the answer.

Did I want to know the answer?

“He had to go to the hospital this morning. Luckily Payton was there, to call me, but... he’s not in good shape, Noah. If you can come... you probably should.”

“I can come,” I answered quickly, already running through a list of what I needed to do to get to LA as soon as possible. “I... is he going to be okay? What happened? Can he talk, or?”

“He’s sleeping right now,” Jamie said, in a soothing tone that did nothing to calm me. “I’m waiting to talk to the doctor now, so... I can’t say, even though I wish I could. We’re going to pray for the best, okay? And I’m sure having you here would help, for when he wakes up. So...”

I nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m on my way. I’ll be there as soon as I can.”

I said that, but then as soon as the call ended, I froze. What happened next, I couldn’t say, but the next thing I knew I was sobbing in Keri’s arms while Arizona made flight arrangements for me. Two hours later, I was in the window seat on a flight to LA, trying to hold myself together.

He’d warned me about this.

Complications, hospital visits, all of it. I’d brushed him off because it was easy to do. Even though I’d googled, and read, and watched vlogs, and read online diaries, it had been so easy to tell myself, that’s not Nick. He was big, and strong, and healthy, and... human. His body was as fallible as anyone else’s, and his genetic condition further complicated that.

I’d lied to him.

I’d sworn I was prepared, sworn I could handle it, but really, I’d been pretending it would never be an issue. And now that it was, one thing was very, very clear to me.

I could not handle it.

#

This is my fault.

I sat in the hospital waiting room with Jamie, one chair between us. It was quiet, but not silent – the perfect background music for me focus in completely on my guilt.

He was here because of me.

Severe Crisis.

Another round of tears began to build as I thought about what he was going through – severe pain, so bad it was likened to post-surgical, or cancer pain – and the likely cause of the crisis – last week’s flight to Seattle, for me. I still remembered his complaints about the cold – nothing to me, but everything to him. The doctors had already told Jamie there was no specific trigger to point to, but I knew, because I couldn’t stop looking at the list in the article I’d pulled up on my phone.

Change(s) in altitude.

Pronounced change(s) in temperature.

I’d only said it out loud once, to Jamie. She’d looked at me like I was crazy, and asked me not to say it again. So, of course, I wasn’t saying it again. But that didn’t mean I could get it out of my head as we waited, and waited, and waited for the doctor to come back out of Nick’s room, and give us a prognosis.

“My son is taking care of your dog,” Jamie said, out of nowhere.

My head sprung up from staring at my screen, to look at her. The memory of the first time I’d seen her – gorgeous as hell, looking nothing like Nick (I found out later that Jamie had a different, Caucasian father, which explained it), standing at his door with a pan of peach cobbler. It was ridiculous now, thinking about how bothered I’d been. But sitting here now, in this hospital, it was clear to me that even back then, my feelings for Nick had run deep – way deeper than they had any business at the time.

Emotions don’t use calendars, though.

“Puppy?” I asked, finally responding after her eyebrow had started creeping up, probably wondering if I was crazy.

She nodded. “Yeah. Payton loves that dog, by the way. It’s the only reason he was over at Nick’s so early, before school. I won’t let him have one, since he’ll be off to college in another year. So... I guess, Puppy being there is how Nick was able to get help. It could have taken into the afternoon, the next day, for one of us to go over there.”

“Yeah,” I said, swallowing hard at the thought of Nick being alone, in paralyzing pain. “Can you tell me what happened? Because I talked to Nick last night, and he didn’t mention—”

“He wouldn’t have,” Jamie answered before I could even finish. She let out an exasperated sigh. “Crises... they have some buildup, but mostly it’s pretty sudden. He was probably having some pain the last few days, just not enough that he felt like it was worth it to tell anybody. And then this morning... much worse. Much, much worse. To God be the glory, Nick gave Payton a key, because his place is so close to his school. I keep telling him, Nick has a girlfriend now, and you’re going to walk in on something you can’t un-see,” she laughed. “But... this time, his lack of respect for his uncle’s space worked out. He found Nick on the floor.”

“Oh my God.”

“Don’t freak out.” Jamie reached over the empty chair between us, grabbing my hand. “This isn’t... normal. I mean, it is, for the disease, but it isn’t for him. The hospital is something you’ll need to get used to, but it’s only ever been this bad maybe once or twice in his life. That’s my little brother in there – I know it’s scary that he’s not okay. I’d understand if you wanted to get up and run out of here and not look back. But I hope you don’t, because Nick is head over heels for you. Not the words he used, but I can tell. You make him happy.”

“He makes me happy.”

Jamie squeezed my hand, and started to say something, but the door to Nick’s room swung open, and the doctor stepped out. “Nick Davison’s family?” he asked, even though I’m sure he already knew that, from the way Jamie and I sprung from our seats to approach him.

I caught myself though, as Jamie announced herself as Nick’s sister. It was super presumptuous of me to think I had first-hand information privileges, and I started to go back to my seat, but Jamie grabbed my arm, hauling me against her side. “And this is his fiancée. How is he?”

“He’s stable. We ruled out a stroke—”

“Stroke?!” I blurted, before I could catch myself. “There was concern about a stroke?!”

“It’s always a concern, with patients with SCD. There’s a possibility of genetic predisposition, and since Nick’s father passed of such complications, we have to make sure. Nick is very lucky to have never had one, and that doesn’t seem to the changing now. He’s stable, and sleeping comfortably, with his pain under control. I’m waiting on a go-ahead from the blood bank, but I’d like to give him a transfusion, for a boost to get him back on the right track.”

Jamie frowned. “Waiting on a go-ahead? What does that mean?”

“Nationwide blood shortage, ma’am. Not enough people donating. We have to keep enough on hand for emergency procedures, and then there’s a hierarchy. Nick doesn’t need this transfusion at this point, so—”

“What if I donated directly?” I asked, and both sets of eyes locked on me. “I got tested, for sickle cell trait, when Nick and I first started dating. When he was looking at my results, he noticed we’re the same blood type. If I donate to him directly, is that okay? Is that possible?”

The doctor nodded. “Yes, it’s absolutely possible. I’ll get someone up here to get you tested, and we’ll go from there. Okay?”

“Okay.”

The doctor shook my hand, and then hurried off to the nurse’s station. As soon as he was gone, Jamie turned to me, eyes wide.

“Noah... you know you don’t have to do this, right? I mean, please don’t get me wrong, I’m grateful, but—”

I shook my head. “It’s nothing. As much blood as I donated for free pizza in college, certainly I can do this for Nick, right?”

I could tell Jamie was trying to hold it together as she smiled, then threw her arms around my neck, pulling me into a hug. “Thank you,” she said, squeezing tight before she released me. “Do you want to go in and sit with him, now that the doctor is done?”

“I... yes. Is that okay?”

Jamie nodded. “Yeah. I’ve been in there all morning, just stepping out to make phone calls, or let the staff do what they need to do. You can go in. Just don’t wake him, let him wake up on his own.”

“Thank you.”

“No, thank you. My husband is out of town, so I can’t send him to check on his son, and make sure he’s fed. I didn’t want to leave Nick here by himself though.”

“I’ll stay,” I volunteered, even though it was already established. “I’ll wait with him, until you get back.”

Jamie escorted me into Nick’s room and then left, rushing out to answer a call from Payton. I’d meant to ask if Nick’s sleeping was induced – either purposely, or because of the painkillers they’d given him, but it didn’t matter. I would have been as quiet as I possibly could anyway.

Even knowing he was sick, I’d never, ever seen Nick as weak – something that for him, was by design. Seeing him in a hospital bed challenged that. He’d worked out a careful exercise plan, and had the tall, thick body to show for it. In that bed though, hooked to IVs, and monitors... Nick did everything to take care of himself, and manage his illness. For his body to betray him like this...

I pushed out a sigh, and then moved a chair right up beside the bed and sat down. At the very least, at least he looked peaceful, and I knew there was no pain torturing him right now. In the empty space beside him on the bed, I rested my arms, and then laid my head on top of them.

Just looking.

The first time I’d ever seen Nick’s handsome face flashed clear in my mind – in that airport, obviously frustrated about being bumped into, about spilling his coffee, but then... intrigued.

By me.

Had he known then?

I certainly hadn’t imagined, three months ago when he kissed me, that I would end up sitting in a hospital room beside him, carrying feelings so deep it made me physically hurt to see him like this.

But here I was.

I closed my eyes as the emotional toll of the morning, and the physical fatigue of the rushed flight finally hit me. My intention was to rest them for a moment, but my eyelids were so heavy I kept them lowered.

It only took a few moments for the steady beep of the monitors to lull me to sleep.

#

Skin to skin contact pulled me from my sleep.

My eyes popped open, and Nick’s face – clearly fatigued – was the first thing that met my gaze. He had his hand to my cheek, thumb stroking back and forth as he looked at me.

“Hey,” I said, grabbing his hand as I sat up, and then stood up, trying to get closer to him. A glance at the clock told me two hours had passed – way longer than the quick nap I’d intended. Out the window, the sun was starting to set.

It took a little work, but he managed to pull a smile to his face. “Hey yourself.”

“How are you feeling?” I asked, keeping my touch light as I moved my fingers up to his hair.

He shook his head. “You don’t want an answer to that, gorgeous. What are you doing here anyway? I wasn’t expecting you for like... two more days.”

“Jamie called me. She... thought you might want me here.”

“Jamie was right. Your face was definitely a welcome sight when I opened my eyes.”

Before I could respond to that, the door swung open, and Nick’s doctor came back in, with a nurse in tow. When he saw me standing by Nick’s bed, he smiled.

“Good, you didn’t change your mind about your offer. Nurse Russell is going to get some information and some samples from you, so we can get this started.”

“What offer?” Nick asked, and the doctor’s grin widened.

“Well, Mr. Davison, we want to try to give you a blood transfusion to get you feeling better, and your fiancée has offered to donate to our efforts.”

When I looked at Nick, his eyes were wide. “My wha—I mean, she did?”

“Yes sir. You’ve got a good woman here.”

Nick took my hand, eyes sparkling with amusement as he lifted it to his lips for a kiss. “I do, don’t I? Good thing I locked her down.”

I wrinkled my nose at him, and then went with the nurse to answer a million and five questions before she finally took my blood. While she did it, she explained that a typical transfusion required anywhere from six to eight units of blood, which confused me, since I would only – could only – give one.

“Oh sweetie, we got approval for the rest. Your donation helps offset how much we have to pull from the bank. Easier to get approved for five units than six.”

I shook my head about the hospital politics I didn’t understand, and just thanked God that Nick would be getting what he needed.

By the time she was done with me, Jamie had returned. After finding out I hadn’t eaten since that phone call, they both insisted on me taking a minute to myself. It took a few minutes of back and forth, but eventually I agreed. Jamie gave me a ride, stopping to grab fast food before she dropped me off at Nick’s place, taking Payton back with her.

Puppy seemed very excited to see me. It had only been a week since we first met in Seattle, and he’d been with Nick since then, to give me time to make my moving arrangements. Still, it seemed our bond was well-cemented already, which made me happy.

I needed the company.

I took a shower and then settled on the couch, only because I wanted Puppy with me, and I wasn’t sure how Nick would feel about having him in his bed. It was starting to get late back home, but I called Keri and Arizona, and then my grandmother, to check in. Once those phone calls were done, I decided to check my social media notifications, which I hadn’t done in a while thanks to that crap with Sam and his wife.

I didn’t need the drama.

After the footage of what I’d said at the Seattle event went online, she called herself giving a half-assed “explanation” and apology. I was trying my best not to judge her too harshly, because I knew it had to hurt to fight for your marriage, but seriously... did she have to try to drag me down too?

In any case, I’d been on a break from social media. I could only take so many homewrecker accusations before it started to affect my psyche, and if there was one thing I wasn’t about to give that power, it was a bunch of strangers on the internet.

But, I knew there had been a lot of messages of support as well, so it wouldn’t hurt to give those some acknowledgement. And that was exactly what I intended until I realized the influx of notifications I’d gotten as soon as I logged into Instagram weren’t because of any of that drama.

I’d been tagged in a picture.

By @lifeonfilm.

Curious as to when Nick had been posting, and what he’d posted, I tapped into the picture. It was a picture of my face, half-squished against Nick’s leg as I slept. My hair was still in that raggedy bun, even after my shower, but something about the angle and perspective made me look... beautiful.

Maybe because that’s how he saw me, he could capture it with the simple functionality of his camera phone.

His hand was in the picture too – plastic hospital bracelet on his wrist, fingers buried in my hair. That must have been the skin-to-skin contact that pulled me from my sleep. Looking at the picture, I could feel the tingle of his fingers at the nape of my neck.

I scrolled down a little to see the caption, and my heart leapt up into my throat. Out of nowhere, tears formed behind my eyes and I pressed my lids shut, trying to hold them off.

In my lap, Puppy let out a quiet bark, seemingly annoying that he couldn’t find a comfortable spot. I ran a hand over his head to settle him, and he nestled against me, calm. Then, I was able to look at my phone again, re-reading that caption that maybe didn’t mean much to anyone else, but to me... said a lot.

#relationshipgoals.

#

“We look really, really hot. Like, impossibly hot,” I said, watching the video of Nick and I making love, which was currently playing on his computer screen. I was waiting on him to show me the final product of his movie, but since he was engrossed in answering an email or something on his phone, I was entertaining myself with the rough cut of our intimate moment.

Finally, Nick glanced up from his phone, and shook his head. “That’s all you. I’m a prop in the scene, gorgeous.”

“Oh whatever. Look at your skin. Look at those abs. Look at your ass, Nick. That’s not in the final version, is it? I’m not sure I want to share.”

Beside me, he chuckled, closing that screen to open the one containing the actual movie. “I guess you’re going to have to see for yourself. You ready?”

“I’m dying.”

“Well shit, let me hurry up and hit play then,” he laughed. “Since you’re dying.”

He was still teasing me when he finally did hit play, and I shushed him so I could pay attention. At first, there was no music or anything, just seven clips in a row, about ten seconds worth of time, of me coming through the front door. One in each different outfit and hairstyle, and then the one with him, even though his face wasn’t visible. He kicked the door closed, and the beat of unfamiliar music kicked in, timed with the slamming of the door.

He’d explained the concept to me, and I thought I had it in my head, but my imagination paled in comparison to the vivid, rich visual in front of me. Somehow, he’d fixed the timing so it was like we were watching a smooth transition of me (and me and him) moving from the front door into the kitchen, but every second was from a different scene.

I could see why it had taken him so long to show me, even with me badgering him about it. This was beautiful, intricate work. It was unique, it was stunning, it was... sexy. The music he’d chosen had a heavy baseline, but was somehow still sensual and light – the perfect backdrop for the visual.

“Is this... Songbird Dani?” I asked, recognizing her clear, gorgeous tone as she sang lyrics I’d never heard before, even though I was a huge fan. “What song is this?”

“Exclusive track,” Nick said, winking at me. He didn’t offer anything further, and I wanted to press him about it, but for now, my eyes were stuck on the screen. One second I was drinking a glass of wine, with wild hair. The next I was in afro puffs, taking a shot. Then goddess braids, swigging from a bottle of water.

“This is amazing,” I told him, in awe. I couldn’t help holding my breath a little as the scenes moved into the bedroom, wondering what I was about to see. How much I was going to see. How much the world was going to see.

But, true to his word, Nick’s editing made everything look completely tasteful while still being ridiculously sexy. It was clear that his vision hadn’t been to titillate with flashes of either of our body parts. It was about intimacy – even the scenes where I was reading on my Kindle, talking on the phone, scrolling social media, and especially the self-pleasure.

I was completely transfixed.

So much so that when it was over, I immediately asked him to play again, allowing me to catch things I hadn’t the first time, and then the second, and third time.

On the fourth turn, I started paying attention to the lyrics of the “exclusive track” in the background.

Sometimes I wanna come home, and be all alone

Or be all alone, and come when I get home

Or bring you home, watch you come all alone

Or come with you, when we’re alone, once we make it home

My eyes grew wide, and I looked up at Nick as a male voice – Logan Lewis, if I wasn’t mistaken – picked up, singing the same chorus Dani had just finished.

“Nick... what is the name of this song, and how did you make this happen?”

He grinned. “This is the title track of the film. Called “Homecoming.” You like it?”

“I love it. It’s friggin’ perfect! But... how?”

“Dani is an old friend,” he explained. “I’ve shot music videos for her before, so when I needed the perfect music for this... that’s who I called. I explained the concept to her, and she wanted to be in on it. As a matter of fact, she is beasting to see this. Tossed around the idea of releasing the song... using our film as her official video for it.”

My eyes nearly bugged out of my head at that. “Are you serious?”

“Dead serious. Obviously, if you aren’t comfortable with it—”

“Are you kidding?!” I interrupted. “Nick, I want everybody to see this! Your work is phenomenal, and it should be on the biggest platform you can get. I agreed to this, so I consider it your decision. It’s your film.”

“That wouldn’t exist without you – and not just because you’re in it. I wouldn’t have even figured it out if we hadn’t talked it through. It’s ours.”

I sucked my teeth. “Okay, well we say yes. Hell yes. Send it to her now. And send it to me, so I can send it to my friends,” I laughed. “Actually – scratch that. Arizona would be too hype not to post this, and she would kill me if she found out I sent it to Keri and not to her. So... send it to Dani for now. I already know she’s going to love it.”

Nick nodded, then leaned in to plant a kiss on my temple before he started moving and clicking the mouse. “Done. And now, I need a drink of water after watching you be fine as hell on-screen.”

He started to stand up, but I quickly stopped him. “I can get it for you. Sit down.”

“Noah...” he groaned, then stood up anyway. “Chill with that.”

“Chill with what?” I asked, knowing exactly “what”. Nick had been out of the hospital for a week – after being in the hospital for four days – and I’d... probably been too much. Trying to cater to his every need, trying to wait on him hand and foot, all of which he’d firmly rejected in favor of – mostly- caring for himself.

He’d let me put my nutrition degree to good use by cooking for him, and there had been one shower that started with me insisting on him letting me wash him, and ended with him pinning me up against the shower wall, with my legs locked around his waist. Largely though, he didn’t want me babying him and I knew it, but at the same time... I kinda couldn’t help it.

I just wanted him to be okay.

“Do you need me to get it for you?” I asked, hovering behind him as he bent down to get a bottle of water from way in the back of the fridge.

When he turned around, bottle in hand, he frowned at me. “Noah... relax.”

“I am relaxed,” I insisted, watching him open the bottle. As he was lifting it to his mouth, Puppy came racing into the room, awake from his nap and ready to play. Caught off guard, Nick let the bottle slip, and water went pouring on the floor. “I can get that!” I said, rushing to the counter to grab a towel. Before I could get back to the spill, Nick had grabbed me, easily hoisting me up to put me down on the counter.

“Stop that shit.” His expression was dry as hell, and completely unamused as he stepped between my legs, basically forcing me to look at – and listen to – him. “Seriously.”

“I’m trying to help,” I whined, words that were met with a shake of his head.

“Please, please understand that I love and appreciate you for holding me down, not running away from my illness, all that. But I am a grown ass man, Noah. I don’t need you to do things for me. If I ask, that’s one thing, but... the shit makes me feel like you think I’m weak or something.”

“I do not think you’re weak!”

“You damn sure act like it though. When I’m sick, I’m sick, and that’s a whole other thing. But you can’t treat me like I’m some frail dude that needs his girl for everything.” I poked out my bottom lip, and he shook his head. “Uh-uh, put that back in. I don’t need you pouting, I need you to hear me. Okay?”

I pushed out a sigh, because I knew he was right. “Okay. Okay.”

He stepped even closer, wrapping his arms around me. Below us, Puppy was busy licking up the spilled water before he went to his bowl, in search of more. “You’re not mad at me, are you?”

“Of course not. I’d be pissed if you were treating me like I couldn’t do anything for myself, so... I get it. But... hey... you said... you “love and appreciate me”. You want to talk about that?”

He frowned. “I said that?”

“You said that,” I laughed. “Don’t play with me. Was it a slip, or... you mean that?”

Nick bit down on this bottom lip, staring at me for a second before he leaned in, pressing his forehead to mine. “Not gonna lie to you gorgeous... it was a slip... but I meant it.”

My hands took a life of their own – reaching up to grab either side of Nick’s face to pull him into a kiss after a whispered, “I love you too.”

His lips were like velvet –as good as they’d been since that first kiss in the airport. At first contact, my touch was feather-light, assessing how much I was going to give him, but then he took over, covering my mouth with his. He didn’t have to say a word before I opened up for him, accepting the sweetness of his tongue, still stained with the flavor of the bowl of fruit we’d shared earlier. Shamelessly, I slipped my hands under his tee shirt and pushed into his sturdy frame as he kissed me, and I kissed him right back.

When he finally stepped back, eyes hooded with lust, I smiled.

“You remember how after you kissed me, you told me you hope I had a great life?”

He nodded. “Yeah. I remember.”

“Well... I guess you knew what you were talking about, didn’t you?”





#NICK




“Are you awake?”

I looked away from the TV, and tilted my head up at the sound of Noah’s whispered words. After Dani hit me back saying she loved the film, and wanted to use it for her video, Noah and I had gone out to dinner to celebrate.

Afterwards, we landed at my couch, which had become our designated “spot”. I’d spread myself out, with my head propped in her lap, turned toward the football game. Noah had her legs propped up on the footstool, ignoring the game in favor of whatever she was doing on her phone, and Puppy had found himself a comfortable spot, curled up on my stomach.

We were chilling.

Noah had been using the hand that wasn’t holding her phone to rub absent circles over my chest – an action that was soothing as hell, and damn near putting me to sleep. But not quite yet.

“Nah... what’s up?” I murmured, lifting my hand to stroke her cheek.

She smiled, and then wrinkled her nose at me. “I gotta pee.”

Chuckling, I lifted myself off her legs, taking a non-too-pleased Puppy with me. He jumped down, trotting to the kitchen, where a scratching sound a few seconds later told me he was trying to get outside.

While Noah handled hers, I took Puppy outside to handle his too. By the time we came back, Noah had returned to her place on the couch, and Puppy immediately ran to her, claiming her lap as his.

“Got yourself some competition here,” she laughed, lovingly stroking his head as he settled in.

I shook my head as the scene unfolded in front of me, filling my chest with what I could only describe as... warmth. “I see how his little ass does me,” I teased, raising my hands. “But that’s aiight... I’m gonna hop in the shower anyway.”

Noah looked up from the dog, biting her lip as her eyes narrowed in mischief. “Save some hot water for me. Give me a minute, and then I’m going to join you... if that’s okay?”

“If it’s going to go like that last shower, you are more than welcome,” I told her, and she smiled.

“That’s exactly what I have in mind.”

“Well... wrap it up then,” I said, playfully circling a finger in the air before I turned to head to my room. There, I pulled my shirt off and tossed it into the hamper, then paused on my way past the dresser.

I reached for the little box contained there, pulling out the folded sheets of notebook paper. Since meeting Noah, I’d crossed off several things, adding to the ones my father had already done, and the ones I’d accomplished before her.

There was only one left.

I grabbed a pen from the cup on my desk, and came back to the list, flipping to the back of the last page. There, I crossed off, “get caught off guard by something beautiful.”

Finally, I understood.

For a long time, that one had given me trouble – how the hell did you purposely get caught off guard? I couldn’t make sense of it, so I’d put it off, chalking it up to my father simply being... deeper than I was. Just because it didn’t make sense to me, didn’t mean it wasn’t perfectly attainable to him.

But, as I finished undressing to get into the shower, I saw the picture perfectly clear. I still had a lot of life to live, still a ways to go, but I’d chosen a great story so far. I’d taken the risk – I’d kissed the stranger.

A beautiful stranger, who was adding unimaginable to value to my life – vibrancy to my story – and whose mere presence had caught me off guard.

I grinned at Noah in the mirror as she snuck up behind me, peeking around my side as she slipped her arms around my waist.

“You ready?” she asked, and I turned to her, smacking her firmly on the ass as I pulled her into me.

“Always, gorgeous.”

Mission accomplished.

- The End





I hope you enjoyed Nick and Noah’s story! Please consider leaving a review. You can also reach me via my website (www.beingmrsjones.com) on facebook (www.facebook.com/beingmrsjones) on twitter (www.twitter.com/beingmrsjones) or instagram (www.instagram.com/beingmrsjones) For notifications about new releases, sales, events, or other announcements, you can subscribe to my mailing list.





Christina C. Jones is a modern romance novelist who has penned more than 30 love stories. She has earned a reputation as a storyteller who seamlessly weaves the complexities of modern life into captivating tales of black romance.




Other titles by Christina Jones

Love and Other Things

Haunted (paranormal)

Mine Tonight (erotica)

Ante Up

Sweet Heat

Hints of Spice (Highlight Reel spinoff)

A Dash of Heat

Truth, Lies, and Consequences

The Truth – His Side, Her Side, And the Truth About Falling In Love

The Lies – The Lies We Tell About Life, Love, and Everything in Between

Friends & Lovers:

Finding Forever

Chasing Commitment

Strictly Professional:

Strictly Professional

Unfinished Business

Serendipitous Love:

A Crazy Little Thing Called Love

Didn’t Mean To Love You

Fall In Love Again

The Way Love Goes

Love You Forever

Something Like Love

Trouble:

The Trouble With Love

The Trouble With Us

The Right Kind Of Trouble

If You Can (Romantic Suspense):

Catch Me If You Can

Release Me If You Can

Save Me If You Can

Inevitable Love:

Inevitable Conclusions

Inevitable Seductions

The Wright Brothers:

Getting Schooled – Jason & Reese

Pulling Doubles – Joseph & Devyn

Bending The Rules – Justin & Toni

Connecticut Kings:

CK #1 Love in the Red Zone – Love Belvin

CK #2 Love on the Highlight Reel

CK #3 – Determining Possession

CK #4 – End Zone Love – Love Belvin





