LOVE'S SWEET MELODY


Decades: A Century of African American Romance


KIANNA ALEXANDER





	 Also by Kianna Alexander



	 	 Decades: A Journey of African American Romance

	 Love's Sweet Melody



	 	 Sweet Way to His Heart

	 Drifting to You

	 A Radiant Soul



	 	 The Roses of Ridgeway

	 Kissing the Captain

	 The Preacher's Paramour

	 Loving the Lawman

	 A Ridgeway Christmas

	 Electing to Love

	 Roses of Ridgeway Volume 1



	 	 Standalone

	 The Object of His Obsession

	 The Sweet Way Duet



	 	 	 Watch for more at Kianna Alexander’s site.





Table of Contents


Title Page

Also By Kianna Alexander

Love's Sweet Melody (Decades: A Journey of African American Romance, #5)

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Author's Note

Sign up for Kianna Alexander's Mailing List

Also By Kianna Alexander





Dedication

For those who have survived trauma, and for those who seek to guide them to the light, with love.





Chapter 1




-Her Biggest Fan-

September 1946

Seated at the baby grand piano in the center of the dining room of the Cashwell Hotel, Elizabeth Daniels worked her fingers over the keys. The daily lunch crowd had just begun to fill the tables around her, bringing the space to life with the din of many conversations. Playing through the first stanza of Pachelbel's Canon in D, she hoped to help the diners ease into their lunch break. She'd spoken to many of them in the year or so she'd been playing piano, and knew that their jobs in the city sometimes put them under a great deal of stress. Times being what they were, the black folks of Fox Den, Virginia had plenty to be concerned about.

Fox Den was located just to the southeast of the busy hub of Alexandria. The Cashwell Hotel, located on Fifth Street, lay just beyond the invisible "dividing line" in Fox Den. Though no law demanded such, folks knew the White population lived and worked on the eastern side of town, up to Fourth Street; while the Black population carried on their lives on the west side. Rarely did the two populations ever mix.

Betty, as she preferred to be called, didn't know why things were that way. It was all she'd ever known. She assumed the Whites had settled on the eastern side of town to give them easier access to the Virginia coastline and the blue waters of the Atlantic, but she had no way of knowing their motives and tried not to dwell on them.

Having committed this piece to memory, Betty let her eyes sweep around the dining room as she played. Her gaze passed over the familiar faces of regular patrons, as well as staff members. Ruby Page, the dining room manager, stood by the swinging door that led into the kitchen. Ruby, a regal woman with almond brown skin and raven black hair coiled low on her neck, looked easily a decade younger than her actual forty-seven years. Dressed in her signature flowered hat, black dress, and flat-soled leather moccasins, Ruby talked to Harold, the chef.

Betty’s friend, Claudette, flitted between the tables like a firefly, arms laden with trays of food and drink. Claudette's close-cropped curls framed her heart-shaped face, which held a smile for each customer she served. Her uniform, a black skirt, crisp white top and lacy white waist apron, were as impeccably clean as usual. As if sensing Betty's attention, Claudette looked her way and tossed her a wink.

Betty smiled as she wrapped up the piece, moving on seamlessly to Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 20 in D. minor. It was another favorite of hers, rich with movement and emotion. She had not yet memorized it, so she turned her eyes to her sheet music, perched on the carved stand built into the piano. She'd lived twenty-six years on this Earth, and for most of them, music had been her only true love. As a toddler, she'd begun plucking out her own melodies on the old, out-of-tune upright piano in the family living room. Her mother Myrtle came to notice her talent, and at the age of seven, placed Betty under the tutelage of Madame Giselle Bonhomme. Mdm. Giselle, a veteran of the Parisian music scene who had played on stage with Josephine Baker herself, had retired to Fox Den at the behest of her now-deceased American husband.

Betty let the music sweep her away. Each note burst forth from her fingers, carrying with it the passion she felt for the piece. She was so caught up in the music that she didn't notice Claudette standing by the piano until she felt the insistent jab of her finger on her shoulder.

Glancing up from the sheet music, Betty shook her head. "What it is, Claudette? I'm somewhat busy at the moment."

"Apparently too busy to notice your biggest fan, Betty."

Betty blinked, not daring to look.

"He's been watching you for a good ten minutes," Claudette chided. "Acting like he's not here isn't going to help."

A sigh passed Betty's lips as she ended the piece. Knowing Claudette intended to keep teasing her, she shifted her gaze to the corner table by the front window.

Warner Hughes.

She inhaled sharply. Not from surprise, because he sat at his usual seat, having his usual meal. It was the regard in his eyes that gave her pause.

As soon as their eyes met, she turned away.

Claudette chuckled.

Betty eyed her for a moment, then returned to shuffling through her sheet music for her next piece. "There, I've looked. Will you stop bedeviling me now?"

"Pshaw, Betty. Despite what folks say about him, he's a handsome fellow."

Now there was an undeniable fact. Betty hazarded another glance his way but kept the contact brief. It was just long enough for him to incline his head in her direction and flash her a soft smile. His presence unsettled her, made her feel somewhat giddy and nervous. I’m too old for school-girl infatuations. Telling herself did little to slow her racing heart. Blowing out another breath, she tried to choose her next piece. Much to her chagrin, she could not get the image of him out of her mind. His bronze skinned handsomeness haunted her inner vision like a specter.

Claudette nudged her. "He's not wrapped too tight, I hear. Damn shame. Man like that could keep a girl young forever."

She gave up on choosing from the sheet music, as Claudette's prodding made the choice impossible. Settling on another piece she'd committed to memory, Betty fingered the opening notes of Beethoven's Fur Elise. "Get on with you, Claudette. Stop judging the man. He's come here to eat like everybody else."

"Nonsense. He's come here to stare at you." Claudette winked and flitted away, a broad grin on her face.

Betty continued playing, pretending as if their conversation hadn't happened. The pensive, reflective tone of the piece mirrored the myriad emotions she felt when she thought of Warner. She'd heard the whispers about him. In a town as small as Fox Den, it would have been impossible not to. She'd known Warner since high school but hadn't interacted with him much in the months since he'd returned from the European front. Folks around town said he was...changed. That war had done him in, not in terms of physical injury, but with wounds of the mind. She admitted he seemed quieter, more reflective since he'd come home. Who knew what horrors he'd seen, or what misfortune had been visited on him while he served? She felt she had no right to judge him. He fought on behalf of a country that still treated him as less than a man, and she couldn't even imagine the indignity.

She closed her eyes, the notes and sound permeated every fiber of her being. The melody, lilting and beautiful, flowed from her mind to her fingertips, to her appreciative ears, then straight through to her heart. She could only imagine the experience that had inspired the composer to create something so moving. What had been troubling Beethoven? Had he been contemplating the state of the world? Or had it been something deeper, more personal that inspired his famous composition? Perhaps he’d been expressing his devotion to someone special. Had that devotion been returned, or was his heart burdened by unrequited love?

A rustling sound caught her attention, and she opened her eyes to see a bronze hand, placing a dollar bill in the glass jar atop her piano.

Her senses rose as a faint, woodsy fragrance filled her nostrils.

Her gaze traveled up the muscled, blue shirt-clad arm, over the strong shoulder, to the Adonis-like face of Warner Hughes.





-Protective Instincts-

WARNER SMILED IN BETTY's direction. Her wide-eyed stare gave away her surprise at his approach.

As he moved his hand away from the glass where he'd placed her tip and slipped it back into his pocket, she spoke.

"Thank you." The two words were uttered soft, shy and just above a whisper.

Her endearing manner broadened his smile. "You're welcome. You've made my day so much better with your lovely music, it's well deserved."

The apples of her cheeks flushed with color. "Goodness." Her attention seemed to dart around the room for a moment before returning to him. "So you are having a good day, I trust?"

He shrugged. "I've been working on a complicated repair most of the morning, and still have to go back to that old Buick after lunch." The ’41 Buick Roadmaster needed a new steering column, and the replacement process had turned out to be far more complicated than he would have preferred. He shifted his weight. "But coming here for lunch, and your fine piano playing, has greatly improved my mood."

A soft smile lifted the corners of her mouth.

He watched her for a few moments, taking in her beauty. The petite frame, draped in the navy dress accented with pink trim, sat primly perched on the piano bench. Her hair, a riot of soft, dark curls, was held back on one side by the pink silk flower pinned there. Her face was a like a work of art; brown skin looked as supple as satin, accented by high cheekbones and full, pink-tinted lips. Her sparkling cocoa eyes were framed with long, wispy lashes.

She cleared her throat.

The sound snapped him out of his own mind and back to reality. Realizing he'd been standing there, gawking at her for too long, he took a step back. "I'd best go finish my food. Good day, Elizabeth."

She wiggled her fingers in his direction.

He turned, took a step toward his table.

The blistering sound of a hard impact, followed by shattering glass, cut through the air.

His stomach squeezed, beads of sweat peppering his forehead.

His brain screamed at him.

They're coming!

Save her!

In a single swift motion, he spun back toward her and used his arm to swoop her off the piano bench. As they landed with a thump on the floor, he used his body to shield hers and covered his ears against any more atrocious sounds that might follow. He closed his eyes, waited until it was safe again.

The steady, commanding voice of his sergeant echoed through his mind, reminding him of what to do.

Be alert for approaching enemies.

Ascertain their number and position.

Maintain cover until the all clear is given.

Only silence followed.

Slowly, he opened his eyes. He raised his upper body for a better view and assessed his surroundings.

To his right, Claudette, squatted over a mess of broken dishes. He watched for a moment while she used a cloth napkin to gather up jagged shards of china dishes and drinking glasses.

Looking away from her to glance around the room, he saw the many sets of curious eyes looking back at him.

He turned his attention to Betty, still pinned beneath him. Her breath came in forceful spurts, and her eyes held a mixture of confusion and embarrassment.

Lifting himself from her, he stood and helped her back onto the piano bench. Opening his sandpaper-dry mouth, he said, "Please forgive me." Before she could respond, he returned to his table. Casting an eye on the unfinished remnants of his lunch, he felt his jaw tighten. How could I let this happen? And why did I even bother to approach her?

He pulled out his wallet and placed the bills to cover his food on the table.

Stomach be damned, he had to get out of there. Had to get away from their stares, from their looks of confusion and pity.

Just as he turned to leave, a woman burst in through the door, sobbing. The other diners shifted their focus to her, and while he was glad for the reprieve, that didn't lessen his concern for the young lady. He took stock of her tear-stained face, recognizing her as one of the other waitresses.

Betty rose from the piano bench and hustled past him, with the manager following close behind her.

He watched Betty reach out to grasp her friend's trembling hand. "Agnes? Agnes, what's happened?"

Drawing a deep breath, as if to calm herself, Agnes answered. "A man just stole my handbag." She lifted the broken remnants of the strap for all to see.

Goodness. He felt bad for Agnes, and it concerned him that there was a thief skulking around their little town. Didn't the poor fool know he'd get a lot more money if he robbed the white folks on the other side of Fourth Street?

Whatever the case, he couldn't let Betty walk home alone, not with such dangerous characters running around. He watched her talk with the other two women, keeping his distance for now.

He wouldn't interrupt their conversation, lest he solidify himself in Betty's mind as both crazy and rude.

So he stood back, waiting for the right time to make his approach.

Page





Chapter 2




-An Honorable Man-

Betty snaked her arm around Agnes' waist. "Come on. Let's move over to the piano so folks can get by." They were drawing a lot of attention to themselves, and Betty thought impeding foot traffic in and out of the place would only make it worse. She sat on her piano bench, making room for Agnes to sit next to her.

Ruby stood, resting her arm on the glossy black top of the instrument. "Heavens, Agnes. You're telling me you were robbed, right out in broad daylight?"

Agnes nodded, brushing away a tear with the back of her hand. "Yes. Thank goodness I'd already stashed most of my week's pay at home. I doubt I'll ever get my things back."

Betty asked, "Was there anything valuable in there?"

"A few dollars, a pair of earrings, my makeup."

"Doesn't sound too bad," Ruby remarked. "Are you sure you want to stay and work your shift?"

"Yes. I need to distract myself." Agnes gave her a weak little smile. "Plus, I need to earn back that twelve dollars."

Betty gave her a squeeze, hoping to comfort her. "You're not wearing your grandmother's cameo."

Agnes absently stroked her fingertips over the bare hollow of her throat. "It's funny. I was walking down the street, mentally kicking myself for forgetting to put it on, when the man grabbed me. Turns out it's lucky I left it at home."

Ruby sighed. "What's this world coming too? Grown men, out terrorizing ladies in the middle of the day." She shook her head. "Are you absolutely sure you want to work today, Agnes?"

"Absolutely." She stood, giving Ruby a quick hug. "Let me call the police and file a report, but as soon as I'm done with that, I'm ready to work."

"You're a real pistol." Ruby winked at her, and the two walked away, headed for the kitchen.

Betty sighed. It pained her to think of what Agnes must have gone through. She looked to the window, wondering if the culprit was anywhere nearby. What did he look like? Would he strike again?

Warner sidled up to the piano then, silently assessing her for a moment before speaking. "I'm sorry about...earlier."

She noted his reluctance to elaborate, but they both knew what he referred to. "No harm done."

He seemed to relax a bit. Catching her gaze, he asked, "Aren't you about to leave for the day?"

"Yes." Her shift most weekdays started at nine and ended at one after the lunch rush died down.

"I, um, couldn't help overhearing what happened to the other waitress, and, I was wondering..." He swallowed hard.

"Wondering what?" Curiosity drove her to prod him to finish his sentence.

"I thought...you might...I'd like to walk you home." He tugged at the collar of the robin's egg blue work shirt he wore. "If that's amenable."

She blinked a few times, mulling over the question. It was true that she wasn't terribly keen on walking alone, in light of Agnes' ordeal.

"If nothing else, you know my reflexes are quick and my protective instincts are strong." He gave her a cute little half smile.

A giggle escaped her mouth just before her hand flew up to cover it. "I certainly can't argue with that."

As if sensing and feeding off her amusement, he gave her a full smile, showing off his pearly white teeth. "Then you'll let me walk with you?"

She thought his offer over for a moment. It was generous of him to make such a gesture, and she saw no reason she shouldn't accept. I've known Warner for years. I'd certainly feel safer walking with him than with taking my chances alone out there.

She looked up at him, standing there, noting the way he looked down at the floor, and the subtle way he shifted his weight from side to side. She didn't have to look around to know the gossips were watching; their scrutiny felt as palpable and annoying as an itchy wool sweater. She took a deep breath. "Yes, Warner. I appreciate the offer, and I'm happy to walk home with you."

He perked right up. "Wonderful."

"Just let me get my things together and punch my time card." She started gathering up her sheet music, sliding the sheaves of paper into a stack.

"I'll wait for you by the door." He made his way toward the exit.

Retrieving the leather portfolio she kept in the small drawer built into her piano bench, she placed the sheet music in it and tucked it back into the drawer beneath her. She brushed a hand over the skirt of her dress to disperse the wrinkles, then walked down the short corridor past the kitchen and restrooms to the employee break room.

In the break room, Ruby was seated at her desk in the far corner, writing. Glancing up from her work, she stifled a yawn with her palm. "You headed out, Betty?"

"Yes, Ruby." She approached the metal timecard holder affixed to the walk, took out her card and inserted it into the slot of the timeclock. The old machine was notoriously fickle, and one never knew when it would roar to life. After she waited several beats for the punch, she asked, "Do you really think Agnes is all right?"

Ruby shrugged. "You know Agnes. She's not one to tell us her life story. She says she's fine, so I've got to take her word for it."

The machine groaned and jumped as it impressed the time on her card. She tucked it back into its slot. "I hope she's being honest."

"Don't worry, honey. Me and the rest of the staff will be looking out for her." Ruby tucked her ink pen into the base of her bun. "What about you? You gonna be alright walking by yourself?"

She blushed. "I'm... not going to be by myself."

Ruby's perfectly groomed brow lifted. "Oh?"

"Warner offered to walk me home." She looked away from Ruby's surprised face as she got her brown wool coat and matching purse off the coat rack in the corner near the time clock.

"So he was concerned for you, then. That explains why he was hovering while we were talking to Agnes." Ruby leaned forward over her desk. "An honorable man, that one. No surprise, though. Takes an honorable man to fight for a country that don't give him the same respect as a scarecrow."

Thinking about Ruby's words for a moment, Betty slipped into her coat. "I'd better be going. He's waiting for me."

"See you tomorrow, honey."

"Bye, Ruby." Draping the strap of her purse over her wool-shrouded shoulder, she left the break room and returned to the front. She could see Warner, leaning against the wall by the front door, looking out through the glass pane. She stopped a moment to watch him from the hallway, just out of sight. He was just as handsome in profile as he was head-on. The strong line of his bearded jaw was set as if he were in deep thought. She wondered what he might be thinking about. Was it something pleasant? Or something too terrible to say aloud?

Remembering that they needed to get going, she walked over to him.

He straightened as she approached, offering his bent arm. "Ready?"

Nodding, she slipped her arm into his. Ignoring the gasps and the whispers of the diners, she walked through the door he held open for her without a backward glance.





-The House on Royal Lane-

THE COOL AFTERNOON air grazed Warner's face as he walked arm in arm with Betty. Having her near him, with the breeze bringing the fresh floral scent of her perfume to his nose, made the day seem much brighter.

"You're still living in the same place, right?" He thought she did but wanted to be sure before they went too far from the Cashwell.

She nodded. "Yep. Still on Royal Lane."

He recalled the place, about two blocks over from his own modest home on Aristocrat Way. When his parents had moved down to North Carolina to take care of his father's grandparents, they'd left Warner there to look after his childhood home. Now it seemed his parents would remain in Raleigh, and the house now belonged to him.

They walked in companionable silence down Fourth Street, going around the corner at the intersection with Raynor Road. The King's Court neighborhood, where they both lived, was a good five blocks away.

"Let's go this way." She pointed toward the next intersection, Raynor and Martin Avenue.

He knew it would be just a hair faster than his preferred route, a more scenic trip past Carlton Park. Still, this was his first opportunity to spend any time alone with her, and he certainly didn't want to spend it arguing. "If you insist."

Silence fell between them as they waited to cross the street at Martin Avenue. As she stepped down from the curb, he heard the approaching roar of an engine and swiveled his head in the direction of the sound. His years spent performing complex repairs on both private vehicles and on Uncle Sam's tank fleet. The experience had made it easy for him to identify the vehicle by sound.

It's a Monobloc. Eight cylinders. Probably a Cadillac.

"There's a car coming." He said the words aloud but wasn't sure if she heard him.

Moments later, a fast-moving black Cadillac swung around the corner. Instinct kicked in again, and he extended his arm in front of Betty to halt her steps.

The Caddy raced by, cutting through the chilly wind and sweeping her curls to one side of her head as it passed. He kept his arm there for a few tense seconds as the car flew by. Once he made sure the way was clear, he dropped his arm.

She blew out a breath once they were safely on the other side of the road. "My. That's the second time today you've protected me."

He wasn't sure the first time counted since she hadn't been in any real danger, but he nodded and accepted her statement. "That man was driving much too fast. I'm just glad I was with you."

"Here I was worried about the purse snatcher. It seems you're aware of every danger that could befall a girl walking the streets of Fox Den."

He pressed his hand against her shoulder to gently shift her path, to keep her heel from getting caught in the opening of a manhole cover. "I suppose you could say that."

She smiled shook her head. "Tell me, Warner. Did anything exciting happen at the Lion's Lair after I left?"

He shrugged. "Not much of anything interesting that I can recall." She'd graduated one year ahead of him from Fox Den Central High- home of the Fighting Lions. The basketball team made it to the regional finals, but got pushed out by East Richmond Prep before they could make it to state."

"I was away at Howard."

He nodded. "I'd heard you went away to school but didn't know where, or what you studied."

"Mama and Dad insisted I go there to study education. They said it was the 'respectable career choice' for me." She sighed, looking off into the distance. "Music has always been the thing I loved most, so they agreed to let me minor in classical piano."

"Did you ever use your teaching certificate?"

She nodded. "Sure. Went over to Alexandria and taught music in the elementary school. Lasted one year before I couldn't stand it any longer. "

"Surely it wasn't the children that did you in?" Though they hadn't spent very much time together as classmates, he'd never known Betty to be impatient or unreasonable. If anything, she seemed like someone who would enjoy the company of youngsters.

"No, of course not. The little ones were a delight, for the most part. Our children just aren't given the same educational opportunities as the white children, and I just couldn't abide it."

"Sounds familiar." He knew immediately what she meant. He'd experienced similar prejudice firsthand in the military. White units were given far better uniforms, lodging, and equipment than Black soldiers, yet all were expected to be equally willing to give their lives in battle.

"What about you? You didn't enlist right after graduation, did you?"

"No." He shook his head. "Spent a couple of years working side by side with my father at Culbertson's Body Shop. He was able to get me a job there since he was a supervisor. When my parents went down to North Carolina to see about my grandparents, he left his job."

"And you didn't stay on at Culbertson's?"

He released a bitter chuckle. "Old man Culbertson wasn't too fond of me. He only hired me on as a favor to my father. As soon as my father was gone, he let me go." His memories of the months following losing his job were a blur of moving around northeast Virginia, boarding and taking rooms wherever he could. "I was a bit of a wanderer for a while after that. Even went down to North Carolina with the family. But with my parents, grandparents, and two uncles already living in a two-bedroom house, it got crowded, mighty fast."

She looked his way, her head cocked to the side as if she were analyzing what he said. "I can understand that. It was four girls to a room in my dormitory at Howard the first year, and by the end of the first semester I was fit to be tied."

He chuckled, marveling at her ability to take his unpleasant memories and soften them with humor, simply by sharing a bit of her own experience.

As they reached Royal Lane, he slowed his steps a bit. He realized he didn't want their walk to be over; didn't want to have to leave the pleasure of her company. No one in town had held any meaningful conversation with him, at least not since he'd returned from the front. Were they afraid to speak to him, or did they simply think him too simple or unstable to carry on a conversation? He didn't know. Still, walking and talking with her had been a refreshing break from the solitude and silence he'd been locked in since he came back to Fox Den.

At times, he wondered if he should have gone back to North Carolina, where his family was. Would it be better to live in cramped quarters with family, than to live alone here, where no one seemed to recognize his humanity anymore?

She stopped by the whitewashed gate, gesturing to the split level brick house. "We're here."

He gave her a small smile. "See? I got you home safe, just like I said I would."

"You did. Thank you, Warner." Her eyes held his for a moment. "I enjoyed our time together."

"So did I." He reached for her hand, grasping it loosely. Lifting it, he pressed his lips against the delicate skin of the back of her hand. He let her hand go, looking up to her face in time to see the color flash through her cheeks.

"I'll see you around." The words tumbled out in a hasty whisper as she unlatched the gate and slipped through it.

The gate swung shut behind her, and he watched her dash toward the house, wondering what had spooked her.

When he saw her mother, standing in the screen door and looking none too pleased, he understood. With a wave in Mrs. Daniels' direction, he turned and departed.

Page





Chapter 3




-One Thing Leads to Another-

Betty stopped on the porch and turned her head to watch Warner hustle away from the gate. She dared not stare too long after him, not under her mother's withering gaze.

Her mother stood in the doorway, arms folded over her bosom, brow creased like a wrinkled shirt. "Mm Hmm." It was the sound Myrtle Carter Daniels made when she'd decided she was on to something.

"Hello, Mama. How was your day?" Betty stood on the porch, her eyes fixed on the doorway.

Myrtle didn't move. "What were you doing with Wilbur Hughes' boy?"

She sighed. Mama has never been one to beat around the bush. "Would you mind letting me come in the house, Mama? It's a little chilly outside."

"Hmph." She stepped aside. "But don't think you ain't gonna answer my question, Missy."

"Of course." Betty sidestepped around her mother and entered the house, inhaling the thick as the scent of cinnamon and apples emanating from the kitchen. "Ooh. You're making apple pie."

"Your daddy asked me to make a couple." She came inside behind her daughter, shutting and locking the door. "Now back to what I asked you before. What were you doing with the Hughes boy?"

It almost amused her the way her mother insisted on referring to Warner as a "boy." She knew it was just something older folks tended to do; think of everyone younger than them as children. But as she pictured him in her mind's eye, the tall, dark, sturdy frame; the handsome face with the chiseled jawline and rich, dark eyes, and the scent of woodsy cologne and a hint of motor oil rolling off his body, she was certain that no matter what her Mama thought, Warner Hughes wasn't anybody's boy. No, honey. That's a man.

"Elizabeth Ann Daniels. Don't you hear me asking you a question?" Her mother's sharp words cut through her musings.

"Sorry, Mama. Warner was eating lunch at the hotel today and he offered to escort me home." That was the quickest way she could think of to answer her mother's question- the truth. She went to the coat closet, opening the door and shrugging out of her wool coat.

"Oh, come now. He eats there all the time and he's never walked you home before."

After hanging her coat and closing the door, Betty looked her mother's way. The white housedress she wore, emblazoned with orange and yellow flowers, was covered by the blue and white checked apron she favored. Her short, graying brown hair was still in the pink curlers she'd been wearing this morning, and a few streaks of flour lined her round face.

Betty leaned down to kiss her mother's flower streaked cheek. "Do you remember Agnes?"

She frowned. "The one who waits tables there? What does she have to do with all this?"

“Well, Agnes was robbed on the way into work today. There's a purse-snatcher out there, and Warner was simply doing the gentlemanly thing by offering to see me home."

"I suppose." The tightness in her face relaxed a bit. "Did Agnes make a police report?"

She nodded. "Ruby took her back to the office so she could call them, so she's at least started the process."

"Good." Myrtle walked toward the kitchen. "Isn't that something? Folks running around in broad daylight, snatching purses. It's a shame and a disgrace, I tell you."

She followed her mother into the kitchen, inhaling the heavenly scent of the baking pies. "How long until they're ready, Mama?"

She leaned down, looking through the glass window in the oven door. "About another ten minutes or so. But don't try to change the subject, Elizabeth."

She frowned. "I wasn't trying to change—"

"At any rate, I don't think I like the idea of you spending time with Warner."

How did we get back to this? They'd gone from discussing Warner, Agnes’ ordeal to the apple pies, and now back to Warner. "He's walked me home one time, Mama. I don't think that qualifies as 'spending time'." She eased into a chair at the kitchen table, careful not to disturb her mother's red tablecloth or the ceramic basket of brightly colored fruit that centered the table.

Myrtle took her usual seat across the table. "I know how it is with you young folks. You start chatting on a regular basis, then you start sparking and courting. After that, well, one thing leads to another, as they say."

She wanted to roll her eyes but knew better than to disrespect her mother. "I hear you, Mama. But there's nothing like that happening between me and Warner."

Leaning back in her chart, Myrtle released a short laugh.

A bit startled, she cocked a brow and waited to see what her mother would say next.

"Oh, for goodness sakes, Elizabeth. I said almost the same words to my father about a boy I was spending time with."

"And what happened to that boy?"

She laughed again. "We got married and had you!"

Heavens. I walked right into that trap. Shaking her head, she released a little chuckle in response to her mother's story. "Point taken, Mama." What could she say? She was just grateful her mother hadn't asked her any really probing questions about how she felt about Warner. She wasn't one to lie, least of all to her parents, and she was certain her mother would not approve of her answers to such queries.

Finally getting over her mirth, Myrtle stifled a yawn with her hand. "All I'm saying is, watch yourself when it comes to Warner. He's been over there, fighting in a war. No telling what horrible things he's seen and experienced."

"I can't even imagine."

"If you don't take my advice and stay away from him, you won't have to imagine." She leaned in. "When a man comes back from a war, having seen all the awful things men will do to each other in the name of victory, it changes him. All that gore and death can rot a man's mind. Eat him alive, from the inside out. You stay up under him, and you're going to find out."

She bristled at her mother's words, and the ominous tone. "Mama."

"Don't 'Mama' me. I know what I'm talking about. There's a psychiatrists office not too far from your father, and he and that doctor have lunch together sometimes. The stories that shrink has heard from those boys would turn you white as these kitchen walls."

Betty glanced around, swallowed the lump in her throat.

"Goodness, I'm tired. Elizabeth, be a dear and watch over the pies for me. Take them out in about five minutes." She rose from her seat, stretching her arms above her head. "I'm going to lay down for a bit."

"I'll take care of it, Mama."

"Thank you." She stifled another yawn as she shuffled out of the room, calling back, "Save some pie for your father."

"Yes, ma'am." She shifted her gaze to the oven, already anticipating the taste of the homemade pies.

Later, after she'd taken the two pies out and set them on the counter to cool, she helped herself to a nice big slice. Seated at the table in the silence of the kitchen, she thought back to her conversation with Warner. He seemed fine to her, despite other people's insistence that he was somehow "broken."

He hadn't spoken about his military service, but she'd assumed it was because they'd reached her house before they could get around to it. But was it some other reason?

Could the handsome man who'd offered her safety be in need of rescue himself?





-Bitter Memories-

THE FOLLOWING DAY, Warner returned to the Cashwell to eat lunch in the dining room. While he treated his palate to the delights of the chef's delicious cuisine, his ears savored the soft, lilting melodies drifting from the piano. Between bites of savory garlic and rosemary infused chicken, he stole glances at Betty. Her graceful fingertips flowed effortlessly over the keys as she played. Her eyes were shut, her full lips slightly parted, and her upper body swayed as she moved in time with the music.

It was apparent that the music had a hold on her, and he felt much the same way. Everything about her body language conveyed her love of playing piano, and she infused that love into every piece she played. He didn't know how the other people who patronized the dining room felt. But when he heard Betty play, he felt light and free. Her music brought him a sense of peace, one he thought had abandoned him during the dark days of the Ardennes campaign.

Once his plate had been cleared away and he'd paid his bill, he lingered at his table. He knew the busboy would be along to clean up, but he didn't want to miss a single note of Betty's playing. He'd embarrassed himself by sweeping her onto the ground yesterday, but she'd been gracious enough not to bring it up during their walk.

Her shift ended at two. He knew this because he rarely had lunch before one. Mornings were long for him, especially on days when Darnell, his assistant, didn't come in. He glanced at his watch. Five minutes till two. He stood, brushed the front of his work shirt to ensure there were no crumbs there, and walked to the piano.

She looked up as he approached, a soft smile on her face. "Hello, Warner."

"Hello." He tucked his hands into his pockets. "Has the purse snatcher been caught yet?"

She shook her head. "Agnes says the police promised to look into it, but nothing so far."

"I see." He scratched his chin. "Would you let me escort you home again, then?"

She looked thoughtful for a moment. "I see no harm in that."

He smiled at her affirmative, yet non-committal answer. "Good. I'll wait for you by the door again."

He watched her rise from the bench and walk down the corridor to the back room. As he'd promised, he waited as he’d done the previous day.

Minutes later, she was walking toward him again. Today's ensemble, a fitted black skirt with a lace-trimmed white blouse, made her look as demure as a librarian. Yet nothing could detract from the shapely figure beneath. He gave her his arm and led her outside.

While they walked, he kept an eye out for speeding cars and anything else that might endanger her. After all, that was why he'd been escorting her; to keep her safe. He cared about her, and if he were honest with himself, his growing feelings for her were the motivation behind his need to protect her.

"You never told me about your service?" Her words cut into his thoughts.

He shrugged. "I didn't think you'd be interested."

"Of course, I am. What was your training like?"

He scratched his chin with his free hand, delving into his memories. "Let's see. I did my basic training at Fort Jackson, South Carolina in the fall of '41. As a matter of fact, I was getting ready to complete basic when Pearl Harbor happened."

"Heavens." She cringed. "What was that like?"

"It didn't have any immediate effect on our training. But I think as soon as the news reports came in, all of us new recruits knew it wasn't peacetime anymore."

She glanced at him, her eyes wide. "What happened after that?"

"We all got to come home for two weeks for Exodus, the Christmas holiday, after finishing basic. Then, I went back to Jackson in January '42 for thirteen weeks of training to become a wheeled vehicle mechanic. Military Occupational Specialty 91 Bravo."

"Hmm. I suppose that came naturally, didn't it?"

He nodded. "Yep. After all those years working on cars with my father, I had no problem with the training. I'd already cut my teeth on cars of every make and model, and there's not a whole lot of difference between that and working on jeeps and tanks."

"Your training sounds like it was quite interesting."

"It was."

"Did you put it to good use?"

They were coming onto Royal Lane then, and the question made him stop in his tracks.

He was back on that hill in France, watching the remnants of a battered tank being towed toward him. The outer shell, pierced through by a German panzer anti-tank gun, was splattered with the blood and innards of what had previously been a fellow soldier. As the cadre approached, another soldier spoke.

"The inside is much worse."

His vision swam, his head throbbed. His heart pounded in his chest like Art Blakely on the drums.

He struggled to get his breath.

The whole world began to sway, and he leaned against a poplar tree for support.



"Goodness, Warner. Are you alright?" She placed a cool hand alongside his suddenly feverish jaw.

He lay his hand over hers, managed a nod. Somehow, the comfort of her touch drew him away from the carnage in his mind, back to the present. He shut his eyes against the painful memories, then opened them again.

"I'm here. Everything is fine."

Her voice soothed him almost as much as her touch. He glanced around, let his senses remind him of where he was. He saw the nearly empty street, the houses with their tidy lawns and low slung fences. He felt the cool autumn air pass over his skin, smelled the scent of loamy earth it carried with it. He heard the calls of the birds, high up in the branches of the poplar he leaned against.

Taking a deep breath, he straightened. "I'm alright."

She looked into his eyes, her hand still against his jaw. "Are you sure?"

He nodded, gently reaching up to ease her hand away. "Yes. Thank you, Betty."

She looked confused. "For what?"

"For your compassion." He kissed her hand, as he had the day before, then released it. "Let's get you home before we draw your mother's ire again."

A small giggle escaped her throat. "We certainly don't want that."

They walked the rest of the way in silence. Inside, he cursed the memories of the horror he'd seen overseas. More than that, he cursed his own weakness when it came to dealing with them. He was a man, damn it all. He had to learn to control his reactions, had to get a grip on his feelings. He couldn't bear the idea of going the rest of his life being ensnared by the pain of the past. He had to move forward. He only wished he knew how.

Something told him that Betty could play a role in his healing. She'd already shown herself intuitive, compassionate, and willing to listen. But how could he be with her and not inflict his pain on her? Was it really fair to expect her to care about him, considering how damaged he was on the inside?

Logic told him to put aside such thoughts. But logic rarely won when in situations like this, and his desire to be in her company could not be denied.

When he left Betty at the gate, he looked into her eyes. He didn't dare lean in, despite the burning urge to taste her lips. She was special, and he would treat her with the respect she deserved.

As their gazes locked, he saw the emotion swimming in the liquid pools of her eyes. God, she's so beautiful.

Aware that her mother was probably watching from inside, he executed a crisp bow. "I'll see you around, Betty."

She smiled. "Yes. Goodbye, Warner. And thank you for walking with me."

"The pleasure was all mine." He touched his temple in salute.

He stood by the gate, watched a few moments to see her enter the house. Then he turned and walked away.

Page





Chapter 4




-Will That Be Enough? -

Shortly after ten the next morning, Betty walked down the hall toward the rear of the Cashwell, to the employee lounge. She had twenty minutes for a coffee break, and she planned to spend the time away from the guests.

When she pushed through the swinging door, she saw Claudette already perched on the cushioned sofa. Clad in her uniform of a dark skirt, white blouse and white apron, she had one long, bronze leg tossed over the other. "Hey, Betty. Break time?"

She nodded, then flopped down on the sofa next to her friend. She sighed as her bottom sank into the soft seat. "Thank heavens. My rear end could use a respite from that hard piano bench."

"You really ought to put a cushion on that thing."

"I know, but I keep forgetting to ask Ruby. I'll ask her today before I leave."

"If you remember," Claudette chided.

Betty sighed, ran a hand over her hair. "What's going on with you? How's your half of the apartment fund looking?"

"Things are about the same as ever." She shrugged. "Nothing exciting going on. As for the apartment fund, if I keep putting away half my tips like I've been doing, I should have my half in about eight months, I guess."

That made her sigh all over again. "I've been saving as much as I can from my paycheck, after helping my parents with the bills. I think I can have my half saved in six months."

She smiled. "See? We're making progress. The real question is, how much are your parents going to fuss when they find out we're going to rent an apartment together in Alexandria?"

"I don't even want to think about it." She laced her fingers together, placing her hands in her lap. "I know it will involve some long speech about how it's not proper for unmarried women to live away from home, and how the city isn't a safe place for a girl my age."

"It's not as if we're going to New York." Claudette smirked. "My parents already know I want to move out, and I don't think they'll object to us being roommates. It's better than either of us living on our own."

"How are Joe and Fanny, anyway?"

Claudette chuckled. "You know my parents. They're still carrying on like teenagers. Yet another reason I need to move out."

"How long have they been married now?"

Her eyes rolled upward, as if she were accessing the data from the deeper regions of her memory. "Thirty years? Yeah, that sounds right."

"That's good. Mine have been together about the same." She tapped her chin with her index finger. "They don't do too much trysting in front of me, but I know they're still in love."

"You're lucky. I catch my mom and pop kissing and giggling together all the time." She rolled her eyes.

Betty smiled as an image of Warner's handsome face appeared in her mind. She didn't know why all this talk about their parent's marriage had conjured him up. "It's kind of cute when you think about it."

Claudette's eyes narrowed. "No it's not. What are you really thinking about?"

She could feel the heat rising into her face. "Come off of it, Claudette."

Claudette folded her arms over her chest, staring pointedly at her, and waited.

She blew out a breath. "Fine, if you're going to press me. Warner walked me home again yesterday, and..."

"Twice in one week? What's going on with the two of you?"

"You sound like Mama. Nothing's going on. But they hadn't caught the purse snatcher yet, so he offered to walk with me again. I don't see the harm in it."

Claudette moved her hips forward on the cushion. "Your mama had something to say about Warner walking you home?"

She nodded. "Yes. She went on and on about how if I keep spending time with him, one thing will lead to another and then—" she noticed her friend was perched on the edge of her seat. "Heavens, Claudette, don't fall off."

"Sorry." She scooted back, but continued staring intently.

"Anyway, she said I shouldn't get involved with him because the boys coming back from the war ain't wrapped tight and I'm just setting myself up for problems." She threw up her hands. "I don't know why she felt the need to say all that."

"Who knows? Both our mothers are straight-shooters and neither of them is afraid to tell you how she feels...no matter how little sense it makes." She tugged at the hem of her apron. "The real question is, how did your mother pick up on the attraction between you two so quickly?"

Betty frowned. "Wait a minute now. What are you talking about?"

With a sidelong glance, Claudette uttered a brief laugh. "Betty. Honey, I'm not blind, and neither is anybody else working here. We all know you and Warner like each other."

Betty swallowed, hoping to break up the lump of nervousness sitting in her throat. It didn't work. "I...um...is it really that easy to tell?"

"Yes!" Claudette gave her shoulder a squeeze. "Some things just can't be hidden, no matter how hard we try. But with you two, it's getting so I'm worried we aren't going to be moving in together."

"Oh, Claudette. I'm not going to abandon our plans for the sake of a man, least of all one I hardly know."

"You say that now."

Did her friend really believe she'd toss her aside that way? And if the attraction between Warner and I is really that obvious, could there be some truth to what Mama said? "We already agreed that the only way we'd break our deal is if one of us gets married, and I don't have any plans of doing that."

"What have you got against marriage? You just told me you think it's cute that my parents are still smooching after thirty years."

"I know what I said, and it's true." She laced and unlaced her fingers as she spoke. "Still, the idea of marriage just seems so...confining. I mean, when my parents married, my mother gave up her dreams of dancing on Broadway. And for what? To keep house, do the wash, and take care of my father's every need."

Claudette shrugged. "It is what it is. My mother wanted to travel the world, too. She planned on photographing rare animals and writing a book about them before she met my father."

"See what I mean? Why is it always the woman who must give up her ambitions? How many men do you know who've sacrificed their aspirations for a woman?"

She looked thoughtful for a moment. "None."

"Precisely." She shook her head slowly. "I just can't see myself doing that. Setting aside everything I've worked for, just to spend the rest of my days bent over a hot stove or an ironing board." The very thought of such a life made her cringe. She loved her mother dearly, and appreciated everything she did for the family. Still, deep inside, she knew marriage would mean giving up music.

"So you're not willing to leave your job here, if you had a good man who wanted you home?"

"No." She didn't hesitate. "My job here isn't glamorous, and it's certainly not going to make me rich. But I love music, and I love sharing it with others. Any man who truly loves me wouldn't deny me that joy."

Claudette stood, stretched. "Seems like you're not settling for anything less than a truly progressive fellow. At any rate, it's up to you to decide what you want, Betty." She walked toward the front, then stopped in the doorway. "I know you love music. But your parents aren't going to be around forever. Do you really want music to be the only love in your life?"

Leaving the question hanging in the air, Claudette disappeared into the corridor, letting the door swing shut behind her.





-The Folly of Felicity-

FRIDAY MORNING FOUND Warner lying on the concrete floor of his workshop. Above him, a black 1942 Cadillac Sixty Special sat on the lift. With a rolled-up towel beneath his head, he raised his arms, using his wrench to reassemble the undercarriage he'd spent most of the previous day dismantling.

To his immediate right stood Darnell, his part-time assistant. He had the driver's side door propped open as he worked to replace the panel. At twenty, he was still a little wet behind the ears in terms of maturity. Warner had been willing to set that aside when he'd hired him. It turned out to be pretty good fit; Darnell's intelligence and enthusiasm for automobiles made him a quick study.

"How's it going down there, boss man?"

Warner swiveled his head to the left and saw Darnell stooped down, peering underneath the car. He shook his head. "It's going fine, Darnell. Be finished in a few minutes."

"Good to hear." Darnell stood, and began tinkering on the door panel again. "Listen. Sam Connor next door said you had a little...episode at the Cashwell the other day. Says somebody told him you tackled the girl who plays the piano there. What gives?"

Warner rolled his eyes. "You sound like one of the hens sitting in Gloria's Beauty Shop."

"It's not gossip, Warner. I'm just concerned. Making sure you're all right, that's all."

He wasn't totally convinced of that. But he did consider Darnell a friend. Other than calls to his parents in North Carolina and his very recent chats with Betty, he didn't talk to folks about his life and his concerns. For that to happen, they'd have to actually acknowledge him as a cognizant adult. "I heard a loud noise. My training kicked in, and in taking evasive measures, I also took protective measures with Miss Daniels. Nothing more to it than that."

"I'm not buying that line. There were other people in there, I know it. You didn't leap to anyone else's aid. Why Miss Daniels?"

He frowned. "She was the closest to me. I'd just approached the piano so we were occupying the same physical space."

There was a long silence. Warner guess Darnell was thinking over what he'd said. Wanting to get the undercarriage back in place before lunch rolled around, Warner kept working.

When Darnell finally spoke again, the next thing out of his mouth came as a surprise. "I saw Felicity."

All the air left Warner's lungs in a whoosh. Why the hell would Darnell even mention her name? Lord knows it's she's the last thing I want to talk about.

"I went into Alexandria last weekend to see my sister and nieces," he continued. "And there she was. Coming out of store downtown, draped over the arm of some brother with a conk. That stuff was so slick and so shiny, if he laid down you could ice skate on it."

The joke made him snicker, but the momentary humor of it did little to lessen the pain he felt when he thought of his duplicitous ex. "I don't want to talk about her."

"I know, I know. I'm just saying. Getting mixed up with a woman hasn't worked out well for you in the past."

Tightening the last fitting, Warner slid out from beneath the car and stood. While he walked to the table to put down his tools and towel the grease off his hands, his traitorous mind dredged up the memories of Felicity. Her kiss that had fired his blood, her smile that had hidden her true nature. She’d been no more loyal to him than Brutus had been to Julius Caesar. With his back still turned to Darnell, he spoke. "You know, she promised me she'd wait for me. Stood down there at the bus station, seeing me off to training, with the tears standing in her eyes, and promised she'd wait for me. By the time I got back from Europe, she'd packed up and left." He shook his head. "Thought a raggedy little note about how she'd had "chemistry and sparks" with somebody else would get her off the hook." He squeezed the towel between his hands so tight his knuckles hurt, then tossed it aside.

"I'm sorry, boss man. I shouldn't have brought her up." Darnell sounded reticent.

He turned, making eye contact with the younger man. "I'm glad you realize that. So don't mention her name ever again."

He shook his head. "I won't."

"And for heaven's sake, don't compare her to a woman like Betty. She's nothing like that."

Darnell's expression changed. "How do you know that?"

"I've known Betty for years. Went to high school with her." He left out that she'd been a year ahead of him. "Besides, folks in this town have either avoided me or pitied me since I got back from the front. But she's not like that. She treats me like a person. Talks to me as if she knows I'm not some invalid or crazy person."

He nodded slowly. "I see."

"You should see her. She's a beauty. All this dark hair; big, sparkling eyes. Plays the piano so sweet you'd think an angel was working those keys." He could see her in his mind's eye. A delicate blossom of femininity, gifted and graceful.

"Sounds to me like she's already gotten under your skin."

Warner didn't deny Darnell's assessment. "At any rate, I know what I'm doing. Walking her home was simply the gentlemanly thing to do, considering the circumstances."

Darnell's brow furrowed. "You say you walked her home?"

"Twice."

"Hmm. Sam didn't tell me that."

He laughed. "Sam don't know everything." He gave a brief recounting of Agnes' ordeal with the brazen purse snatcher. "Like I said, I was being a gentleman."

"So, if some boogeyman had jumped out of the bushes, you were going to protect the fair Ms. Daniels?"

He placed his hand over his heart. "With my very life."

Darnell chuckled. "Okay then, boss man. I see you've got it under control."

"Of course I do."

"Did they ever catch the guy?"

He nodded. "Caught him yesterday evening, I think. Saw it in the paper."

"So what's gonna be your excuse to escort her now?"

Walking over to Darnell, Warner gave him a jab in the shoulder. "Hush, Darnell. I don't need an excuse. I'll just keep walking her as long as she lets me."

"Until she gets tired of you, you mean."

That earned him another jab.

"Ow!" Darnell howled in mock pain, but his smile gave away his amusement. "Stop abusing me. You know I'm like the younger brother you never had."

"Ain't never wanted a little brother," he teased as he walked away.

He went into the house to grab two bottles of cold soda, and when he returned, passed one to Darnell. "How much longer you gonna be on that door panel?"

Catching his can, he rolled it over his forehead. "Not much longer if you come and help me."

Taking a swig of his soda, he set the bottle down on the table and strode over to aid Darnell with the door panel.

The panel had been partially crushed during an accident. According to the driver, he'd left the door open for a moment, only to have another passing cyclist crash into the door. It was sheer luck that the cyclist hadn't been badly hurt and that he hadn't been traveling fast enough to knock the whole door off its hinges. Warner had noticed an uptick in cars being damaged since he'd been home. Bicycles, which used to be the domain of children, were now being used by some adults as their primary mode of transportation.

Working in tandem, they pried off the old panel, which Darnell hauled away to the scrap heap. With the interior workings exposed, they checked over the various fittings and hardware, removing the built up dust and particulates left over from the collapse of the old panel. They also replaced a few damaged pegs. With that done, they carefully attached the new panel, which Warner had picked up himself from the Cadillac dealership in Alexandria.

Admiring the completed job, Darnell let out a whistle. "Look at that. Good as new." He tipped an imaginary hat in Warner's direction. "What would you do without me, boss man?"

Warner simply shook his head.

He might be a pain in the rear end, but I'd be lost without him.

Page





Chapter 5




-Such Good Company-

Saturday brought an increased lunch crowd to the Cashwell's dining room, as always. As Betty played through Beethoven's Sonata No. 1, she glanced around at the filled tables. There wasn't an empty seat in the place. The crowd of diners always thickened on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, and she supposed the place would be packed on Sunday as well. The place was only open for brunch on Sundays, and Betty didn't work then.

The increased crowd had dual benefits for Betty. First, the glass on top of the piano was already brimming with tips, and she still had forty-five minutes or so left in her shift. Second, having so many people present in the dining room gave her some much-needed distraction.

Warner was there, seated at his regular table near the door. Her traitorous eyes kept shifting in his direction, drinking in the welcome sight of him. She knew she couldn't spend her shift staring at him, especially not when she needed to make use of her sheet music. Glancing around at the other patrons gave her a bit of a break from admiring Warner's handsomeness.

What's happening to me? I can't stop thinking about him.

She dared not entertain the notion that her mother's warning had been well-founded. Mama's talk of "one thing leading to another" had seemed far-fetched. And yet, Betty had to face the fact that she cared for Warner in a way she'd never cared for any other man. That meant something, though she wasn't entirely sure what. All she knew was she'd begun to look forward to seeing him in the dining room each day, and felt remiss when he didn't come in. He hadn't come in yesterday, and she'd been caught off guard by how disappointed she'd been.

As the end of her shift grew near, she worked her way through a few shorter pieces of music that she'd committed to memory. The crowd began to wind down as people left the dining room to go about the rest of their day. She tried not to look at him, tried to keep her focus on her music, so she wouldn't flub any notes. Yet, in her periphery, she saw him, lingering behind as the crowd grew thinner and thinner. Not only was he still sitting there, as if he had nowhere else he'd rather be, but he was watching her. She could feel his eyes on her like a caress.

Her skin prickled, her cheeks warmed.

Focus, Betty. She swallowed the lump of nerves in her throat and kept playing.

She continued playing even when Warner was the last patron who remained. Ruby stuck her head out from the corridor and signaled, letting Betty know her shift had ended. Playing the last few notes of the piece she'd started, Betty sat back from the piano and flexed her fingers to stretch them. She'd discovered early on that constant playing without the benefit of stretching and hand exercises left her fingers and wrist so stiff she could barely move them.

She heard the sound of applause and reflexively turned in the very direction she'd been avoiding for the past hour.

A smiling Warner sat by his table, clapping. "Brava.'

Unable to fight off her grin, she hid it behind her hand as she gathered her tips and went down the corridor to the employee lounge.

Claudette was there, sliding her card into the time clock. "Hey, Betty."

"Working the dinner shift today?"

Claudette nodded, still holding her card in the slot. "Tips are better on dinner shift at the end of the week."

"I'm heading home, myself." She gestured to the ancient time clock. "That is if the old dinosaur ever decides to come back to life."

Rolling her eyes, Claudette groused, "One of these days I'm gonna convince Ruby to replace this thing."

She chuckled. "Ruby agrees with us. It's Mr. and Mrs. Cashwell who don't want to invest in a new time clock."

Both women sighed. Betty plucked her timecard from the holder, determined to be ready when the fickle machinery decided to act right.

Moments later, the machine rattled and groaned as it finally impressed the time on Claudette's card.

"You better hurry before the beast goes back to sleep." Claudette stepped aside and let Betty use the machine. Thankfully, it rattled again, stamping Betty's card without too much fuss.

Their timecards put away, Claudette leaned toward Betty and said softly, "He's out there, isn't he?"

Feeling her cheeks warm again, Betty nodded.

Claudette waggled her eyebrows. "He's waiting to walk you home again, even though everybody knows they caught the purse snatcher."

She said nothing, shifting her gaze elsewhere.

"What are you gonna say? Are you gonna let him walk with you again?" Claudette's eyes sparkled with mischief. "You know you want to."

She gave her friend a playful jab in the shoulder. "Yes, nosy. I am going to walk with him again. It's the least I can do since he's been waiting all this time for my shift to end."

"Good." Giggling, Claudette started toward the kitchen. "Just don't do anything I wouldn't do, Betty."

"You've left me a lot of options, Claudette."

With a wink, she disappeared around the doorframe.

Betty could only shake her head at her friend's shenanigans as she shrugged into her wool coat and grabbed her purse. Drawing a deep breath, she returned to the dining room.

Warner stood waiting by the door again, and his smile made her heart flutter in her chest like a bluebird's wings. He usually came in his work clothes, but today, he'd donned a crisp white shirt that revealed the strength of his upper body, along well fitting black slacks and black leather loafers.

He extended his arm. "Shall we?"

She slipped her arm through, linking it with his. "Yes, we shall."

As they moved down the sidewalk in the cool September air, he said, "I was worried you might say no, since they've caught the culprit."

She gave him a lingering glance. "Now, why would I say no to being in such good company?" Being with him seemed natural, right.

A grin spread across his face. "I'm glad you feel that way. Because I can't recall the last time I've enjoyed being with someone as much as I enjoy being with you."

There was that pesky heat again, rising up her neck and into her face, threatening to turn her as red as a tomato. "Do you fancy going by the schoolyard? It's been ages since I've been there."

"Same here." He ran his free hand over his chin. "Sure, why not? Let's go see how the old place is holding up."

She was pleased he'd said yes. She could feel her heart opening to him. Her feelings for him seemed to be growing exponentially, and she had no idea how to stop it from happening. I'm not sure I want to stop it.

Falling in love with Warner was easy, and beautiful. No one else had ever made her feel this way. I wonder if he feels it, too?





-That Big Hill Over There-

WARNER TOOK A LEISURELY PACE with his steps as they walked down Miramar Avenue. He could see the school building over through the barren branches of the trees. "We're getting close."

"I remember coming this way when I used to walk to school. I'd start out on Royal, walk a block over to Draper, then cut through between the Johnsons' and the Nelsons' houses and wind up on Miramar." Her wistful gaze seemed locked on old brick building looming before them.

"I think most of us coming from King's Court used that same shortcut." He recalled many mornings, goofing around with his classmates as they walked through the narrow alley between those family residences. They'd been good-natured about it, and, on occasion, offered the high schoolers a cool drink on hot days.

They entered the schoolyard and stopped in front of the building. The area was quiet, as no students or staff were around on a Saturday.

"Good Old Fox Den Central High." She tilted her head up as if looking toward the roof. "Not much has changed around here, huh?"

He shook his head. "Nope." At least not with the school. He looked at her and took in the many ways she'd changed. She'd grown into her womanhood with grace, beauty, and poise. He tried not to stare too long at her figure because he didn't want her to think him uncouth. But there was no ignoring the curves of her body beneath the form-fitting burgundy dress. The matching high heels she wore looked terribly uncomfortable for long walks but were a definite compliment to her dress. Her fresh face, bearing only a bit of reddish lipstick, was framed by the loose wavy curls of her hair.

Does she know I'm falling for her? Can she tell? She struck him as an intuitive person. Could she tell that he wanted to be in her company as much as possible? Her outer beauty knew no match, as far as he was concerned. But it was her inner beauty- her compassion, kindness, and grace, that truly captured his heart.

She looked his way. "Let's go by the greenhouse in the back. There's a bench there, where we could sit and talk."

He nodded in agreement, and let her lead him by the arm to the rear of the school building.

The old greenhouse stood silently near the back end of campus. For years, horticulture classes had been held inside it, so students could cultivate and study plants of various types. They moved just beyond the green glass structure to the concrete bench nearby.

She sat down, and he followed suit.

"So." She looked into his eyes, hesitating a moment before speaking again. "I'd really like to hear about your service...if you feel comfortable talking about it."

The question surprised him so much he almost chuckled, but seeing the serious expression on her face, he tamped down the urge. "You really want to know about that?"

"I do. That is if you're willing to share it with me." She swept her hand through her curls. "To be honest, I'm curious about your experience. I've never had the opportunity to hear from a real-life soldier."

He wondered if she knew what she was getting herself into with her line of questioning. With a shrug, he asked, "What do you want to know?"

"As much as you're willing to tell me."

He scratched his chin, feeling the prickly stubble beneath his fingertips. "I think I already told you about my basic and career training. Anyway, after that, I ended up getting shipped to the AFRTC up at Fort Knox in the spring of '42, and..."

She held up her hand. "I'm sorry, you went to the A...F... what?"

A short laugh escaped his throat. "Sorry. Sometimes I forget that civilians don't know all the Army acronyms. AFRTC. The Armored Force Replacement Training Center."

She nodded. "Now I understand."

"So they ship me to Kentucky because by now the US is involved in the war, whether we like it or not. I was only there a few weeks before they shipped me off again, this time to Camp Claiborne down in Louisiana, to join up with the 761st as a filler."

"Wow. The deep, deep south." She blew out a breath. "What was that like?"

He shook his head, feeling the frown descend over his face. "I hated every minute of it."

Her neatly groomed brow hitched up. "Tough training?"

He waved her off. "We were soldiers. Training wasn't nothing new to us, and I didn't mind putting in the work when it came to that. We had sense enough to know we had to be battle ready."

She watched him, saying nothing, but the questions in her eyes were numerous.

"The white soldiers had barracks. We had tents in a mudhole of a field. That place was a snake-infested swampland. Spent many nights fighting off snakes and rats from my rations instead of sleeping."

Her face twisted in horror. "Rats! LORD."

"That ain't the worst of it. When we wanted a break from that mudhole, we could hardly leave camp, even when we had free time. Whites in the next town over were so hateful towards us. They didn't care about our uniforms, didn't care we were about to go to the front and put our lives on the line for their freedoms. They only cared that we were black. So going into town meant risking taking a beating, being kidnapped, or God knows what."

She placed a hand over her heart. "Heavens. I don't know whether to be sad or outraged. "

"I'd say both is fair."

"Please tell me things got better, at least a little bit when you went overseas."

He shrugged. "The Brits weren't as bad as our own people towards us. But some of them didn’t care much for blacks, either, and they made it clear." She sighed.

"I can remember the big hill up there. We were in France, coming up between two towns called Monyenvic and Vic-sur-Sielle. It was November. Chilly wind blowing across us. The whole convoy went out there, with my group, Service Company, bringing up the rear." He felt a chill crawl over him, and he ran his palms up and down his arms. "So damn cold you could see your breath out there."

Her back went ramrod straight, but she remained silent.

"Coming into the red zone our unit met up with a German panzer unit. Started taking heavy fire. Service company hung back, because we're the relief crew. But we could hear that fire coming in. Anti-tank ammo singing through the air, sounded like the hounds of hell howling." He could hear the sound all over again. The memories were fresh, like an open wound in his mind. He cringed. "Heard men screaming."

She put her hand on his shoulder. "Warner, you don't have to go on if..."

But he couldn't stop. Now that he'd begun the telling, the words just kept falling out of his mouth. "Saw tanks go over that hill whole, with some of the bravest men you could imagine inside of 'em. Saw the same tanks towed back over that hill, full of holes. Some missing their roofs." His heart thudded in his chest, his breathing becoming constricted like an icy fist had a grip on his lungs.

"Warner—"

"That first tank they brought back. Pulled it over to our camp as dusk, told us to clean it up and get it ready to go back in service." He felt his eyes go wide. "The inside of that tank...I ain't never seen the likes of that in my life. Four men were in that tank when it crested the hill. Two got out. The other two were shredded, just like paper. What was left of them was splattered all over the inside of that tank..."

His mouth went dry, and the words stopped flowing.

The shivering began.

She cried out. "Dear God..."

He saw himself donning his work gloves, working with his team to clear the carnage from the tank.

He felt himself falling. The whole world had begun to sway around him.

"Warner!" He heard Betty call his name, but was powerless to respond.

Heart racing. Breath shallow. Mind reeling.

Everything went black.

Page





Chapter 6




-Open Your Eyes-

A squeal of shock left Betty's throat as Warner leaned off the side of the concrete bench. She grabbed his arm, tried to steady him, but didn't have the strength to keep him upright. As he landed in the brown grass next to the bench, she tried to steady her breathing. While it pained her to see him this way, she knew it could have been much worse if he'd been alone. At least I've kept him from getting seriously injured.

Sitting down in the grass beside him, she lifted his upper body and cradled his head in her lap. Leaning in, she placed her ear near his nose. She felt the warmth of his breath on her cheek before she heard the sound, and immediately she released a sigh. He's fainted. She'd never witnessed anyone pass out before, and she'd initially been afraid he'd had a heart attack or something of that nature.

She sat upright, using her fingertips to drum along his jawline. She knew she needed to wake him up, but didn't want to startle him. In his condition, he likely couldn't handle anything too exciting. "Warner?" She called his name softly. "Warner, are you alright?"

At first, he didn't respond. She drew a deep breath, trying not to worry. "Open your eyes, Warner." She willed herself to be calm. He would probably come around soon. If he didn't, she would simply go get him some help.

Time seemed to slow as she sat there in the grass, attempting to rouse him. Something occurred to her then. It was unconventional, and maybe a little improper, but it was worth a try. So, leaning in, she placed a very soft, chaste kiss on his lips, to see if that would wake him.

A moment later, he began to stir. His eyes fluttered open, and he looked up at her.

His tone reflecting the confusion on his face, he said, "Betty? What happened?"

"You fainted. We were speaking about the war—" She felt his body tense. "You don't have to tell me anything more. I'm so sorry to have upset you."

He blinked a few times. "I...No. I'm sorry. I should be able to tell my story without having such a strong reaction." He shimmied around a bit, finally moving into a sitting position next to her. "I'm alright. This isn't your fault."

She closed her eyes against her rising guilt. "But what you've gone through...I had no right to make you relive it."

He grasped her hand in his own. "You didn't make me do anything. You simply asked questions. I chose to answer."

Feeling the warmth of his hand wrapped around her own brought a smile to her face, in spite of the myriad feelings tumbling around inside of her.

"Now, I must ask you something."

She looked into his dark eyes. "What is it, Warner?"

"Why did you stay when you saw me..." he paused as if searching for the correct words, "in distress?"

"Goodness, I couldn't just leave you here alone. You needed someone to be with you, and I was here."

He appeared amazed.

She smiled. "My senior year here, I raised a rose bush for extra credit in horticulture. Folks had given up on that thing. It was a scraggly looking thing, no blooms, and hardly any buds. I kept watering it, fertilizing it, all of that. Because I knew, one day, it would show its true beauty. And it finally did bloom, and I got my extra credit."

His brow furrowed. "What does that have to do with why you stayed?"

She answered truthfully, and without hesitation. "Why wouldn't I stay? You needed me. Why wouldn't I give you at least as much courtesy as I gave that old rose bush? You don't just give up on something that's special. You stay."

Something in his expression changed, and at that very moment, she sensed a change in the air between them.

"You think I'm special." He stated it, rather than asking.

Unable to tear her eyes away from his intense gaze, she nodded. "Yes, Warner. I do."

He raised his free hand to her jaw, cupping her face.

She shuddered as his fingertips slipped over the curve of her cheek, then around to the back of her neck before becoming embedded in her hair. With a gentle tug, he brought her near.

"You're the special one, Betty. And I think I've fallen in love with you." As the last whispered syllable left his lips, he kissed her.

Her heart thudded in her chest. She closed her eyes, giving herself over to her feelings, and to the man sitting beside her in the grass.

A series of soft pecks followed the initial kiss. His lips brushed against hers, then over her cheeks, her chin, and the tip of her nose. A soft sigh left her throat as he pulled away.

"You don't have to say it back."

She nodded. There were so many things tumbling around in her mind. And while she was fairly certain she'd come to love him, saying it out loud would make it too real, too binding.

"It's getting late. We'd better get you home." He moved his hand, retracing the path he'd taken earlier with his fingers.

Her eyes popped open." Heavens what time is it?"

"Almost four o'clock."

She felt her shoulders tighten up. He's right. She could clearly picture her mother, standing in the doorway with her arms folded over her chest, frowning as she looked up and down Royal Lane for any sign of her daughter.

He stood first, then helped her to her feet. After taking a few moments to brush the dried grass off her skirt and straighten her clothes, she asked, "Do I look right? As in, the way I did when we left the hotel?"

He chuckled. "Yes."

"Good. the last thing I need is to show up at home looking disheveled when I'm already this late." She shook her head. Mama and Papa may have already said their goodbyes to my virtue by now, but I don't need to show up looking like it's really gone.

He offered his arm, and she took it. They started walking again, this time taking a straighter way to her house. Sure enough, she saw her parents sitting on the porch as they approached.

"Oh boy. Here comes a lecture." She rolled her eyes, careful to do so in his direction, so her parents wouldn't see.

"Sorry I kept you. Hopefully, they won't make too much out of it."

She gave him a wry half-smile. "Unfortunately, my parents are experts at making too much out of things. They parted ways at the fence, and she saw him off with a quick wave before opening the gate and slipping inside.

Before she'd made it two steps, Randall Daniels stood from his seat on the porch swing. "Elizabeth Ann Daniels. Where have you been, missy?"

"Hello, Papa. Mama."

Myrtle said nothing, simply watched her daughter warily.

Betty sighed. "To answer your question, I was with Warner. He walked me home from work."

Randall scoffed. "Well. That would be a fine answer had you not gotten off work two hours ago. It's no more than a fifteen-minute walk, Betty."

Climbing up onto the porch, she stood before her father, taking in the tense set of his face. "I know. We walked over to the school to chat. We were talking, and he seemed to be having some...trouble. I stayed long enough to make sure he was alright, then I came home."

He frowned. "What kind of trouble?"

She didn't know how to describe what she'd seen happen to Warner, so she did the best she could. "It was a sort of...attack, I suppose. He was talking about some of the things he did in the service, and..."

Myrtle pursed her lips. "I told you, Betty. The darkness inside that boy was bound to come out sometime."

Randall groaned. "Why, Betty. Why are you encouraging him?"

"Papa, I couldn't just leave him there alone. He needed help. And you raised me to be compassionate, remember?"

Randall's gaze softened a bit. "I know you're an adult in the eyes of the law, Betty. But I'm your father. I can't help myself when it comes to looking out for you and your reputation." He placed his hands on her shoulders and gave them a squeeze. "Think of how it will look if you keep spending time with him."

She eased around her father's big body, toward the screen door. "Respectfully, Papa, what others think is not my concern."

"Maybe not. But you need to consider this. If you get involved with him, it could mean spending the rest of your life as his nursemaid." He looked at her pointedly. "Is that what you want, Betty?"

She didn't answer, because she didn't know what to say. Instead, she opened the door and went inside the house.





-Portrait of a Man-

WARNER TRUDGED OUT of his kitchen through the back door the following morning, after his simple breakfast of coffee, toast, and a fried egg. Stifling a yawn, he crossed his backyard to his workshop.

Inside the shop, he eyed the old Buick, still sitting up on the stacked cinderblocks he used to raise it above ground. Once he'd slipped his dark blue coveralls over his tee shirt and jeans, he returned to the car's cabin to continue removing the steering column. He wished his assistant, Darnell, were there to help. But Darnell had taken the morning off to go to Alexandria and see his sister and her family. As a compromise, he'd promised to stop on the way to work and bring lunch for the both of them.

Then again, considering his sour mood, Darnell's absence worked in his favor. He could brood in peace, without being questioned or castigated about it, as Darnell tended to do. While he used his tools to disconnect the various wires and fittings, he tried to put his embarrassment out of his mind, along with thoughts of the enchanting Betty.

She saw him at his weakest. She'd been there to witness him giving in to the darkness buried deep inside. How could she ever come to care about him after what she'd seen? The portrait of a man, broken and crippled by gruesome memories.

Just by sitting with her and opening his heart, he'd shown her the very thing he tried to keep hidden from everyone else.

War had changed him. Rendered him speechless. Haunted his dreams with things too revolting to speak of.

He set his pliers aside for a moment and used the back of his hand to wipe the sweat from his brow. Introspection and mechanics’ work did not go together. If he were going to do this job right, he needed to concentrate. So he tried to push away his thoughts of Betty.

Best to just forget about her now, before you make an even bigger fool of yourself.

He left the car for a moment to turn on the old farmer's radio he kept in the shop. Tweaking the controls, he searched for something suitable to listen to while he worked. He stopped at one station, listening to the voice of announcer Dick Joy as he introduced an episode of The Adventures of Sam Spade, Detective. Satisfied, Warner turned up the volume and returned to the car.

By the time he went to reassemble the repaired steering column, the show had ended, and the station was now playing a big band concert. The music filling the workshop reminded him of nights at Camp Claiborne, when he and the other boys of the 751st would huddle around the old farm radio and listen to music. They'd sing, dance and carry on late into the night, as a substitute for going into town to visit a dance hall. The memories of that, unlike those of being on the European front, brought a smile to his face.

The workshop door slid open, and Darnell entered, clutching two brown paper bags. "Afternoon, boss man. Picked up lunch on the way, just like I promised."

As the aroma of the food wafted toward Warner's nose, his stomach rumbled in anticipation. "Great. I'm starved. Haven't had a bite since breakfast." A glance at his wristwatch showed it was half-past one. I've been tinkering with this steering column for almost two hours.

"So, where are we eating?"

He set the tools aside and walked over to the table to turn off the radio and wipe his hands on a shop towel. "Let's go to the house. We can eat on the back porch."

"Sounds good." Darnell turned and walked out with the bags of food.

Warner followed, and after they'd both washed up at the kitchen sink, they returned to the back porch. There were two old wooden chairs there, sitting to either side of small card table. They sat down, and Darnell handed Warner his bag of food. "How's it going with that steering column, boss man? Did you finish it?"

"Just about." He unfolded the top of the bag, taking out the contents. There was a chilled bottle of root beer, a paper-wrapped sandwich stuffed with ham and swiss, and a small packet of potato chips. "I see you went by the Cashwell for lunch, eh?"

"I wasn't about to miss the Monday take- away lunch special. Besides, everybody knows they've got the best lunch in town for the money." He unwrapped his sandwich and took a bite. "At least on OUR side of town."

He knew Darnell was right. There weren't many eateries on the west side of Fox Den. And no matter how good the food might be east of Fourth Street, most black folks had sense enough not to venture in that direction. "That's true."

"You know, Betty was asking after you when I went in there to pick up the food." His tone held a mixture of humor and mischief.

He sighed. "Did she?"

"Sure did. She seemed disappointed that you didn't come in today." Darnell winked.

She probably was disappointed with me. Just not for the reasons Darnell thinks. "I doubt that's the case."

"Why not? She's sweet on you, from what I can tell. When I was going out, I saw her talking to the waitress. You know how women do, giggling and carrying on. There's something there, man."

He blew out a breath. Had she been making fun of him with her friends? "You would think that. But you don't know what happened between us over the weekend"

Crunching on chips, Darnell insisted, "Then why don't you tell me about it?"

So, between bites of his food, Warner recounted what had happened when he and Betty were in the schoolyard—at least, what he could remember of it. "I passed out. Just fell right off the bench. Next thing I know, I'm coming to on the ground and she's holding my head in her lap."

Darnell immediately started waggling his eyebrows. "Well, maybe something happened that's not so bad, champ."

He rolled his eyes. "She kissed me. I felt her kiss me, square on the lips. I think that's what woke me. But that's all that happened while I was out, I'm sure of it. Betty's not that kind of girl." He paused. "I did kiss her, though. Afterward. As a way of thanking her for staying with me while I was out of it."

"She let you kiss her, so what's the problem?"

"I just didn't want her to see me that way," he groused. "How is she going to think of me as a real man, when I faltered so easily?"

Darnell twisted his lips. "Come on, Warner. Remember a few months ago, when you started having an episode in the workshop? I had to pull you out from underneath that '41 Buick Super. Did I ever tease you about that? Or call you less than a man?"

He shook his head. "No. But it's different with women."

"How's that?"

"It just is. Every woman wants a man who's strong, who can be counted on to protect her if she needs it." Crumpling up the rubbish from his lunch, he stuffed it in the bag before crushing it between his two hands. "She needs to feel she can depend on me."

Darnell stood, collecting their trash. "And who's to say she can't? I believe you're a whole man, Warner. I also believe you can and will protect her, anytime she might need you." He opened the back door. "And if she's as smart as you say she is, she knows that." He disappeared into the house to toss the trash.

Warner sat on the porch, looking out at the endless blue of the afternoon sky.

Page





Chapter 7




-What it All Means-

Walking along Robertson Drive Tuesday morning, Betty pulled her coat a bit tighter around her body. As the end of September neared, the chill in the air had increased, and she was glad she'd pulled on her black leather gloves along with the coat before she'd left the house.

She glanced at the door of her father's dental practice as she passed by. The familiar sight of "Dr. R. Daniels, DDS," engraved on the glass panel made her smile. She'd spent many days as a young girl, tooling around the office, or playing on the floor near his desk while he'd gone through his patient files. Yet, that wasn't her destination today.

Four doors down from her father's practice, she came to the place she sought. The chill of the metal door handle permeated her gloves as she grasped it and pulled the door open, stepping inside.

The interior of the office of Dr. Calvin Freeman felt warm and welcoming, so much so that Betty pulled off her gloves and tucked them into the pocket of her coat. The reception area, well heated and decorated in soothing shades of blue, green, and white, was quiet. The brown leather couches in the waiting area were empty, the magazines arranged on the short-legged mahogany coffee table appeared untouched.

The only person present in the room was the receptionist. Seated behind a small mahogany desk in the corner of the room, the woman appeared to be busy with some kind of paperwork.

Betty moved toward the desk. "Excuse me."

The woman, whose rich dark skin glowed beneath a crown of curly black hair, smiled as she looked up from her papers. "Good Morning. You must be Elizabeth."

She nodded. "I am. I know I'm a bit early, so I'll wait if—"

"No need. Dr. Freeman said to bring you to his office as soon as you arrived." She stood. "I'm Marla, by the way." She extended her hand.

Betty shook her hand. "Nice to meet you."

"This way." Marla gestured with her finger, then led Betty down a short hallway. At the end, they came to an open door, and Marla stuck her head inside. "Dr. Freeman, Elizabeth Daniels is here."

"Thank you," a deep voice replied from the office. "Have her come in, Marla."

After thanking Marla for her help, Betty entered the office. It was sizable, but the tall frame of Dr. Freeman, tucked behind a huge steel and glass desk, took up much of the real estate.

He smiled, gesturing to the chair facing his. "Have a seat, Ms. Daniels."

She did as he invited. "Thank you for seeing me, Dr. Freeman. And you can call me Betty. Most folks do."

"Not a problem. I had a light patient load today, so I'm happy to help." He leaned over his desk, resting his elbows on the surface of it. "So, Betty. How can I help you?"

She clasped her hands together, placed them in her lap. "I...wanted to ask you some questions. About a...friend of mine."

His brow hitched, but he nodded. "Yes. Your father told me you wanted to seek my advice on someone else's behalf. So, what can you tell me about your friend?"

Drawing a deep breath, she began. "I should start by saying he's a veteran, recently returned from France."

"Go on."

"Well, we were talking, and as he began to recount some of the things he encountered over there...well..."

"Did he become agitated or angry?"

She shook her head. "No, nothing like that. He was shaking, and he took on this vacant stare. It was as if he were looking right through me. He stopped speaking mid-sentence, and his eyes rolled back. Next thing I know, he fainted." She placed a hand on her chest, feeling the way her heart raced.

"That must have been very unsettling to see."

"It was. Even just telling you about it has set my heart to fluttering."

He scratched his chin. "And how did you react in the moment?"

"I tried to wake him up. He didn't come around right away, but I stayed with him until he woke up." She left out that she'd kissed him- Dr. Freeman didn't need to know everything.

"I see. It was very kind of you to do that." He sat back in his chair, looking thoughtful. "Have you ever seen you friend exhibit these symptoms before?"

She shook her head. "No, but I think that's because we've avoided the topic of war." Looking down at her hands, she continued. "I actually feel guilty that I encouraged him to talk about his experiences. I didn't mean to upset him so much."

"Obviously, I can't make an official diagnosis without evaluating your friend for myself." He rubbed his hands together. "Still, I think I can provide some insight into what he may be dealing with."

She leaned forward in her chair. "I'd certainly appreciate any information you can give me."

"I've spoken to many of our soldiers returning from the war, many who suffer similar symptoms to what you've described. I believe your friend is suffering from what we call CSR, or Combat Stress Reaction. It's an acute psychological reaction to the horrors of battle. Now, you don't need to repeat the story to me, but was he telling you something particularly awful just before fainted?"

She nodded, feeling the wetness gathering in her eyes as she recalled his tale. "It was horrendous."

"I assumed as much. Combat stress reaction is somewhat new. During the first world war, they called it shell shock. However, what we call it doesn't matter as much as how it affects these men. They've witnessed, and carried out, some of the worst things we can imagine. Torture. Maiming. Murder. All in the name of doing their jobs."

She shuddered. She didn't speak; she couldn't. What was there to say?

"Some of these young men described looking another human being in the eyes and seeing his fear, moments before they took a life. Enduring things like this does something to the mind."

She swallowed, wiped at the tears as they rolled down her cheeks. "Is there something that can be done? I hate to think of him suffering the rest of his life." Warner was a good, decent man. He didn't deserve to bear this burden to the grave. There had to be something, anything that could ease his mind.

Dr. Freeman nodded. "Fortunately, yes. There are many treatments thought to relieve the symptoms. Now, some of my more reckless colleagues advocate for radical treatments, such as insulin or electric shock therapy, or even lobotomy."

She covered her mouth, but not in time to contain the tiny shriek of horror.

"I don't advocate for those treatments, Betty. I've found that my patients benefit from a more holistic approach. What these men really need is good social support- that is, time with family and friends. They need stable jobs, and possibly higher education. They need to feel loved, accepted and included by their community, and they need to feel that people are grateful to them for their selfless service to this country."

She breathed a bit easier as she heard the list. "Well, he's a business owner, so the employment base is covered. I'm not sure about the community support, though. People don't really interact with him much. I do think they're grateful for his service, though they might not know how to approach him."

"A simple smile or handshake, and saying, 'Thank you for your service,' would go a long way." He paused. "There is one more treatment that has great benefits for these young men."

"What's that?"

"Psychotherapy. Talking with a professional about what they experienced helps to release the trauma. This kind of therapy also equips them with techniques to help them cope when the memories become troublesome."

"I understand."

"Have I answered all of your questions, Betty?"

"Yes." She stood. "I know you have other things to attend to, and I don't' want to take up your whole day. Thank you for meeting with me, Dr. Freeman."

He stood, reaching across the desk to shake her hand. "My pleasure. And, I recommend you seeing if your friend would be open to talking to me about his experiences. Based on what you've described, I think talk therapy would be helpful for him."

"I'll ask him." After thanking the doctor again, she said her goodbyes and was on her way.

Leaving the office, she reflected on everything Dr. Freeman had shared with her. Warner's condition seemed complex, and life-altering. What would that mean, if they did become serious about each other? She heard her father's warning echoing in her mind.

"It could mean spending the rest of your life as his nursemaid."

Pushing away the thought of that, she walked briskly toward home.





-Love, or Pity? -

WITH THE BAG CONTAINING his freshly laundered clothes in hand, Warner walked down Fourth Street toward home. He'd elected to fix himself lunch today at home, to avoid going into the Cashwell. It hadn't been anything fancy- just a sandwich with a few slices of the turkey he'd picked up from the deli, a ripe red apple, and a glass of lemonade.

Still, there was no way to get around going to pick up his laundry at Mrs. Albertson’s launderette. The small storefront was just a few doors down from the hotel, and as much as he wanted to avoid the area, he couldn't just abandon his clothes.

The mid-afternoon sunshine warmed the air, despite temperatures that had barely reached the fifties. Only a few thin, wispy clouds hung overhead. He walked at a brisk pace, hoping to get back to his shop and finish the work he'd begun on a ’42 Ford Super Deluxe Tudor sedan before he'd taken his lunch break. Since Darnell had the day off, he was on his own with the extensive repairs it required.

He sighed. If I ever start making enough money, I'm going to hire him on full time.

As he passed by the Cashwell, he left the sidewalk, intent on taking the alleyway behind it as a shortcut home. He fished in his shirt pocket for a cigar, to fill the sudden craving. While he enjoyed the soothing act of having a cigar, he didn’t care for the lingering smell of smoke, so he often smoked outside. The narrow alleyway behind the hotel had become one his favorite smoking spots since he often craved a cigar after a good meal.

The alleyway was oddly shaped. It was straight for several yards as it passed between the hotel and the drugstore next door but widened and veered to the left behind the hotel.

He hadn't gone two full steps into the alleyway when he heard voices. Recognizing one of them as Betty, he stopped, being sure to keep out of her line of sight.

"I really do feel like I care for him." Hearing Betty's words made Warner's heart race. Is she talking about me? If not, who is she talking about?

"So, what are you going to do?" Another female voice asked. Warner assumed it was Claudette since she and Betty seemed to be good friends.

"I honestly don't know. My father said that if I keep carrying on with him, I'll end up spending my whole life as his nursemaid."

"Goodness." The other voice quieted for a moment. "You care about him, though. I know it."

There were a few beats of silence. Warner leaned back against the wall, snipped the end of his cigar with the small pocket knife he always carried. She seems conflicted. Although she hasn't used the word love, she has said she cares for me.

Claudette finally said, "Best of luck with this, Betty. I'm going back in, my break' s over."

He listened to the retreating footsteps and the sound of the back door to the hotel opening and closing, to give him an indication that they'd gone in. Then he advanced into the alley, fishing in his shirt pocket for his old metal lighter. The sunlight dimmed as the height of the buildings to either side of him began to block the full force of its glow.

Hearing a yelp, he looked up and stopped mid-step.

Apparently, Betty hadn't gone inside. She still stood in the alleyway, alone. Wearing a simple dress of dark green and a pair of matching pumps, she stared at him. Her wide eyes and open mouth communicated her surprise at seeing him.

"W... Warner," she stammered. "I didn't know you were...um...how long have you been standing there?"

He could feel his ire rising as he tucked the trimmed cigar away. "Not long, Betty." He paused, gave her a moment to for a glimmer of hope that he hadn't overheard her conversation to momentarily brighten her face. "But long enough."

She sighed. "Warner, I..."

He put up his hand. "No. You've said enough. I want you to listen to me."

She pursed her red-tinted lips tightly shut.

"I've always heard that women have this enormous capacity for love. I don't think I've ever seen this actually play out. My mother left my father when I was young because she wasn't content with the lifestyle his mechanic's earnings gave her. And my less than loyal former girlfriend left me while I was overseas, being subjected to horrors no man ought to see."

"I'm sorry those things happened to you. You didn't deserve..."

"You don't need to tell me what I deserve, I'm well aware. My mother returned to my father and they reconciled. But I would never take Felicity back, not in a thousand lifetimes." He shook his head, thinking of the colossal betrayal she'd dealt him. His father may have been willing to forgive, but Warner simply wouldn't risk his heart that way.

Tears began to gather in her eyes. "Warner, listen to me. I really... care for you. Truly. Why else would I go to a psychiatrist, seeking advice on how I could help you?"

He drew back, feeling the heat of embarrassment rising in his throat. "So you've gone behind my back, to some doctor? You think I'm crazy?"

"It's not like that! He had a lot of things to say, things that might help you."

His chest constricted, his fingers tightening their grasp around the handles of the laundry bag. All this time, he'd thought she was different. "You're just like everyone else, Betty. You think I'm damaged, no good for anything. You think I'm broken."

The tears were falling in earnest now as she shook her head. "No, no. That's not what I think."

"Yes, it is. Why else would you be sneaking around, looking for a way to fix me?" He ran his palm over his face and hair, then blew out an exasperated breath. "I can't do this with you, Betty. I can't."

She said nothing; a sob escaped her throat.

"I won't stay around for this. I won't get involved with you, knowing you may have confused love with pity. I won't risk you becoming my biggest regret."

She started to say something, but another small sob came.

Rather than wait for her to say whatever she intended, he turned and left the alleyway the same way he'd come.

Page





Chapter 8




-Franny Ties the Knot-

Betty stood before the full-length mirror in her room Saturday, adjusting the neckline of her dress. The royal blue shift represented what her mother had deemed "appropriate attire" for her cousin Francine's wedding. Since she and Franny weren't terribly close, she'd not been asked to be an attendant. The dress was lovely, demurely made, and of good quality. She knew she looked good in it, with her hair sleeked into a low bun, and the coordinating jewelry and shoe's she'd donned.

But as she looked at her reflection, she couldn't ignore her red-rimmed eyes. No amount of makeup could hide them. She'd gone about her life for the past two days, unwilling to discuss or even acknowledge the pain she felt to anyone else. Whenever she was alone, she lay in bed and let the silent tears fall until they pooled in her ears and dampened her bedsheets.

She'd hurt Warner. He hadn't admitted to it there in the alleyway, but the pain had been all over his face. Her attempts at helping him had backfired spectacularly, and now, she'd ruined things with him. A month ago, she'd thought she was happy, thought her life was going just the way she wanted. Now that she'd spent time with Warner, gotten to know him, and seen how witty and charming he was, that illusion had been shattered.

"No time for lying around today." She dabbed at her eyes with a handkerchief, speaking aloud in the silence of her room. "Cousin Franny is expecting us."

A knock sounded on the bedroom door, followed by her mother's admonishment. "Betty, come on. We need to get to the church before all the good seats are taken on the bride's side."

"I'll be out in a moment, Mama." Blowing out a breath, she grabbed her purse and opened the bedroom door.

Standing in the hallway, Myrtle smiled approvingly. "You look lovely." The smile faded as she looked into her daughter's eyes. "What's the matter, baby?"

She shook her head. "Nothing, Mama." She took a deep breath. "I'm just a little emotional. I can't believe Cousin Franny is getting married."

"Me either! You all have just grown up so fast." She squeezed her daughters arm. "One day soon, it'll be your turn, Elizabeth."

Plastering on a false smile, she nodded and followed her mother.

Arriving at the church, Betty sat with her mother and father about five rows back from the first pew on the left side of the church. She made small talk with her relatives seated nearby, until the pianist's music rose on the air, indicating the start of the ceremony.

Sitting there beside her mother, Betty watched the ceremony unfold. She felt a modicum of relief that she hadn't been forced to endure the indignity of wearing one of the swamp green, silk flower-laden bridesmaid's dresses. The levity was short lived. When her cousin Francine, on the arm of Uncle Phillip, floated down the aisle toward her groom, Betty couldn't help but see the joy on her face.

The vows were said, while Betty contemplated what marriage really meant. From the moment she'd received the wedding invitation in the mail, she'd been in a sort of mourning for her cousin. She didn't begrudge Franny her happiness; while they weren't very close, she loved her cousin. To her mind, marriage for women, especially black women, meant little more than a life of servitude. It meant a loss of freedom, a death to oneself and one's own interest in favor of keeping house and bearing children. Months ago, Betty had been positive that she didn't want that kind of life. That her love for music and for her existing family would be all she needed to sustain her.

The groom slipped a band of gold onto Francine's trembling hand.

Betty choked back a sob.

Myrtle patted her daughter's leg, simultaneously dabbing at her own damp eyes.

Everything has changed. Nothing is the way I thought it would be.

After believing for so long that marriage was a trap for women, an arrangement that only benefitted the man, she wasn't so sure anymore.

"You may now kiss your bride."

As soon as the minister made the declaration, the groom lifted Francine's veil. Betty saw the tears sparkling in her cousin's smiling eyes, and a moment later, her new husband took her into his arms and kissed her.

Tears ran unchecked down Betty's face as the crowd in the church roared with approval of the display. She wasn't the only woman in the room crying, and she doubted anyone would think her tears out of place. Only she knew the secret pain that fueled her tears. And that made her feel even worse.

In a room filled with joyful friends and family, in the midst of an exuberant celebration of love, she felt more alone than ever had before.

She joined with her parents and the other guests in showering the newlyweds with rice as they climbed into their chauffeured car, then rode with her parents to the reception hall a few miles away.

The interior of the reception hall had been festooned with green and cream fabric streamers, mimicking the colors worn by the wedding party. A crystal chandelier centering the room sparkled overhead, and the tables were dressed with beautiful arrangements of roses, mums and lamb's ear.

In the receiving line, Betty stopped to give Francine a tight hug. "You look beautiful, Franny. Congratulations." Despite her own conflicting emotions, she meant every word.

Francine smiled. "Thank you, cousin Betty." She glanced at her groom adoringly, as he picked up her hand and kissed it. "Clarence is the best thing to ever happen to me."

"Welcome to the family." Betty gave her new cousin a hug as well, then went to seek her place at one of the tables.

When she found her place card, she saw she was the first to arrive at the table. Sitting down, she spent a few moments watching the celebration happening all around her. The hired group of jazz musicians were playing a swinging tune, and she found herself tapping her foot to the rhythm.

She felt a tap on her shoulder and turned to find her mother standing behind her chair. "Yes, Mama?"

She pointed straight ahead. "Do you see that handsome gentleman there? The one in the black suit with the red tie?"

Searching a bit, Betty caught sight of the person her mother referred to. "Yes, I see him."

"That's Bradley Mangum. He's a fraternity brother of Clarence, the groom."

"I see." Honestly, she didn't. What is Mama getting at?

"I asked Franny to assign him to your table." Myrtle gave her shoulders a squeeze. "He's going to be a lawyer, and he's single!" She emphasized that last word, unable to contain her exuberance.

"Mama. Are you really matchmaking right now?"

"What better place than at a wedding?" She squeezed her shoulders again. "Oh, he's coming over. Be nice to him, Betty. You never know where it could lead." With a parting squeal of excitement, Myrtle made herself scarce.

Betty hazarded a glance in Bradley's direction and sighed. Sure enough, he was headed her way, and his focus was already on her.

When he came abreast of the table, he smiled, showing off two rows of even, pearly-white teeth. "You must be Elizabeth."

She nodded, doing her best to keep her wits about her. He was handsome, but she had absolutely no interest in speaking to him, or any man other than Warner.

"I'm Bradley Mangum. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Miss." He bowed low, lifted her hand to his lips, and kissed it.

"Likewise." She swallowed, hoping to rid herself of some of her annoyance. He seemed to be waiting for a further reaction from her, but that was all she had. I imagine women fall at his feet on a regular basis.

He stood again but maintained his hold on her hand. "Would you honor me with a dance?"

She heard the sound of someone clearing their throat and glanced over to see her mother nodding vigorously and flailing as if she were hailing an imaginary taxicab.

She looked back to Bradley. "Sure."

As he led her out onto the dance floor, she did her best to mind her manners. Yet, even as he spun her around the reception hall, her mind stayed locked on Warner.





-Stormy Weather-

A THUNDERSTORM ROLLED into Fox Den Saturday evening, bringing with it heavy rain and howling winds. Alone in his small house, Warner tucked himself into an armchair with a copy of the Fox Den Courier. Under the glow of the lamp, he read through the local happenings, doing his best to ignore the storm raging outside. Wrapped in an old quilt to ward off the chill that often fell over the house in bad weather, he shifted around, trying to get comfortable.

The old house seemed to rattle in the high winds, and he jumped. Unwrapping himself from the quilt, he walked over to the window to look outside. The nearby streetlight cast a circle of light, illuminating the otherwise inky darkness, letting him see the rain falling sideways and the puddles forming on the asphalt. He could also see the trees, their branches dancing and swaying in the wind.

Sighing, he returned to his chair. He was a full grown man, not a child afraid of storms. Yet, he still hated nights like this. The gloomy weather always seemed to inspire a similarly gloomy mood in him. He knew his best bet for enduring the weather was to get to sleep.

Standing by the chair, he folded his newspaper and dropped it on the low coffee table. Yawning, he made his way to his bedroom, hoping the falling rain would lull him to sleep. As tired as he was, he didn't think it would take very long.

Lying beneath the covers, he stared up at the ceiling, listening to the rain, waiting for rest to come.

As his eyes began to drift closed, a flash of lightning illuminated the room, followed by an angry boom of thunder.

The sound was so loud and so sudden he nearly fell out of bed. Clutching the mattress, he dragged himself into a sitting position.

Another boom followed.

His heart pounded.

It's only a thunderstorm, logic told him.

But the darkness lurking in the corners of his mind said otherwise.

His commander's voice. We're taking fire!

Panzer units surrounding us!

Anti-tank rounds!

Another boom.

He jumped, dragged the covers over his head.

Take cover!

Sweat poured down his face as he launched himself over the side of the bed and slid beneath it.

Dust swirled around him, and he sneezed.

BOOM!

The house shook.

In his mind, he was pinned down by enemy fire. He could hear the whistling sound of their artillery, cutting through the air, raining fiery, ghastly death down on his position.

He closed his eyes, squeezed them shut.

No. No. No!

A familiar scent touched his nostrils.

Lilacs.

He opened his eyes slowly. Felt the soft fabric of something against his face.

The sheets? No, that wasn't it. He fumbled in the darkness, taking in more of the smell with each breath.

Then he remembered.

Betty's perfume.

He hadn't been able to find the shirt he'd been wearing that day at the schoolyard, and had missed taking it to the laundry. I must have kicked it under the bed.

The sweet floral scent of her still clung to the fabric, and he grasped it, squeezing it between his fingers. Somehow, it helped him get his bearings, helped him ground himself in reality.

And for the first time in two days, he didn't push away the thoughts of her. He let the memory of her smile, her laugh, and her kiss swirl around him.

The storm raged on. Lightning flashed, thunder rumbled. Fat raindrops pelted the house like pebbles. The wind howled and hissed.

Yet thinking of her calmed him, took the edge off the painful memories of the horror he'd seen over there. Wriggling out from beneath his bed, he brought the shirt to his face and inhaled deeply. He continued breathing in her scent until the shaking in his limbs subsided and he felt more stable.

Then he climbed back into his bed, draping the shirt over the headboard.

It was possible she might never speak to him again. And that might be for the best.

But for tonight, as he closed his eyes, he hoped to dream of a life with her by his side. A life where they could live together in harmony, where her love would be the balm that helped to heal the wounds of his past.

Come morning, he would act, to bring her light back into his world. He would begin with a visit to her father’s office, where he would show his respect, and the integrity of his intentions.

Dr. Daniels and I will have much to discuss.

Page





Chapter 9




-Look with Your Heart-

Betty sat by the piano Monday, running through some of her usual pieces. Try as she might, she just couldn't seem to get into the right headspace with her music today. Love of music had kept her going through some of the most troubling times of her life. When she'd learned of her grandfather's death, she'd played through her grief. When she'd seen her first crush with another girl, she'd run home to the piano to get over the cutting pain of rejection. And she'd hoped to salve her broken heart today by playing.

Alas, even her favorite songs seemed hollow now. It was as if the music had somehow lost its melody. She played it as best she could, but it didn't even sound the same to her as it usually did. Apparently, the people who'd come to eat in the dining room noticed the difference as well. Tips were paltry at best, and she noticed diners weren't lingering over their meals.

She ended a song and took a sip from her water glass as a smattering of half-hearted applause spread through the room. With a sigh, she shuffled through her sheet music, looking for her next piece.

Ruby appeared to her right, leaning on the edge of the piano. "Betty, what's wrong with you? Are you unwell?"

So Ruby has noticed it, too. She shook her head. "No, Ruby, I'm fine."

Ruby's brow cocked. "Honey, please. I've known you long enough to know better. Besides, you're a terrible liar. Now, what's eating you?"

She paused, thinking of the best way to say it aloud. "I went to my cousin's wedding Saturday. Let's just say the nuptials left me feeling a little melancholy." It was the truth, or at least, part of it.

"I see." A knowing look came over Ruby's face, as she lowered her voice. "I understand how hard it can be to watch other people get something you want for yourself."

Betty's eyes widened. "I...well, I'm not sure I want...that."

Ruby simply smiled.

"Even if I did want to be married, I see no such future prospects for myself."

"Is that so?"

"What?"

"I notice Warner hasn't been here in a little bit. Why don't you reach out to him?"

She shook her head. "Ruby, I can't. He hasn't spoken to me in days, and I'm sure he wants to forget I exist." That's why he hasn't been coming in for lunch. He's avoiding me.

I can't approach Warner. I have to give him space. He feels I betrayed him, and in a way, he's right.

"I don't know what happened between you, and you don't have to tell me." Ruby cocked her head to one side. "

"I blew it, Ruby. I went behind his back, thinking I was helping him. Really, I should have spoken to him about it before I acted."

"So, you're just going to give up?"

She threw up her hands. "He doesn't want to see me. I'm not going to humiliate myself chasing after someone who doesn't want me."

Ruby gave her a sidelong glance as she straightened back to a standing position. "You need love in your life, Betty. We all do."

She didn't respond, because what could she say? She could see the truth in Ruby's words as plainly as she could see the sheet music on the stand. But how could she salvage her connection with Warner now, after everything that had happened?

"The best place to find love is often right under your own nose. Look with your heart- it sees way better than your eyes." With that said, Ruby turned and walked away.

Someone entered the dining room, but she didn't look up to see who.

She didn't need to. She felt a shift in the air, and the familiarity of his presence washed over her like warm sunlight.

Warner.

She could smell him: the combined scent of some woodsy cologne and a few drops of motor oil. She would never have expected such an aroma to arouse her senses this way, and yet, here she was. This man made her feel things she hadn't even thought herself capable of.

Knowing she needed to fill the silence that had developed while she'd been talking to her manager, Betty hurriedly began playing the piece at the front of her sheet music stash.

Incidentally, it was a beautiful love song: "O Soave Fanciulla" from Puccini's La Boheme. The piece represented a high moment of emotion in the classic Italian opera, as the two main characters, seamstress Mimi and poet Rodolfo, sing it together at the moment they realize they've fallen in love.

She couldn't meet his eyes, not if she were to play the piece as it deserved to be played. So she kept her eyes on the keys as she moved her fingertips over them, letting the beautiful harmonies of the piece carry her away. The soaring highs of love expressed by Rodolfo and Mimi had always represented a glorious impossibility; an idyllic dream of something she could never have. But now, simply being in Warner's presence, she knew better.

The piece wasn't a long one, the composer meant for it to be brief, but powerful. And it was. Because with Warner's smiling face visible in her peripheral vision, Betty played it as she never had before, infusing it with all the emotion it was meant to hold. The feelings she now felt deep inside.

When she ended the song, the seven diners present burst into applause. A few even stopped by the piano to leave tips in her glass. She gave them each a nod of gratitude, but she only had eyes for Warner.

Now that she could see him fully, she noticed the bouquet of pink roses he carried.

Tears threatened to rise as she watched him move slowly toward the piano. She'd longed to see him again ever since he'd walked away from her in the alley that day; dreaming of him, weeping for him. Now, there he was, in the flesh, and her rising emotions threatened to overwhelm her.

"Oh Lovely Girl. Puccini- right?" He placed the flowers on the piano.

She nodded. "I see you know your operatic music."

"I do."

A few silent moments passed between them, as they held each other's gazes.

Aware of all the people watching, she said, "Would you like to talk in private?"

"I would."

Ruby's voice cut into their conversation. "Why don't you take a break in the lounge, Betty? After a performance like that, you oughta rest your hands."

Betty extended her hand to Warner, and the two of them walked down the corridor to the lounge.

As the door swung shut behind them, Ruby called, "I'll see that you're not disturbed."





-Light to Banish the Darkness-

ALONE IN THE ROOM WITH Betty, Warner held her hand tightly. Her eyes were shimmering with unshed tears, and she looked as if she had a lot to say. He kept himself silent for a few moments, to allow her the space to gather her thoughts.

She wiggled her hand free, walking across the room. He watched her as she paced the floor.

She'd worn a dress in a soft shade of pink today, that made her complexion glow as if she were bathed in moonlight. The loose curls of her dark hair, held back from her face by a matching ribbon, shone in the light cast by the fixture above them. She looked as feminine and soft as he knew her to be, and her face, though lined with deep thought, remained as lovely as ever.

What's going through her mind right now? Curiosity be damned, he swore he wouldn't press her. He'd come to see if she would allow him into her life again after he'd been so pigheaded. She was a delicate lady, not someone to be trifled with or treated harshly. In spite of his own discomfort, he stood there, silent and still, while she worked through whatever it was.

Finally, she stopped pacing near the big desk in the corner. "I have to tell you something. A lot of things, actually. I'm just so afraid that it will come out wrong."

He kept his tone even. "Betty, just say what's on your heart. " It was what he planned to do if she'd hear him out.

She took a deep breath, and let the words tumble out. "Warner. I'm so, so sorry. I should never have gone to Dr. Freeman without speaking to you about it first. And I don't think you're broken, at least not any more than the next man who's been through something so terrible. You're many things. You're witty, charming, handsome, and wise. But you're certainly not broken." She drew a breath.

He gave her a half-smile, equally touched and amused by her admissions. "Is that all you want to say, or is there more?"

"There is more. Remember at the schoolyard, when you told me you loved me, and I didn't say anything back?" She moved toward him, her steps purposeful as he re-entered his personal space.

"It's not something that's easy to forget."

"Part of me was so stunned that you'd said it, I didn't know how to react. But there were other things holding me back that day."

"Like what?" He asked the question in a gentle voice, trying not to alarm her. He wanted to hear what she had to say.

"I love you, Warner. I do. I was so afraid of what loving you could mean, that I couldn't admit it to anyone, not even myself." She raised her free hand to his face, caressing the hard line of his jaw and feeling it soften beneath her touch. "Now I know I'm willing to take the risk if it means I can be with you."

He lay his hand over hers. "That's the best thing I've heard all day."

"Then you're not still angry with me?"

He shook his head. "I was never really angry with you, Betty. I lashed out at you, and I shouldn't have. In reality, I was wounded, hurt, and afraid my personal battles would become a matter of public discussion." He paused, thinking he should tell her how this whole thing began. "Do you know why I started coming here for lunch in the first place?"

She shook her head. Curiosity shone in her eyes as she watched his face, awaiting his explanation.

"Several months ago, I went to Mrs. Albertson's to drop off my laundry. As I passed the hotel, I heard the beautiful music you were playing. I rushed over there to drop off my clothes, then came back and looked through the window into the dining room. And there you were." He touched her soft cheek. "The most beautiful creature I've ever seen, playing music that soothed my soul. The anger and pain I felt inside seemed to ease every time I listened to your music. So I made a habit of taking my lunch here."

Her wide eyes gave away her amazement. "Truly?"

"Yes. You've comforted me in ways you'll never know, and I'm eternally grateful for the peace you've given me."

Her misty eyes welled up with fat tears. "I don't know what to say."

He brushed his fingertips over the edge of her hairline. "You've told me you love me, and that's enough. Besides, I owe you an apology as well. I should have been more open with you, more honest about what I'm going through. Then maybe you wouldn't have felt you needed to go behind my back to seek help for me."

She looked away momentarily. "Warner, you don't have to tell me about..."

He used a gentle finger to angle her head so that he could look into her eyes. "Yes, Betty, I do. I do need to tell you about the things that haunt me as well as the things that make me smile. If I'm to love you fully, the way you deserve to be loved, I have to be willing to bare my soul to you." He dragged his fingertip over her lips. "And I want you to feel safe enough to bare your soul to me as well."

She inched closer to him, leaving only a sliver of space between their bodies.

She nodded. "Yes, Warner. I trust you."

"And I trust you, Betty. I trust your judgment, and I trust that you want what's best for me."



"Does that mean you'll go to see Dr. Freeman and talk about what you've been through?" Her gaze, pensive and hopeful, touched his very core.

Wanting nothing more than to hold her close to him, he draped his arm loosely around her waist. "Of course. All I ask is that you go with me." He gave her a squeeze, pressing their bodies together. "I need you there with me. It's your light that guides me out of darkness."

Tears spilled down her cheeks. "Oh, Warner. I will. Of course, I will."

She tilted her face up, and their lips met in a sweet, lingering kiss.

Page





Chapter 10




Thursday, November 28, 1946

Thanksgiving Day

-Giving Thanks-

Tying the strings of her white, lace trimmed apron, Betty picked up her dishes walked into the bustling kitchen. Walking to the sink, she deposited her china plate and fork into the soapy water and scrubbed them clean before adding them to the dishes stacked in the rack on the counter.

Myrtle came in a few moments later. "Oh, Betty, good. You've finished your breakfast?"

She nodded. "Yes, Mama. I already washed my dishes."

"Then can you help me chop celery and onions for the dressing?"

"Sure." The two of them set up the cutting boards and vegetables on one of the few cleared spaces on the countertop. Betty worked on celery while her mother handled the onions. "Where's aunt Mary Alice?"

"Her and Francine are outside, getting the tablecloth and the napkins off the clothesline." She expertly guided her knife through the onion, cutting it first into thick rings and then into small, even squares. "Should be back in her any minute."

The back door swung open, and Mary Alice entered, with Francine close behind. Both women carried armfuls of white fabric.

Mary Alice looked at her sister. "Myrtle, we're going to iron these and get them set up. Then Franny and me will be back to help you with the pies."

"Sounds good, sis." Myrtle looked up briefly from her chopping.

"Aunt Myrtle, you alright?"

Using a clean tea towel to dab her eyes, Myrtle waved her off. "Oh, honey, I'm fine. It's just these dang onions! Got my eyes watering like a leaky barrel."

After her aunt and cousin disappeared into the dining room, Betty asked, "Where's Daddy? And where are Uncle Phillip and Clarence for that matter?"

Myrtle sighed. "You know how these men are. They do the same thing every Thanksgiving. While we slave away making all the food, they run out back to play horseshoes. So that's what became of your Daddy, your uncle, and your cousin. Can't you hear them carrying on out there? They so loud I'm surprised the walls aren't rattling."

Betty listened, and sure enough, she could hear metal striking metal, the menfolk verbalizing their excitement. "What is it with men and sports?"

She shrugged. "Search me. I tell you what. The woman that figures it out is gonna be mighty rich."

Betty laughed as they finished up their chopping. She turned to grab a ceramic bowl, and her mother used the blade of her knife to sweep the chopped veggies into the bowl. "Looks good. Now let's get put the dressing together and get it in the oven with the bird."

For the next few minutes, Betty and her mother worked together quietly. Once they'd assembled the ingredients for Myrtle's famous dressing, they combined them in her favorite glass ovenware. Myrtle only took this casserole dish out twice a year: Thanksgiving and Christmas, and she never used it for anything else besides her signature dish. She claimed it was the only dish that perfectly browned the edges of her creation, and that the brown edges were the real secret to its utter deliciousness.

Once all the ingredients were carefully mixed together, Betty slid the casserole into the hot oven with the already roasting twenty-pound bird.

"Be careful with my dressing, baby." Myrtle stood nearby, supervising. "And remember to turn it the long way so the macaroni and cheese will fit in there."

After doing as her mother asked, she closed the oven door. Using the end of her sleeve to wipe the sweat from her forehead, she asked, "What's next?"

They put together the macaroni and cheese, rolled out and cut the biscuit dough Myrtle had made before, and chopped cabbage and collard greens to round out the meal.

Francine and Mary Alice returned then.

Myrtle threw up her hands. "Whew. I'm glad you all came. I'm tired as all get out, and I'm going to sit my tail down for a little bit. Betty, you know what needs doing."

"I'll take care of it, Mama." Betty watched her mother stroll from the kitchen.

"What do you need us to help with?" Francine asked.

"You can help me get the greens and collards started, and we'll have to rotate things in and out of the oven." She looked at her aunt. "Aunt Mary Alice, you can go ahead and start working on the pies."

"Alright. Where's the sweet potato?" Mary Alice looked her way.

Betty pointed. "In the fridge. Mama pureed them last night. I peeled and chopped the apples, too."

Mary Alice smiled as she walked to the refrigerator. "Good. That's gonna make my job a whole lot easier."

As she and Francine worked on the vegetables, Betty took the opportunity to satisfy her curiosity. "So, Franny, what's married life like?"

A blush of color immediately filled her cousin's fair skinned cheek. "Heavens, Betty. It's marvelous. Clarence is such a sweet, caring husband."

"Really? And is he amenable to you pursuing hobbies? You know, other than household chores, knitting, and things like that?"

Francine frowned. "You know I can't knit. It's like I have two left needles or something. I still paint in watercolors, though, if that's what you mean."

Betty's brow hitched. "You mean, your husband doesn't fuss about your hobby, or insist your time would be better spent ironing his shirts?"

Francine giggled. "Oh, please. Clarence irons his own shirts! Besides, he says he wants me happy, and he knows I can't be if I'm not fulfilled in my own way."

Hearing that made Betty smile, but also gave her pause. Could it really be that way between a man and his wife?

"What's gotten into you, Betty? I know you're a contrarian but my goodness." Mary Alice glanced her way as she filled a pie crust with the sweet potato puree. "What makes you think I'd let my only child marry an ogre?"

She sighed. "It's not that, Aunt Mary Alice. It's just...I don't know. I have so many ideas about what marriage is like for women, and not many of them are good."

Mary Alice used the back of a spoon to smooth out the puree. "Honey, let me tell you something. I've been married to your uncle Phillip for almost thirty years now. And he's never tried to stop me from doing the things I enjoy."

"And what are those?"

"Hiking and fishing, mainly. You know your grandfather was an outdoorsman, and Myrtle and I grew up trawling through the woods, ever since we could walk. Now, Phillip is a city boy. Hates going into the wilderness. But after we married, he didn't make a fuss about my camping trips or try to stop me from going. And for the past fifteen years, he's been going with me." She moved on to the second pie. "Still hates the mosquitos, though."

She pursed her lips, silently considering her aunt's words.

"What gives, anyway? Betty, why are you so curious about marriage all of a sudden?" Francine watched her with narrowed eyes.

Turning away from her cousin's gaze, Betty filled a stock pot with water for the greens. "No reason?"

Francine wasn't fooled. "Come on now. Do you think I just fell off the turnip truck?"

"Well, I sure didn't." Mary Alice smiled as she slid three sweet potato pies onto the counter by the oven. "You're asking because of Warner, aren't you? You sweet enough on that soldier to be thinking about marriage?"

Betty felt the blush heating her cheeks but was powerless to stop it.

Peals of laughter erupted from the three women. When the humor died down, Betty said, "Don't mention this to Mama."

"We won't," Mary Alice promised. "She's so anxious to get you a husband, she'll likely have an apoplectic fit if we tell her."

After the macaroni and the assortment of pies were in the oven, and the dressing and the turkey left out to cool, Betty stood alone in the kitchen, watching her relatives talk and laugh in the dining room. She watched as Clarence, who’d apparently snuck away from the horseshoe game, crept in to steal a kiss with Francine, and she smiled at the scene.

Turning her eyes to the apple shaped clock on the wall, she noted the time.

I've got to get out of these messy clothes and change.

When their dinner guests arrived, she wanted to look her best.

Mama wouldn't have it any other way.





-Orange Mums and the Ruined Pie-

COMING UP THE WALK to Betty's house, Warner clutched the chrysanthemums in his hand for dear life.

Behind him, his father quipped, "What are you, roller skating? Slow down, Warner. I'm an old man."

Warner stopped, offered his arm. "Sorry about that, Dad. I guess you could say my nerves are getting the better of me."

Wilbur Hughes, ever the pragmatist, patted his son's arm. "Don't worry about it. I'm sure her family's gonna love you."

They stepped up on the porch, and Warner knocked at the door.

Mr. Daniels opened it. "Welcome to our home. Warner, Wilbur, it's good to see you both."

"It's good to see you, Mr. Daniels."

He gave him a wry half-smile. "I suppose it's time you started calling me Randall. After all, you've been courting my Elizabeth a solid six weeks now."

Warner nodded. "Then, Randall it is." He shook hands with the older man.

Randall stepped back and allowed them inside the house. While the two old pals chatted and caught up, Warner advanced into the house with his flowers, his eyes scanning the room for his sweetheart. He made sure to mind his manners, speaking to all of Betty's relatives and engaging them in conversation. Still, he was disappointed that he didn't' see her right away.

He was discussing the day's events with Betty's cousin Clarence when he felt the change in the atmosphere. Turning to look over his shoulders toward the steps that led to her room on the lower level, he watched her ascend them. Clarence kept talking, but his words immediately went underwater as Warner stared at his darling Betty. To his eyes, she looked like a goddess, rising from a glowing patch of earth. She wore a shimmering cream colored dress that grazed her calves and fit her figure like a glove. Her hair, pressed and swept up into a neat bun atop her head, made her look as regal as a princess.

When she looked his way, a smile graced her pink-tinted lips. As she walked toward him, his heart began to pound in his ears. She's so beautiful. What did I do to deserve her?

Clarence ribbed him then. "Boy. You really are sweet on our Elizabeth, aren't you?"

"Sweeter than you could ever imagine." Eyes still locked on Betty, he moved through the living room and met her in the dining room.

She moved closer to him, greeting him with a quick peck on the lips. "Warner, you made it."

"Of course. I wouldn't have missed it for anything." He handed her the flowers. "These are for you."

She sighed with delight. "Oh, I love orange mums. Let me go put these in water." She eased past him and disappeared into the kitchen. When she returned, she said, "Thank you for the flowers. They're beautiful."

"So are you. You look wonderful tonight."

She looked away shyly. "Oh, Warner. You smooth talker."

"Ok, folks!" Myrtle tapped on a glass with a fork to get everyone's attention. "We're ready to start, so let's say grace and then we can take our seats."

Holding hands, Warner and Betty joined her family in the dining room.

After the blessing given by Betty's uncle, they all sat down around the large oak table. Warner sat next to Betty, with his father to his left. Mr. and Mrs. Daniels occupied the ends of the table. The spread of food centering the table filled the room with heavenly aromas, and Warner's stomach rumbled in anticipation.

"Did you make any of this?" He looked Betty's way.

"Not really. But I helped with just about everything."

The dishes were passed and the plates filled, and the group settled in for a very pleasant meal. Once again, Warner found his nerves getting the best of him. While he wanted to say something interesting or funny, in order to win the favor of Betty's relatives, he just couldn't seem to get his words together.

Lucky for him, his father Wilbur was a talker. "My wife sends her regards to you both, Randall and Myrtle. She stayed behind in North Carolina to see after my parents. They're getting up in years and they need a lot of care."

"I understand completely," Myrtle remarked.

"Listen, have I told you about the time I was working on that old Model T, and the dang car fell on me?" Wilbur was already laughing before he began the tale.

"No, you haven't." Randall looked intrigued.

"Heck, even if you had, I want to hear this!" Uncle Phillip swallowed a mouthful of macaroni and watched Wilbur's face, awaiting the riveting story.

Warner shook his head at his father's antics. Still, he was glad he was able to keep the conversation going. If it depended on him, Warner knew they'd all be sitting there in awkward silence.

Betty squeezed his thigh. "Are you okay? Enjoying yourself?"

He nodded. "Yes. Your family's a hoot."

"Then why are you so quiet?"

He told her all the truth he could deliver. "Two reasons. One, the food is so delicious I don't want to waste time talking."

She giggled.

"And two, I'm thinking about something."

"Is it serious? Is it about something we discussed in our sessions with Dr. Freeman?"

He shook his head. "No, it's nothing like that. And I promise to tell you all about it. Soon."

She nodded and turned her attention back to her plate.

The rest of the meal went by in a blur of laughter, good conversation, and delicious flavors. He pushed away his second plate, determined to leave room for dessert. He'd heard Myrtle's pies were the stuff of legend, and he wanted to experience it for himself.

Myrtle rose from the table then, summoning the women. "Ladies, help me clear the dishes. And you menfolk stay put. I hope you've got your mouth set for some pie."

A cheer went up from the older men at the table. Warner and Clarence seated across from each other, exchanged looks.

"I'll be right back," Betty said, giving his shoulder a squeeze as she stood and followed her mother into the kitchen.

Once the women were out of sight, Wilbur nudged his son. "Now's your shot, son."

Warner looked to Randall, who gave him a silent nod of approval.

Resolute, Warner extracted the box from his pocket and left his chair. Assuming a kneeling positing about a foot from the kitchen door, he gripped the box in his fist, and waited.

Moments later, the line of four women filed out of the kitchen, each carrying a pie. Betty was right at the head of the line. She was laughing and talking to her relatives at first, so she didn't immediately notice Warner.

After about five steps though, she turned his way and stopped short.

The sudden stop caused something of a pileup, with the other women crashing into her pack.

The perfectly baked apple pie in Betty's hands fell to the floor as she shrieked in surprise. "Warner! What in the world are you doing down there?"

He glanced at the crushed remnants of the pie lying next to him on the floor, then looked back at her. "I think you know, darling." He opened his hand, showing her the box.

She covered her mouth to stifle the next shriek, but everyone still heard it.

Silence reigned in the room as the family looked on at the scene.

"Elizabeth Anne Daniels, you have become the sunlight to my world. My life was darkness but you have lit the corners of my heart with a joy I never knew I could feel." He opened the box, revealing the round amethyst stone on a gold band. "Would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?"

She sobbed, the tears running down her cheeks like water from the tap.

He took her hand in his, placed the ring near her finger. "Is that a yes?"

She nodded. "Yes, Warner. Yes." She whispered the words between sobs, falling to her knees in front of him.

He slid the ring onto her finger and kissed her lips, then pulled her into his embrace.

He heard the sound of someone crying, someone other than Betty. He looked up and saw Myrtle, dabbing her eyes with a linen napkin.

Her sister asked teasingly, "Are you crying over the engagement, or the ruined pie?"

An emotional Myrtle replied, "Both!"

There on the floor, with his wife-to-be safely in the circle of his arms, Warner laughed with a lightness he hadn't felt in years.

THE END

Page





Author's Note




I hope you enjoyed Warner and Betty’s story. I chose the theme of this story because I wanted to shine a light on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, and the affects it has on the people who live with it every day. What we now know as PTSD has been called many different things in the past, from shell shock, to battle fatigue, to combat stress reaction. Whatever name it goes by, this disorder can have serious, sometimes debilitating consequences. My aim in writing LOVE’S SWEET MELODY is to give insight into what PTSD can be like, both from the perspective of the sufferer, and that of someone who loves them.

While PTSD is often attributed to service members returning from war, keep in mind that any type of traumatic event can trigger it. Rape and abuse victims, survivors of tragedies such as mass shootings or natural disasters, and victims of crime may also fall prey to this disorder. It’s my hope that this story will inspire those who live with PTSD to be hopeful and inspire others to treat them with dignity and compassion.

Please know that any time you purchase one of my books, you are helping to support my family. And whether you have been with me since 2009 or are just discovering me, I offer my sincerest thanks for your support. If you enjoyed this book, please leave a review at your preferred retailer.

If you haven’t already, I encourage you to sign up for my mailing list at http://authorkiannaalexander.com/sign-up/. It’s the best way to keep up with my events, new releases and sales. You can also follow me on social media via the links below.

All the Best,

Kianna

Facebook.com/KiannaWrites

Instagram.com/KiannaAlexanderWrites

Twitter.com/KiannaWrites

Resources

For more information about Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, I encourage you to utilize the following sources:

The Anxiety and Depression Association of America: http://www.adaa.org

Real Warriors (Servicemembers/Veterans and their families): www.realwarriors.net

National Center for PTSD: www.ptsd.va.gov or call the Veterans Crisis Line: 1-800-273-8255 (Press 1)

PTSD Alliance: http://www.ptsdalliance.org/ , or call 888-436-6306

Bibliography

Pols, H., & Oak, S. (2007). WAR & Military Mental Health. American Journal Of Public Health, 97(12), 2132-2142. doi:10.2105/ajph.2006.090910





E, D. (2018). Psychiatry and race during World War II. - PubMed - NCBI. Ncbi.nlm.nih.gov. Retrieved 26 April 2018, from https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16397201/





HISTORY OF PTSD IN Veterans: Civil War to DSM-5 - PTSD: National Center for PTSD. (2018). Ptsd.va.gov. Retrieved 26 April 2018, from https://www.ptsd.va.gov/public/PTSD-overview/basics/history-of-ptsd-vets.asp





VENTO, C., & VENTO, C. (2018). Treatment of War Related Psychiatric Injuries Post-World War II | Defense Media Network. Defense Media Network. Retrieved 26 April 2018, from https://www.defensemedianetwork.com/stories/treatment-war-related-psychiatric-injuries-post-world-war-ii/

Wilson, Joe Jr. (1999) The 761st Black Panther Tank Battalion in World War II: An Illustrated History of the First African American Armored Unit to See Combat. Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland Publishing

Page





Don't miss out!


Click the button below and you can sign up to receive emails whenever Kianna Alexander publishes a new book. There's no charge and no obligation.



https://books2read.com/r/B-A-IJGB-LCNS





Connecting independent readers to independent writers.





	 Also by Kianna Alexander



	 	 Decades: A Journey of African American Romance

	 Love's Sweet Melody



	 	 Sweet Way to His Heart

	 Drifting to You

	 A Radiant Soul



	 	 The Roses of Ridgeway

	 Kissing the Captain

	 The Preacher's Paramour

	 Loving the Lawman

	 A Ridgeway Christmas

	 Electing to Love

	 Roses of Ridgeway Volume 1



	 	 Standalone

	 The Object of His Obsession

	 The Sweet Way Duet



	 	 	 Watch for more at Kianna Alexander’s site.





