Will You Be Mine?

Rilzy Adams



This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, dialogue and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.



Copyright 2016 by Rilys “Rilzy” Adams

All rights reserved.



No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, scanned or distributed in any printed or electronic form without the express, written permission of the copyright holder.





To Kimra and Breanna – my forever inspirations for kick ass, loyal, beautiful best friends. Thanks for always having comforting words, a shoulder to cry on, telling it like it is, doughnuts (Kimmy) and tequila (Bre). I love you guys!





CHAPTER ONE



James Thomas Johnson sang softly to the smoky, jazz tune spilling through his speakers. His fingers moved along his sketchpad as if they possessed a life of their own. JT never thought as he sketched or sculpted. Instead, he lost himself in the process and the results came. Just like magic.



He didn’t need to think to know who would emerge on his sketchpad when he was finished. He sang along with Billie Holiday as she bemoaned missing her old flame even though his mind was on someone who’d never been a flame at all.



Hallie’s shape peeked up at him when he put the charcoal away and gazed at his work.

He took in the swell of her breasts and her curvy hips before he shoved the entire pad aside. JT knew when he asked his best friend to pose naked for a sculpture months ago that it was a bad idea. He’d had enough problems keeping Hallie off his mind when he was just imagining what she looked like under the fun, flirty clothing she liked to wear. But JT was never one to listen to reason. His brothers Jaxon, Orlando and Jasper were the ones who would take stock of the situation before they dove in. JT, much like his baby sister, Jasmine, dove in and thought about the consequences later. Sometimes it worked. If JT had stacked up the pros and cons when he considered abandoning the ‘family track’, as he liked to call the practice of law, he would have never found the fulfillment he did in his career. He glanced at Hallie’s portrait and shook his head. Then, of course, sometimes jumping in headfirst didn’t work out.



JT had just finished cleaning his brushes and setting aside his charcoals when his doorbell rang. He wasn’t surprised to find Hallie on the other side.

“Speak of the Devil and she appears,” he grinned leaning in to plant a kiss on her upturned cheek. She smacked his arm but smiled all the same. “I should just leave the food outside.”

“Come on in with the curry or I’ll revoke your best friend card.”

Hallie stepped into the apartment with laughter on her lips. She kicked off her heels and made her way to the kitchen before she turned to him with a cheeky smile. “You couldn’t. You love me way too much.”



His funny retort died on his throat. If she only knew. As time marched on JT’s sun seemed to rise and set on Hallie’s smile. He often tried to figure out if she was that clueless or just uninterested. He’d sent Jasmine and Jaxon’s wife, Maya, on a fact-finding mission but both women came up empty handed. Hallie’s feelings for him, if any, were better guarded than Fort Knox and his feelings seemed to be an open book she refused to read.



JT’s ex-girlfriend ended things ten years before when she realized he wasn’t going to become the hotshot lawyer she’d imagined herself married to. At the time he thought nothing could hurt more. He watched Hallie take two plates from his cupboard and begin to share out their dinner. He supposed it was true that you never knew how many layers Hell possessed until you landed in the next one.



***



Hallie let herself into her apartment unwrapping the layers she wore much in the way she wished she could unwrap her frustration. When her childhood best friend, Abby, told her to expect mail from Antigua loud warning bells went off in her head. She bribed Abby with a promise to have a bottle of her favorite wine sent to her but regretted it when Abby finally told her what was being delivered. She didn’t want to think about it so she fled her apartment. Hallie was good at running away. Expert, really. She ended up at JT’s apartment, Indian food in tow, wanting to get her mind off the shit-storm awaiting her at home in the form of a large, cream envelope. JT, as always, was a good choice. They talked, laughed, ate and then talked and laughed some more. Eventually they settled down on his couch and watched five episodes of a Netflix series neither of them had heard of until Hallie realized she had to get some sleep before work.

“We can’t all keep artist hours,” she’d teased him. She tugged on his dreadlocks and kissed his cheek. “I’ve got to go lawyer up.”



Now, as Hallie twirled the envelope in her hand, she wished she’d stayed. She wondered what would happen if she let the envelope sit there for another six to seven weeks before claiming it got lost under a pile of bills. She narrowed her eyes at it. The plan was tempting but Hallie didn’t toss the envelope into the trash. Instead, she sat down around her granite countertop and reached for it. She could only delay the inevitable for a little while longer so with a muttered curse, she tore it open. Hallie cried out when a sharp pain zapped across her finger. She stared at the trickle of red seeping from the paper cut before she brought the finger to her mouth and sucked the blood away. If that wasn’t a bad omen – she had no idea what was. She sped through the formalities. Yes, Mr. and Mrs. Kensington requested her presence at the wedding of their eldest son, Cameron Kensington, to his longtime girlfriend Mindy Gore. She skipped over the other unimportant things like the necessities of a quick RSVP and whatnots and so-forths and instead pulled out the smaller, maroon envelope Abby told her to look out for. Massaging her temples, she read out loud, “Cameron Kensington regards you as one of his closest friends and requests your presence at his pre-wedding celebrations which will take place during the week of January 24th. See overleaf for further instructions.”



Hallie allowed the words to wash over her for a few minutes. Closest friend. She would’ve laughed if her stomach hadn’t been filled with rocks. She couldn’t work out how Cameron could consider her one of his closest friends when they hadn’t spoken in nearly a decade. For public consumption it boiled down to friendships growing apart but those who knew Hallie and Cameron best were skeptical. She and Cameron had the type of friendship most people assumed would last until the end of time. Hallie preferred the lie. It was better than the truth, which burned like battery acid on her tongue. She smiled wistfully, remembering how good they used to be together.



Ten years. Hallie lived with the anger for ten years until it almost became its own entity. Maybe it was time to bury the hatchet, she reasoned. Cameron’s invitation was an olive branch and missing his wedding would be throwing it right back at him. Hallie wasn’t sure she wanted to risk fracturing their friendship for good.



The bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon nestled in the wine rack suddenly seemed very tempting even though she’d been trying very hard to lose the sneaky fifteen pounds she gained from the constant overtime she’d clocked over the past couple months. Hallie tried to count the calories in the extra large glass she wanted to pour but gave up. She preferred to deal with the extra calories than face the emotions surging through her stone, cold sober. As she sipped the wine she made up her mind. She would go. It wasn't even because she wanted to see Cameron, she reasoned. Winter was brutal and she welcomed the thought of some Caribbean sunshine. She took a large gulp of wine and sighed. The lie was unconvincing even in her head.



Don't do this Hallie, her mind pleaded. Going to Cameron’s wedding could be the equivalent of emotional suicide and to make matters worse Hallie was pretty sure her boss would blow a fuse if she asked to take a vacation. He might have been encouraging her to take some much needed time off recently but she was willing to bet it didn't include during the time their biggest client, Montgomery Estates, was in the process of some volatile legal negotiations to purchase high end condos in the Key West.



She returned the envelope to its original place on her kitchen counter and tapped her fingers rapidly against it. Every fiber of her being protested but she knew her mind was already made up. Hallie Smith was going home for her ex best friend’s wedding. She drained the glass of wine and refilled it.



Hopefully the voice in her head whispering all hell was about to break lose was just paranoia.





CHAPTER TWO





"Darhling," Marcel said shooing Hallie onto the treadmill minutes after she rushed into his Brooklyn studio. "You're very late."

“You’re lucky I made it,” she said with a small grimace as she settled into a lazy walk. She’d finished the bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon and spent the night staring at the ceiling. Far away, almost forgotten memories slipped into her mind. She remembered when she and Cameron snuck out the house on a moonlit night and skinny-dipped after he double dog dared her. Hallie could almost feel the glowing water gently lapping against her skin. The memory made her sad. God, so many things had changed.

“Slacking off won’t get you that body,” Marcel cooed.

“Things happen,” Hallie said not bothering to mask the annoyance she felt.

Marcel pursed his thin lips and arched an eyebrow. The message was loud and clear: No excuses! Get down to work. He stood there clad in bright blue shorts paired with an orange tank top and Hallie wanted to smack the smug look off his face. She didn't want to admit it but Marcel kicked ass at his job. Between his base fee and how much she wanted to kill him, he encouraged very quick results. Hallie started losing the pounds she’d wanted to get off only three months after she started training with him. She settled into a brisk run knowing she was going to eat back all the calories she burned during her dinner date with JT.

"Pick it up baby," Marcel cooed again. He smacked his towel against her butt. Hallie fixed him with a look that said she didn't care how gay he was if he tried that again she'd hit him with a sexual harassment suit before he could breathe. He had the grace to look mortified. She wiped the sweat from her face and broke into a quick run trying to think positive thoughts. Not even imagining being sprawled off on white sand with fruity cocktails in her hand was enough to make the next fifteen minutes pass quickly. Hallie almost danced when the treadmill finally stopped but before she could move Marcel programmed in another fifteen minutes.

"Why’d you do that?" she panted.

The man had the nerve to grin. "Don’t just go through the motions. Feel the workout. Give me a good run and then we move on to weights."



Marcel’s ‘feel the workout’ session made Hallie even later for dinner with JT than she had anticipated. She rushed through the process of showering, selecting her outfit and putting on makeup - something she usually took great pleasure in doing slowly. She decided on skinny jeans and ankle boots with a deep burgundy top and cream cardigan. She brushed a small bit of foundation over her deep brown skin, put on dark red lipstick then pulled her slightly damp hair back into a ponytail and grabbed her handbag. She didn't have any time to admire the end result in the mirror but she decided it would have to do.



Hallie was already forty-five minutes late when she rushed into the small, Texan-styled restaurant in the heart of Manhattan where she and JT had dinner at least twice per month. The man, who'd been her closest friend for the past five years, was seated in a rear boot and smiled when he saw her. She saw a brief twinkle in his deep brown eyes and knew she was going to be teased for being so late.

"Why are women always late?" he asked when she was close enough to hear him. Hallie leaned in and kissed his cheek. "We both know I'm worth waiting for."

He smiled. "There are a couple things I could say to that but luckily for you I won’t."

Hallie hit him playfully. "You talk the talk but you couldn’t live without me."

She snatched the menu from him and opened it while JT updated her on a new sculpture he’d found himself stuck on. There were few sights in the world as beautiful as watching JT enthusiastically talk about his work. Hallie smiled. Although she always joked that JT couldn’t live without her, she also couldn’t imagine her life without him. She met James Thomas Johnson five years before on her first day of law school at NYU. He was studying for the New York Bar exams, which he never actually completed. He swore he had a date with Destiny and she showed him he wasn’t meant to be a lawyer but a sculptor instead. He then started his transformation from James the suave, classy, summa-cum-laude law school graduate to JT, the sculptor. He dreadlocked his hair, got a couple of tattoos and several piercings. Hallie swore she would disown him when he added a nipple piercing to the two cartilage piercings in his left ear and eyebrow piercing but then he reminded her that she couldn't get rid of him so easily. It was a tongue in cheek comment but it warmed her in places she tried to ignore.

Not many people were as enthusiastic about JT's transformation as he was. His father was not pleased. Hallie still grinned whenever she thought about his father's reaction to the news. He had a heart attack. JT always got angry when she joked about it but old man Johnson didn't die so she figured it was fair game. The poor man had long believed his son would assume partnership in the family's law firm. Hallie guessed watching JT graduate summa-cum-laude from Harvard probably cemented his father’s belief that his dream would be a reality. No one seemed to remember that JT was a living, breathing wild card. JT was excellent at what he did. He'd developed a huge name for himself in the art community and commissioned prices that made Hallie wish she’d been the one to have that date with Destiny instead.

"I forgot to tell you last night but I sold that sculpture of you last week," JT said sloshing his Cabernet Sauvignon in his glass before taking a sip.

"Did you?" Hallie asked with a big smile. "I told you'd I'd be a hit."

JT laughed at her blatant lie. They both knew he had to play an A+ bribing game to convince her to pose for him. She'd complained about everything from her weight to her inability to sit still long enough for him to complete the sketch.

"So who bought it?" Hallie asked sipping her own wine.

JT cut his steak into little, neat squares and then said, "Old man Axelrod."

His eyes sparkled when Hallie's mouth dropped open.

"How could you let that creepy, old man buy a naked sculpture of me?"

JT's mouth curved upward. "It's headless so unless you were planning on getting naked for Axelrod he won't ever know it was you."

Hallie rolled her eyes. In JT's head his sense of humor was actually appreciated. Not so much in real life.

She tried telling JT about Cameron’s wedding on two occasions but stopped short each time. It wasn’t until much later when the plates of food were cleared away and the bottle of wine mostly drunk that she came out with it.

"So Cameron’s getting married," she said in the most casual voice she could muster.

JT raised his pierced eyebrow. “Oh. I see.”

Several beats passed before she realized he wasn’t going to say anything else.

“I’m thinking of going home for the wedding,” she said finally.

"What about the Montgomery problem? You guys can't have worked through all those legal problems already."

"I didn't say we had," Hallie shot back tracing the outline of her wine glass with her index finger. JT offered her a sympathetic smile. "You're doing that thing you do when you're nervous."

"I haven't had a vacation in the two years I've been working with the firm," she reasoned. "What could Mr. Carson say?"

He laughed the hearty laugh that was so distinctly JT. "I don't know babe. You tell me."

The fear she was committing a fatal error clogged Hallie’s throat. She had been lucky to land a job as an Associate in such a prestigious law firm right out of law school. JT had tried for the past two years to assure her that luck had nothing to do with it. She'd graduated from Oxford with a nearly perfect First Class Honors law degree before enrolling at NYU despite offers and scholarships from Harvard and Yale. At NYU she kept her head down and immersed herself in work and was rewarded by graduating at the near top of her class. That Carson, Rowling and Potter hired her as an Associate straight out of Law School wasn't a surprise to JT but Hallie spent all her time being afraid of making some misstep that would cost her the job of her dreams. As she watched JT's worried face, she wondered if trying to go home for Cameron's wedding would do it. Her stomach clenched. Cameron almost ruined her once before and she'd be damned if she allowed him, even indirectly, to finish the job.



***

JT watched Hallie as she ate. He tried to focus on what she was saying instead of how her lips looked around the fork. They'd long moved past the topic of her wanting to take time off from work and settled on more neutral ground. He'd watched as the stress eased out of her face and her shoulders loosened as she delved into office politics. Many of the Associates hated the exposure she got. He supposed he could see how they could resent a twenty-eight year old who seemed like their bosses' golden child. Hell, most people hadn't even passed the bar exam by twenty-eight much less be employed by one of the legal giants in New York City.

"How important is this wedding anyway?" he asked. Hallie stopped talking abruptly. He didn't blame her for feeling disoriented at how he completely changed their line of conversation.

"It's Cameron's wedding," she said as if it explained everything.

He raised an eyebrow. "Why would it be so important for you to go to Cameron's wedding?"

She shrugged. "He invited me."

"That's a bullshit answer and you know it."

JT refused to analyze the strange emotion he felt. It was a weird mixture of concern and anger. He'd been friends with Hallie long enough to know who Cameron was. He wasn't sure why she'd want to go the wedding of the first man she loved. The man who hadn't loved her back.

He pushed his wine glass away. Hallie didn’t have to tell him how crushing it must have been for her teenage self to love her best friend. At least JT was able to convince himself Hallie didn’t know about his feelings. Cameron knew Hallie loved him and he’d thrown that love right back in her face.

"Why are you looking at me like that?"

Her soft query brought him back to the present. He shook his head slowly and sighed. "I just don't want you hurt, Hallie."

She smiled at him. "It was just a kid crush."

The smile was meant to reassure him but it had the opposite effect. JT noticed the way her lips were tight around the corners and her eyes were flat.

He reached across the table and covered her hands with his. The pleasure he felt when he touched her warm, soft skin was enough to make him silently curse. "Just be careful."

"Caution is my middle name," she said grinning. Her smile was more natural this time and it lit up her whole face.

He returned the smile. "Try that on someone who doesn't know you."

He was only half joking. Hallie possessed a zest for life that often left him dizzy and her in trouble.

He dropped five fifty-dollar bills on the table to cover their check and followed her out of the restaurant. Her jeans hugged her pert, apple shaped ass in ways that filled him with heat. He tried to reason with his wayward body that this was Hallie. Even though she was sensuous and sexy as hell, she was his best friend and off limits. His body wasn’t up to listening. Hell, it never was.



JT walked to his Upper West Side apartment with the scent of Hallie's vanilla and strawberry fragrance following behind him like a ghost. This was the way it usually was whenever he met up with Hallie. They would hug each other goodbye and he would leave with lust deep in his belly. It was even worse now that he knew what she looked like naked. If he closed his eyes long enough he could imagine the round fullness of her brown breasts, her narrow waist and her curvy hips. JT sighed, tonight called for a cold shower. He kicked at snow on the sidewalk. A cold shower in the heart of winter would be hell but lying in bed with a raging hard on and thoughts of Hallie was a unique brand of torture.





CHAPTER THREE



Thursday nights were sacred between the Johnson brothers. For as long as JT could remember he, Jaxon, Orlando and Jasper would lock Jasmine out and bond. Something that seemed so necessary as teenagers and young adults still continued now. Jaxon, Orlando and Jasper were all in the family business and worked along with Jasmine in the Manhattan firm. Jaxon and Orlando manned the commercial department while Jasper dealt mostly with arbitration and mediation and their baby sister set her sights on being the best attorney in the Criminal department. At twenty-eight it was almost laughable how different Jasper and Jasmine were. Sure, they shared a womb and both shared the same smile and oval eyes but while Jasmine was in your face and confident, Jasper was a pacifist. Lately, JT realized his youngest brother was just a coward.



Orlando glanced from JT to Jasper as he shuffled the cards and dished out the poker chips. “You guys still on this shit?”

“It’s all good,” JT said. He took a swig of his beer and gave Jasper a pointed look daring him to challenge the statement. Things were not good between him and his brother since JT stumbled across a secret Jasper was trying very hard to keep. JT wouldn’t breach Jasper’s trust by bringing it to the family’s attention but that didn’t mean he was going to pretend he liked it.

“Everything’s fine,” Jasper said right on cue but Orlando gave them both a look that told them to cut the bullshit. Orlando came to the Johnson clan at eleven with enough angst to sink a ship but, as their father tended to joke, he had more Johnson traits in his little finger than JT possessed in his whole body. One of those traits was persistence and JT believed if Orlando really wanted to know what the sudden beef between him and Jasper was he’d probe until he found it. As it was, Orlando excused himself from the poker table to let Jaxon in.



Jaxon strode in with fried chicken and the air of contentment that seemed to follow him. JT sometimes found himself jealous as hell of the love Jaxon shared with his wife but he couldn’t begrudge his brother his happiness. Jaxon and Maya’s journey wasn’t a smooth one. Jaxon lost the love of his life, Charlotte, in the worst of circumstances before he was given a second shot at love. JT was still hoping for one shot.



Soon their Thursday night poker session gave way to eating, drinking and swapping crude insults at each other. They never actually exchanged money during their poker sessions but the loser was always required to bring the food and drinks to the next one.

“Is this your fifth loss?” Jasper asked Jaxon with a huge grin.

“Don’t remind me,” he chuckled. “I’m gonna get out of here before I lose any more dignity.”

“You mean you’re running home to your wife,” Orlando said.

Jaxon’s smile widened. “We’re trying for another baby.”

“Too much information,” JT teased. “I don’t want to imagine you and Maya trying for anything.”

Yet, he could imagine how amazing it would be to create new life with someone you loved. Not for the first time, JT decided something had to be done about Hallie. He couldn’t live in the shadowy purgatory of loving someone he couldn’t have forever. It was just that no matter how hard he tried no other woman measured up to his best friend.



***



Hallie crossed her leg and smoothed her sensible, black pantsuit. Her heart thudded hard against his chest as she looked around the sleek office of Carson, Rowling and Potter's most senior partner, Daniel Carson. She’d sent in her request for ten days off to HR over a week ago and when she was summoned to her boss’ office she knew it wasn’t going to be an easy sell.

Carson offered her a cup of coffee and asked about the cases she’d been assigned before he reclined in his chair and got down to the real reason he asked to see her.

"I hear you're seeking leave," the man said. He patted his silver hair, adjusted his tie and continued, "Nearly two whole weeks of it."

"My friend is getting married," she said. "And I haven't been home in a while. I thought I could use up the time I didn't take last Christmas."

The elderly man puffed on his cigar. "Can't you tell this friend of yours to get married next month?"

Hallie laughed. What she'd like to do was tell Cameron not to marry Mindy at all. She cringed at the silly 'Marry me instead' routine that flittered, almost on cue, across her thoughts. Oh come on Hal, her mind chided, it was just a kid crush.

Of course that didn't explain why she hadn't been sleeping well since she’d opened the invitation nearly two weeks before.

"Well," Mr. Carson said. "I don’t like it but I’m hardly in a position to fight you. You're a hard, diligent worker. I'd like to have you sitting in on the negotiations with me but I find it unfair to deny the person who has been working overtime for the past four months overdue vacation days."

Hallie let out the breath she hadn't been aware she was holding.

"Thanks."

"Hand over all your notes and research to the Associate I assigned to take your place."

Hallie nodded and promised she’d do more than hand over the notes. She’d spend some time briefing whoever got the file. It was unlikely they would have to do much additional research since she'd thoroughly researched the law on the restrictive covenants applicable to the Condos for any loophole likely to help their clients. She found several. The new Associate just needed to follow up her research and stick to the script. Hallie walked from the office confident that no one in the firm could be idiotic enough to mess things up. When she rounded the corner, she collided with Dustin Palmer. She glared at him. There was the one idiot in the office who could, in his effort to appear more intelligent than he actually was, mess up the deal. She could see him deviating from the plan she'd prepared just out of some hope he'd leave the partners speechless.

"Where you off to Dustin?" she asked tightly trying to keep control in her voice. She was hoping he was lost but that was unlikely. He wouldn't be on this floor unless a partner summoned him and there was only one office around that corner: Daniel Carson’s.

He flashed her a blinding smile she’d once considered attractive. "Carson wanted to see me about partnering up with him on the Montgomery Estates matter. I haven't worked so closely with a partner yet. As you’d know Hallie, not all of us can be the partners' pet."

Hallie wanted to slap him for insinuating she didn't get assigned cases based on her merit but exercised restraint. She and Dustin had the worst working relationship in the world. Hallie understood now why people were so adamant that it was stupid to date a co-worker. It made zero sense to date someone you’d still have to see after the breakup. Especially if things ended on a bad note.

“Just follow my notes Dustin,” she said instead.

"I've been an attorney longer than you have cupcake," he responded blithely. "I think I can manage."



She was still fuming from her run-in with Dustin when she returned to her desk. JT was going to laugh his ass off when she told him about her latest confrontation with the man who dumped her by moving in another woman while she wasn’t looking. She’d only just started to regain her composure when her cell phone rang. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath before checking the ID. She was stunned at the "268" area code. Hallie said a silent prayer for strength as she answered the call, "Hello?"

"Hallie, oh my goodness sweetheart. I haven't heard from you in so long. I got your number from Matilda who got it from Abby."

Hallie silently cursed Abby for not giving her the heads up about this. She needed time to compose herself. When she decided to cut Cameron from her life his entire family was a part of the package. Listening to Mrs. Kensington’s voice filled Hallie with equal parts wistfulness and guilt.

She tried to push the negative emotions to the back of her mind. She'd have time to analyze her feelings later when she was home in her pajamas with a glass of wine at her feet.

“Mrs. Kensington! How are you?”

She laughed and Hallie found herself drawn into the familiar comfort of that laughter.

“I guess you’re a bit too old to call me Auntie Janet now aren’t you? We received your confirmation but didn’t get your date’s name.”

The nice little trip she was taking down memory lane stopped abruptly. “Date?”

“Boyfriend? Husband? Your escort to the wedding?”

Hallie rolled her eyes heavenwards. The only thing she'd wanted at the beginning of all of this was for the nightmare to be quick and painless. How could she show up to the wedding of the only person she’d ever loved and admit her romantic life had crashed and burned?

After a few minutes, Hallie did the only thing a girl could do.

"James Thomas Johnson," she said calmly. "But JT would be fine."





CHAPTER FOUR



Three hours after the lie slipped out of her mouth Hallie was no closer to having any idea what she would tell JT. At first she thought she could play it off by saying he got sick or had to work when she showed up alone but she slowly started warming to the idea. Having JT there wouldn’t be so bad, would it? He would keep her sane. She toyed with the best way to ask JT to pretend to be her boyfriend while she prepared for the dinner party she was hosting. Hallie set the small, circular oak table with large, silver plates and deep blue napkins. She planned to entertain her friends over lasagna, feta spinach salad and lots of wine and looked forward to putting the entire wedding fiasco behind her so she could enjoy herself. Hallie rolled her neck from side to side trying to work out the knots she'd managed to put in it threatening Dustin after she hung up with Mrs. Kensington. She thought of all the things he'd do to sabotage her original research just to piss her off and cringed. She took a large gulp of her wine. Her impromptu trip back home was becoming a complicated mess.



Her doorbell chimed just as she begun to add parsley and red wine to her pasta sauce. She glanced at the clock above her stove and realized it was only 6:00 PM. Hallie grinned and opened the door knowing it had to be Chantal.

“How are you always so ridiculously early. The lasagna hasn’t even gone in yet.”

Chantal waddled into the room with her hand massaging her lower back and sunk down into Hallie’s plushy couch with the grace only a late-term-mother-to-be could pull off. “Something smells great though,” she said. “Besides, you should grateful for the company.”

"How are you?" Hallie asked.

"Ready to deliver," Chantal responded even though Hallie hadn’t even finished asking the question. Hallie smiled. She was sure that if she looked like someone stuck a hose up her ass and blew her up she'd be ready to deliver too. From where she sat, however, she couldn't help but feel a pang of jealousy. Although she wasn't quite ready for motherhood, she craved for the stable, loving relationship her friend was in. Hallie was starting to fear she'd never meet a man she would even consider having kids with.



Hallie met Chantal, a quirky teller at Bank of America, during her early days at NYU. She liked to consider herself beige, which was slang for boring. Hallie rolled her eyes just thinking about that. The only thing beige about Chantal was her skin tone – a testament to her Hispanic father and something she played up with her wardrobe, makeup and hair color. It was her vibrancy that first drew the attention of her fiancé and it was her sweetness, Hallie was sure, that would guarantee Malique would never set his sights anywhere else.

"So what's going on with you?" Chantal asked.

"Nothing much. I'm going to Antigua for a couple days next week."

She made a face. "Wait? You're taking a vacation?"

Hallie laughed out loud. "I'm sure weirder things have happened."

"Did your mother have a seizure when she heard that the prodigal daughter was returning home?” Chantal asked before suddenly becoming serious. "Wait? Did your mother die?"

"Oh come on," Hallie rolled her eyes. "Ma is off somewhere in the Mediterranean right now."

At least she thought she was. Trying to keep track of her mother was like a never ending game of 'Where's Wally?'

Chantal continued looking at her expectantly and after some hesitation she launched into an explanation.

"Damn," she said eventually. "If I weren't due in two weeks I’d come along just for the entertainment."

"Hopefully JT isn't this excited to see me crash and burn," Hallie said dryly. Chantal only smiled wider and stuffed feta cheese into her mouth.

"Where is my sexy, chocolate cake anyway?" she asked.

"You’re married with a little one on the way. You aren't allowed to think about JT that way," Hallie teased.

Chantal shrugged. "But you are."

Hallie made a face. "I wouldn't want to think of JT that way. That's almost incest."

"Your loss," Chantal challenged.

“Let’s not go down this road,” Hallie said trying to fight the uneasiness she felt. “His sister and sister-in-law will be here soon.”

Maya and Jasmine arrived closer to the scheduled time. She’d met Jasmine shortly after meeting JT and found that she immediately clicked with her. They tried to meet up at least twice per month. Jasmine was tall, like the Johnsons all were, with smooth, deeply dark brown skin. Her unprocessed hair was pulled back into a tight bun.

“What happened to the every day twist out goal you had for this month?”

“She was never going to be able to do that,” Maya said with a laugh. Hallie loved Maya. She’d yet to see a woman get so much thrown at her and come out on the other side. Just a couple hours after finding out her surrogacy of her best friend Charlotte and Jaxon’s child was successful, Maya held Charlotte as she died. To say Maya wasn’t ready to deal with motherhood or Jaxon, for that matter, was an understatement. But somewhere along the line she fell in love with both.



Hallie didn’t want a love story half as scary or messy as Maya and Jaxon’s was but she admired their love. Jaxon looked at Maya like she was the only woman in the world and Maya glowed in the knowledge of his utter and complete love.

Cameron’s wedding came up somewhere between appetizers and the main course. Chantal sipped her water before she turned to Jasmine and said smugly, “Hallie’s going to ask JT to pretend to be her boyfriend.”

Jasmine grinned. “You guys should go for the real deal. Buy a veil, hire a church and make it all official.”

Hallie wasn’t sure what expression flittered across her face but almost as soon as it was out of her mouth Jasmine quickly recanted, “Don’t worry Hal, I’m just kidding.”

“No,” Hallie said trying to find a good way to deal with the awkwardness. “JT is great and he’ll make a woman amazingly happy one day but he’s basically my brother.”

Chantal sucked her teeth. “You gonna learn one day.”

“What does that mean?”

“That man is not your brother.”

Maya chuckled under her breath and Jasmine looked at her with speculation.

“Drop it Chan,” Hallie said decisively trying to shake off the way she felt. “I’ll be JT’s best woman… not his bride.”

Chantal shrugged. “Yeah. You’re gonna learn.”





CHAPTER FIVE



“I’ll never get over this feeling,” JT said. Jasmine linked her arm through his and smiled.

“I wouldn’t either but I guess I’m destined to be a part of the logic brigade.”

The ‘logic brigade’ was the affectionate nickname he’d given to his collective siblings because he boasted that he was the only one with any creativity. He realized a couple months ago that that wasn’t strictly true but JT wasn’t going to be the one to correct the assumption. He and Jasmine stood outside a small SoHo Gallery that housed some of his most recent works. JT couldn’t describe the way he felt every time he passed his art in a gallery or better yet someone’s home or office. He often thought the struggle he went through to bring each piece from his imagination into real life was the only part of the process that was actually his. Once he released his work into the world he no longer owned them and damn it if he didn’t feel a wallop of pride watching them succeed.

“Shall we go in?” Jasmine asked.

“Nah. I’m proud,” JT responded with a grin. “Not vain. Let’s find this cupcake place and get down to business.”

Except JT didn’t even know what their business was meant to be. Jasmine called him earlier that morning and suggested they met up for cupcakes and coffee, raved about a vegan place in the middle of Soho she loved and set a time. This was all without JT managing to get one word in. JT saw the tension around her eyes when she greeted him but didn’t comment on it. Jasmine would tell him whatever she had to say when she was good and ready.

It took two miniature cupcakes and half of a latte before Jasmine pushed her cup aside and spoke, “I’m having issues at work.”

“What kind of issues?”

“I’m being bullied by another Associate.”

Jasmine shook her head and smiled wryly. “I know that sounds whiney but it’s the only way I can describe the ass this guy’s being. I didn’t want to talk to any of the others about it.”

She launched into her grievances about a newly headhunted attorney, Alec Alvarez, who seemed to think his Harvard educated sister only got her job because her father and uncle founded the firm. JT understood why it would be important to speak to the brother not involved in any of the office drama. He wanted to rip the guy a new one for frustrating his baby sister and he had no doubt the others would feel the same way. Having her three brothers show up to bash this guy’s face in wouldn’t do anything to dispel his belief that she didn’t deserve her job.

“I wish I didn’t have to work with him,” Jasmine was saying. “He’s an ass.”

He threw his arm around his sister’s shoulder. “You’re gonna have to do it anyway kiddo. Maybe you should speak to Hal about how she manages to work with her nemesis.”

He smiled when he remembered all the times Hallie called him swearing he’d have to take his bar exam so he could represent her in her murder trial because of something Dustin had done.

“You love her don’t you?” Jasmine asked so quietly he almost didn’t hear her. He nodded and shrugged. “I do.”

It was obvious Jasmine didn’t mean on a friendly level and JT equally didn’t see the need to lie about it.

He watched as Jasmine’s face dropped. Suddenly her agitated look was gone and his sister looked near tears.

“Hey,” he said as he rubbed her shoulder. “What’s wrong Jazzy?”

“I don’t think you should pine after Hallie, JT.”

“I’m not.”

Jasmine nodded. “You are but I don’t think she’ll stop seeing you as a big brother.”

“What are you talking about?”

Stop seeing him as a big brother. He wasn’t aware she saw him as a big brother in the first place.

“Sorry,” his sister said. He could see the cogs turning in her head. Jasmine was about to backtrack faster than the Road Runner but he wouldn’t allow it. It took nearly six minutes before she said.

“We were round by hers for dinner the other night and I made a joke about you guys getting married and she looked horrified. She said you’d make another woman a great husband but not her.”

The words stung each millimeter along the way as they pierced his heart. The bright walls of the little, vegan eatery suddenly seemed washed out.

“I’m fine,” he said with cheer he didn’t feel. “I’m not pining over Hallie. There are way too many women in New York for me to get to that level.”

Brightness returned to Jasmine’s face. “That’s good.”

JT hugged his baby sister tightly. He was happy he’d managed to fool her even if he couldn’t fool himself.





CHAPTER SIX



Hallie put off trying to recruit JT to be her ‘date’ for Cameron’s wedding until it was impossible to procrastinate any longer. She sent him a text message asking if she could pop by his apartment with lunch as soon as she got to the office that morning. He said he’d be a bit busy around midday so they agreed to 2:30. Hallie arrived to JT’s half an hour earlier than they agreed with oxtail and rice and peas from the Jamaican place they both loved.

“Damn it Chantal is rubbing off on me,” she murmured as she rang the doorbell. Hallie rolled her eyes. This had nothing to do with Chantal but more with the nerves twisting her stomach into Celtic knots.

JT appeared to the door shirtless with his locs falling loosely to his shoulder. She averted her gaze to his face but not quickly enough to miss the sheen of sweat against his abs or the nipple piercing she’d threatened him with Fire and Brimstone against getting but he’d gone ahead and done it anyway.

“You’re early,” he said at the same time a lilting, feminine voice called for him.

“Oh,” she said. If she had been several shades lighter her cheeks would have gone red. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize…”

“It’s fine. She was getting ready to leave anyway.”

“I can…”

“Don’t be silly Hallie,” he said. He took the takeaway bag from her and stepped aside, allowing her into the apartment. The nerves in her stomach seemed to knot further into themselves when the tall, willowy woman with café-au-lait skin and frizzy hair emerged from JT’s room still adjusting the buttons on her blouse.

“Oh hi,” she said when she spotted Hallie. Then, before Hallie could answer, she kissed JT on the cheek, promised to be in touch and left.

A million and one questions swirled around Hallie’s head but she didn’t ask any of them. She didn’t want to seem jealous. Jealous? Where did that word even come from? JT was just a friend. What did she care about who he had sex with? But she realized, with a start, that she did. She’d quietly compared herself with the woman, who was probably one of his models, and found herself lacking. She busied herself with plating their food so she didn’t have to face the weird feeling in her gut. She’d deal with those emotions later when she had everything under control.



"Remember when you asked me to pose for you?" Hallie asked when she handed him his food. JT raised an eyebrow and chuckled. "I don’t think I like the way this conversation is going."

The year before, after nearly five years of friendship, JT decided Hallie would make a good subject and asked her to pose. To say that she wasn't enthusiastic was an understatement. Being naked in front of anyone was intimidating and intimidated did not even begin to describe the way she felt even thinking about stripping down for JT. She'd seen his sketches and sculptures over the years and he'd had some pretty impressive subjects. Subjects that didn’t have an ounce of misplaced fat anywhere and perfect hourglass figures. Hallie was pretty sure JT had never seen love handles before she posed for him. She was dead set on saying no until JT promised he would owe her a huge favor if she posed for him.

She had leaned over and grinned. "So much trouble to see me naked babe? Why not wine and dine me like regular guys do?"

When Hallie thought of the best way to guilt JT into agreeing to her scheme the ‘repay your favor’ route seemed like the best way to go. JT didn't only get several sketches and two sculptures out of her posing but he’d also sold them all. So notwithstanding the fact she'd claimed the big favor less than two weeks after it was promised in the form of calming shades of blues and green in her living room, Hallie figured he was still indebted.

"You still owe me that favor," she said.

JT looked up from his plate. "Well Hal, I think I have some turquoise paint permanently lodged under my fingernails and a scar on my knee to prove I paid up."

"I need you to come to Antigua with me."

"You need me to do what?"

"I can't show up to Cameron's wedding without a boyfriend. Do you know how pathetic that would make me look?"

He shrugged. "About as pathetic as you look sitting here thinking he'd give enough of a damn to notice."

Hallie winced. JT had never been one to mince words but that hurt. He rubbed her back and leaned in to plant a small kiss on her forehead. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you."

"I have to be there for an entire week of pre-wedding celebrations," she said. "I can't do it alone."

"Ask one of those guys from the firm. They will be a lot more impressive than a wayward artist."

Hallie leaned into the hug JT offered. "Yeah, I can see it now. Maybe I should bring Dustin."

They both laughed at the image of her and Dustin trying to be civil to each other.

"So will you help me?" she asked again. She could see a softening in his brown eyes and knew he was running out of excuses.

"You’re obsessive about this," he commented softly. "Move on. The boy was never worth it."

"It isn't about him," Hallie said. Her voice was bitterer than she'd intended. "I was the person voted in high school most likely to end up being the cat lady. I don't want to prove them right."

JT ran his thumb over her cheek. "You're not alone Hallie. You've never been."

"I will be alone in Antigua if you don't come with me."

“Are you going to go all Julia Roberts in My Best Friend’s Wedding on me?” he asked.

She heard the teasing note in his voice and ignored the question. “Stop being difficult and say you’ll come with me.”

Several minutes passed before he eventually said, "I guess I could use the sunshine."

Hallie grinned. "This is why I love you."

She started gathering up her stuff and promised she'd email all the details he needed. Then, with a small wave she left.



****



JT swallowed a curse as he watched Hallie leave. He should've told her that her plan didn't make sense and refuse to go with her then convince her that going to Antigua was a bad idea altogether. Instead, he managed to get drawn into her crazy scheme. This wouldn't be the first time he pretended to be her boyfriend. But this would be the first time he'd do so after he admitted he was in love with her and knew for sure she didn’t love him back. He didn't doubt he'd be able to pull off the loving glances and tender caresses perfectly but what would happen if Hallie realized he wasn't acting?



JT still couldn’t concentrate on the painting he’d been working on long after Hallie left. He tapped his paintbrush against his easel before returning it to the table. The colors were all wrong. Try as he might, JT couldn’t get his vision from his mind to the easel. He dialed Hallie’s number three times but stopped at the last digit. He wasn’t going to back out of their agreement and it was best he didn’t pretend otherwise. He very rarely ever managed to tell her no - even when it was in both their interests that he did.

The minutes passed by in a lazy haze and eventually JT couldn't pretend any longer that he would get any work done.

He packed away his supplies and rung up the only person able to help him sort through the mess he knew he'd made of things.

"Want to get a beer after work?" he asked when Jaxon answered on the second ring.

"What did Hallie do?" his brother asked not bothering to hide the amusement in his voice.

"Stop having a laugh at my expense," JT protested. Jaxon didn't see the point of JT not being up front with Hallie about his feelings. It was something they argued about every time the topic came up. JT tried to explain that the rules were not the same when you also ran the risk of destroying a friendship. That also went out the window now he knew Hallie wasn’t interested. JT now knew that his feelings would have to run their course.

"So what happened?" Jaxon asked again. JT gave him a quick rundown of the situation and wasn't surprised when his brother chuckled at the end.

"Forget drinks. Orlando and I will be over after work. Baby brother, I think it is time we staged an intervention."



JT's brothers ambled into his apartment several hours later with pizza and beer. Orlando loosened his tie and sunk into the couch. He uncorked a beer and glanced at Jaxon.

"I'm here for the pizza. Everyone knows JT needs more than an intervention."

"A miracle," Jaxon chuckled.

Orlando took a long sip of his beer. "More like he needs salvation."

JT sat opposite his teasing brothers. "He's right here and doesn't need the intervention of Jesus."

Orlando laughed. "That's not what Grams Nona says whenever she sees your tattoos."

For a moment JT cast off the Hallie stress and laughed. His father didn't take his transformation lightly but nothing could compare to the way the matriarch of the Johnson family disapproved of JT's new lifestyle. He offended every, single one of Nona Johnson's Southern Baptist roots. She'd once joked about converting to Catholicism just to get her hands on some holy water. At least they all thought she was joking. Sometimes you couldn't quite tell with Grams Nona.

"I think you should call Genevieve and work your sexual frustration out. Then, continue doing what you always do. It's either going to fade away or come to a head eventually," Orlando suggested.

JT thought of the stunning French model he had an arrangement with. She knew he didn't want anything more and was fine with that. JT just wasn't comfortable with the way Hallie’s face popped into his head whenever he slid inside her. “I saw Genevieve today.”

Jaxon thought for a while and said, “Well I guess we’ll just have to wait for things to come to a head.”

"The way you say come to a head actually worries me."

His brother shrugged. "There really is only so much pressure your emotions can take JT. You're not superman, no matter how many times you dressed up as him for Halloween growing up. I think you should tell her.”

JT and Orlando gave him a look that said 'tell us something we don't already know.'

Jaxon surprised them by continuing with his pizza mere inches from his mouth. "But believe it or not I do understand that you fear losing her as your best friend. So my next suggestion is to stop blurring the fucking lines. You shouldn't pretend to be her guy. Not on this trip or at any other time. Tell her you changed your mind."

Orlando made a sound in his throat. "You know JT’d prefer to chop off his dick than break a promise to anyone. Especially Hallie."

"We aren't going to talk you out of this are we?" Jaxon asked.

JT thought about it for a while then decided to go for the truth. "No."

"Well the only thing to ask is that you keep us updated on your demise," Orlando quipped.

JT rolled his eyes. He enjoyed his brothers’ teasing and he often gave as good as he got. However, the thought that Jaxon might've hit closer to the truth than he liked chaffed his already sore heart. It wasn’t until much later as he lay alone in bed, he wondered why he’d been too afraid to tell the men who knew him better than anyone that Hallie didn’t love him back.





CHAPTER SEVEN

Three Weeks Later



Hallie hated travelling. She hated the lines, lugging baggage and cramped airlines. She hoisted her bag on the scale and grumbled when the cheery check in assistant announced that she was overweight. Eyeing the burgundy suitcase, Hallie reached for her wallet and muttered, “I get the feeling the bag weighs more than the clothes inside.”

The check in assistant chuckled but reached for the fifty-dollar bill all the same. Hallie grinned. If she was looking for sympathy she was barking up the wrong tree.



Her mind flicked to JT as she prepared to join the massive security line. JT perfected the struggling artist look but not many other aspects of his life fell into that category. He never flaunted his wealth but it was hard for those around him to forget he was a ‘trust fund brat’ as he fondly referred to himself and his siblings. He booked his ticket before Hallie had a chance to remind him there was no way she could afford to pay for a business class ticket on top of all the trip’s other expenses. He, predictably, offered to cover the difference but she refused. She was asking a big enough favor without including covering her travel expenses too.

“We’ll meet up when the plane lands then,” JT had said when he realized she wouldn’t change her mind.

“Can’t you downgrade your ticket or something?” Hallie asked. The comment seemed to fly over JT’s head for all the attention he gave it. He leaned forward and kissed her cheek. “That’s what you get for being stubborn.”

She’d playfully smacked him on the arm when he said, “Gorgeous but stubborn.”

Her stomach did the little flips she’d become accustomed to whenever JT paid her a compliment. He always said them with such warmth and genuineness she couldn’t help but feel special. It was no small wonder she adored him. Her conversation with Chantal resurfaced but she pushed the thoughts away. Why did everyone think it was impossible for a woman and a man to be good friends without sexual frisson getting in the way? She adored JT, yes, but much in the same way she adored Abby. She didn’t particularly want to take either of them to bed.



Hallie wasn’t feeling much adoration for JT as she stood in the line irritated with how slowly the families in front of her were going while JT sat in the first class lounge sipping champagne. Well, at least that’s what he said in his gloating message. She tried to fight her annoyance or, if she’d admit it to herself, jealousy. JT was allowed to travel however he chose as long as they pulled off the perfect scheme.



She took deep breaths and tried to hold the panic that skirted around the edges of her consciousness at bay. JT tried to convince her even up to the night before that this was a disaster waiting to happen. She had three messages on her phone from Abby suggesting it was probably best she sat the wedding out. Hallie pulled her hair into a scrunchie. She never thought she’d see the day JT and Abby would agree on anything yet they felt very strongly about this. Hallie sighed. They didn’t even know the full story. Pain twisted in her gut as her mind threatened to go through gates she’d bolted shut long ago. Her friends didn’t understand but she needed to do this. She needed to show Cameron that she was okay – stronger, better. He hadn’t broken her and never would.



Hallie managed to shrug off the bitter thoughts by the time she boarded the plane. She passed JT snuggled into his seat with a glass of wine in his hand. She slid into the empty seat beside him. “Hey there stranger.”

She saw the teasing glint in his eyes before he spoke a word and shot him a warning look. As usual he didn’t pay any attention to her.

“Next time you should take me up on my offer.”

“Stop gloating or else I’ll strangle you in your sleep.”

Some of the threat was lost in the way she smiled when she said it.

JT shrugged. “You can’t kill me. You need me.”

“Don’t test that theory.”

She started to get up when he pulled her into a hug. She leaned into him allowing herself to enjoy the way his body felt against hers for a couple of seconds. Planting a kiss on the side of her head he said, “You love me too much.”

She started muttering some smart-ass comment when something pulled her up short.

“You’re right,” she said. “I do. You’re still a pain in my ass though.”

“Enjoy your flight,” he grinned.

Hallie finally made her way to her seat and prayed that the three and a half hours would fly by. Within half of an hour she was experiencing every cliché of a hellish flight. The only thing missing was the crying baby. She had the kid with the kicking complex sitting behind her and the woman who needed to go to the bathroom every two seconds sitting in the window seat. When JT sent back a miniature bottle of champagne, Hallie almost ran into the business class cabin to kiss him but that would only show him she regretted not taking up his offer. He’d gloat about it for the rest of the trip and then she might really have to kill him.



Her mood didn’t improve when she realized JT had cleared immigrations, customs and was waiting in a taxi by the time she wheeled her suitcase outside the newly built airport.

“So the next time we travel together…” he started but she silenced him with a look.

Hallie managed to calm down as they settled in on the drive from the airport to Dickenson Bay where their hotel was located. She took in the developments that sprung up since she’d last been home and gazed up in wonder at the blue skies. The warmth made the flight from hell so worth it.



“You know what I realized on the way down here?” JT asked after a couple of minutes.

Hallie rummaged through her purse for lip balm, took one look at him and told him she didn’t want to know.

He grinned and said, “You never denied planning to go Julia Roberts on me.”

Hallie glared at JT because it was all she could do to not buckle under the swift wave of shame she felt. She wouldn’t deny she wanted to rip into Cameron for all the things that went wrong all those years ago but she didn’t want to steal him from Mindy. She wanted to make him see and regret what he gave up.

“I’m not going to try to stop the wedding,” she said with a sigh.

It prickled her nerves that JT looked unconvinced. Eventually her annoyance gave way to concern that JT wouldn’t be the only person to think she had wedding wrecking plans on her mind.

Hallie watched Antigua whizz by and for the first time she regretted deciding to come.





CHAPTER EIGHT



JT hadn’t hid his amusement or smart-ass comments when he and Hallie sat down over coffee to choose their hotel two weeks before they were set to travel. Hallie had listed all the reasons the Sandals Grande Resort was the best pick but all those reasons seemed to fly over JT’s head.

“Should I be booking you into psychotherapy?” he’d asked with a grin.

“It’s on one of the best beaches, has a private pool and is all inclusive,” she’d countered but JT wasn’t pacified.

“It sends a packed message,” he’d said after a pause. “Hal, Cameron won’t notice any of this.”

Hallie contemplated trying to convince him she didn’t pick Sandals for show but decided against it. She generally drew the line at lying to herself. Who was she to complain? That the best option for a hotel happened to send a pretty packed message was only gravy.



They chatted on the short drive from the airport to the hotel carefully avoiding any of their battleground topics. JT didn’t remind her that he thought this was a bad idea and she was able to relax into the rays of sunshine warming her skin. They spent a few minutes exploring the lobby before they began the check in process.

JT placed his hand on her lower back as the reservation agent whirled away at the keyboard and the porter took their bags to their suite. She told herself that JT was just adjusting into the role of supportive boyfriend but couldn’t deny how natural the intimate gesture felt.



JT started placing his clothing in the mahogany chest of drawers while Hallie tipped their porter.

“You took the dresser?” Hallie said. “You don’t even need storage space!”

She fell backwards on the four-poster bed and looked around the room. It was as impressive as it appeared in the photos on the website. JT closed his final drawer, plopped down next to her and took her hand in his. “Fine I’ll be a good boyfriend and relinquish to you twenty percent of my storage space.”

“You’re impossible.”

“You take life too seriously,” he said reaching out to tuck her hair behind her ear. “Sometimes you just need to have fun.”

Hallie sat up in bed and smothered the laugh in her throat. “James Thomas Johnson! Are you planning to sabotage me?”

He chuckled. “I’m low but I’m not that low.”

Hallie stared at him and sure enough after a few minutes he amended, “Okay. I am that low but only when it isn’t serious.”

“The last time you pretended to be my boyfriend you told my mother I cheated on you.”

He grinned. “Wasn’t it funny how she lost it?”

Funny was not the word Hallie would use to describe it. Her mother was the most conservative person in the world. Hallie wouldn’t even dare have JT pretend to be her boyfriend to her mother after his transformation. She’d take one look at his hair and mutter something about dreadlocks and weed. It wouldn’t matter that JT’s weed smoking teenage rebellion days were long behind him by the time he started growing his locs. Then she’d probably pass out at the sight of the tattoos. Hallie thought the tattoos of Egyptian symbols that stretched across JT’s back and abdomen were the sexiest thing ever and she was sure if she admitted that to her mother she’d ask where she went wrong with raising her.

“This isn’t a joke,” Hallie said propping herself up on one elbow so that he could see how sincere she was being. “This is serious.”

She’d tried several times before to tell JT that this wasn’t just about Cameron but he refused to believe her. Hallie still couldn’t decide if she received an invite just because Mindy fancied seeing her squirm or if it really were an olive branch from Cameron. Whatever it was, Hallie knew Mindy was probably counting on her showing up alone. Mindy wouldn’t be the only one. None of her friends would expect her to have a date. She had never been “out there” and always preferred to be stuck in her books while most girls her age were out with boys and experimenting with makeup and their sex appeal. She remembered Abby telling her once during their first year of University that she wouldn’t be surprised if Hallie remained a virgin until she was thirty. The look on Abby’s face had been priceless when she’d coyly said, “Cameron dealt with that a couple of years ago.”



“I know it’s serious,” JT said snapping her back to the present. “I don’t think he deserves it and I don’t know what you’re out to prove but I love you enough not to show you up in front of these friends of yours.”

Hallie wrapped her arms around her best friend, “I owe you a favor.”

She felt his chest vibrate under her as he laughed. “You know that never ends well between us.”

Hallie lay there embracing JT and laughed until she couldn’t breathe. She knew no matter how much shit hit the fan she’d always have JT in her corner and the comfort she felt in that was enough for her to put her fears behind her.





CHAPTER NINE



Paradise.



That was the only way JT could describe sitting on the sandy beach with a cold beer in hand watching the sun become a ball of fire and the sky go vibrant pink and purple. Hallie was sprawled on a large, pink blanket wearing an itty-bitty bikini that made him go hard. Shortly after unpacking, she decided they should have a quick swim before they got ready for the first pre-wedding celebration. JT was very interested in finally meeting Cameron. He couldn’t understand what was stopping someone as intelligent, caring and beautiful as Hallie from moving on from the little boy who was too stupid to love her back. Hell, he didn’t understand how she couldn’t see that she hadn’t moved on.



Hallie interlocked her fingers and stretched her arms above her head. JT watched as the turquoise material moved with her body. Jesus, he thought, this is going to be a long week.

“Remind me to buy Marcel a drink,” JT teased. “Those workouts have been paying off.”

Hallie smiled shyly. “Don’t. He’ll turn into a monster.”

They sat there in silence for a while. Hallie was focused on the sunset and JT on the woman next to him. His feelings for her were a bitter secret on his tongue and he wanted to blurt it all out but he couldn’t get Jasmine’s worried face or resigned voice from his mind.

“Let’s go swimming,” she said, snapping him from his thoughts. They raced to the calm waters, sunlight still reflecting on the deep blue sea, and dove in. He swam the length of the beach and continued swimming long after Hallie gave up and went off to the room to start getting ready. He swam until the tightening in his lower stomach loosened. JT wondered, for the millionth time, if he made the right choice. Jaxon’s advice seemed even wiser than it did initially. He definitely needed to stop blurring the damn lines. Could he really spend a week holding, cuddling and pretending to pretend to be madly in love with Hallie without losing his mind?

JT thought of her body stretched out on the blanket and just how much he wanted to kiss the shadows the sunset cast against the curve of her neck. That would’ve been inappropriate but how different would it be if they had been with her friends? He could’ve reached out and kissed her without fearing she’d think he was doing anything other than fulfilling his end of the bargain.



JT smiled as he moved from the sandy beach to the winding concrete path leading to their suite. Maybe he was looking at the situation the wrong way. He was either guaranteed seven days of hell or seven days of tasting the piece of heaven he would never have.



****



Hallie wished she and JT had more time to fully explore the hotel and hang out on the beach but Cameron and Mindy’s pre-wedding celebration schedule didn’t allow much leeway.

They were expected to join the rest of the gang for dinner at a restaurant halfway across the island in half of an hour. Hallie tried her best to not worry about the emotions she feared she’d feel when she saw Cameron for the first time in so long. She took a deep breath. She’d have JT by her side and Abby in her corner. She would be okay. She had to be.



Hallie appraised herself in the mirror before tossing a glance at JT over her shoulder and asking, “How do I look?”

“Good.”

Hallie frowned. JT barely glanced from the flat screen TV he’d been glued to for the past fifteen minutes when he realized he managed to put together an outfit before she even started with her makeup. She threw a tube of lipstick at him. JT caught the lipstick with a cheeky smile. “You always look great. Stop fishing for compliments.”

Hallie knew she wasn’t going to get much more from JT so she turned back to the mirror. She would be lying if she said wasn’t impressed with what she saw there. The gold dress clung to her curves and the cinched waistline added to the effect. She turned to the side and grinned at the tight, firmness of her butt. Hallie made a small note to take back all the bad things she said about Marcel as she reached for her heels. She looked better than she had in years so maybe he deserved a drink after all.

“I’m ready if you are,” she said after a couple of minutes.

JT hesitated for a moment muttering something about needing to watch one last play as she stepped outside into the garden area.

Sandals did an amazing job with their villa-suite. They created an oasis with a plunge pool, hot tub and lots of tropical flowers. She smiled as she watched the golden streaks of the sunset in the evening sky. JT was right, she decided. She needed to let go of the tension and try her best to actually enjoy this vacation. It made no sense to put the beautiful surroundings to waste by drowning in emotional angst. She thought of the short walk to Dickenson Bay. If she were going to drown she ought to do it in warm, turquoise waters. Her cell phone vibrated. A text from Abby put flutters of excitement in her belly. Three simple words washed all her worries away: See you soon! Hallie hadn’t seen her best girlfriend in nearly two years and she could hardly wait to see her and her husband, Kane. When she really thought of it Hallie realized she hadn’t seen many of her friends over the past couple years. Her mother accused her of being too concerned with her career to care about keeping her friendships and relationships intact. To an extent she would admit she was guilty as charged but her mother had to know that a part of her was still running. The sunny cloud inside her turned dark. Her mother probably refused to think about the real reason Hallie stayed away from home. She was pretty sure the woman still didn’t forgive her. Hallie shook away thoughts of her mother. She shouldn’t care. The woman wasn’t there the one time she needed her most and Hallie was determined to never need her again.

“So where are we off to?” JT asked once they were settled in the taxi and driving out of the hotel’s compound.

She pulled out the celebration itinerary Cameron’s little sister, Charmaine, had prepared. They were meeting at a restaurant out of the city called ‘Trappas’ before they moved on for wine and champagne back in St John’s.

Trappas turned out to be a bright, cheerful restaurant with a menu that made Hallie’s mouth water.

“I like this place,” JT whispered when he turned away from the menu written on a large blackboard placed next to their table. Several tables were pushed together to accommodate the crowd to come. She saw Leila sitting in the far corner. She smiled when she spotted Hallie. Leila went to high school with Hallie and Abby. She was still the same girl with a wide, bright smile, the deepest brown eyes and smooth, dark skin. Hallie noticed some things changed too. She was a bit rounder around the hips and wore a large rock on her ring finger. Hallie remembered Abby telling her that she’d tied the knot three years ago and just welcomed a baby. She wasn’t prepared for the pang of envy she felt. Leila pushed back her chair and pulled Hallie into a hug just as Stefanie walked in and squealed with delight. Stefanie’s four-inch heels couldn’t hide how petite she was but her neat glasses and pixie cut made her seem more like a sexy librarian than the troublemaker she was growing up. Stefanie was forever sneaking off to do reckless things while telling her parents she was with Abby or Hallie when they were teenagers. It might’ve been a rite of passage except Stefanie never remembered to give them the heads up about using them as a cover. The result was usually Hallie and Abby getting into trouble and Stefanie using her charisma to weasel out of it. Apparently she was working in the negotiation department of some big Canadian firm. Hallie couldn’t think of a better career choice.



Slowly other persons trickled in with their spouses and dates. Hallie waved at Dixon, Jordan, Alyssa and Matthew. It never occurred to her just how many of Cameron’s closest friends were people he met through her. When they’d moved in next door, Cameron was not the one everyone expected her to be attached to. His younger brother, Carlton, should have been her kindred spirit. They were interested in the same things, had the same aspirations in life and could talk for thousands of hours without running out of things to agree on. There was also Charmaine who was a girl and most people, especially Hallie’s father, thought that that was enough for them to get along. The only problem was that Charmaine was shallow, vain, jealous, insecure and a total bitch. It was no puzzle why she and Mindy got along as well as they did. They were the same person.



Hallie’s eyes locked on Charmaine and Mindy as they flounced into the restaurant a couple minutes later. The looks they gave her confirmed that she was still at the top of their shit list. Mindy smiled widely and made a point of adjusting her engagement ring. Hallie moved closer to JT and sighed. It was going to be a long night.





CHAPTER TEN



JT felt the shift in Hallie’s mood even before she turned to face him with anger etched on her face. Even then he was sure most people couldn’t tell that she was angry but he’d memorized each nuance of Hallie’s face.

When she moved closer to him and slipped her hand into his, JT shot her a worried glance he tried to disguise by bringing his forehead against hers.

“You okay?” he whispered.

She nodded but he saw right through her lie. If Hallie held her body any tighter she’d snap like a twig. He ran his hand down her back. “It’ll be over before you know it.”

She smiled tightly. “Don’t count on it.”

It was soon clear to him that not everyone who sat around the table liked Hallie very much.

“I’m Mindy,” a tall, slender woman said when she approached the table. Her skin was the color of caramel and her dark brown hair framed her pretty face. She should’ve been beautiful but there was something about that seemed too hard and shrewd. She extended her perfectly manicured hand and JT saw no polite way around shaking it.

“I’m JT. Hallie’s boyfriend.”

The lie slid off his tongue easily. Mindy’s thin lips curved into a smile and she shot a glance at the darker woman with curly hair standing beside her.

“Charmaine this is Hallie’s boyfriend.”

JT wondered if Charmaine was hard of hearing or if Mindy was one of those annoying people who felt the need to repeat everything already said to them. It took about two seconds before it became obvious he was wrong on both counts.

Charmaine turned to him, laughed and said, “Real boyfriend or are you on hire?”

JT raised an eyebrow. “You think Hallie would have to pay for a boyfriend?”

He cast a suggestive glance up and down Hallie’s body. “Have you had a good look at her?”

Charmaine started to speak but stopped almost as if she was caught off guard by the casualness of his response. JT tried hard not to think about just how close the witch had been in her assessment. The tension had just started to seep from Hallie’s body when Mindy raised her voice and said, “I guess this means you’re finally over Cameron.”

Everyone seemed to stop talking at the same time. When JT glanced around the table he saw nearly fourteen pair of eyes on Hallie and Mindy. JT looked at the woman smiling smugly at Hallie and realized his best friend left out a lot of details when she tried to explain how awkward things could get once these celebrations started. He’d assumed all the awkwardness would’ve come from her unresolved feelings for Cameron but he never expected the bastard’s fiancée to be out for blood.



Hallie started saying something when a squeal from the other end of the restaurant stopped her. Hallie’s oldest friend, Abigail, dropped her husband’s hand and launched herself to where Hallie sat. He felt Hallie relax immediately. As the two hugged and murmured excitedly to each other the other partygoers slowly returned to their own conversations. JT shot Mindy and Charmaine a satisfied look. Whatever trouble they’d tried to stir up was well averted now but he couldn’t help but feel like the two of them wouldn’t be so easily deterred. No, the trouble wasn’t over yet. No wonder Hallie needed moral support. With friends like those, JT figured he’d prefer to take his chances with enemies.





CHAPTER ELEVEN



Abigail Spencer-Charles always had a knack for timing. She’d vomited all over Hallie’s mother’s favorite couch just when Esmeralda was about to rip into Hallie for going out and getting drunk at sixteen. She’d once needed to get something urgent out of her bag and stumbled into Hallie’s room when a former boyfriend had started becoming too handsy. This, however, was the happiest Hallie had ever been to see Abby. The retort she’d been about to fire off when Abby screamed would’ve set the worst tone for the rest of the night and would’ve shown Mindy and Charmaine that they still got under her skin.



She hugged her best friend tightly. Hallie and Abby met on the first day of pre-school and had been inseparable ever since. She basked in the familiar comfort of her oldest friend. Everything from the way she smelled like strawberries to the wicked glint of mischief in her eyes was like a salve to the bitter wounds Mindy and Charmaine tried hard to bring to the surface.

“It looks like one of us kept up our end of the weight loss pact,” Abby grinned.

Hallie hugged her again. “We both know you didn’t need to lose weight.”

“Damn skippy.”

This was from Abby’s husband, Kane, who stepped from behind her and pulled Hallie into a crushing hug. Hallie beamed at him. She didn’t think Abby could’ve picked a better mate for herself even if she’d made him up from scratch. The man had a killer body, a smile that could melt stone and was also gentle and protective of his wife. She was happy they found each other. Hallie didn't know another couple that managed to make love look so damn easy.

“How are things?” Kane asked as he took up his seat opposite JT.

“Never been better,” Hallie grinned. She couldn’t wait to spend some alone time with Abby. They had so much catching up to do. Abby glanced over at JT and set her face into stone. “James.”

He nodded. “Abigail.”

Those closest to them looked over curiously. Abby and JT didn’t have the smoothest relationship. Abby believed it was disgusting that JT profited from sketches and sculptures of the nude female body. It was the main reason Hallie kept putting off telling her she’d modeled for JT.

Abby leaned over and whispered, “So this is the new boyfriend?”

“I might have some explaining to do.”

Abby flashed her friend an ‘oh yes you do’ look then said, “It was only a matter of time before you and James hooked up. He’s been following you like a lost puppy for years.”

Abby smiled at JT, who glared at her, from across the table. Hallie took a sip of her wine. So it began.

JT squeezed Hallie’s shoulder, tipped her chin up and kissed her. She expected a quick peck on the lips but passion exploded the moment their lips met. They found rhythm as his lips moved hard against hers and Hallie was about to reach for his neck to pull him closer when she remembered where she was. She backed away from JT with heavy breaths.

“You mean we’d hook up sooner or later because we’ve always had amazing chemistry,” he said to Abby. Hallie was surprised he could find his voice when she couldn’t even find her breath. What the hell was that?

Abby swirled the wine around her glass and shook her head. “Nope. I meant what I said the first time.”

JT turned to Kane. “Haven’t you already paid penance for whatever sin landed you married to this dragon?”

Hallie exchanged glances with Abby’s husband. He seemed to say ‘I’ll apologize for mine if you apologize for yours’. Hallie gave JT a pointed glance and he smiled sheepishly, a move he usually employed when he was trying to apologize. Hallie kissed him on the cheek and whispered softly, “Play nice. You know Abby’s bark is just as bad as her bite.”

To the rest of the table she said, “I’m heading out for some fresh air.”



These were the times Hallie wished she smoked. She would’ve been able to pace outside the restaurant looking like she was busy doing something instead of aimlessly watching cars pass up and down the road. It wasn’t long before Abby joined her.

“Play nice,” she warned Abby with a grin.

Her friend smiled, “What can I say? He brings out the worst in me.”

Hallie chuckled. “He’s not bad you know.”

Abby shrugged. “I suppose he’s good for you but it’s too late to bury the hatchet.”

They stood at the corner watching some teenagers on the other side of the street. A couple of years ago they were just like this. They thought they already knew all there was to know about life when they really knew nothing at all. There were so many things to learn and some of the lessons were hard. So hard that she still felt pain in the pit of her stomach when she thought about them.

“How are the kids?” Hallie asked desperate to avoid going down the path of self-pity. She was already tethering on the edge of control and Cameron hadn’t even shown up yet.

“The kids wonder why Auntie Hallie only exists behind a computer screen. You really need to haul your ass to London,” Abby said. After a few minutes she continued, “So tell me… when did this relationship happen?”

“Don’t be like that. You know he’s only helping me out.”

“You know I expected that but…” Abby said as she stared out ahead. “…Cameron!”

Hallie cut her short with a rush of irritation she didn’t expect. “For chrissakes this isn’t about…”

The words barely left her mouth before warm hands embraced her from behind and with dread the size of a stone in her stomach, Hallie turned.

“Cameron,” she said a lot more brightly than she needed to.

“Hallie! I’m so happy you made it. How are you doing?”

He was smiling. If he felt any discomfort he wasn’t showing it. Hallie took a deep breath. How was she? Nauseas and a tad out of breath but neither would be a good answer so she smiled and said, “I’ve never been better.”

Cameron moved on to embracing Abby and engaging in small talk.

Hallie waited for her stomach to stop turning. She wished again that she’d developed a nicotine habit. A long, drag from a cigarette would probably calm her but then again he’d probably notice her shaking hands. He was still Cameron all right; the same athletic build, unabashed smile and the hazel eyes that used to turn girls to mush.

Hallie felt all the things she expected to feel: the pang of regret, the ill surprised envy of Mindy and inexplicable fondness. She also felt something just as expected but she wished she didn’t feel – anger; raw, hot anger flowed through her veins burning her pride and her heart.

“We’ll head back in a few,” Abby was telling him and just as quickly as he appeared Cameron was gone.

“You okay?” her friend asked. “You look like you might punch something or cry. We don’t have to do this. Me, you, Kane and James can head out.”

Hallie shook her head. She knew she’d have to open old wounds if she came here so she needed to suck it up and deal with them.

“Let’s go back in,” she said. She was going to sit there with a smile plastered on her face and show the world that Cameron Kensington didn’t affect her… even if she died trying.





CHAPTER TWELVE



Hallie snuggled closer to the warmth beside her. For a couple seconds she forgot where she was but the slow vibration of JT’s laugh grounded her.

“It’s about time you got up,” he said. “I’ve been wanting to move for the past half hour.”

She flipped to her side so she could look at him. “Thanks for being concerned about my comfort. I wouldn’t have minded if you’d pushed me out the way.”

He grinned and the broad, familiar smile warmed her heart.

“I figured after that night from hell you needed it,” he said. She leaned forward and kissed his cheek. She meant every word she’d said to Jasmine. Whenever JT was finally ready to hang up his playboy boots, he’d make some woman very happy. She cringed at the startling pang of jealousy she felt for this unknown, faceless, yet-to-exist woman.

“I’m heading for a swim,” he said. “You coming?”

Hallie snuggled back into the pillows. JT was right. The night before deserved its own special circle in Dante Aligheri’s, Inferno.

“I think I’ll just meet up with you for breakfast.”

Hallie noticed he’d crawled into bed wearing his boxers. She tried her hardest not to stare at his broad shoulders that tapered off to a narrow waist and a butt that made her wonder why she’d just noticed the sexiness of it.

Hallie tried to scrub the thoughts of JT’s sexiness from her mind. Those thoughts were almost incestuous. That her stomach grew warm watching him putter around the room was only a testament to how much more effort she needed to put into the dating game when she got home.

Hallie stretched before sinking back into the fluffy sheets. The night before was a perfect disaster. She didn’t expect things to go smoothly after Cameron surprised her outside the restaurant but she hadn’t expected things to go to shit quite so quickly either. She’d wondered if anyone else could see that she was drowning in the fog of unease that wrapped itself around her when she returned to her seat. JT did, it seemed, because he whispered calming words into her ear and made gentle circles on the insides of her wrists.

Things had just started to settle down when Charmaine turned to JT with laughter in her eyes.

“So what is it that you do darling?” she asked. Her voice was velvet but Hallie could spot the arsenic in it.

“I’m an artist,” JT said. Then he added, “I sell something once in a while.”

Charmaine sipped her wine. “You know Hallie. I never took you for the pierced, tattooed unfocussed type. You seemed to go for guys more like Cameron.”

Hallie smiled tightly. She wanted to go in on her for daring to insult JT but one look at the amused smile on JT’s face assured her he didn’t need her to defend his honor.

“So where did you two meet?” Mindy asked. Abby always used to say Mindy and Charmaine reminded her of the twins from The Shining; equally creepy and soulless. Hallie was starting to see why. She began to tell them that tonight was supposed be about Cameron and not her when JT went ahead and answered the question. Hallie glared at him. Why was he feeding the trolls?

The smug look on Mindy’s face faded a bit when she asked, “You’re a lawyer?”

“I am an artist,” JT said again. “I didn’t take the exams.”

Both Charmaine’s and Mindy’s faces glowed so brightly with self-satisfaction, Hallie wondered how people at the table didn’t recoil from the glare. She rolled her eyes, looked over at Abby and they both shared a smile. Hallie couldn’t figure out what they hoped to achieve by insulting her date but it wasn’t surprising they hadn’t matured at all in the past couple years.

“Well don’t feel too bad,” Charmaine said. “Not everyone is cut out for something as intellectual as law.”

This time Abby laughed out loud and Cameron shifted uncomfortably in his seat.

“You guys should back off,” he said to his sister.

“Yeah,” Leila agreed. “You’re making him uncomfortable.”

Hallie checked her watch and sighed. It was only eight’ o’clock. As happy as she was to see Abby and some of her other friends she’d prefer to be anywhere but around the table fighting the urge to punch Charmaine and Mindy. She marveled at how things changed but still remained the same.

“I’m alright,” JT said with a smile.

Abby pushed her drink away and snorted. “You’re alright because you’re laughing at them in your head wondering where the hell Hallie picked up her backwards friends.

“I only wonder about you Abigail,” JT said.

“Spare me,” Abby shot back but they smiled at each other. Hallie and Kane exchanged a glance. Sooner or later they’d both have to admit that they were more alike than they wanted to be.

“I don’t see the problem,” Charmaine said. “I’m just making conversation.”

“And you’re looking like an ass in the process,” Abby said. “Quit while you’re ahead.”

“I don’t understand why…”

“Yes,” Kane said speaking up at the table for the first time. “You don’t understand. Everyone knows you’re trying to throw digs at Hallie by insulting her boyfriend but you’ve chosen the wrong target.”

“Am I wrong with saying that not everyone is cut out for law? That’s the truth and the fact he couldn’t take the exams proves it,” Charmaine said.

“Did it occur to you that he might have chosen to not take the exams?” Kane asked. “I’m going to assume that after graduating valedictorian of his class at Harvard he could manage the New York bar exams.”

Hallie wished she could’ve taken a snapshot of the look on Charmaine’s face. Then, through the stunned silence Abby said, “He probably would’ve had to manage to take the bar exams if he didn’t have his trust fund to fall back on.”

Hallie signaled the waitress and pointed to her empty margarita glass. She definitely was going to need more alcohol if this was going to continue.

“And you see those “somethings” he sells once in a while,” Abby was saying. “They go for thousands of dollars.”

“I underestimated you,” Charmaine said. “I’m sorry.”

She sounded like she was about the choke on her apology and the small, immature part of Hallie wished she would.

“You really don’t need to defend me,” JT said.

Abby took a sip of her wine and glared at Charmaine. “I’m not defending you James. I still don’t like you. I’m defending Hallie because that’s what this is really about isn’t it Charmaine?”

The waitress appeared before Abby finished her question. Hallie sighed. She’d have to remember to tip the woman extra for having such excellent timing. Slowly the dinner settled down and conversation turned to other things.

During dessert JT pulled Hallie close to him and whispered, “Now I know why you haven’t been home in so long. With friends like these…”

She smiled. “Who needs enemies right?”

“I’d be an alcoholic.”

She slipped her hand into his and chuckled. “Thank you for being here.”

“I’ll never not be there for you Hal,” he said, his voice suddenly serious. Then, he kissed her forehead and turned away before she could analyze the look she swore she saw in his eyes.





CHAPTER THIRTEEN



JT found a small, isolated spot on the beach away from the couples walking around hand in hand and vendors setting up to sell colorful clothing and jewelry. He’d almost left his sketchpad at home but brought it along just in case. He opened the book and set the colored pencils beside him. JT made a rough sketch of his view wishing he had more time to perfect it. He sketched the small, lush, green peninsula that jutted out into the ocean waiting for his mind to empty as it usually did when he sketched freely. This time the thoughts refused to clear. JT couldn’t believe the chaos dinner turned out to be. If this was just the first of three events before the wedding, JT wasn’t sure they would make it without a major incident. He felt like he’d walked into the middle of war with only Abigail for cover. He smiled at the thought as he pushed in his headphones. Who would’ve thought he and Abigail could see eye to eye on anything other than their love for Hallie?



Just the thought of Hallie sent lust zapping through him. He couldn’t believe he’d kissed her like that. Hell, he couldn’t believe she responded the way she had. JT was half a second away from forgetting where they were, whom they were with and all sense of decency. He’d wanted to pull her into his lap and press her against him so she could see what she did to his body. JT swore he’d seen hunger in her eyes when she pulled away but he dismissed it. He was good at seeing things as he wanted them to be and not as they were. That was why when everyone else saw his last serious girlfriend loved his last name and what it meant in their circles more than she ever loved him, he’d failed to see it. When Sara left he’d collapsed into himself. Even now, five years on, JT hated thinking back to those days. He hadn’t felt pain like that before and he hadn’t felt pain like that since because he was careful to avoid situations where he’d lose his heart. It was no small wonder Jaxon was his hero. His older brother survived the death of his wife and still managed to be brave enough to open himself to love. JT was the opposite. He’d promised he’d never give another woman the power to break his heart again. Yet, without him realizing it, Hallie had gotten under his skin and inside his veins. She had the power to hurt him much more than Sara ever did and JT knew she would without even realizing it.



****



“I ordered all your faves,” Hallie said with a small smile when JT returned from the beach nearly an hour later. He picked up a croissant, took a bite and leaned against the edge of the bed. “What unique brand of torture have you got planned for me today?”

“My friends are really nice,” Hallie pointed out. She uncrossed her legs and crossed the room to the dresser. She sorted through clothes and before JT could say anything continued, “Charmaine and Mindy are bitches but they aren’t my friends.”

“The feeling seems mutual,” JT grinned. “I’ve never been insulted in order to insult another person before. That’s some deep bullshit.”

Hallie explained to JT that deep bullshit was right up their alleys. She walked down memory lane with him about some of the particularly nasty techniques Charmaine had up her sleeve.



Charmaine had been the first to notice when Hallie’s feelings for Cameron changed from platonic to something not quite. Sometimes Hallie thought Charmaine figured it out before she even realized what the butterflies in her stomach meant whenever Cam was around or the way she’d suddenly go shy about things she’d never been shy about around him before. Hallie was certain Charmaine knew when she suddenly became interested in seeing Cameron paired off. Charmaine would prance all of her friends around the house pushing them, not so subtly, on her older brother. Mindy was the one he eventually took to. Abby had been quick to point out that there was no way Charmaine disliked her that much and for a long time she agreed with Abby. It seemed like overkill to think Charmaine would find her brother a girlfriend just so Hallie couldn’t have a chance with him. It turned out that she and Abby were just naïve. She, Cameron, Mindy and Charmaine had been hanging out in the backyard one afternoon when Charmaine saddled up next to her on the iron-wrought garden bench. Hallie had been unable to take her eyes off Cameron and Mindy snuggled up together on the other side of the yard. She was pretty sure she’d never truly felt jealousy until then. Charmaine caught her looking and said, “You think I’d have let him fall for you?”

Then she’d stalked off before Hallie could pick her tongue up off the grass and respond.

“Earth to Hallie,” JT said. “I asked what was going down today.”

Hallie closed her eyes and reopened them as if the action would dull the memories.

“A barbeque at Cam’s parents’ house.”

JT nodded. “A barbeque sounds good. Is the yard big?”

“Very big,” Hallie said recalling the photos she had seen.

JT smiled. “Good. That should give everybody enough space not to combust.”





CHAPTER FOURTEEN



The Kensingtons moved in the years Hallie had been gone. She looked at the large, white wall house and wondered why they chose to upgrade their home after all the children left. The new house was definitely grand with a sprawling backyard and large front balcony but Hallie found she preferred the house they lived in when they had been neighbors. Maybe it was because, despite everything, she had very fond memories within the walls of the old house. The Kensington’s house had been a second home to her. They had been a second family. Sometimes Hallie still regretted cutting them all off. She sighed. There was no point dragging old emotions to the surface. She had done what she needed to do to stay sane.



Hallie left JT chatting with Carlton and headed into the house once she finished saying hello to the friends who had already arrived. She found the woman she’d been looking for as soon as she stepped inside.

“Hallie!”

Mrs. Kensington pulled her into a crushing hug. “Look at you. I can’t even remember when I last saw you. It’s like you left one day and never came back.”

Her graying hair was pulled back into a ponytail and even though she smiled, Hallie could hear the hurt in her voice. She let the statement hang in the air. Hallie knew the woman, who was once almost as close to her as a mother, wanted a response but she didn’t have one to give.

If you want to know why I left ask your son, she thought but instead said, “I’m so happy to see you.”

Hallie took a good look at Mrs. Kensington. She’d aged gracefully and seemed more settled than her own mother could hope to be. Hallie glanced at Cameron’s father sprawled out on the couch with the remote in hand. Then again, Mrs. Kensington was lucky. She was one of the few who found their soul mates and life saw it fit to keep them together. Hallie knew her mother had loved her father. In the darkest, most angry times she cursed her mother for cashing in the life insurance policy and travelling the world but she couldn’t deny that the cancer took as much of her mother’s heart as it had hers. They made small talk for a while. Hallie told her about her job and all the things she’d been up to since she left the island and barely returned. Mrs. Kensington deserved that much.



“There you are. I’ve been looking all over for you.”

JT stood in the doorway of the living room and crossed the hardwood floor when Hallie beckoned him to come. She wrapped her arms around him, more for show than anything else and said, “Meet Auntie Janet.”

JT hugged Mrs. Kensington and kissed her on both cheeks. “Nice to meet you.”

“Nice to meet you as well. Charmaine told me that Hallie’s boyfriend was a sculptor with a first class law degree.”

Hallie looked at JT and smiled. Charmaine would rather cut her own fingers off than be complimentary to Hallie so she’d figured the conversation went along the lines of

“What is he doing with her?”

“Do you have a website?” Mrs. Kensington continued. “I may want to have a look at your work.”

JT scribbled the site on a napkin and handed it back to Mrs. Kensington. “I hope you find something you like.”

She thanked him and excused herself.

“Sell her any of me and I’ll kill you,” Hallie teased noticing she was still wrapped in JT’s arms but not caring enough to do anything about it.

“I’m shaking in my flip flops,” he laughed. He handed her the rum punch he’d been holding and said, “I thought you’d like a drink.”

The sweet, tropical drink reminded her of the fruit punches she’d make before beach picnics filled with orange juice, pineapple juice and strawberry flavoring. The slow burn of the rum reminded her they’d come a long way from fifteen.



Three hours later Hallie had to admit that the day wasn’t going too badly. Abby and Kane showed up fashionably late and between trying to control her friend’s increasing insults directed at JT and JT’s snappy, sarcastic retorts Hallie realized she was actually having fun. It would’ve been hard not to with the blue skies overhead, gentle island breezes and JT’s hand wrapped around her waist. She laughed and chatted with various groups of her friends until her bladder reminded her again why it was never a good idea to have five glasses of rum punch in such a short space of time. She rose to her toes and whispered to JT that she’d be right back and wandered off to the bathroom. She didn’t miss JT’s amused smirk before she set off. It must have been her third bathroom trip in an hour. She’d made the trip so many times she could do it with her eyes closed. Maybe she did make the trip with her eyes closed because not only did she walk in on Cameron and Mindy in a compromising position but she literally walked into them.

“Sorry,” she mumbled turning away as Mindy reached for her bra strung across the sink. “I’ll just use the one upstairs.”



Everything went downhill from there.



Hallie spent the rest of the night glued to JT swearing that if Mindy shot one more self-satisfied look her way she’d clobber her over the head with her shoe.

The tension still ran high when during dinner Mindy suddenly said, “You know Hal I think you owe me nine hundred dollars.”

Hallie made a sound she hoped passed as a laugh. “Why is that?”

Mindy smiled sweetly and reached out to touch Cameron’s hand. “Remember when we were eighteen you told Abby that there was no way Cam would marry me? You said if that day came you’d pay for the limo.”

Everyone around the table chuckled. Hallie waited a full fifteen seconds before she said, “I don’t know Mindy. He hasn’t said ‘I do’ yet.”

The silence around the table was deafening. Hallie watched people steal uncomfortable looks at each other before turning their attentions to their plates.

“Don’t we all love Hal’s dry sense of humor,” JT said with a smile. “Honestly that’s what first attracted me to her.”

JT held Hallie’s hand and gave it a little squeeze. “That and her smile. I always thought it was kind of like Julia Roberts’, don’t you? Just beautiful.”

It took a while but eventually people started talking again and the discomfort around the table evaporated. Hallie’s eyes found Mindy’s glare and she raised her glass in a mock toast as she smiled. It. Was. On.





CHAPTER FIFTEEN



JT watched Hallie as she puttered around the suite getting ready for bed. Her pale blue, lacy nightgown skimmed her ass every time she moved. He went rock hard in seconds. JT expected the trip to be tense but, as he’d told Jaxon during their phone call earlier that night, he hadn’t anticipated it would be this tense. Between the constant craziness surrounding Hallie and her friends and how hard he had to concentrate on not slipping up and kissing her senseless, JT figured he’d have to be sectioned before the end of the trip. He wondered just how much self-control he had left and how much longer he could put off tasting her - really tasting her, now that he knew what her lips felt like moving against his.

“I’m going to take a walk,” he said when she’d wandered off into the bathroom. Sometimes the kindest thing you could do for yourself was step away from temptation. There was too much to be lost to give into his desire to take her in his arms and kiss away all the hurt lurking behind her eyes.



The moon hung low in the sky and warm breezes kissed his skin. This was really the ultimate place for relaxation. JT grinned wryly. He was in one of the most romantic locations in the world with a woman he loved but couldn’t touch. The irony of the situation was bordering on Alanis Morissette levels. He walked barefoot along the beach thinking maybe a cold swim might be in order. JT watched a loved up couple snuggling on the sand. Yes – a cold, vigorous swim would ease the ache in his groin but it would do nothing for the increasingly painful ache in his heart.



Hallie managed, as she had every night, to curl into him while she slept. He settled his hand around her waist and tucked his chin in the hollow of her neck enjoying her smell and how she felt against him. He looked forward to those few moments in the morning more than he had any right to.

He felt her stir and whispered, “Morning sleepyhead.”

She turned to face him and smiled. “With a bed this size you’d think I would manage to not assault you in my sleep.”

“I’m not complaining.”

She grinned. “Of course you’re not. We’re free from wedding things today. I thought we could tour the island then spend a lazy day at the beach.”

Lazy day at the beach meant hours of trying to not gawk at Hallie in a bikini. JT thought of the skimpy, little things she liked to wear and grinned. There were some things that were well worth the torture.

“Let’s do it.”



JT enjoyed the tour more than he figured he would and was pleasantly surprised when Hallie told him they would be going zip lining. It was something he’d always had at the top of his bucket list but never managed to get around to.

He watched the flat land and seascapes change slowly into undulating hills with lush greenery as they made their way to what Hallie said was the island’s rainforest area.

“Well as much of a rainforest as we could get. Antigua is no Dominica,” she’d said with a wide smile and he looked out of the window to prevent himself from leaning over and kissing her.

Their tour guide was jovial and although the lines lasted for nearly two hours, the tour felt like it took half of that. He and Hallie teased each other the entire time. There hadn’t been a dull moment in his life since he met Hallie all those years ago. He’d been standing on the steps of NYU’s Main Library when she walked right into him, head buried in a large book. She’d jarred him out of the thoughts he’d been having and brought him back to reality. Except the reality wasn’t the one everyone expected his to be. He stood there as Hallie apologized over and over for bumping into him thinking of just how sorry he was with the direction of his life. In those seconds JT decided he wouldn’t write the New York Bar exams.

“You should take me for coffee,” he’d said. “To make up for assaulting me.”

Her brown eyes crinkled and she grinned. “Law student? No one else would make that stupid joke.”

“Former law student,” he’d said decisively. “I’ve opted against sitting the bar exam.”

“Why?”

“It’s a long story.”

“Well,” she said. “It’s a good thing I’m getting us that cup of coffee then.”

One cup of coffee turned into two and he’d found himself telling her things he hadn’t told those closest to him – things like he was afraid of the way his fiancée would react when she found out he’d decided to be an artist.

“You’ll be grateful,” she’d said quietly. “She will show you whether she deserves to be in your life or not.”

In the end Sara proved she didn’t even deserve to have a toe in his life and Hallie proved time and time again why he couldn’t imagine living without her. They’d been inseparable since that first day and people often asked him why they never took things to the next level.



They’d missed the window, JT realized. He looked across to where Hallie was hesitating on one of the longer lines. In a couple seconds she worked up the courage, stepped forward and glided over to hm.

“That felt good,” she laughed pulling him into a hug. He noticed so many things in those moments that he never had before like the way her breasts molded against his chest and how easily she fit into his arms. When she leaned back to say something else, self-resolve shattered and JT brought his lips to hers. She surprised him by kissing back but after a few seconds she seemed to find her mind, stepped back and cleared her throat, “You’re certainly committed to this project.”



With those six words JT finally saw what Jasmine tried to warn him about. Hallie couldn’t be that obtuse so he figured she was trying to avoid the situation – much like she’d been avoiding the Cameron situation for the better part of the last ten years.

“Not as committed as you think,” he said finally. Hallie started to say something but he cut her off by pointing to the next zip line coming up.

“We’ve got one more to go,” he said. “Let’s end with a bang.”

But they’d lost the tone of the afternoon and by the time they got back to the hotel JT turned down her suggestion to grab lunch telling her he needed to make business calls. She gave him a small, quiet look that JT had become accustomed to over the years. Hallie knew he was lying but JT was too tired to care.





CHAPTER SIXTEEN



“My children nearly lost their mum when you told Mindy that,” Abby laughed. She speared a piece of shrimp with her fork before turning her attention back to Hallie. “What the hell possessed you?”

Hallie thanked the waitress when she brought her extra large Sangria and shrugged. “ I don’t see why this is such a big deal.”

She gulped the drink like her soul depended on it. The sunlight, turquoise water and cold ocean air was orgasmic but Hallie felt like she’d have been less stressed out in her Manhattan office with single digit weather outside. And that was without factoring in the weird way JT had been acting. Hallie had struggled hard to not lean in and return the kiss. She didn’t want to embarrass herself but from the way he’d been acting Hallie felt like she’d offended him.

“You sounded so serious,” Abby said pulling Hallie’s attention away from her destructive train of thoughts.

“I was. Come on Abby! She was a bitch for bringing that up.”

It was one of those passive aggressive comments designed to hurt and Hallie knew she shouldn’t have risen to the bait but there was only so much a person could take.



She and Abby met up at a small Mediterranean-styled restaurant nearby the hotel. Abby raved about their food but Hallie was too busy enjoying her massive cocktail to focus on any of the starters the pink clad waitress placed in front of them.

“How’s your romantic getaway with James going?” Abby asked. Her voice was about to implode under the weight of mischief lining its edges.

“He’s not here. You can call him JT.”

Abby waved her off so Hallie took the hint and launched into a recap of her day.

“Anything but romantic,” Hallie eventually said. She pushed the brief kiss from her mind. Why did fire erupt all over her body whenever JT kissed her?

“Do you guys do this often?”

“Do what?”

“Pretend to be madly in love.”

Hallie laughed. “We haven’t had much occasion to. Besides, you know JT is never without a woman.”



Hallie expected Abby to make some sardonic comment about JT being a pig but she didn’t. Instead, she fixed earnest eyes on her and said, “You do know he isn’t pretending right?”

Hallie’s heart pounded rapidly against her chest but she laughed off the suggestion. “Don’t be silly.”

“Kane said you were just clueless but I seriously thought…”

“Wait hold up. You and Kane have been discussing me and JT.”

Abby sighed. “He looks at you like he’d die for you.”

“Now you’re just being dramatic. I’ve done the fall for my best friend thing already and I would literally die before I do it again.”

Abby coughed into her drink. “Please don’t tell me you plan on running down the aisle screaming ‘marry me instead’ on Saturday.”

Hallie glared at her. “I don’t get how you and JT don’t get along. You two are so alike it’s sickening.”

“You’re not denying it.”

“I don’t have any real feelings for Cameron,” she said loudly and then checked her voice. “It was just a kid crush.”

“She who doth protest too much.”

Hallie realized she wasn’t going to get anywhere with Abby so she turned the conversation to the one topic her friend couldn’t resist talking about. Her children. They had moved on to dessert, a luscious chocolate mousse with mango sorbet, when her cell rang. She didn’t recognize the number on the ID but she answered it anyway.

“Hello.”

“Hey Hal. Are you busy?”

Hallie paused for a while and collected her emotions before she responded. “Just wrapping up lunch at Ana’s with Abby. Why?”

“I want to hang out with you. We haven’t spent any time together all week.”

Hallie froze. He hadn’t seen her all week because she went out of her way to make it so but she couldn’t tell him that without sounding like a bitter bitch. She thought back to her snarky comment at the BBQ. There was definitely no way she could say no.

“I should be able to make it if we can meet in about three hours,” she said even though each word felt like it was being ripped from her throat. She tried to look anywhere but at Abby who was running her index finger across her throat.

“Too late,” Hallie said when she disconnected the call.

Abby shook her head. “Since when did you become such a damned masochist?”



***





Getting ready for the nonspecific meeting with Cameron wasn’t as casual as it sounded. Hallie changed outfits until JT started making snide Julia Roberts comments.

“At least you can try to appear supportive,” she said as she turned off her curling iron. Hallie was happy he had started acting normally again even though the jokes were at her expense. Maybe his supposed mood change had been in her head. God knew her head had been all over the place for the past couple days.

“Fine,” JT said looking up from the sketch he’d been working on since she’d returned from the restaurant. “I think the blue jeans and the yellow top.”

“Why?”

He grinned. “Because it doesn’t say ‘I’m trying too hard’.”

Hallie put down the sundress she was looking at and picked up the outfit JT suggested. Even though he couldn’t resist teasing her, Hallie trusted his opinion more than anyone else’s. Her nerves were so frayed as the time became nearer that Hallie considered cancelling the meeting. She should’ve just said no. How could she possibly interact with him normally after everything that had happened?

“Stop thinking about it,” JT suggested. “Just imagine he’s me.”

She sat next to him. “What are you sketching?”

JT shielded it from her view. “None of your business.”

She laughed him off although she found his response odd. JT had never been shy about sharing his work with her. It never mattered whether he was having a good or bad creative session. She often saw his works before anyone else got to see them although that could’ve been because she was the reason he ate during his sketching or sculpting binges.

“I’ll see it soon enough,” she said.

He shrugged. “Don’t count on it.”



Cameron suggested he and Hallie meet up at five but in true Cameron fashion he was nearly twenty minutes late.

Hallie kissed JT’s cheek, promised she’d be back in time for dinner and then she and the dragonflies in her stomach were off. She held her sandals in her hand and walked along the beach enjoying the feel of the hot sand between her toes. It was a pity the walk from the suite to her meeting place with Cameron wasn’t longer because she’d finally started to relax as she walked along the water. He was already there fiddling on his phone when she sauntered into the restaurant. Cameron stood and pulled her into a crushing hug. She counted the seconds until she could pull away. After a few moments of silence he said, “This is awkward.”

She nodded as he continued, “We haven’t been alone since…”

“Our teens,” she finished for him. Yet the knowledge that they hadn’t been alone since they’d had sex hung in the air between them.

“How’s work?” Hallie asked opting for a safe topic as they walked to the parking lot.

“Amazing. I can’t believe I almost didn’t go into architecture.”

Hallie smiled with enthusiasm she didn’t feel. She was the one who convinced him to chase his dreams instead of succumbing to the plans everyone in his life seemed to have made for him. She’d allowed him to come over to her house and bitch about the fact he’d never be happy in medicine while she snuck liquor from her father’s impressive liquor cabinet. It was quite a night. Cameron with alcohol induced courage decided to defy his girlfriend and his family. And Hallie? Well she ended up flat on her back on her mother’s favorite couch with Cameron inside her.

A glance at Cameron confirmed he was going down the same road but after a few minutes the walls came down, the tension faded and they were left with the familiar camaraderie that defined their friendship for all those years. It was different, though. There was still that thing which fractured them but they were both very careful to avoid it.

“Do you want to see the house I designed for me and Mindy?”

Instinct screamed at her to say no but she succumbed to curiosity. It was like picking the scab off a healing cut. She knew it wasn’t a good idea but she felt like she’d sooner die than resist the temptation.

“Why am I not surprised you drive a BMW?” she teased as she slid into the leather seats of his sleek, white car.

He grinned. “What do you drive?”

“I don’t drive. I work in Manhattan. Trust me I’d probably pay twice the car’s worth in parking.”

Cameron laughed. “You were always financially wise.”

It was true. Hallie had the odd ability to make her Christmas and birthday cash stretch whereas Cameron lived on a ‘buy now – regret later’ policy. Images of Cameron on top of her thrusting while he groaned in her ear flashed through her mind. The policy extended to more than purchases. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. The past was the past and they were both kids. She needed to let go of the anger, hurt and pain that kept her cold at night.

Hallie obliged him with chit chat as they drove through village after village until he pulled unto a dirt road and a two level burnt orange house with terraces and a stucco roof came into view.

“What do you think?”

Hallie got out the car and walked around looking at the outside of the house. “It’s nice.”

It was like something out of a storybook. The house was more than nice. It was perfect. Hallie resented it.

“Let me show you the inside,” he said after he’d shown her around the backyard where the pool was being constructed.

Hallie trailed behind watching him point out the rooms in the still unfurnished house.

“Here’s the master bedroom and bath.”

Cameron ushered her into a room on the second floor overlooking the pool. “The room next to it will be used for the nursery.”

There was something in the tone of his voice that made her stomach turn.

“Is she pregnant?”

He smiled. “Not yet but we don’t want to wait too long.”

It was the look of unabashed joy and anticipation on his face that did Hallie in. She looked at her watch suddenly fed up of the tour, fed up of everything. “I need to head back. JT must be wondering.”

Hallie cursed herself as she walked back to the car. She should’ve pulled the JT excuse out of the bag hours ago. Now the dark clouds above her head threatened to burst open. She didn’t want to think of him and Mindy playing house in this gorgeous structure he’d pulled from his imagination for them. She didn’t want to think about Mindy carrying his child when she knew it should’ve been her.

“Are you okay?” he asked.

Hallie urged herself to get a grip. She nodded. “I’m just tired.”

He seemed to accept the excuse and turned his attention back to the road.

“You and JT make a good couple.”

She smiled tightly. “Yeah. We’re best friends.”

Silence stretched on for several minutes and then he spoke, “We were so close Hal. What happened?”

Hallie’s anger returned so swiftly she almost lost her breath from it. She didn’t try to keep her voice civil when she asked, “Are you seriously asking me what happened?”

He seemed shocked by her outburst. “I know I shouldn’t have had sex with…”

Hallie shook her head. “I’m not doing this with you. We both made our decisions and we both have to live with them.”

She started getting out the car but stopped and turned to him. “But after everything you put me through it’s like you don’t even regret it.”

She slammed the door without giving him a chance to respond. She didn’t want to hear whatever excuse he would come up with. She’d tried calming herself down as she stalked towards the villa but gave up. JT wouldn’t care if she walked into the suite looking like an atomic bomb about to explode. He was always there. He would pull her into his arms, kiss her forehead and make her feel safe. JT always made her feel safe. Cameron was right. She and JT would make a good couple but he’d managed to ruin that for her too.





CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



JT was half engrossed in sketching when Hallie stalked into the room less than two hours after she left. Anger crackled in the air around her. She tried to hide whatever happened between her and Cameron between jokes and smiles but JT knew something was seriously wrong.

“Hey,” he said reaching for her hand and pulling her to the bed. “What happened?”

She turned on her side, propped her head up with her hand and sighed. As the seconds passed JT believed she wasn’t going to actually answer him. Slowly as if it pained her to say it Hallie said, “Just a lot of bad memories.”

He didn’t have time to fire a question off before she silenced him. “I really don’t want to talk about it. I just want to watch bad TV and eat all the carbs.”

“Do you hear it?”

He almost laughed out loud at the puzzled look that flashed across her pretty face.

“Hear what?”

“The sound of Marcel having a heart attack.”

She smiled and JT felt a thousand feet tall knowing that despite whatever chaos erupted inside her he could still make her smile.

“Thank you for being here,” she said.

“You’re starting to sound like a broken record,” he teased. “No thanks needed. How about some room service?”

Hallie cuddled into herself while JT fetched the menu. He worried about the sad, haunted look in her eyes. She warded off any discussions about her true feelings for Cameron by saying that it was just a kid crush but JT wasn’t sure he believed her. Could she still love the man? Anger and jealousy rubbed his spirit raw. He didn’t know Cameron but he was sure he didn’t deserve Hallie. He definitely didn’t deserve any of the unshed tears behind her eyes.

“What happened today?” he asked. “You look really shaken up.”

She smiled at him. The safe, fake smile would have worked on strangers but he was insulted she’d even try it on him.

“I don’t want to talk about it.”

“Since when we don’t share things?” he asked even though he knew pushing Hallie was like prodding a rattlesnake with a stick.

“It isn’t serious. Just drop it.”

Her tone was more like the one she’d use on Dustin than him and he’d have teased her about it if he hadn’t been worried. JT decided to play the game her way so instead of pushing further he ordered the greasiest, most sugar filled items off the room service menu.

“I’m sorry for snapping at you,” she said when he returned to bed.

“It comes with the territory of being your boyfriend,” he teased and she rewarded him with one of those smiles that made his heart swell.

“I can’t wait to get out of here. Just two more of these stupid events left.”

JT raised his hand in an imaginary toast. “That makes two of us.”

She started to speak but he silenced her with one of those soft, impersonal kisses that used to be customary between them. Those kisses used to sustain him before he knew just how hot the real ones could get. Now they just ignited sparks of frustration.

“Don’t you dare thank me for coming,” he said. “I wouldn’t be anywhere else.”

She grinned. “I was going to say you’ve been the best boyfriend I’ve ever had.”

He ignored the avalanche of emotions and teased, “And you know now you can’t do better.”

Hallie laughed and hit him over the head with a pillow. The sorrow etched on her face was slowly disappearing and he sighed with relief. She deserved the world. She deserved someone who’d do anything to keep her laughing.

Someone like me.

Except he knew it wasn’t going to happen. He cursed himself as he again realized that Jaxon had been right. He couldn’t pine for Hallie forever. He refused to allow her to be his Cameron. When they got back to New York he was going to give someone a chance – a real chance at his heart. He stole a glance at Hallie lying in bed with her hair splayed around her and grimaced. Two seconds ago he couldn’t wait to head back to New York. Now, he didn’t want their time here to end.





CHAPTER EIGHTEEN





“You look beautiful.”

Hallie spun around with exaggerated shock on her face. “Are you okay JT? Better yet, who are you and what have you done with my best friend.”

“Funny.”

He gestured to the necklace she held and Hallie handed it to him. Hallie tried to not think about how intimate and comfortable getting ready together had become as he fastened the dainty, gold chain around her neck.

“I’m shocked you complimented me,” Hallie teased. “I guess knowing there are only two events left is working on your mood as well as mine.”

“You’ve looked beautiful all week,” JT said. “I’m just happy you picked that dress without annoying me half to death.”

Hallie grinned. She’d only stopped asking for his opinion because she was basically out of clothes but she wouldn’t tell him that.

“What’s on the schedule for tonight?” he asked.



Hallie explained that Mindy wasn’t comfortable with the idea of a bachelor and bachelorette party so they were having a combined pre-wedding party at her parents’ house.

JT rested his chin on the top of Hallie’s head as she appraised herself in the mirror. “Did I mention that this has been the most tiring week of my miserable life?”

“Imagine the hellhole it’s been for me.”

JT hugged her. “I know. All you have to do is get through the wedding without stopping it and we’ll be fine.”

Hallie never thought she’d be grateful to hear JT tease her but she was then. Although he’d stopped pestering her about what had hurt her during her reunion with Cameron, she worried he had seen more than she’d wanted him to. The last thing she needed was for him to start wondering if there was more to the story. Teasing meant he’d stop trying to find out and that was good because if he asked one more time she might tell him everything.



Mindy’s parents’ house was crawling with people by the time Hallie and JT got there some two hours later. Hallie wanted to spend as little time there as she possibly could. She’d contemplated not showing up several times but after getting this far she didn’t see the point in cowering away. She stood there in the middle of the crowded room sipping on her rum and coke listening to people dedicate songs and well wishes to Cameron and Mindy. It wasn’t until half an hour later while she stood in line for another rum and coke that she saw Cameron approaching. She couldn’t move away fast enough and he caught her by the arm. “I need to talk to you.”

Reluctantly, she followed him unto the large verandah surprised by how empty it was.

“What do you want?” she asked. Hallie was now sure coming back for this wedding was the second worst decision of her life.

“What did you mean by what you said in the car?”

Hallie pulled away from him and started walking away. “You know exactly what I meant.”

Her voice rose with each word before she checked her temper. She wasn’t going to make a scene no matter how much anger simmered in the pit of her stomach. The time for unleashing that anger on Cameron had long passed.

“It was a mistake,” he said finally. He looked out at the empty yard as if he could find all the answers there. Hallie knew they were stuck in the same memory. Bitterly she said, “It’s so bruising to a girl’s ego to think taking her virginity was a mistake even if it did turn out to be the biggest nightmare of my life.”

“I’m sorry.”

“For what?” Hallie said. There was something freeing about hearing him finally apologize for the pain he caused her but she wanted him spell it out. He’d been getting away easy for too long.

“What do you mean for what?”

His back stiffened and his eyes seethed but Hallie couldn’t bring herself to stop.

“Tell me exactly what you’re sorry for Cameron,” she said. “You’re sorry that you got drunk and fucked the girl you knew worshipped the ground you walked on…”

“Hallie…”

“Or that you told me to get rid of our child?”

The world seemed to slow down once the words were out of her mouth. Hallie could hear the distant chattering of people in the house. She could hear the breeze. She could even hear the thumping of her own heart and feel the tears against her cheek.

“What?”

There was something in his voice that wasn’t there before. Panic.

Hallie massaged her temples. “You were drunk enough to forget Mindy. I was drunk enough to forget commonsense and we were both too drunk to remember something as simple as protection.”

“Our child.”

Hallie glared at him. “Drop the act Cameron.”

He braced himself against the railings. “The act? This is not an act. What the fuck are you talking about?”

“I tried so many times to tell you after I took the test but I couldn’t force the words out. You were always with Mindy acting like nothing happened or avoiding me. So I did the stupid thing. I wrote a letter. I told you how scared I was and that I didn’t want to tell my mother. I begged you to not make me have to tell her alone.”

Cameron shook his head. “I didn’t even read that letter.”

Hallie took a deep breath. “Didn’t you think it was weird when I showed up to your house two days later screaming about how much I hated you and telling you to leave me alone? You even said you stood behind your decision.”

“You’d been pressuring me to leave her Hallie. I told you I wouldn’t. I thought your letter was just another attempt to make me see that we should’ve been together. I didn’t even open it. I threw it in the trash.”

Hallie’s world spun. “You told me to get rid of it. It. You even put money in the envelope with the name of the all the doctors on this island who’d actually perform an abortion.”

“That’s not possible,” he said and Hallie was starting to hear the frantic denial in his voice.

“You told me to have an abortion Cameron,” she whispered and before she knew it the sobs were wracking her body. She still had his response, yellowing and old, tucked away beneath her liquor cabinet at home for when she needed to remember that people could abandon you when you least expected it. She’d never felt more scared or alone in her life. She’d thought she could’ve depended on him but he left her alone in the cold.

Cameron placed his hand on either side of her shoulder. “I would never have done something like that. We’d have raised that child. God Hallie did you have an abortion?”

After a couple of seconds she said, “My mother sent me away. She couldn’t face people looking down on us. She told me it didn’t make any sense trying to trap you with a child and if you thought I’d gotten rid of it then you wouldn’t tell anyone. So we wouldn’t tell anyone either.”

“I thought you went to boarding school,” he murmured then caught himself. “Did you have an abortion Hallie?”

“No,” she said softly. “I was going to name him Joseph after my dad.”

“What happened to our baby?”

Her body shook so hard she couldn’t breathe. “I don’t know. I never got to hold him.”

Hallie looked up at him and through the hazy tears she saw him break before her eyes.

“Hallie I wouldn’t have ever…”

“I know what was in that letter Cameron,” she snapped.

She remembered clearly walking into his room, shoving the envelope at him and walking out before she had to look at Mindy curled into him.

Suddenly the fuzzy pieces clicked together. Things like the impersonally typed letter that was pushed under her front door a day after. She started moving towards the house ignoring Cameron’s calls for her to come back. Hallie pushed her way through the crowd until she found Mindy standing next to the bar sipping wine. She slapped her. She slapped her so hard her wrist hurt.

“You stupid bitch,” she shouted. She didn’t care that her voice sounded inhuman with the ways she screeched between her sobs. She was aware of the little things. The fact that everyone had stopped talking didn’t escape her nor did she fail to hear Cameron’s panicked voice telling her to calm down.

“That letter was private,” she screamed.

Mindy stiffened. “It wasn’t mine to read was it? Just like my boyfriend wasn’t yours to fuck.”

“Hallie.”

Cameron tried to hold her hand but she yanked it away.

“You made me think he wanted me to have an abortion,” she screamed at Mindy. “What kind of a person are you?”

“Mindy?” Cameron said softly. Hallie could hear the pleading in his voice for her to tell him that it was just a mistake and she wouldn’t have done something like that.

“She was just trying to trap you,” Mindy said. She sounded annoyed, exasperated even, as if she was the one who got the shitty end of the deal.

Cameron closed his eyes. “God Mindy that was for me to decide.”

“Charmaine and I thought…”

Hallie looked around the room – Charmaine stood between her parents looking horrified. Hallie wanted to walk up to her and slap her too but she couldn’t make her legs move. Instead she started backing away towards the door as Cameron disappeared further into the crowd. Hallie didn’t allow herself to fall until she was out on the verandah. Conversation resumed slowly and soon became a frenzied buzz of excited chatter reaching deafening crescendos when the familiar scent of JT’s cologne enveloped her. She allowed him to hold her.

‘Why didn’t you tell me?”

“I didn’t tell anyone,” she struggled through sobs. “I didn’t tell anyone. I gave him up. I never got to hold him.”

JT stroked her hair. “It’ll be okay.”

She leaned against his chest until she heard Cameron’s voice boom through the speakers. “Thanks for coming out tonight guys. The party is over.”

There was silence and a few moments later his voice resumed. “And if there were any misconceptions after that outburst, I’ll clarify. There will be no wedding on Saturday.”

“I think we should get out of here before the real chaos begins,” JT suggested. “Let’s go back to the hotel and drink ourselves into a coma.”

Hallie sniffled. “That sounds like a good idea.”





CHAPTER NINETEEN



JT brought his hand to the base of Hallie’s neck feeling a bit silly at how relieved he felt when her pulse throbbed steadily under his fingers.

He didn’t know what it felt like to be helpless until Hallie crumbled into his arms and the truth came out. He’d spoken to Abby briefly after Hallie passed out from the alcohol she’d used to try to numb the pain and she was just as shocked as everyone else was.

He couldn’t figure out how she’d kept such a secret for so long when he thought he knew everything about her. Suddenly the whole Cameron fiasco seemed to fall into place. She held on to the past so tightly because in her mind to let go would mean letting go of her son. Her son. JT couldn’t shake the look in Hallie’s eyes when she kept repeating that she never got to hold him.

He tried to think of Hallie’s body swollen with life and felt more unwarranted sparks of jealousy for Cameron. He wanted to be the one to put life in her. He wanted to marvel with her at the changes and hold her as they brought life into this world. She’d brought life already but she had no idea what happened to her son.

He pushed her hair, damp with sweat, from her face. He’d find out even if it was the last thing he did. With his money and his father’s connections there wouldn’t be a stone left unturned. Yet, as he held Hallie and listened to her drunken rambles he became convinced that there was probably only one stone that needed turning. He placed calls to his brothers while she slept just in case his intuition was off. He even swallowed his pride and the drama unfolding between him and Jasper and asked his little brother to look into it with the very limited information he’d been able to decipher. Jasper was big in family law and of all of his siblings he’d be the one who’d have the most connections. His brother didn’t hesitate although he said he was doing it more for Hallie than for JT.



According to Hallie her mother had her bundled up and on a plane to the UK before she could blink. She kept saying that her father would’ve stopped it but he’d died the year before.

“Why didn’t you confront him a second time?” he’d asked her. She’d looked up at him – eyes wide and wet. “I’d given him everything and he tossed us away like trash. I was beat down, broken and scared. I couldn’t handle it…”

He could see it in her eyes that she wished she had. Things would’ve been different if she’d gone at him guns blazing the way she had the night before. JT kissed Hallie’s forehead as he thought of just how different things could’ve been. Would she have been settled in Antigua with Cameron and their son? Would he have ever met her? He felt an irrational amount of gratitude for Mindy and immediately felt bad. The idea of love often made people selfish bastards, he realized, and he wasn’t better than any of them.



JT eased out of bed just as the sun started peeking up from behind the clouds. With one last glance at Hallie, he walked towards the plunge pool. Esmeralda Smith answered on the fourth ring. JT hadn’t even been sure Hallie’s mother was back in Antigua but he’d taken a guess that she’d have been invited to the wedding.

“Esme,” he said with calm he didn’t feel. “This is James.”

“James? To what do I owe the pleasure?”

He wanted to say rum and repressed feelings but he thought better of it. Instead he said, “I want to talk to you about Hallie’s adoption.”

There were five beats of silence.

“She told you?”

“In a manner of speaking,” JT hedged. Sooner or later Esmeralda would find out half the island knew about the secret she’d tried so hard to hide.

“I did what I had to do for my little girl,” she said. JT stared out at the pool. He understood her defensiveness but he didn’t have the time for it.

“Hallie said she wanted to keep the baby.”

There was a rude sound at the other end of the phone. “She was seventeen James and Cameron made it clear he would have nothing to do with the child.”

“Did it occur to you to speak to his parents? He was just a kid too.”

“Exactly. They made a mistake. There was no need for them to pay the price for it and I didn’t have to drag Janet or Robert into it. Both Cameron and Hallie are climbing ranks in their careers and Dominic is…”

She stopped speaking abruptly and JT sighed.

“I thought so. Is it an open adoption?”

“I get a letter every year and photos. I tried to tell Hallie about them soon after but I couldn’t even mention the word adoption without her flinging her walls up.”

“You need to have a long talk with your daughter Esme,” JT said glancing back into the room where Hallie lay on the bed. “Because she’s been paying for nearly eleven years.”



***

Hallie was happy to feel JT’s arms around her when she drifted awake. She glanced at her phone and found she had twenty missed calls, most of them from Abby, Cameron and her mother. She massaged her pounding head. Hallie couldn’t believe she’d managed to keep the adoption a secret for nearly eleven years only to have the world hear about it at Cameron’s wedding party. She’d have been less embarrassed if she’d actually run down the aisle begging him to marry her instead.

She wouldn’t return Abby’s call, she decided. Her friend deserved to have an in person conversation. She wasn’t sure she wanted to face Cameron but she knew she had to. She couldn’t forget the pain etched on his face when he realized he wasn’t having some macabre dream. Then there was that one call from Mindy. Hallie wanted to face Mindy all right, but she wouldn’t be able to practice law with a murder conviction.

She could only recall snatches of what happened after the party but she remembered a lot of crying and a lot of drinking.

“You okay?”

JT didn’t sound particularly groggy or hung over. “How long have you been awake?”

“I didn’t sleep,” he said. “I was too busy making sure you didn’t die from alcohol poisoning.”

Hallie grimaced. “From the looks of it you didn’t drink either.”

He smiled. “I had a drink or two.”

An empty bottle of vodka was strewn across the floor. “Oh my God. Was that all me?”

“It was a rough night.”

Hallie sunk back into bed feeling the embarrassment from the night before latch on to her. She wished the bed would swallow her up so she wouldn’t have to face anyone.

JT hugged her close as she struggled against the tears. She wouldn’t deny that she’d had many fantasies about stopping the wedding but this was not what she had in mind. Maybe she should’ve reacted better but there was something to be said about shock and guilt. She had no idea what kind of life her son led and every day she worried she’d given him over to some hellish reality. It would’ve been tough but she could have raised him. She should’ve raised him. She swiped the tears from her face and cuddled further into JT. She thought the guilt would eat at her less as the years wore on but it never did. It got worse.

“Cameron was never your friend,” JT whispered.

“How could you say that?” she protested. “This is Mindy and Charmaine’s fault.”

“He didn’t even try to contact you.”

“He thought I didn’t want anything to do with him.”

JT shook his head. “There’s no way I’d have allowed you to pull away from me.”

Hallie tucked her legs under each other and sighed. She knew JT was serious. The first and only time she’d gotten mad enough to stop speaking to him, he annoyed her into forgiving him. And no, JT wasn’t the ‘send roses to the office every day’ type. He was more of the call at two in the morning saying, “I’m really sorry Hallie” and then at four asking if he was forgiven.



Despite the pounding headache, Hallie gazed at JT and for once saw him for what he really was: her solace, her picker-upper even during the worst of times and her confidant. She buried her head in the pillows at the onslaught of a foreign, yet very familiar, emotion. She sighed. It had to be the alcohol speaking – she couldn’t be in love with JT. Not that way. She had more than learned her lesson the first time around.

“I think I need a long shower,” she said eventually needing a reason to get out of bed and clear her head. She didn’t love him, she concluded. She couldn’t. Thinking she did was absolutely absurd.

“I’ve got a better idea,” he whispered. “Just lie down and I’ll start a bath for you.”

There was no misunderstanding, she realized. She loved JT and maybe she always had. Had she just been too stubborn to admit it?



Maybe a day away from the hotel wouldn’t be such a bad idea after all. So after sinking into the warm, coconut-scented bath JT ran for her, Hallie texted Abby and suggested they met up in St. John’s.

You bet your ass, Abby texted after less than five minutes. The dark clouds within her gave way to a smile. God, she loved her friend. A day with Abby would set things right.



Hallie and JT met on a cold, windy winter’s afternoon outside NYU’s library. He was using the time he should’ve been using to prepare for his bar exams to take a Fine Arts Course at the University. Her first response to him was a physical one. Back then, as Charmaine put it, he was exactly her type: clean-shaven, smooth and suave with a killer smile that showcased unexpected dimples. But almost as quickly as it came, the physical reaction went. He was the most intelligent, intentionally controversial person she’d ever met and she got attached to his dry sarcastic wit almost immediately. Then they fell into the comfortable safety of being great friends and she knew they could never be anything more. When you tried to turn friendship into something more you didn’t just lose the friendship, sometimes you lost yourself. But was it really reality or was she letting what happened with Cameron control her life?



Hallie sunk further into the tub embarrassed to recall the skimpy, four year old nightdress with a hole in the back that she wore to bed each night.

“That proves it,” she muttered to herself. If she loved him she’d have definitely paid more attention to what she wore. She’d have primped and preened for him. Except, she thought, they were so past that stage. He’d seen even the cobwebbed, dusty bits of her soul and she couldn’t imagine life without him. He said he’d never allow her to pull away from him but she just as easily couldn’t see herself trying to.



JT seemed to have lost the battle with exhaustion and was sprawled across the bed sleeping when Hallie finally pulled herself from the bath. She looked at him with his dreadlocks framing his face and smiled. His thick, lengthy eyelashes would’ve been feminine if it wasn’t for his sharp jaw. Hallie laughed when she noticed his full lips formed into a pout while he slept. She made a mental note to tease him about that for years. She thought about waking him before she left but reconsidered knowing she needed to gather her bearings before she faced him again. Dropping a kiss on those pouty lips, Hallie grabbed her bag from the table and headed outside. She needed to think carefully before she made a move. Her friendship with JT was the one thing in her life she couldn’t bear fracturing. The other was her sense of self and they both lay on the line.





CHAPTER TWENTY



Hallie and Abby met up at an intimate wine bar in the heart of the city. They let the smooth, velvety South African music speak to them as they chose their wine neither wanting to face the elephant in the room head on.

“Do you want a sandwich or something to go with the wine?” Hallie asked. “I’m still a bit worse for the wear.”

They settled on a cheese platter and lapsed back into silence once the order was placed. Abby spoke up only after the waitress returned with the bottle of wine and the cheeseboard they had chosen.

“Why didn’t you come to me Hallie?”

Hallie felt a prick of guilt when she heard the hurt that shaded her voice in bitter tones. She’d heard it in JT’s voice as well when he’d rescued her on the verandah. She smoothed Brie cheese on a cracker in order to stall for time. There was nothing she could say to ease the sting her friends felt at the secret she kept so Hallie opted for the plain, unvarnished truth.

“When we first had sex I was ashamed of myself,” she said. “By the time I thought I was pregnant I just didn’t want to deal with it. Then, when my mother sent me away I found it easier to pretend I was just finishing up high school than to tell anyone the truth. I thought it would be easier to forget about him.”

“But you didn’t,” Abby said matter-of-factly.

“I wanted to keep him,” she said. “I knew I was young but I think I could’ve made it work.”

Abby placed her hand over hers. “Maybe you gave him a shot at a better life.”

Hallie took slow, deep breaths willing the tears to stay away. “That’s just the thing. I don’t know that. I could’ve given him over to the worst people in the world.”

Abby said all the right, encouraging things but they didn’t assuage the guilt. At the end of the day no one could lay her deepest fears to rest. She was given a better shot at life by giving him up, that much she knew, but what about him?

“You can’t change the past Hallie,” Abby said. “You need to stop punishing yourself.”

Her friend sipped her wine, placed the glass on the woven mat and her face

crumpled. “Damn it. How could I not know you were going through this?”

“I worked really hard to hide it.”

“Are you going to talk to Cameron?”

Hallie didn’t want to talk to Cameron. She was prepared to lay low until she could get back to her life in New York.

“I’m not sure I have anything to say to him,” she confessed. “JT said he was never really my friend.”

“I don’t agree but James does have a point. Cameron was an idiot. He slinked away instead of facing things head on.”

Hallie sipped at her wine. “I’d be doing that too if I don’t return his calls wouldn’t I?”

Her friend nodded. “Let’s change pace. How’s James doing?”

Hallie stared at the glass of wine for a while. “I think I love him.”

Abby sighed. “I thought if I didn’t bring it up you’d never come to terms with it.”

Hallie smiled. “What?”

“Come on you’ve loved him for at least a year and he’s been besotted with you from the beginning.”

“That’s not true.”

Abby raised an eyebrow. “I wished it wasn’t. I was hoping you’d fall for someone else before you realized he was the one. I guess Buddha doesn’t answer prayers.”

“Stop being dramatic. JT goes through women like water. It would never work out between us.”

“Maybe he goes through women because he’s waiting for a particular one.”

Hallie shook her head. She refused to allow Abby to plant that seed in her head. JT was a risk she wasn’t willing to take. She told her friend this.

“He might be the one Hallie,” Abby said. “And trust me it kills me to admit it.”

She smiled at the teasing note in Abby’s voice but voiced her deepest fear. “And if he’s not? I’ll lose him as a friend. I can’t.”

“Some risks are worth taking.”

Hallie thought of how quickly things went to shit with Cameron. “Some things aren’t.”

Abby shrugged as if to say ‘have it your way’. “Just remember he isn’t Cameron. I think JT has more than proven his staying power. If things don’t work out he’ll still be right there.”

Hallie knew it was reckless but Abby’s words awoke a desire in her she hadn’t even known existed. She kept replaying them her mind throughout the rest of lunch wondering if she could work up the courage to take the risk.



***



The suite was eerily quiet when Hallie returned. She found a note from JT propped up against the breakfast bar telling her he went jet skiing. She grinned. JT was really enjoying the sunshine and was going to be a grouch to live with when they got back to New York.



She was happy to be back in the suite even though her day wasn’t as bad as she thought it would be. Once she and Abby got past the emotional stuff they had a lot of fun. Hallie felt very relaxed by the time she slid into her bathing suit and reached for a towel.

She was almost out the suite when she decided to return Cameron’s call. Abby was right. She was being a coward by avoiding him. It didn’t take long before she realized Cameron’s anger at Mindy was predominantly because he was afraid she could lie about other things.

“She was just a kid,” he said. “We all were.”

“I know. That’s what makes it scary. Fifteen was old enough to know what she was doing was wrong and she had lots of time to come clean.”

“It was probably for the best.”

Anger rose in Hallie. “I nearly aborted our son Cameron. That would’ve been on Mindy’s head.”

“We don’t have a son,” Cameron said simply. “The people who adopted him do.”

It would’ve hurt less if he’d slapped her. A million retorts sprung to her lips but she swallowed them all. What was the point? If he believed being detached from the life they created was the best route for him then he was a bigger coward than she’d thought.

“Goodbye Cameron,” she said. “Have a good life with Mindy.”

Hallie was surprised how the weight lifted off her shoulders as she disconnected the call. She waited for the pain to crush her but it didn’t. It’d taken her long enough to see Cameron for who he really was. That chapter of her life was well and truly closed.



She noticed JT’s sketchbook propped up against his bag as she placed the jewelry she usually wore on the dresser. Curiosity pricked her senses. What was he sketching that day? She reached for it after a quick glance at the closed door. There would never be a better time to find out. Hallie pulled the book from its leather case and flicked through until she stumbled on the only sketch she’d never seen before. Hallie recognized her nude body before she noticed he actually drew her face. She was at once stunned by his attention to detail and that he’d bothered drawing a face. JT’s works were almost always headless. Her mouth formed an ‘o’ of surprise when she saw the masculine hand draped around her waist with his fingers splayed between her legs. The figure’s head was nested in her shoulders but although she couldn’t see a face she could see the formation of the dreadlocks he’d begun to sketch.

“Didn’t I tell you not to look at that?”

Startled, Hallie dropped the book. Trying to look as unaffected as possible she said, “It’s nicely drawn.”

He smiled sheepishly. “Thanks.”

“Me and you huh?”

JT leaned against the wall and laughed. “You know what the say about artists right?”

“That they are hostile, temperamental people.”

He grinned. “We find inspiration everywhere so don’t take it too seriously.”

Hallie ignored the disappointment that sliced through her. She’d spent so much time working up to this only to be greeted with a not so subtle suggestion to back off.

“Too bad,” she said softly.

Before he could respond she escaped through the patio determined to stay on the beach long enough to get rid of the awkwardness she felt. She walked down the beach and for the first time the beauty of the sunset and the warmth of the water lapping at her toes didn’t affect her. How could she be stupid enough to think that JT-I-could-have-any-woman-on-the-planet-Johnson was actually interested in her? Why did she allow Abby and the stupid sketch to get her hopes up?

When she returned to the suite she was disappointed to find JT reading a book. He looked up when she closed the door behind her and said simply, “We need to talk.”

“Sure,” she said. “After my shower.”

Hallie spent more than thirty minutes in the shower before she acknowledged she was running away. As a general rule Hallie tried her best to avoid confrontation. It was what landed her in the Cameron mess to begin with. If she’d had the courage to tell him about the pregnancy in person Mindy wouldn’t have had been able to play her little games. Hallie pushed memories of Cameron from her mind. This wasn’t about Cameron. She wouldn’t run that same risk with JT. She wouldn’t run away. She needed to lay it all out on the table and assure JT that these feelings were a passing phase.

“Did the drawing upset you?” he asked before she’d even fully opened the bathroom door.

“Why would it?”

“I just thought you’d be uncomfortable knowing I thought about you like that.”

Hallie sat at the edge of the bed. “Like what? Like a woman worthy of being desired? No, it doesn’t bother me. Quite the opposite reaction actually.”

The lust in the air between them was sharp enough to cut with a knife. He wanted her. There was no way he could hide that and although Hallie couldn’t decide if it was more than just a physical thing, it didn’t matter. She wanted him too and for now that was enough. Before Hallie could talk herself out of it she let the robe fall. Hallie watched his gaze drift up and down her naked body and heard his breath catch.

“Hallie don’t…”

She wondered if the words sounded as unconvincing to his ears as they did to hers.

She moved closer to him. “Why not? We’re two consenting adults. We’re so compatible with everything else I’m sure we’d be amazing at this.”

“Hallie…”

“You want me,” she said matter-of-factly. She brought her hand to the bulge in his pants and rubbed it slowly until he stiffened and groaned. JT removed her hand.

“I want you,” he said. “I’ve wanted you since you stripped off for me that first time but I want our friendship more.”

“We’ve established that it would take an act of God to break this friendship.”

He smiled. His smile encouraged her so she continued, “Let’s think of this as solidifying our friendship.”

She grinned at him. “When you add sex to that toothbrush incident in Las Vegas we’ll be able to say we’ve shared just about everything.”

She saw the battle in his mind as his eyes flicked to her naked body.

“Hallie,” he murmured like a prayer and then his mouth crashed down on hers.





CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE



Hallie’s body was warm under his fingertips and her tongue was fire in his mouth. Lust threatened to burn him alive but he fought it down. She’d had a rough couple of days and the feeling that he was taking advantage of the situation nagged at him. He wanted her, yes, but not in this way.

“I don’t want you to regret this Hallie”

She grinned at him – Cheshire like. “Then make it good.”

Her mouth found his again before he could protest. JT groaned into the kiss. Being like this with Hallie was everything he’d expected and more. So much more.

His hands came around her waist as he lay back on the bed while she straddled him. She moved against the erection straining through his shorts and he struggled to retain composure. He’d waited too many years for this moment to rush it. He flipped her over so that she lay beneath him. She smiled and looked up at him with lust-addled eyes filled with enough trust to make his heart throb as hard as his groin. JT trailed kisses down her neck, nibbled her ears and bit at her lips before he moved his mouth slowly downwards and captured an erect nipple between his teeth. Hallie gasped and fisted her hand in his hair as he made circles with his tongue and gently tugged on her engorged flesh until she made soft, frantic sounds in her throat. He turned his attention to her other breast as he squeezed and twisted the first between his fingers. She bucked against him.

“Oh baby,” he said to her. “You haven’t seen anything yet.”

He planted feather like kisses on the underside of her breasts and trailed down to her stomach and her hips. He smiled when she tensed as his lips came closer to the inside of her thighs. JT brought his thumb to her clit and made slow, languid motions as he trailed his tongue down the inside of her thighs. Her strangled moans became louder and JT’s need for her ran so hot it hurt. When his lips finally found her core she screamed. She felt like fire and tasted like heaven. Hallie shuddered when his fingers slid easily into her tight, wet heat. JT breathed deeply, he couldn’t wait to be inside her but first he was determined to give her the most pleasure of her life even if he died from wanting.

Her cries grew louder with each second and when she moaned his name it sounded like an angel’s song. He took her to the edge of the cliff with his fingers and tongue then pushed her over. JT enjoyed watching her fall.

“God you’re beautiful,” he whispered against her neck as she panted, writhed and moaned.

“You’re wearing too much clothes,” she struggled to say through frantic breaths. It was a damn good observation. JT pulled his shirt over his head while Hallie’s hands flew to his shorts. He’d thought he’d heard every tenor of Hallie’s voice but her soft, husky arousal was on a different plane.

“Your turn,” she whispered.

He exhaled through gritted teeth when she brought her hand down and fondled his erection. “No need. I’m ready.”

She shrugged away his assurance, slid down the bed and wrapped her hand around him. Then she stroked him slowly and firmly until he found himself tethering at the edge of control. When she wrapped her lips around him he fisted his hand in her hair and rode the sensation of her warm mouth until he couldn’t anymore.

“No more Hal,” he whispered.

She smiled up at him like the cat that got the cream but he wiped that smile off her face by flipping her under him and thrusting two fingers inside her.

He chuckled at her surprised ‘oomph’, kissed her and said, “Our turn.”



JT pinned Hallie’s hand above her head, nudged her legs open with his thigh and slid into her. He thrust slow and deep savoring how she felt against him. In that moment he was as close to her as he could ever get. She had his body, mind, soul and heart. He wanted to keep up the slow, lazy rhythm until they climbed the tortuous peak together but he lost it when Hallie wrapped her legs around him and jerked her hips up to meet him. JT thrust into her frantically until there was nothing left but the rapid beating of her heart under him and the way she clenched him like a fist.

“JT,” she moaned. He kissed the side of her cheek and her neck. He could feel the beginning spasms of her orgasm around him.

“Just let go,” he urged. He could feel his own orgasm rising. Hallie wrapped her legs more tightly around him and then finally with eyes wide with pleasure she let go and they came together.



***

Hallie waited for her heartbeat to return to normal and for the delicious tingles coursing through her body to stop. She smiled at JT, brought her hand to his chest and leaned forward kissing him slowly. Was this what making love was all about? Hallie always considered herself to be shy about sex. She often spent more time worrying about her hips, lack of abs or whether she was doing it right to let go. But there was none of that anxiety with JT. He’d seen her at her worst and he still wanted her. There was something liberating and freeing about it. She knew she was staring at him like a lovesick puppy so she averted her gaze. “That was unexpected.”

He grinned and in that moment she knew there’d be no awkwardness.

“I can’t help but feel insulted,” he teased. “You thought I wouldn’t be good at this?”

She laughed. “Well you’ve certainly had practice.”

Hallie was surprised by the bitterness she felt.

“Okay,” he said. “Now that was meant to be an insult.”

“Just an observation.”

She started moving to gather her towel feeling the need to get away from the awkwardness she created. He didn’t say anything when she wrapped it around her and started walking to the bathroom but there was a change in the atmosphere. She didn’t need words to know she’d just pissed him off. There she went running again. Hallie took a deep breath and turned around.

“What?” she asked.

He raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean?”

“Why did my joke piss you off?”

“Firstly, that wasn’t a joke and I’m not as indiscriminate with sex as you think.”

She shrugged and feigned disinterest. “It’s none of my business.”

Silence stretched before he sat up in bed. “Hallie we need to talk.”

His tone of voice signaled that the talk he had in mind was going to be a serious one. She forced herself to move to the bed and sat next to him.

“I can’t do this anymore Hallie,” he said.

“Do what?”

He smiled. It was a small, sad smile that broke her heart.

“For such a smart girl I’m realizing you really are the most oblivious person I’ve come across.”

He brought his forehead to hers. “My relationships didn’t last because none of them were you.”

She tried, but failed, to control her emotions. She wanted to tell him what slid so easily off her tongue to Abby but she couldn’t make herself. The seconds ticked by and she took a deep breath. He’d all but laid his soul out for her. The least she owed him was honesty.

“Sometimes I think I love you,” she whispered.

JT smiled. “Sometimes? You think? I think I’m a good catch. I mean I’m rich, not too much of an ass, we’ve got great conversations and I look good on your arm.”

The tension between them evaporated and they laughed together.

“Of course there’s also the fact,” JT said softly. “I am, and have always been, unconditionally in love with you.”

She could see the earnestness in his eyes and suddenly all the hints people would drop flashed before her. Jasmine. Maya. Abby. Chantal. Love was blind but apparently so was she.

“How did I not see it?”

He kissed her. “Everyone else did.”

“So where do we go from here?” she asked.

“I think we’re right where we need to be.”

JT grinned as he brought his lips to hers and pulled her back into bed.





CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO



Hallie edged herself out of bed where JT still slept beside her. They made love in ways she thought unimaginable until the sun filtered through the sliding door. Stepping into the garden area, Hallie soaked her toes in the plunge pool and remembered how it felt to be immersed in the water with JT deep inside her. Heat pooled in her stomach.

She was busy ordering room service when her cell phone rang. Abby told her the wedding was back on as soon as she answered.

“But Kane and I aren’t going,” her friend said. “Out of respect for you.”

Hallie laughed. “Well who’s going to get the gossip for me if not you?”

“Rely on Leila or something. We should spend the day drinking Wadadlis and lounging on the beach while the guys fill their need for speed with jet skis.”

She stole at glance at JT who had just begun to turn in bed.

“I think JT might like that,” she said. “But we might need a couple hours.”

Abby made a rude sound. “What’s that in your voice? Please don’t tell me you and James have been doing the dirty.”

“Okay,” Hallie laughed. “I won’t.”

She rung off to Abby’s raucous laughter and was still smiling when she turned to JT.

“You’re beautiful,” he said. He kissed the top of her head when she snuggled into him. Their relationship had taken on a dimension Hallie would’ve never thought possible. One look at the way he looked at her told her that all bridges were burned. There was no going back to the way things were before.

“Cameron’s marrying Mindy,” she said. “That was Abby on the phone.”

“You’re not still going to the wedding are you?”

There was legitimate horror in his voice. Hallie laughed. “No we’re hanging with Abby and Kane. They leave in the morning.”

“Why do I feel like I’m being punished for something?” JT said with a small smile.

She kissed him slowly. “We still have a couple of hours before we need to go and I can think of at least one way to pass the time.”



***

The day was reduced to blue skies, the warm ocean, perfectly mixed cocktails and lots of laughter. She and Abby managed to sneak girl time when the guys headed down the beach.

“So how was it?” her friend asked as soon as Kane and JT were out of earshot.

Hallie laughed. “Do you want every single, dirty detail.”

Abby made a face. “It’s James so no. Are you guys together for real now?”

“We’ve decided to take it slow.”

“You’ve been taking it slow for years,” Abby laughed and then said. “I’m happy for you. You deserve someone who loves you as much as James does.”

“I’m scared,” Hallie admitted. “If this doesn’t work out…”

“You will never lose him as a friend,” Abby said. “Stop worrying about it. Let’s order some more drinks.”

The sun had set by the time Hallie hugged Abby goodbye and promised she would finally make the time to visit her in London.

“You better,” Abby shot back. “I’m telling the kids so you know you’ll have to.”



“It’s always bittersweet saying goodbye to her,” she confided in JT as they walked back to their suite.

“So we’ll just have to visit them.”

Her heart did somersaults at the way he said it. It was almost as if he expected he’d be in her life forever. When they turned into the lobby her heart did somersaults for an entirely different reason.

“Ma,” Hallie breathed. “What are you doing here?”

Her mother sat in the lobby clutching a large folder to her chest. Esmeralda’s eyes flicked to JT and then back to Hallie.

“I called her,” JT said. “I think we should go up to the room.”

They walked wordlessly to the suite with Hallie trying to work out the conflicting emotions she felt on seeing her mother.

“What are you doing here?” she asked again once they were inside.

Her mother started to speak but stopped several times before she finished the sentence. “JT told me about the party. I have something to show you.”

Her mother gestured to the couch at the far end of the suite and when they sat she handed her the folder. JT sat opposite her and held her hand as if he was geared up to offer support. In an instant Hallie knew what was in the folder. She handed it back.

“I don’t…”

“I did what I thought was best for you Hallie,” her mother said. Hallie took a good look at her mother. She wasn’t used to seeing her look so defeated.

“I thought you’d be happier and the baby would get a better shot at life,” Esmeralda continued. “I didn’t mean to hurt you but soon after you gave him up I realized you were so hurt and each time I tried to reach out you pulled back. I approached the agency and asked them if there was any way the adoptive family might want to alter the adoption from closed to partially closed. Whenever I tried to bring it up you shut me out so I convinced myself that it was better you didn’t see the updates. The parents kept their word and the packages came year after year. Your son is doing well Hallie. He is happy. He is loved. Just look.”



Her mother held the folder out to her again and with shaking hands Hallie accepted it but she couldn’t bring herself to tear it open. Did she really want to know what he looked like? Did she really want to know his name? Hallie wasn’t sure she could handle seeing that tiny baby she never got a chance to hold all grown up. She shook her head and put the folder down. “I can’t.”

Then, without giving her mother a chance to respond she got up from the couch and walked to the garden area. Footsteps followed her and she knew instantly they were not her mother’s.

JT didn’t say anything. He just held her until the overwhelming surge of panic she felt passed.

“You think I should look don’t you?”

He stroked her cheek. “I don’t think you should do anything you don’t want to do.”

“But you think it’s a good idea.”

“The only way you can let go is to know you made the right decision Hallie.”

“What if seeing him makes it worse?”

“We’ll deal with it. Together.”



Hallie slipped her hand into JT’s and forced her feet to move. Panic still swam and skirted around the edges of her consciousness but she tried to focus on his warm hand in hers and his soothing strokes on her lower back.



“They called him Dominic,” her mother said pushing the folder in her direction. She ignored the urge to push it back.

Her hands still trembled as she reached into it and pulled out the contents. She wasn’t sure what she’d been expecting but she hadn’t been expecting so much. There were enough pieces of paper and photos to make her dizzy. Hallie picked up a copy of baby footprints and traced her fingers over them. They’d included samples of his handwriting, photocopies of report cards and colorful finger paintings.



Hallie went through photos that showed Dominic’s progression from a newborn to a toddler and then to a child with her cheekbones and Cameron’s ears and eyes. They’d included photos of him in basketball uniforms and football jerseys. She laughed at photos of him building snowmen and swimming in pools. There was a constant in almost all of the photos. A wide smile lit up his face that reached to his eyes. You couldn’t fake the happiness she saw there.



She didn’t fight the swell of emotion that pooled in her body, clogged her throat and poured from her eyes. She felt loss and relief in measures that left her weak.

“He looks like he’s living the life,” she said to JT smiling through the tears. He reached out and brushed the tears from her face with the hand not still engulfed in hers. She leaned into his touch feeling tenderness rise up inside her. He hadn’t once let her go.

“How are you feeling?”

“A lot,” she answered. “I think I need it to settle in.”

She glanced up at her mother who sat rigidly beside her. “Can I keep these?”

“They were always yours Hal,” Esmeralda said. “I’ll keep sending any new updates if you want them.”

“I’m going to give you guys some space,” JT said suddenly. “I’ll be at the bar.”

He kissed Hallie lightly, hugged her mother and walked out. Hallie wanted to run after him. She’d been spending as little time in her mother’s presence as she could for years now. It wasn’t hard since Esmeralda was notoriously hard to pin down. If Hallie had thought for a moment her mother didn’t realize she kept her at arm’s length one look at the older woman’s pained face told her differently.

“You never forgave me,” she said.

“It was easier being angry at you than completely at myself,” Hallie admitted. “I hated myself. I thought giving him up was the price I paid for wishing he was never conceived.”

“You did right by that little boy Hallie. You’ve given him a good life and you gave a couple an immeasurable gift.”

Silence stretched between them. She sensed Esmeralda had a lot more to say but instead she asked, “So you and James are really a couple now?”

“We’re seeing where it takes us.”

Her mother smiled. “That’s good. I always thought he was good for you.”

Hallie stood with her mother as she prepared to leave. Maybe Abby was right. She’d been holding on too tightly to the past to be really happy.

“Maybe you can take me along on one of your epic adventures in the summer?” she suggested.

Her mother laughed. It was the laughter of her childhood; warm and unrestrained. “I’d like that.”

She hugged her tight. “I’ll keep in touch. I promise.”

Esmeralda kissed her on her cheek and then she was gone.



In the quiet suite, Hallie tried to come to grips with the tornado of emotions inside her. She’d ripped the Band-Aids off and found that the old wounds festered. She came to Cameron’s wedding to prove a point but left with the knowledge that there was so much of her past she still needed to face. Hallie massaged her temples. She’d stepped on to a rollercoaster of emotions the moment the plane touched down but now she couldn’t bring herself to regret coming. Cameron and Mindy were probably off to start their honeymoon but Hallie realized she’d walked away with the bigger gift. She had to expose her pain to face it. And, she had to face it to be stronger because of it. She’d said for years that what she felt for Cameron had been a kid crush even though she never quite believed that. She always thought there was something more to it. Hallie smiled as she thought of JT. The way she’d felt for Cameron had been as unpredictable as a volcano and burned like lava. Her feelings for JT were the exact opposite. They were steady like the waves of the ocean lapping against the shoreline. They grounded her. Yes, she thought. Cameron and Mindy were probably headed to their honeymoon now but she’d found the love of her life.



***



JT found Hallie sitting in the dark when he returned from the bar an hour later. He hadn’t done much more than nurse a scotch and worry about her. He knew all about rifts with parents and hoped Hallie could find it in herself to mend hers with her mother. It took years for him and his father to repair the damage done to their relationship when he decided to follow his dreams.

“Should I have brought a drink back for you?”

She shook her head slowly. “The last thing I need with all these emotions is liquor in my veins.”

“It’ll be okay,” he promised. “Its gotta get bad before it gets good.”

“Thanks for…”

He silenced her with a kiss. “Stop thanking me for being here. Where else would I be?”

“You have my permission to go searching for a less screwed up woman,” she said with a soft chuckle.

“I’ll keep that in mind,” he said. “But I love this screwed up woman.”

She leaned up and kissed him. It was a soft, tender kiss filled with the promise of things to come. His body reacted immediately.

“Let’s go to bed,” she said.

He planted butterfly kisses along her jaw, in the hollow of her neck and down her abdomen. He’d been a fool to think that his yearning for her would lessen after he had her. He explored her body until he’d tasted every inch, felt every curve and drew breathless sighs from her lips. And when they finally came together he thought he would explode just from the pleasure of feeling her warmth around him. He moved in slow, agonizing thrusts. He didn’t want to have sex with her. He wanted to show her with his body what his lips couldn’t vocalize. He didn’t just want to make love to her. In those moments he wanted to be one with her. Despite the passion that burned slowly in the pit of his groin, JT continued those slow, agonizing strokes relishing each moan and purr that escaped her lips.

“Please,” she whimpered. “More.”

He wanted nothing more than to give her what she asked for and to soothe the maddening ache building inside him but he held back. There would be time for quick, frantic coupling and there’d be nights like these.

“Not yet,” he whispered. His lips found hers and the slow pressure of her mouth against his was his undoing.



The orgasm seemed to be one wave that ripped through them both. He gripped at the sheets, at her hips and kissed her neck as they rode it together.

Then when it was over, he cuddled her into his arms and kissed her forehead.

“Ask me again in fifty years and I don’t think I’ll ever be tired of this,” he said.

Hallie propped herself up on her elbow and smiled down at him. “Are you saying you see us together in fifty years?”

The words had just slipped out and for a couple seconds JT regretted revealing too much. He pulled her down to him. “If it’s always this good I might not last more than twenty five.”

He thought her laughter was the sweetest sound he’d ever heard until she looked at him breathlessly and said, “I love you so much James Thomas Johnson.”





CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE



“You and Hallie?”

Grams Nona offered him a slice of her famous apple pie before sitting beside him on the porch swing. Hallie was somewhere in the house chatting with Jasmine and Maya while cooing over Jade who was toddling around with the two poodles his mother had bought to keep her company once all his siblings moved out.

He grinned at his grandmother. “Me and Hallie.”

The tiny, slip of a woman squeezed his hand. “Finally.”

JT put his hand to his chest and feigned having a heart attack. “Have I finally done something you approve of?”

His grandmother took a cursory glance of his tattoos before setting her face. It wasn’t long before she smiled. “I don’t say it often but I’m proud of you James. Hallie is lucky to have you.”

“I’m the one who is lucky.”

And he meant it.

Seven days.

JT could hardly believe it was possible for things to change so rapidly but they had. Whenever he caught Hallie’s eye across the dining room table they shared something that went beyond friendship. He’d pined for Hallie for years but nothing could actually compare to having her as his own. He intended to make it permanent very soon.



He wasn’t sure how long he sat there before his brothers came out.

“Is this where the lovesick Johnsons come for quiet contemplation?” Orlando asked. He chuckled at that. Jaxon had spent a fair share of Sunday afternoons sitting on the porch swing when things were confusing between him and Maya.

“I’m not love sick,” JT said. “I’m loved up. Really loved up.”

“We don’t need the details.”

This was from Jaxon. His brother was leaned up against the wall with his daughter squirming in his arms.

“So do I have to find another suit?” Orlando asked.

JT nodded. “Sooner than you think.”



Five hours later, exhausted from their lovemaking, Hallie lay in bed on her side with the sheets wrapped around her waist and her breasts pressed against the pillow. She snored ever so softly although she claimed she never did each time JT brought it up. He always threatened to record her so that her gentle snores could be permanently filed but for now, JT preferred immortalizing Hallie in another way. His fingers moved over the sketchpad easily – tracing, in charcoal, the body that he now knew better than his own.

JT used to scoff at the idea that some artists found their muses in people they were in love with. Yet, over the past two weeks JT had sketched, sculpted and painted more than he had in the two months before. He thought of the piece he’d given to his agent to be included in his next show and how important it would be to their future.

“Are you sketching me again?”

Her voice was so groggy he thought she was probably still asleep. He smiled. Hallie was really the most beautiful woman in the world.

“You’re my favorite way to pass time.”

“I can think of better ways Jay,” she said.

“Keep talking like that and I might keep you here forever.”





CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR



Hallie adjusted the straps of the forest green dress that clung to her without seeming too immodest. She slipped the gold bangles on her wrist and urged herself to calm down. She had no idea why she was nervous. She’d accompanied JT to his openings more times than she could count. She checked her reflection in the mirror and tried to squelch the butterflies in her stomach. The opening would be no different to others. They’d walk around sipping champagne and eating canapés while people asked JT questions about his technique and his inspiration. Yet, it would the most different opening of them all. For the first time JT would introduce her as his girlfriend instead of his best friend. He’d done so only one other time when they’d first had Sunday dinner with his family.

Jasmine had looked at her – brown eyes sparkling and said, “Finally.”



Her stomach did another flip-flop. Girlfriend. They’d been back from Antigua for three months and she still couldn’t get used to it.

“You look gorgeous. You’re going to knock the socks off of him.”

Chantal handed her a pair of earrings before turning to the baby she held in her arms. “Isn’t your Auntie Hallie gorgeous?”

Gwynn rewarded her mother with a gurgle.

“Thanks for helping me get ready,” Hallie said. “I got no idea why I’m so nervous.”

“Neither do I. I swear half the city thought you were already dating anyway.”

Hallie reached out for the baby and planted wet sloppy kisses on her cheeks.

“You know,” Chantal said. “I’m pretty sure JT will be happy to oblige you if you’re feeling broody.”

“We’ve only been dating three months Chantal. It’s a bit too early to be thinking of him getting me knocked up.”

“Is it?”

Hallie handed Gwynn to her smirking mother and disappeared to the bathroom to finish her makeup. It was hard for her to focus on the outline of her lipstick when she couldn’t stop imagining what JT’s baby would look like. She cursed Chantal for planting the seed in her mind.

Like it wasn’t already there.

She sighed. She and JT would take things slowly and continue trying to fit into their new roles no matter how natural they seemed. She wasn’t going to ruin things by getting ahead of herself.

“Prince Charming is here,” Chantal called. “You should come collect him before I steal him away.”



JT was bouncing the baby on his knee when Hallie made her way outside. She smiled as images of what it would be like to watch JT play with their baby flooded her mind.

So much for not getting ahead of herself, she thought. She caught Chantal’s wicked smile and glared at her before leaning to kiss her friend on the cheek. “Let yourself out whenever.”



JT slid his hand around her waist, planted a kiss on her cheek and held her hand as they walked out of her apartment building. Hallie raised an eyebrow at the limo parked outside.

“A limo? I thought this was just a small opening.”

JT guided her into the limo. “It is. I want to show you something first.”

They talked about banal things as the limo set off. Glass of champagne in hand, he told her about the problems he was having on his latest sculpture and she updated him on her latest office struggle with Dustin. It felt so comfortable being there with him like this.

“I’m actually nervous,” she confessed. “I’ve never been to one of these shindigs as your girlfriend before.”

He smiled. “Imagine how I feel. These sculptures have been kicking my ass for over a year.”

She kissed him allowing herself to get caught up in the familiarity and the comfort of his lips against hers and his tongue making circles on her own.

“You will be fine. More than fine. You’ll get rave reviews and sell more than I make in a year,” she promised him.

JT chuckled. “You’ll be fine as well. I don’t plan on introducing you as my girlfriend.”

Disappointment settled like lead in her stomach but she teased. “Am I still best friend Hallie?”

She hoped the bitterness in her voice was apparent only to her ears. If JT was affected, he didn’t show it.

“You’re not.”

He reached for her hand and despite her confusion she allowed him to take it.

“Come.”

Hallie realized for the first time that the limo had stopped moving. She slid out of the vehicle as gracefully as her dress allowed.

“What are we doing here? Your opening is clear on the other side of town.”

JT hugged her close. “This is important.”

They stood outside the entrance of NYU’s main library. There were students bustling around even though it was nearly eight at night. Hallie wondered briefly how odd they looked all dressed up in an evening dress and a tuxedo among the jeans and hoodie clad students.

“This is where we met,” he said. “I didn’t know it when you bumped into me but my life changed that day.”

Hallie laughed. “We’re blowing off the your opening so we can take a walk down memory lane? There are easier ways to deal with your nerves JT.”

He laughed along with her. “Be quiet. I’ve planned an entire speech.”

She wrapped her arms around his waist, gazed up at him and obliged his request. The slight she felt at him saying he wouldn’t introduce her to his colleagues as his girlfriend was forgotten for the time being. She would give him a hard time when they got home but for now she was willing to just enjoy being in his arms.

“I’m all ears,” she said.

“I don’t remember when I fell in love with you. My brothers might say otherwise since they had to listen to me bitch and moan day in and out about you not feeling the same. I do remember when I decided I didn’t want to live without you.”

Seven words and Hallie knew what was coming. She tried to steady her breaths but her heart wouldn’t stop thudding against her chest. JT removed himself from her embrace and bent to one knee. It was the most conventional thing she’d ever seen him do and it warmed her heart that he’d make the effort.

“Please tell me you don’t want to live without me either,” he said.

The tears came then.

“I couldn’t live without you. You’ve wormed your way into my life and you refuse to leave.”

He laughed and placed the elegant, emerald cut diamond on her finger. He kissed her thoroughly. “Shall I go introduce everyone to my fiancée?”

Hallie nodded and kissed him. “Out of curiosity just how late can you be for this opening?”

JT’s hand settled on her waist. “As late as my fiancée wants me to be.”

She pulled him closer with heat pooling low in her belly. “Very, very late.”





EPILOGUE



Orlando had been at the gallery for over thirty minutes when he spotted Jasmine in the corner clutching her wine glass so tightly he wondered if it might break.

“Easy there,” he said when he made his way over to her. “If you break it you will have to pay for it.”

His baby sister smiled tightly at him. “Why aren’t you anxious? They should be here by now.”

He acknowledged the worry in his sister’s eyes. Everyone had expected JT would have arrived to the gallery opening at least forty-five minutes ago. He glanced around the room at the smartly dressed people looking at JT’s latest sculptures and sketches. They were stunning. But nothing compared to the focal point of his set. The large, mahogany sculpture immortalized Hallie in love, light and beauty. He couldn’t wait until Hallie saw the surprise. Then again, he thought with a chuckle, it wouldn’t be Hallie’s biggest surprise for the night. The Johnson siblings knew that JT was planning on proposing to his best friend turned lover that night. Orlando was excited for his brother even though something like jealousy sat like a stone in his stomach. He couldn’t miss the pure, unabashed love in his brother’s voice when he spoke about his soon to be fiancée. Orlando drank from his tumbler. The liquid burned much like his chest did. Nearly a decade ago he had a shot at love but he threw it away. Young and stupid, he guessed. What use was it being old and wise if all it did was leave you bitter with regret?

“You think they will ever get here?”

This was from Jasmine who peered up at him quizzically with what seemed like ten thousand questions on her tongue. He was about to answer when his phone chimed. Orlando signaled to Jasmine to hold her thoughts and turned towards a more secluded area of the gallery.

“Johnson,” he said. He fully expected the unknown number to be work related but it wasn’t. He gripped the phone tightly when he heard the voice on the other end. It was a voice he would never forget. Her voice was made of jazz notes and dulcet tones.

“Kat,” he said, breathless with shock.

“Mr. Johnson,” she responded. He took the jab as it was intended but before he could form another sentence she was speaking again.

“I am calling in relation to Jamie Gregory.”

Jamie was a five year old he spent time with on weekends as a part of a mentoring outreach in the community he grew up in before the Johnsons adopted him and changed his life.

“What about him?”

She read off an address and requested he got there as soon as possible. The lead in Orlando’s stomach was no longer down to jealousy or regret. The address Katrina had given him was for a hospital in the Bronx. He wanted to press for more information but he knew she wouldn’t tell him much more over the phone. So instead he said, “I will be right there.”

“Hurry.”

And damn it if there wasn’t a break in her voice. Orlando tried to put the implication from his mind as he rushed for his coat and walked out of what should be one of the happiness nights of his brother’s life.





THE END



###



Join the mailing list for news, updates, giveaways and exclusive content.





OTHER WORKS BY THE AUTHOR





UNEXPECTED LOVERS SERIES

Sail With Me (Emerson and Jonathan)





FALLING LIKE A JOHNSON SERIES



The Gift (Jaxon and Maya)





SHORT STORY COMPILATIONS



Love Bites – A Collection of Short Stories





THE GIFT





CHAPTER ONE



Jaxon Johnson tipped his head back and grimaced as the amber liquid in his tumbler scorched its way down his sore throat. He tried to avoid the eager gazes of the sea of people milling around his living room but sometimes failed. Those who managed to catch his eye offered him solemn smiles before they went back to chattering amongst themselves or filling their plates with the hor d’oeuvres his mother’s favorite catering company provided. Bradley Catering was indeed skilled at any occasion. They’d catered Johnson business dinners, weddings, baby showers and now, funerals.



Anger was acid in his stomach. These people enjoyed themselves much in the same way they enjoyed a company dinner. Even the faces were damned familiar. He spotted Daryl Hodges from the litigation department standing too close to Bonnie, the paralegal Daryl attempted to take home after each office party. She was being politely dismissive to him, as usual. Across the room stood Michael Samuels, a District judge his father played golf with at least three times per year. He ticked the familiar faces off in his mind – the lawyers, the judges, business colleagues and the odd aspiring politician most likely trying to line their campaign coffers with Johnson money. He took another sip of scotch and noticed Raymond Sheppard, one of Johnson and Associates’ most prominent clients, looking in his direction. The man popped a dainty sandwich into his mouth then wove his way through the sea of black towards him. Jaxon muttered a curse under his breath. He scanned the room looking for an escape but when he found none, he stood straighter and stiffened his back.



The burly man brought his hand to Jaxon as if he were going to pat him on his back but seemed to rethink it. He let his hand to drop to his side.

“My deepest and sincerest condolences,” he said. “I can’t begin to imagine how rough this is for you.”

You’re not making it any easier, Jaxon thought. Instead he said, “Thanks for coming.”

The seconds ticked by with tense silence before Jaxon spoke. He muttered the words he knew the man wanted to hear. “Your support means a lot.”

It didn’t. Jaxon would gladly boot everyone from his townhouse if he half thought he could get away with it. He’d put Charlotte in the ground less than three hours before and the last thing he wanted was to be surrounded by a group of people. He didn’t want to make small talk. He didn’t want to restrain himself. He wanted to be drunk out of his mind and numb to the aching pain in the middle of his chest. In the end it was easier to allow his mother and grandmother to plan Charlotte’s reception than it was to fight them. He just wished he had known they would invite everyone he knew. Most of these people had never even met Charlotte but came along to the reception, as they had the funeral, to pay their respects to his family. None of them could begin to understand the depth of the pain losing Charlotte caused. God, he envied them. When they finished paying their respects they’d walk out of his townhouse and back to their tidy lives. He would remain trapped in the hell where he spent every night lying in his darkened room watching shadows dance on his ceiling while bargaining with God or any deity to bring his sweet girl back. He would continue to spend his mornings being jolted awake in cold sweat when he reached for his wife and found an empty, cold bed. Jaxon’s chest tightened. Nothing was bringing Charlotte back. Nothing could. His family connections couldn’t. His wealth would never be enough and neither would his pleadings with God. His wife was dead. A bullet to the chest, a quarter of an inch thick, shattered his life into pieces he wasn’t sure he’d be able to put back together.



The sea of people swam before Jaxon so he took two steps backwards until he felt the wall behind him. He tried to anchor himself, suddenly feeling like he didn’t have the strength to stand upright. He divided his life into two parts. The life he lived before he received that phone call and the fragmented pieces of the life he lived now.



His life with Charlotte seemed so foreign and so distant that at his worst Jaxon wondered if he dreamt up their time together. Grief washed over him, sudden and thick, when he remembered the last time he’d seen his wife.

Six weeks. Five days. Fifteen hours.

The images flashed through his mind punctuated with fresh stabs of pain. They were curled up in bed with the first stirrings of sunlight peaking through the floor to ceiling windows. Charlotte lay with the cotton sheets pulled around her body and her tightly coiled, thick, black hair spread out on the white sheets, damp from their early morning love making. He’d been running late for an early pre-trial meeting but wasn’t ready to leave his warm bed or his lovely wife. Charlotte smiled up at him, “Your last name might be on the firm’s letterhead but your dad could still fire your ass.”

When he finally dragged himself out of bed she grinned and said, “Maya and I are running a special errand today.”

She stretched, feline like, before propping herself up against the ornate oak headboard, “I’ll tell you all about it over dinner.”

Jaxon crawled over the plush sheets and planted a kiss on her upturned lips, “I don’t give a damn about anything Maya gets up to.”

Hurt flashed across Charlotte’s face but was quickly replaced by a warm smile as she reached in for another kiss. Jaxon was relieved his comment didn’t start an argument. He and Charlotte didn’t argue much but whenever they did, the fights were usually about Maya. He didn’t get along with her best friend and he didn’t think he ever would or ever wished to.

“This errand is all about us,” Charlotte promised.



Jaxon spent most of his day looking forward to Charlotte’s surprise. But dinner never came. Two hours before that phone call Charlotte sent him a short text: Gonna be late. Maya’s dragging me to the bank and won’t take no for an answer. Let’s meet an hour later? I love you.

Jaxon was working on some important commercial transaction so he casually read the text and returned to work. He didn’t think twice about not responding. He figured he’d see Charlotte at dinner, albeit late, and tell her off, for the millionth time, about the extent she allowed Maya to control her life.

Had Jaxon known that less than an hour later Charlotte would lie on the floor of a bank with her blood pooling around her on the dark carpet he’d have done everything in his power to make her stand up to her bully of a best friend. As it was, Jaxon had to live with knowing his wife died without him being able to say goodbye or tell her that she was the most important thing in his universe.



If the phone call telling him Charlotte died in a botched robbery tilted his world off its axis, identifying her body at the morgue shattered it. The memory of Charlotte lying on the cold, sterile table still haunted him each night.



It wasn’t the small drop of blood contrasting against the white sheet wrapped around her that caused the most pain. No, it was the silence. It was the stillness. Charlotte had always been a bundle of energy. It was what caught his interest and what kept him falling in love with her over and over again. He traced his finger along her mouth despairing that her lips would never curve into a smile again, laughter would never spill forth from her tongue and the secret she was so excited to share at dinner died with her. Jaxon tensed. That wasn’t strictly the truth.

Maya and I are going on a special errand today.

At least one person knew what his wife wanted to share with him but Jaxon would rather come face to face with the Devil than talk to Charlotte’s best friend. If that were the price for finding out Charlotte’s surprise he’d allow curiosity to kill him over and over again.

“You good?”

Jaxon tried to blink away the memories and focus on his younger brother who seemed to have appeared out of nowhere.

“I’m fine.”

JT raised a pierced eyebrow and shook his head, “Don’t bullshit me Jax. You should’ve followed my plan.”

JT, the proverbial black sheep of the family, had suggested Jaxon went straight from the funeral to a hotel where he could hide out for the night. Jaxon wished he’d listened to him much in the same way he wished he’d listened to JT’s suggestion that one of their siblings identify Charlotte’s body instead of him.

“I’ll be fine.”

“No you won’t. None of these idiots look like they’re in a hurry to leave. Let me take you back to my apartment. You don’t need this fucking circus right now.”

That was something they could both easily agree on and Jaxon was about to take JT up on his offer when he glimpsed someone else walking towards him. She was wearing a loosely fitted black dress and her hair fell around her shoulders. Anger; red and hot, replaced the grief which had been so close to drowning him. He embraced it. It was a relief to feel something other than crippling pain.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” he asked when she was close to him. Those nearest to them stopped talking abruptly and observed the scene set up before them without bothering to hide the curious stares. JT held Jaxon’s shoulder and whispered fiercely, “Not here Jax.”

Jaxon ignored him.

“Get the hell out of my house Maya.”

Maya’s face tightened but Jaxon didn’t back down. He’d caught glimpses of her at the funeral but tried his best to ignore her. He didn’t have the power to ban Charlotte’s best friend from her funeral but he could sure as hell boot the cause of his wife’s death from his house. He hadn’t come face to face with Maya since a week after Charlotte’s death and the depth of his anger surprised him. He’d always believed a man should never hit a woman but his hands curled into a fist at his side all the same.

“Get out.” Jaxon clenched his jaw in a last ditch effort to remain in control. Maya surprised him by staying in place. It was almost as if she’d dug her ballet flats into the forest green carpet and grew roots there.

“We need to talk Jaxon.”

Her voice added fuel to the already raging fire and it was only JT’s tightening grip on Jaxon’s shoulder that prevented him from doing something he’d regret bitterly in the morning.

“I don’t have anything else to say to you Maya. Just leave.”

She stiffened. “Too bad. I’ve got a lot to say to you.”

“I know listening to what other people want isn’t your strong point,” he spat. Jaxon paused, feeling pleased with himself when he saw the guilt flash across her face. He clenched his fist more tightly. “Thanks to you Charlotte is gone. There isn’t a damn thing linking us now. I don’t have to pretend to like you and I sure as hell do not have listen to anything you have to say.”



The words burned like venom on his tongue. Jaxon imagined Charlotte would crinkle her forehead as she playfully punched him in the arm and urged him to be nice to Maya. She’d be very disappointed but Jaxon didn’t care. He was running low on hope and patience. Maya led Charlotte to her death that day because she couldn’t, for once in her life, think of someone other than herself.

“You’re wrong,” she said softly. “Can we please go somewhere and talk?”

Her voice broke but Jaxon ignored it. Fine. If she wouldn’t leave, he would. He flicked his head towards JT ignoring the confusion etched on his brother’s face, “Let’s go.”

Jaxon forced his feet forward and began to walk past Maya. He’d barely taken three steps when she spoke. Her voice was soft and firm but it shook like hell around the edges.

Her words shattered what was left of Jaxon’s world.

“We’re still linked Jaxon. I’m having your baby.”





CHAPTER TWO



Maya Jenkins’ heart thumped hard against her ribcage. Finally saying the words she’d kept locked inside for six and a half weeks felt like a boulder was lifted off her shoulder. Only, Maya was finding that the boulder had been holding her upright. Maya didn’t think a black man could go pale but Jaxon’s deep chestnut complexion turned ashen before her eyes. In the end it was his brother who reacted first. JT caught up with Jaxon in one long stride and whispered something into his ear. Her best friend’s widower visibly deflated and walked out of the living room.



The people milling around the living room, in their expensive, black suits, all paused to observe the scene playing out in front of them. Some stole glances from behind wine glasses while others looked on with unabashed fascination. Maya wanted to sink into the floor, even more so when she saw the other three Johnson siblings begin to close in ranks. JT held his hand up with his palms facing out towards them. Jasmine nodded her head and the three of them stood there together by the fireplace waiting for the tiniest signal from JT so that they could spring into action. The panic Maya tried to keep at bay came rushing back. She took deep breaths to steady herself but the room continued to spin.

“Come with me.”

JT stood mere inches away with his neat dreadlocks pulled into a ponytail and his lips set into a grim line. She didn’t resist when he held her arm and led her from the sitting room into the foyer.

“What the hell is going on Maya?” he asked. Of all of Jaxon’s siblings, Maya was closest to JT. She did business with one of his friends and spent more than enough time in his presence to know he was sweet and levelheaded. For a split second she wondered if she could just tell JT everything instead. Surely he’d be better able to handle his brother than she could. The words were on the tip of her tongue but she swallowed them with the huge gasps of air she’d been taking.

“He’s in his room,” JT said eventually. “I figured that you guys needed to be away from the crowd for this conversation. Do you need me to come?”

Maya shook her head, “It’s not what you think.”

Her stomach clenched. She knew what JT must have been thinking but when she tried to set him straight, he gave her arm a soft squeeze and said, “It’s none of my business. You know the way to the room.”

Without giving her a chance to respond, JT slipped back into the living room leaving her standing in the quiet foyer alone. Maya stood rooted in place for several seconds trying to find the courage to move. She didn’t want to have this conversation with Jaxon even though she knew it was one they had to have. She placed her hand to her already slightly swollen stomach.

“Oh Charlotte,” she whispered. “What the hell am I going to do?”

Grief was a lump in her throat when she realized, not for the first time, that Charlotte would never give her advice again. They’d never have mid-morning coffee breaks at their favorite Starbucks. She’d never open a message with her friend’s favorite winking emoji. Maya held her chest hoping the action would force air through her lungs. She took in the little knickknacks in the foyer – a photo of them hanging next to a bronze vase, Charlotte’s favorite forest green coat hanging on the metal rack and barely swallowed a whimper of pain. She was standing here and Charlotte wasn’t. And, it was all her fault. Images of Charlotte lying in her arms as blood poured from gunshot wounds blindsided Maya but she took several deep breaths until the room righted itself. She would return to her private hell, where she couldn’t do anything to save her best friend, later. She needed her energy to face what lay ahead.



She walked the short distance to the kitchen and then up the stairs before stalling in front of the door to Jaxon and Charlotte’s room. She was about to have the second most difficult conversation of her adult life but she couldn’t find the words. She rapped softly and waited three seconds before pushing it open. Jaxon stood with his back facing her as he gazed out the floor to ceiling windows. She spent some time observing him. At six-three he still towered over her but she couldn’t help but notice his suit fit him too loosely. The Johnsons had enough money so that all their suits were custom made so Jaxon was either too overwhelmed or too indifferent to hide his weight loss. She glanced down at her own loose fitting dress. She may have plucked it off the racks at Macy’s but it also reminded her of just how much weight she’d lost. She made a mental note to be better about eating. She had a baby depending on her. Thoughts of the baby jolted her back to the present. She cleared her throat and after a couple of seconds Jaxon turned to face her. He looked like a bull trapped in a cage and she seemed to be waving a red flag. Maya took a deep breath and exhaled slowly through her mouth but it didn’t calm her. Her heart continued beating erratically in her chest. Jaxon stood there gazing at her for nearly a full minute with his body tense, jaw tight and eyes hard while Maya struggled to find something to say. In the end, he spoke first, “How far along are you?”

“Nearly three months,” she said softly.

“Three months?” he echoed. He was like a balloon she’d just pricked with a pin. Maya almost wished she could have the anger back.

“Charlotte was pretty devastated about the last time and she wanted to be sure the embryo took before she shared it with anyone… even you. We finished the three-week waiting period and had just come back from confirming…”

Maya allowed her voice to trail off not wanting to finish the sentence. When she’d finally agreed to be Charlotte’s gestational surrogate she never imagined they’d find themselves in this position. Their first attempt at IVF had been a disaster. Although the pregnancy test showed a positive result, shortly before the three-week mark Maya miscarried. The rollercoaster of emotions she felt had been brutal. She’d spun between feeling like she’d let her friend down and feeling damned relieved. Half the time she wasn’t sure she was ready for pregnancy, even though she would hand over the baby at the end. When the doctor gave them the all clear, Charlotte’s happy excitement was infectious and Maya knew giving up nine months of her life so that her best friend could have what she wanted the most in this world was the smallest price to pay. She squeezed her eyes shut knowing her desperate desire to be sick had nothing to do with the early stages of pregnancy. Charlotte had known she was about to be a mother for all of three hours before she was dead. Maya imagined the wide, happy grin that was suddenly permanently glued to her best friend’s face as she chattered excitedly about baby names, nursery designs and the ‘baby box’ she had stashed in her walk in closet. Charlotte had been debating whether she should go with lobster or steak for the fancy dinner she would surprise Jaxon with when the gunmen stormed in. Maya’s eyes burned. She would give anything to take those hours back.

“She was so happy Jaxon,” Maya said softly. “I don’t think I’d ever seen her so excited about anything. She was going to surprise you at dinner.”

He smiled grimly. “She would’ve had a chance to if for once in your life you’d listened to what Charlotte wanted. She didn’t want to go to the bank and you knew it. She texted me to say that you were dragging her there.”

He spat the words out so fiercely that Maya cringed.

“I didn’t kill Charlotte. I didn’t pull that trigger, ” she said. She sighed. Her voice sounded feeble to her own ears. She’d been the reason Charlotte had been in the bank that day and she couldn’t outrun the guilt gnawing at her soul. She looked up at Jaxon and almost recoiled at the look she saw in his eyes. She’d halfheartedly wished to have his anger back instead of the sad, broken man standing before her but now the anger was burning with full force she wanted to turn and run. Her stomach cramped violently when she wondered what he’d do to her if he knew the role she actually played in Charlotte’s death. Maya shook away the fear. No one knew what really happened in that bank and no one would. She would take it to her grave. Maya was so busy trying to keep the panicked guilt at bay that she almost missed when Jaxon spoke.

“Get rid of it.”

Her widened eyes met his, “You can’t mean that.”

“Don’t tell me what I mean,” he said. “I’ll set up an appointment for you.”

“No,” she said. There was a new type of panic coursing through her veins and it made her frantic. “This is the only bit of Charlotte you’ll have left.”

As soon as the words left her mouth Maya knew she’d said the wrong thing. Jaxon’s face became a macabre slideshow of pain, anger, grief and then more pain. Maya recognized those emotions. She saw them each time she looked into the mirror. She stared out the windows so that she didn’t lose her resolve. Six weeks ago she held her best friend in her arms as she died and promised her she would be a good mother to Charlotte’s unborn child. She’d go to battle with Jaxon to fulfill that promise.

“You don’t get a say in this,” Jaxon said. His voice had gone hard and he fixed his gaze on her as if he were daring her to challenge him.

Maya kept her voice calm, “It’s my body. You can’t force me to have an abortion.”

The off-white walls seemed to contract under the force of the tension in the room. Maya bit her lip until she tasted the metallic sting of blood.

“Get rid of it,” Jaxon said again. He spoke like he could command it to be so. Maya wondered if it was this firm, demanding voice that won him so many cases in the courtroom.

“It is your child,” she shouted. She took a deep breath knowing nothing could be gained from losing her temper. She tried to empathize with Jaxon’s point of view. In the weeks after Charlotte’s death, Maya often thought about abortion. If she were completely honest with herself it was one of the reasons she’d taken so long to work up the courage to tell Jaxon about the pregnancy. The thoughts were, however, as fleeting as they were usually fuelled by grief. Logically Maya knew Jaxon deserved more time to process the news. Yet, logic didn’t make his demand sting any less and she found it hard to fight the anger.

“I’ll have my assistant set up an appointment…”

“Jaxon,” she said softly. She reigned the anger in and held it deep in her belly, “Charlotte wanted…”

“Don’t you dare talk about what Charlotte wanted,” he said. “Charlotte wanted to come straight home to me. You didn’t give a fuck about her wishes then so don’t pretend to care about them now.”

Maya tried to respond but the words stuck to the roof of her mouth. Jaxon didn’t give her a chance speak instead he said, “You forced Charlotte into the bank that day and you didn’t even have the decency to be the one to die.”



You didn’t even have the decency to be the one to die.

It was like he punched the breaths from her body. She hadn’t died but she spent many hours wanting to. There were moments when all she wanted to do was wash a handful of painkillers down with vodka and the pain that had become too much to bear. But she still had this little being growing inside her - the thing Charlotte wanted more than anything in the word, and that kept her going. She’d promised her best friend she’d be a mother to her child and Maya was determined to protect it at all costs. It didn’t matter if that meant going head to head against Jaxon and his family. She grimaced. What would it be like trying to take on the Johnsons in court? His family didn’t run one of the most successful law firms in New York and Atlanta due to luck. They employed legal hawks and Maya knew one of their sharpest minds stood in front of her shaking with anger. Still, she was determined to fight him to the end of the earth and she opened her mouth to tell him this when he caught her eyes and said, “Please go Maya. Just go.”

The pleading in his voice was her undoing. The arrogant man she’d loved to despise would have quicker died before he begged her for anything. He stumbled to the bed and sat there staring straight ahead as if she’d already left. Her heart hurt. Maya wanted to reach out to him, wipe the deep wrinkles in his forehead away before pulling him into her embrace. She wanted to promise him that they would find some way to work through this. But Maya hated telling lies. So, instead, she walked slowly towards the door. She wrapped her hand around the doorknob and whispered, “You know where to find me when you’re ready to talk.”



Maya’s legs shook so much on the way down the stairs she was afraid they’d give out on her. She found JT and the rest of Jaxon’s siblings huddled together in the expansive kitchen.

“Shit,” she mumbled under her breath trying to make it to the door before they noticed her. She was almost there when JT called for her to wait up. The other three flashed her curious glances when she reluctantly stopped and turned around. She steeled herself for the questions she knew they had. Jasmine, who stood with her back against the island and a glass of water in her hand, looked ready to fire off questions. The youngest brother whispered something into his sister’s ear and with another glance at Maya, Jasmine followed her siblings from the kitchen. Maya wilted with relief. Talking to JT was one thing but she wasn’t ready to face anyone else.

“Maya,” he said softly. She waited for the questions to come but they didn’t. Instead JT hugged her tightly. Maya surprised herself by sinking against him unable to stop the flood of tears. He didn’t say anything as she cried but handed her a handkerchief when she finally composed herself.

“I’m so sorry…”

“Don’t be,” he said as if he had hysterical women crying all over him each day of the week.

“Wanna tell me what’s going on with you and Jaxon?” he asked. Although his forehead was creased his eyes were surprisingly warm. She was tempted to tell him everything but for the second time, Maya stopped herself.

“It’s Jaxon’s story to tell.”

JT seemed to accept this, “It’s Jaxon’s baby?”

She nodded and bit back the explanation hovering on her tongue.

“Do you need a ride home?”

Maya shook her head and promised him she would be okay even though she felt furthest from it.

“Just go talk to your brother,” she said quietly.

Then Maya walked away into the cold, winter evening feeling more alone than she ever had in her life.





Purchase ‘The Gift’ on Amazon.





SAIL WITH ME





CHAPTER ONE



Emerson Crane tapped her fingers against her wine glass in the rhythm of her favorite song as she adjusted the phone she held in her other hand. The rhythm was meant to soothe her frazzled nerves but didn’t distract her from the two pairs of eyes she knew bore into her back. Her best friends, Aoife and Hannah, meant to offer support but Emmy wanted to squirm under their curious gazes even though she couldn’t actually see them. She took a deep breath and focused her full attention on the conversation she was having. Unfortunately, that conversation was going straight to hell.



“Yes,” she said trying to sound more confident than she felt. “You understood correctly the first time. Would the trip still be available if my boyfriend couldn’t come with me?”

“Did you break up before the results were announced?” Joan Sheldon asked in the brisk, no-nonsense voice Emmy already thought to be her trademark. Her voice was tinged with the incredulity and annoyance she didn’t bother to mask.

“No,” Emmy said. Her already non-existent confidence in her plan slipped further as she spoke, “He can’t make the trip because of work commitments.”

Emmy tried to cross her fingers, the way she usually did when she lied, but couldn’t do it without dropping the phone or the wine glass. She couldn’t part with either so she made a mental sign of the cross to assuage her guilt.

“You are aware that the trip is a couple escape, yes?” Joan asked after a brief pause. The woman’s deep, raspy voice reminded Emmy of a six to seven pack per day smoking habit.

“I know,” Emmy murmured.

“It’s not rocket science dear. If your boyfriend can’t make the trip then we’ll move on to the next couple on the list.”

Joan managed to convey an eye roll and a condescending pat on the shoulder merely with the tone of her voice. Emmy felt her cheeks go hot. She’d been stupid to enter the competition in the first place but even more so to think she would’ve been able to claim the prize Life handed to her with a heavy dollop of Irony. Images of the cruise ship’s penthouse stateroom and the nine Caribbean islands on the itinerary flashed through her mind and an involuntary sigh escaped her lips. It was, indeed, the prize of a lifetime but she seemed fated to lose it just as she’d lost her pride, self-esteem and trust when her ex-boyfriend shot their three-year relationship to hell.

“Is there something you want to tell me Ms. Crane?” Joan Sheldon asked, her voice piercing the thick, dark fog of Emmy’s memories. It was a welcome relief even though something in the woman’s tone made Emmy feel like the jig was up.

She wrapped her hand more tightly around the glass of wine and feigned ignorance, “I don’t understand what you mean.”

“Look, if you and…” the sound of shuffling papers pierced the brief silence, “… Jonathan are no longer together or Jonathan never actually existed you should do yourself and the radio station a favor and not waste our time. I’ve been heading this competition long enough to have heard it all before. No, you won’t be allowed to take one of your girlfriends on the cruise. No, you won’t be able to substitute the man you claimed to be your boyfriend with a new boyfriend. You get the drift?”

The reasonable, rational part of Emmy’s brain screamed that it was best she took Joan’s reasonable, rational advice. She should stop wasting everyone’s time and admit she was a fraud.

Unfortunately, the other part of her brain was larger, louder and it was fixated on white sand and turquoise oceans.

“I understand,” she said.

“So we’ll pop by your apartment in the next two weeks to take photos for the magazine and do the interview?”

The questioning edge to Joan’s voice was Emmy’s last chance to confess. She chose not to accept it.

“Okay,” she said but there was a slight crack in her voice which, Emmy was sure, betrayed that it definitely wasn’t okay.

“And Emerson,” Joan said seconds before Emmy disconnected the call. “Remember to have both your and Jonathan’s birth certificates and social security numbers handy. We’ll need them to verify your identities.”

Emmy almost came clean then but Joan was gone before she could squeeze the words from her panic filled throat.





CHAPTER TWO



Emmy placed the phone gingerly into its cradle as though it would break if she put too much pressure on it. Surely, she thought with a sad smile, it was her nerves at risk of breaking and not the phone. She turned to her two best friends sprawled on their couch, wine glasses in hand and interested gazes now locked directly on her.

“It’s not going to work,” she announced before taking a huge gulp of her Merlot. “Why the heck did I think it would again?”

Her friend, Hannah, fixed her dancing baby blue eyes on Aoife and arched an eyebrow.

“What?” Aoife said with a laugh adjusting the straps on the coral dress, which perfectly complemented her toffee skin. “It seemed reasonable to claim Jonathan had a work related conference or something.”

Emmy squeezed between her friends, “Well that didn’t work. She saw right through it! Besides listen to this, when they come for the interview and photo shoot they want to see our birth certificates.”

Hannah pulled her blonde curls from her ponytail and set her wine glass down on the wicker coffee table, “There goes my plan for asking Mitchell to go along with pretending to be your boyfriend.”

Emmy sighed. That would’ve been a perfect compromise. She and Mitchell got on splendidly so spending twelve days with him would be nothing short of an absolute riot.

“Hate to be the one to point out the obvious but I’m not sure Mitchell would sell being straight very well,” Aoife interjected.

Emmy grinned. They would’ve had to find a way to get around that particular issue but now it didn’t matter. Even if Mitchell might’ve been able to fake being attracted to her, they’d still need a birth certificate to prove that he was Jonathan Smith.

“What’s the black market for birth certificates like?” Emmy joked. Then in a soft voice she said, “I’m going to call her back and tell her I lied.”

She’d look like a desperate idiot, especially after Joan had given her so many chances to come clean, but it was better to face the humiliation now instead of when Joan showed up to her front door with a camera crew tow.

Emmy reached for the phone but Aoife placed her hand over hers, “What if we got them a Jonathan Smith?”

Her friend got up from the couch and began to pace the length of their small living room. Emmy and Hannah exchanged looks. Aoife McCalla was Trouble with a British accent.

“And how do you suggest we do this?” Hannah asked. Her voice was calm and measured as it usually was when she tried to figure out just how much trouble Aoife would get them into. Emmy laughed. The three of them shared a room during their first year of NYU and quickly became friends. Their friendship survived four years of University and they moved in together when they decided to stay in New York and take on the world. She always thought the strength of their friendship was down to the fact their personalities complemented each other. If it weren’t for Hannah’s voice of reason, Aoife would coax her into a lot more trouble than she already did. Emmy wondered if that was even possible.

“Well thanks to Emmy and her Pocahontas complex she chose a pretty damn common name. All we need to do is find one.”

Aoife spoke as if they were about to head down to Fifth Avenue to pick up a pair of heels. She knew Aoife well enough to know that her friend probably thought it would be that simple.



As she talked, Aoife pulled open her laptop and sat at the small, study desk tucked into the corner of the living room. She turned to them and grinned, “Someone order pizza and crack open another bottle of wine. We’ve got work to do.”

“I think I should just let it go,” Emmy said looking at Hannah knowing she would agree with her. Hannah was the balanced one, the reasonable one. Hannah was that voice in her head preventing her from doing things she’d regret in the morning. But Hannah didn’t offer any words of wisdom this time. Instead, she started moving towards the small cabinet beside the TV set where they kept their bottles of wine.

“Let’s make this happen,” Hannah said. When she saw the dubious look on Emmy’s face, she flashed her a bright smile, “Never say never. It’s worth a shot.”

Emmy grumbled, reached for her phone and ordered a large pizza from the pizza place on the corner they used so frequently each delivery guy knew their names and orders. Emmy padded across the living room to where her friends gathered. She was willing to try if they were. After all, what was the worst thing that could happen?





Purchase Sail With Me on Amazon!





TO THE READER





Thank you so much for taking this journey with Hallie and JT. I really hope you enjoyed the read. Help ‘Will You Be Mine?’ find its way to more readers by leaving a rating or review on Amazon and Goodreads!

Also, don’t forget to join my mailing list for updates on new releases, promotions and so much more!





Much Love.

Rilzy





ABOUT THE AUTHOR





Rilzy Adams believes that all you need is love. Or, at least it should. She may, or may not, be a huge Beatles fan.

She spends too much time living in her head watching the romantic lives of her ‘imaginary friends’ play out and then being the chatty friend to tell the world about them.

When she isn’t living in her head, she must show up to work every day and be a lawyer.

She resides on an island in the middle of the Caribbean Sea, which is amazing for her sun addiction, love affair with Prosecco and sushi worship.





For information on new releases, promotions and more: Join the Mailing List

Visit her website at: www.rilzywrites.com

Follow her on Twitter: @rilzy

Like her on Facebook: Rilzy Adams

Email her at: booksbyrilzy@gmail.com





Table of Contents

CHAPTER ONE

CHAPTER TWO

CHAPTER THREE

CHAPTER FOUR

CHAPTER FIVE

CHAPTER SIX

CHAPTER SEVEN

CHAPTER EIGHT

CHAPTER NINE

CHAPTER TEN

CHAPTER ELEVEN

CHAPTER TWELVE

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

CHAPTER NINETEEN

CHAPTER TWENTY

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter One

Chapter Two





