Table of Contents


	Books by Lena Hart

It’s a Dare, Baby

Dear Readers

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Epilogue

Sneak Peek

From the Author

More from Lena Hart

About the Author





Text copyright ©2016 by the Author.

This work was made possible by a special license through the Kindle Worlds publishing program and has not necessarily been reviewed by CP Publishing. All characters, scenes, events, plots and related elements appearing in the original Dare To Love Series remain the exclusive copyrighted and/or trademarked property of CP Publishing, or their affiliates or licensors.

For more information on Kindle Worlds: http://www.amazon.com/kindleworlds





It’s a Dare, Baby



Sean & Nadia #2





Lena Hart





More Contemporary Romances

by Lena Hart



Brides of Cedar Bend series

Something Old



Queen Quartette series

His Flower Queen

His Bedpost Queen

Queen of His Heart

His Diamond Queen



City of Sin spin-off series

B is for Bedpost

The Devil’s Bedpost



Because of Love… series

First Love (prequel)

Because You Love Me

Because You Are Mine

Because This Is Forever



Standalones

My Silent New York Night





Join my Reader Group!

Check out my other books.





Sean and Nadia Colt understand just how much parenthood changes things. Their energetic 6-month-old does his best to keep them exhausted with little energy left for “mommy and daddy” time. Nadia, however, is determined to be the perfect mother and wife—until the high expectations she set for herself begins to take its toll.



When an unexpected development adds another layer of strain between them, Sean decides a pre-holiday “mommy getaway” might be just what his wife needs. Left alone for the weekend with his hyperactive son, Sean soon develops a deeper appreciation for his wife’s role in their lives.



But there’s someone who eagerly wants back into his… Will Sean’s newfound regard for family allow him to truly forgive his estranged mother and make their family whole again?





Dear Readers





Thank you for downloading IT’S A DARE, BABY—the sequel to HER SEDUCTIVE DARE, my first Dare to Love Kindle World story. Though this second story was unplanned, it is my hope to give Sean and Nadia the closure and happily-ever-after they deserve.



If you haven’t read book one, be sure to check it out before starting book two—but you don’t necessarily have to. Each story is complete and can be read as standalones.



I hope you enjoy Sean and Nadia’s story—and don’t forget to leave a review!



All the best,

Lena ♥

www.LenaHartSite.com



P.S. If you’re interested in more of my contemporary romances, you can download a free copy of FIRST LOVE, a prequel to my second chance, office romance series.





One





Nadia Colt covered her husband’s mouth with her hand as she slowed her gyrations over him.

“Shh…” she murmured on a soft moan. “You’re going to wake him.”

Sean gripped her hips tight and held her firm as he jerked his hips up. Nadia dug her nails into his chest and bit her lip hard to keep her cries of pleasure from escaping her. Their son slept several feet away from them in his crib, but he had become a light sleeper, and the last thing she wanted was to wake him with their noises.

Except, it had been weeks since they had been able to make love—even longer since they had been able to do it with complete abandon—and it was as if their dry spell had left them hypersensitive to each other. Tonight, she had found the time and energy to lose herself in her husband’s arms and keeping quiet was proving to be a major challenge.

Sean reared up and covered her lips with his. Nadia threaded her fingers through his dark hair as he kissed her deeply, pulling her soft gasps into his mouth. His hard length was buried deep inside her, sending delightful shivers along her body as she continued slowly rolling her hips against him.

He pulled away from her and began tugging up her night shirt.

Nadia grabbed his hand. “Sean… you promised.”

“I know, babe, but I want to feel you.” He pressed his lips against her neck. “All of you. Please.”

He moved his lips down her throat, stopping right above her collarbone. Nadia closed her eyes and sighed from the sweet pleasure. She was still shy about her post-pregnancy body and had made him promise to keep the bedside lamp on if she could keep her shirt on as well. Now, he wanted her to reveal her small pooch and stretch marks?

When he tugged at her shirt again, Nadia didn’t resist. Another part of her craved that small intimacy of being skin to skin. He pulled the soft material up and over her head then pressed his lips between the swells of her breasts. The cool air brushed along her heated skin, but it was his warm mouth closing around her taut nipple that engulfed her body in flames.

Having him taste her breast milk always embarrassed and aroused her, but it never seemed to bother him any. He continued to lap and suck at her and Nadia bit on her lower lip hard to keep the strangled moan from her escaping.

Wrapping her arms around his head, Nadia held him close as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her. Without warning, Sean flipped her onto her back and moved over her with a deep thrust. A sharp cry escaped her, but she instantly buried her face in the crook of his neck to muffle her sounds.

Sean wasn’t as careful.

He drove into her again and again, sending the headboard crashing against the wall. She dug her fingers into his arms, wanting to tell him to go easy. Yet, what came out instead was a harsh gasp as her orgasm swept over her in a surge of sharp pleasure.

Nadia clamped her eyes shut and clung to him, letting the electric currents move through her with incredible intensity. Above her, Sean released a low growl as he also found his release. He fell over her and buried his face in the pillow beside her. His heartbeat thudded against hers in unison, and their breathing came out in heavy pants.

After weeks without his lovemaking, Nadia’s body felt as if it had been struck with a voltage of live electricity. She only hoped they hadn’t woken—

A series of agitated grunts came from the crib before their son dissolved into fits of tears and loud wails. She sighed, and Sean groaned.

“You woke him,” Nadia muttered.

He pressed a kiss on her neck then moved down to her shoulder. “Sorry.” His tone was low and husky and filled with an unmistakable satisfaction. Yet, he didn’t sound at all remorseful.

When he didn’t make any move to tend to their crying baby Nadia shoved at his shoulders until he rolled away from her. She rose from the bed and pulled on her nightshirt. On trembling legs, she padded over to the side of the crib.

“What’s wrong, sweetie? Did Daddy wake you?”

Six-month-old Kennedy Ethan Colt stared up at her with his tear-clouded hazel eyes as he cried. His round face flushed and his howls exposed the single tooth that barely peeked through the bottom of his pink gums.

“Okay, honey. It’s okay. I’m here.”

Nadia picked him up and placed him on her shoulder, hoping the light back rubs would soon quiet him.

It didn’t.

After checking to see if he needed changing, Nadia went to the rocking chair Sean had put in the bedroom for her and fell into the cushioned seat. She nestled Kenny on her chest, at awe of the life she and the man she loved had created. Though their baby hadn’t been planned, she never considered him a mistake since she and Sean had already been engaged. With Kenny moving up their timetable, they had gotten married and started a family sooner than they intended.

And that was alright with her.

Nadia continued to slowly rock back and forth as he began to quiet, running her palm gently over his small body. She glanced over at the bed and found Sean asleep on his stomach, his dark, tousled head turned away from them. With a small sigh, she dropped her gaze back down to their resting son, willing the small twinge of annoyance away.

He was just as exhausted as she, if not more so, she reminded herself. She was now a stay at home mom, which had forced him to return back to working full-time at Double Down Security. That left him only a few hours in the evenings and during the weekends to work on his young web design and development company.

She hated that he had to put his dreams on hold for them, but they needed the health insurance and steady income. And she liked the idea of spending this time to raise their son—she just hadn’t realized just how much a lot of it entailed. There were no nights or weekends off for her. No vacation, holiday, or sick time off, either. And she missed that. But getting a day off or simply time for just herself was fanciful wishing—and selfish thinking.

If other mothers could do it, so could she. Besides, she loved spending time with her son. She only wished she wasn’t so tired all the time.

Or felt so alone.

She had been spoiled by having her mother with her for the first three months after she’d given birth. It may not have made things comfortable for Sean, but with him working so many hours, it had been nice to have the extra help. Eventually, her mother had to return to her life in Maryland, and Nadia didn’t realize just how much she would miss her—or how much work was in store for her.

You’ve got this.

That short reminder helped her remember she was her mother’s daughter—resilience, hard work, and tenacity were part of her Haitian roots. Besides, tomorrow was Thanksgiving, and her mother and stepfather would be spending it with them. With Sean’s brother and girlfriend joining them, their home will be filled with family and the thought made Nadia smile.

She glanced down at her now sleeping baby. She enjoyed watching the peace on his smooth, round face and when his small mouth stretched into a smile, she couldn’t help but smile. His strong resemblance to Sean was uncanny, even when he slept. She wondered what he dreamed about and what he thought of her as his mother. She knew she made a lot of mistakes as a first-time mother, but she could only hope he knew just how much she tried.

Despite her constant fatigue and the changes that had taken place in their lives, their son brought out a kind of overwhelming love in her that she had never felt for anyone else.

Nadia glanced over at Sean’s sleeping form again.

Well, maybe just one other person…



Sean shifted positions on the bed and was surprised to find the space next to him empty.

It took him only a second to locate his wife across the room, asleep in her rocking chair with their son also asleep on her chest.

A familiar warmth spread through him at the sight of them. They were the two most important people in his life. He had never imagined having a family of his own. Not because he hadn’t wanted one. It simply hadn’t been the kind of life he had envisioned for himself. Yet, barely a year and a half since he had met the sexiest, sweetest woman in Miami, he now found himself with a family of his own.

Sean pushed himself up and got out of bed. Pulling on his boxers, he made his way toward the sleeping pair. With careful ease, he lifted his son into his arms and carried him to his crib. He stared down at the small round form resting on his chest, and a small smile tugged at his lips. Six months and he still hadn’t gotten over the wonder of the life he and Nadia had created.

He carefully placed their son in his crib, relieved when Kenny didn’t stir. Though he loved having his son near, Sean hated that they were forced to cram into one bedroom. Kenny was only getting bigger and soon they would outgrow the space. Not to mention the awkward, noiseless sex they had to attempt whenever they wanted to make love.

But Kenny was his pride and joy—his life—and Sean had never imagined feeling this kind of fierce love and protectiveness for anyone in his life.

Except…

He turned to his still sleeping wife and went to her. She released a small sigh when he lifted her out of the rocking chair, and that small action sent a jolt of lust right through him. No surprise there. He always wanted her. Their lovemaking had gotten so few and far between that everything she did aroused him. Apparently, just her breathing was enough to turn him on.

Since that first moment he’d kissed her at that bar a year and a half ago, they had been hot and heavy for each other. Yet after Kenny, her sex drive had been out of sync with his. Though it was steadily coming back, they went from making love almost every day, sometimes twice a day, to quickies every other weekend. It seemed the older Kenny got, the more of her time and energy was spent on their son, leaving little time or energy for him. Working at Double Down Security while trying to keep his own business going didn’t help matters either.

When Sean reached the bed, he laid her down on the center and climbed in beside her. He couldn’t stop himself from running his palm over her hips and down her thighs. She released another soft sigh and Sean continued his slow caress down the length of her.

He cupped her lush ass and pulled her closer to him then proceeded to nuzzle her neck, hoping she would come awake. He was painfully erect and all he could think about was losing himself inside her.

But instead of coming fully awake as he had hoped by his tender caress and kisses, she murmured something in her sleep and cuddled closer into his arms. Sean blew out a frustrated breath and gathered her in his arms. She was clearly exhausted, and though it didn’t lessen his need any, he was content enough just to hold her.





Two





“He’s getting big, bro. What are you feeding this little guy?”

Sean smiled as Kenny latched onto his Uncle Sammy’s finger and didn’t let go. Kenny let out a loud giggle when Sammy continued to tug at his finger, and the sound put a smile on all their faces.

“There’s nothing wrong with him,” his father, Barry, countered. “He comes from a family of big men, that’s all.”

Sean didn’t miss the tension that invaded his younger brother’s shoulders. Though it was Sammy who had helped him connect with his biological father, Finbar “Barry” Kennedy, it was clear Sammy wasn’t as comfortable with the close relationship he had begun to develop with his actual father. Sean had hoped having their family all together for Thanksgiving would help bring them all closer together, and it did…to some extent.

The reminder that Sean and Sammy came from different fathers didn’t help the situation any, but Sean knew that bringing up their family’s ugly past hadn’t been Barry’s intention. He was just a proud father and grandfather—something Sean had never really experienced from his mother’s late husband.

“I’m pretty sure Nadia’s feeding him some of those delicious Haitian patties when I’m not looking,” Sean joked, hoping to bring back the lightheartedness.

“I heard that.”

Nadia came out of the kitchen, her dark eyes narrowed in his direction. Sean gave her a quick wink. When she took the seat beside him, he looped his arm around her waist and drew her close.

“My son just has a healthy appetite.”

“Just like his father.”

Nadia drove her elbow into his side and he grunted on a low chuckle.

“Behave,” she muttered low so only he could hear.

Sean leaned down and whispered into her ear, “Why don’t we go upstairs for a bit, while Kenny keeps them busy?”

She turned to him and said just as quietly, “So I can die from embarrassment when they realize what we went upstairs to do? No, thank you.”

“Or we could both die from a really good—”

“Sean.”

Her eyes darted toward their family and Sean couldn’t help himself. He pulled her in for a quick kiss that was barely enough to satisfy his hunger.

“It’s been a while since we’ve been able to take our time,” he murmured roughly against her lips.

She pulled away and cupped his cheek. “Believe me, I know. And I promise to make it up to you later. Let’s just get through dinner, okay?”

Sean sighed and gave her another quick kiss. “I’m holding you to that.”

He didn’t know when their marriage had become this—scheduling time to make love—but with work and a demanding six-month-old, this seemed to be their life now. His lips curved when he thought about those earlier times they couldn’t keep their hands off each other. It had resulted in having Kenny sooner than they planned, but Sean couldn’t regret any of it. He was married to the woman of his dreams and the father to an adorable son.

He had plenty to be thankful for, and this Thanksgiving, he would set aside his lust and be grateful for the life and family he never thought he’d have.

“Is the food almost ready, babe?”

“Almost. Probably another half hour.”

“You said that an hour ago.”

Nadia took his hand and gave it a hard squeeze. “Don’t rush my mother, Sean. She’s working hard in there.”

Sean grunted low when she didn’t ease her tight hold. He knew she was annoyed when he had agreed with her mother Suzette to have their Thanksgiving meal cooked at their home as opposed to going out to dinner. He hadn’t understood what the big deal was until he saw the amount of work involved in some of her specialty dishes. He loved his mother-in-law’s cooking, but he should have known Nadia would have been hard at work alongside her mother and he finally understood why Nadia hadn’t been thrilled with the idea of cooking. Even now fatigue was etched all across her beautiful brown face.

“Do you need help with anything?” he asked.

“Actually, yes, I do. Mindy traded places with me so I could set the table. Come help.”

Nadia rose to her feet and tugged him up with her. Sean followed her into the dining room, and they began to set the table for six. It was the same number as it had been last year with Sammy’s girlfriend Mindy spending Thanksgiving with them again. With her family still in India, Mindy spent a lot of the holidays with Sammy and their family.

Sean never expected Sammy to find himself in such a serious relationship, but it was obvious his younger brother was in love, and Sean was thrilled for him. And he used every moment he could to tease his brother mercilessly.

In record time, he and Nadia had their dinner table picture perfect ready. Sean brought over Kenny’s high chair while Nadia took several pictures with her phone.

“This looks so pretty,” she murmured. “I’m going to put these in Kenny’s baby book. His first Thanksgiving.”

“Don’t you want to wait for us to be around the table?”

“Oh, this is just the beginning.”

“Then I did good by insisting we have Thanksgiving at home.”

She scoffed. “Don’t push it, buddy. There’s a ton of dishes in the sink with your name on them.”

Sean shrugged. “That’s fine.” That’s what we have a dishwasher for.

His cell phone buzzed in his pocket, and he dug it out. He scanned through the notifications then deleted them.

“Was that her?”

“No,” he muttered, knowing exactly who she was referring to. “Just work stuff.”

“Are you at least going to call her today?”

He tensed. “Nadia…”

“Sean, I know I promised not to butt in, but she is your mother.”

“I know who, and what, she is to me. That’s why I chose to forgive her for the thirty years of lies she told me. That doesn’t mean I have to forget what she did or how she allowed her husband to treat me like shit or the way she blames me for making her life miserable.”

Sean clenched his jaw, trying not to let his anger over his bleak childhood ruin what should be a great day with the people he loved. He had thought he’d worked through his anger and resentment, yet every time he thought about what his mother had done, and how she had stolen away years of time between him and his real father, he was consumed with rage all over again.

Not only for himself, but for Barry as well.

Becoming a father had woken him up to the enormity of his mother’s lies. He couldn’t imagine not knowing his son or watching him grow. His mother had denied them both that and Sean couldn’t see how he could ever let her back into his life again.

Nadia came up to him and wrapped her arms around him. She held him like that for a while, not saying anything, until the anger and tension eased from his body.

“You have every right to be angry, Sean. But as a new mother, I realize how easy it is to make mistakes. I make a lot of them. All the time. I would hate for Kenny to hold my mistakes against me or cut me out of his life. It would crush me.”

“That would never happen,” Sean said, absently rubbed her lower back. “Bad baby food or a diaper rash here and there is a mistake. What my mother did was not, and that’s not the kind of person I want near me or our son.”

Nadia drew back and peered up at him searchingly. “She couldn’t have been all that bad. She managed to raise two great sons. One of them I love very much and only want to be happy.”

Sean ran a finger along her jaw. “I am happy, baby. Very much so.” He leaned down and brushed his lips across hers. “You know what would make me happier?”

“What?”

“Getting food on this pretty table.”



Getting through Thanksgiving hadn’t been as bad as Nadia expected. She had even managed to sleep in a bit later since Kenny managed to tire himself out entertaining their guests throughout the day. But Nadia should have known all good things must come to a close. With their long holiday weekend coming to an end, so did the luxury of sleep.

“Nadia? Wake up, babe.

Nadia blinked several times until her eyes came into focus and she found Sean standing over her, a crying Kenny in his arms.

“I think he’s hungry.”

It took a moment for his words to register, but when they did, she bolted up in bed.

“How long has he been crying?”

“For a while now. He doesn’t need changing so I figured he must be hungry.”

Nadia pushed her wild curls from her face and reached for her son. Sean carefully placed him in her arms, and she cuddled his little body close.

How did I manage to sleep through my own baby’s crying?

Sean was right about Kenny being hungry. The minute she unbuttoned the top of her shirt and placed their son into position, he latched onto her nipple. She winced at his eager suckling.

“Is he starting to bite?”

“No,” she said, wiping the tears from his round cheeks. “But my nipples are starting to get too tender. I may have to start weaning him.”

“I thought we were against formula.”

Nadia glanced up to see the frown on Sean’s face. “I mean we should try bottle feeding him again. If I start pumping my milk more than we can both take turns feeding him and you don’t have to wake me every time he needs something.”

She hadn’t meant to snap out those last words and from the look on Sean’s scruffy face, neither had he.

“Where the hell is this all coming from?”

“Language, Sean.”

His lips tightened, but he stole a quick glance down at their son. “You make it seem like I don’t help out with him and I don’t appreciate that. I do as much as I can when I’m here.”

Nadia sighed. He was right, of course. He worked seven days a week yet still found time to be there for their son. She had been the one who wanted to stay at home and raise their son. Without complaint, he had taken on a second job so she could do that. Her job was to be a wife and mother to their son, yet she felt as if she was doing a poor job at both.

“I’m sorry.” She reached out and took his hand in hers. “I’ve just got the morning grumps. Ignore me.”

He regarded her closely but didn’t say a word. Nadia returned her attention to their son who had stopped his suckling and had fallen into a lazy doze. She lifted him onto her shoulder and began lightly rubbing his back.

“Do you need to start getting ready for work?”

“I have time.”

Sean reached for Kenny and Nadia handed him over. With Kenny propped against his shoulder, he began pacing the bedroom and slapping his small back until Kenny released a loud belch.

“There you go, buddy.”

A smile tugged at her lips as she watched them. How could she ever feel resentment toward him when he was so good to her and their son?

“Will you be at work late again today?”

Sean laid Kenny back into the crib. “No, I don’t think so. Why?”

“No reason. I just don’t want to have dinner by myself if you’re going to be late again.”

His dark brows pulled together in another deep frown. “That last time wasn’t my fault. I didn’t know we were going to have a late night.”

Nadia frowned at his sharp response. Apparently, her sour attitude had rubbed off on him. But she sighed and let her own sharp retort fall from her lips.

“I wasn’t blaming you, Sean. I know that’s out of your control. I just wanted us to have dinner together for a change.” Nadia came up to her knees on the bed and beckoned him over. “Come here.”

He cocked a brow suspiciously, and she rolled her eyes in exasperation.

“Can you please come here?”

Sean walked toward the bed, a frown still furrowed on his brow. When he came closer, Nadia peeled off her night shirt and flung it aside then looped her arms around his neck.

“Now you’re going to make me late for work.”

Yet, that didn’t seem to bother him any as he gripped her ass and pressed his lips against her throat.

“We’ll be quick,” she murmured, tugging down his boxers. “But right now, I think we both need to relieve some stress.”

Sean grunted just as he began to slide his fingers between her soft folds. Capturing his lips for an all-consuming kiss, Nadia wrapped her hand tight around his rigid shaft and stroked along his hard length. With a soft groan, he drew her down on the bed and buried himself into her with a long, deep thrust that left them both breathless.





Three





Sean sat in the late Miami traffic, drumming his fingers along the steering wheel of his SUV. It’s been almost a year since he had returned to his old nine-to-five, and he had hoped by now he would have readjusted to the traffic and hassle of commuting to work.

He hadn’t.

He missed the days of spending his time and energy building his web development company, but until he could pick up more clients—and make enough to support his family—his dream of being his own boss again would have to wait.

Sean turned up the volume on his radio and absently moved his head to the rap music blaring from the speakers. The loud beats and fast rhythm usually helped clear his mind and put him in the mood for the design work he had waiting for him at his home office.

A sudden ringing interrupted the music, and he glanced at the radio display to see who the caller was.

Sammy.

He immediately answered the call, and his brother’s brisk tone filled the car speakers.

“Hey. You alone?”

“Yeah. Heading home now, but stuck in traffic.”

“So work, home, sleep. Then back up in the morning to do it all again. Hmm, I never thought I’d be the one to say this, but domesticity suits you.”

“Hanging up now…”

Sammy laughed. “I’m joking man. Lighten up.”

“What do you need, Sammy?”

“Nothing, just…” There was a brief pause before his brother blurted, “I’m going to ask Mindy to marry me.”

Sean jerked his head in surprise. For a moment, he was speechless. “Is she pregnant?”

Sammy released a nervous chuckle. “No. Unlike someone I know, most people like to wait until marriage before they start a family.”

“Good for them,” Sean said sardonically. “Nadia and I like to keep things spontaneous.”

He didn’t take offense to his brother’s teasing. Kenny may not have been planned, but he hadn’t been the reason he’d asked Nadia to marry him either. He had known that night on the Miami Beach Boardwalk that he wanted her to be his forever. Kenny had just been the nice surprise that came soon after their engagement, which usually left people guessing which of the two came first.

“Aren’t you moving to New York next month?”

“Yeah, and I’m going to ask her to move in with me.”

“You can afford to move and get married?”

“Yeah. With the money mom split with us after she sold the house, I have a very nice cushion and no money concerns. You could too, but I guess you’re still stubbornly holding on to your pride?”

“It’s not about pride,” Sean said evenly. “I don’t need her guilt money. I can provide for my family and we’re doing just fine without it.”

“What’s the harm in at least setting it aside for Kenny as a trust fund? It’s just sitting in the bank, you know. Waiting for you to put it to use.”

“If you’re so damn concerned about it, then you take it. With my blessings. It’s more yours than mine, anyway.”

Sammy fell silent before he said, “Just because Dad wasn’t really your dad doesn’t mean you shouldn’t take the inheritance mom is offering you. Hell, you could even take Nadia out on an expensive trip somewhere.”

“Does that mean you’re offering to babysit?”

“Ha! I would if I wasn’t allergic to changing diapers. But ask me again when my little nephew turns ten. Then I’m all on it. You never know…maybe Mindy and I might have a little hell-raiser of our own.”

“Wow, sounds like you’re serious about this. Are you sure this is what you want?”

“Yeah, I am. I love Mindy. I thought you liked her too.”

“I do,” Sean assured him. “I just don’t want you to rush into anything you might regret later.”

Sammy scoffed. “You knew Nadia for way less time before you asked her to marry you. Did you regret it?”

“Hell, no. But what Nadia and I have is different. Not everyone is so lucky.”

“You’re right about that. Not many can say they found the love of their life at a bar.”

“Shut the fuck—”

Sean instantly bit back his words and subconsciously glanced up at his rearview mirror. His gaze landed on the empty car seat behind him, and he shook his head at himself. Nadia was constantly getting on him to clean up his language around their son. Though Sean knew she had a point, it was proving harder than he expected to curb his tongue.

His brother, however, found it hilarious. “Say what, now? I don’t think I caught that last part, bro.”

This time, Sean didn’t bother curbing his language. His brother laughed again.

“Laugh now, little brother. Your time will come and, when it does, you better be damn certain you’re with the woman you want.”

“I am,” Sammy said. “I’ve already hinted at it to mom, and she’s thrilled about it.”

“I’m sure she is,” Sean muttered.

Sammy fell silent for a moment, and this time Sean could practically hear him choosing his words.

“You know, you’re breaking her heart, Sean,” Sammy eventually said.

Sean frowned, not expecting those words. “What? How?”

“She wants to see you and her new grandson. In person. She’s really bummed about Thanksgiving, Sean.”

A lumped formed in his throat and an emotion he didn’t recognize twisting his gut. He didn’t want to hurt his mother. A part of him still loved and cared about her. But it was that same part that knew the risks of letting her back in only to be hurt by her again. Keeping his distance was more about protecting himself and his family from disappointment than it was about hurting her feelings.

“Yo. You still there?”

Sean pulled himself out of his bleak, conflicting thoughts. “Yeah, I’m here. Just not sure what you want me to say to that. I’m sorry that she feels that way, but honestly, I don’t see us becoming one big happy family. Especially when we never were.”

“Just because we weren’t, doesn’t mean we can’t be. I see how you are with Nadia’s mom and your dad. I don’t see why we can’t be like that. I think you and mom just need a good long talk. Sit down and hear her side of things before you completely write her off.”

Leave it to his peacemaking brother to push and push until he caved. At least Nadia knew when to drop the subject.

“We’ll see,” Sean said noncommittally.

Sammy’s sigh was loud over the speaker. “Well, don’t think too long about it. I expect to have my brother and my mother at my wedding, and we’re going to be one big fucking happy family.”

Sean blinked at the vehemence in his voice before his brother ended the call and rap music once again filled the speakers.



It was a little after six when Sean finally made it home. He could hear Kenny wailing inside as he neared the front door and they were the most ear-splitting cries he had ever heard. Alarmed, Sean rushed inside only to find Nadia asleep on the sofa and Kenny in his playpen, his face red from his cries.

How could Nadia sleep through that? For a moment, panic gripped his chest, and he hurried to her side.

“Nadia!”

He shook her several times before she came awake with a start. “Sean?”

Relief instantly washed over him, before it was swiftly replaced with anger. “Why the hell haven’t you checked on Kenny? I could hear him crying from the parking lot!”

She sat up on the couch and pushed her hair from her eyes. Sean bit back a curse before he pushed away from her and went to Kenny, trying his best to calm and smooth him, but nothing seemed to work.

“How long have I been asleep?”

“I don’t know. I just got home, but how could you sleep right through him crying like this?”

Nadia jumped up to her feet, her face slightly flushed. “Oh, my God. I don’t know.” She continued to stare at them horrified then reached out for Kenny. “Give him to me.”

Sean ignored her as he continued to soothe their son. He kept his shrewd gaze on her, however. “Are you all right?”

“Yes, of course. I must have just been really tired. But I swear that’s never happened before. I’m usually up the second he starts.”

Sean started to suggest she make an appointment with the doctor until he suddenly got a whiff of something distinct and overpowering.

“What’s that smell?”

“He might need changing.”

“No…it smells like…”

Sean rushed to the kitchen, and Nadia followed close at his heels. He jerked open the stove door and a billow of smoke came rushing out.

“Oh no, I forgot!”

Sean handed Kenny to her and grabbed for the pot holders. Before he could tell her to take him back to the other room, away from the smoke, the fire alarm went off. He winced at the shrill noise.

It was instantly accompanied by Kenny’s loud wailing.

“Goddam it!”

“Sean.”

He gritted his teeth, the noise and smoke bringing on a pounding in his head.

“Would you get him the hell out of here, Nadia? Now.”

From the wounded look on her face, he instantly regretted his harsh tone. But with Kenny cradled close to her chest, she left without another word.

Sean went to temporarily disable the fire alarm. The shrill ringing stopped, but Kenny’s cries were still going strong. He returned to the stove and pulled out the burnt casserole and slammed the oven door shut. From what little he could make of it, he figured it was supposed to be lasagna.

Sean sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. He drew in a few deep breaths before he made his way back to the living room, where Nadia sat trying to quiet their son.

“I don’t know what’s wrong with him. He’s not hungry or wet.”

“Give him here.”

She handed Kenny to him, her gaze carefully averted. He couldn’t read her expression, but from the strained look on her face, it was clear she was stressed and upset.

The moment he had him in his arms, Kenny began to quiet.

“I guess he wanted you to hold him.”

Sean studied her, but she still avoided his gaze. “Nadia, what’s going on with you?”

“Nothing.”

“There’s obviously something. I shouldn’t have to come home to this. The whole point of you staying home was so that you could take care of Kenny.”

She closed her eyes and covered her face. He didn’t know if he had made her cry and he hoped to hell he hadn’t. Adding to her obvious stress wasn’t what he wanted to do, but how many more days would he have to come home to his son crying and the kitchen in smoke because she wanted a nap?

“Look, I’m not trying to say you shouldn’t take a break once in a while but—”

“Sean, stop.” She brought her hands to her temple, but her eyes remained close. “Please, just stop.”

He frowned down at her. “So we’re just going to ignore the fact that you slept right through our son bawling his eyes out and that you had the oven on for who knows how long?”

“I screwed up. I know that, and I’m sorry. So what more do you want me to say besides that I’m tired? I’m tired all the time.”

“Doing what? All you have to do is be a mother to our son.”

She clasped her hands in front of her and leveled him with a sharp glare. “You make that sound so easy. I’m with him night and day. My every waking moment is devoted to him, and it’s draining.”

“That’s what it means to be a parent, Nadia. There are no days off. I work practically eighty hours a week, so that you can be here for our son. When I’m home, I do what I can to help out, so don’t act like it falls all on your shoulders.”

“I’m not saying that, but when I’m not caring for him, I’m tending to you and your…needs? By the end of the day, there’s nothing left of me for me.”

Sean clenched his teeth, trying to reign in his anger. “It sounds like you need to learn to manage your time better,” he snapped, “because I wouldn’t call quickies every other weekend tending to my needs.”

She sat rigid on the sofa and let her gaze dropped to her hands. But he was beyond pissed and didn’t stop there.

“I don’t think I ask for much, just that you be a good mother to our son. Isn’t that why you keep all those damn schedules? If you can’t manage that then maybe you need a new system, because whatever you’re doing isn’t working.”

A tense silence followed before she said quietly, “You’re right. I’m clearly failing as a mother and a wife. But I just—” There was a sudden catch in her voice then suddenly, she folded into herself and broke down.

Sean was taken off guard by the sudden emotional storm. Witnessing the level of her despair was like a punch in the chest. The last thing he wanted was to fight with his wife and knowing that he had been the cause of her tears made him feel like a real piece of shit.

He went to Kenny’s playpen and placed him down inside. Luckily, their son hadn’t picked up on their negative energy and proceeded to nibble on his favorite stuffed bear.

Sean fell into the seat beside her and pulled her into his arms. She was rigid against him as she tried to compose herself, but he continued to hold her.

“I’m sorry, baby.” He kissed her hair. “I didn’t mean to sound like a jerk. Come on, stop crying.”

She sniffed and wiped her face with her sleeve. “It doesn’t matter what you meant. It’s basically true. I have no room to complain. You’re a great husband and dad. But me?” She shook her head, her voice once again thickening with tears. “What kind of mother sleeps through her baby crying? Then forgets to set the alarm on the stove? If you hadn’t gotten here, there’s no telling what could have happened.”

That had been the same gut wrenching thought he had wondered not too long ago. What if he hadn’t gotten here on time?

“Don’t think about that,” he said more to himself than to her. “You and Kenny are safe, and that’s what matters.”

She pulled away from him and stared at him earnestly. For the first time, he clearly saw the fatigue and strain on her face. Despite the puffiness under her glassy, red-rimmed eyes, her narrow face was drawn and sunken.

“How can I trust myself not to do that again?”

Sean placed his palm over her forehead. It was warm to the touch, but nothing alarming. Yet, something was wrong with her, and it worried him. “Tomorrow I want you to make an appointment with the doctor.”

She shook her head. “Sean, really. I don’t think it’s anything I need to see the doctor for.”

“Just let Dr. Weaver check you out. You don’t want to pass something to Kenny, do you?”

“Of course not.”

He kissed her brow, wanting to erase the wounded look on her face. “Good. Tell her what’s going on and hopefully they can get you in for her earliest appointment.”

With the holidays coming up, it may be hard to book anything, but Sean knew he wouldn’t be able to relax until she got an all clear from their family doctor.

“So, what do you feel like tonight? Pizza or Chinese?”

She groaned and rested her head on his shoulder. “You pick.”

“Pizza it is.”

“Okay.” She wrapped her arms around his waist. “Sorry about dinner. I know how much you like lasagna.”

He chuckled. He did. “It’s all right, babe. We’ll try your Cajun lasagna some other night.”





Four





“Nadia, he’s gotten so big.”

She laughed as her good friend and former co-worker Michelle Glover picked up Kenny with an exaggerated grunt. “Why does everyone keep saying that?”

“Because last time I was here he was like a little peanut in my arms. Now he’s a ripe melon.”

“Hey, don’t fat shame, my son,” she said with mock outrage. “Besides, his doctor says he’s healthy for his age so…”

“And he’s a little heartthrob too. Aren’t you, little guy?”

Nadia smiled as Kenny gave them his widest grin and began to kick and squeal excitedly. Michelle tickled his belly and sides, eliciting a series of loud giggles and more squeals.

The thought of Kenny’s last doctor’s visit reminded Nadia of her upcoming appointment next week. She was still embarrassed by the incident last night. She still couldn’t understand how she could allow something like that to happen.

Her only rationale was that she was low on sleep and maybe needed a vitamin boost. But to Sean’s point, she didn’t want to pass anything on to Kenny if it was something more serious. Her appointment couldn’t come fast enough.

“So how’s work been?” Nadia asked, wanting to think of anything other than her recent blunders. “What’s the latest drama?”

Michelle rolled her dark eyes and started in on some of the changes that had been put into place since she’d left her position as one of the first-grade teachers of their private school. Her friend wasn’t short on tales of the teacher that had been hired in her place either. Nadia winced and laughed at some of her dramatic retellings.

“That new teacher is a nightmare,” Michelle added. “But Mr. Hansen is so desperate for teachers, he’s not going to get rid of her. I feel bad for the little ones.”

“Well, tell her to give me a call if she needs any help. I left some of my old lesson plans behind, but I’m happy to walk her through any of it if she wants.”

“You’re too sweet, Nadia.”

She shrugged. Though she had enough to keep her busy, she hadn’t realized just how much she would miss her old teaching job until she was completely pulled out of it. Part of why she always became excited when Michelle stopped by to visit.

“Would I sound crazy if I said I missed going to work?”

Michelle arched a brow. “Um, yeah. If I was a stay at home mom, I would be taking long baths and watching soaps all day.”

Nadia snorted. “Don’t believe the hype. Finding time just to sleep would be a miracle, never mind baths and daytime TV.”

Michelle made a sympathetic sound. “That bad?”

Nadia looked down at her son who was attempting to stuff his foot in his mouth, and as usual, her heart warmed at the sight. “Being a mom is the greatest job in the world. But let’s just say, it’s harder than it looks.”

“Hmm, sounds like what you need is a mommy getaway.”

“A what?”

“Some time for yourself. Like a mini vacay someplace or a trip to a spa hotel where you can lock yourself in and order room services and just…Zen out.”

Nadia cocked a brow. “First, who would pay for this elaborate trip? And second, I can’t leave Sean and Kenny by themselves. Sean has to work, and Kenny is going through his separation anxiety phase. I wouldn’t feel comfortable leaving him alone with anyone else.”

Nor did she want to.

“You need to learn to cut the cord, Nadia. Besides, I’m sure Sean and Kenny would survive a weekend without you. Me and some of the girls are going on a weekend cruise at the end of the semester. You should come!”

As much as Nadia missed their monthly “Girls Night Out” and being able to go on spontaneous trips away with them, she had to remind herself that those days for her were over. She was a wife and mother now. What would she do with a group of single women when she had a husband and baby at home?

“That sounds like fun, girl, but my place is here with my family. Besides, what would I look like asking Sean to take money from our savings just so I can go on vacation?”

“Well, we got a good deal on it so let me know if you change your mind.”

Eventually, Michelle left, and Nadia instantly missed her. Or rather she missed just having another adult to talk with. The irony wasn’t lost on her that as a first-grade teacher, she had once spent the majority of her day talking with six-year-olds.

But now that Kenny was of age, she thought about those “mommy and me” classes she had learned about from her favorite mommy blogs. She vaguely wondered if there were any in her area that wouldn’t put a dent in their bank account.

After finishing up her chores and paying off some bills, Nadia began to browse some of the classes. There were art, gym, swimming, and even sign language.

“There’s so many to choose from, Kenny. What do you think?”

Nadia turned to her son as he began to babble from his safari-themed jumper.

“Tah-tah, ba bee ba.”

“So you want me to choose, huh? All right…”

In the end, she settled on a “mommy and me yoga” class for next weekend that was only half the cost thanks to their holiday promotion.

She smiled, excited about their first mommy and me class. “This should be fun, right?”

“Tah!”

She nodded. “Oh, yeah.”

She began to push away from Sean’s desk then stopped. She knew she shouldn’t bother, but she couldn’t help herself. Michelle had planted the seed, and she was curious to what she would find if she did a quick search on “mommy getaways.”

“A small peek won’t hurt, right Ken?”

But she didn’t get far into her search before her timer went off, and she realized it was snack time. She carried Kenny downstairs and settled him in his high chair with a few bites of honey nut cereal. She reheated a slice of leftover pizza—a late lunch for her.

But after just three bites, her stomach rolled violently and what she managed to swallow came rushing back up. Nadia barely made it to the kitchen sink before she literally lost her lunch.

She quickly rinsed off the sink and stared down at the drain, dumbfounded.

Oh, no.

Everything started to make sense now. Her constant fatigue, her moodiness, her sensitive nipples… And now this.

Once she managed to get her legs moving, she ran to the bathroom and searched through the cabinets until she found it—her last unused pregnancy test. She quickly checked the expiration date then ripped open the packaging.

In less than five minutes, she would be able to confirm what she already knew in her heart.

And the thought terrified her.



Nadia sat beside Sean on the sofa, their gaze both glued to the pregnancy test on the center table. He hadn’t said much since being presented with the unexpected news.

Actually, he hadn’t said anything. Not that she expected him to. He was obviously still coming to terms with the whole thing, whereas she had spent the last several hours alternating between panic, fear, disbelief, and then right back to panic.

The sense of joy she had experienced when she had found out about Kenny never came. It felt strange not going through that same excitement and immense love she had when she’d learned about the life she would be bringing into this world with the man she loved.

Instead, she felt suffocated and afraid.

“Are you sure that’s right?”

“Yes.” She stared at his still profile. “Had I been paying attention, I would have realized I missed my last period. But my doctor’s appointment is next week so we can confirm it then.”

Sean blew out a heavy breath and ran his hand through his hair, then turned and looked at her.

Nadia scanned his face. “You don’t look happy about this.”

He took her hand and his face lit up with excitement. “Of course, I am. I’m just a little shocked, but I’m thrilled.” He studied her closely. “Aren’t you?”

“I…” She blew out a heavy breath and her gaze dropped to his chest. “I’m scared, Sean. I can barely deal with one baby, how am I supposed to deal with two?” She tried to blink away the tears but more kept gathering.

And with her tears, poured out all of her fears.

“Kenny will barely be walking when this one comes. I can hardly keep up with him, much less go through the motions of another pregnancy. Kenny is already such a handful. What if this one turns out just like him, times three? And we don’t have the room for another baby. Not to mention more diapers, more clothes, more food. We’ll need another crib, a second car seat, a double stroller. We’re supposed to be happy, but honestly, I’m not. I’m not ready for another baby, Sean. We’re not ready.”

The delighted smile instantly fell from Sean’s face, and in that moment she felt like the most selfish, ungrateful person ever. With just a few words, she had stolen his joy and brought him down with her disparaging rant.

She was a horrible wife, and at that thought, she burst into tears.

Like a repeat from last night, Sean pulled her into his arms. “Come here, babe.”

He simply held her and let her cry it out, not trying to quiet her. When she found her composure, she lifted her head and quickly wiped her face. She had been an emotional basket case during her pregnancy with Kenny. Now she had another nine months to look forward to the same mood swings, the strange cravings, and the sudden bouts of morning sickness.

Nadia rested her head on his shoulder again. “Sorry,” she muttered. “It’s my hormones.”

He gently rubbed her back. “I know, babe.”

Of course, he did. He had been there through it all.

“I read on a blog that my breasts will be stretched down to my thighs by the time I’m done breastfeeding baby number two.”

“Do me a favor and give those mommy blogs a break. I think some of those moms get a kick out of freaking out the new moms.”

“But I’m not a new mother. Not really.”

“Exactly. You’re not new to this. We’ve made it through one pregnancy. We’ll get through this one. Everything will work itself out, you’ll see. So don’t stress it.”

She sighed. “I’ll try…”

Just then, Kenny began to cry. Nadia sighed again and started to rise, but Sean stopped her.

“I’ll get him.”

She turned to him, surprised, then nodded. “Okay, I’ll start on dinner.”

Before she could start toward the kitchen, Sean grabbed her hand and gave it a squeeze. “Everything’s going to be all right, babe. Trust me.”

Nadia returned his gentle squeeze. She didn’t know why, but those simple words of assurance managed to ease some of her fears.



Sean propped himself on the bed and stared down Nadia’s sleeping form.

The shock of learning about her pregnancy was still with him. They certainly weren’t prepared for another baby, yet it didn’t take away from his excitement. He felt the same rush of love and happiness he had when he’d learned about Kenny. He only wished Nadia felt the same way.

He couldn’t fault her for her worries and fears. He knew how much stress she was under just caring for their first son. It was plain for him to see in her eyes just how tired she was. And if that wasn’t apparent, the search for “mommy getaway” on his computer would have given her away.

He was sure she hadn’t purposely left that browser window open for him to see, but he had, and it made him unhappy to realize just how unhappy she was. Actually, it left him feeling a bit unsettled to think that not only was she upset about her pregnancy, she also wanted a break from them.

Low grunts of agitation came from the crib, and Sean quietly slipped out of bed. He made it to his son’s bedside just as the familiar stench reached him.

“You saved that one for me, didn’t you?”

He lifted his son and placed the changing blanket beneath him. Within minutes, he had Kenny cleaned and changed. Apparently, however, his son wanted a bit more attention.

Sean carried him to the rocking chair and settled into the wide, cushioned seat. He cradled Kenny in his arms as he thought through his next steps. He gave his brother’s suggestion some serious thought as he thought everything through.

He may not want his mother’s money—or anything to do with her for that matter—but he had a growing family to think about. Another baby would come with a new set of challenges and no matter how he felt about it, the additional income would help ease some of those challenges. At the very least, get them started on a new home.

Sean peered down at his son who was doing his best to fight off sleep. As much as he loved his son and would do anything for him, it was time Kenny got his own bedroom—at least one to share with his new brother or sister—because he would be damned if they squeezed a second crib into their bedroom.





Five





“Hmm, we haven’t done this in a while.”

“Feels good, doesn’t it?”

Nadia smiled and pulled open the menu. “Oh, yeah.”

“Well, I wanted to treat my favorite lady to lunch for a change,” Sean said, settling Kenny into the restaurant’s highchair.

They had just spent the morning at the doctor’s office, which confirmed that she was about four weeks along and by next summer they would be welcoming their second baby. Some of her earlier panic had dissipated, and she had Sean’s calm and positivity to thank for that. But she couldn’t completely erase the worry that crept into her when she thought about what this pregnancy would be like with another baby on her hip.

Their waitress brought by some water and a basket of bread then quickly took their lunch order. They had never been to Emilio’s before, but she was craving Italian, and it had been close. Though, she had to admit she didn’t particularly care about the service or food. She was just glad to be served for a change.

“How are you feeling?”

“Fine. I think the vitamins are helping.”

With Kenny, her “morning” sickness had been constant and unpredictable, especially during the first trimester. But so far, her body seemed to be holding down food quite well, and she could only hope it continued that way until their son or daughter came.

Secretly, she hoped it was another boy. As much as she wanted a daughter someday, having another boy would ease some of the burden of having two young children. At least that was what she’d read from many of the mommy bloggers who had Irish twins.

“So, have Sammy asked Mindy the big question yet?” Nadia asked, wanting to think about anything other than the horror stories she had read from those moms. Sean had asked her to stay off those blog sites, but the damage had already been done and she couldn’t unread what she had already read.

“No, not yet. I think he’s planning something special.”

Nadia smiled at that. “You mean like a scavenger hunt?”

Sean winced. “If he learned anything from me, he’d know not to do something so stupid.”

She bit back a laugh, not wanting to embarrass her husband by rehashing what he considered a blundered proposal. Nadia, however, treasured the memory of his romantic gesture. Or his attempt at one, anyway. She had never had a man ask her to marry him, so the thought that Sean had gone through the trouble of placing his marriage proposal in a bottle then hiding said bottle around the beach had been the sweetest thing anyone had ever done for her.

Though, she may not have felt that way at the time when they had spent hours searching under the sun—and the long stretch of seaweed covered sand—for his missing “keys.” But the headache and minor sunburn had paid off when she had finally located the decorative bottle—yards away from where he claimed to have left it. She had gotten to marry the man she loved and have yet one more memory to share with their kids someday.

Kenny began to bang on the table of the highchair, and she grabbed his hands.

“No, sweetie. That’s not nice.”

He grunted and tugged at his hands. She sensed a full-on tantrum coming and tore apart a piece of sourdough bread and handed it to him. Kenny studied it closely before he shoved it into his mouth and proceeded to nibble and drool on it.

“When do you think we should tell our folks about baby number two?”

“How about on Christmas? Everyone will be over, and we can tell them all at once.”

“Everyone?”

Sean sighed and sat back in his seat. “Not my mother, if that’s what you’re getting at. But I do plan on calling her soon. I think you and Sammy were right. We have a lot to talk through before I can just welcome her back into my life.”

“This is a good first step, babe. I’m proud of you.”

“Don’t pat me on the back just yet. Part of our conversation is going to include the inheritance she wanted to give me. I think I’m going to take it.”

Her eyes widened in surprise only because she remembered how adamant Sean had been against taking any of his late stepfather’s money. The man had made his life hell growing up, and though more money would only help ease some of their financial burdens, Nadia hadn’t wanted to influence his decision on such a sensitive matter. Accepting his family’s money was his decision to make.

“Well, I think if you do take it, you should use some of it to get yourself something fun. You deserve it.”

The corner of his lips kicked up. “I’m good. But I thought maybe you could go on a Mommy Getaway. Take some time off for just yourself.”

Nadia cocked her head in surprise then waved her hand dismissively. “I wasn’t trying to leave you subliminal messages if that’s what you think. Heck, I didn’t even know what they were until Michelle mentioned them.”

“Does it matter? You could obviously use one and I still think you should take one.”

“Are you serious?”

“Very. As long as it’s with a friend I know. I don’t want my wife traveling alone.”

Nadia could only stare at him. She had a destination in mind that included the open ocean and her girlfriends, but it all sounded too good to be truth. At least, not very practical.

“Who’s going to stay with Kenny?”

“I will. I have enough vacation time I can put in to start my holiday early.”

“By yourself?”

This time Sean chuckled. “Don’t look so surprised. I can handle our little guy on my own for a weekend. Besides, it’ll be good for us to get some quality time together. Just me and my boy.”

Nadia glanced from Sean to their hyperactive son. As if on cue, Kenny flung the soggy bread across the table. “Are you sure about this?”

“Yup. Kenny and I will be fine. I’m great with him.”

She scoffed. “Don’t get too cocky. You don’t know just how much of a handful your son really is. You might survive a night, but three whole days? I don’t know…”

Sean cocked his brow at her. “Is that a dare?”

Nadia sat back in her seat and folded her arms over her chest. “I believe it is, husband.”

A gleam flared in his bright green eyes. “Then it’s a dare, baby.”



On the morning of Nadia’s trip, it dawned on him that this would be the first time in their marriage they would spend so much time apart.

And he missed her already.

“Make room for me, babe,” Sean said as he stepped into the shower and shut the glass door behind him.

She wiped away the water on her face. “Sean, what are you doing?”

“Isn’t it obvious?” He pulled her wet body toward him, his hard shaft brushing against her damp skin. “I’m taking a shower with my wife.”

She flattened her palm on his chest. “I still have conditioner in my hair.”

“I can help with that…”

Sean ran his blunt fingers through her thick hair, slowly massaging her scalp as the spray of warm water washed away any remnants of her sweet smelling conditioner. His cock strained with need as he watched the warm water slide down her full breasts and roll off the peak of her dusky brown nipples.

She tilted her head back under the shower nozzle, leaving her long neck exposed. Sean leaned down and kissed the delicate spot just above her collarbone. He trailed his lips up the base of her slender neck and sucked at the tender spot until she gasped sweetly.

He smiled softly then drew back and began to lather his palm with soap. He gently ran his soapy hand over her plump breasts, down her belly, then moved around to her waist and back.

She clutched at his shoulders as he retraced his movements. She took a closer step and wrapped her arm around him, pressing her sleek, wet body along his.

“Kenny?”

“He’s fine,” he murmured, sliding his hands around her waist again and down the soft globes of her ass. “Hold on to me.”

Sean gripped her ass and lifted her high. She instantly wrapped her legs around him, pressing her soft lips on his neck and along his jaw before he captured her lips with his. Pressing her against the shower wall, he reached between their bodies and guided himself into her warm, wet body. He reveled in the way she moaned and whimpered whenever he entered her. It sent a bolt of pleasure right through him every time.

“Sean…”

Her fingernails scraped against his shoulders as he began to slowly pump inside her. He pushed deeper into her, a shudder ripped through him from the tight clenching of her slick channel. She threaded her fingers through the damp strands of his hair and tugged at his head until their lips found each other.

The sweet, intoxicating taste of her reminded him of their first kiss and how he hadn’t been able to get enough of her. But she was the best kind of addiction.

The rushing water from the shower head drowned out their sharp cries of pleasure as he continued to thrust heavily into her. Before he knew it, the fullness in his cock became unbearable. His orgasm was near, but he wanted them to crest the waves of desire together.

He dipped his head and pulled in a taut nipple into his mouth, thrusting into her quivering channel again and again. With a sharp cry, she came apart in his arms. It was only then that Sean let himself get swept under the same current. As they came crashing down together, he couldn’t seem to stop kissing and touching every part of her.

The next three days were going to be the longest of his life.



“I left his schedule on the fridge. Don’t forget you two have yoga this afternoon.”

Sean groaned. “You hear that, Kenny. Mommy signed us up for yoga. Fun, huh?”

“Bah!”

Nadia glanced down at Sean’s chest where Kenny hung and squirmed in his strap-on baby carrier. She ran her hand over his head affectionately.

“Sorry. I didn’t read the fine print. Since there’s no rescheduling, or refunds, you have to take my place so please don’t miss it. And be sure to check the labels on his bottle before you feed him. I marked them based on the days I pumped so—”

“Nadia. We’ve already gone through all this. We’ll be fine. I promise.”

A part of her knew that. Sean was after all a great father and very capable. Another part of her felt a little guilty over leaving her family for three days just so she could have time alone. But there was no turning back. She was already at the port waiting for Michelle so they could board the cruise ship together.

“Oh, I also put Michelle’s number in your phone in case you can’t reach me on my cell.”

“You need to relax, babe. Have fun, get some rest, and make sure you come back to us safe.” He touched her belly. “You and my daughter.”

Nadia smiled at that. “You think we’re having a girl?”

His eyes flashed brilliantly. “I hope so. Kenny could use a little sister.”

“Nadia.”

She turned to find Michelle waving wildly at her at the start of the boarding line.

“That’s my cue,” Nadia muttered. She leaned over and placed a light kiss on her baby’s cheeks. She brushed away the faint stain of her lip gloss that had transferred to his round cheek. “Be good for Daddy, sweetie.”

Kenny kicked his legs in acknowledgment and Nadia smiled. He had been relatively well-behaved this morning, and Nadia wondered if this Kenny would be around while she was away. It wasn’t fair, but then again, knowing their son wouldn’t be a handful helped ease some of her worries.

“Aren’t you forgetting someone?”

“Of course not.”

Nadia rose on her tip toes and slanted her lips across Sean’s. He cupped her cheek and pulled her into a kiss that felt as if he wanted to savor the very taste of her. She deepened the kiss, forgetting the many people around them and their son that began to squirm between them. The small action reminded her that she needed to get going if she wanted to make her ship—and not change her mind.

She pulled away and swiped the pad of her thumb across her lips. “You boys be good.”

“We will, won’t we buddy?” Sean smiled down at Kenny then returned his piercing green gaze on her. “And I want you to have fun, but not too much fun. You’ve got my baby in there. Don’t forget that.”

As Nadia made her way to the ship, she wondered if her morning sickness would be heightened from the motion of the cruise ship once it made it out to sea. She had never had that problem before and instantly shoved the thought aside. If anything, being surrounded by water and blue sky always helped her relax and clear her mind.

Turning back, she waved at her husband and baby. Sean waved back, and tears unexpectedly sprang into her eyes. She knew it was from her hormones again and turned away before she completely lost her composure.

She wouldn’t let her guilt for leaving them behind ruin her trip, because if there was one thing she knew for certain, it was that she had the greatest husband in the world. When she returned, she intended to come back a rested, clear-headed version of herself.





Six





The first day alone with Kenny started off with a breeze.

Sean followed the schedule Nadia had left behind. Everything was off to a great start and then yoga happened.

When Sean arrived at the “mommy and me yoga” class in sweatpants and an undershirt, he knew instantly it was going to be as uncomfortable and tedious as he imagined. To his surprise and chagrin, it was anything but dull.

Sean found a spot in the semi-circle that had been formed around the instructor and settled down on the thin mat.

“Welcome to mommy and me yoga,” the redheaded instructor began, glancing at him encouragingly. “There are a few new faces so I’ll introduce myself. My name’s Cat and this class is to help you get in-tuned to your body, your breasts, and to spend some time bonding with your baby.”

Sean couldn’t escape the hot, curious gazes of the five mothers in the room so chose to ignore them and pray that the hour went by quickly.

“Okay mothers…and father,” Cat said in a low, soothing tone. “Let’s begin by placing your baby on the mat in front of you.”

“Bah!”

All eyes snapped in their direction as Kenny disrupted the serene atmosphere in the room and began to babble loudly. The class was categorized for babies as young as four months and as old as twelve months, yet it was his six-month-old that was the most vocal.

How was that possible?

“Shush,” Sean murmured to his son, rubbing his belly. “We’ll talk later, buddy.”

Kenny giggled and attempted to turn on his stomach. Sean knew the minute he did, he would be off to explore so he held his son close to him on the mat until he quit his squirming.

They started on a deep breathing that he had to admit he found relaxing—until he made the mistake of shutting his eyes for a second.

His eyes flew open at the startled gasp, only to find Kenny had wandered from their mat and was attempting to climb over another baby and onto the astonished mother’s lap.

“Tah bee bah…”

Sean blew out a breath and threw the mother an apologetic look. “Sorry about that,” he said, dragging his son back onto their mat. “It’s his first time.”

From the way the woman rolled her eyes, she was clearly unimpressed with his apology.

Whatever, lady.

Yet, as they moved on from one technique to the next, the more vocal Kenny became in his irritation over the whole yoga thing.

You and me both, son.

By the time they moved on to poses, Sean was too busy keeping his son from climbing on everyone and everything. After a few failed attempts at getting his way, Kenny’s grunts and growls of disapproval turned into a full-on bawling session.

This time the exasperated glances turned into dirty looks. Sean quickly glanced around the room, sure his son’s screeching would get the other babies going.

But it didn’t happen. The other babies were perfectly quiet. It was a little eerie.

“Um, I think we should go…”

“Please don’t leave,” Cat said in that calm, soothing tone of hers. “Your baby is obviously very stressed and it’s not healthy. He needs to find his Zen.”

Sean cocked a brow, ignoring the glares still aimed in his direction. “Lady, he’s a baby. Crying is what they do.”

He quickly got to his feet, Kenny in his arms. He wanted to get as far from these Stepford moms and their Stepford babies as he could. On his way out of the door, he caught Cat’s next words and couldn’t help but roll his eyes.

“Embrace the noise, mothers. Let his cries be the yin to your baby’s yang.”

“Where did Mommy find this place?” Sean muttered as they headed to the car.

Besides that one hiccup in the schedule, Sean managed to get through the rest of the day without any more excitement. By nightfall, they had crossed off everything on the schedule and still had time for ice cream and a movie. Sean hadn’t realized he’d dozed off with Kenny curled on his chest until the vibration of his phone woke him.

He answered the video call and Nadia’s beautiful face filled the screen.

“You held out longer than I thought,” he whispered into the phone, not wanting to wake Kenny. “I thought you would have called and checked in sooner.”

She laughed. “Believe me, I wanted to, but Michelle took away my phone when I wouldn’t stop talking about how much I wanted to call you.”

“Well, you’ll be happy to learn that we didn’t burn the house down. As a matter of fact, today went beautifully. We managed to get through everything on your list.”

“Are you bragging?”

“Just a little.”

She narrowed her eyes at him, yet flashed a quick, teasing smile. “Show off.”

“Hey, I can’t help it if my boy gets me,” he said with a chuckle, hoping she wouldn’t ask about yoga. “It’s like we’re on the same wavelength.”

“Either it’s a guy thing or your son is determined to give me gray hairs before I’m thirty.”

“It’s a guy thing,” he teased. He couldn’t find the heart to mention the gray strand he had found in the back of her head that morning. She was already under enough stress.

After a few more minutes of chatting about her first day on the cruise ship, he could hear her friends calling out to her in the background.

“I’ve got to go, babe. But first, let me see him.”

Sean angled the phone down so that the camera phone captured their sleeping son.

“Oh, he looks so adorable! Kiss him goodnight for me.”

Sean brought the phone back up to his face. “What about my kiss?”

She blew a kiss at him. “That one’s for you. Goodnight, baby.”

“Goodnight. I love you.”

They ended the call, and Sean got up to put Kenny to bed. He barely had his son in the crib before his cell phone rang again. He stared down at the number, his grip tightening around the phone. He had planned to call her sometime this weekend, once he figured out what he would say. But then again, the sooner he got this over with, the sooner he could move on from it.

On the fifth ring, he answered the call.

“Hello, Mom.”

There was a short pause before she responded in a tone he didn’t recognize, “Sean. It’s so good to hear your voice. I didn’t expect you to answer.”

He wasn’t sure how to respond to that. Rubbing the back of his neck, he quietly left the bedroom so he wouldn’t disturb Kenny. Before he could find his next words, his mother broke the awkward silence.

“Sean, it’s time we had a talk. I know you’re still upset with me about what happened, but I’m your mother. You can’t keep ignoring me.”

There was that stern, no-nonsense tone he was familiar with. Her low, meek tone earlier was foreign to him because there was nothing docile about Diana Colt—except when it came to her late husband Shamus Colt. Sean had never understood why his mother hadn’t protected him when his stepfather had been especially tough on him. He wasn’t even sure if he wanted to understand.

“I’ve actually been meaning to give you a call,” Sean said after a while. “We do need to talk, but right now is not a good time.”

“Of course. How about tomorrow? I’m not far from Miami and would love to see you.”

Sean hesitated. Talking was one thing, but he hadn’t seen his mother in almost two years. He wasn’t sure if he was prepared for a full reunion.

“Sean, the kind of conversation we need to have can’t be done over the phone.” There was another pause before she added, “I also want to meet my grandson and my daughter-in-law. I’ve seen pictures, but I want to get to know them.”

Sean sighed and scrubbed his hand over his face. “All right. How about lunch on Sunday? Nadia’s away this weekend, but you can meet Kenny.”

“Yes, Sunday is perfect!”

They settled on a place and time and the excitement in his mother’s voice was unmistakable. Sean, however, was filled with a different kind of anticipation. He had bottled up a lot of resentment and questions and was eager to finally get them out.

He couldn’t say whether this reunion would bring them closer or drive them further apart, but he was ready to let go of his anger once and for all.



If someone had told Nadia there was a library on a cruise ship, she would have never believed them.

Yet on their first official day out at sea, a library was exactly what she had stumbled upon. It was quiet, empty, and filled with books—and made for the perfect hideaway.

Nadia browsed the shelves, looking for a good book to read. After searching through two tall shelves, she settled on a tome of a book for mothers and their newborn. She was certain she would encounter some of the same things she already learned from her favorite mommy blogs, but it never hurt to see if she would pick up something new.

Nadia brought her book to a little nook in the corner and settled down for a quiet read. She barely had the quiet space to herself for half an hour before a tall brunette entered the room.

“Oh,” the woman exclaimed, apparently just as surprised to see her. But she smiled a greeting and shut the door behind her. “I didn’t know anyone else knew about this special place.”

“I found it by accident,” Nadia said. “It’s probably the only place on this ship that’s quiet and empty.”

The brunette laughed and came to sit beside her. “Hiding from your family too?”

“No. My friends.”

She nodded understandingly. “Sometimes, a girl just needs some alone time.”

“Exactly.” With another polite smile, Nadia returned her attention to her book, hoping the woman would take the hint.

She didn’t.

“Are you expecting?”

Nadia glanced up from her book. The small library was too intimate not to at least attempt small talk, which apparently the woman felt compelled to do.

“I am.”

“Congratulations!”

“Thank you.”

“The first ones are always a challenge, but they make for good practice.”

Nadia was about to correct the woman, let her know that this wasn’t her first baby but caught herself. The woman was a stranger after all, and Nadia was more interested in hearing about her experience.

“How many children do you have?”

The woman gave her a wide smile. “Four. A talkative eight-year-old, a set of destructive six-year-old twins, and a two-year-old.”

Nadia was fascinated. How did this woman manage four young children and still look so relaxed? She stared down at the book on her lap then shut it.

“Four kids and you manage to look so…calm. How do you do it? What kind of schedule do you have them on?”

The woman chuckled. “Schedule? Honey, what have you been reading? The last thing I want is more work for myself, especially while we’re on vacation.”

Nadia’s cheeks warmed. Keeping a schedule was a habit she had carried over from her days as a grade school teacher and the activities she had on there were on par with what Kenny should be doing at his age. Besides, if the other mommies could do it, so could she.

“I read somewhere that keeping your kids on a specific schedule helps manage your stress and keep your baby active,” Nadia said. “If you don’t keep a schedule, then what’s your secret?”

“Oh, don’t get me wrong. I do keep a to-do list. But it’s flexible and changes every day. On a good day, I’m lucky if I get a third of the way through it.”

Nadia frowned at that, not understanding how that could possibly reduce anyone’s stress. She needed order and structure.

The woman gave her a sympathetic look and patted her arm. “I know, I must sound like a mother who doesn’t have her shit together. And most days, I don’t. I used to be the kind of mother that based my day around what other moms were doing or said I should be doing. Then one day, I realized I was driving me and my husband crazy.”

Nadia shared in the woman’s laughter, but inside she was cringing. Who this woman had just described was herself. Had she been driving Sean crazy? She certainly was driving herself nuts.

“Did things improve once you changed your methods? Did things get easier?”

“Heck, no!” Nadia grimaced, and the woman laughed again. “Sorry. I don’t mean to freak you out. I know the feeling of being a new mother. Just take it from me, motherhood is not a competition. After ten years of marriage and four kids, I’ve learned that no one is going to hand me a Mommy of the Year award. There are no awards, no pats on the back, and some days not, even a ‘thank you.’ You just have to do the best you can, and if your baby’s smiling, then you know you did your job.”

Nadia stared at the woman for a moment, processing all that she said. She didn’t know where this woman had come from and didn’t even know her name. But just in their short conversation, Nadia had gotten the kind of invaluable advice that she hadn’t read in any blog or book. At the end of the day, her priority shouldn’t be getting through a rigorous schedule—it should be making sure her babies were always happy and healthy.

Moved by an impulse that she couldn’t name, Nadia leaned over and gave the woman a hug.

“Oh,” she said, startled, but proceeded to pat her shoulders reassuringly.

Nadia pulled away, feeling lighter than she had in a while. “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.” Without warning, the woman tugged the book from her grasp and rose to her feet. “Now, let’s get you something a bit more exciting to read. Do you like romance?”





Seven





By late Sunday morning, Sean was more than a little convinced that his son was part human and part little monster.

“Oh, no you don’t.”

He managed to grab him right before Kenny could crawl toward the stairs. For the life of him, Sean couldn’t figure out how his son could crawl so far, so fast. He managed to get into everything, and whatever got in his way, ended up sticky or stained. And when Sean wasn’t chasing after Kenny, he was cleaning up after him.

“Is this why Mommy’s always doing laundry?” Sean asked as he held Kenny in one arm and poured detergent into the washing machine with the other.

“Gah bee ba…” Kenny gurgled, trying to climb over his shoulder.

Sean sighed and tightened his hold on his little body. When Kenny felt he wasn’t getting his way, that’s when the tantrums would start. Eventually, Sean found himself spending the bulk of his time feeding, cleaning, entertaining, and soothing his son that it left little time for himself, house chores, or following Nadia’s schedule.

By Sunday afternoon, his five o’clock shadow was now a full beard, the house was a mess, and he was happy to see that Kenny had eaten his baby food without getting most of it on his onesie. He just needed to survive one more day then Nadia would be home. Until today, he hadn’t realized just how much he relied on her to handle a lot of things around their home. If this was the Kenny she had to deal with on a daily basis, on top of everything else, he could see why she was constantly exhausted.

And Sean couldn’t wait to have her back home. After he conceded defeat, he would promise never to underestimate her role as a stay at home mom again. But before her return tomorrow, he needed to get their home in some semblance of order, which didn’t leave time for a lunch date.

With Kenny still propped in his arms, Sean pulled out his cell and dialed his mother’s number. She answered immediately.

“Hey, Mom. I’m a bit tied up today and can’t make to lunch today.”

“Oh.”

Sean winced at the disappointment he heard in her voice. “Let’s reschedule for next weekend.”

She fell silent for a heartbeat then suggested, “How about I bring lunch to you? I can find some place that has good lasagna for takeout.”

Sean frowned. He couldn’t remember the last time his mother had been to his place—if she had been at all. He quickly glanced around the living room and winced at the mess. The place had been spotless when Nadia had left. Now it was cluttered with toys, books, and a few dirty dishes. Nadia would kill him if she saw the place right now. She would make it especially painful if she knew he had let anyone see their home like this.

“That’s all right, Mom. I’m not really prepared for company, and we should probably talk when I don’t have a baby hanging on my arm.”

Literally, he thought as he glanced down at his son.

“Nonsense,” his mother said briskly. “I’ve waited long enough to see you and my grandson. I don’t want to wait another week. I have your address programmed in my phone. I’ll be there in half an hour.”

His mother ended the call, and Sean sprang into action. With Kenny secured in his playpen, Sean did the best he could to tidy up the place. Thirty minutes went by faster than he expected because before he knew it, a series of knocks came to the front door.

Sean started toward the door, and Kenny instantly began crying. Sean bit back a curse, doubled back, and went to grab his son. The minute he had him in his arms, the odor hit him and he wrinkled his nose.

“Oh, come on, Kenny. Again?”

His small body tensed as he released another grunt. It was followed by a soft sigh.

“Finished?”

“Bah…”

Sean took that as a hard ‘yes’ as he continued to the front door.

“Of course, you would need changing the minute we get company,” he muttered.

Kenny gurgled something then giggled. Sean shook his head as he straightened his stained onesie.

“Just be good for your old man, okay?”

Sean jerked open the door and stared down at his petite mother, her green eyes landing on Kenny and growing wide with delight. Looking at her now, Sean couldn’t believe nearly two years had passed since he had last seen her. Her dark blonde hair was cut shorter, and she had regained the weight she had lost during Shamus’s illness, making her more radiant and beautiful than usual.

“Oh, my Sean. Is this him?” Sean glanced over at his energetic son who stared at her with excited curiosity.

“Yeah. This is my son.”

She let out an excited laugh. “Well, don’t just stand there. Let me hold him.”

But she didn’t wait for him to hand him over. Instead, she shoved a large, greasy paper bag in his direction and reached for Kenny. Sean made the trade, then stepped back to let his mother inside.

“I couldn’t find a place in your area that made lasagna, so I got you burgers instead. I hope you don’t mind.”

“Nope. Burgers are fine. Thanks.” He kicked the door shut behind them, breathing in the delicious aroma coming from the bag. His stomach growled and he realized it had been a long time since breakfast.

His mother followed him into the living room, but otherwise ignored him as she coddled Kenny. His son relished the attention as much as his mother apparently enjoyed doling it out. It wasn’t until they sat down that she picked up on the smell.

“Sean, I think he needs a change.”

“Oh, right.” Sean got back up to his feet and he reached for Kenny. “Give me a sec to get him cleaned up.”

She followed him up. “No, let me do it. You eat. Just tell me where you keep everything.”

And just like that, she took over. And in true Diana Colt fashion, she did it with the heavy-handedness and briskness that Sean was accustomed to. By the time she finished changing Kenny, Sean had finished his first burger. He probably should have lent a hand—this was his mother’s first encounter with her grandson at after all—but he had to admit, he enjoyed the break.

“You’re much happier now that you’re clean, aren’t you sweetie?”

Sean glanced up as his mother made her way with Kenny, who now had on a clean onesie, bouncing happily in her arms. Sean was used to hearing a range of baby voices and weird, high pitch tones from adults whenever they spoke to his son. But hearing it come from his mother was a bit jarring. She was grace and authority packaged in a petite frame, and he wasn’t used to seeing this softer side of her.

She sat beside him on the couch, a fresh smelling Kenny perched on her knee. Sean tore his gaze away and stared down at his food, the tightness in his chest returning. It should have always been like this—his mother coming by on a Sunday afternoon to spend time with him and his family. But that wasn’t how things were between them, and he didn’t know how it could ever be.

Sean wiped his mouth with a napkin and tossed it on the table. He cleared his throat, deciding what his next words would be and choosing them carefully.

“Thanks for lunch, Mom.”

That’s a start.

“Anytime, dear.” Her attention, however, remained focused on Kenny. “So when will I get to meet your wife?”

“Honestly, I don’t know. It depends…”

She glanced over at him then. “Depends on what?”

“On how I feel after you leave here.”

She froze then focused her attention on him. “So you’re still going to punish me for something I did over thirty years ago?”

Anger flared up in him, but Sean kept his tone low and even. “What you did, Mom, wasn’t just something. You lied to my real father about me and then you kept that from me for thirty years. Tell me. If Shamus hadn’t needed that blood transfusion, would you have ever told me the truth?”

Her gaze slid away from his. “I don’t know…”

But they both knew the answer to that. If her husband had never been on his deathbed, Sean would have never learned the truth about Barry—not from his mother anyway. She had always cared more about her self-image, and apparently keeping her family together had been more important—no matter how toxic his relationship had been with his stepfather, Shamus.

“I think we both know that you would have never said a word,” Sean said quietly. “The fact that you can’t be honest with me about that is even more of a reason why I can’t have you in my life. I don’t hide anything from my wife, and as our family grows, I don’t want my past baggage to bring any anger or resentment into our home.”

His mother sat silently as Sean let all the angry words pour out of him.

“I’m still working on building a relationship with Barry, but there are times I find myself uncertain around him and unsure of where any of this will lead. It shouldn’t have to be this way. I shouldn’t have to be introduced to my father at thirty-years-old. And I damn sure shouldn’t have to second-guess myself whenever he’s around, but that’s what I do because the man you let me believe was my father never thought I was good enough.”

Sean hadn’t expected to say so much, but then again, he hadn’t realized just how much anger and resentment he still carried inside. He glanced down at his son, who appeared to be growing as agitated as he felt.

“A kid should get a chance to know who his father is,” Sean said evenly, his gaze fixed on his son. “And a father should be given the chance to know his kid. You robbed me and Barry of that.”

His mother swallowed hard, her lips pursed and her brows furrowed. Sean prepared himself for her usual defensiveness and excuses, yet to his surprise, she gave him none.

“You have every right to be angry, Sean. I made a lot of mistakes with you and Sammy, but with you…” She shrugged. “I guess it was just easier for me to ignore what was happening and how Shamus was treating you because the older you got, the more obvious it became that you weren’t his. He lashed out at you, but I believe he really wanted to hurt me for ruining our marriage.”

Sean stiffened, her words only adding to the pain he already felt. His mother had told him once that she wished she had gotten rid of him and for so long, he wondered why she hadn’t.

“Then why didn’t you let me go?” Sean asked quietly. “Why didn’t you just give me up? It would have been a hell of a lot better than staying where I wasn’t wanted.”

Her frown deepened. “Because you’re my son, Sean. I love you. I could never give you up.”

Sean clasped his hands in front of him keeping his expression blank. “That night after Shamus’s funeral, you said—”

“I know what I said,” she cut in. “And I’m not proud of it. But I didn’t mean any of that. I was just so angry at everyone and everything. I had just lost the man I loved, the man I hoped to grow old with, and I knew I had lost you the moment you learned the truth.”

He shook his head. “No. You lost me long before that, and we both know it.”

Her face grew pale and her eyes clouded with tears. Sean didn’t want to hurt his mother. He certainly didn’t want to make her cry. He just wanted…

He didn’t know what he wanted.

Sean stared down at his hands. “I never expected you to be perfect, Mom. I just wanted you to give a damn. About me.”

“Oh, Sean, I did. I do.” She reached over and took his hand. “I know I did a terrible job showing you how much I care, and I make no excuses for that. I just want to make it up to you now. The money I left you is just one of the ways I know how. And before you say anything, I’m not giving it to you because I want to buy my way back into your life. I’m leaving it to you because you have a family now and I want to do what I can to make things comfortable for you all.”

“Thank you,” he said stiffly. “It will help. But honestly, I don’t know how much it will change things between us.”

“All I ask is that we start fresh,” she said quietly. “You, Sammy, and this adorable little cutie pie are all that I have left. But if we can’t start over then I ask that you give me another chance to be a better mother to you…” She glanced down at Kenny who started to play with a button on her blouse. “And a grandmother to him.”

Sean swallowed the lump that now seemed to lodge in his throat. He could have just continued to let the distance between them grow—had actually been fully prepared to do just that. But he realized in that moment, he didn’t want to do that.

For all her flaws, and all her mistakes, she was the only mother he had.

Clearing his throat, he said quietly, “With the New Year coming, I think a fresh start sounds like a great start.”





Eight





“Sean, that was a big first step, I’m so proud of you.”

Nadia peered down at the screen of her phone, wishing she was by her husband’s side so she could kiss him and hold him. She knew it couldn’t be easy for him, but she had held out hope that he would find it in him to truly forgive his mother and welcome her back into his life.

Though Nadia had harbored some resentment toward the woman for all her lies and deception, motherhood had allowed her to empathize with the woman who clearly wanted a relationship with her son again. She may not agree with how Diana Colt had handled things with her son, but Nadia believed in her heart that the other woman thought she had done her best for him.

“I figured it was time we started a new chapter,” Sean said. “I invited her over for Christmas. I hope it doesn’t make things awkward.”

“Why would things be—” Nadia bit her lower lip. “Oh, right…”

Her mother and stepfather would also be in town for Christmas, and she couldn’t forget the messy history that her stepfather and Sean’s mother shared.

“I think we should talk to my parents soon,” Nadia suggested. “Let them know we’ve invited her. It’s been such a long time. I can’t imagine they would have an issue with her coming.”

“Apparently, they spoke briefly last year. Once my mom discovered I had found Barry, she had reached out to him.”

Nadia stared down at the phone, stunned. “What? Why didn’t he tell you this?”

Sean’s shoulders rolled forward in a heavy shrug. “Don’t know. I don’t even know what they talked about. Only that she had called to apologize and extend an olive branch. Obviously, my father didn’t take it.”

Nadia wasn’t surprised by that. Sean may not be able to see it, but he was very much like his father. Both in looks and in stubbornness.

“Well, maybe once he sees you’ve made amends, he’ll change his mind.”

“Maybe…”

Nadia hoped so. She would love nothing more than to have a big Christmas dinner where both their families could all be together. Then it suddenly hit her…

“Sean! I’m going to meet your mother!”

He chuckled. “You have nothing to worry about, babe. She’s going to love you because I love you.”

“Ha! Easier said than done. Now I’m starting to understand how you felt that first time you met my parents.”

He winced. “Yeah. Sucks, doesn’t it?”

“It does, but that’s okay. I have two weeks to figure out how to make a good impression.”

“Actually…”

She didn’t like that tone. “Oh, no. What is it?”

Sean rubbed his hand over his scruffy jaw. “She wants to meet you tomorrow. I may have mentioned picking you up from the port, and she volunteered to watch Kenny until we got back. I hope you don’t mind.”

“No, I don’t mind…” She had only been looking forward to holding and squeezing her baby the minute she got off the ship.

Although Nadia had enjoyed the cruise and had taken advantage of the three days to relax, she had missed her family fiercely and just wanted to hug and kiss them both.

“Are you sure Kenny won’t freak out without one of us there with him?”

“Nope. He’s actually been really good with her. Or my mom is really good with babies. Either way, they are great together.”

“That’s sweet…” She sighed. “I’ve really missed you guys, Sean.”

“Oh, baby. You have no idea what I plan to do to you when you get here.”

The low, dark promise in his voice made her thighs clench with desire. “Why don’t you give me a clue,” she teased.

He gave her one of his wide, sexy grins that made her want to jump his bones right then and there.

“First, I’m going to kiss you slow then run my tongue down your neck and between your beautiful breasts.”

Nadia giggled and began fanning herself playfully, but his words made her heart skip and brought a warm flush to her cheeks.

“Then I’m going to lick you all the way down to your clit and suck on you until you scream my name. And right before you come, I’m going to stick my finger in your pussy—”

“Sean!” Though Nadia was alone in her cabin, she couldn’t help but look around the room.

He chuckled. “Don’t worry. Kenny’s already asleep.”

“I hope so! We shouldn’t be talking like this in front of him.”

“That’s just the beginning, baby. I have some fun positions I want to try.”

She giggled again. “I can’t wait. Speaking of positions, how was the yoga class?”

He grimaced. “Um, we may or may not be banned from going there again, but I can explain.”

She groaned. “Sean…”

Footsteps and laughter came from outside her room, and Nadia blew out a breath. Soon her girlfriends would be there to whisk her off to a farewell cruise event for their last night here.

“I have to go, but we’ll talk about it later. Kiss Kenny goodnight for me.” She blew a kiss into the phone. “That one’s for you.”

“Thanks, babe. Have fun. Be safe. And don’t forget to save some of that energy for me tomorrow. You’re gonna need it.”



He wasn’t exaggerating.

The moment Nadia stepped off the ship and flew into Sean’s arms, they hadn’t been able to keep their hands off each other. They spent about ten minutes in the parking lot making out like teenagers before he drove them home.

Nadia had about fifteen minutes to squeeze Kenny to her and meet Sean’s mother before the lovely older woman made a completely unexpected offer.

“Why don’t I take Kenny to the park for a few hours?”

It must have been the way Sean was staring at her because before Nadia knew it, her new mother-in-law was pulling out of their driveway with a bubbly Kenny secured in the backseat. Before she knew it, she was whisked upstairs and naked in their bed.

Sean wrapped his hands around her ankles and jerked her forward. He spread her legs wide and came down between them.

“You don’t know how much I’ve missed you,” he said thickly.

Nadia looped her arms around him and drew him close. “I’ve missed you too.”

Sean proceeded to do everything he had promised to do and more. He made love to her with a fierce tenderness that ignited her body in a way it hadn’t in a long time. He demanded and she gave, unleashing all the pent-up desire that had built up after months of rushed, sporadic sex.

This time, their lovemaking was deep, indulgent, and loud.

“I miss those sounds,” Sean murmured as he pressed a warm kiss against her throat.

Nadia stroked his shoulders and back, her body still humming from the intensity of her orgasms. “What sounds?”

“The way you scream and growl right before you come. It’s sexy as hell.”

She laughed. “I don’t growl.”

“Yes, you do.” He kissed her shoulder then pulled her close into his arms. “And I love it. I want more of it.”

Nadia nestled closer to him and continued to brush her fingers along his chest. “I guess we’re going to have to get your mom to babysit for us more often.”

“I have a better idea. Why don’t we start looking for a bigger place?”

“Are you sure? With this second baby, can we afford a higher mortgage?”

“With the money from my mother and the projects I have coming up from some of my bigger clients, we’ll have enough for a down payment without having to dip into our savings.” He gave her a gentle squeeze. “I can take care of you and our babies, Nadia.”

“I know, babe.”

He had been taking care of her and Kenny the moment they had found out she was pregnant. He had put his own dreams on hold and had gone back to a job he didn’t really care for so that she could stay home with their son. With all that, he still found the time to be an attentive father and husband and see to it that they were happy and comfortable.

It was time she gave him that same care and attention.

“I have an even better idea… Why don’t you take your inheritance money and invest it into your company instead? Rent office space downtown, hire an assistant, and build your company the way you want.”

He pulled away and stared down at her, his eyes wide with surprise. “If I do that, we won’t be able to move for a while.”

“That’s okay. We can clean out your office and turn it into the boys’ bedroom. I’m sure you can find cheap office space to set up your workstation, and when you’re done for the day, you can come home to us and leave work behind.”

He regarded her closely. “You’re serious aren’t you?”

“Very.” She cupped his face. “I believe in you, Sean. I know you don’t like working in security and you have the brains and talent to take your company to the next level.”

He was silent for a moment, but there was an emotion in his eyes that told her this was exactly what he needed.

“God, I love you.”

He leaned down and kissed her deeply, showing her in that simple action just how much. He eventually pulled away and rested his palm on her lower belly.

“Boys, huh? You think we’re having another one?”

“I do.” She rested her hands over his.

“Hmm…something tells me it’s a girl.”

Nadia wrapped her arms around his neck. “Let’s make this interesting and wait until delivery to find out.”

“And what do I get if I win?”

She kissed his chin. “A healthy baby boy or girl, plus naming and bragging rights.”

“Deal.”

“But boy or girl, I really can’t wait to meet him.”

“Me too.” He kissed her again. “Now, before our first born gets back, why don’t we make the most of ten minutes.”

Nadia reached between their bodies and began to slowly guide him inside her. “You totally read my mind.”





Nine





“What are you doing, babe? You know you can’t have any of that.”

“A little bit of Kremas won’t hurt the baby.”

Sean took the glass from Nadia’s hand and cocked a brow. “Are you sure?” He took a healthy swallow of the drink Suzette had explained to him was sort of like Haitian eggnog and winced. “It’s pretty strong.”

Nadia wrinkled her nose then laughed. “It is, isn’t it? I think my mother got a little excited there with the rum.”

“Which is why you can’t have any.”

Sean took another swallow, letting the creamy, sweetly strong drink burn down his throat. It was exactly what he needed to get through this Christmas dinner, which Nadia’s mother had taken charge of. Though his mother had tried to offer her assistance, Suzette was adamant she had things covered.

Sean was certain his mother-in-law’s polite dismissal had a little more to do with the fact that her husband’s ex-lover—and her daughter’s new mother-in-law—would be spending Christmas with them and who could blame her. The whole affair felt strange, especially after an awkward reunion between his mother and father, who now sat stiffly in the living room.

Luckily, they had Kenny to splinter some of the tension between them.

“How are things going out there?”

Sean scoffed. “No one’s dead or dying, so better than I imagined.”

Nadia patted his arm. “Good. We just need to keep that going through dinner and the day should end in a very merry Christmas.”

“Maybe we should tell them about the baby, so everyone will have something to talk about while Sammy works up the nerve to ask Mindy the big question.”

Her eyes widened. “Wait. He still hasn’t asked her?”

“Nope. His great idea is to ask her in front of the family.”

“Oh.”

“Yeah. Oh.” Sean looked down at his empty glass, wishing for another drink. “I really hope this works out for him.”

“Hey, Sean. Got a sec?”

Sean turned to his brother who looked haggard with worry and tension. Nadia took the glass from his hand and excused herself.

“Don’t tell me you’re having second thoughts,” Sean said when they were alone.

Sammy blew out a breath and jammed his hands in his pocket. “No, but it just doesn’t feel right. I mean I thought it would be romantic to do it on Christmas day, but what was I thinking? There’s nothing romantic about Christmas in Miami. And what if she says no? That would be humiliating!”

Sean grabbed his brother’s shoulders and gave it a squeeze. “First of all, you’re over thinking this. Take it from someone who thought turning a proposal into a scavenger hunt was romantic. She’s not going to say no. She loves you. You just have to relax and do it when the time feels right.”

His brother swallowed then nodded. “You’re right. I’m overreacting. I’ll do it after dinner.”

Sean pounded his shoulder. “Good. Now let’s go get you a drink.”

After a tall glass of Suzette’s Kremas, Sammy was relaxed and all smiles. He sat on the couch beside his soon-to-be-fiancée, his arm tossed behind. Kenny was all giggles and smiles as he played with the mountain of toys he’d gotten for Christmas. More importantly, his parents were too busy showering him with attention to realize they were also laughing along with each other.

The room felt cheery and light and Sean realized now was the perfect time to share their other happy news.

He tracked down his wife and whispered into her ear, “It’s time.”

She turned and stared at him searchingly. “Now? Are you sure?”

“Oh, yeah.”

He took her hand and rounded up everyone into the living room, including Suzette who was still hard at work in the kitchen.

“I’m not very good at speeches, so I’ll make this quick.” Sean gave Nadia’s hand a quick squeeze as their family stared at them expectantly. “We have someone that’s going to be joining the family.”

“Sean! What are you doing?”

He frowned at his brother’s sudden outburst. “What are you talking about?”

“I told you I was going to ask her after dinner.”

“Ask me what, dear?”

Sammy glared in his direction. “Not you, Mom. Mindy.”

“This had nothing to do with you or Mindy,” Sean said with exasperation.

“Sammy, what is he talking about? What did you want to ask me?”

His brother turned to Mindy then rose to his feet. He pulled out a small black box from his pocket, and she gasped as he proceeded to drop down to one knee. Her large brown eyes widened, and she covered her mouth with her hands.

“Mindy Bahri, I’m crazy in love with you. You are the best thing that’s ever happened to me, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.” Sammy opened the box. “Will you marry me?”

Her head bobbed up and down vigorously before she managed to squeak out a “yes.” A series of congratulations and joyous applause followed as the newly engaged couple embraced.

There was an unexpected pressure in his hand and Sean looked down to find his wife grinning from ear to ear. Tears glistened in her eyes, but she quickly blinked them away. She probably didn’t even realize she was clutching at his hand, but Sean didn’t mind. He knew she was trying to stifle her happy tears and he loved her this way. Seeing her happy, filled him with unspeakable joy.

“I’m glad you’re mine.”

She glanced up at him, her face alight with pleasure. “I’m glad you’re mine too.” She leaned up and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. “Let me go congratulate my new sister-in-law.”

Nadia joined their mothers as they each crowded Mindy with hugs and kisses—and excited admiration over her engagement ring.

Sammy didn’t stand a chance among the gathered women and eventually broke free from them. As the women laughed and chatted excitedly, his father held a squirming Kenny on his lap and called out his congratulations.

“Thanks, Barry.”

Sean waited until Sammy made it to where he stood in front of the room before offering up his own.

“Congrats, bro. I told you she would say yes.”

“You did, but you weren’t setting me up there, were you?”

“Nope.”

Sammy chuckled. “I totally thought you were trying to put me out of my misery.”

“Hey, as long as it felt right…”

“It did. But what was all that talk about someone joining the family then?”

Sean turned to his brother, a slow grin tugging at the corner of his lips. “Nadia’s pregnant. We’re having another baby.”

His brother gaped at him then cursed low. “Damn, Sean. I totally stole your thunder. I’m sorry.”

“It’s cool. You and Mindy deserve this moment. And you and I get to chat during dinner about the really fun stuff, like dresses and invitations.”

“Don’t forget the flowers and cake.”

“Oh, yeah. Can’t forget those.”

Sammy caught his eye roll, and they both burst into laughter. As much as he loved his brother and adored Mindy, he could think of plenty other things he would much rather talk about.

“But seriously, congrats on the new baby,” Sammy said. “How far along is she?”

“About six weeks.”

“When are you two going to share the awesome news, now that I’ve totally Kanye-Swifted you?”

Sean smirked. “Maybe after dinner. I’ll let you finish having this moment.”

“Well, it is probably the best proposal of all time.”

He punched his brother’s arm even as they shared another laugh.

“Look at how happy Mom is,” Sammy muttered after a while. “I’m so glad you two got to work your shit out. For a second there, I thought I would have to call in an intervention.”

Sean glanced over to the women, and his gaze landed first on his wife then moved to his mother. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen her laugh and it brought a smile to his own lips. Apparently, Nadia wasn’t the only woman he enjoyed seeing happy.

His mother caught his eye and broke away from the group. She came to where they stood and pulled Sammy into a big hug.

“Congratulations, dear.”

“Thanks, Mom.”

She held him for a moment longer, then pulled away and surprised Sean with a tight hug. He returned her embrace.

“Congratulations to you too, honey.”

Sean pulled away from her in surprise then it suddenly dawned on him that she knew. “How’d you know?”

Her smile widened. “Mother’s intuition.” He cocked a brow. She chuckled. “Okay. I saw you take that drink out of Nadia’s hand. When is she due?”

“Late July.”

“I want to be there for it. If that’s okay.”

“Yes, of course.”

She looped her arms around his waist and leaned into his side. “Thank you, Sean.”

Sean frowned down at her. “You don’t have to thank me for that.”

“I’m not.” She stared out at their family, her green eyes sparkling with joy. “I’m thanking you for making us a family again.”





Epilogue





Seven months later…



“I think he wants to say ‘hi’.”

Sean carried Kenny over to the bed where Nadia lay propped with their newborn asleep on her chest. The sight always did something funny to his heart.

“Meet your new brother, Kenny.” Sean sat him on the bed and held him steady. “Can you say ‘Noah’?”

“Nonah…”

He chuckled. “That’s a start.” He glanced over at his wife. “How are you feeling, babe?”

Her eyelids hung low, but her face was radiant, and so was her smile. “Like a million bucks.”

“You look like a million bucks.”

“Liar.”

“You’re right. You look like a million and a half bucks.”

She laughed then rolled her eyes. “Yeah, right,” she muttered as she absently caressed Kenny’s head.

She may not believe him, but it was true. Despite the clear exhaustion in her eyes or the way her curls piled on top of her head in a messy bun, she was gorgeous. There was a soft glow on her face he found irresistible, and her sweet smile was contagious.

“When’s your mother coming back?”

“Later this afternoon. She’s going to take Kenny out so you can get some rest and I can run back to the office and wrap up a few things.”

Since Noah Samuel Colt had decided he would make an early debut, Sean had left a few big projects unfinished. But between him and his small team, he was confident they would be able to see them through without any delays. Then he would be able to take time off to be with Nadia and their boys.

“I spoke with your mom and my dad, and they’ll be down tomorrow morning,” Sean added. “Sammy and Mindy can’t come down until late next week.”

Nadia peered down at Noah. “You hear that, sweetie? You have a lot of people who can’t wait to meet you.”

She placed a kiss on the top of his head, and Kenny released a low grunt as he began to climb up Nadia’s lap.

“Mah bee…”

“I think someone’s a little jealous.” Sean grabbed him before he could get any farther and held him high in his arms. “You’re going to have to wait your turn, buddy. Noah gets to have mommy time right now.”

“Nonah mah ba bee!”

Sean and Nadia laughed. They had no clue what he was saying.

“That’s right, Kenny. Noah’s your baby brother and you’re going to have to look out for him when mommy and I aren’t around. You’re a big brother now, and you’re going to have to share and even give some things up to make him happy.”

“Nah!”

“Oh, yes. Take it from someone who’s a big brother to an awesome little brother. He’s going to be your greatest friend and your biggest champion. Don’t forget that, because there’ll be times you’re going to need him as much as he’s going to need you.”

Kenny babbled something incoherent. Sean nodded.

“Okay. Good talk.” He glanced over to find Nadia smiling at him, a strange look on her face. He cocked a brow. “What?”

“That was the cutest pep talk I’ve ever heard anyone give a one-year-old.”

“Too soon?”

Kenny began bouncing in his arms. “Dah bee nonah ba!”

Sean chuckled and planted a quick kiss on his son’s cheek. “Exactly. Daddy does know best.” He turned to Nadia and shot her a crooked grin. “See? My boy gets me.”



THE END





Sneak Peek





Enjoy an excerpt from HER SEDUCTIVE DARE, book #1 to Sean and Nadia’s romance.





Damn, she really was a beauty.

“Okay, since they didn’t say where or how long I had to kiss you, I was thinking we just get close enough to put our lips together. But nothing crazy. Then I’ll—”

Without warning, Sean looped his arm around her waist and pulled her to him, putting an end to her technical and complicated instructions. She had only enough time to gasp before he brought his lips down over hers.

He wasn’t prepared for the explosion to his senses just by the taste of her full lips. The faint, sweet taste of her cocktail still lingered on her lips, and he savored it. Drawing in her lower lip into his mouth, he gently sucked at her until a low moan burst out of her. Her fingers dug into his shoulders, and he involuntarily tightened his arms around her and pulled her close.

He brushed the tip of his tongue along her lower lip, urging her to open for him. When she did, he let the reins of his control slip just enough to show her just how much he wanted her without scaring her away. He thrust his tongue into her warm mouth, taking all that she offered and returning all the fiery need he typically kept caged inside him.

This was not what he had planned when he’d decided to go along with her scheme. But right now, none of that seemed to matter. She was the sweetest, softest thing he had held in his arms in a while, and what he wanted more than anything in that moment was to slake the burning desire ignited in him.

Suddenly, she pulled away from him, and he realized someone was tugging at her arm. With a low growl, Sean tightened his hold around her and pulled her back to him.

“Back off,” he barked, his voice rough with need.

It took him a second to realize he had just snapped at a woman. The woman’s eyes widened, then narrowed.

“Look, dude. You had your fun. Now you can let go of my friend.”

Nadia turned to her friend, her eyes glazed over and hooded. He didn’t know if it was the alcohol or that intoxicating kiss they had just shared, but all he knew was that he hadn’t gotten his fill.

“Michelle, why are you mad? We’re just kissing…”

Her friend sucked her teeth. “That was not kissing, Nadia. This guy’s practically having sex with your mouth!”

Nadia giggled. “No, he isn’t.” Then her voice dropped an octave, as if she didn’t want him to hear her. “He’s just a really great kisser.”

Sean couldn’t help the smile that tugged at the corner of his lips. Her friend, however, wasn’t amused. She glanced over at him, sizing him up, then returned her gaze to Nadia.

“Well, I’m glad you had fun, Nadia, but it’s time for us to leave.”

To his surprise, Nadia wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned in closer to him. “But I want to stay.”

Annoyance flashed across her friend’s face. “Well, I’m the DD tonight, so when I leave, you leave.”

“I’ll take her home,” Sean said coolly.

“In your dreams,” Michelle snapped. “I’m not letting my friend go home with some strange guy she met at a bar. You could be a rapist or serial killer or—”

“A nice, ordinary guy,” he said dryly.

Michelle rolled her eyes. “That’s what they all say.”

Sean reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet. “Here’s my ID if it makes you feel better.”

He watched as Michelle not only studied his driver’s license, but also took a picture with her phone for good measure. Under different circumstances, Sean would have never given so much of himself. He liked his privacy too damn much. But then again, he liked having Nadia in his arms even more.

“Michelle, I’ll be fine. You and the girls can go. If I get a bad vibe, I’ll call an Uber to take me home. Okay?”

Michelle’s narrow gaze darted from his to hers. “And you better call or text me when you get home.”

“I will,” Nadia promised.

When her friend finally left them alone, Sean turned back to Nadia. “Are your friends always this overprotective?”

She nodded. “Yup. Always.”

She continued to rub his shoulders lightly with her palms. His cock stiffened some more. God, he was getting blue balls just by her touching him.

“So why’d you decide to stay behind with me?”

She glanced down at his chin. “Because I like you, and…”

“And what?”

“We haven’t finished kissing yet…”

A sharp possessiveness suddenly overcame him at her simple words. Tonight had not gone as he had expected, but somehow this temptress had found her way to him, making him forget about all the bullshit and lies he had been surrounded by all his life. And she was a much-needed distraction.

Sean threw a few bills on the counter then took Nadia’s hand and started toward the front of the bistro.

“Where are we going?”

“I’m taking you home.”

“Why?”

This time, he smiled widely at the disappointment he heard in her voice. “To pick up where we left off.” ♥

Download HER SEDUCTIVE DARE and continue the story!





Thanks for reading!





Rate or review the book at your purchasing site or favorite review site. Honest reviews are always helpful!



Recommend the book to your family, friends, reader groups, or book clubs.



Share the book with other readers by spreading the word on your favorite social media site.



Thank you!





Lena Hart’s Complete Book List



Brides of Cedar Bend series

Something Old



Queen Quartette series

His Flower Queen

His Bedpost Queen

Queen of His Heart

His Diamond Queen



City of Sin spin-off series

B is for Bedpost

The Devil’s Bedpost



Because of Love… series

First Love (prequel)

Because You Love Me

Because You Are Mine

Because This Is Forever



Historical Romances

A Sweet Surrender

The Brightest Day

Daughters of a Nation



Standalones

My Silent New York Night





About the Author





Lena Hart is a Florida native currently living in the Harlem edge of New York City. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual to steamy contemporary, suspense, and historical romances. When Lena is not busy writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about her upcoming works, join her Reader Group.





Connect with her on…

@lenahartwrites

LenaHartBooks

www.LenaHartSite.com

lena@lenahartsite.com





