The Billionaire’s Secret





Nana Malone





Contents




Chapter 1



Chapter 2



Chapter 3



Chapter 4



Chapter 5



Chapter 6



Chapter 7



Chapter 8



Chapter 9



Chapter 10



Chapter 11



Chapter 12



Chapter 13



Chapter 14



Chapter 15



Chapter 16



Chapter 17



Chapter 18



Chapter 19



Chapter 20



Chapter 21



Chapter 22



Chapter 23



Chapter 24



Chapter 25



Chapter 26



Chapter 27



Chapter 28



Epilogue



Sneak Peak of CHEEKY ROYAL





Nana Malone Reading List



About Nana Malone





1





Zia…





Derrick? Theo?

Whoever he was had bruises and contusions around his neck and collarbone. Had he been beaten? Jesus Christ. I glanced out on the water. It was pitch black except for a sliver of moonlight beaming on the water. I couldn't see anything. Where had he come from? Where had he been? What game were he and Theo playing?

That was the true question.

As we pulled him from the beach, Tamsin looked not at all thrilled. I didn't have time to argue with her though, because Jax and Trace had shown up for backup. They took one look at the figure we were dragging and one look at Theo, and Jax muttered a string of curses under his breath that sounded like unintelligible English. Trace just kept to, “Fuck. Fuck me. Fuck this. What the fuck?” Jax was far more inventive.

We loaded Derrick and Theo into the van, and Tamsin was nearly silent as she peeled out of that parking lot like her hair was on fire. Trace rode with us and watched our rear while Jax tailed us in the follow car.

I glanced in the rearview mirror. I knew my life was never going to be the same. The man I was falling for didn't exist. He was an impostor. And once again, I'd been betrayed by my own foolish heart.





2





Zia…





Liar.

Conman.

Duplicitous fuck.

As I leaned against the wall of the makeshift medical room we’d set up in the penthouse, I thought about the two versions of the man I had started to fall for.

Two versions of one of the richest men in the world. One of them was a billionaire, Derrick Arlington. And the other was someone I didn’t know.

And currently, one of them was bleeding all over what looked like a massage table.

I’d fallen in love with a mirage. None of what I’d felt had been real.

As the doctor Royal Elite had on call worked to patch up Derrick, I watched them both. The resemblance was beyond uncanny. They were freaking identical.

No. You can tell them apart.

At the moment, I could. But without the scruff and long hair, would I be able to?

I forced myself to take a closer look. To focus on what was different, what stood out.

For starters, Theo, or whoever the hell he was, had broken his nose. There was a slight bump in the ridge. It was barely noticeable, but it distinguished them. That and the eyes, that stormy gray, surrounded by thick lashes. They were the same shape and color, but Arlington's were a little closer together. Or maybe a little wider. It was hard to tell now as he had a cut above one and it was nearly swollen shut.

Heightwise, they looked about the same, but I couldn’t be sure. They weighed about the same. And I only knew that because I’d helped drag Arlington off the beach with Theo, who had mumbled some bullshit about me not finding out that way. And sorry, sorry blah blah blah. If I was being honest, the shock had rendered me deaf and dumb right then.

But once the crisis was over, my voice was back, and I had a shit ton to say. Starting with Liar. Conman. Duplicitous fuck.

It didn’t matter what form of explanation came out of his mouth. As far as I was concerned, he was full of shit.

On the beach, I'd been so numb I couldn't even think. All I could do was help him drag the body to the car. Tamsin had done a double take but hadn't asked a single question. But that was Tamsin. She had this ability to focus on the task at hand and pack away the emotions until later.

All the way back to the penthouse, Arlington had insisted that we call for a doctor instead of going to the hospital or Royal Elite.

Theo, or whoever the fuck he was, had argued with that plan and insisted on the hospital. I’d failed at my job then. Instead of focusing on protecting Theo… or Derrick… or whoever I was supposed to be protecting, I’d been too wrapped up in my emotions or lack thereof. Just completely unable to process anything. Thankfully, Tamsin had been there to make the final call.

While she had done the job she’d been assigned, my ever-helpful brain had been wallowing in the spiral of lies and confusion. The prominent emotion being a sense of betrayal.

He was just like Garrett. I had spent all this time with someone I didn't even know, all along knowing something was wrong and ignoring that feeling. Jesus Christ, was any of what I felt even real?

From what I’d been able to cobble together so far, Derrick knew about Theo standing in for him. Was it some kind of job? It wasn’t unheard of for prominent people to employ doubles, but their resemblance was uncanny.

There were too many questions.

If this was all a job for Theo, how could the job be to pretend to fall in love? It didn't make any sense.

And why not tell me the truth? I was hired to guard him. Was this what he was hiding all along?

Do you really expect a bigger secret than this?

I shook my head, trying to clear it. I wouldn't get any answers immediately. Not with Theo staring down at Arlington like he was equal parts messiah and demon. Not with Arlington biting out moans and groans and generally looking like he was on the verge of dying.

At one point as the doctor stitched up the cut over his eye, Derrick trained the good one on me. "Who is she?"

I blinked in surprise as Theo's gaze snapped at me and back to Arlington. His lips pressed into a firm line. “Not important right now.”

Not important? The hell I wasn’t. I stepped forward. "Mr. Arlington, my name is Lady Zia Barnes. I'm a King's Knight. Your cousin, King Sebastian, assigned me to protect whoever the hell your imposter is."

Arlington groaned as the doctor gently forced his head back to resume stitching. "I seem to recall specifically telling you to stay away from the royal family."

Theo's words were quiet but clearly annoyed, and they held a hint of a growl. "Well, I also seem to recall you telling me this was an easy gig. Thirty days and no one would be the wiser. But left and right, people tried to kidnap or kill me, so I think our rules of engagement are moot at this point."

My gut curled into a tight ball of nerves and resentment and disgust. I'd known something was off. I had felt it. But I’d ignored it. Again. All because a beautiful man had said he wanted to take care of me. What the hell was wrong with me?

You’re easily duped.

But there was another, smaller part of me that called out, Cut yourself some slack. He looked exactly like the real thing.

I ignored both of them. I knew to follow my instincts, but I hadn't because I was desperate for love.

"Regardless of whatever arrangement you have, the royal family is involved. You need to explain what the hell is going on. If not to me, then certainly to my boss, Ariel." I couldn’t bear to look at Theo as I pushed away from the wall.

Arlington tried to raise his head again. "Where are you going? I was enjoying the view."

I stilled and slid my gaze over to him. "You're bleeding. You have a head wound. You’ve got lacerations all over your body, and you're taking the time to flirt with me?"

He gave me a sloppy grin. "Absolutely. I’ve got to get it where I can."

Now that was what I’d heard about Derrick Arlington. That he was brash, rude, and a total dick.

And it jived.

Then it occurred to me that while Theo had been difficult at times, he was never like that. There might have been yelling, but it was more around wanting to do the job for the company and not about just being a dick for shits and giggles.

I'd been wrong about that. But then I’d been wrong about a lot of things. Maybe if I had known Arlington before, there's no way I would have assumed that Theo was Arlington. No wonder everyone thought he’d had a personality transplant.

As I stalked out of the room, Theo followed me. "Zia, wait."

I whipped around. "You don't get to call my name. You don't get to follow me. You don't get to do anything."

Despite my obvious rage, he still reached for me. "I couldn't tell you. I was contractually obligated to not say a word."

I put a hand up to warn him off, because if he touched me, I wasn’t sure I’d be strong enough to push him away. "Stop. You slept with me. Was that part of the job?"

His gaze searched mine. "I slept with you because I was fucking falling for you."

"Yeah, sure you were."

His brows dropped down, and he shook his head. "I know you're pissed, and you have every right to be. This is why I didn't want you near me. This is why I didn't want a bodyguard."

I frowned at that because he was right. He had tried. He’d told me he didn't want me near. At the wedding, he’d tried to make me go away. The only reason he had taken on a bodyguard was because Sebastian had forced him. What was that Arlington had said in there? 'I told you to stay away from the royal family.'

Literally, a whole fucking mess.

"I don't—I can’t—trust you."

He took another step toward me, and I deliberately took one back. "Zia, I'm not him. I'm not. And this lie, I know it's bad. I get that. I didn't want to do this to you."

Despite my fury, I could still feel myself being pulled into his orbit. I fought to shake it off, but I was going to lose that battle eventually. "Tell me one thing."

His voice was soft when he said, "Anything."

"What's your real fucking name?"

His jaw snapped shut.

I narrowed my gaze at him, daring him to feed me more bullshit. "Yeah, that's what I thought."

As I rounded the corner, I stopped short. Elena was there carrying a tray with some mugs of what looked like tea. "Oh, Jesus Christ, Elena."

"Zia. I knew you weren't any random run-of-the-mill girlfriend. You didn't make demands."

I flushed. "I'm sorry about all of this."

She nodded. "I understand. I'm not angry about the deception. I think our conversations were still genuine regardless."

I nodded slowly. "They were. I just—"

Her gaze flickered behind me toward where Theo and Derrick were. "Maybe our Theo was caught in the same kind of bind?"

I vehemently shook my head. The tears threatened, but I battled them back. I had to stop myself, goddamn it.

"It's not the same. I didn't deliberately set out to hurt you."

She shrugged. "You know, I'm pretty sure Theo didn't deliberately set out to hurt you either. The boy just fell in love."

As she moved past me, I frowned. "Theo… You knew he wasn't Arlington?"

She chuckled and smiled at me. "Oh, I knew. I knew exactly who he was from the moment they made their switch. They'd been testing out a switch for about a week. And then it was all Theo all the time."

"Who is Theo?"

"With that kind of resemblance between them, I have my suspicions, but I don't actually know who he is. I don't have any proof. All I know is that he was the kind of son I would have raised."

"You're not angry?"

She shook her head. "I love Derrick. He might as well be my child. But there has always been something about him that... well, I know the boy I raised. I knew Theo wasn't him. That man was nothing but compassion and love from the moment he switched places. I told you he’d had a personality transplant. Derrick can be difficult a lot of times. Besides, how could I not know? The man cooked for me."

As I watched her, I knew she had a point. But that didn't matter because this whole tangled web of deceit and lies had to be unraveled. And to do that, I'd need a little help. I pulled out my phone and made the call. Ariel answered in one ring. "What the hell is going on?"

I sighed. "Body doubles. A kidnapped billionaire. It's a whole thing. I need you here."

Ariel cursed under her breath. "I'm on my way."

At the countertop, I stopped, gripped the edge, and inhaled deeply. I heard footsteps behind me, and the tension rolled back into my shoulders, pinching that nerve between my shoulder blades.

"Jesus Christ, Theo, I cannot do this right now."

"I'm sorry you can't do this, but we're going to."

Not Theo… Tamsin. I turned to find her leaning against the doorway. "Tams, I’m sorry. I thought you were Theo, and I just... I can't talk to him right now."

Tamsin nodded slowly. "Yeah, I get that. How about me? Can you talk to me?"

I lifted my brows. "Yeah, of course. Thanks for helping me tonight."

"Oh, you call that help?"

My brows dropped. "What do you mean?"

"Honey, you needed my help, so sure, I came running. But for the love of Christ, you went running into an unknown scenario and left me holding my dick in my hand."

I frowned. "I can't believe you're mad about this."

"Can't you? You're my best friend, and tonight, my partner. You cannot do that."

“What did you want me to do? He was in trouble."

"I don't know, Zia, maybe wait for backup? You didn't know what you were walking into."

"I could see him. He was right on the beach."

"Yeah, that's the thing, Zia. You didn’t stop to think about what or who else could have been on that beach. Sure, Theo was leaning over a body. What if someone intended to make him the next body? What if there’d been a sniper in position? You never considered all the things that could have happened."

My stomach roiled. She had a point. But still, it's not like I could have walked away.

"Tamsin, I'm sorry, okay? It won't happen again."

Tamsin shook her head. "No, that’s not good enough. Look, I get that you're in love, okay? Great. I'm happy for you. Me, of all people. I am thrilled for you. I want you to be happy. I also want you to not be dead."

"You're seriously giving me a lecture right now?"

She folded her arms. "Well, someone needs to. Love or no love, you don't take off and leave your partner behind. You know the rules. We assess before we go in. That's how Ariel trained us."

"Well, there wasn't time, okay?"

"No, not okay. Zia, you have to understand. Because what you did, it was classic Deedee."

My head jerked back as if she'd physically slapped me. "What?"

"Yeah, you heard me. Diving in without so much as a thought and expecting someone else to be there to pick up the slack. God forbid there was something dangerous going on. And look, I will always have your back. Always and forever. I don't care. But you don't do that to your partners. You don't do that to your friends. I had to stand there and watch you go after him. And I get it, we're in charge of protecting him. But goddamn it, act like you have people who care about you. You can't go rushing in like that."

A wash of shame flooded my veins. "I'm sorry, I didn't think. I just knew that he needed me."

"Yeah, well, I need you too. So does Deedee. You just took too much of a risk and you can't keep doing that. Not for him. Not for anyone."

"I hear you."

She expelled a breath. "Look, I'm glad it turned out okay. And I'm even gladder we found Arlington, or whoever. But you are the one I worry about, okay?"

I nodded. "Yeah, I hear you. And you're right. That was dumb. I should never have gone running in like that."

"You're in love with him?"

I nodded slowly. "Well, at least I was in love with whoever the hell I thought he was. I have no idea now."

"There are two of them."

"Yeah, I know. Crazy, right?"

"Seriously? What the fuck are we going to do?"

"Not a clue. Right now, Ariel is on her way. I'll deal with the issue in front of me and try to sort out the rest of it later."

"Are you two going to be..." her voice trailed.

I shrugged. " I don't know. Right now, I can't even feel any pain. I'm just empty. Completely, totally empty. I feel like an idiot for being lied to. I feel like I did this to myself. All of it. I feel like I'm done."

For a long moment, she studied me. And then she strode over and wrapped her arms around me, squeezing me tight. "We'll figure it out, okay? Together. No more running off on your own. You scared me."

I squeezed back. "I'm sorry. I can't do my job if I'm not thinking."

I could feel her head moving up and down against the side of my face. "You do something bullshit like that again, and I'll kill you myself."

"Yeah, I hear you."

"I'm not kidding. Not even a little."

"Okay."

She backed away, blinking rapidly. "Well, that's enough of that mushy shit. Now, what the hell are you going to do with two billionaires?"

"Correction, one billionaire and one person I have no idea who he is."

"If you love him, maybe you hear him out?"

I shook my head. "Like you've already pointed out to me, love clouds the brain. I made a huge mistake tonight because of love. A couple of mistakes. We had no business being at my old apartment. It wasn't secure enough. He walked right out of an exit we didn't have covered. And he could have died tonight. And then you saw what happened on the beach. Me loving him is not the brightest idea I've ever had. So maybe it's time to pull back."

"That’s not what I'm saying babes. I just want you to be more careful."

"Oh, trust me. I hear you. And you're right. You are absolutely right. I need to be more careful. I really can't trust myself. Theo might have all kinds of things to tell me, but it would be better if I stay the hell away from him. Even if I wanted to listen. Even if I wanted to believe him. It would be better for everyone if I kept my distance. Especially for me."





3





Theo…





I'd lost her.

I knew it the moment I saw her on the beach. Our gazes had locked, and instantaneously, I could feel our connection slipping through my fingers.

The upside was now that Derrick was back, I’d get paid and could go back to my life.

I wasn’t sure I was strong enough to leave Zia though.

She’s made it clear she doesn’t want you here.

When I marched back into the makeshift hospital room, I leaned against the supply cabinet and stared down at Derrick. "What the fuck is going on?"

My double grinned at me. "Aww, is that your way of saying you missed me?" He coughed after that, and the standby nurse rushed to give him ice chips to suck on before taking his vitals again.

He shooed her away but took the ice and crunched down on it. "Jesus Christ, it's not even real food and I love it."

"You’ve got to tell me what the hell is going on. Where have you been? Do you know where you were being kept? Even better, do you know who took you?"

He groaned as he tried to shift and propped up his head on the pillow. "Guess you've been a little worried."

"A little?" I shook my head. "You went MIA. You left me with my goddamn hands tied."

Derrick shrugged. "You seemed to figure it out just fine. And from the tension I could feel between you and Little Miss Tight-ass, I'm guessing you hit that.” He grinned at me. “It's good to be Derrick Arlington, right? I mean, in all honesty, do you think she could tell the difference between the two of us?"

I gripped one of the drawer handles on the supply cabinet so hard I was pretty sure I cracked it. "Shut the fuck up."

Derrick grinned as he lifted a brow. "Oh, you think she'll prefer me? I mean, I am the billionaire, but if I had to guess, I'd say you did something right because she looked all kinds of hurt, like she was planning her move into the penthouse. Here’s a hint for the future; you’re supposed to make them crazy for more, not crazy in love."

Love.

That word equal parts warmed me, spreading sunlight through my extremities, and chilled me straight down the center of my spine. How the fuck was I going to make that work? I didn't live in the islands. And for all intents and purposes, I'd lied to her.

I couldn’t think about that at the moment. I needed to get my life back. "Can we get off the topic of Zia and talk about the shit that's important?"

“Like about the rule to stay the fuck away from the royal family that you couldn't seem to follow?"

I shoved away from the cabinet, intent on throttling the fucker, when the nurse stepped in my way and shook her head. "No. No. No. I don't care what you want to do to him on your own time. He has grabbed my ass twice, so he probably has it coming. But you won't do it on my time. My job is to keep him alive and get paid, so he has to stay alive, understand?"

She was a tiny thing. Blonde. Upturned nose. Cute. But her eyes were all steel. I nodded slowly. "Yeah, got it."

She backed away, and Derrick's eyes tracked her ass as she marched out the door. "Hell, you can keep yours. I like her."

I rolled my eyes. "Can you focus?"

Derrick coughed. "Fine. You were just about to tell me how you broke the most important rule."

"I did stay the fuck away. Then mid-reception after the wedding, some idiot called me by name and tried to kidnap me.” I hitched my thumb toward the door. "In rolls Zia with some badass Taser, downing the guy. Your cousin, the king, caught the end of that dance and insisted I needed a bodyguard. Hence, I, well, you, have been assigned one."

Derrick cursed under his breath. "They clocked you at the wedding?"

"I don't know what the hell happened. The guy walked right up to me and called me Theo. Someone has been watching you."

Gone were his glib remarks and flippant comments. "Fuck.” He pinched the bridge of his nose. “I got snagged as soon as I landed in Antigua, black-bagged and everything. I'm not sure if I was on a boat the whole time, but clearly, I was on one during the last part of my captivity, because that was how I escaped. I grabbed a life raft and got the hell out of there. The damn thing capsized when I hit a swell." He shrugged. "The next thing I knew, Gorgeous-lips was planting one on me, and I could feel a jump in my heart. I suppose that was you."

I inclined my head. "I think the word you're looking for is thank you."

His brow furrowed. "For what? I wasn't going to die."

I lifted a brow. "All right, because you're a billionaire and you'll live forever."

He grinned. "Now you're getting it."

"Shut up. The point is someone knew we switched from the beginning. So I couldn't very well tell your cousin, the king, that I wasn't going to comply with his direct order that I had to have a bodyguard."

Derrick glanced at the door again. "And what a bodyguard you got. You couldn't get one of the ugly ones?"

"I'm not sure they have any here. Ariel Scott is a looker herself."

Derrick whistled under his breath. "Jesus fucking Christ, she's Royal Elite?"

"Yeah. What’s the problem?”

Derrick groaned. “The problem is Royal Elite won’t let this go. They’ll insist in seeing this through.”

I shook my head. “But it’s over now. We’re done. You’re back. I’m going back to my life.”

“The hell you are. We’re not done here.”

"What the fuck are you talking about?" I asked. "My tenure is up in a week. Done. So far, someone has tried to kidnap me twice, poisoned me, and damn near killed me. Give me one reason why I should stay?"

"I'll give you another two million dollars."

What the fuck? "Are you fucking serious right now?" I laughed. "That's insane."

He tried to sit up and groaned. “Look. Someone kidnapped me, they tried to take you. Are you really going to go home before we figure this out? You’re telling me you’re just going to walk away from her?”

I worked my jaw. That was below the belt. “She’s had enough. She deserves better.”

“I get it. I’m responsible for this mess you’re in. But it’s not over yet. Some motherfuckers are trying to kill us. They kidnapped me, tried to kill you, and you think you can get away with just going back? What happens when they come after her to get to you?”

I worked my jaw. “They’re not after me. They’re after you. I’m nobody.”

“What if you weren’t a nobody?”

I frowned. “What the fuck are you talking about?”

“Twin sons of Timothy Arlington would be a hell of a coup for someone, don't you think?”

My blood froze. “Did you just say twins?”





Theo…

“Keep up, little Theo. This only works if you’re smart.”

I narrowed my gaze at him. “Enough games. Fucking explain what you’re talking about.” He tried to push himself up, but the IV got in the way and then he tugged at it. "Stop it. What the fuck is wrong with you?"

As I was trying to stop him from ripping out his IV, the door swung open. And when I turned, Zia was followed by Ariel, Prince Tristan, and someone I didn't expect, the king.

I swung my gaze back to Derrick, and he gave me a full smirk. "Well, looks like the gang is all here."

Sebastian glowered at me. "I should have fucking known. No way you were this dickhead."

Derrick chuckled. "Nice to see you too, cousin."

Tristan glanced back and forth. "Jesus Christ, I thought I’d missed something, but they really are the fucking spitting image of each other."

Ariel crossed her arms and glowered at Derrick. "Looks like you're well enough to chat at least, so start talking. We're on a time clock, because if someone is trying to kill you, we need to get you secured."

Tristan stayed by her side. Sebastian was closer to the door and fresh out of fucks apparently, because his voice went icy cold. "Talk. Now."

Derrick shrugged. "Jesus, cousin. Always so authoritative. Fair enough." He lifted his gaze to mine. "Like I was saying before the entourage strolled in, Theo is my brother. My twin."

A hush fell over the room. Somewhere to the left someone muttered a curse.

There was that fucking word again. I stared at him, my brain refusing to compute the insanity that was coming out of his mouth.

Well you do look like him. It’s not outside of the realm of possibility. Except for there to be any truth to it, everything about my life had to be a lie. And that, I couldn’t swallow.

It took me another three seconds before my world started to tilt. The ceiling spun, lights became too bright, my skin heated in a way that was uncomfortable, as if someone had lit a Bunsen burner under me and started to roast me slowly.

I shook my head. "No, I don't have a twin. Timothy Arlington is not my father."

Arlington shook his head. "Believe it. What, you thought you were just my less handsome doppelgänger?"

I continued to shake my head. "No. No. My mother..."

He nodded slowly. "Our mother. Apparently, mum and dear old dad pulled a little parent trap situation. Separated us at birth. Dad's idea. So, I grew up with my alcoholic, zoned-out version of a mother, and you had the real deal. And lucky you… you had no dad to fuck you up."

My gaze swung to Zia, and I saw that her eyes were wide, locked on mine. I don't know why, but I looked to Ariel for confirmation, but she was just staring at Derrick. "How long have you known?" she asked.

Derrick swallowed as he focused on me. “Look, I’m not an idiot. I knew the numbers with Inline didn’t add up. The kind of data access and encryption techniques they claimed to have were next level. To force their hand, I asked for a show of good faith. I wanted proof of sensitive data that had never been leaked.”

I frowned. “Inline were the ones who told you?”

He nodded slowly. “Rocco Stains seemed almost gleeful to tell me. As soon as I found out, I came to see you in New York. I had to.”

“So instead of telling me the truth, you dragged me down here?”

“I wanted to see what you were made of. I was angry. At Dad, the circumstances, you. All that time… that feeling that something was missing, it was you.”

I still refused to believe. Even after the pieces started to line up. “No. I’m done with the games. I’m done here. Have a nice life. I’m going back to mine.”

Again, he tried to push up out of bed. “We talked about this. You can’t just go home. That’s not how this works. Sooner or later your world is going to be disrupted, like it or not.”

He thought I could just stay after what I’d learned? “You lied to bring me here and kept this from me.”

“Thirty days as me. No big deal. As soon as I found out about you, I went to New York. And sure enough, you were a fucking copy of me. And for what it's worth, I think I'm older by two minutes."

I shook my head. I refused to believe it. "No. I'm not a twin."

"Oh, come on. Can you tell me you didn't feel it? Our automatic closeness?"

"You recognize I hate you, right? You're a dick."

He grinned. "Yeah, I get that a lot. But it's still the truth. You know it is."

He's right. You do know it. The resemblance was beyond uncanny.

"Jesus fucking Christ."

He held up his hands. "Technically, we're fraternal. I think you're taller by a quarter of an inch and our eyes are slightly different, but it's not really a noticeable difference. We're like Mary Kate and Ashley."

I scrubbed my hand down my face. "Somebody shut this idiot up."

I was going to pass out. There wasn't any fucking air, and it was so goddamn hot.

There was another knock at the door just before it swung open. It hit Sebastian on the back, and he groaned. "Christ."

In marched Penny, her belly leading the way. "My God, there is no way you guys are leaving me out of this. Sebastian, did you really think the guard would stop a pregnant woman?"

He rolled his eyes. "I need to fire them all."

"You won't do any such thing. I'm their queen." She turned her head, and her eyes went wide at the sight of Derrick in bed. "Oh, two of you. Fantastic. So, what do we have here? Evil twin situation? Doppelgängers? Oh, wait. No, don't tell me." She waved her arms around excitedly. "Oh my God, separated at birth."

When no one responded, her mouth hung open. "Are you serious? I was kidding. Mostly. Separated at birth? That is outstanding. Sebastian, you have two cousins."

Sebastian wrapped an arm around Penny's shoulders and pulled her in. His hand tangled in her wild curls, and he kissed her on the forehead. As soon as he did that, she took a long deep breath. As I watched them, I felt a pang in the center of my chest. That was love. He just let her have her moment, even though she probably should be off her feet. "Yeah, we'd just discovered that, and I would have told you when I got back to the palace if you’d just waited. You shouldn't be out."

"I am pregnant, not dying. And do I have to remind you that Serena Williams won the Australian Open when she was pregnant?"

He sighed. "Goddamn Serena. I’m just looking out for you."

"I'm growing a human. Tell me the last time you did that?"

Sebastian wisely shut his mouth, but he still held her tighter. Penny’s narrow gaze lifted to me. "Ah, so, it's been you we've been dealing with for the last couple of weeks."

I nodded and bowed slightly. "Your Majesty."

She waved a hand. "Hi, cousin."

I couldn't help but laugh. "Oh, I don't want to disappoint you, but I'm not his twin."

She glanced up at Sebastian, who nodded, and then she smiled back at me. "Oh, you're still in the denial phase? Okay. Yeah, I mean, if I found out that my twin brother was Derrick Arlington, I'd be denying everywhere I could."

Her smile was warm. Her tawny cheeks lifted, showing off rosy apples and the sweetest smile with a peek of dimples. Jesus, she was cute. I couldn't help but smile back. "You get me."

"I told Sebastian. I told him that you were far too nice and you'd had a full personality transplant."

"I've been getting that a lot."

Derrick groaned. "You guys are all assholes. I'm not that bad."

But everyone nodded as if they were in full agreement that he was an asshole.

She shut up after that. I shook my head as I tried to get my world to settle. "Can we get back to the problem at hand? So, you're telling me you asked Inline Technologies to give you some kind of sensitive information. And in exchange, they gave you this bullshit?"

He nodded. "I get it. This is a shock. But it’s the truth, like it or not.”

Sebastian rubbed his jaw. "Any thoughts on who the fuck is trying to kill you?"

Derrick shrugged. "That's the thing. I have no idea. Smart money says the old man." His gaze flickered to me. "I'm guessing he wasn't any nicer to you than he was to me."

I shook my head. "He's a piece of work." I couldn’t help staring at Derrick. This guy claimed to be my twin. Was that the truth? How do you feel? Like I always felt with him since we’d met. A little unsettled. But my world was off-kilter. "Look, the whole twin thing, while it would be cool if somebody found out that I was a pseudo-billionaire, I'm going to need some verification."

"Yup. Can do. We can do a little DNA test, and it will be fantastic. Open your mouth. Someone grab a swab. You’ll get the truth, and you’ll see I’m right. Leaving would be a mistake."

Sebastian sighed and ran a hand down his face. “Look, while we’re sorting out exactly who Theo is, everyone is staying put. And we’re doubling the guard.”

Derrick’s head snapped up. “What? No. I mean, yes, we need to keep Theo here, but I’ve got obligations. I’ve already been gone for weeks.”

Sebastian crossed his arms. “What is more important than your life?”

Derrick scowled at him. “Nothing, but you can’t be serious. I can hire my own team to cover Theo and myself.”

“Any of you assholes ever consider asking me what I want?” I asked.

Sebastian lifted his brow as if I’d lost it then he turned back to Derrick. “Since you had your own security and got kidnapped while Royal Elite kept Theo alive, I’m going to have to veto that decision. Everyone stays put until we know more. With any luck this will be sorted by the Queen Mother’s birthday gala. For once I want it to go smoothly.”

Derrick cursed under his breath. I couldn’t help it. My gaze drifted to Zia. With wide eyes and her lips drawn into a rare frown, she looked ready to flee.

Yeah, you and me both.

I turned back to the man who claimed to be my brother. I hated being caught up in this situation, but if any of it was true, everything I knew about myself and my world was a complete lie.





4





Zia…





I needed to think. And I couldn’t do it in that room with Theo looking at me with pain in his eyes.

I would rather have avoided that tense scene altogether, but Ariel had arrived, so I didn’t really have any other choice than to join the impromptu meeting.

Maybe I was overreacting. I could be. Hell, I didn't know. All I knew was that I couldn't think, so I made an escape to the kitchen. I knew almost immediately when my boss followed me in the expansive white room.

"Are we going to talk about it?"

I groaned and turned my face. "Do we have to? I just—I don't know how this happened. I don't know who he is."

"How long have you known?" She folded her arms and watched me with a level gaze.

I shook my head. "No. I didn't know. I found out on that beach. I swear to God."

Ariel nodded. "Did you suspect that something was wrong?"

I winced. "I knew he was hiding something, but as you said, the job was to protect him, not to find out his secrets. If, in the course of protecting him, I could find out who was trying to hurt him, great. But the rest of it was none of my business."

Behind Ariel, Penny waddled through the dining room and joined us. "Jesus, this place is amazing. I live in a palace and this place is still gorgeous. Do you think there’s anything to eat in the fridge? I'm starving. But I imagine Derrick and Theo don't cook."

Ariel just rolled her eyes. "Penny, still thinking with your stomach I see.”

I nodded toward the fridge. “The housekeeper keeps it stocked. Help yourself." Then I added to Ariel, "Look, I know I disappointed you. I messed up. I didn't follow my gut. I should never have slept with him. I know that now. And—"

Penny popped her head back out of the fridge and lifted a brow as she stared at me. Ariel's arms fell open as did her mouth. "You what?"

"You mean, that part where I said I should have known?"

Ariel shook her head. "Nope, the part where you said you slept with him."

Well that cat was out of the bag, had built a house, and was having babies. "Um, well, that was not entirely the plan. I thought maybe you would have already guessed when I told you I was with him when he took off for the beach."

Ariel shook her head. "How am I to ascertain that your vagina took the billionaire for a spin?"

I swallowed. "I don't know. I just… God, is this as bad as it sounds?"

Penny pulled out a jar of pickles. "Nah. We have both fucked people we weren't supposed to on the job, so she really can't be that guy." She then crunched a pickle and moaned. Then she went to the pantry looking for something else. "Is there any chocolate?"

Ariel made a gagging noise. "I swear to God, that baby is a demon. What kind of human wants pickles and chocolate?"

"You leave my demon baby alone, okay? I just need salty and sweet at the same time, okay? And I need a crunch."

Ariel shuddered. "Ugh, I'm not even sure how I’m this baby’s aunt." Then she turned her attention back to me. “How long has this been going on?”

“A couple of weeks. I didn't mean to sleep with him. I just—I don't know."

Ariel lifted a brow. "You don’t know? You don’t bloody know?” Her voice rose.

“I’m sorry. I know you're disappointed in me. I should never have slept with him. I—"

Ariel threw up her hands. "I'm not upset with you because you slept with him."

I blinked several times. "What?"

She shook her head. "Like Penny said, it seems none of us can keep our panties on around the stupidly rich and gorgeous. It's not that. But you should have told me. Every check-in, you were so focused on the case that you missed the forest for the trees. You let feelings cloud your judgment."

"I swear I didn’t. I knew my job."

She chuckled. "Zia, you're a great agent. You're quick on your feet. You're smart. You're almost as good with computers as I am. But you ran into an unknown situation with no back up."

Penny found chocolate. "Aha. Success."

She promptly shoved a piece in her mouth with a pickle and moaned like the king was giving her a hell of an orgasm. It was my turn to shudder. The combination was disgusting.

She spoke around a mouthful of pickle and chocolate. "Ariel has a point. The number one rule in this business is cover each other’s backs. And you didn’t clue your team in."

“There wasn’t time. We got to the beach, and I know I should have waited, but I just…” my voice trailed. They were echoing what Tamsin had said. “I just couldn’t leave him exposed like that.”

“Because you love him.” Ariel’s voice was soft but definitive.

“I—” I wanted to scream that I didn’t love him. I wanted to tell them that he didn’t matter to me, not anymore. But I couldn’t really pull that lie off. Least of all to myself.

Penny took another bite of pickle. "Zia, look. We’ve all fallen in love and made poor decisions. Before I got assigned to Sebastian, I was a complete disaster. I got things wrong a lot. But once I met him, I don't know, I settled into my job. I became better at it. Much better. But it made me blind in other areas. The threats on him, I couldn’t see them at first..."

“But you saved him. Everyone knows that.”

“The point is I had Ariel. I wasn’t on my own. If I hadn’t relied on her, if she hadn’t had my back, we never would have caught Ashton. But even before that, there were so many scenarios when she literally saved my butt in New York. Without her, Sebastian might be dead. I might be dead."

Ariel’s voice was soft. "Honey, you're so concerned about being the next me or as good as me or trying to impress me, that you didn't get all the help you needed. You ran in and had to do it all yourself. You have a team. You aren’t alone in the field."

I sighed. "I know. It’s just… it was Theo, and I didn't think I had time."

"What did Tamsin say?”

I flushed. “You mean when I ran out to the beach? Or when she chewed me out?”

"Both."

"Basically, she was your parrot."

"I knew I liked that girl." Ariel said.

I shook my head. "I get it. My feelings clouded my judgement." I licked my lips. “All I want to do is focus on my job. It won’t happen again.”

Ariel nodded. "Look, I get it. You're used to doing everything. Penny and I were the same way, but we've always had each other. I'm glad you have Tamsin. But next time, you should wait for the rest of us."

I nodded. "Yeah, I can do that.” It was hard to not feel like I failed. I lifted my chin and asked the hard question. “So, what happens now?"

"Well, what happens now is we find out where Derrick has been all this time. And then we’ll unravel the history of the twins because… mind blown. Then we figure out who benefits the most from the bombshell staying hidden."

I chewed my lower lip. "That points to someone at Arlington Tech."

Ariel nodded. "Exactly. Timothy Arlington is a very clear suspect. But anyone could be, anyone with extensive profit from the discovery or anyone who has found out what Derrick was up to. Either way, we need to research more. Which means you're still in play undercover."

I blinked rapidly. "Wait, you're keeping me on Derrick?"

Ariel shook her head. "No, I'm keeping you on Theo. That's his name, right?"

I blinked. "Well, yeah. I guess that's his name. Hell, I don't even know. He’s been lying for weeks. He could be anybody. But I was hired to protect Derrick." I couldn’t spend day after day with Theo. Not now. "After what I just found out and my actions on the beach, some separation might be a good idea."

Ariel shook her head. "You're not going to get it. This is time sensitive, and we don't have time for you to sort out your feelings. You're a professional. Handle it."

Penny smiled. “He was undercover too. You just didn't know it."

The truth of that statement unfurled in my belly. I bit the inside of my cheek. “Understood.”

Ariel’s smile was soft as she patted me on the shoulder. "Trust your instincts. What does he show you? If you can’t trust the words, you can trust the actions."

As she turned to head back to where the men were, Penny stayed behind and offered me a pickle. "Go on, try it. It's not bad."

I took a pickle, stared at it, and bit into it. I did like pickles. And then she offered me a bite of chocolate. "Just go on. You can’t like it until you try it."

"I am pretty sure I will not like this."

The queen gave me a bright smile. "You won't know unless you try."

Would I be sent to the dungeons if I didn't?

I took a tiny bite of chocolate. The sweetness exploded on my tongue just as the salty tang washed down. I blinked. "Oh, that's actually not terrible."

"See? Now, while you're undercover, let me know how I can help. I am dying to get out. If Sebastian had his way, he'd sequester me in some tower and never let me out."

"But Your Majesty, you're eight months pregnant."

"Penny, for the love of Christ. And yes, but look, lots of women stay very active until they have a baby. Put me in, coach."

I laughed. "I have a feeling the king might kill me if I let you help."

"I might kill you if you don't." And in that moment, I was more afraid of the queen than I was of King Sebastian. "Okay. Well, as soon as I get the lay of the land, I'll call you."

She grinned. "Yes, back in action."

I eyed her belly dubiously. "Uh, if you say so."

"I do. Besides, I'm desperate and bored."

"You're pregnant."

"I figure if I can see my feet I’m good."

I glanced down at her feet and noticed her adorable little pointy-toed flats in two different colors. "Ah, is now a good time to mention that you're wearing two different colors of shoes?"

She frowned. "What?"

I chuckled. "You know what? I thought you were starting a new fashion trend. And I’ll bet you cash money we'll start seeing that trend on the island in the next couple of weeks."

She lifted a brow. "Now you're just flattering me."

"A little. Let's go back. I suppose I have to face the music."

"Or the billionaire as it were."

"What am I supposed to do?"

"Well, the only thing you can do. Talk to him. Work it out."

"I just didn't want to feel like this again."

"Look, love is complicated. We all lie, sometimes to protect the other person, and sometimes to protect ourselves. But you're not going to figure it out until you talk to him."

"Yeah, I was afraid you were going to say that."





5





Zia…





The next morning, I wasn’t looking forward to seeing anyone. Since I’d been on duty overnight, I’d been up for four hours, and on call for the other four. It had been late when the palace gang left and even later when Ariel and Tamsin left after a mini team debriefing, leaving Trace and I behind to watch double and trouble.

Could I do this? Walk out there and do my job? All I had to do was take Theo to the office and Tams would relieve me.

Do you have a choice?

No. Not really. I could walk out there, do my job, be professional, even. I could do this.

No, you can't.

No, I couldn't. God, there was no way Ariel would let me quit.

You're not a quitter.

No. I wasn't a quitter. I was the one with a plan B, and C, and D.

Yeah, plan D got you that dick, didn't it?

Ugh. God, what was wrong with me?

Why couldn't I make the right choices when it came to men?

Because deep down at the root of it, you're not even a feminist at all. You just want someone to take care of you.

I could still be a feminist and like that someone cared enough to look after me. But there was a kernel of truth in there. Searching for someone to look after me had gotten me in a lot of trouble. Although, to be fair, I wasn't even searching when Theo showed up. He just landed in my lap. But it was okay. I had a plan.

I was going to go out there, portray confidence, get the job done, and just stay the hell out of the way. That should be easy. I wouldn't even have to talk to him. After all, Derrick was back, and Theo would be leaving soon. Yes, people were trying to kill him, Derrick, whatever. But once we got to the bottom of this, he'd be out of my hair and I wouldn't have to deal with him anymore. I could go back to my life. Get a new assignment. Maybe not screw that one up.

It would be fine. Totally fine.

With renewed confidence, I yanked the door open. I was just going to go out there and be strong. I stopped short once I rounded the corner to the massive living room. Sunlight flowed in from the floor to ceiling windows, illuminating Theo in his casual attire, jeans and a long-sleeved white shirt that pulled nicely over his broad shoulders. He was reading something when I strode in and started salivating.

"Good morning."

God, why was his voice like kryptonite? I forced my knees to lock so I wouldn't ooze down into a puddle.

"Good morning, Theo, I assume?"

He lifted a brow. "You can't tell us apart?"

"I can, actually. But given that I clearly can’t trust my instincts, I’d still like verbal verification. Probably safer that way.”

His lips flattened for a brief moment. He didn’t like what I had to say? Well, tough.

“How can you tell us apart?”

“His eyes are closer together, your nose has been broken, and there's something about the expression on your face. It’s not set in Resting Douchebag Face. I can tell the difference pretty easily, actually."

His brows lifted. "That's funny. Trace couldn't tell the difference. Derrick cut his hair and shaved, so it’s bound to be a lot more difficult."

"Well, I can. Are you ready?"

His gaze narrowed at me. "Don't you want to eat something?"

"No, I'd rather just get to the palace. I'll have something there."

He pushed up from the couch. "Fine. Trace is in the car."

"I'm the last one to get ready?"

"Still waiting on Derrick. He was up early this morning but wanted to make a call in his study.”

I checked my watch. It was seven o’clock. If Trace wanted to drop Theo and I at the palace before taking Derrick to the office, we’d have to get a move on. “Any idea how long he’ll be?"

"None."

I could feel Theo watching me. I could feel the tension around him as if he was poised on the precipice of saying something. “Zia—”

“Don’t.” I gave him a swift shake of my head. “Please, just don’t.”

“Right.” He frowned as he passed the fruit bowl and grabbed a banana. As we marched out the door, he handed it to me. "You should eat something at least."

"Don't do that either. Try and take care of me. It's annoying."

His smile was soft, even though his breathing was an exasperated puff of air. "Twenty-four hours ago, you liked it… a lot. Matter of fact, I can recount for you all the ways you liked me to take care of you."

Heat flushed my whole body as I remembered how enthusiastically Theo looked after my orgasm count. "Well, twenty-four hours ago, I didn't know who you were. And twenty-four hours ago, I didn't know you were lying."

"I couldn’t tell you."

“Yeah, you said that already.” He was too close. The smell of him wrapped around me. He smelled fresh and clean, with a hint of musk, and I wanted to sink into the scent. I deliberately took a step back instead. “I’m going to go get Derrick.”

With an about-face, I ran from the man I cared way too much about. My shoes made a soft clipping sound on the hardwood as I marched to the study. When I reached the heavy door, I knocked twice before opening. I knew from experience it was hard to hear when you were in there.

When I pushed the door open though, there was no sign of Derrick. With a frown I checked the small attached bathroom. But nothing. My stomach clenching, I jogged back out then checked the two closest rooms before heading back through the living room toward the bedrooms in the other wing.

Theo frowned at me. “What’s wrong?”

“Derrick’s not in the study,” I called out.

It didn’t matter how much I searched though. He wasn’t in the penthouse. I grabbed my phone and called down to Trace, but he hadn't seen him either.

“Christ, did someone take him right out from under us?” Theo’s voice was flat, unemotional.

“Think, Theo. You saw him this morning. Then what?”

He shook his head. “He ate something then excused himself to make a call. After that, Trace headed down to the car, and two minutes later you came out of your room.”

“So you didn’t see him actually go into the study?”

“No, but I assumed that was where he was going when he said he had a call to make.”

I ran my hands through my hair. A minute later Trace was back in the penthouse. “What the fuck do you mean, he’s gone?”

I shook my head. “I’ve looked everywhere.”

Trace pulled his gun. “Watch him, guard the door.”

I followed instructions. It was part of protocol for a secondary search. When he returned, he shook his head.

Immediately, I turned my attention to Theo. “Where did he go?”

Theo’s eyes went wide. “How the fuck would I know? It’s because of him that I’m stranded here, remember?”

I tried not to let it sting that I wasn't something keeping him in the islands. That’s not what you want, right?

Trace made the call to Ariel. “He’s gone. We’ve looked everywhere.”

As he muttered into the phone, I headed back to the study. Theo was hot on my heels. “What, you think he up and Houdini’d himself out? Last I checked he couldn’t fly.”

“Shut up.” Something wasn’t right. It would be one thing if he’d disappeared and been gone when we woke up, but to vanish from the penthouse in under two minutes would take some aerial assistance. I strolled over to the security panel and then looked at Theo expectantly. “Make yourself useful.”

“I see where I’m needed.” He looked into the security panel and it flared to life.

I typed quickly. “I could have hacked it, but it would have taken a minute.” I tapped again. “There you are, you little bastard.”

Theo leaned around me. “What do you have?”

“He did come in here, but then the camera went out.”

“Then where the fuck did he go?” he asked.

I stepped back. He’d gone somewhere. So where? I noticed a blinking light under the desk. Sinking to my knees, I examined it.

Trace came into the library. “Ariel is pissed. What are you doing?”

I felt around, looking for a button or something tied to the light. Finally, I found one in the floor and pushed.

The wall of books shifted behind me, and Theo whistled low. I turned to find what looked like a panic room and—fuck me. “Is that a goddamn elevator?”

Trace cursed under his breath then was back on the phone.

I pushed myself to my feet and glowered at the elevator. That son of a bitch had given us the slip.

The only question was whether he had done it voluntarily or not.

Theo’s voice was deep. “So, my supposed brother has done a runner, as my mother would say.”

I brushed my hair out of my face. “It certainly looks that way.”

Trace’s jaw set in a firm line. “For argument’s sake, let’s just say he didn’t go on his own. You know what that means.”

I nodded and drew my weapon. “We need to get to the only place that’s moderately safe right now. The palace.”





6





Zia…





"What the fuck do you mean he's gone?"

Theo and I both slid a glance to Sebastian and then back at each other. "Your Majesty—" I started.

Trace stepped forward. "Your Majesty, it's not their fault. Derrick wanted to make some calls. Either someone took him from the study or…” his voice trailed.

I knew he was trying to fall on the sword for me. “We didn’t know about the safe room. Or the elevator. The schematics we had—”

Theo pushed away from the wall. “Are you two seriously falling all over yourself trying to take the blame for this? That idiot gave us the slip. As if he hadn’t just been kidnapped for weeks. If he was actually even kidnapped.”

Sebastian glowered but Theo didn’t back down.

The door slammed open, and Penny barged in. Whatever torrent Sebastian was about to unleash softened. "What's wrong? What do you need?"

She rolled her eyes and waved him off. "Well, I heard there was a team Winston Isles meeting. Where is everyone?"

Sebastian sighed. "Well, we had to move up the meeting because someone kidnapped our billionaire."

“He kidnapped himself,” Theo grumbled.

Penny's eyes went wide. "What?"

The door opened again, and Tristan and Lucas strolled in, followed quickly by Ariel. Her gaze went to me directly. "The fuck is going on?"

There was another knock at the door, and Sebastian groaned as his office got more and more cluttered with people. Ethan, Penny's father, came through the door without waiting for an answer, followed by the rest of Royal Elite. Jax, Jameson, Tamsin, the new recruits. Sebastian grumbled and plopped into his seat. "Jesus Christ, can't we just have a secret, quiet meeting?"

Penny glanced around as she waddled and massaged her back. "Where's your mother?"

Sebastian sighed. "First of all, come here and sit down on my lap so I can massage you. And Mom's in Norway, remember?"

Penny frowned. "No, that's not until next week, the seventeenth."

Sebastian smiled. "Sweetheart, it's the eighteenth today."

Penny blinked rapidly. "Did I lose a fucking week? Pregnancy brain is real."

Ariel snorted a chuckle. "I was with you last week and reminded you she'd be gone."

Penny frowned. I couldn't help but glance down at her feet. Yup, two different shoes. Again.

When she sat on Sebastian's lap, he kissed her shoulder and immediately started rubbing her back. The queen's eyes rolled to the back of her head, and I averted my gaze, not sure if I should be looking at this.

There was another knock and in strolled Roone with the princess, followed by Bryna, Lucas's fiancée, and Jinx, a tiny girl that I'd met at the last game night. The king just sat back as he continued to rub his wife's back. "Fine, we'll just wait for the whole gang. Anyone else we're missing?"

There were grumblings and murmurings as everyone took their seats. Theo just hung back and watched the cascade of people. I got it. He felt like an outsider.

What I didn't get was my immediate reaction. I wanted to soothe him. Let him know it was okay. That apparently, now, this was his family.

Is that your place?

No, not my place, but still... I knew what it was like to feel as though you don’t belong somewhere.

Sebastian finally called everything to order. "Christ, is everyone here now? Can we get started?"

Penny swatted his hand. "Ugh, manners. Don't be a dick."

"I wasn't being a dick. I just—"

She waved him quiet. "You, rub."

He rolled his eyes and continued rubbing her back and she hummed happily on his lap.

"Okay fine, let's start again. Now that everyone's here, how about we get started? Zia, tell us what you know.”

I flushed. I didn't know jack. “I woke up this morning and got ready to come to the palace with Theo. Derrick was already gone then.”

Roone crossed his arms over his broad chest. “Someone took him?”

Theo stepped forward for that one. “Nobody took him. You guys saw how anxious he was last night. He wanted out for some reason. He took off. He never once mentioned that elevator. Not even when I was preparing to be his double. This was by choice.”

Penny frowned. “But that makes no sense. He’d just been kidnapped.”

Sebastian rubbed his temple. “Nothing surrounding my cousin for the last month has made a lick of sense.” He quickly ran everyone through the Derrick-Theo thing, the doubles, all of it.

When he was done, Lucas chuckled. "So, someone is trying to kill us? What else is new? Let’s do the Team Winston Isles thing again. Everyone got their guns? Penny, obviously, you’ll sit this one out."

Penny raised a brow. "I will do no such thing. I might be waddling, but that's my secret weapon. No one would think that I'm still a badass."

Lucas gave her a soft smile. "Of course, always a badass. But how about you be a badass with your brain and not give my brother a heart attack thinking that you’ll be running around the palace unable to see your feet and holding a gun?"

She rolled her eyes, but she said nothing. Even she had realized that at this stage in the game there wasn't a lot she could do physically.

Sebastian slapped his hand on his desk. "If you two are done, do you want to get back to this?"

Penny patted his knee, and he resumed rubbing. The smile she gave him was soft. God, would anyone ever love me like that?

Maybe somebody already does.

I refused to turn around and face Theo. I didn't want to think about any of it. Not those lies, not how I'd been fooled, none of it. All I wanted to do was focus on what was going on right then. Figure out a resolution and move on with my life and not have to think about it.

Sebastian got us back on track. "Okay, right now, Derrick is gone. Police have been alerted?"

I nodded. "Yeah. I called our contact and already filed a report. He'll keep it quiet. And Ariel, he'll notify you."

Ariel nodded. "Yes, he already called me. They're running all their leads. They need as much help as possible because, obviously, this has to be kept quiet. They don't know any more about who's after him or why than we do. I left Theo out of it because I didn't think we needed to complicate matters, but their focus right now is on who benefits if Derrick is gone. We're working on all the angles."

Sebastian nodded. "Okay. In the meantime, I think it's probably prudent for Theo to go back to being Derrick."

Theo crossed his arms. "I'm not sure that's the best idea we've ever had. I mean, let's be honest, I wasn't the best Derrick."

Sebastian shook his head. "It doesn't matter. You pulled it off enough. And right now, we have to keep the status quo. Also, it could drive him out in the open if he fled on his own or flush out any potential kidnappers."

Ethan stepped forward. "Yeah, that's a good point." He studied Theo closely. "The resemblance is uncanny. There's no way anybody will be able to tell the difference. Your nose has been broken, but that's about it. They might have grabbed the wrong one, or they might not even know there are two of you."

Theo shook his head. "Whoever is doing this, they definitely know there are two of us. And they’ve definitely known for the last several weeks that I wasn't Derrick. It might be that whoever had him didn't know he had a double at first then discovered me in his place."

Sebastian nodded. "This is true. Okay, I think the best bet is for faux-Derrick to go back to work. I'll put Zia back in play with you, but we'll also add Trace and Jax as actual security. They'll be the ones people will watch, not you, Zia. So you'll be our last line of defense."

I nodded. ”Yes, Your Majesty."

Sebastian gave me a sharp eyebrow raise. "Can we just establish that since we're all family, you only call us 'Your Majesty' when anyone not on Team Winston Isles is around?"

We all glanced around, nodding immediately. We were King's Knights. Just because the King and Penny were informal, we still had a respect for the throne and knew how important it was to show that respect.

It was Penny who leaned forward and spoke then. "I think we need to make one change. Theo, instead of returning home to the penthouse after work, it's probably best that you stay here."

Sebastian agreed. "Yeah, it's safer that way. In case someone actually took Derrick from the penthouse, we want you here so you’re not accessible."

Ariel stood then. "In the meantime, I will work with the police and try to find him, in case he’s just absconded."

Tristan grumbled. "I'm not so sure I like that idea. These people are dangerous. Furthermore—"

Ariel didn't even say a word. She just turned to her fiancé and lifted a brow. He quieted immediately. God, that kind of power. She was so badass. And of course, Prince Tristan was only trying to protect her. But honestly, she needed no protection from anyone. We all knew how formidable she was.

Sebastian nodded. "Sorry Tris, she knows what she's doing."

Ariel gave both of them a saucy grin. "If he just took off, we’ll find him and bring him back."

"Ariel, if you need help, I'm available," I added.

She gave me a nod. "Look, this isn't on you." She turned her attention to Trace. "This isn't on you, either. We just didn’t have all the cards. We’ll find him."

As we all filed out of the office, Theo's stormy gaze met mine. "Just when I thought I was nearly free."

My heart squeezed. How likely was it that I was wrong about him? That he’d also been ensnared in this web and couldn’t shake himself loose? "It's only temporary."

"Yeah. This whole thing was supposed to be only temporary. But it just fucked up my whole life. I need to get a call into Kyle and make sure he's got my mother."

I frowned. "That part was true?"

He nodded slowly, his voice going soft. "About my mother being ill? Yeah, that was true."

"And Kyle, he's a friend of yours?"

He nodded again. "I grew up with him. We have a company together. He's my right hand. When I got this assignment, I brought him with me to help keep me out of trouble."

He'd been trying to tell me the truth, and I hadn't listened.

What would you have done?

I had no idea what to do with that information now. "We'll work it out. She'll be okay."

"I really fucking hope so."

For his sake, I hoped so too, because I had a feeling everything was going to get a lot more complicated before it got better.





Theo…

Like it or not, my life was never going to be the same.

Understatement of the year.

What the hell had possessed me to do this? One bad decision and my whole world was rocked.

Could it be the truth?

Fuck. I couldn’t think about that now. I couldn’t think about the things that Derrick had said last night. I couldn’t fucking process the mountain of lies I’d have to unpack.

I slid a glance to Zia.

Don’t go there either, buddy. It won’t end well.

Christ, even knowing how upset she was and knowing I’d been the cause of that pain, it didn’t stop me from wanting her. Didn’t stop me from craving her.

I’d tossed and turned all night the previous evening, the scent of her shampoo lingering in the room even though she didn’t sleep there with me. No way would I ever admit to holding her pillow close to me, because that was some creepy ass bullshit.

Face it, everything has gone to shit.

It didn't matter how much I wanted to will the neat, orderly construction of my life back into existence. This was the new paradigm. And if I didn't adjust, somebody was going to die. I’d rather that somebody wasn’t Zia while she was protecting my dumb ass.

We passed what looked like an empty office, and I tapped Zia's elbow. "Can you give me five? I just need to check in."

She nodded. "Of course. I'll just let Trace and Jax know."

"Thanks." I ducked into the office and closed the door behind me before fetching my phone out. I drew in several deep, long breaths, willing myself to calm down before I called home. Last night it had been far too late, and I knew both of them would be out cold.

When I hit speed dial for my mother, my fingers shook a little. But I knew I had to do it. It wasn’t like I could ignore what I’d heard.

Sure, you can. Not like you don't have enough going on already.

It rang twice, and she answered. "Theo?"

Just hearing her voice sent fissures and cracks through my heart. "Mom, hey. I'm just checking in. Are you okay?”

"Yes, I'm fine. Kyle is watching over me like a bulldog. I don't know what's wrong with him. He seems to forget that I have wiped his ass before."

Same old mom… except not really. "Mom, please don't say ass."

"It's true. You’ve known that boy since you were two. You don’t think you both had diapers on?"

I pinched the bridge of my nose. "Mom, he's there for your protection."

"What do you mean, protection? Who do I need protection from?"

"Mom—" I dragged in another deep breath. I didn't want to do this over the phone, but I had no choice. The stakes were high. Too high.

Or you could wait. Figure some things out.

What was I going to say? 'Hey, P.S. I know you lied, and about your other son, I have no idea where he is right now.' No, I couldn't say that.

"Just, uh, you know, business stuff. People are ruthless. Sometimes people will do anything for a patent."

Jesus that was the most bullshitty of bullshit answers. But one word from her and my brain had scrambled. No matter what, she was my mother. And I loved her. So, patent theft seemed as good an excuse as any other. Besides, that was why Kyle and I had left the last place we’d worked.

"You boys aren't in any trouble, are you?"

Lie. "No Mom, we're fine. Just a lot going on. Are you well? How are the treatments going?"

"Good. I even have some of my appetite back. The nausea has mostly passed, so I'm feeling good. You need to stop with your worrying."

Not going to happen. "Easier said than done."

"I know, but honestly."

"Okay, look, can I talk to Kyle?"

When Kyle hopped on the phone, somehow, I felt more relieved just knowing he was there. "What's up, tin man?"

I ran my hands through my hair. With Kyle I could crumble a little bit. He wouldn’t judge. Okay, he would, but he’d still have my back. "Shit’s hitting the fan, dude."

His voice went low. "What's wrong?"

“Derrick’s back. Well was back. Now he’s gone again.”

The string of curses under his breath were inventive to say the least. "Are you fucking serious right now?"

"I wish I wasn't." Quickly, I filled him in on what had happened in the last fifteen hours.

When I was done, he cursed under his breath. "Fucking twins. Jesus Christ, do you believe him?”

“I don’t know what I believe anymore.”

“Man, you gotta come home."

"I wish I could. I just met with the Winston Isles crew. They want me to stay. Continue being him. And I don't know if I can do it."

"Shit. I mean, Winston Isles crew... the king?"

"Yeah, the fucking King of the goddamn Winston Isles wants me to keep up the ruse."

"God, man, this is some bullshit."

"I know. Trust me, I know."

"Just hang the fuck up and come home."

My gaze flickered to the door. Zia was pacing in the hallway outside. "It's not that easy."

Kyle paused. "The girl."

"Yeah, the girl." And other things.

"You're fucking in love with her, aren't you?"

"Trust me, it wasn't the plan."

Kyle sighed. I could almost see him rubbing the back of his neck in frustration. "Theo, none of this was supposed to happen. This was supposed to be easy. Easy money."

"There's no such thing as easy money."

"Yeah, don't I know it? All right, you do what you need to do. I’ve got your Mom. I'll take her to the safe house. Also, the other security you sent, they arrived. At least I assume that’s them. They’re some badass commando-looking motherfuckers."

"Cool. Thank you for looking after her."

"You do what you need to do. Get home safe, okay? I got the rest of this."

"Thanks man." I turned around after hanging up, and Zia was there.

Her eyes were soft and welling with tears. "I don't think I understood how hard this must have been on you until just now."

I shrugged. "It is what it is."

"Why did you do this?"

Good question. "Honestly, for my Mom. She is sick. And Derrick offered something I didn't have. Money. So, I took it. I'm not mad that I did. But now I'm torn, and wish I was there instead of here."

"Theo, I—"

The muscle in the center of my chest loosened and tightened again. God, I wanted her so bad. I wanted to hold her and...

Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't--

"Zia, I—"

Before I could finish, she was moving swiftly toward me. My arms opened and she was in them, soft and smelling like apples and cinnamon, and I just couldn't help myself.

Famous last words.





7





Zia…





It was a hug. Hugs were fine. And he clearly needed one.

Uh-huh. Then why do you feel like someone lit a sparkler in your vajayjay?

It was fine, I was totally going to ignore that. I held on for a second longer than I should have. That part of me that had wanted to love him was more than willing to forgive, but I had to be smart. I eased back. Theo didn’t look like he wanted to let go, but he did.

I led the way back into the hallway and one of the guards was waiting for us with an unfixed gaze. It was the standard blank, professional look they were supposed to have. See no evil, speak no evil.

As we were led to our temporary quarters in the palace, I told myself to keep my distance. It would be too easy to get pulled right back in, so I had to create distance. Otherwise I was going to be irrevocably broken.

But still, I couldn't get past the look on his face, the tightness around his mouth, or the way his brows pulled in. He was concerned about his mother.

Stay strong.

I opened the door to the suite we'd been given. And because we didn't know where Derrick was, we were still technically undercover. Sebastian had sent a team to the penthouse for our things. He'd also sent someone to Elena’s to inform her we’d be at the palace. God, I hoped she was okay. In the short time I'd gotten to know her, I'd gotten used to her robust manner. I liked her.

I was curious to know how she'd known Theo was Theo and not Derrick. She had raised him. She knew him inside and out. Of course, she knew that something was up with him. But to know that he was Theo? That meant she'd known about the twins, which was... God. Keeping family secrets like that was one hell of a burden.

When I opened the door, I went in first to double check that we were alone. Coming out of the two bedrooms, I then ushered Theo inside. "It's clear."

He gave me a terse nod.

"Are you okay?" I hated myself for asking that question. I hated myself for caring, but I could feel it, his tension. His turmoil.

"I guess for now. My mother is safe. Kyle is looking out for her. And Sebastian has offered some additional security coverage."

I frowned. "Sebastian sent a Royal Guard to guard your mother?"

Theo shook his head. "No, he sent a security company. Blake Security or something?"

My eyes went wide. "Oh." Blake Security were a bunch of badass dudes. I'd seen them in the palace once or twice for events. They were like the sexiest, baddest-asses I’d ever seen in my life. "They are really good at their job."

He eyed me quizzically. "You've heard of them?"

I nodded. "They've been here before. Your mother won’t even know they're there unless they want her too. They're discreet, and they will keep her protected."

Another terse nod.

Don't do it. Everything you know about him was a lie. None of it is real. Do not do this.

But I couldn't help it. He was hurting. Tentatively, I reached out to him and took his hand. "She'll be okay. They're going to protect her."

His gaze snapped down to where I touched him and then slowly shifted up to my face. His expression softened. His eyes, that intense silvery gray, stayed narrow though. I wanted to tell him that I was only offering comfort, but it was too late. I saw the look in his eyes.

"Zia—"

I shook my head. "Theo."

I reached for my handbag, but he was too fast and tugged me forward. "Zia, I miss you. I'm sorry."

I shook my head. "I can't talk to you about this. I cannot do this. Do you understand how pissed off Ariel is? She thinks my judgment is impaired. I’m on thin ice with her."

He nodded slowly, but he didn't release me. Instead, his thumb stroked slowly over my knuckles. "I know. I know this can't happen. I have a whole other life. And I lied to you."

I pursed my lips. "Yeah well, there's that."

He swallowed hard and wrapped his arms around me, locking me in place, forbidding me to move. Meanwhile, I hadn't actually moved a muscle. I just needed that intensity, that aura surrounding me. My body was not in charge here; his was. And God, I wanted him to be.

Stop being weak. Back away. Point out which room is his. Get to work.

But I couldn't move. I wanted to. I didn't want any of this.

Uh huh. Sure. Then why are your nipples hard?

He leaned his head down, and his forehead touched mine. I could do this. I could resist. I could ignore the pull. I could do a myriad of things. The problem was that I was doing none of them. I stood there in his arms as his scent and his heat wreaked havoc with my senses, making me want him even though I knew that he was a liar. Even though I knew he'd deceived me. Even though I knew I couldn't help it. I couldn't move away.

"Zia, I'm sorry."

His simple, soft-spoken apology cut me more deeply than anything else could have. Because it sounded sincere, and I knew I couldn't believe it.

"Theo, I can't. You didn't see the look on Ariel's face. I cannot do this with you. I'm so focused on you, I didn't do my job. I need to do it now."

"I know. I know. I just—all I want to do is hold you."

That sounded like a simple request. Holding me. Easy, right? There was nothing untoward about this.

That was my denial face. I couldn’t just hold him.

Oh God, I didn't even want him.

Liar.

I was a liar. I craved him.

But that wasn't the point. The point was he'd hurt me, and I wasn't going to do this again. I'd risked my job, my security. He was the first man who'd seen me. Really seen me. He let me be a badass but also went out of his way to help me.

Are you going to throw that away?

My goddamn subconscious was not helping right now.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I know I don't deserve you forgiving me, but I never wanted to hurt you. I couldn't help how I feel."

His whispered words were everything I had ever wanted to hear. Everything I wanted to hear before I knew about Derrick and Theo. What he was saying was everything I needed, and a balm for my pain. The problem was I was getting this after the fact, and I didn't know if I could believe it.

Believe it. You know you want to. At least get your orgasm and then worry about not believing it later.

"I can't. I can't do this."

He nodded, but his forehead stayed pressed on mine. His thick lashes lay against his cheeks for a long moment as he closed his eyes. "I know, and I don't want to make things difficult. I just fucking miss you."

Goddamn it. I knew I needed to step away. My knees had turned to jelly, and the warm rush between my thighs told me I was weak, and I really, really wanted him.

Instead of stepping away though, I whimpered.

Theo's breath caught in his throat. And instead of letting me go, instead of releasing my hand, he tugged me closer, his hands sliding up my thighs, then my waist. His thumbs traced over my ribs. He licked his lips. "Zia, I'm trying to let you go. I'm trying to do the right thing."

"Then do it."

"For both of our sakes, I wish I could."

And then his lips were on mine, his tongue licking into my mouth, and God, it was as if molten lava were oozing out of me.

The kiss was mostly teeth and tongues, a clash of apologies and anger, and hurt.

Theo's hands were in my hair, angling me, kissing me deeper. I tugged futilely at his shirt. There were too many goddamn buttons. His hands tugged my blouse out of my skirt, and then he lifted the hem of the material. There were no words then. Just grunts, and whimpers, and moans. Before I knew what was going on, Theo had backed me up until the back of my knees hit the couch. And then we were falling down.

Oh God. This was bad. This was very, very bad... but oh, so good. Better than anything I had ever felt in my life, and I was coiling toward the pure bliss of it. His hands were on my thighs, sliding up. He still continued to kiss me, and there was an intensity, an urgency to his movements.

We were doing this.

We were going to fuck like rabbits in the palace. And I knew I should care, knew I should have some kind of rational thought about this, but oh no, I just wrapped my legs around his back and tried to draw him closer.

He made this muffled laugh-growl against my lips, and his fingers found the edge of my panties. He shifted the elastic aside and then moaned against me. Without taking his lips from mine, he muttered against me. "Wet. Fuck." Those two words telling me just how far his brain had devolved into caveman territory.

And then he was sliding his fingers into me. Two of them. No preamble, no foreplay. Just finger fucking me. Sliding in and out of my wetness, my folds. And God, I loved every second of it. I didn't need the extras right now.

I was already so keen, so on-edge, and everything about this was wrong, and dirty, and so hot. I just need him closer. I needed more. I needed—

There was a loud banging at the door. Three sharp raps.

We both froze, our gazes snapping open. The color of his eyes shifted from that silvery liquid when he was turned on, to the stormy gray of agitation. I blinked rapidly as I tried to figure out what the hell I was doing. I cleared my throat. "Just a second."

He shifted his shoulders, and his brows snapped down. "What are you doing?"

"Answering the goddamn door. Take your fingers out of me."

We whispered back and forth to each other. He obliged, and then he blinked his eyes several times and shook his head. "Right."

He backed away and I watched as he discreetly adjusted himself.

I quickly righted myself, tucking my blouse back in as I jogged to the door and yanked it open.

Trace was on the other side.

If he noticed that it took us a moment to answer, he didn't say anything. "Hey, we're headed out in a minute. You're comms are out."

I glanced at the table where I'd set them when we first walked in. "Yeah. I hadn't put them in yet. I was just getting Theo settled."

His gaze flickered to Theo and back to me. His gaze narrowed at Theo imperceptibly, and he nodded. "Yeah. I'll see you at the north lot."

I nodded. "Are you okay?"

His lips pursed slightly. "Yeah. I'm good."

Everything about Trace’s posture said he was far from good. We'd both been caught up in whatever the hell was going on with Theo and his brother, and we both needed to see it through. I turned to Theo. "It's time to go."

"Right. We're not going to talk about what happened?"

I squared my shoulders. "There's nothing to talk about except that it can't happen again."

"Are you sure about that?"

"I’m not going to make any more stupid decisions.”

“Stupid decisions? Look, I know I hurt you. And I’m going to spend as much time as possible making that up to you. But this… we… aren’t a stupid decision. I feel it. You care about me the same way I care about you."

"You might think you know a lot about me, but I know nothing about you, so I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to jeopardize my future over something that snapped me up."

And then I strolled past him. I had to keep my legs closed around Theo Coleman. I wasn't going to screw up again.





8





Zia…





The sooner I could get out of Theo’s presence, the happier I’d be. But for the time being, I was stuck with him.

It also looks like you can’t keep your hands off of him.

It didn’t take long to get settled and when I walked out of my room, I found Theo in the sun washed living room with the balcony door open to the Rose Garden and a view of the ocean beyond the wall.

Theo ran his hand down his face as he leaned against the balcony windows. “That kiss, wasn’t supposed to happen.”

Even though he was right, I still rankled at him saying so and squared my shoulders. “You’ve got that right.”

He ran his hands through his hair. “We’re both stuck in this situation. And it isn’t your fault that I’m in a holding pattern. I just need to do something. I can’t just sit here and wait for my next crazy instructions. Derrick’s gone…again.”

I cracked my neck and tried desperately not to respond to the commanding baritone in his voice. “I don’t disagree, but there’s nothing to be done right now. We need a plan.”

“I have a plan.”

“Oh, do you? Because I’d say maybe you need to reevaluate your plan.”

He narrowed his gaze at me. Fine. Let him be pissed off. It would certainly match my mood. “I think I should go and speak to Elena. She’s the one who knows Derrick the best. Maybe she can shed light on where he’s gone.”

I frowned. Maybe I’d heard wrong. "You want to go where?"

He pushed away from the balcony door frame and sauntered over to me. I held my breath when I caught whiff of his cologne. I could not be weak. But his taste was still on my lips.

"I want to go see Elena. Right now, she's probably the only one who can give me answers."

I stared up at Theo. "Maybe I need to use kindergarten words with you. You see, we just left the penthouse. We don’t know if it’s safe or not. If Derrick was taken, then whoever took him might be watching the building. Returning would basically make you bait. And while I want to kill you. I get the impression some very bad people would like to rob me of that distinct pleasure."

Theo shook his head. "No. Not the penthouse. I checked the employee files. I know where she lives or at least where she goes on weekends and vacations. It's in the old city."

He was serious. He wanted to go looking for trouble. "Jesus Christ, Theo, you recognize that I'm trying to not lose my job, right?"

He nodded. "Yes, I get it. You're worried about your job. But I need to do this, so either you're coming or not."

The alarm on my wrist pinged. Shit. If things had gone according to plan, I was supposed to be relieved now. I was supposed to have accompanied Theo to the office, then headed into Royal Elite while Tamsin took over with Theo. Trace was supposed to be on Derrick while he recovered, but since he was gone, that was a moot point.

“You’re not going anywhere, Theo. Even if you don’t care if you live or die, I have to.”

There were two knocks on our suite door, then Trace walked. His gaze ping ponged between the two of us. “Everything okay in here?”

I tried to take a step back, by my ass hit the couch. Theo didn’t move. Just how close had we been standing.

Close enough that his scent lingered around me even though I’d created some space between us. “Trace, I’m supposed to be off shift right now. I don't know what Derrick’s disappearance does for rotation. Tamsin was supposed to relieve me at the office.”

He nodded. “It’s cool. The team knows we’re here and there’s no Derrick. Why don't you take off? I’ll watch Theo as I’m supposed to be on duty now anyway.”

I narrowed my gaze at Theo. “No funny business or crazy plans. Wait for the team to formulate something.”

He only crossed his arms and glowered at me.

I ignored him and spoke to Trace instead. “Call me back in if anything happens.”

“I got him. Don’t worry, I won’t lose this billionaire too.”

Theo threw up his hands. “Not a billionaire.”

But neither Trace nor I paid him any attention. I was getting the reprieve I wanted, and I was getting the hell out of dodge if even for a few hours. I needed space to think.





Theo…

Zia was angry. She had every right to be.

You fucked up your shit with that kiss.

I needed to get a handle on this. The sooner I knew what happened to Derrick the sooner I could get out of here. Maybe I could finally think if I didn’t have Zia’s scent all over me. Elena was my only lead. And instead of talking to her, I was expected to sit here and twiddle my fucking thumbs until someone could figure out where my fuckwit double went?

That was some bullshit.

“Am I a prisoner here?”

Trace shook his head. “Think of it like protective custody.”

I crossed my arms. “Okay, you’re with me so I’m protected. Mind if we take a field trip?” I was totally asking Dad instead of Mom, but if it got me what I wanted, I didn't give a shit.

Trace shrugged. "Fine. No skin off my back. Zia will have my balls if I lose you though."

I shrugged. I hardly doubted Zia would give a fuck if something happened to me. That's what happens when you betray the woman you love. They have the right to stop giving a shit about you.

She didn't stop giving a shit about you. She needs time.

On the one hand, I understood that. Hell, I needed time after the shenanigans last night. But Zia walking away from me, backing off and shutting me out, it hurt. Even when I completely understood why.

Trace shrugged. "Fine. Let's go. I assume Zia told you no."

I nodded. "You guessed right. But you’re not going to tell me no."

Trace gave me a nod. “Nope, I’m not in love with you and hyper about your safety.”

I swallowed hard. “She doesn’t love me.”

Trace chuckled. “You’re an idiot. She’s just pissed off. For good reason.”

“Yeah, I got that loud and clear.”

But when we opened the door, someone unexpected was on the other side. "Alexi?" I recognized him from the basketball game. He was about my height, tousled dark hair, silver gray eyes.

He whistled low. "Yeah, well, Lex,” he corrected. “Christ, when Sebastian told me what was going on, I didn't believe him. But I suppose you could be either one of you and I wouldn't know."

I shrugged. "I'm Theo." I reached out to take his hand, and he shook it slowly.

"Ah, you're the one I liked."

I shook my head. "There's been a lot of that going on." I stepped back. "If you’re here to see him, you’re out of luck. He’s uh… unavailable."

Lex shook his head. "No, I was actually here to see you."

My brows lifted. "Really?"

He nodded. "Yeah. I was probably giving you more of a hard time than you deserved at the game, so I wanted to apologize. I mean, you know obviously Derrick is a bit of a prick, so a simple game came with baggage."

"Nah, man, it's cool. It was just a game, right?"

He chuckled and shook his head. He noted Trace in the corner and nodded at him. "Yeah, not exactly a game. When we were kids, Derrick was always a prick to me. So, I may have been all over his ass."

I grinned at that. "No problem. I get the sentiment."

He chuckled. "Yeah, well, you better. So,”—he narrowed his gaze at me—“what’s the deal? Plastic surgery? What?"

I rolled my shoulders. I supposed Sebastian hadn't told him everything. "It's a long story. But according to Derrick, we're twins."

Alexi's brows lifted. "So, Sebastian wasn't fucking kidding about that? But how?"

"I'm about to try and go fish those answers out now.”

Lex rocked back on his heels. “Do you want to grab a pint on the way in or on the way back or something?"

I shrugged. "Yeah, sure. Come along if you want."

It turned out Lex was pretty good company. He was mellow and relaxed. It was easy enough to just be around him, but the guy was ever watchful. He never missed a thing. Like he took it all in before he made any decisions. I liked that.

Trace drove us into the old town. He followed the GPS as he went on through some of the death-defying roads with narrow lanes that made it almost impossible to pass another car. When we arrived, I glanced around at the neat Dutch-style house. It was painted in shades of pale blue. And from the looks of it, the paint job was new.

I climbed out and glanced at Trace. "Any chance I can get you to go and get yourself a drink while I go in?"

Trace crossed his arms and lifted a brow. "Nah. Remember what I said earlier about Zia and my balls? I like my balls. My balls are cozy. I want to keep them. So, when you go in, I’ll stay right on you so I can tell Zia I never took my eyes off of you."

Lex grinned. "I'll hang out with your Kevin Costner guy."

Trace scowled at him, but Lex just kept grinning. I walked up the tiny stone walkway lined with jasmine. Who took care of the house when she was spending all week with Derrick?

A young woman in her late twenties pulled open the door, and she did a double-take. "Um, Mr. Arlington?"

I frowned. "Have we met?"

"Uh, yeah,” She crossed her arms over her chest. “I worked in the accounts payable department. We met once."

Ah, not me. Derrick. I nodded slowly. "Hello again, I'm so sorry I've forgotten your name."

"Nina. Nina Dominchyk. Sorry. Of course, you wouldn't remember. You have maybe tens of thousands of employees, but you certainly made an impression on me."

I winced. "I'm sorry if I was rude or inappropriate. Sometimes I'm not myself."

She shook her head. "No, you were very encouraging. Um, I'll get my aunt."

Ah, her aunt. I knew Elena hadn't said anything about having her own children.

When Elena came to the door, she startled for a moment. "Derrick?" She stumbled forward and then sighed. "Oh, Theo."

"I see you can tell us apart."

She tapped her nose. "That broken nose somehow makes you more ruggedly handsome, not nearly as pretty as your brother."

I sighed. There's that word again, brother. "Well, he's not so pretty now. We might end up with a matching set of noses after all." I rubbed the back of my neck. “Actually, I need to speak to you about him. I’m sorry to intrude on your weekend off, but can I come in? It’s important.”

She nodded. "Yes, of course. What’s wrong?"

I glanced back at Trace, who looked like a statue. Lex just waved.

"It’ll only take a minute. I was hoping you could give me some answers." I was pretty sure Team WI wanted to keep Derrick’s second vanishing on the downlow.

She nodded slowly. "I understand. You're allowed to have questions. I hope that I can answer some of them."

"For starters, I guess, how did you know?"

She smiled at me softly. "That you weren't Derrick? Well, it was easy. You looked a little different, but a bad night’s sleep could do that. It was how you treated me. You were always kind and warm. Always polite. Now, I raised that boy, but he was an untidy little prick sometimes."

I laughed. "Yeah, well, that seems about right. My father, how did it happen? How did you even find out?"

She hesitated. "Theo, I'm not sure if this is really the best course of action. Let sleeping dogs lie. You and your brother have reunited again. What does it matter?"

"It matters to me. I lost time with him. I’ve been lied to my whole life."

"Look, there is a series of texts from Brian, your father's VP. He paid off your mother to stay quiet. And she wouldn’t come after your father for money. Your father was more focused on the business then. Obviously, I wasn't there, so I don't know all the details, but your mother fought him. He threatened her. He only needed one of his sons, because at the end of the day, how was he going to pass off two sons when his wife was never pregnant?”

I frowned and shook my head. "How the hell did that work?"

"With enough money, you can hide anything. And let's be clear… Derrick's adoptive mother wanted her life to stay the same. She wanted money and access and privilege. But she was a little fragile. When Timothy insisted that she was going to go and get help for her anxiety, she agreed. And then he told her what was going to happen. She didn't really have any choice."

"What kind of life is that?"

"I don't know. I'm not sure I could have done it. Raise someone else's child, sure. I took care of my niece while she was growing up, but to try and convince everyone that she’d given birth and had gone away to do it… how horrible living with that lie. And it ate at her until she finally had a heart attack. She was so young, only forty-five."

I frowned at that. "You think the stress of it was too much?"

"Well, you know, secrets are never good."

"Is there anything else you can tell me? Anything at all?"

"Look, you're free to ask your father all these questions. When I would ask questions, he would remind me that I was just the housekeeper and he could send me back to Croatia at any time." She harrumphed. “Never mind I was already naturalized.”

I sighed. That sounded just like the asshole I’d grown to loathe. "I get it. I understand. Thank you for your time. I know this is probably inconvenient, but I’d like to put you on leave, paid, of course, until I can find out what in the world is happening with Derrick.”

She frowned. “But you need me.”

I schooled my smile. “Yes, but I’ve been taking up your time for long enough. You deserve a rest.”

“What am I supposed to do with all that free time?”

“How about a vacation?”

She shook her head. “Never really had time before.”

“Well, now you do. Oh, you know, I do have one more question. I remember you saying something about Derrick calling himself Theo."

She blinked several times. "Right, yeah. When you were little, we took a trip to New York and I went along because the nanny was unavailable. When your father insisted I let Derrick play with this woman and her child, I didn't really understand it. You boys were about the same age, about the same size. I remember Derrick being a little bit bigger. He was more toe-headed. Your hair went darker quicker, but at that age, so many babies look alike. And your mother just said that you'd had an allergic reaction to something. Your cheeks were really red. I didn't think anything of it. You were about a year and a half old. But he could say your name though, Theo. Theo. Derrick insisted we all call him Theo for a while after that. And even though he was just a baby, he held on to that name like it was a lifeline."

My heart squeezed. I knew I wasn't supposed to remember him, but still, I couldn't help but want to. He'd held on to some memory of me from a long time ago, and I had nothing.

"Elena, thank you."

She nodded. "Come back anytime, okay? Are you staying at the penthouse?”

"I'm not sure. I think I'll probably be headed home as soon as Derrick recovers."

She stepped forward and wrapped her arms around me, the top of her head coming to the center of my chest.

I hugged her back. "Thank you for looking after me."

"I never looked after you."

I didn't know why that hurt so much. “When I came here, you did. It's more important to me than you know."

She gave me a wide grin. "It was my pleasure."

I had hoped that she would have answers for me, but all I had were more questions. And the only people I could probably ever address them to were Timothy Arlington and my mother. And considering I had no idea what to say to her without losing my shit, getting answers from her was going to be difficult.





Sebastian…

I watched my beautiful wife as she angrily flicked her paintbrush onto the canvas, sending splatters everywhere. And then she stepped back and stared at it. Watching Penny paint was like a revelation. I could see how her brain worked. She was working with some blues and greens, and she was wearing the mask I got her. And true to form, she had some paint flecks on the straps of her dress. God, I loved her.

Then why are you about to stifle her?

Ugh, I wasn't looking forward to this conversation, but it was for her own good. She was eight months pregnant. She needed to put her feet up and rest.

"Either come over here and have your way with me or start talking about whatever is scaring you."

Jesus, the thought of bending her over, turning her around on her little stool, widening her legs, shoving up her dress… It was as if I hadn't already had her this morning. Ever since she'd hit her six-month mark, she'd been ridiculously horny. Practically jumping me at every moment. Not that I was complaining. Because as concerned as I was about the baby, I was still a guy, and she was gorgeous and resplendent. I couldn't keep my hands off her. It was weird, she looked the same. She was carrying all her pregnancy weight within her belly and her boobs. God, those tits.

I shook my head. Jesus, already with these reactions. "Len, you're not to distract me right now."

She turned around with a saucy smirk. "Ooh, today it's Len, which means you're horny."

I cleared my throat. She had a point, but that wasn't why I was there. "Sweetheart, can we talk about it?"

She shrugged and turned back around. "Talk about what? How wet I already am?"

Fuck. It didn't take much these days. Just a whiff of her perfume and I was ready to go. I was pretty sure this was not how men were supposed to be around their pregnant wives.

"Penny, enough. You're not going to distract me."

She put her paintbrush down and covered the canvas. "I hate that. I don't know what I'm thinking. My brain is scattered. Besides, I'd much rather paint than talk to my husband, who apparently is smuggling a sword in his pants."

I bit back a laugh. "Woman, you are seriously going to be the death of me."

She waddled over to me. From the look on her face, I could tell she thought it was to taunt her. It was so damn cute. And sure enough, when she got within a foot of me, I caught a whiff of her, and there was no way that sword in my pants was going away. Nope. It wanted to be sheathed inside her. Turned on her side, legs parting for me… yep, that's what I wanted.

That's not what we're here for.

No. I was here to deliver bad news. Focus man, and not on how great her tits look.

I dragged my gaze from her low-cut top to her face. That gorgeous face. The tawny, golden brown complexion, sparkling hazel eyes, and she'd changed her hair from her curly afro to braids. It made it easier to manage. I missed the curls though. "Penny, you're not going to do this to me."

She grinned, sliding a hand down my chest and over my abs. Fuck. She was absolutely going to do this to me, but I had to get out what I had to say first. Then if she still wanted to do it to me, I was going to let her, because well, I was horny. And she was my wife and I missed her already.

"We had it this morning."

When was this feeling going to go away? The desperate coiling need to have her and be with her all the time. It wasn't the way love was supposed to work, was it? I’d thought it would become this quiet, steady thing, but with Penny, it always felt like fire being chased by lightning.

"Fine, Sebastian, why don't you tell me what you're going to tell me?"

Her voice went husky. And I knew what she was doing, but I also wasn't going to stop her as her delicate fingers popped the button on my jeans and slid inside. Jesus Christ. I was going to die. I was going to die coming in my wife's hand. That was just how this was going to go. It was fine. I was okay with that.

I coughed. "Penelope."

"Oh, my." She tightened her hold around my base, and my eyes damn near crossed. "Tell me, my king, am I in trouble?"

I licked my lips and nodded slowly. "Yeah, big trouble. You really, really need to be punished."

I could hear the smile in her voice. I couldn't see it. My eyes were screwed shut. I was trying not to come in her hands. "Ooh, I do love it when you punish me. Tell me, are you going to use your fingers, your mouth, or maybe this instrument in here?"

My eyes crossed. "Penny, Jesus, I have to talk to you about something."

"So, talk."

I frowned, swallowed hard, and took a deep breath. I could do this. I could ignore the rush of fire on my spine. "Look, I'm not comfortable with you being involved in the whole Derrick-Theo situation. It's dangerous."

"Oh my God, we are in total agreement. I don't want you around it either. Derrick's on his own. Derrick is crazy, and he's always been a dick. Fantastic. Neither one of us wants the other one around it. Awesome. So, are we going to back down?" She asked sweetly.

I frowned. She was still doing that thing with her hand, taking her thumb and rubbing it over that sensitive spot right under the tip. Fuck. She had my number and she knew it. "Len, you know it's different for me."

"Why is it different, honey?"

A tickle of warning made the hairs at the back of my neck stand up. "It just is. You're pregnant."

"Yeah, something you did to me."

"I recall you being there too. ’Oh, Sebastian. Oh my God, right there. Right there,’” I mimicked her. "Or that wasn't you?"

She scowled at me and tightened her hold on my dick.

I coughed. "Fuck. Okay, sorry. Yes, I knocked you up. And I'm very proud of it, mind you."

"I'm proud of it too. But just because I'm pregnant doesn't mean I have to sit around and put my feet up and chew on my thumbs."

"That's exactly what it means, sweetheart. I have the impression the whole Derrick-Theo thing is going to get a whole lot messier before we sort it out."

"Sebastian, how can we keep having these conversations?"

"Because you refuse to do the rational, reasonable thing. Before you hit six months and weren't really showing, yeah. Sure, great. Be in the field. But now, you're about to tip over."

"I will point out," she said, still stroking me because she was diabolical.

And you love her for it.

"I will point out that there are women who run marathons at nine months pregnant."

"Are you one of them? I don't remember the last time you ran a marathon."

"That is beside the point. The point is I could if I wanted to. The doctor said all physical activity is perfectly normal for me at this stage. Why do you think you know more than the doctor?"

"Jesus, Penny... fuck." I had to steady myself on one of her work desks because the urge to argue with her was warring with the urge to fuck her. And I was in trouble trying to point out one good reason. I had to use my rational voice, because if I pissed her off, it was going to be cold war in the palace. "Look, baby, I know. Serena Williams was three months pregnant and won in the open. I get it. I'm just saying you're showing a lot. You can't see your feet."

"I will have you know I can see my feet just fine."

I lifted a brow and crossed my arms. Yeah, this was helping. If I kept my gaze on her eyes, I could get nearly as— Oh, no. I was still horny. Especially when she tightened her hold on my base and stroked slowly to the tip. I blew out a long breath. "What color of shoes are you wearing?"

"Oh, black."

I shook my head. "You're very cute. You think your shoes are black."

She frowned. "Aren't they?"

I laughed. "No, they're not. Come on. No more fieldwork. No more throwing yourself into dangerous situations."

"Look, I get it. You're worried. I'm okay. I know that when this baby comes, the baby is getting all of my attention. And I won't be able to really return to work even if I happily won't want to in that way, because I'll have a little you to love. I know that I'm going to lose a good chunk of who I am, and I'm terrified of that. I don't want to lose that part of myself, so I want to hold on to it as long as I can. Giving it up when we have the baby, that makes sense. At least giving up some of it. Not that my mother fully did, but I'll be raising a little prince or princess."

"You're still not going to let us find out the sex?" I groaned. I wasn’t good with being patient.

She frowned at me. "No, that ruins it. But listen, I just want to do what I can while I still can."

"I understand, and I support that, but you can't put yourself in danger."

"I promise I'm not going to go running after any perpetrators, but I do want to still be able to do what I'm good at. Team Winston Isles support staff, that's my jam. It's not like I'm on patrol with the Royal Guard on a nightly basis. You have to recognize that you're being overprotective."

"I am. But that is my baby. And you're my wife. It's my entire job to look after the both of you."

"Well, it's my job to also take care of you and this baby. And I have to have my job to be able to do that."

"You don't need your job."

She lifted a brow and started to draw her hand back. "Say what?"

I winced and then gripped her retreating hand. "Shit, sorry. I didn't mean it like that."

"Then how did you mean it, Sebastian?"

Fuck. What was I supposed to say? Yes, sometimes I was old-fashioned. But I knew her. I knew how important her job was to her, how important being a member of the Royal Guard was. So I was working to not stifle her too much. But she was pregnant, goddamn it. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that."

"Yes, you did."

"No, I didn't. Look, all I mean is that you're eight months pregnant, my love. You have to take it easy."

"As soon as you bring me a note ordering me to take it easy from my doctor and not some hack that you find running around the island, then I'll take it easy, okay?"

I opened my mouth to argue and then snapped it shut. Fuck. No way was her doctor going to bench her. I'd already tried that tactic.

"How about surveillance fieldwork only?"

She frowned. "That sucks. I want to do fun stuff."

"Penny, you're being irrational."

She tried to remove her hand again, but I held it right where it was. I wanted her skin on mine. We were about to have a big argument, and I really didn't want that.

"Okay, look, I'm messing this up. I just want you safe. Can I get you to take more precautions if you're in the field? More guards? Sitting down, no running. Would that work?"

She frowned for a long moment but then nodded. "Yeah, fine. I'll be more careful."

"Let's maybe cap it in the next two weeks, yeah? We're getting really close."

She sighed and nodded solemnly. "Yeah. I have two more weeks, and then I slide into mommyhood."

"You're going to be the best mom."

"Yeah. Let's just hope I get to teach her all about superheroes."

It was going to be impossible keeping her out of the action. But I would absolutely have to do it.





9





Derrick…





The king was pissed off.

Hell, I was pissed way the hell off. But I didn't give a shit. Somebody had snatched me weeks ago, and while Royale Elite might be very good at their bodyguarding gig, they had a morality code. A code I didn’t necessarily seem to be afflicted with. I wanted answers, and I was going to get them any way I could.

I waited in the dark. I knew Brian Cohen's vices. After all, he'd been my father's best friend for years. I'd called him ‘Uncle’ Brian. I'd also discovered that he was once in love with my mother. Since he had a soft spot for her, I was going to milk him for everything he knew. If my father was behind my abduction, he would tell me.

Brian fumbled his keys as a tall brunette behind him wrapped her arms over his shoulders. "Come on, Brian, open the door. Let's go inside."

His voice wavered only slightly. "Yeah, I’m working on it."

Oh, poor guy. I was going to ruin his night. Oh well.

When he finally got the door open, he and the model-looking girlfriend went in, and I slipped my hand around the edge of the door before he could close it. His eyes went wide, and he staggered back a little. "Derrick? What are you doing here? Everything okay?"

The brunette behind him slid her gaze over my body, pausing on my shoulders, my abs, and then my groin. Nice.

"Sorry, Brian. What I need to talk to you about, she can't be here for."

He frowned slightly. "Are you okay? You seem different."

"Do I?"

I'd had my hair cut and shaved my beard to match Theo’s appearance as he'd done the same to match me a few weeks ago. Most of the swelling on my face had gone down, and I’d covered the bruises with the makeup I'd had the nurse get for me. I should have looked just like him.

Or maybe he was on to me, but I shrugged off the thought. "Yeah, I'm good. Sorry, honey, you have to go."

She pouted. "Why? I just got here."

I gave her a saucy grin. "Now, I know you're eyeing me as if I could be a potential option, because if you can get the young guy, why have the old one, right? But that would be a mistake. He's practically my uncle. So that makes me completely unattracted to you. You're out of luck."

She scowled then. "You're a dick."

"You are not the first person to call me that, surprisingly. Go."

Brian sighed when she clamored to the door, teetering on her heels. "Seriously Derrick, why do you have to do that?"

"What, like you were going to keep her?"

He sighed and shook his head. "No, but still."

"Sorry. I need some information."

"What? You're the CEO; you can get whatever information you need."

"No, not about the company. Information on Dad. I need to know about his comings and goings, his movements."

He rolled his eyes. "Jesus Christ, are we doing this again? I don't know. For the last month or so, you’ve seemed better, less obsessed that he's up to something, but I see you're back to it."

"It's important."

Brian rolled his neck. "Look, I've given you all the information I have. I've given you everything. You know who he's tight with on the board and who will vote with him. I've also given you everything you need so you can nullify his voting seat. Now, what else could you possibly want?"

"Something. Like black-box something. Any hints he's got ties to organized crime. Any suggestion that he knows the kind of people that beat the shit out of you for answers to questions you don't know."

Brian's eyes went wide. "Fuck. Do you think he knows people like that?"

"We both know he knows people like that. You don't get where he's been, with the rumors surrounding him, without getting your hands very, very dirty. And I'm going to prove it."

"But he wouldn't keep any of that kind of stuff on the servers. Nothing I would have access to."

"You’ve got to try. Find me something."

"Derrick, what the hell are you asking me?"

I shifted on my feet and then winced.

Brian noticed my discomfort and asked, "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, fine."

He narrowed his gaze and watched me closer. "Fuck, Derrick, what's going on with you?”

"Just get me what I need. You would know where to look, right? He's got to have a burn box, something. Some place he keeps all his dirty secrets where no one can find them."

"Do you think he'd trust me with things like that after what happened with your mother? Just tell me what's going on and why this is suddenly so urgent."

I held my ribs. They throbbed like they'd taken a kicking. Oh, what do you know, they had taken a kicking. "The reason things might seem off to you, Brian, is my twin brother Theo. He's been the one at the office for the last three weeks."

Brian's eyes went wide. "What?"

"Yeah. I found him like we talked about."

"What the fuck were you thinking?"

"What I was thinking was that I want to nail the old bastard, once and for all."

"By bringing your twin here?"

I nodded. "Yeah, but things backfired on me. I got pinched right before I could really put anything into play. Theo had to fly blind. Apparently, he did great. He made a plausible me, and no one was the wiser… not even you. But I mean, I couldn't put any of my plans in place. I have a feeling the old man was the one behind my kidnapping."

“Jesus, back to that again?”

"He's done it once before."

Brian shook his head. "You can't prove that."

"Fine, you're right. I can't prove it. But I'm close. So close. I need your help to finish him."

"This vendetta you have against your father has to stop. He's untouchable."

I ranted on him. "No one is untouchable. What? I'm supposed to walk away and pretend he didn't ruin my life? That he didn't pay people to kidnap me?"

"You don't know that."

"All right, let's go with what I do know. What I do know is he refused to pay the ransom. Even though insurance would have covered it. He was up for a vote, and he needed sympathy. So it was much better for him to have his son gone and make sure he stayed gone until after the vote. But then I escaped. Which worked in his favor too because all of those photos of us at last reunited. Now, are you going to help me or not, Brian?"

"I will, but does he know that you found Theo?"

"The old man? Not yet. But he will soon enough."

"What about your mother? Does she know?"

Derrick lifted his chin. "No. I certainly didn't tell her, and I don't think Theo did, either. And he just found out about our connection, so chances are he's still dealing with the repercussions."

"Do you have to be a nuclear bomb everywhere you go?"

"I learned from the very best. Now find me what I need."

I stormed out. I had a couple more places to go without the prying eyes of my cousins and their security forces watching over my shoulder. And then when I was ready, they'd find me exactly where I wanted them to. I'd had a lot of time to think about what my next steps were going to be while I was held captive. And as much as my cousin meant well, he would only get in my way.





Zia…

The run was supposed to do me good. It had been a while since I'd gotten a workout in. I was tight. Unfocused. Every step hurt.

I took the palace tunnels down to the beach. The cabana that used to be there a few months ago was almost completed. The workmen were at the painting stage. I knew it was Ariel and Tristan's favorite spot, but who knew if they'd ever be back down there? A crazy person trying to blow you up would act as a major deterrent.

All I had to do was focus on the music and get into my stride instead of focusing on my Theo problem. But I couldn't help it. My brain kept running back to that night we'd spent at my old apartment, entwined in each other's arms, whispering, and giggling, and making love. And then my brain kept running to how I'd woken up alone without his warm arms around me, not knowing if I was loved or not. Yeah, that sucked. But it was possibly even worse seeing him on that beach, not knowing if he was hurt, not understanding what was going on, and seeing betrayal in his eyes.

"Whoa. Flash, slow down."

I whipped around. I usually kept one ear bud out so I could be aware of my surroundings. I dragged in a sigh of relief when I saw it was Tamsin. "Hey."

"Jesus Christ, are you training to be the next Usain Bolt?"

"No. Just trying to run the demons out."

Her eyes went soft. "Oh, honey. I get it. You're worried. It'll work out."

I turned around and started running, assuming she would just join me, which she did.

"I’m just afraid I’m going to mess up the whole thing."

Tamsin chuckled. "Honey, we all mess up. I messed up a lot. But it doesn't mean you don't keep trying."

My phone vibrated in my pocket, and I cursed, praying I wasn't needed back at the palace just yet. Instead, it was the familiar text. Deedee. I supposed I could always count on my sister to need me.

Deedee: 911

I hit the off button, ignored it, and turned my music back on.

Tamsin slid me a smirk. "Ah, hurricane Deedee strikes again?"

"Yep. You know my sister. She cannot help herself."

"I thought you and Theo helped her move out of her place and she got a new roommate."

"Yeah, but I guessed that would only last a week. Hell, not even. It's only been a few days."

"Oh geez. Look, you have a lot to deal with right now. Maybe Deedee is the least of your worries."

I held up my phone. "That's why I didn't answer."

"And I am very proud of you because the old Zia would have answered it and then given Deedee whatever she wanted."

"You make it sound like I'm a shitty parent."

"You're not a shitty parent. You're just a good sister."

"You know what? I can't even focus on her right now. I just don't have the bandwidth."

"And I'm proud of you for knowing you don't have it. It's so easy to get caught up and think that you're just going to do everything for everyone and save the day."

"God, I wish I could ride in and save the day. My life would be so much easier."

"You can't fix everything."

"I know."

We ran in silence for a little bit, and then she broached the subject. "So, about Theo. What are you going to do?"

"I don't know. I just wish that I could go back to not knowing everything and live my life."

"Nah, this doesn't sound like you. The Zia I know, even when stuff is hard, wants to find the right solution, no matter how difficult it may be."

"I know. Can't that just be the old Zia?"

She laughed. "Nope. Only the one Zia here. Are you thinking about him?"

"Only every day."

"Do you think you'll be able to let it go?"

"I don't know. I really wish I did know. That I could just say for sure just one way or the other. But I don't. When I think about Theo, I keep seeing the Theo who was pretending, you know?"

She nodded. "I know, and I understand how disappointing it is. I know what it's like to leave someone for something they did. We all know what that's like. The question is what are you going to do with that information? Yeah, you were hurt by love once. But maybe you could cut him some slack. This is a completely different situation than before. Only you will know that though."

Yeah, this one I’d have to work out for myself. "Thanks. I just want there to be a magic solution, an answer, you know?"

Tamsin laughed. "We all want a magic solution, but that's not how it works. How it works is we bust our asses, we hope to make the right choices, and we do the best we can."

My phone buzzed again, and I groaned. When I glanced down, sure enough, it was Deedee.

Deedee: I know I said I had an emergency before, but this is really an emergency.

I waved my phone at Tamsin. "Yeah, maybe life isn't always exactly what I planned, but maybe it's not always so bad."

She grinned at me. "That's the spirit. Now, like I was saying, a good dick is hard to waste. Are you going to pretend that you don't want him? That you're not head over heels for him? Or are you going to forgive him? I vote to forgive, because your mopey face is killing my mojo."

I laughed. "I'm so sorry I'm killing your mojo."

"Hah, well, not everyone is perfect."

I laughed some more. And for the first time in a couple of days, I felt lighter. Like no matter what choice I made, I'd be okay. Like a broken heart wasn't going to kill me this time.





10





Zia…





Jesus.

I still couldn’t get Theo out of my head.

I’d given myself a whole pep talk, promised myself that I wasn't going to go there with him, and then one touch of my hand and there I was with his hands in my pants.

Idiot…horny idiot.

The run with Tamsin hadn’t helped either.

Now we were back at work and in the routine. Trace and Jax had been added as extra security. They stood out, but at that point, who gave a shit?

We needed to cover Theo and figure out where the real Derrick had gone. Someone at Arlington Tech could be behind it. Our time was short, because once we walked into those offices, anyone there who was behind Derrick's kidnapping would either instantly know that Theo was the double or wonder if they had the double instead. So I was going to have to do my real job, which was to cover his ass, not watch it.

But it's so nice though.

Nope. I’d spent enough time fucking around.

I‘d spent enough time fucking him.

I needed to get my head in the game, or somebody was going to die.

We marched in together as always. Olivia did a double take when she saw me with him and then rolled her eyes. She muttered something under her breath, but I couldn't tell what it was. And knowing her, it wasn't anything I wanted to hear.

Theo stopped right in front of her desk. "How many board members are in attendance for today's meeting?"

Her gaze flickered to me. "Uh, all of them."

"None of them have had their representative call in?"

She shook her head. "No. Everyone is here."

He nodded and then adjusted the button on his suit. From what he and Derrick had shared with us, he was supposed to be done now. He was supposed to walk away and be free. So how was he feeling now that he was stuck here? Stuck with me?

The question is how are you feeling?

None of that mattered. My job was the priority now.

I doubted this felt anything like freedom to him.

I stopped at his office door and kept my voice low. "From now on, you go nowhere without us. Trace is outside the main door in the hall. Even to go to the bathroom, you get an escort, do you understand?"

His gaze searched mine. "Yeah, I understand."

Things between us were different. He wasn't fighting me. He wasn't protecting a secret. He knew that I was there to protect him and that I knew the secret, so there was nothing to hide anymore.

No more clandestine meetings. No more hiding the truth. I should have been happy, but I wasn't. Because it felt like we were staring at each other across an expanse that couldn't be breached. And I felt all alone.

Twenty minutes later when we were headed down to the board meeting, I didn't even bother with my laptop. I wasn't keeping up the pretense anymore. Sure, I could feign the assistant title, but I didn't need my hands encumbered with things.

Besides, I knew there would be notepads and pens provided in case anyone had something they needed to write down. But I wasn't involved in the communication, so it was done for me.

When I reached the main conference door, I watched him. "I'll stay out here if you want."

He shook his head. "I don't know what's going to happen right now. With Derrick gone, I just have to be him. I need to figure out on the fly what to do about the deal."

"Basically, you have to stall."

He nodded. "Yep. It feels awesome."

"You'll be fine."

"Sure, I will."

We both walked into the meeting room. Some of the board members were surprised to see him.

But I'd seen him with them before. He'd talked them into waiting, walked them through the reasons why, and he had been excellent. Outstanding. Maybe he just needed to work some magic again.

But something about the way he held his shoulders told me that wasn't exactly how this meeting was going to go. As soon as he took his seat at the head of the table, his father barged in and made his way to his spot in the corner of the room. I immediately palmed my weapon. Theo gave me a slight shake of his head, letting me know that he had it under control. From the other room, Trace spoke into his comms.

"Everything okay?"

I tapped my earpiece twice, just to let him know all was good. I just hoped that was the truth.

Timothy Arlington said, "You've lost your fucking mind."

Theo was cool as a cucumber. "Have I?"

"You were planning to hold a board meeting without me?"

"I am the CEO. I can call the board to meet whenever I need. You're a non-voting member, so why are you here?"

"I know what you're doing. I might be a non-voting member, but I still carry influence with this board."

Theo glanced around and noted the members of the board who had the good grace to look uncomfortable with the conversation being had. "Are you sure about that?"

"What the hell has gotten into you? That deal with Inline is everything to this company."

"Then what's the problem with waiting? Yes, we had timelines, but we're perfectly within them. Another couple of weeks to finish the due diligence won't hurt, and we shouldn’t rush it." Theo glanced around at the board. "I know I said we'd have the opportunity to vote on it again today, but some board members still don't understand. You can do what you like, but know that if we do this, if we move this forward, we put all of our investments, our shareholders, and this entire company at stake."

Timothy Arlington blustered. "You don't know what the hell you're talking about."

Theo remained calm. "Maybe I don't. I'm willing to be wrong. I've been wrong before. But the point is, all I'm asking for is time. How much money do you think you'll lose if this doesn't go as planned?"

Arlington went pale then. "Are you suggesting that we do something that's not in line with this company's values?"

"What I'm suggesting is you always choose what's best for you. Now if you don't mind, we have a meeting to conduct. You can either sit down and shut the fuck up, or you can get out. Those are your options. Pick one."

If I thought he was hot last time he and his father had gotten into it, today there was just something more. I didn't even think that he realized it. He might not be Derrick Arlington, but he was damn near close. He was decisive, in charge, completely Alpha. He had zero fucks left to give, and he wasn't screwing around, and it was sexy.

I thought you weren't going to think about him and sex.

I wasn't. Not at all. Just saying his demeanor was sexy.

Liar.

I was a liar. But either way, I wasn't going to jeopardize my job anymore. The disappointment on Ariel's face wasn't worth it. It wasn't worth me risking everything for someone I barely knew. Hell, I'd only found out his last name a couple days ago. He and I, that wasn't real. What was real was my job and how I handled it.

The board took their vote while Theo sat back, finger on his chin gently rubbing, looking every bit the CEO. Nonplussed, cool, in control. It wasn't until the vote was finished that I could see the tension roll off of his shoulders. They voted to postpone.

And Timothy Arlington exploded. "You listen here boy, you are driving this company into the ground."

Brian Cohen stood. "Timothy, relax. Let's just get some air."

But Theo stood up. "No. Obviously, my father has some opinions and some things to say. Dad, I propose a meeting. You and me. Tonight."

"You just fucked my whole company."

"Correction, my company. And it's not fucked. We're just choosing caution. Choosing to protect our shareholders."

Several members looked deeply uncomfortable as they shifted in their seats, not sure if a fistfight was going to break out.

Theo continued. "If we meet tonight, we have to settle this. I don't want any more outbursts from you. Do you understand?"

"You're dictating to me in my board room?"

"Again, my board room. You and I, we'll discuss this, and it's done. Do you agree?"

Brian's gaze flickered between the two of them and then to me, as if I somehow controlled Theo. I just shrugged.

I didn't think Arlington would do it, and honestly, I didn't know what Theo's play was. But I'd find out sooner or later.

Arlington glowered at him then glanced around at the board. "All of you there," he pointed at each one of them, "mark my words, you will regret following him."

And then he stormed out.

When the meeting was over, I followed Theo back upstairs to his office. At the doorway, I asked, "Are you sure meeting with him is a good idea?"

"All I know is that I need to get my life back, so I'm taking the path of least resistance, or the fastest path." He brushed past me, and my breath hitched.

He leaned in. God I was so done if he kissed me again. I’d just give him whatever he wanted at that point. I swayed closer, and he groaned low but then backed away, seeming to shake it off before taking his seat.

I swallowed and tried to focus on what he’d said. "You're going to confront him? You're going to tell him that you're not Derrick?"

He nodded. "Right now, he looks like the prime suspect. But there are several things he said to me that make me think he doesn’t know I'm not Derrick. So, once and for all, I'm just going to hash it out. Besides, I have some questions for him."

I nodded. "I get that. But this is a risk. We need the rest of the team."

"Then get the rest of the team, because I'm finding out these answers tonight."





Theo…

"I don't understand why you guys are telling me now.” Ariel’s voice was clipped.

She was on the phone on a conference call along with the rest of Royal Elite and Sebastian. Trace and Zia were in my office.

"It's a security risk,” Zia added. “We don't know how he's going to respond. It's a public place, and we don't control everything. And it's an open-air scenario, so we need to try and control for snipers, air strikes, any unknowns."

I stared at Zia. "Air strikes?" She only shrugged.

Trace didn't look at all surprised. On the phone, however, Ariel exercised some caution. "Okay, let's relax. I don't think there will be air strikes. But my team is rightfully concerned. It's not the wisest course of action. And to confront him so publicly..."

I frowned and sat forward. "That's even better. He can't touch me. He can’t attack me in a roomful of people. A roomful of witnesses."

Zia crossed her arms. "A roomful of witnesses where we don't know who's on his side and who's on yours. It's risky. And an unnecessary one at that."

I knew that she wasn't in the mood. Likely pissed I hadn't discussed it with her.

“The team can cover me, right? The risk is minimal." They all needed to understand that this was happening whether they liked it or not. It was my risk to take, and I was going to do it.

"I prefer not to risk our clients unless we have to," Ariel interjected.

"Sebastian, help me out."

I figured he wanted me out of his hair as soon as possible, so I was counting on him voting for my plan.

However, his voice was measured. "I don't know."

I frowned. "What do you mean you don't know?"

"Look, you’re taking a big risk. Is it worth it? I honestly don't know that. But the deed is done. We could back out, but there is a part of me that thinks you're right. We have to see how far he's willing to go. If Arlington is behind this, then we’ll know and act accordingly. Being in the dark doesn't help us at all."

Ariel cursed under her breath then muttered, "Is this a direct order?"

Sebastian chuckled low. "How about I defer to your actual client on this one?"

My gaze lifted to Zia's, and hers bored into mine. She hated this plan. "If it's up to me, I'm meeting him. And I’ll do what it takes to get answers."

Everyone cursed under their breath. But I'd made the call, so they were going to follow through.

Zia glowered, but she would comply.

Ariel sighed. "All right, if we’re doing this madness, Trace, I need you to map out the route. Get us a couple of decoy cars. Let's activate the new recruits. At the very least, they could drive the decoys. And Theo, you're leaving from the palace. It's the best way to get you covered because he at least won't know. Although, if he has people in the palace, there's no plan for that.”

Trace nodded. "Yup, you got it."

I acquiesced to that. "Yeah, it's fine. If he's behind this, he knows I'm not staying at the penthouse anyway."

As we all made the plans for that night's Hail Mary, Zia just continued to glare at me. After Trace left and we'd ended the call, I stood. "You have something to say?"

"What the hell is wrong with you? My only job is to keep you alive. You lied to me for weeks to keep your secret, and now you're just going to confront our prime suspect?"

I shook my head. "Things are different now. Arlington has vanished, again. he seems to think we're twins. It's a whole fucked-up scenario. If we are twins, that means the elder Arlington took him when he was a baby. He has things to answer for. You can't deny me getting those answers."

"I'm not denying you anything, but I'm asking you to be smart. This is reckless. You're trying to get yourself killed, and it's my job to keep you alive."

"I'm still alive. You've done a great job."

"Don't be an asshole."

"According to you, I don't know how not to be." The familiar anger and zinging tension crackled between us.

She shook her head. "I don't even know why I'm fighting you on this. But you're hell-bent on getting dead. That'll look bad on my record."

I narrowed my gaze and leaned into her. "Is that what this is really about? You’re worrying about looking bad at your job?"

"For once, can you think of someone other than yourself?" The pitch of her voice went high and reedy. She was scared.

Yeah you idiot, she cares about you. She’s just mad.

"Or…" I leaned forward. "Or, maybe you're worried about me?"

Her eyes flared up. "Oh my God, you think this is because, what, I'm going to miss my booty call? No. All I care about now is keeping you alive. That's the job I was given. Why you're hell-bent on making me look bad at what I'm supposed to do, I will never know."

I had her. We both knew it. "It's okay. You can be worried. I'm worried."

"No, you're not. You clearly haven't thought this through. What will happen if he finds out? What happens then? He’ll know that you're not Derrick and that he’s been found out. This is going to blow up in your face."

"I've thought about that. But if I'm not Derrick and he decides to blow the whistle, I'll tell him who Derrick thinks I am. Then he's going to have to account for a twin son."

She shook her head. "Why are you trying to get yourself killed?"

"I'm not trying to get myself killed. I just want my fucking life back."

Her lips pursed. "Right. Of course, I want you to have that. Your old life."

Shit.

"You know, I don't mean it like that. When they tried to kidnap me the first time, they threatened my mother. The second time, there was a threat on you. I want to be able to make decisions for myself, based on what I want and not because of some deal I made with the devil."

She gave me a brisk nod. "No. I get it."

She didn't look like she got it. "Fuck. Zia, why can't you see I need to fucking fix this?"

"No. Fix it. I agree. I'd rather people didn't shoot at my clients. But maybe you don't have to put yourself in danger to fix it."

"It's done, Zia. This is the plan."

"Jesus Christ. All right. Well, it's going to be one hell of an I-told-you-so."

I watched her saunter out, and I prayed she was wrong. I was also grateful she was trying to look out for me. And maybe I'd been a little hasty. But this had to be over. The charade had gone on long enough. I was tired of living on the edge of danger and worrying about the cost of not knowing what was going to happen to my family. If Arlington was behind it, I needed to know. I needed to neutralize him.

And if he's not?

If he wasn't, then she had a point. I was likely exposing myself. But it was a risk I had to take. One thing I did need to do, though, was call home again. Kyle answered right away. "You want to tell me what the fuck is going on?"

"Everything okay?"

"Yeah, the old bird is fine. Last night she told me that if I was less of a dick I'd get more pussy."

I coughed. "Did she actually say pussy?"

Kyle laughed. "You've met your mother. What do you think?"

I groaned. "Oh God, never mind. Sorry, I asked. Is she okay?"

"Yeah, she's fine. What the hell about you?"

"It's bad. Derrick Arlington vanished yesterday morning."

Kyle cursed under his breath. "What the fuck? You think he did a runner?"

"That’s my first guess as he seems to have willingly vanished into thin air, but it’s possible someone took him again."

Kyle's next curse was inventive. "Zia okay?"

My gaze slid toward the door. How the hell did I define okay? "She's fine. Pissed off, but fine."

"You guys get a chance to talk about the whole 'hey, sorry I lied to you' thing?"

"Yeah, that's a work in progress. But right now she's mad that I'm putting myself in danger."

Kyle was silent for a beat. "How are you putting yourself in danger? Wasn't Derrick already taken?"

"Yeah, about that..." I quickly filled him in on the plan.

"Are you out of your fucking mind? Seriously, what the hell is wrong with you?"

"Nothing is wrong with me. I just want this to be over."

"By exposing yourself?"

"I'm not exposing myself. I'm just going to ask him a direct question."

"Look, I get it. You want answers about the whole 'hey, am I his twin' shit, but come on. This is not the way to get it. This is just going to poke the bear. Don’t you think he knows something is up?"

"The thing is, I don't think he does. It's just a hunch, but from some things that he said, I think he believes I'm Derrick."

"Or he's a better actor than you are."

"I hadn't considered that. Look, I just have to do this."

"You're an idiot, you know that?"

"Thanks for the vote of confidence."

"Look, I get why you're doing it. You want some semblance of a normal life. I'm here for it. But there's got to be a safer way of doing it."

"You sound like Zia."

"Yeah, well, maybe your bodyguard doesn’t want to see you dead."

"You don’t want to see that happen. Her, I'm not so sure about. Somehow I get the impression she wouldn't mind me dead."

"Would, you blame her?" he asked.

"Shut up."

He chuckled low. "Well, sorry if the truth irritates. You're being an idiot. But I also know once you make a decision, whether it's good or bad for you, you're going to stick with it."

"Yeah, I am."

"Fine. Should I get your mother the hell out of Dodge? Because I get the impression someone is coming for her if this goes wrong."

"I don't know. Blake Security is on the case, and I know they know how to protect her. At least that’s what Sebastian says."

Kyle was silent for a moment. "Look, I don't know what to say about all this, but if someone comes and tries to hurt your mom, I'd put my money on these Blake Security guys. They look mean as fuck. They’re also stupidly pretty. They're the kind of motherfuckers we would see in magazines and insist they had little dicks."

"For real?"

"Yeah, man. This morning, one of the dudes rolled up to introduce me to the rotating guards on duty, and he was literally too pretty to stare at."

"Have you seen them following you and Mom?"

"No, actually. But every now and again, I get a taste of the heebie-jeebies. Like someone's put a rifle on my back."

"Jesus."

"Yeah. Every night, one of them comes by, secures the place, makes sure that nothing's there that shouldn't be there. But it’s a different guy every day. Your mother has been drooling, and so has your aunt. It's really quite disgusting the way they objectify these guys."

I choked down a laugh. "They can't be that good looking."

"They’ve had your mother taking selfies. Every time someone new shows up at the house, she insists on one. There was one kid, though, who wouldn't take a selfie. British accent. Looks mean as fuck. Him, your mother just wanted to take care of. She's been trying to feed him. Tells him he just needs a mother's love. It's crazy."

"Well, as long as you're being protected."

There was another beat of silence. "Do you want to talk to her?"

My immediate answer was yes, but then it was quickly followed by the 'oh hey, she lied to you for years' thought, and so I declined. "Nah, I just wanted to make sure that you guys were okay."

Kyle's voice was soft on the other end. "Look, I get it. She kept it from you. I understand. But she's still your mom, and she's sick, so maybe we speed up this whole 'what the fuck and I'm sorry' process. I'd hate for you to be carrying a grudge for any length of time against her."

I hated that he had a point. "Yeah, I'll work on it. All right call me if anything comes up. I'll check in later."

"Yup. I got this all covered here. I don't need the model bodyguard agency, honestly. I’ve got this covered."

"I'm afraid it wasn't a suggestion. As soon as I know what's up with the old man, I'll call you." I said my goodbyes, hung up the phone, and pinched the bridge of my nose. Jesus Christ, I just hoped I knew what the fuck I was doing.





11





Zia…





As Trace and I prepared for the night, I cleaned and double checked my weapons. If that idiot was going to insist on doing something stupid, the least I could do was be hyper-prepared.

And scared.

I shoved the fear down. I couldn’t let feelings into this scenario. I had to do my job.

Trace also checked his weapons. "So, I take it you're not thrilled about his choice?"

I scowled up at him. "No, I'm not. He's an idiot."

Trace held up his hand. "Whoa, sorry, I asked."

I sighed. "Shit, I'm sorry. I just—why is he being so hasty? Arlington is suspicious as fuck. This is a bad idea that we’ve got going on here. We've got the front exit, the back exit, and a side exit into a darkened alleyway that leads to the path down at the beach. We could lose him anywhere. We've only got you, me, Jax, and Ariel available."

Trace shook his head. "We've also got Roone and Penny. And the new recruits are watching the front and back exits. You need to rely on your team."

I whipped around to face him. "Wait, did you say Penny’s coming?"

He chuckled. "Yeah, she heard there was something going down and wanted to join us. She’ll just be on surveillance at the bar though."

"She is eight months pregnant."

Trace nodded. "Yeah, but have you ever tried to tell the queen no?"

"Oh my God, Sebastian must be beside himself."

Trace chuckled. "Um, I think that's probably accurate."

I strapped up, putting one gun in my back holster that I covered with a blazer and then one in my ankle holster which was covered by my boot. Then, of course, there was one in my skirt pocket. It was funny, because I don't normally wear skirts, but I was really digging this whole 'look the part' thing, and pockets made it easy to stash ammo.

As Trace armed up, his gaze flickered over me. "So, you and the billionaire, huh?"

"He's no billionaire," I muttered.

"Ah, semantics, but you two are a thing?"

"No, we're not."

My partner for the day chuckled under his breath. "Are you sure about that? Because the way you're acting screams someone who’s in love."

Jesus Christ, that word. "I don't love him. We are not a thing."

Trace nodded slowly. "But you were a thing. Let me guess, you found out he was lying and now you're bent out of shape."

"That's not why I'm bent out of shape right now. Right now, that idiot is trying to get himself killed."

"You're not wrong. He is trying to get himself killed. But he's also trying to get his life back."

His old life…without you. "Whatever, I don't care. I have a job to do, and that's to protect him. He's making that job difficult, so I'm irritated about it."

"Okay, if you say so."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean? Don't tell me you're giving me love advice?"

"I know a thing or two about love."

"Oh, yeah? Then how about you? What's going on with your dating life? Answer this truthfully because I have ways of getting to the truth."

His gaze narrowed at me, and I could tell he wanted to ask if Tamsin had said anything. But he didn't. "We're not talking about my life. We're talking about yours. Does he know?"

"There's nothing to know."

Trace rolled his eyes. "Okay, if you say so. The thing is, you can be mad at him all you want. Sure, he did lie. Hell, I understand why you would give him the hairy eyeball. You feel betrayed, and that's totally normal. But when you love someone, you should say it. And fuck what anyone else has to say about the whole situation because you don't get a lot of chances at that thing."

"I don't love him."

"You might."

"Jesus Christ. The last thing I need is to fall in love with someone who is not only an exceptionally skilled liar but who is also hell bent on leaving. And let’s not forget that he seems to have a death wish." I sighed and shook my head. "It’s just too complicated."

"Things get complicated sometimes. I understand being upset about the betrayal. But now that I know the truth, some of the things he did and said make a lot more sense. But around you, he was always a better version of himself."

I shrugged. I didn’t want to hear this.

"The point is, it seems like he had his reasons. The whole twin situation, it sounds like a lot."

I sighed and muttered, "I can't even imagine."

"Maybe you need to cut him some slack."

"Well, even if I did, it would be a moot point because currently, he's trying to get himself killed."

"Wouldn’t you want your life back? If you thought someone might have the answers and could just give them to you, wouldn't you want that?"

"Whose side are you on, anyway?"

He chuckled low. "I am not on any side. I'm interested in no one getting dead, and you're emotional right now, so you need to tuck it away and focus."

"I know. I just... why would he do this? I finally learned the truth, and then he just decides unilaterally he's going to do this stupid thing. It's like now that I know the truth he has to do something else to make sure we never get together."

"I doubt he's seeing it like that. And honestly, he might be thinking that as soon as all this shit is cleared up then he could be with you, if that's what you want."

"I don't want that."

He shrugged. "Then none of this matters, does it?"

I scowled at him. "I don't think I like you."

He grinned. "You know, you're not the first person this week to tell me that."

I sighed. "P.S. Whatever you and Tamsin have going on, don't hurt her, okay?"

His brows drew down. "Hurting her is the last thing I want. Shit’s complicated."

"I get it. That word gets used a lot around me."

"I know, it’s just... with my sister, it's not just me. I’ve got to think about her. And she does need me. She was messed up, you know? When my parents died… Well, she needs a lot of my attention."

"I know. And I get that. She should be your priority. I'm just saying you don't have to be a complete monk."

“Can we turn this conversation back to you now? All this talking about myself is getting me hot.”

I rolled my eyes. "I just need to do a good job, you know? I feel like I already fucked up once."

He nodded. "Listen, even if Ariel was pissed when she found out, it's not about you, specifically. It's more about the fact that she doesn't like getting caught unaware. Give her time. She'll come around."

"I'm not sure about that."

"Come on, let's get ready to do this. One way or another, we'll finally have some answers."

And that was what I was hoping for. I just hoped those answers didn’t leave me alone and pining.

No, we're not pining. We don't pine.

Why did I feel this way about him? Why couldn't I let it go?

Because you love him.

No. That was pretty damn inconvenient. I didn’t want those feelings.

Want or not, they're here. What are you going to do about them?

I still had a lot of anger and confusion over Theo’s betrayal. But I wanted to believe that he cared about me the way he said he did. The way he showed me. I wanted that to be real.

Trace finished with his body armor and glanced at me. "Are you ready to do this?"

"Yeah. I guess so. Let's go and try not to get my client killed."

He chuckled then. "Well, that's why we're the badass bodyguards. I'm sure it's going to be fun. Let’s do this."

I had no choice. I had to do it.





Theo…

My damn palms were sweaty. I was agitated and nervous, and God, I hoped to Christ this was the right thing to do. I was taking a gamble. What would happen to my family? What would happen to Zia?

I knew exactly where every single one of the Royal Elite team was. I had also spotted Queen Penny enjoying a lovely drink at the bar with Jinx. I was surprised to see that Sebastian hadn’t insisted she have a forty-team Royal Guard accompany her.

When Timothy Arlington entered, my gut knotted. Jesus Christ, here we go.

When he saw me, he headed straight over to the bar overlooking the water. I gave him a nod of my head. "I'd offer you cognac, but I don't actually care enough about what you want."

He glowered at me as he sat. "So, remind me why we’re doing this again?"

I shook my head. "We're doing this because I can't keep fighting with you in the office. It's bad for morale. It's not a good look. We can't be at each other's throats."

"Well, that's easy to solve. All you have to do is step down. You as CEO is bad. Bad for me. Bad for the company. We'll put Brian in your place."

I took a sip of cognac and shook my head. "See, that's the thing. No."

Arlington's brows drew up. He leaned forward searching my gaze. "What the fuck has gotten into you? Six months ago, you didn't give a shit what happened to the company. You didn't care. You went along to get along. You didn't give a shit. Since you were a kid, you've been burning through my money. Don't pretend like you care now what the hell happens to this company or how you get it."

"I do care."

"For fuck's sake, why? For four years, I tried to get you to take an interest. I promised you a kingdom, tried to put you at the helm, but you didn't want it. You were too focused on hating me."

I ground my teeth together. I’d only seen a brief glimpse of the relationship he had with Derrick. And after spending some time with Derrick, I knew his view wasn’t altogether exaggerated. But the animosity in my voice was a result of how he’d treated me since I’d arrived.

"Tell me, why is it you think I hate you, anyway?"

"You never fucking grew up. You've always whined that you wanted your own thing. You believe, erroneously I might add, that I stifled you. You have always whined that you weren't loved enough, I didn't spend enough time with you, blah, blah, blah. You have always been spiteful. From the time you could talk, you were resentful. Ungrateful. Not once did you take into account the sacrifices I made."

I couldn’t help it. Holding my tongue wasn't really an option any more. "Oh my God, sacrifices? Does that include switching out one son for another?"

Shit. The words had just tripped off of my tongue, but still, I couldn't sit there and take it any longer.

He frowned. "What the hell are you talking about? Are you starting this again? That whole episode in your teens where you insisted that you were adopted, that I wasn't your real father, and that you hated me? Then you went off and created your own goddamn app. And the worst part was, the app was actually useful, worth something. But all those brains and you couldn't fucking get it together. All that power you had in your head, and you used that to hate me."

"Did you even hear what I said?"

Arlington frowned.

"Let me reiterate. Do you even know that I'm not him?" I paused to watch his face, but his expression remained impassive. “Why did you choose him and not me? I mean, as kids go, we were pretty much identical to hear him tell the tale. You know, I can't even bring myself to talk to my own mother. I can't bring myself to think about her. I've known you less than a month, and even I hate you. My life was neat and orderly before I met you. And now I'm staring at the father I've wanted my whole damn life only to find him sorely lacking."

Arlington only stared at me.

I sucked in a deep breath. "Lacking not because of any long-standing history, but because of your utter disdain for me. I mean, technically, Derrick. But I can feel it. And the disdain you have for him, I'm taking upon myself."

He frowned as he studied me closely, his dark gaze scanning over mine. Then he shook his head in disbelief. "No."

I nodded. "Yeah. Take a good look. This is the truth."

He shook his head again and scrubbed a hand over his face. "No. No. Stop it. All your life, you've been trying to do this. I'm not buying this one. I don't know what drugs you're on now or what you think you know, but you don't know anything."

I leaned forward then, placing my arm on top of the table. "My name is Theo James Coleman. According to your son, Derrick Arlington, we are twins. He hired me to be his double over the last month to see through the final stages of the merger with Inline Tech and the acquisition vote." I sucked in another breath. "For the last month or so, you've been talking to me. Your hatred, your disdain, it was palpable. What I want to know is if you're responsible for Derrick's kidnapping. If you are, now is the time to tell me. Ask for what you want and get it over with. I'm fucking sick and tired of the games. I'm not playing anymore."

Arlington's brow furrowed. I watched his chest rise and fall, and then he stood abruptly. "It's impossible."

I spread my arms. "Pretty fucking possible."

"No. That was our deal. Our deal was I took Derrick. I was never supposed to see you again."

"Well, considering my mother knows nothing about this current arrangement, the two of you have a lot to answer for."

The mask of the powerful billionaire slipped a little. I watched as a host of emotions played across his face.

Horror.

Exhaustion.

Confusion.

Was that concern? I couldn't tell. The slight pulling in of his lips and mildly furrowed brow indicated his worry, but I didn't know him well enough to really translate it. “So, now is the part where I need you to tell me what the fuck you did with Derrick. I'm tired of the charade. Let's just get everything out in the open so we can get this show on the road.”

He blinked once and then again. "You think I'd do something to my own son?"

"Newsflash, asshole, I'm your son too."

His body jerked as if he was choking then, like there was a cough stuck in his chest and he didn't know what to do about it. He took my glass and chugged down the brandy in one swallow. He didn't even flinch. "Jesus fucking Christ. How did you—" He glanced at me again. "How? Why the fuck did this happen?"

I shrugged. "I don't fucking know. All I know is that Derrick walked into my office weeks ago, identified himself as the billionaire Derrick Arlington. And he was in need of a body double. See, I was at a disadvantage because he'd done his research on me, but I knew nothing about him. He knew exactly what screw to turn to get me to agree. My mother's cancer had progressed. Insurance wasn’t covering most of the treatments, so he was basically offering a keep-her-out-of-heaven card and I couldn't say no."

Arlington shook his head at the mention of my mother. "She's sick?"

I nodded. "Breast cancer. She'd been fighting for a couple of years now."

"Why didn't she say so? She knows how to reach me."

I gave a mirthless chuckle. "The thing is I don't know about your arrangement with my mother. My guess is she doesn't want anything to do with you. But my guess would probably be wrong since apparently I don't actually know my mother very well."

Arlington shook his head. "You were never supposed to know. Neither of you were."

"My whole life I felt like there was a part of me missing. Like I was somehow empty, and you did that."

"You don't understand. I was a different man then."

"Well, I understand that you're still a dick, so I guess that's how it works."

Arlington took that one on a chin. "Look, I know this is a lot to deal with. Where is Derrick?"

I shook my head. "I fished him out of the ocean the other day. Patched him up and came up with a plan. The next day he vanished again. So either he ran away and left me to deal with the fallout on my own, or whoever took him is dead serious."

"All my precautions, everything I did, I never expected this."

I laughed again. "Funny thing is neither did I. So, where the hell have you been my whole life?"

This time, the glance he shot me was full of reproof. "When your mother gave birth, I showed her kindness by only taking one of you."

"Kindness? How do you think she felt knowing she had a child out there she couldn't see? And how do you think I felt knowing I had a father who didn't want to see me?"

He shook his head. "No, no, no. I made sure you wanted for nothing."

"I didn't need money. I needed a goddamn father. Now I know why it felt like a part of me was missing. You took my twin brother away from me."

"It wasn't like that. I was married. Jacklyn would have taken me for everything. I couldn't let that happen. She was ill and unstable. I couldn't lose everything. I loved your mother, but I loved my life more."

"Oh yeah, love. It shows."

"You don't know anything about it. I loved her. She loved me. But she also loved someone else. The choice was easy for her."

I frowned. "She loved someone else?"

It was Arlington's turn to chuckle. "Oh yeah, it was a whole love triangle. Well, square. I should include my wife, I guess. Except she didn't know about any of it. Your mother was this dynamic ray of light, and I fell in love with her almost immediately. She was angry that I was married, which was fair enough. I just couldn't stay away from her, but she found someone else. I didn't like it, but there wasn't much I could do about it because I had nothing to offer her in terms of marriage or committment. But I did love her."

I shook my head. "If you say so, and because you loved her, you took one of her children?"

"She didn’t even tell me she was pregnant. When I found out, I needed to know my sons, but I couldn't take both of you. I couldn't do that to her."

"Jesus Christ, do you hear yourself? You took a child from her."

"Well, she took my heart and broke it."

"Oh wow, nice. So full of revenge."

He shook his head. "It wasn't like that. I couldn't stand not being able to raise at least one of my children."

"And a fantastic job you did."

He sat back. "You know what, you're right. With my need to build a legacy, I fucked up. I screwed up. And Derrick never let me forget. And my wife, well... she went full-on crazy."

"What did you expect? You brought someone else's child into the house and forced her to pretend she was his mother."

He ran a hand on his face. "I made a lot of mistakes, yes. I can’t believe I didn't know you weren't Derrick."

"You need to be more believable than that. Because right now, you look like the prime suspect who has been trying to kill both of us."

His brows snapped down. "What do you mean, kill?"

"At Princess Jessa's wedding, some brute with a gun tried to force me in a car and take me somewhere. Someone tried to poison me once. Oh, and there was the arts gala. Another kidnapping attempt there." Up until that very moment, I’d suspected he was behind it. But the horror on his face, that looked real.

"And Derrick, you said someone took him?"

"Yeah, I think someone did take him."

"What the hell are you doing to get him back?"

"You can't stand him, but you want him back?"

Arlington slammed his hand on top of the bar. "He's my son."

If only he thought the same way about me. "We don't know where he is. No leads, no nothing, so I had no choice but to keep up the ruse."

"Then you’d better do something to get him back. Like it or not, he's my fucking legacy."

"You know, my whole life I've wanted a father. I just wish you weren't such a fucking disappointment."





12





Zia…





I had all the feelings about this meeting right now. I was seated two tables away with my back to the conversation, but I could hear it through the comms, and it did not sound good. I didn't know what Theo had expected to get out of it, but it didn't sound like he was at all happy.

And Arlington, what a fucking piece of work. He seemed more concerned with legacy than the fact that his son was missing. And then he had one who was sitting directly in front of his face just begging someone to love him. "Until we sort this out, I need to put my security team on it.”

Theo's voice was low. "I already have security. The king saw to it."

I angled my seat a little to the side so I could see them. Arlington frowned. "The king? What does he have to do with this?"

"Your nephew? He already assigned Royal Elite to protect me."

Arlington cursed under his breath. "You involved my nephew?"

"Well, it was unavoidable. Since somebody tried to kill me at his sister's wedding, and he happened to see me directly afterward, he intervened. There was nothing to be done about it."

Arlington cursed under his breath again. "My people are better."

"Are they really?" Theo's gaze flickered to me as he spoke. "Right now, my guard is everywhere."

Arlington looked around and finally saw me. He raised a brow. "Her?"

Theo nodded. "And others. Some you won't see."

Only then did Arlington look closer. He spotted Queen Penny, and then he scowled. "You have the Royal Guard watching you too?"

"Well, Sebastian was quite insistent. He thinks I'm his cousin."

Arlington cursed. "You are his cousin. That piece of ass, she's a King’s Knight?"

Theo gave me a smirk and nodded. "Yeah, she is. So when you spanked her ass that day, you were closer to death than you probably have ever been in your life."

Arlington gave me a derisive glare. "I don't believe you."

Theo laughed. "Well, believe it. She was the one who saved my life at the wedding. She's very persistent. She's also the one who saved me from being poisoned, and well, the last kidnapping incident, I handled on my own."

I raised my brow with that. Fine, he could have one.

Arlington leaned forward, and I palmed the gun in my skirt. In my ear, Ariel talked me down. "Easy does it. It doesn't look like he's going to hurt him in a public place. And it doesn't seem like he's behind it."

"Yeah, but he's a dick. Can I just shoot him for being a dick?"

Trace chuckled on the line. "Well, then you'll have to shoot Jax too."

Jax's British accent was clear. "I'm not a dick. I'm just awesome. It's not my fault you can't handle it."

I rolled my eyes. Either way, I wasn't going to get to kill Timothy Arlington.

Arlington was speaking again. "Whatever situation you have going on, I need to be a part of it. He's my son."

Theo shrugged. "He’s my brother. I never thought I’d say that."

Arlington's brows drew down. "You're my son too, but I raised him. He is my future."

"Oh really? Considering you've been threatening to remove him since I've been here?"

Arlington sat back. "So, you're the one who wanted to stop the merger and acquisition?"

I shrugged. "I don't care one way or the other. I was just doing my due diligence. Derrick left me in charge, and I had to give it the best shot I could."

Arlington scowled. "You recognize I'm not going to let you continue was CEO, right?"

My stomach flipped. This. This was the problem. I'd warned him about this. But Theo was confident, his smile easy and handsome, and God, he was sexy.

No, not sexy. We're not doing that anymore.

Right. I was definitely not thinking about how sexy Theo was. He leaned forward. Because of his comm unit I could hear him clearly. "You can try and oust me, but then you’ll have to explain how you have a twin son, how you had an affair, and things for you are already shaky. So it's in your best interest to keep me exactly where I am. Everyone will be wondering where the hell Derrick went if I vanish."

Arlington all but growled at him. "You are not the CEO."

"Neither are you. The current CEO has been taken. So if you want your enemies to know and think that you're weak, then by all means, tell everyone. Make the announcement. I'm a big fraud. I'm not the real Derrick Arlington, and you didn’t even realize it. Good luck explaining that."

For a long moment, Arlington glared at him and I watched, anticipating, waiting. I saw Penny angle her body with her big belly, hand in her purse down at the other end of the bar. She had a gun too. God, she was so badass. I hoped I was half as badass as her if I ever got pregnant. Around her, her guards were watching for a threat to her, not who she was a threat to, which I found hilarious. What kind of bodyguard needed a bodyguard?

One who was queen.

But we over anticipated. Instead of threatening Theo, Arlington did the opposite. "In that case, let's get my son back as quickly as possible. Whatever the plan you have cooked up, I want in on it. You run it through me."

Theo just laughed then. "You must have mistaken me for someone who gives a fuck. You're in charge of nothing, Arlington. You know, after all this, I'm ashamed. Ashamed I ever wanted to know you. Ashamed I ever prayed for a father. For the time being, things will remain status quo. We can keep you abreast of what's happening. You can sit down in meetings, but you're not in charge here. And trust me, I have no desire to run your company. As soon as you have your real son back, I'm going back home. If I never see you again, it will be too soon."

And with that, Theo stood and headed straight for my table.

I quickly finished my club soda. "Are you okay?"

He gave me a sharp nod. "You're in charge, let's go. I need to pick up a couple of things at the office, and then we'll head back to the palace."

I gave him a nod, communicated what was happening to the rest of my team, and then he took my hand. His was warm, enveloped mine, but it felt like peace, like coming home. It felt like he needed me.

And so, for once, I set aside my anger and squeezed back. Because after everything he'd just gone through, all I wanted to do was hold him.





Derrick

I hadn't seen Alistair Cummings since I was nine years old, although, he'd acted as the boogeyman in my dreams for far too long.

So what? Confronting him now is a way to exorcise those demons? You're crazy.

Oh, I was definitely crazy. But I needed to do this. When the prison guard let me into the room, I could hear the shuffling of his chains before I saw him. Sure, I could be all cavalier as an adult, but somehow just seeing that face again took me back to when I was a little boy, tied up with a gag in my mouth, not sure if I would ever see my father again, if I would ever see anyone I loved ever again. Which, back then, had basically been Elena.

It took him a few moments to recognize me, but then he frowned. "What the fuck is this?"

"Alistair. I bet you never thought you'd see me again."

He scuttled back. "What the fuck is this?" he repeated.

"Look, I'm not here to rattle your cage."

"Bullshit. Then why are you here? Look, your kidnapping back then wasn’t my idea. I was just the guard."

I smiled at him, well aware it wasn't a nice smile. "Is that what you tell yourself so you can sleep at night? You abducted a kid. Me, I was that kid. You abducted me, and I'm supposed to act like it's okay?"

He struggled with the chains and yelled, "Guard."

"Look, I already slipped the guard three hundred bucks to make sure that he wouldn't come unless I called him."

"Shit."

"All I want is a name. I want confirmation, and right now, you're the only guy who can give it to me."

"I ain't giving you shit."

"You know what, that is your choice. You don't have to give me anything. But it certainly would be helpful. Just a name. Who paid you?"

"I'm not fucking telling you anything."

"Oh, come on. We’re just having a nice time seeing each other like old friends after all this time."

"I'm not telling you anything. They can get to me in here."

"Oh, I'm counting on it. Give me the name, or I will make sure some very nasty men get it from you."

He shook his head. "No, I'm not telling you fuck all. Go fuck yourself."

"That is an interesting prospect which I am not quite flexible enough for, but I hear there are people who are. The name, or I find some lovely inmate named Tank to make you his new best friend. How does that sound?"

"You're a sick fuck."

"I could say the same thing to you. I was a child."

Cummings leaned forward. "Look, you weren't supposed to get hurt. That wasn't me. The plan was to pick you up, hold you for a few days, and then release you. And that was it."

"You forgot the most important part. Ransom money. Get paid, right?" His gaze shifted, and I leaned forward and whispered, "Unless that wasn't the point. Unless you never intended to get that ransom."

He shifted in his seat. "Look, of course that was part of it. Why take someone if you don't want money for it?"

"You know, that is my question. Why go through all the trouble… unless there's an ulterior motive?"

"Guard."

"You don't listen that well. They're not coming for you."

He fought his chains again. "Goddamn it."

"Tell me what I want to know."

"Look, I'll tell you the same thing I told the girl. I don't know who was behind the whole thing. That was Gus’s gig."

I frowned at the name. I didn't recognize that name. "Tell me more."

"I was just a guard. When Gus went to do business with whoever was in charge, I had to stay back and watch your sorry ass."

"Oh, and that's why I bested you, right? A nine-year-old kid slipped your watchful gaze."

"Yeah, I guess so. It's why I'm in here, isn't it?"

I frowned at him. "You really don't know, do you?"

He shook his head. "No, I don't. I don't know anything, okay? It wasn't my gig. I wasn't in charge. I was an introvert, kid."

I scowled at him. "I still got hurt, didn't I?"

He shuffled back. "It didn't have anything to do with me, okay?"

"I am amazed that you actually believe that. The words that are coming out of your mouth, you full-on believe that bullshit. As if not knowing what was supposed to happen is going to absolve you in any way."

"Look, I already told you everything I know. I want to go."

"Fine. Go. Though I can't guarantee that someone named Tank isn't going to visit you."

I didn’t really know anyone named Tank, but he didn't know that. He didn't know if some huge badass was going to pay him a visit or not, and that's the way I wanted it. I certainly wasn't going to let him off the hook now.

"If I find out that you're lying to me, I'm coming back. And I will be none too pleased. Do you understand me?"

"Fuck you."

"God, I'm hearing a lot of that recently too. See you around."





13





Theo…





It was a quiet ride back to the palace. After all, I'd said all I had to say in the bar, and everyone had heard me on the comms.

Once I was in, the rest of the team headed toward the king's quarters, Penny at the helm. I just couldn't though. I figured he'd demand my audience tomorrow, but right now, I needed to be fucking alone.

Behind me, I heard the soft click of Zia's heels. Okay, mostly alone.

But instead of heading straight to my quarters, I took a hard left to one of the gardens. She followed behind me. "Theo, what are you doing?"

"If you don't mind, I need a minute. I’ve got to have some fucking fresh air."

She didn't argue with me for once and just followed quietly behind.

I hated that shit. Her-walking-behind-me thing, but she was my bodyguard, not my damn girlfriend.

Maybe she could be.

No. She'd made it clear. I had lied to her. And even though I had a really good reason, it was still a lie. And I probably shouldn't have slept with her when she had no idea who I was. So, my bad.

More than your bad. She feels betrayed.

She was right to feel betrayed, and there was nothing I could do to make any of it any better. But I'd been between a rock and a hard place, and faced with the same situation over again, I probably would have made the same decision. In the meantime, I had to sort out my fucking head. I had no damn idea where I was going. I meandered aimlessly through the garden. Zia said nothing and just followed. Finally, I turned around. "Jesus Christ, say something. Anything."

She blinked up at me, surprised. And then the words out of her mouth were something I didn't expect. "I'm so sorry. Are you okay?"

I blinked. "What?"

"I said I was sorry. I don't know what it's like, you know, to not have a dad. I mean, mine died when I was a teenager, but I had him. I had a marker to go on. I had something. So I don't know what it's like to think you didn't have one and then meet him and find out he's a complete dick. I have no idea what you're going through right now. I mean, not only did you find out he's a complete dick, but he basically didn't even acknowledge what he'd done to you. So, I'm sorry."

With those soft words, she captured everything I was feeling. How had she done that so easily?"

It was one thing to have Derrick say we were twins. It was a whole other thing to have some kind of confirmation that Timothy Arlington had known about me all that time and just didn't give a shit.

"I'm sure it's complicated Theo. Parents usually are. I know that you probably don’t want consoling right now, but it sucks. It sucks how he just dismissed how you would be feeling and is only focusing on Derrick. But he's a narcissist. People like that only think about themselves. They only think about their legacy and how they're feeling. And I'm sorry. You deserve better than that. The good news is you have someone who clearly loved you very much. And whatever mistakes she made, maybe she made them for you. I mean seriously, can you imagine having grown up with that guy as your father? Growing up with that guy in your ear telling you that you're not good enough, telling you how you needed to be would suck. Can you imagine having him as your example?"

I watched her. And the way she said it, made it sink in. That motherfucker might not have wanted me, but I had escaped. I had been the lucky one, not Derrick.

Yeah, Derrick had money and all the trappings that went with it, but I'd at least had love. Because despite what he’d said, I was pretty sure Timothy Arlington did not know how to love. As for my mother, well, that was a whole other complicated set of emotions I would deal with later. "The way he looked at me was chilling. All he wants is his goddamn legacy. The son he raised. Never mind that he had a son right in front of him, who has made it clear he wants nothing to do with him. But Derrick's the one he wants, and I’m left behind just like before."

"Try not to look at it that way. Do you really want Timothy Arlington to want you? I know the rejection stings, and I'm sorry you had to feel that kind of pain. But you are loved. She made mistakes, sure. Like really bad ones. But she loved you. I can see it in the way you talk about her. You were willing to sacrifice and put your life on hold just so that she can get well. You don't do that for someone who hasn't taught you love. And what about Kyle? You might not have had the chance to know your twin, but it’s obvious that Kyle is like a brother to you. And let's be clear; everyone that you have encountered as Derrick has liked you significantly better than the original. That includes the king and queen and everyone you worked with. So, Timothy Arlington can take his rejection of you and shove it up his ass."

I had to chuckle at the way she said that. She was so small and adorable, with her dimples and her hair gently blowing in the breeze. But she looked like she knew exactly how to shove it up Arlington's ass and wouldn't hesitate to do so. My tiny warrior. God, I was so in love with her.

Fuck.

At least I hadn't said that out loud because she certainly would not welcome that. And even I had to face the truth. At some point, I was going to have to leave because the Winston Isles was certainly not my home, despite how I felt there. This wasn't permanent. It wasn't real.

I wanted it to feel real though, but sooner or later, I was going to have to go back to my real life. The one I had walked away from. But before I could do that, I needed to answer some questions.

"Okay, so if Arlington is not trying to kill me, then who is?"

Zia searched my gaze for a moment as if trying to determine if I was okay. But she didn't ask, didn't even mention my emotional state. "Actually, I've been thinking about that. So, here’s where we are right now; Derrick is gone again, and we don’t know if he did a runner or if someone took him again. Arlington doesn't know who's trying to kill you. Which leads us back to the question of who wants you dead. If it's not your father, which, you know, was kind of fucked up anyway, then who is it?"

I turned and kept walking through the gardens. We were in a massive maze that wound around us, and I certainly hoped Zia knew her way back because I had no idea how to get out of there.

"We have to think this through. Who stands to gain the most with me gone? Theo, not Derrick. No one. I don't stand to gain anything. I'm not Arlington's real son. Not the one he wants anyway. I don't actually have a stake in this company. But if they've taken Derrick, it has to be someone who does have a stake in the company, and likely a heavy one. We have to look at the executives."

I nodded. "You're right. It could be a member of the board. It could be anyone. I suppose tomorrow we’ll meet with the rest of the team as they're combing through the financials. We need to find out who most needs that merger to go through, and then I guess we'll have to work from there."

She reached for me and gave a little tug on my elbow. "Theo, it will be okay. We'll find out who's doing this."

I ran my hand through my hair. "I don't know. Derrick planned that I'd be home by now. Instead, I'm here. And it’s weird, because a part of me feels like I belong here, yet there's another part of me that feels out of touch, out of context."

“Of course you do. Up until a few days ago, you were basically living someone else's life."

"Jesus Christ, that was only four days ago?"

She nodded slowly. "It’s been a long four days. You should probably get some rest. We'll talk in the morning. Look, I know you haven’t really known my team that long, but Ariel is the best. Trace, Jax, all of them. I'd put my life in their hands. Hell, I do put my life in their hands on every case we take. We're going to keep you protected."

"I don't really deserve it. Remember, you were assigned to protect Derrick. He's gone now."

"Well, you were the body we were physically assigned to guard, no matter what name you were using at the time. So, we're doing our job."

I chuckled at that. "Take it however you can get it?'

She nodded. "Absolutely." She smiled at me, and my heart squeezed. Jesus fucking Christ, I was so goddamn in love. I just prayed this wasn't going to get one or both of us killed.





Zia…

As we wandered back toward the palace, my cell phone vibrated. Theo lifted a brow. "Is Deedee okay?"

I don't know why, but I laughed. "After everything you've already seen with my sister and everything you know about her, your first concern is whether or not she's all right? And not whether or not she's been infuriated for another wrong done to her?"

He shrugged. "Well, she had a roommate. She moved out. It's been a couple of days, and it’s been pretty quiet so far. Maybe she’s finally settling down."

I cranked my neck. "Yeah, that's the thing. Deedee is not a settler. It's been two or three days, so of course, something about her roommate is making her crazy. And she's a runner because no one there will hold her accountable for anything.”

Theo's hands were gentle as he smoothed them over my hair, which was now attempting to freeze at the roots. My painstaking efforts from this morning to straighten it, were going to shit under humidity. "Look, let's go get her. Maybe she's worried about you."

"I promise you Deedee is not worried about me. Deedee needs something."

Theo shrugged. "Well, you should see what she needs because you and I won’t have a moment's rest until you know."

I sighed. He was right. I wasn't going to have a moment's peace until I knew if she was okay or not, even though she probably was.

“I had high hopes, you know?”



* * *



"Don't be so down. Maybe it's good news."

"Yeah. Clearly, you don't know my sister."

"I know she's part of you, so let's go see what she needs."

Theo was careful to only touch me to help usher me in and out of the doorways and around the pass, but I wanted him to touch me. I could feel the crackle between us, the coil of tension. My whole body was leaning toward him, hungry for that snap that made me fall and tumble into his arms, knowing he would be there to catch me.

But you're still thinking about the pain. The pain of when he leaves. The pain of when you're all alone again.

Yeah. I know all about pain that can be brutal. That pain was terrible. That pain sucked balls. And I was not down for that pain.

But he could stay.

No, he couldn't. And if he did, you wouldn’t be what he'd be staying for.

That little line I’d told myself my whole life, it hadn't served me well. But I couldn't untell it. Except, I wondered if it was wrong. What if I'd believed the wrong thing all along?

It didn't matter. I wasn't going to get to explore it anytime soon because I had to rescue my sister... again.

At the far end of the north parking lot, Deedee was arguing with the guards, showing all her ID, but they wouldn't let her by. After all, she wasn't on the guest list for the palace. It had never been necessary.

We took the pathway around, and at the guard tower, I nodded at the Royal Guard on duty. One of them I'd known very well. We were in the military together. "Lady Zia, it's good to see you."

"Andrew, hi. What's the problem?"

"I know she's your sister, and I would have let her in, but security has been tightened."

I nodded. "Sorry about that. I'll see her in."

Theo nodded at Andrew, who stuttered when he realized who was with me. All of them still thought he was Derrick Arlington. Immediately, Andrew stood at attention as if recognizing the alpha had just walked in. But not before sneaking a narrow-eyed gaze at me.

Deedee sighed when she realized that it was me coming through the guard gate to let her in. "Jesus Christ, I have been so worried. You haven’t answered any of my calls.”

I frowned. “You called?” I’d had my phone off most of the day, and I’d sent calls straight to voice mail.

"Yeah. I had an emergency and you didn't answer."

Theo grumbled behind me. "We know all about your emergencies, Deedee."

Her gaze flickered to him and back to me. "Jesus Christ, you're still with him?"

"Look, follow me." I didn't really want to have one of these conversations in front of the guards, because of course, that would travel back to the council, Sebastian and Ariel.

Once we were inside the gates and through the side entrance of the palace toward the private quarters, Deedee whistled. "Jesus. I mean, I've been here for a tour, of course, nearly every school year for a field trip, but I've never been into the actual private quarters before."

"Deedee, let’s be clear; you're not staying."

Once we were inside, Theo excused himself. "I'll just be going."

I shook my head. "Sorry, I'm still on your duty, so she has to come with us."

He sighed and nodded. When we were back in our quarters, he excused himself and marched to his room. Deedee glanced around, taking in the modern surroundings. "Geez, you wouldn't know that this was in here, considering all the gold and glitter outside."

"Deedee, what is it?"

"Well, where have you been?"

"I'm working, Deedee."

"I know. Remember? I saw you a couple of days ago. You told me you were staying at the penthouse. I went to see you there but the desk security guy told me you weren't there. So then, I went to Royal Elite. And Jameson told me you weren't there and that you were staying at the palace."

"Yeah, it's complicated."

"What do you mean, complicated?"

"Deedee, focus. What are you doing here?"

"What? I can't see you because I'm worried? I miss seeing you at least once a week."

"Deedee, it was only three days ago. What's going on?"

"It's just… I don't know if this roommate thing is gonna work out."

I ran my hands through my hair, which felt puffy at the roots. "Jesus Christ, Deedee, I do not have time for this right now."

"I mean, God she's got all these house rules, and she thinks I'm a slob. Which I'm not, by the way."

"Yes, you are. You are a slob. I’ve said this for years. Mom and Dad said it when we were kids. You always had fits when I wouldn't clean up after you."

"I wasn’t that bad. But she made a chore list, and I can't live in that kind of situation. I really should be living on my own."

"No. This was our arrangement. A roommate, sharing expenses, paying rent somewhere."

"What? Look, I can't stay with her. I'll find a different roommate who's more accommodating."

I shook my head. "No."

She frowned. Delicate brows arching. "What do you mean, no?"

"No. This is the roommate you have and you're going to stick it out for a year. That's how leases work."

"But I can't."

"When I co-signed on that lease for you, the arrangement was that you were going to stay there for a year, and we're not breaking that lease. If you break it, I have no idea where you're going to stay."

She blinked at me rapidly. "Wait, you would toss me out on the street?"

"Yes, I would."

Her bottom jaw dropped, making her mouth form a small O. "You wouldn't really put me out on the street."

"I absolutely would, because you have a home. You're just choosing not to stay there because someone is imposing rules. Theo was right. I spent too much time coddling you, babying you, fishing you out of the messes you made. Not anymore. I'm not doing it. You made a commitment, and you're going to stick to it."

"Who the hell is Theo?"

I groaned. "Long story."

"Well, I’ve got all night."

I shook my head. "No. You don't. I have work to do here, Deedee. You're going back to your apartment. I'll have one of the Royal Elite guys drive you."

"What's going on? Why are you at the palace?"

I wanted to tell her. I wanted us to have that relationship where I didn't have to act like her mother. But as she clearly still couldn't take care of herself, I had no choice. "We're not getting into this. You are going back to your apartment, and that's it."

"For real?"

I crossed my arms. "For real. I'm not bailing you out anymore. You made your bed. Now you'll be lying on it."

I had never been that firm with her before in my life. I never really told her no for something big and important. And for the first time in a long time, I felt like I had some kind of control over my personal life. And I knew I was doing the best thing for her, even though it hurt a little. Sometimes, I just needed to say no.





14





Ariel…





For three days we’d been looking for Arlington. For three days, I’d wasted my resources and Sebastian had wasted his looking for his idiot cousin. For three days, we’d been worried something had actually happened to him, but oh no, he had just been gallivanting away.

Fantastic.

When Roone and I walked into Sebastian’s office, he inclined his head as if to say what the fuck you guys, has my whole family gone crazy? At least that was my interpretation.

Penny waddled along behind us, but Sebastian waved her off. "No, sweetheart. I'm just getting caught up on this ridiculousness. You need to rest."

"I am not tired." Penny scowled at him around a yawn.

When I bit back my laugh and Roone slid his gaze away as if trying to pretend he didn't see her yawn, Penny rolled her eyes. "Okay fine, I'm exhausted. But tell me what happened. What's going on?"

I shrugged. "Oh, nothing. We just found the billionaire, that's all."

Her eyes went wide. "I wanna go."

Sebastian, Roone, and I all answered for her. "No," We shouted in unison.

Sebastian tried to soften the blow though, which was kind of him.

"Darling, we've covered this. I get it. I really do, but no. You've been badass enough for one night."

She shrugged. "Fine. I am tired."

We took a seat and he rolled his shoulders. "Okay, so I guess I need to go collect my cousin?"

Roone shook his head. "I'll do it. I can catch a quick jumper flight. It's nothing."

I shook my head. "Technically, my team is on the hook for getting him, right? For protecting him. I should go. Besides, you’re a newlywed. Jessa would be pissed."

He shrugged. “She’s already had a work thing in London, so she’s with London Lords at the moment.”

Sebastian held up his hand. "You're both going. Take the private jet. It's what, five, six hours? You'll be back in no time."

All I could think about was Tristan waiting for me back at home. He was not going to like this. But what was I going to do? This was who I was and what I did. Protect the idiots from themselves.

"Yeah, let me text Tristan."

Roone groaned. "Just let me go. It’s easier."

Sebastian shook his head. "We’ve already underestimated my cousin once. Lex is already on the ground with confirmation of his location."

I nodded. "Let's go collect our billionaire."

As we strolled out of Sebastian's office, Roone grinned at me. "It's nice to have the gang back together."

"You mean with me being in charge of you?"

He laughed. "Uhm, let's be clear. I'm in-charge of you."

“Dream on, pretty boy. Dream on.”

“See, I always knew you liked me.”

I rolled my eyes. I did like him. He was maybe the best partner I’d ever had. And after Penny, he might well be the best friend I had. But he didn’t need to know that. Better to keep him on his toes and not swell that pretty boy head any more. “Ahh, I see the delusion is still strong with you.” He was right. It was nice to have the team back together.

Within forty-five minutes, Roone, and I had our go bags and were in flight. Tristan wasn't pleased that my job had gotten in the way of our romantic night together.

His first text was whiny.

Tristan: But I had planned on tying you up.

I bit back a laugh.

Ariel: Well, you can tie yourself and wait for me to get home.

Tristan: Nope. Now I’ll just have to think up a new surprise for you.

Ariel: Fine by me as long as it involves you without many clothes on.

Tristan: I feel so objectified.

Ariel: Would it make you feel better if I told you, I was only with you for your massive… brain?

Tristan: Haha. I know it’s really my big… smile you love so much.

His follow up came quickly.

Tristan: I miss you.

Ariel: I miss you too. I'll be back in less than ten hours.

Tristan: You can't let my idiot pseudo-cousin get himself home?

Ariel: Your idiot pseudo-cousin took off on his own when a killer was out to get him, so obviously he can't be trusted to make his own decisions right now.

Tristan: We're still in our honeymoon phase. Please tell my cousin that.

Ariel: You can tell him yourself. Plus, he said we all deserve some time off.

Tristan: Hurry back.

I put my phone away and rubbed my eyes. How did Penny do this? I had known she was having a hard time being married to her job and married to the king, but it hadn't been real for me until just now. The want versus the need. I needed to be my own person. I needed to have a job and a goal. And Tristan supported them. It's just, I also wanted to be a wife at home.

How the hell was I supposed to do both?

I didn't know how it was going with Roone and Jessa, but she spent half her time in London. I didn't know how they worked it out, but Roone didn't seem as conflicted as I did. I wanted to know how that was, but I knew he had his own issues. Splitting time, his commitment to Sebastian. By the time we arrived in Ibiza, neither Roone nor I were in a particularly good mood. I hadn't slept worth a shit. And given the way Roone was rubbing at his face and jaw, I didn't think he had either. We stepped on the tarmac and slid our sunglasses on. Bright daylight. Awesome.

Roone rolled his shoulders. "All right, let's get this guy. How do you want to play it? Bad cop, worse cop?"

There was a part of me that thought maybe this would be difficult. That maybe bringing Derrick back was going to be hard. After all, if he'd taken off, he didn't want to be found, did he? But when we approached the hotel, it turned out we didn't need to be worried. Derrick Arlington was making himself known.

As soon as we walked in, Roone tapped my shoulder. "There's your boy." Derrick was poolside, screaming at the top of his lungs, "Shots for everybody.” Which, of course, was followed by a rakish roar from the crowd.

I couldn't help it. I stopped and stared at him. "We've been turning over every stone to find him, and he's partying?"

Roone growled. "It makes you wonder if he was ever missing the first time too."

"His injuries weren't fake."

Roone just scowled and muttered, "Uh-huh. Do you think he put us all through that for nothing?"

"I'm thinking you and I aren't home when we need to be because this idiot is having a party and seems completely unconcerned about his own safety."

"That's what I'm saying. Let's get this idiot and go home. I wanna leave as soon as possible."

"And I do too."

When he saw us approach the pool, Derrick pouted. "Let me guess, the party is over?"

I nodded my head at him. "How did you guess?"

"Well, I knew you'd come and get me eventually."

I rolled my eyes. "Do you have any idea how many resources we spent trying to find you?"

He grinned at me cheerlessly. "You know what? You can bill me. Better yet, bill Arlington Tech. Oh, come on, it’s my best mate's bachelor party. How was I supposed to miss it?"

Roone was having none of his bullshit though. "Take that up with the king. We're just here to ruin the party."

I knew my team was spread thin and frazzled, concerned about this whole assignment. Zia, in particular. She'd gone through all of this, and for what? So this idiot playboy could party? I wanted to kill him myself. But I reminded myself that my job was to serve and protect. Not hunt down and kill. The killing could come later. Sebastian would likely take care of that for me. Derrick Arlington was an idiot, and he was willing to let us all pay the price of his idiocy.





Zia…

I tossed in bed.

After Deedee’s visit last night and another long day with no leads on who was trying to kill my twin billionaires, I couldn’t sleep for shit, especially knowing Theo was just a door away. Timothy Arlington had been up our asses the whole day. His security team wanted full access to our investigation.

But we gave them a whole lot of nothing. When I’d checked in with Jax that morning, he said Sebastian had sent Ariel on a last-minute recon mission, so maybe she had a lead.

I heard the squeaking of shoes on the hardwood, and I was up in a flash, my gun palmed. On my tiptoes, I padded to the door and eased it open. A hulking figure was at Theo’s door, and I didn’t even pause to think; I just launched myself at him.

With an oof, he tried to shake me off, but I was holding on spider monkey style. From my position, I tried to deliver a downward elbow, but he tossed me free. That weightless sensation felt like it lasted for minutes instead of milliseconds.

It didn’t matter though. If I was going down, I was taking the asshole with me. I hooked my foot behind his knee as I went, and he stumbled on top of me.

I expected his hands to go around my throat, and I was ready to pluck at the meaty part of his hands and fight for my life.

I was ready to wedge a knee between us and mangle his balls with my toes. I was ready.

But as he came down with me, he grabbed me and rolled us over, taking his weight off of me. I blinked down at him as a sliver of moonlight from the garden lit him. “Theo?”

With a groan he said, “I like the way you do foreplay.”

I smacked him. “Jesus. You’re lucky I didn’t shoot first.”

“Oh, come on, deep down you knew it was me.”

“It’s pitch-black in here. I had no way of knowing.”

“You could have hit me with a tranq dart.” He held me tighter. “Let’s face it, you wanted a way to work out some of your… frustrations.”

I scowled at him then swallowed as I realized the thick length of him pressed right at the juncture of my thighs, and God it felt so damn good.

Had I known it was him?

Who cares? You know it’s him now. Take advantage of the situation.

My vajayjay practically screamed out ‘Hate bang! Hate bang!’

But oh no, my brain was still in charge, and I rolled off of him. Besides it wouldn’t be a hate bang would it? I didn't hate him.

Nope. You love him.

I shoved the thought aside. “Where the hell were you going?”

He dropped his head to the rug. “I couldn’t sleep, so I was going to go for a walk in the garden. It’s just outside the room for the love of god. I didn’t think I’d need a chaperone for that.”

I stared at him. “You need a chaperone for everything.”

He rubbed his neck then smoothly stood before extending a hand to me. Grumpily I took it.

Even if I was angry with him, the zing, that hadn’t gone away. In fact, it was worse. Maybe because I was keyed up.

The word you're looking for is horny.

Fine, so I was horny. I could just walk it off. I was not going to rub up against him like a cat in heat.

You already did that.

I rubbed my eyes. Focus. “Let me throw on my clothes and I’ll join you.”

Hi sighed. “Fine.”

I opted for the first thing I saw, which was my skirt from the day before. I tucked my T-shirt into it and slid on tennis shoes before grabbing my weapon and ammo and shoving it in the pockets.

When I stepped out, Theo was sitting by the French doors waiting for me. The playfulness from when we’d been rolling around on the floor was gone. He looked tired, stressed.

I hated to see him hurting like that. I hated to see the pain on his face, I hated that I couldn't do anything about it.

“Ready.”

He gave me a nod and led the way into the garden. We locked up behind us and started to walk. He didn’t say much, just let the meandering path take us around.

"Can I ask you something?

He stopped and turned to face me. "Yeah. What?"

"Does knowing the truth about Timothy Arlington change anything?"

He frowned and then resumed walking. "Well, I guess we have a strong indication that he's not trying to kill me, so that's something I suppose. But it’s not like I expected that overnight he was going to turn into my father."

I shook my head even though he couldn't see me and hurried to catch up to him. "No." I tugged his shoulders gently, and he stopped. We were deep in the maze now. The only things lighting our path as we walked were moonlight and some of the solar ground lights. "I mean, does it change who you are? I don't even know who you are, so why don't you maybe tell me. And by telling me, you’ll reinforce that Timothy Arlington had nothing to do with who you became as a person. A good person who would save a random teenager, one who would stand up for people. You're the kind of person who does the right thing. You could have walked away when Derrick showed up. You could have had your life back, walked away from all this bullshit. You could have taken that money and run. But you didn't. You stayed. And even though you were given a directive, you still tried to do the right thing. So tell me, Theo Coleman, who are you?"

He shrugged. "Just a guy."

I wasn’t going to accept that. "I don't believe that. Tell me who you are."

The muscle in his jaw ticked as he searched my gaze. "You want to know who I am, Zia?"

"Yeah, tell me. Pretend we just met." I stuck my hand out. "Hi, I'm Lady Zia Barnes, King's Knight and occasional screw-up. I have a crazy sister that I have to take care of, and she likes to call in the middle of the night." I shrugged. "Your turn."

A smile tugged at his lips. "Hi, I'm regular old Theo Coleman. I try to do what people need. Sometimes I get it wrong. What's worse is when I get right, because then I lose a little bit of who I am."

"Well, nice to meet you Theo. Might you tell me more about yourself, so I can judge for myself if you get it wrong?"

I wanted to touch him. I wanted to feel my hand in his, safe and enveloped, and I wanted him.

Because you love him.

Christ. I loved someone I knew absolutely nothing about.

He ran a hand over his face. "You really want to know all this stuff?"

"Sure, why not? It's not like we have anything better to fill our time, right? What with people trying to kill you and all. You're stuck with me in the palace. We are literally attached at the hip. We should bare it all."

He lifted a brow. "Literally. I think we'd be having a lot more fun if that was the case."

I snorted a laugh. "You know what I mean."

He grinned then, and any ice I was holding on to, any anger, any sense of betrayal melted away in a pool of heat and sizzle. All from a smile.

He looked down at my hand, and then he took it but didn't shake it. Instead, he held it tentatively, just like how I remembered him holding me. Then he continued our walk. "Well, I grew up in Jersey City. Kyle and I always say we're from New York, but we're not. Maybe we spent so much time there, we might as well have been, but not really. We lived in a fourth-floor walk-up, directly across the ladder. Like me, Kyle didn't have a dad, so our moms were kind of each other's plus-ones all the time. Kyle's dad died though. And from the time we were two, I pretty much called him my brother because I was missing one. How I begged for a sibling. I always wanted one."

"And you have one, Theo."

"Yeah, but he's missing again, isn't he?" He shook his head. "Anyway, I was lucky enough to go to this prestigious prep school in the city. Mom always said I got a scholarship, but now I guess I know that Timothy Arlington paid for it, which makes me feel completely different about it. Kyle actually got a scholarship there. After my mom raved to his mother about how great it was, he just had to go too. When we were old enough, we were able to hop the bus to get into the city and go to school by ourselves. We felt like big men."

I smiled at that, picturing a scruffy, uniformed Theo and Kyle, acting as each other's wingmen as they traipsed into the big bad city.

"You must have been adorable."

"Oh, we were hoodlums. Smart but still hoodlums."

"I find that hard to believe."

He shrugged then. "I had a temper, and Kyle had a tendency to get into trouble. But I learned to be what my mom needed whenever she needed it. When she was sad, I was the light that would cheer her up. When she was angry, I was the soldier ready and willing to go fight every battle for her. And I learned to do that in school too. I learned to do it for Kyle and for everyone else. I just never learned to be what I needed, you know?"

I nodded slowly. "It can be exhausting seeing to someone else’s needs."

"Yeah, tell me about it. I grew up pretending to be all these things. Anyway, Kyle got into a pinch of trouble, and I had some trouble getting him out of it. Whether I had to talk our way out or fight our way out, that was me."

"He really was your brother."

Theo grinned then. "Through and through. My whole life though, I had this feeling something wasn't right. I'd never been able to pinpoint what or why. So anyway, Kyle and I went to MIT. Again, together."

"Wow, you’ve spent your whole life with him."

"Yeah, I have. You know, it didn't even occur to me to ask how he felt about the whole Derrick thing. He's my real brother, you know? I didn't even know Derrick."

"But Kyle's family, right? Which means that he loves you and can only be happy for you when good things happen."

His lips tipped up in the corners. "That's Kyle though. He does look out for me. We look out for each other. After college, I got headhunted by a huge tech company, Base Software?"

I frowned. "I've heard of them I think."

"You name a tech company, and they have a finger in it. They were huge, and I was a rising star. Kyle took a job at a startup, and they were rising fast. They worked with film technology, had lots of big contracts, lots of commercial applications. He was great. He's an amazing developer. You should see him code."

"I'd love to see him and Ariel head to head."

"He's not exactly a hacker, but that would be interesting." He shrugged. "Anyway, there was this technology he built for a safe way to remove drones from protected airspace, and then Base acquired his company. They basically stole the program from Kyle and then fired him."

I stopped and stared. "What?"

"Yeah. They said that because he created it while he was working for them, it was theirs. He didn't like some of the applications they were going to use it for, so he demanded what was his. He lost."

"Jesus."

"Yeah. They cheated him, and he was never quite the same afterward. On the flipside, I'd risen fast through the ranks. They named me a director early, and they were going to make me a junior VP."

"Jesus Christ, that's huge."

"Yeah, I know. But when Kyle went off to do his own thing, I couldn't let him flounder on his own, you know? He asked me to go with him, and I did."

I blinked at him. "Did he ask you to go with him, or did you volunteer?"

Theo frowned at that. "I—I don't know. We were having drinks, and the next thing I knew I was leaving my job."

"But did you think that's what he needed?"

"Well, Kyle would never have asked me to leave, I guess. I suppose I left on principle."

"Theo, you didn't have to leave the company."

"Considering what they did to Kyle, I did have to leave."

"Okay."

"It was the right thing to do."

"I'm not arguing with you. What did Kyle have to say about it?"

Theo laughed then. "He thought I was insane. He begged me not to do it, but it was done. So we started our own thing. We had some early success, but the project we’re working on that we’re both really passionate about is Philanthro App, a way to make philanthropy accessible to the normal person. Kind of similar to Go Fund Me and those things but more accessible to everyday people, and to include specific causes that you can give to regularly. Everyone has a donation page, but this way is kind of great. Say, you have $20 a week to give to various charities. Instead of having to go to all these several places and donate four or five dollars each, you could pick what percentage of whatever you gave went to each place. And it’s always done seamlessly for a small fee, of course."

I smiled at that. “Of course.”

"ACLU, Red Cross, Habitat, established places that we vet. It makes it easy. People get to feel good about themselves, and real causes get the money that they need. You don't have to give big sums. A normal, average, everyday person can still do something great."

"That's noble and a fantastic idea."

He nodded. "Yeah, right? We're really excited about it. But we’ve gotten to the phase where we needed more funding to really propel the app, and we were out of money. We took the money we both had from our severance packages from Base and put it all into the company. Kind of our last Hail Mary to keep us going. We need an influx of cash."

I sighed. "And in walks Derrick Arlington."

"Bingo. Not to mention that my mom had been sick for a couple of years. For the first year, insurance covered most of it, her first round of chemo. But all the additional treatments, they got expensive. Fast. Some of which I'm still trying to cover. I paid for it, but you know..." His voice trailed.

"Yeah, I can imagine."

"So that's how I ended up here."

I wanted to give him support but felt like he needed to steer away from the heavy stuff for a bit, so I said, "I noticed how you didn't include any women in there."

"Oh well, you know, I thought the legions of women were a given."

I smacked his arm.

He laughed and pretended to stumble, when in reality, he was solid as a rock. In a sparring fight, I might be quicker and more experienced, but I'd seen him fight. We might be an even match.

"Can I ask you something else?"

He nodded. "I won't lie to you again, Zia."

"Where did you learn to fight?"

He gave me a measured sigh that was part sigh and part chuckle. "Ah yes, well, when we were kids, like I said, Kyle had a penchant for trouble. And since I had the tendency to jump in to save him, I got my ass kicked a lot. Finally, our moms stuck us in jiu-jitsu. I took to it. Kyle, not as much. But he can hold his own in emergencies. I eventually went on to Krav Maga and other things. It was a way to channel some of my anger and frustration. I liked it. It’s so satisfying to take out some frustrations on the mat or facing someone head to head. I like the challenge of it. Not so much the blood sport, but it lets you test your skills."

"That would explain that night you were nearly abducted then."

He shrugged. "I try to keep my temper in control. I never wanted you to see me like that."

"I mean, you were unbelievable. For someone who wasn't military, I didn't know what the hell I was looking at."

He winced. "I wish you hadn't seen it."

"Why?"

"Because it's not who I am."

I squeezed his hand. "Well, it's part of you, right?"

"Yeah, but I didn’t want to scare you."

I squeezed his hand again. "You don't scare me. I don't scare easy. Remember, bodyguard. It was hot, but it was also frightening because I didn't know who you were. But I know who you are now, and what you did doesn't scare me at all."

He paused in front of one of the taller hedges, and the moonlight beamed down on us. "I would never hurt you, Zia. And I'm sorry that not being able to tell you the truth made you feel like you couldn't trust me."

"I know the truth now. And while it still stings a little, I know you didn't hurt me on purpose."

He swallowed hard. "I—meeting you wasn’t something I expected. I finally fucking fell in love, and I couldn't tell you who I was."

My heart squeezed so hard that it was going to burst. He loved me?

"You love me?"

He blinked rapidly, and a crease formed on his brow. He swallowed. “I do. I—”

I pressed my fingers to his lips. "I love you too."

The thing that scared me, the thing that terrified me was gone, and I suddenly felt free. Weightless. Like locking it in had caused all the pain and confusion. It wasn't a bad thing to love him. I just had to be able to let myself go enough to do it.

"You love me?"

I nodded. "Yeah, I do. Don't let it go to your head though."

His grin flashed. "Oh, I'm absolutely going to do that" And there, in the maze of the Rose Garden, he dipped his head. "I'm never going to lie to you again. I swear."

"I know. Now that I actually know you, you weren’t very good at pretending to be a dick."

He chuckled then, and his lips slanted over mine. And while he'd kissed me before, made every nerve cell in my body tingle with electricity, this was something else. This was real. This was something I would fight to keep, something I was truly afraid to lose.





15





Theo…





I should have been gentle.

I meant to be gentle. But as soon as I pressed my mouth to hers, electricity kicked through my body. And lust chased away every bit of restraint I thought I possessed, until I couldn’t think. By the time my lips crashed on hers, all I could do was feel.

I slid my hands down her back to that pert little ass and lifted her easily, holding her against me. Zia moaned as I licked into her mouth, and my dick jerked. Those throaty sounds of hers drove me crazy.

Heat and desire weren’t strong enough words to describe what was flooding my veins. Try a molten craving. I didn't just want her. I needed her for my survival. I held her easily with one hand and slid the other into her hair. I fisted the heavy tresses, angling her just how I needed.

There was no hesitation in Zia’s kiss. When my tongue chased hers, she met the demand, sliding hers against mine, tempting me into a wicked game. Low in my belly, lust pulled on my tenuous control. Bullshit. You have no control.

It was true. I was a taut tension wire that could snap at any moment. I had a fleeting worry that I might possibly come in my pants. Get yourself under control.

I dragged in steadying breaths as I pulled back. “Zia, do you feel what you're doing to me?”

When she lifted her heavy-lidded gaze to meet mine, her pupils were dilated. “I could ask you the same thing.”

Backing her against one of the stone dividers between the hedges, I finally let go of my control. Every cell in my body urged me to hurry, to bury myself inside her deep. But when I kissed her again, she slowly melted into me. Her tongue teased and drove me mad, changing our tempo.

She had the power in her touch and in her kiss to burn me.

She slid her hands into my hair, and I pulled back momentarily. “You are so beautiful.”

In some darkened corner of my brain, an alarm bell rang. It tried to warn me of the danger she posed. She had the power to hurt me. If and when I had to walk away from her, I’d be shredded.

Stop. Love her now. Be here now.

I knew I was trapped in a web of her making. That extricating myself would be painful. But I didn’t care. As she ran her fingers through my hair, all I could think about were those hands and where I wanted them. How much I wanted her to be mine, if even just for now.

Zia arched into me. The curves of her full breasts pressed into my chest. I slid my hands under her cotton T-shirt. When my thumbs came into contact with the soft flesh of her belly, we both hissed. She was so petite, but so full.

I slid my hands up her satin skin, pausing when my hands were full of her flesh. “Fuck. You fit my big hands so well. I’ve had so many dreams about fucking these gorgeous tits. Jesus Zia.” I tried to be gentle. I did. I hoped I was gentle enough, but I was lost. Her tits were filling my hands, and I couldn’t be trusted with my own sanity at the moment.

I watched her carefully as I skimmed her soft flesh, but I let my hands continue to travel upward, pushing her T-shirt over her head.

The fabric fluttered to the ground without a sound, and I turned my full attention back to her exposed flesh. Shit. She was stacked. “God, you’re so fucking perfect.” Her full breasts pushed against my palms, and I desperately tried to swallow around the sudden mouthful of sawdust.

I wanted to take time to savor.

I bent my knees and dipped my head, making sure our gazes met as I silently asked for permission. When she nodded, I exhaled the breath I’d been holding and kissed her softly.

Zia arched her back in silent offering.

Shit. Perfection. So lush. So full. Taking advantage of her arched form, I hovered my mouth over a puckered bud for a moment. She shivered in my arms.

Pressing my lips over her skin, I molded them to the raised peak and tugged. Holy shit. Her hands tightened on my shoulders and her thighs clamped around my hips. I suckled her gently. Her answering moan was low and throaty, and I tugged harder, trying to taste every rich flavor of her skin.

“Theo,” she gasped.

What kind of spell had she woven around me? I’d never wanted anyone like this. Never wanted to consume someone. Never wanted to make my life forfeit for just one more minute with someone.

Right about now, I’d give Zia Barnes anything she wanted, and I wasn’t even inside her yet. I’d never been this connected to another human being before. It was like I could feel what she was feeling.

The unsated craving now thundered like a crescendo in my skull, and so did the gnawing longing to make her mine. As badly as I burned for her right now, I would be happy to hold her all night, doing nothing more interesting than playing with her hair.

Zia reached for me, and I could only watch as her delicate fingers tugged at my T-shirt. As she leaned in close, her sweet, citrus scent commingled with mine.

She slid her hands under my shirt, and my muscles spasmed as she worked it up over my pecs. Lightly, she skimmed my shoulders as she slipped it off over my head. At the contact of skin on skin, my cock jerked against the fly of my jeans, urging, begging me to bury myself in her and get lost.

Heat flared in her eyes as my cock nudged her belly. She reached for my jeans, and I bit back a curse. “God, Zia, you’re killing me.”

I had to get control, and quick, before I did something else stupid. Gently, I eased her hands away from the buttons of my jeans, before I tugged violently at them myself. I wasn’t wearing boxers, so the only barrier between us was lace.

I was far gentler with her skirt and that flimsy scrap of material she called a thong. I groaned as I cupped the generous curves of her ass. “Ease your legs open a little, baby.”

When she complied, I cursed as her wet heat slid against the tip of my straining cock. Fuck. I was going to come. That was it. I was going to lose my shit and come all over her before I ever got to know the joy of sinking into her slick tightness.

I needed her closer. I needed her desperate. With a groan, I shifted us to the fountain. After midnight the water was turned off. I sat her on the ledge and she leaned back as I dragged down the skirt she’d tossed on, leaving only that lacy piece of fabric between me and her.

I kissed her slowly, sliding my tongue against hers, teasing her until she mewled and writhed against me. I slid the lace aside and shuddered when the sensitive tip sank inside her slick depths for just a moment.

Yes. Christ. Had anything ever felt so good?

No dipshit, because you’re bare.

Bare.

So good. So soft.

Bare and hot and slick and fuck me… no condom.

I forced myself to still and find those two working brain cells and put those motherfuckers to work. “Zia,” I ground out through clenched teeth. “No condom.”

Her head was thrown back and her inner walls were clamping around me in little miniature squeezes, coaxing me to misbehave.

You want to. Just do it. Sink in and fuck her until neither of you can walk or talk.

I fought the devil on my shoulder with every ounce of will power I had left. She wasn’t helping me with those micromovements though. My resolve was weakening. I could feel it slipping away.

“Zia. C’mon. Let’s go back. I’m losing control here.” My voice was low, guttural. I sounded every bit the caveman.

She shook her head. “Birth control.” Her breath came out in short puffs. “On. It.” Her nails scored down my back, to my ass, pulling me further inside.

I swallowed hard. “Christ. Zia.” Think jackass, think. “Zia, been tested recently.” God, I couldn’t even string sentences together. “Never done this.”

Her legs locked behind me and I slid in another inch. My damn eyes crossed. “Fuck.”

“Me neither. Never trusted anyone.”

Even in my burning state, I understood what she was saying. This was a big deal. “Christ. Zia, maybe…”

“I want this.” She licked her lips. “Feels… so…” Her eyes fluttered closed again when I tried to pull back incrementally. “Yes, God, right there, Theo.”

Fuck. I was going to lose it. I wasn’t going to make it. “Are you sure?” My question was more of a plea.

She lifted her head and nodded. “Yes. I’m sure. I need you like this.”

She didn’t have to ask me twice. I snapped my hips back and drove them forward, sinking into her to the hilt.

Her head snapped up and her eyes went wide. “Theo!”

I let my hands freely roam from her ass, to her flat, firm waist, to the generous handfuls of her breasts. I lightly circled the tip with my thumb, and Zia clamped her thighs around me tighter, trying to draw me closer.

Dipping my head as I bent her backward, I grazed first one nipple with my stubble and then the other. I followed up with my tongue and with playful tugs with my teeth.

“Theo, Jesus.”

As I feasted on her nipples, I whispered, “You taste like heaven.”

She answered with a rotation of her hips, and my cock jerked again, insistently desperate for her heat. I slid a hand between us, searching for her center. I growled her name as I found her clit and stroked. “So, fucking wet.”

She bucked as I drew circular patterns with my thumb. My other hand gripped her ass, holding her firmly. My finger dipped down the seam of flesh. When I found her pucker, I pushed against the tight bundle of nerves.

Her chants of, “Oh my god. Oh my god,” drove me on. I slowly slid my finger past the tight ring of muscle again. I buried my lips in her neck. With each gentle slide and retreat of my finger, I whispered to her. How good she felt. How I couldn’t wait to taste her. How much I never wanted to leave her slick heat.

Even though she dug her nails into my shoulders and softly whimpered, I took my time. Never mind that I was on the verge of spontaneously combusting. I kept up the slow, lazy retreat and entry.

She rocked her hips into my questing hand. Hell. She was so hot. “Theo, please I need more. Harder, faster.”

I smiled against her. “You like this, my sweet angel?"

She gave a little frustrated growl, and I chuckled. “Yes, faster, Theo.”

I dragged my head back to watch her as I stroked deep. Her gaze fluttered open and met mine, not wavering.

Fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Not once did she take her eyes off of mine. As I loved her, she milked me slowly, then again, and I bit back a strangled choke. I was in trouble. Would she always do this to me? “So good. Oh, Fuck.”

Still, she didn’t take her gaze off of mine. Instead, she sheathed me before smiling. That simple, confident smile had an orgasm chasing partway up my spine.

Hell, if that didn’t wreak havoc with my self-control. I pulled nearly all the way out. Her rocking motions caused her sex to rub against the tip of my cock, and I had to clench my jaw to ward off the orgasm.

I shuddered. “I don’t know what you’re doing to me.”

Her smile was like a moonbeam. “Only the same thing you’re doing to me.”

With slow, tilting motions of my hips, I slid in to the hilt again with slow, aching precision. She moaned and threw her head back while I gritted my teeth and cursed. “Fuck.” Bliss.

Taking advantage of her exposed flesh, I nipped at the column of her neck, even as I drove forward. On my retreat, she milked me with the tight sheath of her core. She dug her nails deep, scoring tracks of fire into my upper back and shoulders.

As she moaned my name, I knew the danger. This would never be enough. I would need this like a drug. I would crave it. She was already under my skin.

“Theo, I—”

Reaching between us, I resumed stroking her clit with my thumb in slow circles, even as I picked up the pace. “Christ, you feel so good. You want to come for me sweet girl? You want to show me how much you love this?”

Her body clamped down tighter around my aching cock as I drove her higher and higher. With a shuddering breath, her legs tightened around me, and her delicate fingers twined into my hair, pulling me close.

She whispered my name, and her body clamped tight around mine.

I could feel her, careening for the cliff. She pushed herself up from the fountain, trying to get closer to me. Trying to get more. Her head fell back, her whispered words were less and less coherent.

I kept up my pace, refusing to let the lightning catch my spine. I was going to ride this out for her. I wanted her to come around me. I needed to feel it.

The moment the cord she held onto snapped, her body clamped down hard around mine. Tight. Wet. Hot. Sexy and sin and beautiful woman.

I ground my teeth together. The tingle in my spine morphed into molten fire, and I couldn’t hold back. “Zia.”

The explosion of pleasure rocketed up my spine and threatened to snap it in two. All I could do was hold on as I sank past her tightness as deep into her womb as I could go.

I loved her so much. How the hell was I ever going to let her go? I dropped my forehead to hers and kissed her softly. “C’mon, let’s take this show back to my bed. You can take a quick nap, and then I plan on doing this again.”

“Wow, you two sure are enthusiastic. I’ll give you a perfect ten for ingenuity.”

Jesus Christ, we’d both been caught with our literal pants down.





16





Zia…





Ariel was pissed.

Beyond pissed, I think. I'd never seen her so quiet. Her green eyes were sparkling as she sat in the suite Theo and I were sharing with her arms crossed, glowering at me. She’d already told him to make himself scarce. When he looked like he might refuse, she took out her guns.

He got the hint.

I had no idea what to say. There was a part of me that sort of felt like I'd disappointed my mother.

But she's not your mother. She's your boss. And she’d caught me shagging my boyfriend in the Rose Garden like a couple of teenagers.

And as much as I respected her, she couldn't be a hypocrite. After all, she'd married the man she was sent to protect. Did she somehow have a different set of rules for the rest of us?

"So, what do you think I should do with you?"

I inhaled deeply. "Ariel, look, I'm sorry, but my relationship has nothing to do with my ability to do my job."

"So, you think your relationship has nothing to do with it?"

"It doesn't. Theo and I are figuring it out, but I can still watch his back."

"Oh, yeah? Is that why you wanted to jump up and kill Timothy Arlington tonight?"

I frowned. "I did not." I totally did.

"Look, when you took this assignment, I told you how difficult emotional entanglements would be. I couldn't very well tell you not to screw your client since it seems to be an epidemic around here, but I told you what would happen. That sometimes you’d make choices that weren't good for the job."

She had told me that.

"Yes, but the choices I made—"

She put up her hand. "No. When you took your client to your old apartment, an unsecured location, so you could have a little alone time with your new boyfriend, that was a mistake."

"Yes, but—"

She shook her head. "And then you and I had a conversation about how that was a mistake and how you weren't going to make any more mistakes like that. And then, fully exposed, you decided to take him to pound town in the middle of the Rose Garden?"

"The palace is secure," I muttered stubbornly, even though I knew better.

The hand that she'd had up now pointed a finger at me. "Do you have any idea how long I was standing there watching you two? With the 'Oh, Theos', and the 'Oh my God, you feel so good’?"

Heat suffused my face. Shit. "No, ma'am."

She grinned then. "If ‘ma'am’ weren’t so terrible a form of address, I'd appreciate it because it shows that you completely understand the gravity of the situation."

"It's not what it seemed like. I thought the palace was secured and I—"

“So, you're forgetting how, not so long ago, Ian bombed the Cabana on the beach? Still on palace grounds?"

"No, of course not." A friend of Prince Tristan's from his childhood had tried to kill him. We all knew exactly how confusing and frustrating it was. Ariel had almost died. The prince had almost died. And Ian... God, he'd been given access to the castle. Seen as one of the team. "Yes, I remember. Of course."

Ariel nodded. "And you remember how we're not sure who on the Royal Guard we can actually trust?"

I swallowed hard. I could see where this was going. "Yes, I understand that."

"Good, because that means you understand why the king, Sebastian Winston, assigned us as King's Knights. It’s because he can trust us to get the job done, to not fuck up on our watch."

I swallowed again. Oh, fuck. I was so screwed.

"Yes, I understand."

"Okay, good. So you understand that Theo Coleman was your charge. You are meant to protect him, and you understand all the dangers he could be facing."

I nodded. "Yes, I understand."

"And you still chose to bone him in public where anyone could have come along and caught the two of you. Do you understand how difficult it is to train a King's Knight?"

I shook my head. "No, I don't."

"Of course, you don’t. Because while you have been military trained and would have been a great Royal Guard, as a Knight, you need to understand the nuances of the royal family."

"I understand. I messed up. It's just been so complicated, and—" I stopped myself. There was nothing I could really say because she was right. As much as I wanted Theo, there were a million other places to make love to him. A million other secure places. And as much as I wanted him, I was supposed to protect him. And Ariel had gotten my gun, which meant anyone could have gotten my gun. She'd been silent as a church mouse. She could have been an assassin hell-bent on killing him. And we didn't know who was after him. Not to mention his stupid father was the Queen Mother's brother. If he had been involved, he would have full access to the palace, and he could have killed him. I hadn't seen all the risks until just now. I was an idiot, and I was about to be fired. "Ariel, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to fall in love with him, but I did, and—"

She sighed. "Zia, you're a good agent. You're a good Knight. You throw yourself heart and soul into everything that you do. Not necessarily in the safest manner, but you're all-in. And as an agent, I love that. Good for you on finding love, because I know how difficult that can be. But we talked about this. I warned you about it, and still you didn't listen. You put him at risk."

"I know, and I'm so sorry. I understand where you're coming from, and I'll turn in my badge in the morning."

She frowned. "What do you mean?"

I lifted my brows. "You're not firing me?"

She coughed a laugh. "What?"

"Firing me, because basically, if you’d been an assassin, I'd be dead and so would Theo. I know he's not technically a billionaire, but he is still technically Sebastian's cousin. I fucked up."

She really laughed then. "If I fired everyone who fucked up, I don't think I'd have any agents left. Not to mention, I'd have to kill Penny. Ooh, and I'd have to kill the king himself. Oh, yes, and let’s not forget Prince Lucas. I would have to definitely kill him. Oh, and I’d have to kill myself. Oh God, there would be a special kind of death for Prince Tristan."

I frowned. "I don't understand."

"Oh, sweetheart, I'm not firing you. I don't fire people who screw up. I teach them a lesson, and either they learn, or they fire themselves. It’s truly excellent people management."

My stomach turned. "Um, what are you going to do to punish me?"

"I don't want you to see this as punishment. I want you to see this as an opportunity."

"This doesn't sound good."

She grinned, looking every bit the redheaded pixie mermaid as her namesake.

"You are no longer assigned to Theo. I'm going to put Trace on him full-time. You will no longer be staying with him. If you want to date him, great. Have at it. Bang that pseudo-billionaire all you want. But you will be assigned full-time to Derrick Arlington."

"I don't understand. He's gone."

She grinned. "Not any more. It turns out that our missing billionaire was not actually missing. No one took him. He simply walked out of that exit you found. He took that hidden elevator to the joint walkway between his building and the next one over, and then he walked across to the other building and out."

"He's not missing anymore?"

She shook her head. "Nope."

My pulse hammered, and my mouth went dry. "Where has he been? We were worried sick."

She lifted a brow. "So worried you decided to bang his twin brother?"

I opened my mouth to say something and then had to shut it again because she had a point. I'd been oh-so worried about him. "Where was he? What has he been doing?"

"Well, it seems that the billionaire royal decided he needed to take a little trip to Ibiza, to recover from, you know, his previous kidnapping."

I blinked. "What?"

She nodded enthusiastically. "Oh, yes. We tracked him down. He's been having a grand old time."

"All this time? We've been worried."

"Yes, we all have. But as it turns out, he's perfectly fine."

"I will kill him myself."

"Oh, yes, I understand the feeling, but you will do no such thing. We’re going to monitor the situation and keep a very, very close eye on him."

"Jesus Christ, he's an idiot."

Ariel grinned again. "Oh, yes, he is. But he's your idiot now. Your entire job now is to keep him safe. Keep him from coming to harm or pulling another disappearing act. You think you can manage that?"

"You're serious about this?"

"As a heart attack. You're in charge of watching him now, making sure he doesn't get dead."

"Jesus."

"Yeah, so go ahead and find Theo. Cuddle all you want, because in the morning, you're on a whole new detail."

"Theo is still in danger."

"I recognize that, and I wouldn't just leave him uncovered. He just won't have coverage from you."

My gut clenched. She had every right to be angry. I had screwed up. And there was nothing I could say about it.

"Where is Derrick now?"

"Oh, that's the best part. Seeing as I know what it's like to be in love and just want to be with your boo, I'm putting Derrick with Theo right here in this suite, just adding him to the mix. They’ll be rooming together. Easier to keep track of. Good luck figuring out which brother is which."

With that, she stood and walked away, leaving me to stare behind her. I was going to be rooming with both brothers. Bloody fantastic.





Theo…

What.

The.

Fuck.

The only thing keeping me from kicking my twin brother's ass was the presence of King Sebastian, Prince Lucas, Roone and Lex. I’d been called to Sebastian’s office while Ariel was giving Zia the dressing down.

"Where the fuck have you been?"

Derrick waved a hand drunkenly about. "Oh, mate, cool your tits. I had a previous engagement in Ibiza, and I wasn't going to miss it for anything. You guys are going to make me return to work. Ugh. God, does anyone have anything for this headache? The hangover coming down from Molly and McClelland is epic."

Sebastian stood there with his arms crossed.

Lex gave me a wink. "Yeah, Sebastian called Xander and I and said there had been a hit on one of his aliases. I was the closest, so I went to confirm. Ariel and Roone were the extraction team."

Sebastian gave him a nod of thanks. Lex just shrugged. "He might be a twat, but he's still our cousin."

I chuckled. "That seems to be the prevailing thought."

"Xander is sorry he couldn't be here. He had a gig in New York."

I liked Lex. He hadn't talked much about his mom, but now that I knew a little bit more about him, all the lines made sense. One big happy family. I turned back to Sebastian. "What does this mean? Am I off the hook? Can I go back home?"

Sebastian rubbed his jaw. "Mate, I don't fucking know. He wasn't kidnapped, but there is still a threat to you, both of you. Even though this one is an idiot and doesn't seem to know it. I'm not sure what to do with you right now."

Roone rolled his shoulders. "God, why can't shit ever be easy with us?"

Sebastian laughed. "Who wants easy?"

Lucas raised his hand. "Me. I want easy. Jesus Christ, every time I turn around someone is trying to shoot at us, steal our thrones, or literally steal our crowns."

Sebastian rolled his eyes. "You are usually the only one trying to steal anything."

Lucas rolled his eyes. "I haven't tried to steal anything in months. God, one time I tried to steal something."

Roone coughed and laughed at the same time. "One time?"

"Ugh, but Lord Tressel had it coming."

Lex didn't bother trying to hide his laugh. "I know him. I'm glad you got his watch."

"Sebastian made me gave it back though," Lucas mumbled under his breath. “But then I got engaged to his daughter, so I came out the victor in the end.”

"Oh, for Christ's sake, can we get back to the problem at hand?"

We all turned our attention to Sebastian, who was glaring at Derrick. "Do you understand the amount of man hours that I've had to spend looking for you?"

"I'm not sure why you bothered. You had a replacement."

"I'm not a fucking spare," I growled. "You just fucking took off."

"Sorry, bro," he said with an affected American accent. "We still had a week on the contract."

"I'm going to fucking kill him." I lunged for him, but Roone stepped in my way.

"Easy does it. No twinicide here. Or what is it called?" Derrick asked flippantly.

"Fratricide," Sebastian mumbled. "And we'd have to clean up the blood, very messy. You can't kill him. He's got to go back to work."

I lifted my head hopefully. "Does that mean I'm off the hook? I can go back to my life then?"

Sebastian shook his head. "Technically, you're not one of my subjects, so I can't force you to stay. But until we figure out what the fuck is going on, it's safer if you stay at the palace. But you don't have to go back to work at Arlington. That would just be confusing. But we do need to figure out who's after you, and the sooner we figure that out, the sooner you can safely go home."

The thing was I wasn't exactly in a hurry to go home anymore. I needed to go home and check on my mother, yes. But Kyle said she was safe for now, and there was Zia to think about. God, Zia. Very unhelpfully, my brain offered up the sight of the moonlight on her golden skin, my hands grabbing her ass as I filled her deep. Jesus Christ, I went a little dizzy as the blood rushed to my dick.

Let's not forget that you could have been killed out there.

If Ariel had meant for us to be dead, my blood would be splattered all over that pretty garden. And just like that, my dick deflated. Thank God. "I'd like to see this through. When I leave, I want to know there's nothing hanging over my head."

Lucas eyed me. "Are you sure you want to go back?"

"I have a life. I need to get back to it."

Sebastian nodded. "But for now, your mother is being taken care of. Her medical bills are covered."

I shook my head. "I don't want you to do that."

"Like it or not, you're my cousin, and there is a trust for all of us. You’re entitled to a share that you've never received. Or maybe you have, through Arlington. I don't know. But your share of the royal trust has been placed in an account for you. I personally paid for your mother's care until we could get it set up, but now you'll have access to it. You can do what you want. You don't have to stay here, but you don't have to necessarily go back to your old life. If you want to stay, you could."

“Why would I be entitled to the royal trust? Even if I’m your cousin, I’m not a Winston.”

Sebastian smiled. “My mother’s line. Dad was progressive. The laws read that all direct relations to the King and Queen shall draw from the royal fund since it was grown by the love, care, and attention of both royal lines. Some fancy wording was put in to cover my mother’s siblings and their children as they were all from a deposed line themselves.” He shrugged. “A certain percentage is allocated to the Nomea line.”

This was too much. I couldn’t even process all the words he was saying. "I don't really know what to say to that."

Lucas pushed to his feet. "Well, that's enough feelings for me. Somebody call me when you know what you want to do with the douche bag. I know some people who would be happy to move some body parts. Bury it out in a desert where no one could find them."

I frowned. "He's kidding, right?"

Roone shrugged. "Hard to tell with him."

Lex laughed. "I should come to the islands more often. Or you guys should come to London more often. I haven't laughed this much in years."

"We still haven’t decided what to do with him," I reminded them.

Sebastian gave me a sheepish smile. "Well, about that, since he has a tendency to disappear when he’s on his own, we're going to put him in a suite with you."

My brows popped. "What?"

"It'll just be easier to keep track of him. Besides, you might not have heard from Ariel yet, but he's going to have a dedicated guard."

"Jax or Trace?" I asked.

He scrubbed his jaw. "Actually, Zia."

I frowned. "But Zia is my guard."

He shrugged. "I got a text from Ariel before we had this little shindig. Zia has been reassigned. To Derrick. Trace will be on you."

I cursed under my breath. So that's how she was going to do it. I knew the moment she’d found us in the Rose Garden that Ariel was going to punish Zia for what we’d done. And this was how she planned to do it.





17





Theo…





Zia's irritated groan/shriek from the window told me she was in no fucking mood. I was out of the bathroom in a flash and quickly wrapped a towel around my waist before running out into the living room to see what was going on.

I found my brother, naked as the day he was born, leaning against the kitchen island. Zia was at the French doors, with her back turned. Hands in her pockets.

I knew for a fact she liked to keep her gun in her pocket. "Listen man, if you want to keep your balls intact, leave her be."

My brother laughed. "Fine. Fine. Fine. I’ll be a good boy. I won't tease her about my man parts even though she's already gotten a good look at them."

Zia turned to face me. "Seriously, I swear to God if you do not do something with him, I will. He will die."

"Yeah, yeah. I know, he's a pain in the ass."

"This goes beyond pain in the ass. He's a prick."

Derrick couldn’t resist. "Correction, I have a big prick. Come on, just turn around and tell me how I am compared to my brother. It seems like he's shy."

Zia turned around then, and I knew it. She was going to murder him. She took three steps in his direction, and it was going to be over soon. "I'll kill you."

"Okay, okay. Easy does it. Fine. I'll put it away." He grabbed one of the hand towels from the kitchen that he used to cover his dick.

That only made her groan more. "Jesus Christ, Derrick, we cook with that one."

He grinned. "What? You said cover up. I covered it up. You can't be mad."

She stared at me. "I swear to God."

"I know. He's an asshole. I got you."

"He's more than an asshole. He is deliberately doing this."

"You know what? I don't doubt it. I don't doubt it for a minute. But still, relax, okay? He's just trying to needle you."

Derrick winked at her. "And by needle, I mean," he moved his hips again, and I sent a scowl in his direction. He put up both hands and the towel dropped.

I groaned. "Dude, come on."

He chuckled, grabbed the towel, and headed for his room. Zia turned to face me then. "I quit. I'm going to quit my job. I don't need this job. I can do anything. You know what? I would rather be in the Royal Guard with my ex-boyfriend than deal with his shit."

She stormed out of the room.

He was a pain in the ass, but he was my brother, wasn't he? I had to refrain from killing him. I just hoped that Zia could eventually see it that way and could manage not to murder him at the office.





Zia…

“I hate him.”

"It's fine. Go to work. Do what you have to do. Just pretend he's me." Theo kissed my shoulder as I slipped on my jacket.

"Except he's not you.”

"I’ll talk to him, tell him to behave."

"Don’t bother. I think he gets off on it."

"Look, I'm sure it's only temporary. I'll be working with Sebastian and Ariel today, and we'll try to track down any leads we've got. You're only on first shift anyway, so it's just through the day. You just have to survive and do what you've been doing."

"I'm going to kill him myself."

"I offered last night, but Sebastian said no."

I chuckled then. "Would you really kill him for me? I'm pretty sure that would be tantamount to treason, considering he has royal blood and all."

“Fucking royal blood, blah, blah, blah.”

I gave him a soft smile. He still didn’t get it did he? "Technically, you have royal blood too."

Theo frowned. "I never thought of that."

"I mean, it's true. Queen Mother Alexa comes from the Nomea line."

"Nomea? That’s the tiny country off the coast of France, right?"

She nodded. "Today you can probably brush up on some of your history too. I mean, your other history. The history you don't know. Three generations ago, your great-grandfather and his family were deposed by their version of the Royal Council. His cousin took the throne by force and exiled the whole family. They managed to take their offshore wealth and grow it, becoming titans of business and refusing to give up their titles. The deposed king and his wife had two children. The son died in a car accident, but their daughter, your grandmother, was married to an English Duke. Anyway, it's a long, complicated history."

"Yeah, sounds like it."

"When King Theodore and Queen Sara were exiled, their daughter, your grandmother Delena, was with them. Even though King Theodore's cousin sat on the throne, the people still wanted the original ruler back, but they were never allowed to return. Delena eventually married a businessman, James Arlington, a Duke of England. And they had your father, Queen Mother Alexa, and another daughter, Stephanie, who is Lex and Xander’s mum."

"Well, you know my family history better than I do."

I shook my head. "Only because we all had to learn both Queen Alexa's and King Cassius’s histories in school when they were on the throne. King Cassius was insistent that women's history should not be erased, and she does come from a royal line herself. So, that makes you some kind of long-lost prince of some sort, I guess."

He rolled his eyes. "Oh, fantastic. I'm a royal."

I laughed. "Most people would be thrilled by that."

"I'm not. Sure, it would have been cool if I had known any of this growing up, but right now it's hard to process."

"I get it. If it makes you feel any better, technically, you wouldn't be in line for the Nomean throne. I think that would be Lex or Xander since Stephanie was the oldest. But you and Derrick are in that mix."

"Well, that's promising then. So, I'm not actually a prince."

I shrugged. "Well, they were deposed, so no, not a prince. But if they ever get their throne back, you're welcome to be a prince."

"Trippy, I guess."

I sighed. "Look, take your time. See what you can figure out. I need to go to work with Satan's spawn out there."

He laughed. "Considering I’ve met Timothy Arlington, that is remarkably accurate."

I laughed. "Oh, I'm sorry. That makes you Satan's spawn too. But I like you. Maybe you're just part Satan's spawn, and your mom is part angel?"

He laughed. "Oh, I'm no angel. I think I already showed you that last night."

His fingers hooked into the belt loops of my skirt, and he tugged me closer. Instant melting. God, all I wanted to do was climb back into bed and sit on his face. But no. No. I was not going to do that because I had to go to work. And if I didn't get to him any second now, Derrick Arlington was going to do something stupid.

But Theo was kissing my neck, running his nose along my skin with his lips as the chaser, teasing me, making me want to quit my job so that I wouldn’t have to babysit the dumb fuck.

But then, what would you do? Who would you be?

That was a very good point. So reluctantly, I groaned and stepped back. "I can't. I have to go to work."

"Well, you look beautiful. And I know you're going to be badass."

"I certainly hope so."

When I stepped out into the main living area, Trace was barring the door, stopping Derrick from leaving. He gave me a nod when he saw me. "This asshole tried to leave?"

Trace's lips tipped into a crooked smile. "Yup, sure did."

Derrick shook his head and placed a hand on his chest over his heart as if that would mean anything to me. "Moi? I would never try to do that. I was going to see my cousin."

I nodded. "Okay, then we'll go together. Until this is over, we are attached at the hip."

“You make that sound so dirty.” As I passed him, and a hand smacked at my ass. Just like his father had done that first day.

I whirled on him, really wanting to go for a face shot. But I knew that could be seen, so instead, I counterstruck with my left to the gut. He doubled over and muttered, “Motherfucker.”

"You put your hands on me again and you'll come up missing a couple of digits, do you understand?"

He was still bent over, clutching his midsection. "You realize I can have you removed from my detail, right?"

"Yes, God, please. I beg you."

He scowled up at me then finally stood. "Okay, so you don't punch like a girl. And you've got some steel behind you. I like that, so it's not all bad."

"How are your insides? Are your intestines still there?"

He nodded and gave me a grin that was so familiar it made my stomach clench. Jesus, they really did look alike. Well, except for the eyes. To me, it appeared Derrick was just a wee bit cross-eyed, and he didn't have the same easy smile that Theo did. I would always be able to tell them apart.

"Let's go."

"What, you're not going to scurry back there and give my brother a big smooch? Or am I a good stand-in?"

I whirled at him. "Let me be clear; I will tolerate no innuendo, no sexual banter, no flirting. If you get the urge to try it, remember what just happened right here and know that the next time I’ll do worse. Do you understand?"

"You're my guard. You’re not allowed to harm me."

"Yes, but your king happens to be my direct boss, and he won’t take kindly to you harassing me, so you won't touch me again. You won't make comments, and you will refrain from being an overall douche. Do you understand?"

His gaze narrowed just a bit, but then he nodded. "Yeah, I got it."

I turned around then, and Trace was beaming at me. "Damn. I'm scared of you."

I gave him a curt nod. "Well, you should be." God, I certainly hoped that I was going to survive this. Because at the end of the day, I had a distinct feeling only one of us was going to be standing. And that would, unfortunately, mean that I had killed the billionaire.

You can't kill him.

Right. Note to self; Do not kill the billionaire.

I worried that might be easier said than avoided.





18





Zia…





I could tell it was going to be a hell of a morning. Derrick didn't show me any more of his goods though, so that was something.

Jax was acting as actual security, and he drove instead of Tim. I was still playing the role of Derrick’s assistant, which meant I should go to meetings with him. It also meant he'd gladly try to give me assistant work, and so would Olivia. But her, I could ignore.

Our first stop was Timothy Arlington. Derrick strode toward his father's office as if he didn't know I was trying to tail him, so I had to run to keep up. Luckily, I had worn my Stuart Weitzman chunky heels, but it was still an effort. He had a good foot on me. After all, he and Theo were the same height. "Mr. Arlington, do you think you can slow down a little so I can keep up?"

He turned and gave me a smirk. "You're supposed to be accommodating me, right? Not the other way around."

"Well, why don't you walk into a room on your own then, and let’s see if someone tries to shoot you."

He hesitated at that, but he did slow down his pace.

He didn't bother knocking at his father's door. He just marched right in Timothy Arlington’s office like he belonged there.

His father seemed none too pleased. "Jesus Christ, do you know how to knock? Didn’t your mother cover that?"

Derrick laughed, and I closed the door behind us. "Well, that's a funny thing. Seeing as the woman who raised me until I was seven years old wasn't my mother."

Arlington's brows drew up.

"Dear old Dad."

"They told me that you’d been taken, that you were gone. I told them I must be kept abreast every day."

"Ah, well, I had to blow off some steam in Ibiza. But I'm back now, so we can resume our I hate you… No, I hate you more scenario."

Timothy ran a hand down his face. "Not you, too. Do you want to talk about what the hell is going on with that Theo character? Or is this just more of your games?"

Derrick unbuttoned his jacket and then easily folded himself into one of the chairs across from his father. He had an air about him that was far more cocky and insolent than Theo had ever been as he took a give-no-fucks posture where he slouched in the seat. "Nah, Dad, I've only ever pretended to be someone else once, maybe twice. You know, to date a girl... oh, or to delegate the supervision of a company to someone else for a while so I can get away from you."

The older man looked distinctly uncomfortable, and his gaze flickered to me. "You don't have to stay. I'll deal with my son."

I shrugged. "All the same."

Derrick narrowed his gaze to me then. "He knows that you're my guard?"

I nodded.

Derrick turned his attention back to his father. "Did you figure it all out, or did he have to tell you?"

"Theo told me. More like confronted me with it. Then everything made sense because he hadn’t been himself. Or rather you hadn’t seemed yourself."

Derrick grinned. "God, I wish I could have been there to see your face. I mean, what a coup de grâce, right? I missed it all because of the most magnificent pair of tits I have ever seen. But hey, models, right?"

The older Arlington scowled at him. "That's where you were? In Ibiza? You weren't kidnapped or hurt?"

Derrick laughed then. "Aww, come on Dad, were you worried? I'm surprised you didn't jump at the chance of a replacement. After all, he looks just like me, and he's generally a better person, I think. I thought you'd be overjoyed."

The older man stood. "You are my legacy. I have given you everything, the best of it. You know this world. He doesn't know any of it."

I wanted to beg to differ, but I didn't bother. These were not Theo's people. The charade was up for him. He could finally just be himself and get back to his life.

His life without you.

I had to consider that. But if it meant that he might be happier and he might have a real shot at a happy life, I wanted him to have it. I didn’t want him to be stuck with these guys. Even though I knew he'd always wanted a brother, the jury was still out on Derrick.

“Ah, yes, your legacy,” Derrick said. "You don't listen, Dad. I don't want any of this legacy. Never have."

Arlington rubbed the bridge of his nose. "Want it or not, it's yours. I'm glad you're not dead, at least."

His son laughed. "Why? Do you want to do it yourself? I know Theo has concerns about the merger, and frankly, I share some of them. But after reviewing the files some more, I've decided we're moving forward. I'm calling the board members to convene tomorrow, so we'll hold the vote and close out this deal."

Arlington's brows dropped. "Are you serious?"

Derrick laughed. "I never joke about money."

I frowned at that. Theo had worked hard to stall the vote so he could get more information. Was this a good idea?

Not your business. Your only business is the body in front of you and making sure it doesn't get holes in it and bleed all over the place.

Yeah, I knew that, but still. It didn't sound right. It didn't seem right. Was I missing something?

"Well, there’s at least one thing we agree on. And if you ever turn the devil loose at the helm of my company again, I will kill you myself."

I narrowed my gaze at the older Arlington. "If you’ll refrain from threatening my client, then I won't have to plug you in the hole."

Timothy Arlington turned a deep shade of red and lifted a brow at me. "You're speaking to me?"

"Yes. You just leveled a direct threat against my client."

The older man shook his head. "What's the world coming to when a nobody thinks they can touch me any way they like?"

"Well, the nobodys are the ones with the guns right now, so let me remind you again to refrain from threatening my client."

Derrick pushed to his feet then. "God, I knew I was going to like you."

And then he left his father's office without being dismissed.

The rest of the day went by in a whirlwind. By the end of it, I was in a state of pure exhaustion.

When we left the office, I thought Derrick would want to return to the palace, but instead, he turned to me in the passenger seat. “Mind if we take a drive?”

I blinked at him. “Uh… okay.” I radioed to Trace in the follow car that we’d be taking the scenic route through the old town.

"You know, Zia, you aren't a bad bodyguard. Thanks for covering me today."

"Well, I wouldn't be very good if I couldn't even manage that."

He studied me closely. "Why did you become a bodyguard anyway?"

"Well, there's something noble about being a Royal Guard, but that path didn't quite work out the way it was supposed to for me. Royal Elite gave me another shot to make a difference, save actual lives. I've always wanted to do that. And I could use my computer skills."

He studied me for a long moment. "You really are one of those protect-and-serve types, aren't you?"

I shrugged. "I guess I've been doing it my whole life. I don't really know how to be anything different."

"So, what's your deal? You and my brother just shagging or is he your boyfriend?"

I laughed. "Boyfriend? That sounds so funny and somehow less intense than what we are. But yeah, I guess."

He chuckled. "Ah, so Theo got his shit together then?"

"Yeah, well, it was a little complicated."

We parked at the overlook on Old King’s Road. "He's lucky."

I grinned. "I am pretty awesome,” I said as we climbed out of the car and walked over to the railing of Old King’s bridge.

He smiled at that. "You are. I mean, you basically kept him alive."

"Well, I take my job very seriously."

He stepped into my personal space, and I frowned. What the hell?

"I'm trying to figure out though… can you really tell us apart?"

The frown lines stayed firmly etched in my forehead. "Yes, it’s quite easy to discern the difference."

He lifted a brow. "Oh, really? Why? We're the same height. Obviously, we're identical."

"It's your eyes."

"Same color."

"I can just tell."

"Are you sure? Because what if I had been Theo all damn day?"

"You haven't been. Besides, I have a tracker on Theo. It's an alarm on my phone. People keep trying to kidnap him, so it makes it a little easier to protect him when I’m able to track him."

His laugh was low. "Wow, all right then." His gaze searched mine. "I've always wondered what it would be like to have someone who actually cares about me."

I started to soften. His whole life had been cruelty. Well, there was Elena. She had loved him. But he had a stepmother who found it hard to accept him, his father was Timothy Arlington, which was pretty much enough said. Growing up, he’d known he wasn't loved by the only parents he knew. "It must be awful growing up like that."

He shrugged. "It was fine. I mean, after all, I had money. Having money makes it all better, doesn't it?"

“I wouldn’t know. I grew up here, in the Old Town.”

His eyes went wide, and he blinked rapidly. “Oh, I had no idea.”

I couldn’t help but laugh. “The way you say that, it’s as if you found out I was raised by wolves or something. I mean have you ever even been to the Old Town proper? Talked to the people? Experienced it?”

He was quiet for a long moment, and as I watched his profile, I couldn’t help thinking how utterly alone he looked. “I wasn’t exactly allowed in this part of town as a kid.”

I frowned. “What do you mean not allowed? How could you not be allowed? The best restaurants are in the Old Town."

He nodded. "I’ve heard, but the old man had a list of off-limits activities. Being kidnapped had a tendency to ruin your ability to be adventurous."

I winced. "Yeah. What happened to you anyway? How did you escape?"

He rolled his shoulders. " Once it became really clear that my Dad wasn't getting me out of there, I bolted. I was lucky enough to find something to cut the cable ties with, and I was out."

I frowned. It was a really rushed-over version of how he escaped, but I just chalked it up to childhood trauma.

"No one was happy to see you when you got home?"

He shook his head. "Elena of course. But Dad, who knows? He was so cold when I got back. I'd heard them calling him about ransom. I think he was surprised to see me walk in."

"Jesus."

"It's fine. I don't need the 'Daddy didn't love me enough' pity speech."

"That’s not what I'm giving you. It's just called empathy."

He shrugged. "Yeah, I guess."

"So, when you discovered Theo, you went to him because… what? You just wanted to know if either of you would feel something?"

For once he didn’t guard his answer. "I don't know. Honestly, I don't. At first, I just wanted to be near him to know if that twin-connection thing was real. And then I wanted answers. Obviously, he didn't know we were brothers. When I came up with the whole body-double idea, he was afraid things could get out of hand, but the further I went with it, the more I wanted it to happen. It was like a drug. And then sitting on that information about us being brothers was equal parts creepy and terrifying. Every day was like my whole life could have blown up."

"Oh, your life couldn't blow up."

"Are you kidding? I've been the heir apparent for so long I don't know what to do if I'm not the heir apparent."

"But do you want to be the heir apparent?"

He shrugged. "I suppose everyone needs something to do."

"Wow, you're cynical." We walked to a stretch of restaurants leading to the only pier we had in the Old Town area.

"Do you have our back?" I asked into my comms.

Jax's response was terse and quick. Trace was lighter, more jovial.

I made a game-show model’s wave of my arm. "Well, this is the Old Town."

Derrick didn't look like he wanted to venture very far.

"No one is going to bite you. You're perfectly safe here."

"Thank you."

"Yeah. I come here to think."

"How did you even find this spot? It's so tucked away."

"I grew up there.” I pointed at a tiny house that once housed my family. “The corridor is that way."

"Is your family still there?"

I shook my head. "I don't have any family left, other than my sister, and she and I are not on speaking terms at the moment."

He shrugged his shoulders. "Oh, take it from someone who knows all about not having any family; supposedly the good ones love you, warts and all."

"Yeah, you’re right… sometimes." I studied him carefully. "Would you rather head back to the palace?"

"No. It's nice out here."

I grinned at him. "Look at you, expanding your horizons."

"Theo… He's lucky to have you. I don't have a you."

"I think that’s probably by choice. I didn’t figure you for someone who wanted a you."

He laughed. "What do you know about it? Every man needs someone who's going to poke at their carefully constructed bullshit. I think you're that person whether it be friend or love interest."

I laughed. "Are you sure about that?"

He nodded solemnly. "Yeah, you are that person."

We walked down the pier, and I began to realize that the better I got to know Derrick the more similar he was to his brother. Not that different at all.





19





Zia…





I couldn't focus in the meeting. I could feel Theo's gaze on me. He was being sexy on purpose.

Can he really help that?

It was a Royal Elite meeting, so I couldn't very well turn away and be unprofessional. My charge was Derrick. I was supposed to focus on Derrick.

And my goddamn boss wanted an update.

Sebastian turned his attention to me. "Anything we need to know?"

I shook my head. "No. Aside from Derrick and Timothy getting into it at the office, it’s been pretty quiet." I then added, “After our little meeting, I tapped the senior Arlington’s phones. No calls made to anyone suspicious, just his security team, but that’s to be understood given all Theo told him. But no red flags.”

Jax spoke up. "All is quiet at the penthouse as well. Surveillance showed nothing. It's as if anyone who might have been watching either of them has stopped. Derrick has been ripe for the picking, and so has Theo, but nothing. Not even so much as a follow car."

Sebastian scrubbed his jaw. "What the fuck? All that activity for weeks, but then Derrick returns, and nothing?"

I shrugged. "Maybe whoever it was has nothing without Derrick in custody. Or maybe they want both of them. I don't know."

Sebastian ran his hands through his hair then turned his gaze toward Roone. "Mate, anything? Anything with the Guard? Anyone go to visit Ashton? I wouldn’t put any of this past my other cousin."

Roone shook his head. "We got nothing."

Sebastian groaned and then lifted his gaze to Ariel and asked, "What’s our Hail Mary?"

She laughed. "I wish I had something to tell you, Sebastian, but there is nothing on the phones, no listening devices, and no attempts to tap them. Everything surrounding Theo and Derrick is a dead zone. It's as if none of this ever happened. Like it was a full-on twilight zone episode for three weeks, and now that Derrick is back it’s radio silence."

Derrick perked up then. "It's like when I was kidnapped before."

We all turned our attention toward him. "What?"

He nodded. "I mean, I was only nine, but it’s still vivid in my memory. They caught one kidnapper. The other was killed. But I always said they were taking orders from someone, but the police had no idea about who that person was. Everything went silent, and no one found any trace of him. Which is bizarre, especially when Alistair got caught. He should have flipped, but he didn’t.”

Ariel sighed. I could tell she was frustrated. "I mean, if you want, we can expose them both a little more, take them out publicly. But it's risky. We want a controlled environment."

She pushed herself to her feet and started to pace. Ethan, Penny's father, pushed away from the wall. "It's not the worst idea I've ever heard. Maybe tip them off to how we’re doing things and let it get out that they are making a public appearance. Anything is possible. We change the equation, so they change the equation. We have to do something to draw them out."

Derrick grinned then. "I'm open to being bait."

Theo sat up. "If you're bait, that means she's bait. I don't like it."

I rolled my eyes. "Oh my God, you recognize I'm the bodyguard here, right?"

The other men in the room shifted their gazes. My assumption was that they understood what it felt like to watch their women march into danger. Luckily, Ariel was on my side. "She has a point there, Theo. She is a King’s Knight. She knows how to take care of herself."

"I'm not saying she doesn't. All I'm asking is, why put her in unnecessary danger?"

Ariel nodded. "I hear you. And I understand your concern, but we've got to do something. We can't just sit in a holding pattern waiting for something to happen."

Sebastian nodded. "Okay, let's give it some thought. Everyone’s dismissed. Theo, hang back for a minute."

Theo didn't look too thrilled, but he stayed back. Ariel walked with me as we left. Tamsin signaled to me that she'd call me later, and Jax was already on the phone to Neela. Trace hung back with Theo. And Jameson, well, she was already on her tablet, trying to work on something. New recruits weren't really invited to Team Winston Isles meetings yet. But that was coming sooner or later.

As all the others strolled by us, Ariel slid me a glance. "You know we’ll need to use Derrick as bait, right?"

"Yup. That's why I didn’t cut him off when he suggested it."

"Good. Sounds like we have an understanding. Will Theo be a problem?"

I glanced back at Sebastian's office. "No, I don't think so. Besides, I just won't tell him."

Ariel sighed. "I don't suggest that. After everything you guys have been through, being honest is a better policy. But he has to understand you’ve got to do your job."

"Don't worry, he won't be a problem." I just hoped that was the truth.





Zia…

While Theo and Derrick were both covered, I headed back toward the Rose Garden and our suite. It had been a long day, and I wanted to take a shower, grab some ice-cream, and watch trash television, just to give my brain a break.

When I rounded the corner, I stopped short to find Garrett at the entrance to the Rose Garden. “Oh, hi. What are you doing here?”

He gave me a sheepish smile. “Would you believe an evening stroll through the gardens?”

“Sure, if the Rose Garden didn’t lead to some of the private residences. There are more popular gardens in the palace, Garrett.”

He shuffled his feet. “Sorry. That was lame. I’d heard you were staying in the palace while you were on billionaire watch. And the rumors are flying that there are two of them. Someone saw both of them leaving the king’s office. Is it true? Have you been shacking up with two of them?”

The bark of shrill, hysterical laughter surprised me. “What the fuck? Are you out of your mind? You know what, yes. I’m shacking up with two billionaires. And I have to tell you, it’s a wild ride. Is that what you want to hear? Jesus.” I rubbed my eyes. “I am doing my level best to protect a man, and you’re here in my face wondering if I’m getting my threesome rocks off?”

I shook my head and tried to shove past him, but he grabbed my arm. “I’m not done talking to you.”

“The hell you aren’t. Let me go, Garrett.”

“Look, I was just worried about you. I can only imagine the kind of life Derrick Arlington leads. I don't want you caught up in that.”

I frowned and crossed my arms over my chest. “I need you to remind me, how is that your business again?”

He let out an exasperated puff of air like I was being deliberately daft. “You know why.”

“Nope. I haven’t the foggiest. Explain to me why you’ve lost your mind.”

He stared at me for a long moment. “I love you, and I want you back. How can you not see that?”

Jaw. Unhinged.

Whiskey. Tango. For fuck’s sake.

“Are you drunk right now? Is that what’s happening? I don’t have time for this.”

I tried to move past him, but he blocked my path, trapping us in the dimly lit corridor before the garden’s maze. “Let me by, Garrett. There’s nothing for us to talk about.”

“I just need you to listen for a minute. Sure, I messed up, but seeing you with that guy, it made me realize some things. I want to be with you. Publicly. For real. I’m sorry for everything. You can’t be with that guy. I mean a billionaire, fine, but he’s not capable of caring about you. I know guys like that.”

“You mean guys like you?” I tried to wedge my arm free, but it didn’t budge. “Let me go.”

He didn’t, instead his grip on my wrist tightened. The hell? I clamped my left hand on his hand that held my right wrist, then swung to the left before quickly twisting my right hand around to the pressure point on his wrist.

When he cried out and released me, he lunged for me, wrapping arms tight around me then slamming his lips on mine. The vomit rose up in my throat, threatening to choke me.

His arms were too tight. I couldn’t move. All I could do was rely on instinct… so I bit his lips, hard. The explosion of copper in my mouth made the gagging worse, but I didn’t let go of his lip until he let go of me.

“Fuck! You goddamn bitch. I gave you something that you wanted, and now you're acting like you're too good for me? What? Because now you're dating a fucking billionaire? Do you think that billionaire dick is so good?"

I wiped his blood from my lips. "News flash, asshole, it is that good."

He reached for me again, and I turned to run. But he was bigger, stronger. I sent back an elbow, making sure to dig the pointed part of my skeletal structure between his ribs. He oofed and his grip loosened, but I went tumbling down face first. Stupid heels.

I rolled onto my back in a fight stance. Hands up, one leg up. I'd already kicked off my shoes. I was ready for this. He lunged on top of me, and I kicked at him, but he managed to avoid my leg in his effort to try to climb on top of me. I tried to wedge a knee between us, delivering hammer strikes the whole time. When I was sure he was close enough, I used my head to butt his. I could feel the blood from his head dripping onto mine before I could see it, and when my gaze levered up, I could see a gash in his forehead. But he still didn't give a shit. "Be quiet. Just be still." His hands ran up my skirt, and the fear was back.

Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God.

No. Fight. Fight for your goddamn life. Fight like someone was going to kill Theo.

That was all I needed for motivation, and suddenly I was twisting and moving. I managed to shift myself, thanking God for the ab work that I'd done over the course of many, many years because I was able to use my core strength and wiggle out of his grasp. Then I was standing, but he was already leaping for me, grabbing me again. The fabric of my blouse tore as I ran. I delivered an elbow back behind me and connected with something hard. Skull? Shoulder? I didn't fucking know, but I was running. A hundred feet. One hundred feet and I would be in the safety of the Rose Room. I would be safe. There were cameras everywhere, and someone would come for me.

Act as if there's no one to save you. You are the one who saves people.

I was the one who saved people. What would happen if I couldn't save myself?

Fifty feet away, and I was sure I was finally free. Then pain exploded in my skull as he grabbed onto my hair, jerked my head back, and slammed me against the stone wall surrounding the palace. My senses were bathed in the sour odor of his sweat and adrenaline.

He panted in my face as he ground out, “You're such a fucking bitch. You think you're too good for me now? You're not. You weren't even good enough for me then. Everybody knew you were the easy lay, the one nobody wants to keep."

"If this is going to happen, you might as well get it over with." I jutted my chin up. "So, I was the easy lay? Is that why you couldn't keep it up for more than thirty seconds most of the time?"

I saw it then, the fury behind his eyes. He reached an arm back, and I knew what was coming. I knew that soon I would be seeing stars and be in so much pain I’d want to die.

But I had some fury of my own. I knew what was coming and braced myself for it. I’d take the pain, but then I’d come back at him with some wrath-of-Kahn level ass-whupping. But he needed to believe I was beaten first.

Buck up, buttercup, you can do this.

I braced myself for the hit, preparing to go artificially limp and planning my counterattack. When Garrett either decided to kill me or worse, I’d headbutt him then use my palms to slam over his ears. Then I would punch him in the throat and wedge a knee between us to get his ass off of me. Then I’d kick the ever-loving shit out of him.

And God was I looking forward to that.

But the thunder of pain never came. And neither did payback. Instead, he was being forcibly removed. He was moving away from me, and as I fluttered my eyes open, I saw an angel. Theo. Oh God, Theo had come for me. What the hell was he doing? I was supposed to be protecting him.

Take the win, Barnes. At least you won’t be hit tonight.

That was a bonus.

But the strangest thing started to happen. Once Garrett’s weight was off of me, adrenaline flooded my body and I started to shake. I could only watch in shock as my love did the thing I couldn’t do. And I wasn’t sure if I was grateful or pissed off that I wasn’t the one doing the ass kicking.

Theo had thrown him down on the ground and was lunging and punching at him. Theo. Theo had ridden to my rescue. Just like so many times before.

I couldn’t even move my arms I was so weak. All I could do was lean against that wall. I was shaking. Oh God, I was shaking so bad.

Then someone was pulling Theo off.

Why would they pull him off? They should let him kill Garrett. I wanted to shout out ground-and-pound technique advice. Jesus, he was sloppy. Why was he so sloppy? I’d seen him fight better than that.

He was effective but inefficient. What was wrong with him? But he was dragged back and next thing I knew, he was wrapping his arms around me, and I knew I was safe. My Theo, he was holding me.

I leaned in and let my body sag as I inhaled deeply. My nose wrinkled. I took another whiff. No. No. He smelled wrong.

I jerked back. Not Theo. Derrick.

"Hush, it's okay. I'm not going to hurt you. I swear to God. I'm just making sure you're okay. I'm not going to hurt you. You don't have to be scared."

I frowned. “I’m not scared. I’m pissed off. I had him.”

But Derrick wasn’t listening to my words. He was saying the words, words that made sense to me, but he was not Theo; he was Derrick. I tried to stumble back, and he allowed me to move back from him slightly. I wanted him to understand. "It's okay, Zia. I'm not going to hurt you, okay? You're all right. You're safe now."

I looked over his shoulder and saw Jax. It was Jax who’d stopped him from killing Garrett. I narrowed my gaze at my friend as if to convey that I had that shit under control.

Sure you did.

My eyes flickered back to Derrick’s face. " I—I thought you were Theo."

Derrick sighed. "Come on. Let's get you back into the suite. Okay?"

And I don't know what happened, but my body started to shudder, and I couldn't move. Nothing worked, my brain least of all. And then I was a sobbing, slobbering mess. I just sank into the ground. Derrick kept his arms around me and sank down too. "Okay, we can sit right here. I already texted Theo, okay? He'll be here soon."

He stroked a hand over my hair, soothing me. And all I could think about was how I wanted Theo and his hand stroking me. I wanted to be in Theo's arms, and I wanted Theo to understand me. That I didn’t need protecting here. That I was beyond furious. For once I hadn't been strong enough. And as my eyes started to close, his name was the last thought in my mind.





20





Theo…





I got the text and ran from Sebastian's office. I just bolted. Trace was hot on my heels, but I didn't give a fuck if he was able to catch up or not.

She was in trouble, and I hadn't been there. I ran for her, praying to God that I wasn't too late. Praying to God that the worst hadn't happened or that she hadn't had to kill someone.

When I rounded the corner to the Rose Garden, I stopped short. There was my brave, beautiful girl… in the arms of my brother.

Her hand clutched on to his shirt in a tight fist. Her eyes were closed, and he was stroking a hand over her hair. She was crying.

"What the fuck?"

She sat bolt upright at the sound of my voice. I scowled and lunged for my brother. "What did you do to her?"

He frowned. "Nothing. This wasn't me. I stopped him. I had Jax text you. Jesus."

I knew he was saying words that mattered, words that were important, words I needed to pay attention to, but Zia was hurt and in his arms. My brain put two and two together that he was the one who caused her pain, so I was going to cause him pain.

But Trace stopped me. Why was the guy so goddamn big?

He wedged himself between the two of us and shoved me back. "Focus your anger, asshole. He's not the culprit. Her ex was."

I blinked. My gaze flickered to Trace, then to Derrick, and then to Zia, who still looked so small sitting there on the grass, her back to the wall, head hung down.

Fuck. I hoped the apology in my eyes was enough to assuage Derrick because I didn't have time to deal with him at the moment. Instead, I knelt in front of Zia. "Hey, beautiful. I'm here. I'm so sorry I was late."

She shook her head. "Derrick didn't do anything wrong. He helped me."

"I see that now. I was wrong. I overreacted, okay? My bad. I'm so sorry."

"I almost had him."

My lips quirked for a minute, but then I went solemn. "I know baby. You're always strong enough, but once in a while it's okay if you let someone else be strong enough on your behalf."

She nodded slowly, and I took her hands and helped her to her feet. I tucked her into my side. I held her, and I could feel her body melt and relax into my arms. Over her head, I leveled a gaze at my brother and mouthed, "Sorry."

He nodded at me and then frowned as he watched her. "She didn't relax like that when I held her. It's you. You're the one she wants."

I knew I was supposed to be comforted by that, but the fact that she needed me like this infuriated me.

My gaze landed on Trace as I cupped her head.

He nodded and mouthed back that Jax had Garrett, which meant he would be interrogated by Royal Elite.

Zia was trembling, but it was hard to tell from what. Obviously, she’d just been assaulted, but I knew her. She had to be beyond angry. She liked to think she could handle anything. In this instance though, I was grateful that my brother had been there.

Garrett was likely going to end up in a very dark hole somewhere soon. I was cool with that, but I wanted in on that ass-kicking. And I wanted Zia to be in on it too. She’d hold onto this one for a while. I just mouthed back for him to call me, and he understood.

I held her and walked her back to our suite of rooms.

Derrick helped me by opening all the doors ahead of us. When I walked her into her room and gently laid her on the bed before heading to the bath to start running the water, he hovered in the doorway. "Is there anything else I can do?"

I shook my head. "No. I think you did more than enough."

"I want to kill that guy."

"Get in line."

"Shit, Jax should have just let me kill him."

I cleared my throat and tried to keep my voice even. "Was he going to…?"

Derrick was quiet, and I turned to face him. I could see the rage behind his eyes as his lips set in a grim line. "Yeah, it looked like it."

"Thanks for letting me know. And thank you for saving her."

"It's not anything you wouldn't do for someone I loved."

I watched him carefully. He was my brother. I'd been fighting that idea, but that was the truth of it. My brother. I had someone who cared about me enough to fight for the woman I loved. That was some real family shit. The kind of shit only Kyle and I had. I wasn't used to having that from other people.

"Right."

He nodded. "I'll let you get her settled. If you need anything, just holler."

I nodded. He might, at one point, have been the world's biggest dick. But at that moment, I would have done him any favor he ever asked because he’d saved the woman I loved. Whether she’d needed saving or not.





Zia…

The next morning, I didn't feel much like moving. I was sore and tired, like the energy required to move my muscles had been all used up.

But there was no avoiding a royal summons. It came at six in the morning, which was delightful.

Jax accompanied me to Sebastian's office, and before I knocked, he gently tapped me on the shoulder. "Love, no moving about in the palace the next couple of days without one of us, you hear?"

The British accent was always somehow comforting. "I'm a King's Knight. I need to be able to do my job."

"’Course you do, but until we flush out any asshole friends your ex has got, just stay low profile. Use the buddy system."

"I can't agree to that, but thanks."

"Well, good luck not agreeing to it when the king and queen suggest it."

I scowled at him. "Is that what this meeting is all about?"

He shrugged. "It's a smart move. It's what I'd tell you."

I knocked, and Sebastian's low timbre was barely audible through the door. When I pushed it open, he was sitting behind his desk. Queen Penny was in a robe that was strapped tight across her belly. She looked adorable, and he looked pissed.

"Your Majesty, you summoned me?"

"Jesus Christ now isn't the time to bust out that 'Your Majesty' shit."

"Well, you looked pissed. Sorry."

"I'm pissed because one of the fucking Royal Guards assaulted you."

"Well yeah, I'm pretty pissed about that too."

Penny rolled her eyes. "Sebastian, you're doing a shitty job of this." She waddled over to me, took my hands, and then urged me to sit down. "Zia, I am so sorry. My apologies are not even a drop in the bucket of what you deserve to hear. Nonetheless, you have them. I know what it's like to be in that position."

Far too many women had a similar story in their background. Prince Ashton had cornered Penny in one of the palace tunnels before, and her experience was almost as bad. She continued, “If you want to talk to anyone about it, I'm always available to you."

It was odd. Last night I would have thought I'd be a hot mess, but all I'd wanted to do was practically climb into Theo's skin so that everything about him cocooned me. I'd been too tired for anything else, but I’d wanted his touch all over me to erase what Garrett had done.

I knew that with Theo's touch, I would be okay. And his touch did have some therapeutic benefit because I felt okay now. The anger was still there though. I wanted a Garrett-sized punching bag.

But I could also see the attack being the stuff of repeated nightmares that could haunt me for years. What should I have done? Which step should I have taken? How could I have ended it sooner? At that moment, I just wanted to be as close to Theo as possible, but I got the impression he’d been shell-shocked.

No amount of good sex was going to erase the horror of what had almost happened to me, but being with Theo would be a good start to healing. Oh, and getting to kill the motherfucker myself would go a long way too.

Sebastian leaned forward. "I am doing a shitty job. Zia, I'm so sorry. He'll be relieved from his post. In fact, Ethan took care of that last night. And since the crime was committed against you and you're a King's Knight, that's tantamount to a crime against me."

My head snapped up. I understood what that meant. "Stanstit?"

He nodded. "Yeah, Stanstit. You are one of mine. You protect me with your life, and I protect you with mine. He made a mistake by crossing you.”

My mouth hung open. "I—I don't even know what to say."

"You don't have to say anything. We have counselors on staff, someone you can talk to. I suggest you make regular appointments. The sooner, the better."

"I won't let this interfere with my work, Sebastian."

"No one's saying it has to. But I am saying you have to talk to someone. It doesn't even have to be who we suggest, but they're who we have available at six o'clock in the morning, so that's who I'm offering."

"Thank you doesn't seem enough to say.”

“And sorry doesn't seem enough either."

Penny took my hand. "How's Theo? Was he helpful?"

I nodded. "In his way. He doesn't know what to say, so he was just holding me and stuff."

"It's a good start. And it helps." Her smile was soft.

"It does."

"I understand Derrick was the one who stopped him?"

I nodded slowly, not wanting the mental imagery to take hold. "Yeah. It turns out the billionaire is good for something."

Sebastian chuckled at that. "I'm so sorry this happened to you. We're going to use the next few days to weed out any other problematic friends Garrett might have. Until then, we need you to be on high alert and be extra careful. You'll be paired with another Royal Guard when you're on duty."

"Jesus Christ, Jax was right? I have to use the buddy system?"

Penny nodded. "Look, by and large, most of the Royal Guard is loyal. And my father has been weeding out any nefarious elements there. Some are more loyal to the Regents Council, but after something like this, I don't want to take any chances with you."

I gritted my teeth. "I understand."

The goddamn buddy system. Damn it. Just when I was getting things back on track. Getting my life back in order.

If that's what it's going to take, that's what it's going to take.

Sebastian leaned forward again. "Since he's going to be going to Stanstit, if you want ten minutes to kick his ass before the transfer, we can make that happen. It’s not altogether legal, but no one would be the wiser."

The inner me screamed, ’Yes!’ Picturing the myriad of ways I could maim him.

But then the worrier inside me, the one who knew that anger led down a dark path, shook her head. Goddamn it, no. “No, Sebastian, that won’t be necessary. Let him sit in a hole by himself with only thirty minutes of sunshine for the rest of his life and see how he likes it.”

Penny nodded approvingly. "Yeah. I think you're going to be just fine."





21





Zia…





A week had passed, and I still wasn’t sure if I was coming or going. Tamsin was put on as additional detail, but I could read between the lines. She was there for me in case I lost my shit.

By and large though, I didn’t see any of the guard. Maybe Ethan had told them to stay away until they had the Garrett situation all tied up.

What I couldn’t stand, though, was Derrick and Theo treating me with kid-gloves. Derrick just kept staring at me as if he might need to jump in and save me at any point. And Theo, well Theo wasn’t coming anywhere near me.

I had tried to explain that what I wanted most was to feel like me, but he hadn’t taken any initiative. And when I’d climbed into bed naked the night before, I’d found him in pajama bottoms, and he’d been the perfect damn gentleman, not attempting to fondle me once.

You were almost assaulted. He’s being sensitive.

But I didn’t need sensitive. I needed Theo.

Since Mohammed was ignoring the mountain, it was time for the mountain to take matters into its own hands… or however the metaphor went.

Derrick was off playing pool with Lucas and Roone. I’d heard him leave. I found Theo in the study with his laptop. “Can we talk for a minute?”

“Sure, you okay? Do you need anything?”

Loaded question. “Yes, actually. I’d like your dick.”

He choked on his swig of beer. “What?”

I blinked at him. “Your. Dick. Would you rather I show you?”

He coughed out a laugh. “No. I mean, yes.” He shook his head. “I’m just trying to be sensitive. That piece of Satan’s taint tried to hurt you, and I just want to give you some time and space from that.”

“Did you ask if I wanted time and space?”

He opened his mouth to answer, then closed it, making a small pout. And looking good enough to eat. “I suppose not.”

“You of all people. You know me. You understand how I was more pissed off than scared that he had the drop on me.”

There it was, his hint of a smile. “Oh, I know. I saw. I just also saw the shaking, and I love you, Zia. I want to take care of you. The last thing I wanted to do was make anything worse. I figured you’d be talking to the counselor—”

“And I am,” I interrupted. “But I also need you.”

He frowned. “Sorry. I guess I just assumed that maybe you’d be feeling fragile. I listened to Derrick and his account of how he found you. You are mine to protect, and I never want to be the one who hurts you.”

“I love you.” I gave him my best smile. “I also would very much like it if you made love to me. What happened with Garrett has nothing to do with us. You have always made me feel safe and protected, even if that’s not what I wanted at the time. And if anything, you can help me erase the anger. Because I am feeling a lot of that.”

He lifted a brow. “So, you mean to tell me I could have been falling asleep inside of you this whole time?”

I nodded. “Yep.”

His smile was slow, mischievous. “Then in that case, let’s make up for some lost time.”

He tossed his laptop aside, nearly missing the chair. He leaned over me and kissed me nice and slow. Drugging me with every lick of his tongue. “Do you have any idea how strong you are? I know you don’t feel it, but I see that strength in you every day.”

“I don’t feel strong right now. I feel ashamed and stupid. Why didn’t I see the kind of person he was? I should have seen, right? There was a clue in there.” I shook my head.

He pulled me closer. “Let me remind you that you are sexy, sassy, and can bring a man to his knees.”

My lips formed an O as he tugged me into the bedroom, closing the door behind us. My lady parts wanted to scream out ‘Hallelluah,’ but I kept my cool.

“You’re sure this is what you want? We can stop at any time if you’re not.”

I licked my lips. “Yes. This is absolutely what I want.”





Theo…

I’d made a mistake. I’d assumed she needed space instead of asking her what she needed. I had lost time to make up for, and I intended to make it up in spades.

When I turned to pull her toward me, my hands shook a little. What the hell was wrong with me? Why was I nervous?

Because you want this to be so good for her.

It was true. It felt like there were high stakes this time. But why were my hands freaking shaking? Like I was a rookie or something? Because you know what’s going to happen. You know how explosive this can be.

Stepping in front of her, I let my hands span her waist, bringing her flush against me. She gasped, and her eyes snapped to mine. The thundering of my heartbeat was all I could hear as I focused on her parted lips.

I dipped my head, kissing her softly. Immediately, she sighed into my mouth and wound her hands into the hair at the nape of my neck. She sucked my tongue into her hot, wet mouth, and I forgot for a moment that I was supposed to be taking things slow, focusing on drawing this out. I only wanted to keep tasting her.

While she tried to wrestle control of the kiss from me, my hands fisted in the material of her skirt and tugged it up. Her sudden, shocked intake of breath was all I needed to take control again.

I lifted her up until she wrapped her legs around me, but I didn’t deposit her on the bed. Instead, I turned to the door and braced her against it. “Just relax. I’m going to take care of you, Zia.”

She used my shoulders as leverage and arched her body so that her slick heat met the bulge in my jeans. She worked her hips, and my eyes crossed. She knew how to move her body, how to work me over.

“Zia.” Her name was more grunt than English, but lust chased desire along my nerve endings, and the part of my brain that focused on the finer points of language had long overheated.

I had to find a way to gain control again.

I reluctantly removed her hands from the nape of my neck and lifted them above her head as I encircled them. I licked at her lips, and very deliberately, I ground myself against the satin undies that blocked my path to bliss.

She hissed. “Theo, hurry, please.”

No. I was not rushing this. Not like in the Rose Garden. I wanted to take my time. “Look at me, Zia.”

Her lids fluttered open, and her pupils were dilated. As I kissed her again, my body rocked against hers, and she met every movement of my hips with her own. “You want me to take you like this? Hard and fast and up against the wall?”

“Any way I can have you.”

“Hmm.” I nuzzled her neck as I slipped my hand under her blouse. When my palm closed over the full globe, we both moaned. Her breasts were so full and firm. So soft and responsive.

“Theo, please.”

I kissed her again deeply, savoring her flavor and sucking on her tongue until she moaned and her body started to rock into mine in a steady rhythm.

Slowly, I backed away from the kiss. Releasing her hands, I steadied her by the waist and set her feet back on the floor. Her eyes went wide with questions, but she didn’t say anything. She followed my silent command, and I turned her around. Skimming my hands over the satiny softness of her arms, I positioned her palms against the door. I took my time, caressing her. When my hands reached the buttons on her blouse, she stiffened.

Slowly, I popped each button from its tiny loop. With each one I released, she puffed out a small breath, then finally exhaled completely when I had her blouse fully open. I peeled the fine silk off her shoulders and kissed the soft skin of her back as the material fell away. Her skin was satin smooth; I could do nothing but touch it and never get bored.

“Theo, what are you doing?”

“I’m taking care of you.”

When I unhooked her bra, she groaned. I didn’t let her bring down her hands so I couldn’t remove it. Instead, I skimmed my hands up her torso, palming her softly, then gently massaging. Her legs started to quiver when the massage turned from relief to sensual tease. Gently, I plucked the pebbled tips, and she dropped her forehead against the wall.

“I’ve had a mild obsession with your breasts since I first saw you. You know that?”

Her breath came out ragged and sharp. “Theo. I can’t. You’re killing me.”

I plucked the tight buds again. “If you want me to stop, all you have to do is say so.”

I continued to trail hot, open-mouthed kisses across her shoulders and the back of her neck as I played.

When she started to rotate her hips back against me, I swore and gritted my teeth at the red haze of lust clouding my vision. Dropping my hands to her hips, I stopped them. “Just relax, sweetheart.”

“This is torture.”

“Tell me about it,” I mumbled.

I helped her step out of the skirt. Smoothing my hands over her slender calves and skimming over the backs of her thighs, I hooked my fingers into her panties and tugged them down over the expanse of her toned, tan legs.

She shuddered when I kissed the backs of her thighs. “Can you part your legs for me, sweetheart?”

She parted her legs a little.

“Wider.” It came out as a harsh command.

She sucked in a breath and planted her feet about shoulder width apart.

I trailed kisses up the backs of her legs, pausing only to nip at the backs of her knees. When I reached the top of her thighs, I ground out, “Lean forward for me.”

It took her several seconds to do as I instructed. When she did, I rewarded her with a soft kiss on her slick lips, and she shivered. Kneeling, I lapped at her cleft and savored the unique spicy flavor that was Zia. With a hand on her firm ass, I massaged the skin as I teased her by sliding a finger inside her slick channel.

She cursed softly, but I continued my licking, and stroking, working my tongue over her clit while I slid two fingers inside her. The slick walls of her core milked at my fingers, and I felt them quicken. Kissing her inner thighs, I encouraged her. “Come on, Zia, come for me. You’re safe. It’s okay to let go. I’ll catch you.”

But she held on. She writhed against the door, and her slender hands balled into fists as she fought orgasm. She tensed as if trying to fight one off, but then she went limp and tossed her head back. I continued to lick and stroke her until her whole body shook.

With a whisper of my name, she finally let go.





Zia…

I shook as Theo picked me up and laid me on the bed. Orgasm aftershocks rolled through my body, leaving me languid and foggy. What was he doing to me? And could I take more?

He shed his clothes as if he was in no hurry at all, slowly unbuttoning his shirt. His jeans and boxer briefs came next. All the while, he kept his burning gaze on mine. Unable to take the intensity of his stare, I let my eyes drift closed.

He saw too much saw. It was too intense.

His voice was soft, but authoritative. “Zia, look at me.”

I shook my head. I thought I was ready, but the level of intensity was unexpected.

His touch was soft on my cheek. “Shh, look at me.”

I peeled my lids open to look up at him. “Theo, I—”

“I’m not going anywhere. I’m right here with you. All you have to do is keep your eyes open to see it.” He slid into bed beside me, and I had to scoot over to make room for him. “You with me?” He asked as he drew me close.

I nodded against his chest as I inhaled. Sandalwood. I sighed and immediately relaxed. I loved that smell.

Theo pressed feather-light kisses along my temple, my forehead, my jaw line, the tip of my nose. When he reached my lips, he barely skimmed them with his own, and I whimpered. He angled his head, deepened the kiss, and anchored my face in his hands as he devoured my lips. Desire spiked again as his expert tongue licked at the roof of my mouth, and he teased my tongue to follow into his hot mouth.

As I kissed him, I writhed against him, brushing my nipples against his chest, turning them into hardened peaks. His muffled moan made his chest rumble, and the friction against the sensitive peaks of my breasts sent a pull of desire straight to my core.

The length of his erection pressed into my thigh insistently, and I reached down to wrap my hand around the rigid length of it. Massaging.

“Jesus, Zia.”

With sure fingers, I continued stroking him, running my hand over his cock, my palm over the sensitive tip. When I did this twice, Theo’s hips jerked, and a drop of moisture escaped his erection to lubricate my palm. “Theo. I want you. I—I need you.”

“And you have me.” His fingers dipped between my thighs, and I shivered. When he slipped one impossibly long finger inside my slick heat, I moaned, parting my thighs to allow him better access.

“God, you are so wet. So ready.”

“Mmm, Theo.” Lust rocked my body, and need chased the lust.

Theo trailed kisses along my throat to my collarbone, moving to my breast. With his mouth poised over a distended peak, he paused. His breath tickled my skin, and I writhed. “Theo, please.”

He kissed the underside of my other breast. “I like teasing you.” He hovered over the tip of my breast again. “You like it when I tease you.” Theo used his thumb to circle my clit as he slid first one finger into my channel, then two. Stroke, retreat, stroke, retreat.

He kept the pace nice and easy, no matter how much I angled my hips, moving against his fingers. Finally, he withdrew his fingers and shifted position, brushing his lips over my nipple. “Theo?”

“Yeah, Zia?”

He settled his lips around my nipple, and a pull of lust pierced my core. Theo suckled me deep, his cheeks hollowing as he drew me into his mouth. Blood rushed in my head, and all I could think about was Theo. His lips, his fingers. Like everything else in the world had vanished and all that mattered now was this moment, this time with him.

“I need you to make love to me. Please. I can’t—”

“Who’s kissing you?” He grazed my nipple with his teeth.

“Oh, God. I—Theo…”

Theo’s fingers stopped penetrating my core. “Do you have any idea how much I love you?”

“Theo. Please. I—”

He removed his fingers from my heated skin and rolled his big body over mine, bracing himself over me. His erection nudged my cleft, and he swore. “You’re so beautiful, Zia.”

I rotated my hips, sliding my cleft along the length of him. “Theo, please don’t make me wait. I need you.”

Theo dropped his forehead to mine and kissed me softly. “All you have to do is enjoy and know that I love you with everything that I am. You are in charge here okay. Anything you need, I’ll provide for you.”

I chewed my bottom lip. He was too close. Could make me feel too much. He left me feeling open and vulnerable. He also left me feeling like I’d grabbed hold of a live wire. Like I could fly. Like I was beautiful. Like I was special. Worthy.

I dragged in a breath and exhaled. “I’m yours.”

He kissed me softly, re-settled back between my thighs. “Do you know how long I’ve waited to hear that… that you’re mine?” His tongue licked at my bottom lip before he nipped. “I’m yours too. I’m not leaving the islands. I’m not letting you go.”

His erection slid against my slit before fully sliding into me, and we both gasped. I met his gaze; his eyes pierced my soul. In that moment, I knew I would never be the same.

I met Theo thrust for thrust. He kept his eyes on mine, never breaking the intimate connection as my orgasm coursed through me. I bucked as the pleasure rolled through my body. Theo wrapped his arms around me and held on tight as his body shook.





22





Zia…





"Are you sure this isn't too much?"

Theo shook his head and took my hand, bringing it to his lips to kiss my fingertips. "Nope. Besides, I'm used to dealing with her."

In the backseat, Derrick groaned. "I can't believe I'm being dragged along on this field trip."

Trace just smacked his arm. "Shut up."

Theo had volunteered to go with me. But according to the king, if I wanted to take this action, I was going with a full entourage. Lord knew, Deedee would be tickled pink. Although, if she really did need me, she wouldn't be too thrilled that I was bringing some friends along.

The second-floor apartment door was painted a cheery red. It was in the part of town where the university was located, and the neighborhood was bright and teeming with people. I’d called ahead, but couldn't get through so, I just knocked on her door unannounced.

A pretty brunette opened up and her jaw dropped when she saw Theo, and then Derrick, and then Trace behind him.

"Oh my God, Deedee, there are hot men at the door."

Derrick grinned, Theo seemed unfazed, and Trace just laughed.

When Deedee came to the door, she stopped short. "Oh, so you remember where I live now?" Her gaze stuttered when she realized I had Derrick and Theo with me. “Jesus, there are two of you? Tell me one of you is at least fun.”

"Don't be like that Deedee. I wanted to check on you and make sure you're okay."

Her roommate gave us all a wide smile. "Hi. I'm Katy. Which one of you is single?"

Derrick and Trace stepped forward, but Trace shook his head. "You're barely older than my sister. I can't date you."

Katy thrust her chest out. "I'm nearly twenty. Besides, who said anything about dating?"

He just groaned and shoved his hands in his pockets.

I pulled Deedee aside. "Is there somewhere we can talk?"

She rolled her eyes, still clearly pissed at me for not giving her what she wanted last time we’d talked. "Yeah, sure. Fine."

I followed her into her room. "Listen, I just wanted to check on you."

"Really? Why, when you left me high and dry before?"

I shook my head. "You know full well I couldn't just drop everything and give you what you wanted. You haven't even given it a chance. I see it's working out okay."

She shrugged. "Yeah, I mean, she's fine, I guess."

"Deedee look, you know I want to give you what you want, anything you ask for, but I recognize now that behavior doesn’t lend itself to being a good parent. Mom and Dad would never have given you everything you wanted. It has made you spoiled."

"I am not spoiled."

I slid her a knowing glance. "Oh really?"

"It's not like that."

"Then what's it like? You have only given this roommate arrangement a couple of weeks and you're ready to cut tail and run to me, expecting me to fix it and make it better. Honestly, I don't always have it in me."

She frowned as she studied me. "What? Arlington isn't keeping you in jewels and sunshine?"

I coughed a laugh. "Not exactly. It's a long story. But look, I'm happy, and I want you to be happy. And for once, I want to get a text from you that's just like, 'Hey, I'm having a great time in classes.' Or for me to text you and be like, 'Hey, where are you?' Kind of like I am today."

She nodded. "Look, I overreacted the other day when I came to the palace. I'm sorry."

My brows popped in surprise. "What?"

"I do know how to apologize. I just don't always do it like I should. And I'm sorry about that. I'm just losing my shit and falling into old habits."

"It's okay. I get it."

"No, I don't think you do. You had Mom and Dad mostly around. By the time I got older, I only had you. And then you were trying to make up for Mom and Dad not being there, so you gave me everything I ever wanted that was in your power to provide, and I appreciate it so much. But there's a part of me that thinks that I'd be a better person if I didn't always have that."

"What? I'm supposed to let you fend for yourself?" I asked with real surprise.

She nodded her head. "Maybe a little. Again, I'm grateful, but it's like you said at the palace the other day; I really do need to fend for myself sometimes."

"So that's what you've been doing?"

She nodded. "Yeah. I’m trying out surviving on my own, and I kinda like it."

"Well, I’m glad. And listen, this is just going to be a quick visit. There's a lot going on."

Deedee inclined her head toward the door. "Would that explain why there are two Derricks at my front door?"

"There's this whole twin thing."

She laughed. "Leave it to you to fall in love with twins."

I blinked at her. "In love with twins? No. No, no, no, no. I'm in love with Theo. I don't know anything about Derrick, or being in love with him, or anything like that."

She laughed again. "Wait, so he has a twin. It's trippy I didn't know that."

"It's a well-guarded secret for now. Listen, if you do need anything, for real, just call me. And if not, just call and say hi, and let’s hang out."

Deedee reached out and hugged me tightly. And when I was in my sister's arms, I could feel my eyes pricking again. But Deedee didn't need to get all into my dramatics. Besides, she would only worry. "I love you. I'll see you later, okay?"

She watched me. "Something's up with you."

I shook my head. "No. Life is just good. Just busy, you know?"

She nodded. "As long as you know the sisterly thing is not one-sided, okay?”

“Yeah, I hear you. Thank you though. So, are you sure you’re okay? There’s nothing you need?"

She laughed. "There are lots of things that I want but don’t necessarily need. And for the first time, I made a budget, so the things I want, I know I can't really have right now."

I laughed. "You set a budget? Be still my heart."

She mocked me. "Like you're at the height of fashion."

"I could be. I have a good leather miniskirt in my closet somewhere."

"The whole point of owning it is that you have to wear it."

I shook my head. "I can't wear a leather miniskirt."

She laughed. "Then what's the point of having it? You’ve got to live your life to the fullest. And I intend to do exactly that."

"I'm proud of you. I love you, Deedee."

"I love you too. Now please, get out of here and go bone your new boyfriend. Let me live vicariously."

I laughed. "Somehow I think I'm a lot more badass in your visions than in real life."

She winked. “Somehow, I doubt that.”





Theo…

A couple days later, we were in attendance at the Queen's Jubilee. By then I was getting used to some of the opulence and pampered circumstances of the royal family. It was never overdone though. It was always tasteful. But it was certainly a different world entirely than the one I'd grown up in. And God, there was a part of me that wanted to bring my mother and show her what in the world was going on.

Show her how beautiful it could be.

If you were speaking to her.

I knew I could only pull this off for a little while longer before I would have to pay the piper. When she called, I was always miraculously busy. And it wasn't fair to not tell her why. But I just couldn't make myself do it. I couldn't make myself call her. In the last week and a half or so since I’d found out the truth, I'd gotten to know my brother better.

He'd grown up completely different than I had. His first instinct wasn't toward kindness. His first instinct wasn't toward love. But there was a code of decency about him, and a part of me liked him. There was also a part of me that wanted to throttle him on a daily basis.

But he was my brother. The literal family that I’d felt was missing from my life since I was a kid, so I willed myself to get to know him. Even if he did make me want to hit things. Usually his face.

But it was more than just that. It was also Lucas, Roone, Sebastian, Jessa, Tristan, Ariel, Bryna and Penny. They were family. Actual family. Whether related by blood or not, they took care of each other. When one was in trouble, the whole damn team was in trouble. And while I was used to it just being Mom and I or Kyle and I, now I had Derrick to look after.

"So, baby brother, are you enjoying the festivities?"

I laughed. "Why do you insist on calling me ‘baby brother’?"

"Because I'm a full two minutes older than you."

"I'm pretty sure that's negligible."

"I mean, it counts. I am the firstborn."

I rolled my eyes. "That seems like a gimmick. But okay, I'll let you get away with it."

He laughed. "For what it's worth, I am glad you're here."

I slid him a glance. "You mean, even though you left me to my own devices, got yourself kidnapped, and I tried to stop your merger from going through, you're happy?"

He laughed. "Okay, maybe happy is the wrong word. But it's good. We've been apart for far too long. I mean, I didn't even know I should be looking for you until three months ago."

I nodded for him to continue.

"But the moment I did know, it was all I could think about. I wanted to know everything about you. I wanted you here."

I frowned into my drink. "Why did you have me take over your company?"

He sighed. "Honestly, I wanted to see what you were made of. I wanted to know that you'd be able to do it. I know it seems dumb. I just... I'd been on my own for so long, you know?"

"Yeah, I know. I feel the same way. But I could have really fucked up your company."

"Ah, you tried."

"No, I didn’t. I was trying to save it."

He shrugged. "That Inline deal… we can agree to disagree on that one. The point is, when I came to New York to meet you, I didn't even believe it could be true. And then I saw you, just sitting there living your life. I was kind of pissed off. Jealous even. I'd been dealing with my father's bullshit all that time, and it seemed like your life was so much better. Then, of course, I started digging and found out about our mother."

"Why didn't you try and talk to her? Meet her?"

He shook his head. "And say what? I'm that son you threw away?" He shrugged.

"Yeah, I guess. But we're going to have to sort it all out eventually."

He nodded. "Yeah. The real question is have you talked to her? Do you know what you're going to say to her?"

I shook my head. "I'm still at that point where I'm avoiding her calls."

He clacked his tongue. "You can't avoid her forever."

"I know. Just for the foreseeable future."

"Right, you let me know how that goes for you,” he chuckled.

"Yeah, I will," I replied dryly. “One more question…”

"You're full of questions right now, aren't you?"

I shrugged. "I've been afraid for some of these answers."

"Fair enough. Ask away. A little scotch can make someone an open book."

"You said you found out, what, three months ago, right?"

He nodded slowly. "Yeah."

"Then how come you used to insist everyone call you Theo?"

He frowned then. "What do you mean?"

"Well, Elena was saying when you were little, you used to run around and insist that your name was Theo."

He frowned. "I don't remember that."

"You never had friends refer to you as Theo?"

He shook his head. "No. Why would she tell you that?"

I knew I wasn't making this up. I knew I wasn't crazy.

"I don't know, but I swear that's what Elena said."

He frowned. "I had never heard the name Theo until I was maybe sixteen. I'd had a bad night, and I came home trashed. I had a fight with Dad, I think. One of those deuces. Elena and I were talking, and she was saying how my mother had always wanted to call me Theo."

I took a sip of my drink and frowned. "It was weird. When I was pretending to be you, I told her to call me Theo, and she was completely unsurprised. And she told me it was what I had wanted to be called when I was younger."

He frowned. "That's not right though."

I shrugged. "Maybe she’s not remembering things correctly anymore. She’s getting older, you know?"

He frowned. "Maybe, but she's been with my family since I was born. If there's anyone who would get it right, it would be her. I've never talked to my Dad about any family shit, which makes sense, considering he wasn't really around. She did everything. Completely, absolutely raised me."

I frowned and could feel a needling doubt in the back of my mind. "It just seems like a weird thing to mess up since she was there the most."

He frowned. "You're saying she knew right away that you weren't me?"

I nodded. "Yeah. She laughed and said it was because I cooked for her or something like that. She said that you'd never done anything like that before."

He shook his head. "I never learned how to cook. Not for lack of interest, mind you. I actually would have liked to. But doing it for me seemed to make Elena happy. Whenever she would be making me something, she’d say she would make some extra to take to her niece the following weekend."

I nodded. "Did you ever meet her niece?"

"No. You know, it's funny. She always said the girl was too busy. Elena went home most weekends unless, of course, my parents couldn't be bothered with me for a weekend and the live-in nanny was busy."

I nodded absently. "That many years, and you never once met her niece? It seems odd."

"What are you saying?"

"Well, I went to Elena's house a few days ago. Her niece was there, and I got the impression she lived with her and took care of her. Do you know if Elena has any living siblings?"

He frowned. "No, actually, I don't know."

I rolled my eyes. "You really do need to learn more about people."

"Sorry. I should make more of an effort. It just never affected me that much. I do remember asking if her niece could come and stay with us instead of Elena going there once. But she said no and told me her niece was sick and she had to go take care of her. All I knew was that her niece went to some fancy boarding school."

"A boarding school on a housekeeper's salary?"

He shrugged. "I didn't question it. I'm pretty sure Dad paid her well to deal with me so that he never had to talk to me himself."

"Uh-huh." I wanted to let it go. I wanted to put it away, but I couldn't. "How long has Elena been with your family?"

Derrick shrugged. "I don't know. Since before I was born. Whatever Dad needed, she provided."

I wrinkled my nose at that. "I don't even want to imagine what that statement means."

Derrick shrugged. "With my father, it could mean anything. Dad wasn't the greatest of people. Can you imagine?"

"Yeah, but why would she stay?"

He sighed. "I don't know. Maybe she loved me?"

"Yeah, maybe. Or she had to… because if she'd been Timothy Arlington's side piece for years and, I don't know, maybe had a kid by him that she gave to her sister to raise for the most part… I met the niece. She looks to be in her mid-twenties. She could be our age."

Derrick frowned into his glass some more. "I'm getting a bad feeling about this."

"What do I know? That’s all purely speculation. It's not like I know her as well as you do. But that whole 'call me Theo' thing… It sounded like it didn't faze her at all. Like she'd known and expected it, and she knew exactly who I was from the moment I set foot in your place. And my acting wasn't that bad."

Derrick laughed at that. "Everybody knew that you weren't me."

"Yeah, but only in hindsight and only because I was nice."

"See? I told you to stop being nice."

"Think about it, Derrick. Maybe Elena and our father had had this relationship that you never knew about. What if that pretty little niece was a daughter? What if that daughter is Timothy Arlington's, which means she’d be our half-sister? Fancy private boarding school? Come on, boarding school is expensive, even if you are wealthy."

He mulled it over. "The thing I don't understand is her mixing up the stories. I never went by Theo. Not once. It's not like her."

"Maybe you and I should pay her a visit."

"You know, Theo, that's not a bad idea."

He was giving me the wide-eyed, raised-brow, time-to-pull-a-runner face. "Are you insane? This is the Queen Mother's birthday. No way are we walking away from this party. Zia’s not on duty, but she'll follow us."

He shrugged. "Come on, we've already established that no one is trying to kill us right now, so let's go get some answers."

"Like it will be so easy to just stroll in and ask her why she got the Theo story mixed up."

He nodded. "Yeah, exactly. We can also ask about her niece. Ask those questions about dear old Dad we'd been hashing over. Think about it, she's the key. She knows where all the bodies are buried, and she's helped keep Dad’s secret for years. Don't you have questions that you want to ask her?"

He had a point. If anyone knew Timothy Arlington's secrets, it was her. "All right, let's go."

Derrick laughed. "Are you serious?"

"Well, now is the time. It's not too late. We can ask her questions and try to peel back the layers of what we're dealing with here. Granted, I don't think your father was involved in trying to have you killed. He seemed genuinely surprised. But I think there are a lot of other things he’s been hiding."

"You know, genuine surprise is one thing, but when one of your sons get kidnapped and the other is almost kidnapped right when it's inconvenient to have them around, you’ve got to ask a lot of questions."

I didn’t like where the conversation was going. "You have a point. I would have loved to make him suspect number one, but he seemed genuinely concerned and surprised when I told him who I was and that you were missing."

"Okay, let's go get some answers."

I don't know why I thought we'd make it out of the ballroom and anywhere near our car without anyone noticing, but the moment we stepped out into the North Tower, there were Zia and Trace, both shaking their heads. "When are you two going to learn that we have trackers on you?"

I sighed and gave Zia a sheepish smile. She was in no mood, so I knew I'd pay the price for my bad decision later.

"Where are you two idiots going?"

I tried to give her a sweet smile. "We're going to see Elena."

"She's not even at the penthouse because neither of you are there. She's home.”

"Yeah, we know. We have some questions for her."

"Those questions can wait until morning."

Derrick shook his head. “No, this won’t keep. Look, the longer we go without getting any definitive answers, the longer Theo is stuck between two worlds. He's supposed to get back to his life." I frowned at the way the light dimmed out of Zia's eyes. Didn't she know that I wasn't going anywhere without her? And if she didn't want to go, I would stay in the islands for her.

We made our way to one of the Royal Elite SUVs, and Trace climbed in the driver’s seat.

We rolled the windows down, enjoying the summer breeze until we hit the main road. Off in the distance, calypso music played as waves washed onshore.

Derrick leaned over and laughed. "Looks like you've got island fever."

I frowned. "What's that?"

"You know, that thing where you close your eyes and inhale the scent? It's what you do when you've been away from the island for too long. You need to cure that homesick feeling and take in all of the scents you were afraid you’d never smell again."

"I guess that's how I feel. Or maybe like I've never smelled it that properly before."

Zia turned slightly in her seat to look at me, her eyes ever watchful. We'd already talked about this. I wasn't leaving her, and the islands were already starting to feel like home to me.

Since Trace and I had already been to Elena's before, he found it easily. He also got lucky and managed to find parking right in front of the tiny Dutch-style house.

Trace and Zia were not having the idea of Derrick and I going in by ourselves. We opened the gate without any difficulty. When we walked up to the front door, there were no lights on. It was only nine. Where were they? It was unlikely they went to bed that early. I knew from my time at the penthouse that Elena enjoyed her late-night telenovelas. I knew she didn't speak any Spanish. After all, when she’d told me about the village in Croatia where she grew up, she never once mentioned having access to learn another language. But she read the subtitles and enjoyed them, nonetheless. So if she wasn't up watching TV, where the hell was she?

I frowned at the side of the house. No lights.

Derrick gave far fewer fucks about her privacy. He hopped over the rail of the porch and immediately started looking inside the windows. When he reached the back of the house, he called out. "Ah, guys, you’d better come back here." We joined him at the side of the house where a hall light flickered dimly. The house was empty. It was not only empty of inhabitants, but empty of furniture and fixtures. "They've cleared out. What the hell is going on?"

I glanced at Zia. She was wearing the same frown that Trace was. "When you were here, what did you guys talk about?"

I frowned in concentration. "I don't know specifically. I just wanted to know more. I was trying to make sense of what had happened. It was really innocuous. Just more conversation like we'd already had about where I'd come from, what Derrick had been like as a child, things like that."

Suddenly, Trace palmed his weapon and started glancing around. I looked at Zia, and she was doing the same.

"Is everything okay?"

Zia shook her head. "We can feel it; we're being watched."

Trace wasted no time. He grabbed hold of my shirt collar and turned me around, frog-marching me back to the car.

"Fuck. I can walk by myself."

"No, you can't. It's dark, and I need Zia in control in case shit goes sideways."

One of the windows on the side of the house we were passing shattered. We all had to duck and flatten ourselves on the ground. It was amazing to watch Trace and Zia going into full protection mode.

I didn't love Trace's gigantic body rolling onto mine or Zia's body rolling onto my brother's. The idiot sent me a shit-eating grin when he saw me watching them. I was going to kill him when we got back.

If we got back.

Trace and Zia grabbed us both into a squat position and then marched us silently out of the gate into the car. We stayed long enough so that no one would be able to see us at the car Once we reached the SUV, Trace opened the door and shoved us inside. Zia followed next, and he was last. Derrick and I ducked down, but neither Trace nor Zia did. Zia looked back. "We're fine now."

I stared back at her. "Did somebody just try to kill us?"

"I don't know. Tomorrow in the light of day, we'll send a recon team. If they find bullet casings, then, yeah, someone tried to shoot at you. If they find a rock, then someone threw a rock at us. Not nice, but hardly a lethal force."

"How are you so calm?"

Trace answered for her. "Ariel trained us well for this type of thing. By the time you get to experience it in the field, none of it should be a surprise."

I had known that Zia was badass. I'd seen her whup somebody's ass with no thought or hesitation. The woman I loved would never be that screaming girl, crying for help. Except that night you weren't there.

I knew I needed to let it go. We’d talked about it, and she wanted me to let it go. Let go of the guilt. I got it. She didn't want me seeing that whenever I looked at her, and I didn't. But as we sped away from Elena's house, I wondered exactly what pieces of the puzzle were missing and just how involved our friendly housekeeper was. I hoped to God I could find out where she'd gone or why she'd left because it was the only way we were going to get to the bottom of things. Sooner or later, the real truth had to come out. We couldn't go on like this forever.

Trace made the call to Royal Elite. I knew right away that something was wrong though. It was the way his gaze slid to mine, then away. His voice lowered as he spoke in hushed tones.

When he hung up, I pierced him with a hard look. “What’s wrong now?”

To his credit, he didn’t mince words. “We got a call from Blake Security. Your mother is missing.”





23





Theo…





By the time we reached Sebastian's office, my hands were shaking. I didn't even wait for him to start the meeting before saying, "Someone fucking took my mother."

He nodded slowly. Ethan came forward. "We're aware. We already have Blake Security looking for her."

I turned on him. "How was she taken in the first place? I thought they were supposed to be watching her."

Ethan sighed. "She went in for a treatment. Her abductors were dressed as medical technicians."

I cursed under my breath. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck."

I could feel a soft pressure on my back, rubbing slow circles. Zia, she was comforting me. Because… well, that was Zia. "Theo, I'm so sorry. We'll find her. We'll get her back."

Sebastian cleared his throat. "There's something else."

We all turned to face him. Only then did I become aware of everyone else in the room. Roone, Jessa, Penny, rubbing at her belly, Lucas… all of Team Winston Isles was in there. Bryna was somewhere in the corner with the blond, pixie-like girl. I narrowed my gaze. "What's wrong?"

Penny put her hand on Sebastian's, and then she spoke. "Zia, they have taken your sister Deedee as well."

Numbness. Cold, gray numbness seeped into my pores and I had no idea what to say or do or how to act. My legs were turning to jelly, and I couldn't hold myself up any longer. Someone stuck a chair under my ass to keep me from falling on the ground. Somewhere behind me, Derrick was pacing. "Fuck. It's my father. It has to be my father."

Ariel's voice was cool, calm, and steady. "We've been over and over this. It could still be him, but we don't have any proof. Theo tried to ambush him with the truth, but he seemed genuinely surprised."

Derrick finally stopped pacing. "You don't understand. That’s what he does. He makes you think that you can believe him, but you can't. Not a damn word that comes out of his mouth. What's the ransom? I'll pay whatever it is."

Penny slid a glance to Sebastian and Ariel, then she looked me straight in the eye. "Theo, they want you. You're the ransom."

I stared at her. "What?"

"Well, you and Derrick. They want you both."

Derrick muttered, "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck."

His feelings were clear, but I nodded. "Yeah, whatever they want. We'll meet them. They can have me. If it gets Deedee and my mother back, then fine."

I could almost feel Derrick's gaze boring in on me. "Motherfucker, what? They certainly cannot have me. I don't have a death wish."

Sebastian sighed. "They're not getting either one of you. Ariel, go ahead and make it clear that we're not doing that. We'll figure this out. We have to come up with a plan. One that gets everyone what they need, which means everyone back alive and no one sacrificed.

Derrick groaned. "You don't understand. He's done this before. It's a play. He wants back on the board, controlling everything. When I was gone, it was easy. That's why I think they tried to take you, Theo. But you were harder to abduct than he thought. Then I escaped, but the last he heard, I was still MIA. And since he didn't actually take me, he was probably shitting himself, wondering who the new player in the game was."

Everyone was looking at him like he was crazy, and I asked, "But Derrick, what about Elena? Do you think he's done something to her, too?"

"Look, we might have some questions about Elena and her family, but she raised me. She loved me like a mother would. If she’d wanted to harm me at any time, she could have. Or you, for that matter, while you were living in the penthouse and pretending to be me."

I nodded slowly at that. "It's true. She could have killed me in my sleep. She could have poisoned me or anything. So where has she gone? I mean, why all these unanswered questions?" I rubbed the back of my neck. "Sebastian, it's my mother, Zia’s sister, people we care about on the line here."

He nodded slowly. "Look, we'll get them. We'll bring them back. You have my word."

"We're going to need a hell of a lot more than your word. Whatever you need from us, I'll do it." I turned around to glare at Derrick. “We’ll do it.”

Derrick sighed. "Yeah fine, me too, but I’m stopping short of sacrificing myself. Today is a shitty day to die or get maimed."

Lucas chuckled. "I'm liking you a lot better now."

Sebastian rolled his eyes. "Derrick, when you were a kid, you didn't have anyone in your corner. Now you've got a whole bloody team. We will make this work."

I could see the war inside him. Hell, I could feel it. They were his family, but somehow, I was closer to them than he was. "Yeah, fine. The only thing I have to do tomorrow is sign the merger paperwork, then I'm gelded. Just call me a sacrificial lamb. A damn pretty one, I might add."

I rolled my eyes. "Please. We all know I'm the pretty one."





24





Derrick…





After all these years, it was almost done. Good thing I was a patient man. When all was said and done, Theo and the rest of the gang would be disappointed. But I had to do this. I'd worked too hard to walk away.

It was worth risking my life to finish it. Today I’d sign the papers, and the old man would pay.

The funny thing was that until the last couple weeks or so, it had never occurred to me that I’d have family. At the very least, I had Theo by my side, but my brother had brought me into the fold of the royal family too.

Do you think he's going to be hurt when he finds out?

He would be. He'd feel betrayed. But there was no avoiding it. I had to do it. I'd worked too hard, and my father had to pay. I’d tried to safeguard innocent people. I had a singular target, but there might be casualties. And that couldn’t be helped.

The two halves of me warred, but in the end, I’d already made my decision.

"For the record, I think you’re making a mistake."

My head snapped back at my brother's voice. "Jesus, Theo. Don’t you have any faith in me? I’m not a complete idiot."

Theo shrugged. "I think nothing is lost by taking time for more due diligence, but it’s your company, so I suppose it’s your call. I’ll be in the meeting with you though. And I want to follow up on Elena’s niece later, too."

I nodded and smiled. “Great minds think alike.”

He shrugged. "Yep. When I went to see Elena that day, her niece said that she worked here briefly in accounts payable.”

“What? What's her name?"

"Nina Dominchyk. Brunette. Very pretty. But that's not the point. The point is Elena never told us much about her, and she was right here under our noses. So, I figured I'd do a little digging while you do the whole merger thing."

I nodded slowly. "No, it works. In ten minutes, I'm about to be up to my eyeballs with lawyers and paperwork. It makes sense. I hope she can give us some answers.”

Theo nodded. "If she’s been under Elena’s roof all these years, she has to have some idea of what's going on."

I frowned as I nodded. "You don't have a lot of faith in people, do you?"

He shrugged. "Even though I’ve been burned a lot, I still do. But I’m also a realist. There’s no way I believe she can’t have known something. Whether it’s major and she knows who’s been trying to kill us, or she knows that her aunt is up to something. Either way, I don’t think she’ll walk away completely unscathed." He shifted on his feet, and I could see the strain he was working to hide. “Besides, I need to keep busy.”

“I know.” I wasn’t really good at the comforting thing. Not exactly my wheelhouse. “We’ll get them back tonight. I know I don’t really know her, but Adele is still my mother, so I have a stake in this too. We’ll do what we need to do to bring her and Zia’s sister home.”

“I know, and secrets notwithstanding, it’s not fair that you haven't even gotten to know Mom yet. If they kill her, then you won't ever get the chance. And Deedee… I know she’s a pain in the ass, but she’s just a kid."

I nodded. "Yeah, how’s Zia holding up?” I tried not to wince at her name. I knew how my brother felt about her, but I had also grown a little too fond of her. Thinking of her in pain gave me an odd feeling in my chest.

“She’s beside herself with worry, but she’s tough. Never wants to let anyone help her.” He shook his head. “I just wish I understood what someone would want with Elena.”

“Who knows. But I can’t get behind the theory that she is behind this, anyway. She took care of me like her own.”

"You do have a point. Elena had more than ample opportunity to hurt you over the years. So why now? But you don't know anything about who she is, so let's get some answers."

"Yup, I'm ready."

Theo hesitated at the door. "Listen, last ditch effort… this merger, it's not a done deal yet."

I laughed. "Yeah, it is. I'm here. I’m doing this.”

Theo shrugged. "It's your company. Only you know the right thing to do. After all, you’re the billionaire."

There was his damn valiancy. "You're not so bad off with a millionaire's status of your own."

"Hardly."

"No, maybe you're not clear about the details, but you have access to the royal fund. You’re a millionaire. Not as good as a billionaire, mind you."

"I'm not a millionaire."

I laughed. "You weren’t paying any attention in that meeting, were you?"

"What meeting?"

"The royal trust. You get access to the royal trust now as my twin brother. Not to mention, I happen to know that the living trust dad has talks about his ‘children,’ plural. We all inherit."

Theo stared at me. "Seriously?"

As he walked out, I scrubbed a hand over my face. I liked my brother. I actually liked him as a human being.

Unfortunately, after tonight, he wouldn’t like me very much.





25





Theo…





My hands were sweaty. I was really going to do this.

Handing myself over to some unknown kidnapper. There was no other choice. I needed my mother back. And Deedee. I had to get Deedee back for Zia. Whoever was holding them was going to die today. Not at the exchange, of course. The plan was that after Mom and Deedee were returned and we were taken, Royal Elite and Sebastian’s New York team, Blake Security, would follow with their GPS tracker that they'd implanted on both mine and Derrick's molars.

What was the worst that could happen… other than losing them both and dying in the process.

Jesus Christ. So much for a positive outlook.

Derrick, Trace, Jax, Tamsin, and myself were all in the car. Zia was back in the van with Ariel and Roone. Roone was a crack shot, so he was supposed to take out targets if they were available. None of this felt okay; it all felt like a risk. Lucas was in position as well. He was acting as security at the airport where the fuckers would have to come in from the States. We were to meet them on the tarmac. We'd scoped out the scene and planted our people.

Lucas would tag one of the kidnappers with a GPS device as well. But unfortunately, that meant identifying them and getting close enough, so he was the wild card. Sebastian wasn’t loving the idea of his brother anywhere near the action, so to speak, but Lucas had insisted.

My whole family, the family I never even knew I had, was on this team, in on this plan. They were determined to save us.

Next to me, Derrick fidgeted.

Something was off with him.

I nodded at him and bumped our knees. "Are you okay?"

He nodded and flashed me a smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Yup, peachy."

"Did everything go okay with the signing today?"

He nodded. "Yup. Everything went fine."

"Then why do you look like someone shit in your Cheerios?"

"Well, because we're about to hand ourselves off to fucking kidnappers. Does that seem like a good idea to you?"

"Right now, it seems like the only idea."

He shrugged. "Yeah, I just don't want to die today. It's a shitty day to die."

I grinned. I'd finish the phrase that he used at our team meeting. “It's not the best day to get maimed either.”

He smiled. "You know, when this all started, I just wanted to see if you were capable of doing this, of adjusting to this life. But in the last couple of weeks, I regret not getting to spend more time with you. You know, you’re not a half-bad brother."

I winked. "We both know I'm prettier."

He grinned at me then. "If you say so."

The smile he gave me was warmer than before, but something was still off. I didn't have time to pinpoint it or to ask a lot of questions since we were arriving at the drop point.

When we pulled up, Jax's voice was low. "There's the meet sight. You two stay in here. Trace and I will step out. When we see them, we'll open the door for you. But do not step out before that."

My brother shook his head. "The lamb is off to the bloody slaughter. Are you ready?"

"If it gets mom back, I'll do whatever I need to."

Derrick pinched the bridge of his nose. "You really do love her."

"She's my mother. Of course, I love her. Didn't you love your mother?"

Derrick frowned and thought it through. "I mean, I think so. I was still young when she died. I remembered thinking about her as family, but she wasn't exactly warm. There were no hugs and very little love from her. When I had nightmares or a booboo, it was Elena who patched me up."

"Right. I guess Elena was more your mother than your adoptive mother."

“Either way, I had some love.”

That made my heart squeeze. What would I have become without the strong guidance of my mother? What would have happened to me?

We couldn't see Ariel, but she was on our comms. "Still waiting. Lucas says it's clear."

"Is Zia on the line?"

"Yeah, Theo, I'm right here. It's going to be okay."

Derrick rolled his eyes next to me. "Jesus, are you guys going to start professing your sweet nothings? Heads up, last night would have been the time to do that. Not now on an open line with all of us on here."

Penny's voice came over the comms next. "Jesus, they just want to share some love. Hey, you guys, go ahead. Tell each other you love each other."

I had to laugh at that. We'd already said the words. I was happy to say it again, but it felt awkward with everyone listening now.

Sebastian's low chuckle was apparent. "Oh, my God, you've been reading more romance novels again, haven’t you?"

"Hush up. Look, I said I love you."

Zia giggled. "I love you, Theo Coleman."

"Arlington," Derrick corrected.

I rolled my eyes. "It doesn't matter what you call me. I love you too, Zia."

She added. "Now get back to me safe or I'll kick your ass."

Derrick laughed then. "I will attest that she is quite skilled at that."

"Don't I know it?" I muttered. I inhaled a deep breath when I saw movement at the main exit. "Showtime. I'll bring Deedee back safe to you."

"I know you will."

Lucas's voice was clear on the comms. "Look alive people."

When the exit doors opened and the blonde from the gala stalked out with the two hulking men who’d been with her, my stomach turned. Oh, so it was like this? "Those aren’t the people in charge. Those are huntsmen, for sure."

Derrick frowned. "How do you know?"

"Because that's the crew that tried to pinch me from the gala."

Jax muttered under his breath. "Everyone, be ready. Mate, out we get?"

Trace gave him a terse nod, and the two King’s Knights climbed out.

They marched to the halfway point between our SUV and the airport exit, then waited.

The blonde sashayed out to meet them. There were words I couldn't hear, but Jax gestured back to the car, and she glanced our way before heading back to her people. Then she whispered something to one of them, and that guy went back inside. When he came out, he had my mother and Deedee, moving them in our direction.

I reached for my door. It was Derrick who put his hand over mine to stop me. "Uh-uh, remember, we're waiting for them."

"Fuck."

"Look, we do as we're told and make this happen."

The blonde sauntered back over, the two hulking bodyguards behind her. When she reached Jax and Trace, Trace turned around and gestured for us to get out.

Derrick gave me a grin. "Showtime."

I climbed out, my heart hammering. The usual steady thud, thud, thud escalated to a tippity-thud, tippity-thud, tippity-thud. I frantically forced myself to take deep, long breaths, but it was impossible. I didn't know what I was marching to, and I needed to make sure that Mom and Deedee got to safety.

Trace gestured for us to come to meet them, and we stepped over, glancing around, not sure what was going on. The moon was full. The lights on the tarmac were on, and we could see a reasonable glow. When we reached the center point, Mom gave me a grateful smile but refused to look at Derrick. She staggered in the arms of the bony guy and sadly said, "You know the truth."

I gave her a terse nod. "It’s not important now."

Deedee talked more. "Oh my God, Theo… Derrick… whoever... I—Jesus, where's my sister? Oh my God, is Zia here? I need to see Zia."

"Deedee, relax. You're going to follow my mother, follow the team, they'll take you to safety."

She opened her mouth to talk again, but I gave her a shake of my head and she snapped it shut.

The blonde smiled at me. "Ah, you are a hard man to hold on to, Theo Coleman. I'm so glad I have you now."

"Shut up and let’s get this over with."

"Tsk, tsk, why are you never nice to me?"

"Whatever."

She turned to Derrick. "And you, you're a naughty one. You made the news. Well done."

Derrick shrugged. "Get my father out here so we can get this over with. The deal was we get to know who’s behind this."

She grinned. "Ah, first hand me the comm units that are in your ears. I'm not an idiot."

We slid glances at each other and then did as she told us. We were deaf, with no knowledge of what was coming from the team.

She smiled then. "Thanks, Ashton."

Something was happening, because Jax and Trace looked at each other and neither one of them were particularly pleased. Mom and Deedee were handed off. And then they looked at the two of us like they wanted to communicate something.

Blondie took both of us by the elbows. "Gentlemen, come with me. Your benefactor is waiting."

Derrick planted his feet, not budging. "Everyone comes out in the open. That was our deal."

She scowled at him. "Do you realize we can still shoot them from here?"

He shrugged. "No skin off my back. But if you want me in there with you, with the power to do whatever you want, then bring out the mastermind."

God, I just wanted this over. When the door finally opened, the last person I expected walked out.

Elena Dominchyk, who looked chic dressed in fancier clothes than I'd ever seen her in, made quite an entrance. "It's fine Cora. He wanted to know the mastermind? Here I am, Derrick."

It felt like the air had been sucked out of my lungs. "Elena?"

Derrick wavered on his feet. "No. No fucking way."

Elena started toward him. "Yes, Derrick. For years you've been looking for that person behind the kidnapping when you were a boy, and I was right under your nose."

His gaze flickered to me. "No. No, way."

Elena snapped at him. "Why? Because I'm just the housekeeper? I don't look as if I'm smart enough to do this?" She held her phone up to her ear. “Sweetheart, can you please come out here?”

Our gazes went back to the door, and out walked Arlington.

But Jesus Christ, what the hell? No, someone else was walking behind Arlington holding a gun at his back. Shit.

Brian Cohen.

Our father stumbled forward. "Enough. I get it. I'm moving."

Derrick and I stared at each other.

"I'm not moving any further until someone tells me what the hell is happening."

Elena was all too happy to start her villain speech. "I have looked after this idiot for twenty-six years. I have loved him like a mother. I have taken care of him, and he treated me like I'm a fucking non-citizen. Without me, there would be no Derrick Arlington. You realize your adoptive mother would have smothered you in the crib as a baby, right? It was I who stood guard."

Derrick shook his head. "But why? Why do you hate me?"

"I hate you because you have everything my daughter should have had."

"Daughter?"

My head was spinning. Timothy Arlington's jaw was set. He remained unmoving, like a tree.

Cohen scowled at me. What had I ever done to him?

I wasn't going to dare to ask because Elena was still speaking, though she was addressing Derrick. "I loved your father. And if he had treated me better, none of this would have happened. When you were nine, he was in the middle of an argument with Adele. She wanted him to provide access to some fancy program for Theo. It was the only time she ever called to ask for anything.”

My gut twisted. If this was true, it meant my mom had been in contact with Arlington when I was a kid.

“I asked for the same for Nina. Which was only her due. But he refused. He said it was too expensive to send her to boarding school. He took no pity on me or his own child. He didn’t care that I was busy taking care of his son with another woman while my own child had to live with my sister.” She shook her head. “On no, there weren’t fancy schools for my Nina. But she is remarkable just the same.”

Derrick had clearly lost his patience. “What do you want from us, Elena? We’re not the ones who wronged you.”

She glowered at him, lip curling into a sneer that said she didn't think much of my brother. “I took you to remind him of his deal with me; the deal for my silence and for taking care of you. He was supposed to make sure Nina was taken care of financially, at least. She couldn’t have a mother's love, of course, because I couldn't look after you and her."

I frowned at my father. "Were you ever going to acknowledge her as yours?"

He rolled his eyes. "The mistake with this woman happened right before you two were born. I never intended to keep sleeping with her.”

I couldn’t stand him. “But you did, didn't you?”

“It was before I found out about you two. It was an affair. No big deal."

I wanted to smack him. He was going to get all of us shot at that rate.

Elena laughed. "No big deal? My daughter missed out on her mother’s love. She missed out on the best education. You will give her what she's due even if I have to sacrifice your legacy to get it."

Arlington glared at her. "And if I don't?"

"You know that trust that Brian here made you sign a while back? It says ‘your children’ will inherit, and a quick DNA test will show that she is your child. And now that we have these two in custody and they're going to die, she’ll be the only one. She will inherit everything."

I wasn't going out like that. "Why kill me? I didn't even know anything about this?"

Elena sighed and marched over to me. "I was serious when I told you that you were the son I would have liked to raise. At least you were kind.” She jerked her chin at Derrick. “Not like that one."

Derrick just shrugged. "I’m just a product of my upbringing."

She walked right up to him and backhanded him. I was surprised by the venom behind it.

"I don't have any feelings, Elena. Hit me all you want. I don't care. There's nothing you can do to me that will be worse than what I've already gone through."

"You're such a spoiled, useless child."

"Man. I'm a man now. If you're going to try and kill me, I will put up a fight."

"Oh, I'm not going to kill you. Brian's going to do it."

Cohen shifted on his feet. "Elena, let's get this over with."

We kept trying to stall, because Jesus Christ, our guys needed a shot. Could Roone make the shot from his location? And who would he take out? From his vantage point, could he tell that Brian was the danger and not Arlington?

Shit. "Elena, why kill me?"

"Well, I have to kill you because your idiot brother here found out about you."

"So, what? I got dragged into all this mess, and now you're going to kill me?"

"Wrong time, wrong place. Sorry."

Why the hell wasn’t Roone taking his shot? Someone should have taken a shot by now. Any shot.

Derrick looked like he was still reeling. His gaze flitted around wildly before finally landing on our father. "No, this doesn't make any sense. You had me kidnapped to solidify your seat on the board, to solidify your position in the company. That's why you had me kidnapped."

Timothy Arlington shook his head. "No. I didn't have you kidnapped. I don't know how many times I have to tell you this. It wasn't me."

Derrick shook his head. "But you didn't pay the ransom."

Arlington's gaze shifted, and he couldn’t meet Derrick’s eyes as he fidgeted nervously. "I knew who took you. And I knew they'd return you."

"Your father refused to pay your sister's school fees and said she didn't need a fancy boarding school and that she could go and stay at my sister's. I had to show him what would happen. We were at a stalemate. You escaped, which ruined my plans."

Arlington cut her a look. "I still paid for the damn school fees, didn't I? I paid you well."

"I had to kidnap your son so you would do what was right for my child." She laughed but it was an unpleasant sound. “I’ve been siphoning money from the household account for decades. You gave the household a budget three times what you gave to your daughter. I got creative and was able to pocket the overflow. I didn’t need it for school, but it came in handy once I put my plans in motion. You never even looked at that budget.”

“Why would I? I paid you to run the place.”

She shook her head. “And that has always been your hubris. Not seeing what’s right in front of you. Or maybe you did see and just didn’t give a shit.”

Derrick shook his head. "Elena? You saw me. You know how terrified I was."

"Ah, Derrick, when it comes down to it, and it's my child or his, I'll choose mine. Even though she's his too, he never sees her that way, so I'll do what I have to do for her, every single time."

Derrick ran his hands through his hair and mumbled as though speaking to himself. "No, no, no, no. No, I cannot. This isn't right. My father did this to me, that's why I had to do what I did."

I stared at my brother. "Derrick what did you do?"

"I had to get him back. For all the years of pain. I had to get him back."

Elena laughed. "Oh, you mean that little merger deal with Inline? I heard you'd been to see Alistair Cummings to find out what he knew and get him to give up his boss."

"Elena, clearly, you're dying to tell us everything, so just do it." I was losing patience. I wanted this over. If they were going to kill us, it was time to go.

"Cummings and Vanzant’s partner was a man named Jecko Dominchyk, my brother."

Derrick ran his hands through his hair again. "No. No. This is bullshit. Do not protect him."

Elena laughed. "Oh, I'm not here to protect him. I'm done. He was going to cut my daughter out of his will as if she didn’t exist. His daughter. That's what he was going to do. But that's over now. And when I dispose of the two of you, she’ll be the only one to inherit."

“Derrick, what did you do?" I asked my brother.

"Inline. You were right; their numbers didn’t add up. But they weren't supposed to add up. The way the deal is structured, those who would normally stand to gain the most would lose the most. Suffer most of the loss."

My jaw went slack. "Oh my God, it’s a Ponzi scheme?"

"It wasn't supposed to happen like this. He was the only who was supposed to get hurt. The way it was structured, they made it look like those with the most stock made out the best. I was going to use my own money to bolster the employees so that they wouldn't lose anything."

"Jesus Christ, Derrick."

"He was supposed to go down." He stared at our father.

Timothy Arlington stared back and shook his head. "You hate me that much?"

"Yes. I thought you had me kidnapped."

Elena laughed then. "You think he'd care enough to kidnap you? I'm the only one here who has the balls to do what it takes. And as it turns out, Brian here hates your father almost as much as I do."

Cohen muttered under his breath, "I just want this over with."

Derrick stared at Cohen. "You were always there. I thought you cared about me."

Brian Cohen shrugged. "Yeah, your mother, she picked Theo. I didn't have anything to do with you getting kidnapped or any of that, but I was around when your father forced her to give one of you up. You and Theo looked identical, but in your expression, even as an infant, you were pretty much the spitting image of him. Cold, calculating, and I knew she didn't want that reminder of him. I knew I was about to lose everything I’ve worked for when I discovered the truth about this Inline deal. Your father convinced me and most of the board that we had to go in heavy, which of course was a huge mistake. But if I do this, if I help Elena, I get to keep some of what I've worked so hard for."

Derrick frowned at Elena. "What's he talking about?"

"Oh, I should probably mention that Inline's silent CEO is Jecko Dominchyk. All along, as you were plotting against your father, you were working with the very man who took you."

Derrick shook his head. "No, no, no. Fuck you, no." He lunged for her.

I couldn’t tell where the shot rang out from, but two things happened simultaneously; Derrick went down, and so did Brian Cohen.

I dove over my brother, covering his body with mine.

He wasn't complaining, which meant he was probably hurt.

Another shot rang out, and Timothy Arlington dove for some cover. Elena was running. I looked to the side, frantically searching, trying to figure out what the hell was going on. Cohen was down, a trickle of blood running out of his forehead. Jesus Christ, dead center head shot. Roone Ainsley wasn’t fucking around.

Derrick struggled beneath me in an attempt to follow Elena. As she reached the door, Lucas was right there, and I heard him say, “Tsk, tsk. You can’t go that way. Now you’re not going to make me hit a woman, are you?”

Elena shuffled her short stocky frame, running for the main fence. Did she have a car waiting?

Beneath me, Derrick groaned. "Get off me, you big oaf."

"You're alive, aren’t you?"

"Oh, Jesus," he groaned.

I rolled off of him and checked him out. He was bleeding out of his side. I took off my shirt and used it to apply pressure to his wound.

He cursed low. "Fuck you."

"Hey, I'm not the one who played fast and loose with employee stocks."

"It was only supposed to hurt him."

"Yeah, I heard that."

"I'm fucking sorry. This is my fault. My hatred for him blinded me."

"I can see why. It could have blinded me too. Elena seemed so full of love."

"I guess I never did have someone who loved me."

"At the risk of being all sappy and shit, you do now. Maybe I always did. Even though I didn't know about you."

"Yeah, sappy as shit."

"Shut up, or this is going to hurt more."

Beneath my hands, he squirmed. "Oh, fuck, it already hurts."

"Well, it is a gunshot wound. What did you expect?"

"What are the odds you'll take one too, so we have a matching set?"

"Fuck that plan."

"Arsehole," he grumbled.

"Hey, I'll take it. If you're calling me an asshole, it means you're alive."

Finally, I heard cars and saw the sheen of headlights approaching.

I could hear feet moving quickly on the pavement followed by the sound of Zia’s voice. "Oh my God, Theo. Theo. Theo, are you okay?" I could hear her panic.

I glanced up. "I'm fine. Derrick has been shot though. We need to take him to the hospital."

Jax and Trace were faster than any ambulance I could have imagined. They pulled up in the SUVs, and then suddenly there was something rumbling at our backs. Something that looked like a mobile grenade rolled over to us. Trace leaned down. "I'll take it from here."

All I could do was look down at the blood on my hands. Around the corner, Tamsin grabbed Timothy Arlington.

How had the whole team shown up and I hadn't known?

You were focused on your brother.

My brother. He'd almost ruined hundreds of lives to get back at our father. A father he'd always assumed hated him. I couldn’t imagine how he was going to live with what he’d done.

The good news was I didn't have to figure it out. Zia was in my arms, and she was holding me and squeezing me tight. My arms wrapped around her, and I relaxed into her embrace with her tiny frame pressed up against me. I inhaled the hibiscus and the ocean breeze, and I knew I was home, no matter what else happened. I was exactly where I belonged.





26





Theo…





How could he be such an idiot? God. I paced outside of Derrick's room. He was in a private wing at the hospital that might as well be in the palace itself. Zia sat in a chair holding her phone tightly in her hand and watching me. I knew she was worried, but there wasn't much she could do to help. What was even more notable was how the rest of Royal Elite milled about. Lucas, Roone, and the king himself called every twenty minutes for updates. They were all here to support me, to support him.

I'd ridden with him to the hospital, cursing him for everything. He'd cursed me right back, and all at once, it hit me. It was like we'd been having this push and pull between us for longer than I had ever imagined. He was my brother… my twin.

I'd been so focused on him I hadn't even noticed much else about my surroundings, so I didn't really pay attention when the doors at the end of the hall swung open and someone rushed in.

"Theo."

The sound of my name snapped me out of my reverie. "Mom?"

Had she always looked so small? Despite her size, I thought her color definitely looked better than the last time I'd seen her. "Are you okay? Did they hurt you?"

She shook her head. "No, I’m fine. I—how—how is he?"

And then in startling clarity, as if everything suddenly slid into focus, I remembered all the reasons why I hadn't spoken to her in over two weeks. All the reasons why I had no idea what to say. "Right. Derrick."

"Theo, I wanted to tell you a million times."

"But you didn't, right?"

"No, I didn't. And I could give you a million reasons as to why. A million excuses about how I justified it to myself, but it all boils down to one thing; it was just easier not to tell you."

I nodded. "Well, at least thanks for the honesty."

She shrugged. "I think we both know I’m not honest. But you have to know I never wanted you hurt. I somehow thought that knowing and still having to be apart would be even harder for you."

"You never gave me that choice, Mom. You made it for me. You deliberately withheld the truth. How can I ever trust you again?"

She winced. And I wanted to take care of her, to pull it back, to tell her it was okay and that I understood, but I didn't. I didn't understand a damn thing. She had separated me from my twin, and it hurt. That phantom pain I'd carried around for years because I had a twin I didn't know. I’d thought it was the missing-dad thing, but no. It was the brother thing.

"Look, I know I can't begin to make up for what you've lost with your brother, but I want you to know how much I love you."

"Mom, I know that. You've shown me love every single day of my life. But what about him? He didn't know that. He was raised by people who very likely shouldn't qualify as parents. He was raised by a monster who pretended to love him. Can you imagine how he feels?"

"I wish I could take it all back. I wish I could make all of this better somehow. If I could, I would. I swear to God. When I was with your father years ago, there was a part of me that knew it was going to end badly. But I was enthralled, and I believed the lies he told me. I also loved someone else… Brian. He gave me the kind of kindness your father didn’t have in him. But I was drawn to that fire that was your father. When I found out I was pregnant, I knew your father would insist I hand you over to him, or worse."

I frowned. “Mom?”

“I was a terrified kid. I had nowhere to go. Little family to speak of. And certainly not anyone who could help me. He had all the power. But Brian helped me to get out of town and gave me money to tide me over until I had a job. He was kind then.” She swiped at her tears. “But the moment your father confronted him about his feelings for me, he caved and told him where I’d gone. That’s when Timothy came for Derrick. A million times I’ve wished I could change what happened. All I can ask is your forgiveness.”

"But you can't change it, Mom. You can't make any of this better. It doesn't matter how hard you try."

"Theo, I'm sorry, and I understand every single thing you're saying. I know. I messed up. I was terrified Timothy was going to take you both. I was so scared. When he said he wanted his firstborn, I tried to fight him. I called every lawyer I could think of, but they all stressed the legality of the parental rights of the father. He had money, and I didn't. It felt like I'd let him buy Derrick, but I knew that you would need things in life, and I didn't think I had any other choice."

"There's always a choice." I had always known my Mom had a spine of steel, and when she tilted her chin up and stared me down, I could see it.

"What would you have done? Let him take both of you? No. There was no way I was going to let him do that. I loved you. I kissed your booboos. I scolded you. And our agreement was that during the first five years of your life, before you would be able to remember anything, you’d get to see each other once a year. I had to pour all my love into him once a year. And after that, I didn't get to see him anymore. You just thought it was cool that this kid kind of looked like you. I always thought you'd feel the loss of him and he of you, but you were children. Your minds offered you other explanations."

"No, you’re wrong. Derrick and I have both felt that loss our whole lives.”

"So tell me, could you have made that impossible choice? Tell me now, and I will turn right back around and walk out these doors."

The pain slashed through my chest. The idea of letting someone take my children. I would kill them. But could I save one knowing the alternative was to lose both? "Mom, I—” I knew she was right. There was no way anyone faced with that decision could sit back and do nothing. And if I knew her, she did fight until there was no choice. Just like she fought for me all the time.

What could she have done? Timothy Arlington was practically royal. And she'd given up one son to save the other.

I sagged against the wall and my eyes pricked with tears. "I couldn't have done it. I'm sorry for judging you, Mom. I just—when I found out, I couldn't—"

She nodded and strode to me. Her thin arms wrapped around me, and just like always, she absorbed my tears, my exhaustion, my fear... Like she had my whole life.

“I’m sorry I didn't tell you about this.”

"Baby, I know. I can only imagine. And I wish I'd been the one to tell you the truth. But when you were a boy, it seemed crueler to tell you than to not tell you. I tried to protect you from the pain, but you felt it nonetheless."

"I just want him to be okay."

She nodded. “And I just want the opportunity to get to know him. He probably hates me.”

I shook my head. "Nah. He puts up a good front because he expects to be unloved. And he’s done some stupid shit, but he's not really capable of hate. At his core, he's decent."

"Do you think he'll like me?"

I laughed. "All he's ever wanted his whole life is for someone to love him unconditionally. Since I’m guessing you’re about to give him that, there’s no way he could hate you."

She took my hands then. "If only—I hope it's as easy as that."

"Nothing is going to be easy. Not after what happened tonight. But hopefully, we'll work it out."

"Hopefully. But are you okay? You're not hurt?"

I shook my head.

She wrapped her arms around me and squeezed me tight. And I hugged her back. As I gazed over her head and across the room, Zia gave me a tremulous smile. I couldn't have done any of this without her by my side, watching my ass. All of this had been such a mess, the way it had started right through the way it turned out. But thanks to her, I had a family. A big ruckus of a family that I hadn't planned on. But that was everything I wanted. And everything would work out for the best as long as I had her.





Derrick…

Okay, yeah, that hurt. That opening the eyes thing was not a good call. Best to keep those suckers closed the rest of my life.

Basically, everything hurt. Everything that involved moving, or breathing, or hell, even blinking. It was easier to keep my eyes closed, but I could feel Theo staring at me. "Open your eyes, fucker. I know you're up."

I peeled one eyelid back. "When you talk so sweet to me like that, it makes me want to do whatever you say."

"Bite me."

"Oh, I can see our childhood conversations now. Me, using wit and logic. You, resorting to ‘bite me.’"

"Jesus Christ, you could have died tonight."

"Yes, a fact of which I am very well aware. Fuck, everything hurts."

"You deserve that."

I winced. "I know, I made a mistake."

Theo blinked at me. "A mistake? You committed fraud. Do you even understand how much trouble you're in right now?"

"I have a fair idea."

"This is going to mean jail time."

"Possibly, but I have some very good lawyers."

"Is everything a joke to you?"

"No. Everything is not a joke to me. Because if it was, my side wouldn't fucking hurt."

My brother groaned. "Jesus Christ, I will kill you myself. I swear to God."

"You keep promising and swearing to God. One of these days you're going to have to see it through."

"You need to take life a little more seriously and start caring about things and people other than yourself."

I pinned him with a look. "I do care about things. I mean maybe not before the last couple weeks or so, but spending some time with you has proven you're not half bad."

Theo's lips twisted into a smirk. "For the better-looking brother?"

"Let's not get carried away. I’m going to have a sexy scar now. Women love scars."

"If you can find one who'll have you."

"That's a good point. Do you think Zia is willing to have the two of us?" I could have sworn he growled. “Just kidding. Jesus!”

Theo’s expression turned serious. "Listen, I have someone outside who wants to see you."

My gut twisted, sending an even bigger pain to my side. "She wants to talk to me?"

"I mean, you're her kid. So yeah, she wants to talk to you."

"Couldn't you tell her I’m dead or something? Very busy being dead."

Theo chuckled. "Look, I wasn't particularly thrilled with her either, but let’s put things in perspective. You could have died tonight. And she has been dying a little bit with every treatment she’s endured, although she looks better now. So, fingers crossed for her remission. But life's too short. You could waste it being pissed at her, and I could waste it being pissed at you, but what’s the point?"

"You mean like I wasted my whole life being pissed at the wrong person."

He shrugged. "Well, that was bound to happen. But since you can't do anything about it, why don't you meet our mom?"

I nodded slowly. I wasn't sure I could do this. I wasn't sure how emotional I would get. It wasn’t like I knew this woman.

Theo went to the door and opened it slowly. He slipped out, and a small woman stepped in. She was tiny. Thin, not frail though. There was something strong about her.

"Hello, Derrick."

"Mommy dearest."

She winced. "I guess I deserved that."

See? There it was. That pain near the chest area. What the fuck was that? "Force of habit. Seems people are always running from me. Are you going to run?"

"That's a fair question. You have a right to ask it."

"Well, answer me. Will you run? Is this just a passing thing for you? A curiosity about the twin son you never got to know? Will you take off and vanish once that curiosity is satisfied?”

"Now that I have access to you, I’m not going anywhere for as long as you'll allow me to stay."

I frowned. "What?"

"You're my son, Derrick. Your father might have taken you when you were young, but you're an adult now. An adult who's well aware of my existence. So now, I can see you anytime you’ll let me, Timothy Arlington be damned."

"You just gave me up."

"No, I didn't. I fought him. But he had money and I didn't. And I'm sorry, because it's a weak excuse, but when he threatened to take you both, I knew I wouldn't survive that. I don't know if you remember, but we did get to see each other once a year when you were very young. I held you. I smelled your hair. I put you to bed. We were allowed to make those memories until you and Theo were five. We could see you but only once a year. It was torture. It was also the best kind of salvation."

I frowned at that. There was something familiar about her voice.

She stepped closer, and I could practically feel her warmth from a foot away. "I don't remember you."

"That was the point. You weren't supposed to remember me. After five, he knew you’d start forming some memories. And you were certainly going to remember your brother. The two of you were thick as thieves, two peas in a pod. You were twins. I didn't know if I was doing more damage to either of you by letting you see each other or not, and that scared me, if I’m being frank. That’s when your father said you two weren't allowed to see each other anymore. And he said if I fought him on that, he was going to take Theo too."

I winced. "And you loved him too much to let that happen, right?"

"Of course. I love you both."

I nodded, blinking rapidly. "Yeah, well, I haven’t exactly felt any of that love, so..."

"That's my fault. I'm sorry. But I can get treatment down here just as well as I can in New York, and I'd love the opportunity to get to know you better."

"Haven't you heard? I'm going to jail. Little thing with the Ponzi scheme. Not one meant to hurt anyone, except for dear old dad, but still, the authorities are none too pleased. And Sebastian is disappointed as always."

"You know, you don't have to live up to that. Whatever Timothy and Elena and everyone else told you about who you’ve been your whole life, you don't have to live up to that. You can be who you want. If you want to be good, be good. If you want to be the guy who isn't plotting revenge, be that guy. That’s within your power."

My heart squeezed. "I usually just live up to people's expectations."

"And what are your expectations for yourself?"

Shit.

Had she asked me that question three months ago, I would have just said party, have fun, not think about much. But the moment I met Theo, all that changed. He had rattled my world, made me see everything differently. I didn't want that. I didn't need that.

But you did. And you do.

"I'm not sure I know how to be anything else."

"Well, it’s a good thing you're going to have a lot of time to think it through."

"Yeah, in jail."

"Either way, whatever happens, I'm not leaving you here. I fought once and lost. This time, I want to win that battle for your heart."

Shit. Why were my eyes wet? "I needed you. All those years ago, I needed you."

She nodded and then reached out a hand, finding mine and then clasping it within both of hers. "I know. I'm not walking away from you this time. And neither is your brother, so you might as well get used to having a family."

That was the word. Family. I’d never had much sense of it growing up. But lately I’d had it in spades. Even if I hadn’t warmed to it at first.





27





Zia…





Theo's hand encapsulated mine as we walked, and the waves gently washed onto the beach. His voice was soft when he said, "I love you."

I blinked back the tears that were far too close to the surface. "I know. I love you too. I didn't know everything was going to happen like this."

"You mean, you didn't expect to fall in love with the double of the man you were charged to protect?” He grinned. “I didn't expect any of this either. It was supposed to be a simple job. Pretend to be a billionaire. In and out. Instead, I got a whole new family."

We walked on with the warm sand filtering between our toes. The doctors had made us all go home. Too many of us wanted to see Derrick and check on him. It didn't even matter what Sebastian said. The docs said their patient needed rest. Which was probably accurate. But when we returned to the palace, Theo didn't know where he should go.

Sebastian had insisted he stay in the palace as usual until he figured out where he was going from there. Besides, he was part of the royal family.

His mother was put up in the palace too, and she couldn't believe it. Theo had made the call home, so Kyle knew that Adele was safe, and Kyle was on his way back to the islands.

I was looking forward to getting to know both Theo’s mother and Kyle better. After all, they were part of his other life. One I desperately wanted a window into. I wanted to know everything about him.

Theo squeezed my hand. "Are you okay?"

"Well, it's been a hell of a night. As soon as we get back, I should crash out. I don't think I can take anymore."

He stopped me in front of the cabana. "Looks like it's going to be really pretty."

"Yeah. You should have seen it before. Prince Tristan put all the stuff that Ariel liked inside, you know, like a library. The kind of books she liked and those kinds of things. Decorated it real nice."

"This was their spot?"

I shrugged. "Well, technically, anyone could use it. But they used it the most. There are other cabanas further down the beach where the royals can be a bit separated from the people, but since this is a private beach, this was all theirs. Then it got blown up. But it’s almost all fixed up again.”

"It's nice," Theo glanced around. “Maybe we could come down here sometime, enjoy the water.” After several deep inhalations, his voice was soft, "You want to head back?"

"You must be exhausted." I hadn't even thought about how wrecked he might be. It had been a hell of a night.

"Yeah, you know what, almost getting kidnapped will do that to you," Theo chuckled, but it was harsh and brutal.

"I'm so glad you walked into Royal Elite that day."

He nodded. "Me too. You know, I thought I was done for several times there."

"I can only imagine. It was so noble of you to agree to their terms."

"Zia, I had no choice. They had my mother. They had your sister. I wasn't going to let you go through pain and worry like that. And well, as for my Mom, there was no other option."

I stepped into his arms, wrapping mine around his waist. "That is why I love you."

"And I love you. You know, before all this happened, I'd been giving a lot of thought to my future, what I was going to do, where I was going to go. I know I kept saying that I wanted to get back to my life, but the more I stayed here, the more I realized my life is here in the islands. I've never even taken a Caribbean vacation. Five weeks here though, and this feels like the place I belong. I wish I could explain it."

I laughed and said, "It's home. That's the thing about home. It doesn't have to make sense."

“That's a good point. Nothing about this makes sense, but home isn't just the island, or the ragtag group of friends and family I seem to have made for myself. Home is you, Zia. You're this little spitfire that basically kicked a would-be kidnapper's ass just for me… a man you’d never even met. I've never seen anything like you. Full-on dynamo. I think I fell in love with you that first day."

She shrugged. "I think I fell in love with you when you first kissed me. Nah, it wasn't that day. I mean, it was a very good kiss, but I really fell in love when you helped Peter.”

He grinned then. “Peter. I’m glad I never got around to asking Elena to look in on him, but maybe I'll do that myself."

I shook my head. "My God, Elena. How could that seemingly sweet woman have been so diabolical?"

"I have no idea. Maybe it was just survival. After all, she had a child to protect. I get it."

"You know what that means?"

He frowned. "What?"

"You have a sister."

"I guess, I do. I haven’t really had a chance to sort it out yet."

"Of course not. And Derrick… God help that scenario. He's going to be on trial, and he's in a lot of trouble."

"I know. The thing is though, he's resigned himself to the idea. He's ready, I think, to face his mistakes. He said it himself… his own hatred for his father led him down that path. He would have done anything to take Timothy down.” He shook his head. “And while Arlington was responsible for Derrick’s unhappiness through the years, separating him from his twin and his mother, he wasn’t behind the kidnapping. It seems while Derrick has always had good reason to loathe his father, he focused on the wrong series of events. "

"I can't even imagine spending all of your time hating someone, thinking of revenge plots, and that person wasn't who you thought they were. It all looks crazy. I just wish… I don't know. I wish he didn't have to go to jail and that you’d get to spend more time with him."

Theo nodded. "Maybe. But that's up to Sebastian and the courts. But even if he does go to jail, I'm going to lobby for minimum security."

“He'll do his time. Or maybe he won't have to do any time at all. He can blow the whistle on anyone else he knew was corrupt. There are lots of people on the board, and some of them also had to know the truth behind that deal."

"That's a good point. I'm just lucky to have you. I get to wake up next to you every day, and I can’t wait for that."

I grinned up at him. "Hey now, I was counting on you going home. I have this whole other life here, a boyfriend, and a kid somewhere."

He chuckled low and pulled me close. "The hell you do. You should probably call that boyfriend and tell him that you're mine."

"Am I yours now? Or are you mine?"

"How about this? We belong to each other. And, I'd like to make it official."

I blinked up at him. "Hm-mm, what do you mean now? Are you going to give me a friendship bracelet?"

He shook his head slowly and then reached inside his pocket. "I'm going to do you one better."

I laughed. "What? You going to make me a whole friendship necklace?"

He chuckled low and pulled something out of his pocket. "No, I got you a ring."

I stared down at the little box in his hand and blinked rapidly. "What?"

"Look, I'm not saying we have to get married right away, because there's so much more we have to learn about each other, I know. But you are my heart, my home. In all of this craziness, all I could think about was you, your safety and your happiness."

I blinked the tears away. "Jesus Christ, Theo, what are you doing?"

"I'm proving to you that not only will I show up for you, but I will move all of heaven and earth to secure your happiness."

He bent down on one knee and then took my hand. "Zia Barnes, will you marry me?"

And I was a slobbering mess. Tears, sobbing, that kind of ugly crying when I looked at the ring. "Yes! Yes!"

"Are you sure it's not too fast?"

"Nope, you’re stuck with me now."

He took the ring, three strands of rose gold braided together then coiled and flattened to showcase a single solitaire in the center, and he slid it on my finger. "Now, you're never taking this off, do you hear me?"

I nodded slowly. "Oh, I hear you. And as soon as we do this thing, you're getting one just like it that you are never taking off."

He shook his head. "I cannot wait."

A few short weeks ago, I'd been hiding behind a pillar, avoiding a man I thought I'd once loved. And now, a completely different man had singlehandedly shown me the difference between bullshit love and the actual real deal. And I was going to be his, forever.





28





Derrick…





"You two have presented me with quite a conundrum."

I watched my cousin as he paced in the conference room. He might have been dressed casually, but the easy power rolled off of him in waves. He'd come to Arlington Tech for this particular spanking, opting not to do it at the palace, as if he wanted to separate what was going to happen from the throne as much as possible.

The summons had not been a suggestion, but a direct order, and as much as I might like my cousin now and as much as my father might want to give him the ol’ fuck you, neither one of us dared ignore the summons.

Besides, my future and my freedom depended on what he said.

He strode around our primary conference room like he owned the place. He didn't.

Neither do you.

Impatient, I cleared my throat. "Sebastian, can we just stop the theatrics. I assume you're sending me to jail."

He stopped and gripped the back of one of the chairs. "I'm the king; I'm not the courts."

I rolled my shoulders. I needed to take my punishment on the chin. I’d fucked up. I knew it. He knew it. And it was going to be public knowledge soon. "I did what I did. I thought it was the best thing and minimized the damage as much as I could."

My father sat back and glared at me. "Minimized the damage?" He shook his head and then shut his trap.

I sighed. "You know what, Dad, I'd shut up if I were you. You're not helping the situation." I worked my jaw. After I'd gotten out of the hospital, I had gotten another kind of escort. Not so much protective custody, but I'd been under house arrest at the palace. Had to wear a little ankle monitor and everything.

Sebastian continued as if the peanut gallery hadn't made any commentary. "You two have started a whole fucking mess because you couldn't talk to each other."

I stared at my cousin. "He basically tortured me for years."

Sebastian sighed. "No one is disputing that. It's still a mess though. Which leaves me with the question of what to do."

My father spoke up again. “What the fuck? I’m disputing that. Derrick’s life was fucking perfect.”

Sebastian ignored my father and kept his gaze on me. I'd fucked up. I’d let my rage control me. All I'd been able to focus on was making my father pay, as it turned out, for something he hadn’t done.

Oh, he did a whole hell of a lot else, but he hadn't been behind my kidnapping all those years ago. However, he was still responsible for a hell of a lot of my misery. Stealing me from my mother, separating me from my brother, never showing me a single ounce of love. That had been real.

Sebastian stopped. "Derrick, let me be perfectly clear. Even with your cooperation, you could do time. You’re not in direct line to the throne, so the Royal Council cannot intervene on your behalf. The best I can do is make a recommendation to the courts."

I swallowed hard. I hadn't really thought ahead to the prison sentence. Mostly I hadn't really thought I'd get caught. Or I’d at least assumed that if I had gotten caught, I'd be long gone by the time anyone really figured it out. But it would be fine if I had to live in some shitty non-extradition country. Because the old man would be taken down. But he wasn't down. That night had ruined everything.

My father sat forward. "Just get on with it."

Sebastian turned slowly then and planted his hands on the massive glass table. "I'll remind you Uncle, that I'm the one giving orders. And you are in no position to negotiate."

"Do you really want to get into a power play with me? I've been at this longer than you have."

"Yeah, but thing is I'm still the king. And the king is law."

He turned to me then. "Derrick, if you work with the authorities, give them everything you have, everyone who was involved with the Ponzi scheme, names, times, dates, everything they want, a deal might be able to be worked out."

I sat up straighter. "Are you serious?"

Sebastian nodded. "Yeah. Since the deal didn't actually go through, we're more interested in the illegal book-cooking that happened on the Arlington Tech side than anything else."

I blinked at him. He was giving me an out. All I had to do was burn everything down.

You can still burn it all and remain intact. You can be the better person. And be free.

"And you're saying that I can have my life back?"

Sebastian shrugged. "It's not for me to say. We have a court system for a reason. But I know for a fact that there are bigger fish to fry than you. So, work with your solicitor. You’ll have to give them everything they ask for."

My father sputtered. "What? He's just going to walk away from this business free and clear? He tried to ruin me."

Sebastian grinned evilly at him, his white teeth more of a baring of chompers than an actual smile. "That's just the thing, Uncle. Knowing what you've done, the loopholes you created, your plan to cheat all of Arlington Tech's investors out of a payday and pay yourself first, you messed up."

He shrugged. "Like you said the deal never went through."

"The deal not going through means Derrick is in less trouble than you are. Thing is the things you did to set this up, that's on the record. You actually did hurt people, your investors, one of which is the Royal Mint."

My father sputtered. "Are you out of your mind?"

"No, I'm not. I suggest, Uncle, that you get yourself a good solicitor. And not one that works for the company. Because until the new CEO is caught up, all assets held by Arlington Tech are being frozen."

"But you can't do that."

"Oh, but I can. You used money from the Royal Mint to line your coffers, to perform the illegal activities. I am technically one of your biggest investors after the executive team. The people are going to demand more than an explanation. They’ll want a pound of flesh."

"What, so you're going to attempt to freeze me out of my own company?"

Sebastian shook his head. "No, I'm not going to attempt to do anything. It's already done. That's why we're in a conference room and you're not in your office. It's being cleaned out right now."

My father pushed to his feet to speak. "You can't do this."

"I can, and it's done. Outside those doors, the Royal Guard are waiting to arrest you."

My father glowered at me. "He's the one who put this in motion."

"Yes, and as deals go, on the civil side the Royal Mint is willing to work with him. We are not however willing to work with you."

"Your mother's going to hear about this."

Sebastian flashed his grin again. "Oh, she already knows. This was her idea. She told me that the easiest way to hurt you was to take your money. Because even for your own child you wouldn't step up. But if I took your money, you would fight for that."

"This is outrageous. You haven't—"

Sebastian put up a hand. "That's enough Uncle." Then he turned his attention to me. "And Derrick, obviously, given your activities, you cannot helm Arlington Tech while we undo the damage that's been done. But the company is profitable, and I do have an investment in this firm. And it'll be brought to the remaining board to vote for a new CEO."

I sat forward. "Look, I fucked up. I know it. And the idea that I might not get jail time is something I absolutely hope for, and I will fully comply with anything the authorities require of me. I will say this though, I have a suggestion for the new CEO, someone who will do this company justice and take it to the heights that it was always supposed to achieve."

Dear old dad laughed. "Let me guess, yourself. No one will do business with you."

I rolled my eyes. "Even I'm not that narcissistic. And that's saying a lot, considering I'm your son." I turned my attention back to Sebastian. "Not me. Theo. He already ran things for thirty days, and he was damn good at it. I know for a fact he will always opt to do the right thing."

Sebastian gave me a smile and a nod. "For once cousin, it seems you and I are on the same page."

I knew that my future was uncertain and that soon enough I might be sharing a prison cell with someone I previously would never have wanted to speak to. But it was no less than I deserved. But the idea that Theo might get the one thing denied to him, that at least made me happy. And I'd live to fight another day. The money had never made me happy. Not once.

But Theo… Theo was happy. Especially with Zia at his side. He'd already taken care of the company as if it were his own. And the truth of it was the legacy should always have been his. If I could rectify that and give my father a big old fuck you at the same time, then I was all for that. As I watched the old man formally be arrested, I slid my gaze to my cousin. "Thank you."

Sebastian shrugged. "Look, I'm giving you a shot. Don't fuck it up. For once, someone's asking you to be decent."

I nodded. "I get that. No one's ever asked that of me before. I've never had family or love. I've never known what it's like to actually disappoint someone who really cared about me. Now that I do, I'm not real eager to do it. So whatever you need from me, consider it done."

Life had given me a hard road, but I was going to have all the support in the world now. My brother was with me, and I felt like I could conquer anything.





Epilogue





Zia…





I slapped down my dominoes with fervor and screamed out "Make them squeaky!"

Ah, Team Winston Isles game night. I was more than a little competitive, and it was the third time in a row I'd beaten Roone and Tristan at dominoes. I deserved to be a little cocky.

Everyone from Royal Elite was there, plus Kyle and Adele. It was a real family affair. Theo and his mom were working on putting their relationship back together, and Derrick had actually been doing a good job of getting to know her.

Kyle sat back and sipped a beer as he chatted easily with Lucas and Bryna. Hell, even the London cousins were there, though both claimed they had to get back to their wives. Xander’s was in some play, and Alexi’s wife was prepping a gallery opening.

The point was the whole family was there, and I knew it was just what Theo needed.

Roone sat back. "Oi, mate, come get your bird before I devise some sort of torture device from the dominoes for her."

I wrinkled my nose at him. "You know I could take you right?"

Roone laughed at that. "Sweetheart, you're welcome to try."

Tristan groaned, “I’m not entirely unconvinced you can’t cheat at dominos.”

Ariel jumped in to the easy ribbing then. "I trained her. Which means she's just as good as I am and you're going to get your ass kicked."

Roone groaned. "Who let you have your own bodyguard agency anyway? It gave you a swelled head."

She grinned at him. "Oh, don't be mad just because I've been your boss several times."

He pointed the finger at her. "You were never my boss."

Ethan chuckled from across the room. "Well technically..."

Roone rolled his eyes. I could feel Theo's gaze on me as I laughed. He apparently was not as good at dominoes as I was.

Didn't they have dominoes in America? Why was he losing?

He groaned from his table and called out, "Babe, come help me. I suck at this."

I giggled at the easy way he said babe. I was his. He was mine. And he was staying.

Sebastian had already broken the news that the board would be putting him up as the new CEO of Arlington Tech.

But he still had to decide what he wanted to do. There was still the Philanthro App that he and Kyle wanted to get off the ground, and he didn't really see himself as a CEO mogul type. But I had faith he could do it. He could make both of those things work if that was what he wanted.

Derrick strolled in with more scotch. "I have come to rescue the party festivities."

Everyone groaned.

"What, I brought scotch?"

The guys all perked up at that.

Penny scrunched her nose. "I'm as big as a house, and the thing you bring to perk me up is something I can't have?"

He winced. "Okay now, Penny, I know you cannot drink. So for you, I brought chocolate. It’s Swiss chocolate. That’s got to count for something, right?"

She scowled at him but still snatched the chocolate out of his hand from her seated position.

She was about to pop any day now. Poor thing looked so uncomfortable.

Derrick had cooperated with the authorities. He'd gotten a hell of a fine and a six-month suspended sentence instead of prison time, and he couldn’t go anywhere without reporting to the crown first.

His father, however, had not fared so well. It seemed there were more instances of fraud than anyone knew about. As soon as the remaining members of the board started doing due diligence, all the dirty dealings came out of the woodwork.

Timothy Arlington had been stealing from his investors for years. Even with the deals that were on the up and up, the contracts were borderline. And it seemed he hadn't been above using blackmail and extortion to get what he wanted along the way. He hadn't been granted bail, so the billionaire who had caused his sons so much torment was in jail where he had zero power. His money, what remained of it, couldn't buy him out. And as far as I knew, neither Derrick nor Theo had been to see him. It seemed that regardless of all that talk of his legacy and what he saw for his future, he'd left a far different legacy than he ever intended.

I relinquished my seat at my dominoes table to give it to Xander. He'd flown in for Derrick and Theo's birthday, and it was great watching the men of the Winston Isles form even deeper bonds. I knew how important it was for Theo and for Derrick. Theo had only ever had Adele and Kyle to rely on, and Derrick had never felt like he had family, so I was glad that they knew what that was like now. They had more than just each other. They had all of us.

When we all switched tables, I intended to pick a different game. Penny wanted to play Monopoly since no one ever let her play because she took it far too seriously. But before I could settle myself, Theo came over and took my hand. "Come with me."

I laughed. "Where are we going?"

"I just want to kiss you."

He dragged me through the doors to the left, into a much smaller office and placed me on the edge of the desk. "How is my beautiful fiancée?"

"I'm good. And how is my very handsome and sexy fiancé?"

"I'm happy. It’s always only ever been my mom, Kyle and me. And I don't know… looking up just now, seeing everyone that I love in one room, fighting tooth and nail over a dominoes game, it’s the kind of thing I always wanted growing up. And I can't help but feel like you brought that to me."

I shook my head. "You brought that to yourself. I mean you said yes to coming here."

He laughed. "Well technically, Kyle made me say yes. But yeah, my face got me in the door, huh?"

I laughed. "Well, it's a very nice face."

"Oh, is it the face you really care about?"

I grinned. "If I’m being honest, the rest of the package is really good too, though I am partial to the shoulders. Because wow. The things you do for a T-shirt."

His chuckle, low and growly, made something pull deep down inside me. "Oh, you just like my shoulders. So, you just want me for my physical attributes?"

I grinned and nodded. "Yes. Hell, yes." I reached for his belt, tugged him closer, and opened my legs wide to accommodate him. "Oh, yes. That's the only reason I want you, frankly. I mean honestly, you talk too much, you're too smart, always having to use thoughts and ideas. You should know when to be quiet and just fuck me already." I laughed as I palmed him.

He gritted out a choked curse. "Fuck."

"Yeah, now you're getting the idea."

He laughed again and slid his nose along the column of my neck. "You are a naughty girl."

"I know. Someone makes me want to be a naughty girl."

"God, I fucking love you so much."

Our lovemaking was both frantic and sweet, neither one of us wanting to waste time. Before I could overthink, he had my leggings down and was drawing an orgasm out of me. It didn’t take much with him.

There in the darkness, with whispered words, Theo made love to me until we were both panting and sweaty.

He kissed my shoulder. “From the moment I saw you, you were my little lightning bolt. Feisty, completely electrifying, and every ounce mine. And I am going to continue loving you like this as long as you will have me.”

“It’s a deal,” I whispered. I figured we'd quickly get dressed again, go back to the game room, say goodnight, and head back to our rooms for a repeat performance. When I stood, I was shaky. “Oh my God, I think you broke me.”

"Oh, that's too bad, because you haven't seen anything yet."

He kissed me deep, sliding his tongue into my mouth, licking the roof of it, kissing me like he was never going to stop. When I pulled back, I smiled up at him sweetly. "Theo Coleman, I love you."

"Zia Barnes, I love you. And one day soon you're going to be my wife."

"And I am certainly looking forward to that. Now let's go say goodnight so we can go and do this properly."

"Mm, kinky. I love a woman in charge."

"Oh, I'm so glad to hear you say that because I will be in charge of you for the rest of your life."

"Oh no, you won't. You're not my protector anymore. I'm in charge now."

"Yeah, good luck with that." I laughed. And then I led him back into the other room. What I expected were rolled eyes and knowing gazes of what we'd been in there doing. But nope. Instead we were greeted by shock, horror, and worry.

"What the fuck did we miss?" Theo asked.

Sebastian's arms were crossed. He frowned as he met my gaze levelly. "The sitting monarch of Nomea has been assassinated."

I frowned. "What the hell?"

Ethan stepped forward and addressed Theo. "The royal line that deposed your family… Someone's killed him. Someone's killed the king."

"What does this mean for Derrick and me?" Theo’s voice was soft.

Xander and Alexi stood, but it was Xander who spoke. "It means there's about to be a fight for that crown, and Lex and I have to get back to London."

Theo glanced at Sebastian. "Shit does that mean Timothy Arlington is king or some shit?"

Sebastian shook his head. "No, it means Aunt Stephanie is next in line to be queen. But it means all of you, Xander, Alexi, Derrick, and you, are official Princes."

"Holy shit." It was about to be a rocky ride.





Thank you so much for reading THE BILLIONAIRE’S SECRET!

I hope you’ve loved Zia and Theo! They may have found their happily ever after, but Alexi faces danger as the crown for Nomea is up for grabs. And his heart is up for a wild ride as he has to fight to protect the only woman he’s ever truly loved.

Order LONDON ROYAL now so you don’t miss it!

And you can read Nathan and Sophie’s story right now! Find out what happens when a seductive, jaded playboy with a filthy mouth meets his uptight neighbor and they strike a little ex payback bargain.

One-click MR. DIRTY now!

“Mr. Dirty is a fun and flirty romance with complex characters and a great storyline." - Amazon Reviewer





Meet a cocky, billionaire prince that goes undercover in Cheeky Royal! He’s a prince with a secret to protect. The last distraction he can afford is his gorgeous as sin new neighbor. His secrets could get them killed, but still, he can’t stay away…





* * *



Read Cheeky Royal now!





Turn the page for an excerpt from Cheeky Royal…





Sneak Peak of CHEEKY ROYAL





“You make a really good model. I’m sure dozens of artists have volunteered to paint you before.”

He shook his head. “Not that I can recall. Why? Are you offering?”





* * *



I grinned. “I usually do nudes.” Why did I say that? It wasn’t true. Because you’re hoping he’ll volunteer as tribute.





* * *



He shrugged then reached behind his back and pulled his shirt up, tugged it free, and tossed it aside. “How is this for nude?”





* * *



Fuck. Me. I stared for a moment, mouth open and looking like an idiot. Then, well, I snapped a picture. Okay fine, I snapped several. “Uh, that’s a start.”





* * *



He ran a hand through his hair and tussled it, so I snapped several of that. These were romance-cover gold. Getting into it, he started posing for me, making silly faces. I got closer to him, snapping more close-ups of his face. That incredible face.





* * *



Then suddenly he went deadly serious again, the intensity in his eyes going harder somehow, sharper. Like a razor. “You look nervous. I thought you said you were used to nudes.”





* * *



I swallowed around the lump in my throat. “Yeah, at school whenever we had a model, they were always nude. I got used to it.”





* * *



He narrowed his gaze. “Are you sure about that?”

Shit. He could tell. “Yeah, I am. It’s just a human form. Male. Female. No big deal.”





* * *



His lopsided grin flashed, and my stomach flipped. Stupid traitorous body…and damn him for being so damn good looking. I tried to keep the lens centered on his face, but I had to get several of his abs, for you know…research.

But when his hand rubbed over his stomach and then slid to the button on his jeans, I gasped, “What are you doing?”

“Well, you said you were used doing nudes. Will that make you more comfortable as a photographer?”





* * *



I swallowed again, unable to answer, wanting to know what he was doing, how far he would go. And how far would I go?





* * *



The button popped, and I swallowed the sawdust in my mouth. I snapped a picture of his hands.





* * *



Well yeah, and his abs. So sue me. He popped another button, giving me a hint of the forbidden thing I couldn’t have. I kept snapping away. We were locked in this odd, intimate game of chicken. I swung the lens up to capture his face. His gaze was slightly hooded. His lips parted…turned on. I stepped back a step to capture all of him. His jeans loose, his feet bare. Sitting on the stool, leaning back slightly and giving me the sex face, because that’s what it was—God’s honest truth—the sex face. And I was a total goner.





* * *



“You’re not taking pictures, Len.” His voice was barely above a whisper.





* * *



“Oh, sorry.” I snapped several in succession. Full body shots, face shots, torso shots. There were several torso shots. I wanted to fully capture what was happening.

He unbuttoned another button, taunting me, tantalizing me. Then he reached into his jeans, and my gaze snapped to meet his. I wanted to say something. Intervene in some way…help maybe…ask him what he was doing. But I couldn’t. We were locked in a game that I couldn’t break free from. Now I wanted more. I wanted to know just how far he would go.





* * *



Would he go nude? Or would he stay in this half-undressed state, teasing me, tempting me to do the thing that I shouldn’t do?





* * *



I snapped more photos, but this time I was close. I was looking down on him with the camera, angling so I could see his perfectly sculpted abs as they flexed. His hand was inside his jeans. From the bulge, I knew he was touching himself. And then I snapped my gaze up to his face.

Sebastian licked his lip, and I captured the moment that tongue met flesh.





* * *



Heat flooded my body, and I pressed my thighs together to abate the ache. At that point, I was just snapping photos, completely in the zone, wanting to see what he might do next.





* * *



“Len…”

“Sebastian.” My voice was so breathy I could barely get it past my lips.

“Do you want to come closer?”

“I--I think maybe I’m close enough?”

His teeth grazed his bottom lip. “Are you sure about that? I have another question for you.”





* * *



I snapped several more images, ranging from face shots to shoulders, to torso. Yeah, I also went back to the hand-around-his-dick thing because…wow. “Yeah? Go ahead.”

“Why didn’t you tell me about your boyfriend ‘til now?”

Oh shit. “I—I’m not sure. I didn’t think it mattered. It sort of feels like we’re supposed to be friends.” Lies all lies.

He stood, his big body crowding me. “Yeah, friends…”

I swallowed hard. I couldn’t bloody think with him so close. His scent assaulted me, sandalwood and something that was pure Sebastian wrapped around me, making me weak. Making me tingle as I inhaled his scent. Heat throbbed between my thighs, even as my knees went weak. “Sebastian, wh—what are you doing?”

“

Proving to you that we’re not friends. Will you let me?”

He was asking my permission. I knew what I wanted to say. I understood what was at stake. But then he raised his hand and traced his knuckles over my cheek, and a whimper escaped.





* * *



His voice went softer, so low when he spoke, his words were more like a rumble than anything intelligible. “Is that you telling me to stop?”





* * *



Seriously, there were supposed to be words. There were. But somehow I couldn’t manage them, so like an idiot I shook my head.





* * *



His hand slid into my curls as he gently angled my head. When he leaned down, his lips a whisper from mine, he whispered, “This is all I’ve been thinking about.”

Read Cheeky Royal now!





Nana Malone Reading List





Looking for a few Good Books? Look no Further





FREE

Sexy in Stilettos

Game Set Match

Shameless

Before Sin

Cheeky Royal





* * *



Royals

Royals Undercover





* * *



Cheeky Royal

Cheeky King





* * *



Royals Undone

Royal Bastard

Bastard Prince





* * *



Royals United

Royal Tease

Teasing the Princess





* * *



Royal Elite





* * *



The Heiress Duet

Protecting the Heiress

Tempting the Heiress





* * *



The Prince Duet

Return of the Prince

To Love a Prince





* * *



The Bodyguard Duet

Billionaire to the Bodyguard

The Billionaire’s Secret





* * *



London Royals





* * *



London Royal Duet

London Royal

London Soul





* * *



Playboy Royal Duet

Royal Playboy

Playboy’s Heart





* * *



The Donovans Series

Come Home Again (Nate & Delilah)

Love Reality (Ryan & Mia)

Race For Love (Derek & Kisima)

Love in Plain Sight (Dylan and Serafina)

Eye of the Beholder – (Logan & Jezzie)

Love Struck (Zephyr & Malia)





* * *



London Billionaires Standalones

Mr. Trouble (Jarred & Kinsley)

Mr. Big (Zach & Emma)

Mr. Dirty(Nathan & Sophie)





* * *



The Shameless World





* * *



Shameless

Shameless

Shameful

Unashamed





* * *



Force

Enforce





* * *



Deep

Deeper





* * *



Before Sin

Sin

Sinful





* * *



Brazen

Still Brazen





* * *



The Player

Bryce

Dax

Echo

Fox

Ransom

Gage





* * *



The In Stilettos Series

Sexy in Stilettos (Alec & Jaya)

Sultry in Stilettos (Beckett & Ricca)

Sassy in Stilettos (Caleb & Micha)

Strollers & Stilettos (Alec & Jaya & Alexa)

Seductive in Stilettos (Shane & Tristia)

Stunning in Stilettos (Bryan & Kyra)

~~~

In Stilettos Spin off

Tempting in Stilettos (Serena & Tyson)

Teasing in Stilettos (Cara & Tate)

Tantalizing in Stilettos (Jaggar & Griffin)





* * *



Love Match Series

*Game Set Match (Jason & Izzy)

Mismatch (Eli & Jessica)





* * *



Don’t want to miss a single release? Click here!





About Nana Malone





USA Today Bestselling Author, Nana Malone’s love of all things romance and adventure started with a tattered romantic suspense she borrowed from her cousin on a sultry summer afternoon in Ghana at a precocious thirteen. She’s been in love with kick butt heroines ever since.

Nana is the author of multiple series. And the books in her series have been on multiple Amazon Kindle and Barnes & Noble bestseller lists as well as the iTunes Breakout Books list and most notably the USA Today Bestseller list.





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.



* * *



The Billionaire’s Secret

COPYRIGHT © 2019 by Nana Malone



* * *



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.



* * *



Photography: Wander Aguiar

Model: Jacob Cooley

Cover Art by: Hang Le

Edited by: Angie Ramey, Michele Ficht

Published in the United States of America





