ME & MY BOYFRIEND





This is a work of fiction. The authors have invented the characters. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

If you have purchased this book with a ‘dull’ or missing cover—-You have possibly purchased an unauthorized or stolen book. Please immediately contact the publisher advising where, when and how you purchased this book.

Compilation and Introduction copyright © 2004 by

Triple Crown Publications

2959 Stelzer Rd., Suite C

Columbus, Ohio 43219

www.TripleCrownPublications.com

Library of Congress Control Number: 2004102058

ISBN# 0-9747895-2-6

Cover Design/Graphics: www.ApolloPixel.com

Author: Keisha Ervin

Editor: Kathleen Jackson

Production: Kevin J. Calloway

Consulting: Vickie M. Stringer

Copyright © 2004 by Triple Crown Publications. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form without permission from the publisher, except by reviewer who may quote brief passages to be printed in a newspaper or magazine.

First Trade Paperback Edition Printing May 2004

10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2

Printed in the United States of America





DEDICATIONS


Dear Kyrese,

My son, Kyrese Demetriese Ervin, I dedicate this book and my life to you. You will never truly know how much “I Love U”. You have taught me the true meaning of what life is. Everyday, you teach me something different and new. I now appreciate life more because of you. You are my little homey and partna' in crime. You are the best thing in life that I have, and will ever receive. Thank you for inspiring me to follow my dreams.





ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS


Dear Lord,

Thank you Lord for the blessings that you have bestowed upon me. You've been shaping and molding me for the past twenty-two years of my life for this moment. I always knew that you had something in store for me, I just never knew what that task in life was. I know that my life hasn't been any harder than the next person. But I have felt my fair share of disappointment, pain, and hurt. The reason I went through these things is, because you wanted me to relay my experience to others. In those times of depression, loneliness, and despair, you were always by my side. I wouldn't change anything that has happened in my life for anything in the world. All of those trials and tribulations have led me to this point in my life. I realize now just what type of person I can be. I still have a lot of growing to do, but with you by my side, anything is possible.

Dear Patricia Poe,

Hey momma, I've finally made it. I know at times, I seemed like a lost cause, but remember, I told you that I had a plan. Thank you momma for reading to me every night before I went to bed. You introduced to me to my love of reading. We may argue and fight, but you are the best mom a girl could ask for.

Dear Carl Ervin,

Daddy, you are my road dog. We've both hurt and disappointed each other, but know that I will forever be your “Fat Momma”.

Dear Keon Poe,

Whaz up big bro? I'm so happy that we have become closer these past of couple of years. I Love U!!!


Dear Pauline Ervin,

Granny, you are my only living grandparent and I Love You. I am so happy that you are here to share this with me.

Dear Ervin Family,

It is too many of ya'll to name, so don't be mad. I swear that I have the funniest family around. I love each and every one of ya'll.

Dear Poe Family,

Ya'll are some crazy folks, but I guess that makes me crazy too. Pat is watching over us all, know that.

Dear Tavia Ervin,

You are more than just my cousin; you are one of my closet friends. You've supported my dreams when most didn't. Thanks for your ear when it was needed.

Dear Alocia Robertson,

Girl, we have stayed friends throughout all of the drama. I hope that I continue to have you in my life.

Dear Miesha Ervin,

You hook my hair up once a week, and solve my problems, at the same time. You are the big sister that I have wished for. You have gone beyond the call of duty as a friend.

Dear TCP Family,

Thank you for all of your support and help with my book. You all have made feel so welcome.

Dear Shannon Holmes,

Thank you for your late night call. You schooled me on the book game that night. Thank you.

Dear Joylynn Jossel,

Thank you for answering my emails. You didn't have to, but you helped me with all of my questions and concerns. Much success to you and all of your endeavors.

Dear Vickie Stringer,

No words in the dictionary can tell you how much you helped me. My dreams of a better life for me and son are coming true because of you. Thank you for believing in “ME & My Boyfriend”. I am eternally indebted to you.

R.I.P.

Pat, Granddad, Daddy Cole, Daryl, Uncle Chester, and

Aunt Sheryl, I know that you are in heaven at peace. I love you

all and wish that were here with us. But I know that every time

the sun shines, you're smiling down on us.

To any and all people that I have wronged, pained or hurt,

forgive me. Blame it on my head and not my heart. And to all

the negative thinking haters, disbelievers, and dream slayers

PICTURE ME ROLLING!!!

KEISHA R. ERVIN





You Don't Know My Name


It was hot, hotter than usual, being it was only June in St. Louis. Ninety-five degrees and sunny, said the weatherman. Meesa sat in disbelief as the weatherman reported the daily weather. How could things be more fucked up? It was ninety-five degrees outside, as well as inside her apartment. It was just her luck that her air conditioner went out a week before. So, she sat at her bedroom window, trying to let any cool breeze come through.

Kids were outside getting wet from the fire hydrant. If she wasn't so old, she would be out there too, she thought. Everybody was outside cause it was too hot to do anything else.

Old women were outside gossiping, while fanning themselves with church fans they had gotten that morning from church. Niggas were outside conducting business with the local fiends, all the while, trying to dodge the po po.

St. Louis was always popping in the summertime. And Meesa soaked up every minute of it. Her and her girls were always kickin' it, doing something. If they weren't in the mall, they were at the salon, or at the nail shop, or at one of the hot spots in St. Louis. Meesa loved the smell of St. Louis air on a cool summer's night. It seemed to energize her and give her a sense of purpose. And the dudes in St. Louis were some of the finest men on the planet Earth. They had a mystique about them, something that made them special.

There was always a nigga coming down her block in a big body truck rolling on dubs, flossing, and looking fine. That shit always made Meesa hyped as hell. She knew she had to get out that night. Q 95.5 FM was having a two-year anniversary party at The Spotlight. Meesa went to the phone and dialed her girl, Destiny's number. She answered on the first ring.

“Hello?”

“Damn somebody's bored.” Meesa teased.

“Girl, it's hot than a muthafucker.”

“I know, I can't take this shit either.”

“But anyway, I was calling to see if you wanted to go the Q 95 party tonight?”

“Hell yeah.” Destiny answered.

“I need to get my freak on tonight, besides we ain't been out in like a week.”

“Well it starts at 11:00, so pick me up at about 10:30 so we can make it there on time.”

“Damn, you just telling me what I'm gonnna do. I'll be there when I get there.”

“Fuck you.” Said Meesa jokingly.

“Bye girl.”

“Aight Dee.”

Of course, they were late anyway. Destiny and Meesa never made it anywhere on time. But that made shit even better for them though. Cause, the later they were, the better their entrance would be. The rest of the girls were going to meet them there. When all of them got together, they always set shit off. Meesa, Destiny, Nikki, Tamara, Gwen, and Kelly always partied hard. Dudes loved them and hoes couldn't stand them. But they understood they were the shit. None of them were ugly, they always were dressed nice and kept themselves up, so bitches always hated. They all met in the third grade, and surprisingly, stayed friends over the course of eleven years. Even in high school, hoes hated them. They were ninth graders and had senior girls hating them. There was always jealously and rumors surrounding each of them. Every boy in school wanted to see one of them. So, you know they got labeled as freaks, just because dudes were giving up cheese to them, and not to the rest of the bitches in school. Meesa was not a freak herself. Some of her friends were, so that labeled her one as well, all because she hung out with them. Meesa just had a good mouthpiece that she used to get whatever she wanted. She spit mad game to niggas. Leading them to believe she liked them and that it was only them she was seeing. Gwen and Kelly used their bodies instead, to get what they wanted. To each is own, was Meesa's motto. Meesa and Destiny spotted the rest of the crew as soon as they walked in.

They were lounging upstairs in VIP. Walking through the packed crowd, dudes were trying to make them stop and holla. But Meesa and Destiny weren't having it. They were trying to make it upstairs to see how the girls had gotten into VIP.

“What's up?” Screamed Gwen.

“Hey girl!” Said Meesa, yelling.

“How in the fuck did ya'll hoes get into VIP?” Asked Destiny.

“Girl, this dude just walked up to us and was like he want us to chill in VIP with him and his boys.” Answered Gwen.

“Who is he? Ya'll don't know him?” Asked Meesa.

“Nah, he said his name was Daryl and that him and his partna's were from out of town.” Said Kelly.

“Here you go ladies.” Said the waiter from behind. He was bringing a bottle of Cristal and glasses over to their table.

“We didn't order this.” Said Tamara nervously.

“I know you didn't, a Mr. Daryl Jones did.”

“I got to see this boy Daryl.” Replied Destiny.

“Fuck that, lets pop this muthafucker open.” Gwen said, excitedly.

“Let's make a toast.” Meesa Said.

“Aight.” They all answered.

“To friendship and having a good time.” Meesa toasted.

“Cheers.” They said, as they all clinked glasses.

Meesa didn't drink much, so the one glass of champagne went straight to her head. They all rocked and bobbed their heads to the music, as Daryl and his friends approached.

“So, I see you all like Cristal. The bottles almost gone.” He spoke while eyeing Meesa.

“Yeah we do.” Answered Destiny, liking him immediately. Meesa saw him checking her out, but ignored him, he wasn't her type. Daryl sensed it and didn't like it at all.

“I've never seen you here before.” Destiny spoke. Snapping him out of his trance, Destiny got his attention.

“And who are you? I'm Destiny, you must be Daryl?” She said with a smile.

“Yeah I'm Daryl. These are my homies, TJ, Kevin, and my little homey Lil Howard. Say what's up boy.”

“Hi-hi-hi-hi, my na-na-na-name is Lil Howard.” He stuttered shyly.

“Get the fuck out of here with your stuttering ass.” Daryl teased. All of Daryl's homies laughed. Destiny felt kind of bad for him.

Lil Howard was used to Daryl clowning him.

“So, do you invite people you don't know to VIP and buy them expensive bottles of champagne at every club you go to?”

“Nah, I was just sure that I was gonna meet someone like you tonight.” Daryl was gaming her and she didn't even realize it. Meesa still held his attention, but Destiny would do for now.

“Like me.” Destiny countered, blushing.

“Yeah, like you, sexy as hell.”

While Destiny and Daryl continued to flirt, Meesa decided she wanted to go to where the real party was. The dance floor was really jumping.

Meesa was glad she decided on wearing the red silk peasant blouse she designed. It cut all the way down to the middle of her breast. She had a nice size chest and was perky, so she got away with wearing shit like that. The low rider jeans from BeBe made Meesa's butt look even bigger than it really was. And Meesa loved it. Kisha her stylist had hooked her hair up the day before, so her shit was tight. She wore her hair just like Halle Berry and many people couldn't pull that off like Meesa did.

Her honey colored skin glowed underneath the neon lights. The flash of lights showed off her hazel green eyes. The Mac lip-gloss she sported made her lips look juicer than usual. Meesa was a lethal weapon and only nineteen. With a badass shape, and a personality to match, she couldn't be touched. And she knew it.

She wasn't all sick looking like those stick figured models on the runway. She was black and liked having meat on her bones. All her curves were in the right places. And niggas couldn't get enough of her voluptuous thighs. Besides her eyes and lips, they were one of her best features.

Walking through the crowd of dudes, one in particular caught Meesa's eyes. She had seen him around the local clubs before.

His name was Latrell Patterson. They called him Black for short. He was a twenty-four year old sexy, chocolate brother, and chocolate that nigga was. She had been eying him for awhile, Meesa loved dark skinned men, especially this one, but she could never get up the nerve to say anything to him. She tried subtle things like walking pass bumping him on accident. Or she would give him her sexiest face, but nothing worked. He acted as if she didn't exist. Black would just look the other way and laugh. The shit was starting to piss Meesa the fuck off.

Tonight would be different though she thought. She was buzzed and had enough confidence, so she walked up on him and asked, “why is it every time I see you, you act like you don't see me?” She knew she had to be a little tipsy because normally she wasn't this forthcoming.

“What are you talking about shorty?” He asked.

“You know what I'm talkin' about. You see me checking you, and you play it off like you don't.”

“Look, I don't know what the fuck you on or what you talking about ma. But you're high and tripping. So next time, approach me like you got some sense. Come on Rick dog, let's go. I ain't got time for this shit.” He said as he walked off.

Meesa had been played and in front of his boy. She couldn't believe he did her like that. Fuck him, she thought as she walked onto the dance floor and started to dance by herself.

Upstairs in VIP, Black and his partna's were sharing a spliff. Sharing was something Black had never adapted too. So he pulled out his own blunt and filled it with his own supply of weed. Leaning on the railing, he saw Meesa dancing by herself on the dance floor. He hated the way he had treated baby girl but he had to. Hoes and Black didn't mix. And he had heard to much foul shit about her and the hoes she hung wit.

Baby girl is fine as hell, he thought to himself, and her body was banging. He could just fuck her and then leave her alone he contemplated. Black quickly put the thought out of his mind. She had been with too many men and he wasn't going to take a chance on getting a STD or AIDS. No matter how fine she was.

“What's up, baby?” A voice said from behind him.

The female voice had her arms wrapped around Black's waist. She rubbed up and down feeling his abs. Turning around, he found sexy ass Brandy standing.

“Shit, what's up with you?”

“I'm trying to see you tonight. I hope you ain't leaving with one of these other bitches.” She replied.

“Nah ma, we can get up tonight. Just meet me outside when this shit let out a'ight.”

“A'ight.” She answered, while kissing him on his lips. All the while, rubbing his dick giving him a sneak peek of what was to come.

After three hours of dancing the night away, the Spotlight was about to close, so Meesa went back upstairs after getting two numbers. Destiny was sitting on Daryl's lap kissing him. Jealousy ran through Meesa. She wished she was somewhere kissing Black's beautiful lips.

“Where in the hell have you been Mee Mee.” Asked Gwen.

“Minding mine.” Answered Meesa, with an attitude.

“What in the hell is your problem?”

“Nothing, I'm just ready to go.” Not wanting to tell her friends she got played by Black.

“Well let's go then, they letting out now.” Replied Tamara.

“Meesa, here are my keys take my car.” Destiny said.

“Lil Howard go and fetch the truck. And hurry up! Put those legs to good use.” Daryl said, throwing the keys.

Trying to catch them, Lil Howard fumbled and dropped them.

“Pick the keys up dumb ass! And go get my car. Damn! That's one clumsy ass lil dude.” He spoke loudly.

“Where are you going?”

“She's going back to my hotel suite with me.” Daryl answered for her. Rolling her eyes, she pulled Destiny by her arms and asked. “Are you sure you want to go to a hotel with him? You don't even know him Dee.”

“Girl, he's cool, I just want to spend some more time with him before he leaves tomorrow.” Said Destiny. Looking at Daryl, she could tell there was something shady about him, but what, she just didn't know. Her friend was happy and she didn't want to cock block, so she let it go.

“Okay.” Replied Destiny, while giving them all hugs goodbye. Walking out, people were pushing and shoving. Brandy just so happened to bump into Meesa. (Only on purpose.)

“Excuse you.” Meesa said, with an attitude.

“My bad.” Replied Brandy, with a smirk on her face.

Meesa knew she had done the shit on purpose. It was no secret they didn't like each other. For some reason, since the first day of junior high, Brandy hated Meesa. Even though she was equally pretty and had style, she was secretly jealous of Meesa. Brandy was never willing to admit it to anyone, especially herself.

Even though Meesa was nice to everyone she met, some girls just didn't like her. Something she just never grew to understand. She decided, at the age of thirteen, that she had to just live her life, and not worry about what others thought of her.

People were always gonna talk about her. And that was something she was just gonna have to except. Meesa hugged her friends and told them she would call tomorrow. She sat in Destiny's 2000 Altima, and waited to spot Destiny.

After a minute or so, she finally saw her getting into a 2001 red Denali truck sitting on twenty-twos'. She had to admit, if the car was Daryl's, the boy was doing the damn thing. As they pulled off, Meesa started up the car, but quickly turned it off again. She spotted Black across the parking lot getting into his 2002 black chromed out Cadillac Escalade, and guess who was in the passenger seat beaming Brandy.

“I can't stand that bitch.” Meesa said aloud. She hated even more that Black was taking her home that night. Not wanting to hate, her heart was still crushed. She really liked Black and didn't understand why he didn't like her back. Frustration filled her. However, she quickly checked herself and willed herself not to trip.

“Girl, pull yourself together, you can have practically any man you want. Fuck him.” She laughed to herself. She was not about to let herself trip off somebody like him. No matter how fine he was.





SHORTY


June 16, 2002, and it was another scorcher. It had to have been hotter than the day before. Meesa slept naked just to keep cool the night before. She couldn't take the heat anymore. So she decided, while she still had Destiny's car, she would go to the local Wal-Mart and buy another air conditioner. It was 9:00 a.m., and a Monday, and Wal-Mart was already packed.

Meesa finally made it through the long line and paid for her new air conditioner. The damn thing was so heavy she had to have one of the guys who worked there help her get it to the car. In front of her building, Meesa was struggling trying to get the heavy air conditioner out of the back seat of the car. Loud bass came bumping up her street. Meesa stood up to look to see if it was somebody she knew. Black, riding in his truck, saw her and was going to keep going, but decided to stop.

Rolling her eyes, Meesa wondered what he was doing out at that time of morning. Quickly she remembered Brandy and the night before. He must have just dropped her off at home she thought to herself. Black parked his car on the other side of the street, and sat for a moment, wondering why he stopped in the first place.

Meesa played it like she didn't even notice him. He knew she did though, smiling to himself, liking her strong will. Meesa was becoming agitated with the air conditioner, not knowing how she was going to get it out of the car. Black had finally stepped out of his truck and was now standing on the opposite side of the Altima.

“You know you can't lift that, so why you tryin?” He questioned.

Finally looking up, Meesa felt the blood run from her head to her toes and back. Black had that effect on her, and he knew it. He stood before her black as night. With his shoulder length locks, almond shaped coal black eyes, perfectly trimmed goatee, athletic build, pearly white teeth, lying beneath his medium sized kissable lips, there stood beauty and all that it was.

“Instead of asking stupid questions, why don't you help me Black?” She responded.

“I don't think you're in the position to be getting smart, Shorty.”

“Look will you help me get this upstairs to my apartment or what.” She asked aggravated. He loved seeing her angry and the way she pouted.

“Yeah I'll help you.”

“Thank you.”

They carried the air conditioner to her apartment on the third floor. Huffing and puffing, she asked him if he'd like something to drink. He said yeah, like she asked a dumb question, being that he'd done most the work. She poured them both a glass of juice since it was still breakfast time.

Black looked around her little apartment liking what he saw. She had taste, and everything in her apartment went together quite well. It was very girlie to him though, too girlie. There were no signs of a man around. Meesa sat next to him and handed him his glass of juice. They sat in silence for a minute or two, not knowing what to say.

“So, you have fun last night?” She finally asked.

“Yeah, it was cool for what it was.” She wondered why he could never give her a straight answer.

“Well, thanks for helping me with the air conditioner.” She said, not knowing what else to say.

“You're welcome Shorty.” He said, while finishing the last of the drink, standing ready to leave.

Meesa stood and walked him to the door. “Thanks again.”

Turning to face her not really wanting to leave but knowing he should, he said, “a'ight Shorty.”

Looking at her for the first time, he really saw how beautiful Meesa was. He never saw anything like her before. She was breathtaking, with no make-up, T-shirt and cut off jogging pants on, she looked good. If she wasn't a rat, he would hop on her, he thought to himself.

“Bye.” Meesa said, as he turned to leave.





Mind Games


Destiny finally came and got her car two days later. Meesa had called and called, worrying herself sick. Come to find out, Destiny went with Daryl to California. Daryl lived in Los Angeles and needed to re up. So he asked Destiny to accompany him back home. Meesa cussed her out dearly for driving her crazy.

Daryl had taken her on a shopping spree to Sak's, Bloomingdale's, and the Bergdorf Goodman store. Destiny had enough clothes and shoes to last her a year. She gave Meesa two of the outfits for caring so much about her short disappearance. Meesa was still mad though, she was going to call the police that very day, if she hadn't show up by then. Destiny told Meesa that Daryl was moving to St. Louis, so that he could set up shop there too, and that he wanted Destiny to move in with him. She also told Meesa that she said yes, and that she thought she was in love with Daryl.

Meesa couldn't believe that the person she was talking to was the same person she was just with three days before. Meesa asked, “Are you in love with him or his money Destiny?”

“Girl, I love them both.” She honestly answered.

Thinking she was crazy, Meesa didn't say anything. She loved seeing her friend happy, and if Daryl made her happy, then so be it.

June 19th, 2002, 12:30 a.m. and Meesa was still awake studying for an exam that she had to take at school the next day.

Meesa attended Flo Valley, a community college in St. Louis. She took summer classes so that she could catch up. Fashion Design was her major. She had planned on, after she received her bachelors that she would go to school out of state. All of the best design schools were out of town. She was already behind in her classes since she had to start school the second semester due to her mother's passing.

It was now 2:00 in the morning, and she was finally climbing into bed, when she heard loud music coming from outside. Normally, she would get up and go to the window to see who it was, but tonight she was too tired. All she wanted to do was curl up underneath her sheets and relax in the cool air.

Outside, parked in front of her building, was Black sitting in his 2002 black Lexus. He had just gotten done shooting craps with the fella's, and smoking weed getting high. Instead of going home like he planned, he wound up in front of Meesa's building. Sitting, he sparked up yet another blunt, wondering what in the hell was he doing sitting in front of her apartment. He sat and smoked the blunt and contemplated going up. Dazed, he got out and walked the flight of stairs that led to 3B.

Meesa was just falling into a deep sleep when she heard a knock at her door. Startled, she jumped up and wondered who was at her door at 2:25 in the morning.

“Meesa, open the door!”

“Who is it? Beating on my Goddamn door at 2 in the morning!” She yelled back.

She eased out of bed and crept to the door, looking out the peephole. Excitement filled her when her eyes saw Black. What the hell was he doing at her apartment in the wee hours of the morning also filled her mind.

He knocked harder the second time, getting impatient. Meesa slowly opened the door. Black didn't know if it was the weed or her, but his dick hardened at the sight of her. She had on a fitted silk-strapped pink nightgown that only met the middle of her thighs, showing every curve God gave her. Dick, stay down, is all he could think.

With her hands on her hips, she asked, “What are you doing here, Black?”

“I don't know, man.” He said mumbling.

The glazed over look in his eyes said it all. He was high. He looked good high though. His already slanted eyes were at half-mast, and he had this sleepy look on his face that made him look vulnerable. She laughed at him and said, “Come on in.”

He walked past her almost stumbling. She led him to her couch and sat him down. Sensing he was tired, she went to the linen closet. Searching her linen closet, she fished him out a comforter and a pillow.

Black stared at her, taking all of her in through his daze. Black liked very much what he saw.

Every gesture she made spoke sexuality. Speak to me, he thought while kicking off his shoes. Laying him back, Meesa placed the cover over him and a pillow under his head. The touch of his locks sent shivers down her spine. There was nothing better than a man with locks. Touching one at a time, she wondered what made him grow them. He was already sleeping, staring at him she laughed. She couldn't believe he was there on her couch snoring. This person, who acted like she was the plague, was actually at her house. He looked cute knocked out on her couch though. She couldn't resist it, she had to kiss him. Starting to lean down, she suddenly felt a rip of fear run through her. What if he wakes up and catches me, she thought. Fuck that, she encouraged herself. She had to, how could she not. Leaning down, she forced every muscle not to move, so she wouldn't make any unwanted noise. Lightly touching his face, she kissed his cheek. It was everything she thought it would be.

His skin tasted like Hershey's chocolate. Meesa crept back into her bedroom and relaxed underneath the covers, with a huge smile spreading across her face. The sound of the alarm clock woke Meesa up. After last night, she had forgotten all about her test. Groggily, she eased herself out of bed.

Walking into the living room, Black was still in a deep sleep. So, she let him sleep while she got dressed for school.

Thank you God for my new air conditioner, Meesa thought. The past couple of nights she had finally gotten a whole night sleep. Waking up from sweating herself to death was now over. After showering and dressing, she looked in the mirror, pleased at what she saw. Being another hot day, she decided on a white Baby Phat tank top, matching Baby Phat mini skirt, and a pair of Christian Dior sandals. Her shoes matched her Christian Dior logo purse.

Her hairstyle was getting old, so she made a mental note to give Kisha a call. A little foundation, eyeliner, lip-gloss, and Meesa was ready.

Black must have heard the clanking of Meesa's three-inch heels, because he immediately jumped up, wondering where he was and where Meesa came from.

“What time is it?”

“It's about 8:10. How did you sleep?” Meesa asked, out of curiosity.

“I must've slept good cause I don't know how I got here.”

“Well, let me refresh your memory. You showed up at my door last night, high as hell. Banging on my door and yelling my name. I'm pretty sure you woke up neighbors. So, instead of me letting you drive home and kill yourself, I let you sleep on my couch.”

“Oh.” Replied Black. Suddenly, slowly he remembered having a urge to see Meesa the night before.

“Why are you so dressed up this early in the morning?” Asked Black groggily.

“Well, for your information, I'm on my way to school. So, it's time for you to bounce.” She answered with her hands on her hips.

She would go to school dressed like a hot girl, he thought to himself. He thought this while staring her up and down. Her legs, tan and silky, said come and touch me. How would they feel wrapped around me?

“What? What are you looking at?” Self-consciously, Meesa asked.

“Look, don't start that smart shit, it's too early in the Goddamn morning.” He demanded.

No he did not, Meesa thought to herself. She had let him sleep his black ass on her couch. That's what you get for being nice, she thought to herself.

“Oh, we gonna have to get this shit straight right now. You are the rudest person I have ever met. Here I am being a great citizen. I barely know you, and I let you sleep in my house, then you have the audacity to be a dick to me in my home. You know what? I should've let your black ass drive home and have an accident.”

Black started cracking up laughing at her. Nobody, but his partna's, joned on his skin color.

“Oh, so you think that shit is funny?” Meesa asked, laughing herself. He looked up at her, loving the way her face glowed.

“Nah, for real ma, thanks for looking out for a nigga.” Disbelief fell over Meesa. Black had actually said something nice to her.

“You're welcome, Black.” She said, with a smile. Black liked seeing her smile. It made her look even prettier than she already was.

“So anyway, put on your shoes so I won't be late.” She said, grabbing her book bag.

“What school do you go to?” Asked Black, already knowing. He had done some background checking on Meesa finding out tidbits here and there.

“I go to Flo Valley.”

“What you studying?”

“Oh, I'm studying fashion design. I might as well make a living at something I love.”

“What time you got to be there?”

“I have to be there at 9:00.”

“How are you getting there”?

“I'm going to catch the metro link.”

“We'll, I can take you and drop you off.” Pigs must be flying, cause Black was being a little too nice for comfort, she thought.

“If you want to.” Meesa answered, trying to play like she didn't care if he took her not. Knowing she did.

When they got to his truck, Meesa waited for Black to come around the car and open her door. He never did, thinking she was crazy. Ain't no way I'm gonna open a door for her trick ass, he thought. I should've known it wouldn't last long, she thought. She rolled her eyes and got inside anyway. Black started pumping R. Kelly and Jay Z's “Best of Both Worlds”.

The CD just so happened to be one of Meesa's favorites. She sang along, bobbing her head to the beat. Black looked at her out of the corner of his almond eyes. So she has taste in music too, he said out loud to himself.

Hearing him, she asked, “What did you say?”

“Nothing.” He answered, looking straight at the road. She hated when he did shit like that. He was so complicated and only with her. Meesa reached for the volume button and turned the volume down.

“What the fuck are you doing?” He asked angrily. Meesa sat with her arms tucked underneath her breast. Pissed, that she didn't understand him.

“Black, let me ask you a question. Why is it one minute we can be getting along, and the next, you're biting my head off?”

Ignoring her, he didn't answer. But Meesa kept persisting. Tired of him and his attitude towards her, she probed again.

“For real, Black, it's a simple question. Until a couple of days ago, we had never said a word to each other. And when I finally did say something to you, you acted all funny style in front of all your friends.”

“So that's it? You're mad because you got played? Laughing, he asked, “What did you expect for me to do?”

“What do you mean what did I expect you to do?”

“Exactly what I said.” Replied Black. “I don't want to hurt your feelings, but man, Meesa you know good and well how you and ya partna's get down.”

“What in the hell are you talking about Black? How do me and my friends get down?” Asked Meesa, mad.

Oh, so she gonna play dumb, he thought.

“How can I put this so I don't hurt your feelings? Let's see, for starters, you and ya friends are some paper chasing freaks.”

Meesa's eyes bucked, not believing what she had just heard him say. She couldn't believe he had just come to her like that with a bunch of bullshit. Nearing her school, Meesa was so ready to get out his funky truck.

Pulling up to the curb Meesa shot back. “Before you make stupid ass assumptions about people, you need to learn all the facts!” She slammed the door and angrily stomped to class.

Black didn't mean to be cruel to her, but facts were facts. Too many niggas had said that Meesa and her friends were freaks. Black knew not to believe all rumors, but after you hear something so many times, the shit had to be true. Despite the fact that he liked Meesa, no hoes were aloud around him. He had too much shit going on for him to have some chicken head come and fuck it up. Black was a drug trafficker. He took kilos of cocaine and dropped them off to their respective buyers. He didn't plan to make the shit a career, but the money was too good to quit. He had acquired three cars, a house, and money to save and blow. The police had been watching a nigga hard lately, and Black knew he couldn't take any chances.

Black was twenty-four and had been locked up once for possession of narcotics and a firearm. He served eight months, eight of the hardest months of his life. Dudes would try to check Black, thinking he would be soft. But them niggas had him fucked up. They slept on him just cause of his looks. He had to put it down on a couple of cats in the pen. He made his point clear, he wasn't to be fucked wit when he shanked this one dude.

The dude thought, just because he was bigger and buffer than Black, he could punk him. He came up to Black in the commissary and told Black to get up out of his seat. Black ignored him, thinking the cat would back off. But the dude had to be big and bad. So, when Black didn't get up, he stole Black in the back of his head. Black knew that this would be one dude he couldn't whoop, so he had one choice and one choice only. Knowing the cat was going to whoop his ass, he knew what he had to do. Shank that nigga, cause he knew it was him or the dude. He stabbed him in his stomach and punctured his liver. The officers didn't find the fork Black used. But they did find a fork and a knife on the big dude. Black had to be put in the hole for a total of three weeks. He wasn't charged with anymore time to his sentence because it was self-defense.

After that, the fella's respected him and didn't fuck with him.

But Black didn't give a fuck what niggas thought of him. He didn't fuck with none of them anyway.

Black stayed in his cell and read. Black loved books so he read a lot of books by black authors. He read Terry McMillan, Omar Tyree, and Sister Souljah. After eight months, he was let out on good behavior. When he was released, Black started getting back on the grind. He couldn't leave the life alone. Money came too fast and great. Black promised himself he would stop once he saved enough money, which was growing and growing each day.

The game was getting deep and Black couldn't afford any distractions, especially not any from Meesa's ass. But something about her drew him to her.

The way she approached him at the club the other night was a turnoff to him. Black didn't allow anybody to walk up on him that way questioning him. So that was the first strike against her. The second being she was a stack chaser and a hoe. He didn't understand how she could be so pretty and act that way. Suddenly, a thought crossed his mind. Meesa didn't try anything with him the night before. Considering he was high and tripping she could have.

Hoes know dudes are always horny as hell when they're high. But mommy hadn't tried anything. He knew she wanted him.

So why didn't she try and fuck him, he thought.





Understanding


June 24th, 2002 and Black's words were still lingering in Meesa's head. Now the stuff about her and her friends being paper chasers was true. But not true for Meesa anymore. She had stopped using men for money a few years back. Dudes still offered to buy her things, and sometimes she would oblige, but not all the time. A lot of dudes around the way got mad when they saw that Meesa really wasn't interested in them personally. So they started spreading rumors that she gave it up for money.

The real deal was they were suckers and were mad that they got played. Meesa had never been loose, but some of her friends had and still were. So, that put a brand on her as well. She hated what people said about her so much, that that was the reason she stopped using guys for their dough. It made Meesa laugh, because the same niggas talking shit about her were the same cats all up in her face. Meesa was nineteen and making it on her own. Okay, Meesa was not really making it on her own. Meesa's mother passed away when Meesa was seventeen, and she left all of her belongings to her one and only child.

Miss Anne is what people called her. She died of breast cancer, she suffered for over three years. And one day while lying in bed next to her daughter, Miss Anne sincerely told Meesa, “Baby girl, you have to depend on you and only you.”

Those words were forever imbedded in Meesa's mind. So, she sold her mom's house and collected that, and the insurance money her mother left her.

One of Miss Anne's closest friends cosigned for an apartment. She found herself a moderately sized, but affordable, apartment in a nice area. She set it up with all of her mother's furniture that could fit in her quaint apartment, paying the first and last months rent and the security deposit. Meesa found a storage space for the rest of her mother's things. Promising herself, once she got her degree and bought herself a house, she would put all her mother's belongings in it.

After all that, Meesa had $74,780 left in her savings account. She only touched her savings for groceries, rent, and utilities. From the beginning, it had always been her and her mother. Before being diagnosed with cancer, Miss Anne worked as a teller at a bank. As a teller, she made a pretty decent amount of money. She bought any and everything Meesa wanted, within reason. But when Meesa started to blossom during her teenage years, she lost control. Noticing how men took to her body and the way her hips swayed when she walked, Meesa used her powers to drain men of their money. Miss Anne tried to tell her daughter that the life she was leading was wrong, but Meesa figured, if I have it why not use it.

She didn't fully understanding Miss Anne's words until she succumbed to breast cancer. Knowing it would just be her now, Meesa decided to make a change.

Every time a man she knew she could trick approached her, she remembered her mother's words. Meesa never knew her father, so that left a huge scar on her heart. Sometimes she wondered how he looked and what it would've been like to know him. But anger quickly replaced those thoughts.

In a psychology seminar, she learned that a lot of women use men as a replacement for the fathers they never had, quickly she figured out the connection for her using men for money. Meesa saw that she was, in a weird way, using men to pay her father back for not being there for her.

Tired of strolling down memory lane, Meesa decided to call Destiny. The phone rang and on the fourth ring she got a “Hello.”

“What's been up with you girl, I haven't talked to you in a couple of days?”

“Living it up, that's what I've been doing. Daryl has been spoiling me with so much stuff girl, I don't know how to act.”

“I see that.” Answered Meesa.

“Have you talked to Gwen and them?” Asked Destiny.

“No, not for a couple of days. Well hold on I'm going to call her on three way.”

“Hello.”

“What's up hoe?”

“Who is this?”

“Girl you know who in the hell this is,” Meesa answered.

“Oh what's up, who else is on the phone?”

“Destiny”

“Hey hoe where in the hell have you been?”

“Like I told Mee Mee, living it up.”

“Daryl got your ass sprung, huh?” Asked Gwen.

“Girl, you just don't know, he be whipping it on a sista.”

“Ooh, let's call Kelly, Tamara, and Nikki.” Requested Meesa. After three phone calls, everybody was on the line laughing and talking catching up on shit they had missed.

“So, what ya'll doing tonight.” Questioned Nikki.

“Ooh, lets go out tonight?” Meesa asked excitedly.

“You always want to go out Meesa, so you can run into Black ass.” Joked Nikki.

“Forget you hoe, ya'll want to go out or not?” Questioned Meesa.

“Yeah, let's go.” Said Tamara.

“Let's all met up at up The Spotlight at 11:00.” Replied Destiny.

“Who is going to pick me up?” Asked Meesa. “I will.” Replied Gwen.

“All that money you got, you need to go and buy ya ass a car.” Said Destiny.

“Fuck you hoe.” Shot back Meesa playfully.

They all said their goodbyes and each got ready for a fantastic night out with the girls.

The Spotlight was packed as usual. Niggas were every which way you turned. All of the girls were dressed to kill. Meesa decided on wearing the black Gucci tube dress that Destiny had given her from the shopping spree on Daryl.

It was spandex so every nick and cranny on her body was explored. She accessorized with diamond stud earrings, silver heart necklace, silver bangle bracelets, and silver strapped high heels with rhinestones across the toe strap. Meesa looked like a million bucks. The little makeup she wore made her look angelic. Kisha, her hair stylist, had tried something new on her that turned out to be really cute. She had spike curls and flip curls mixed together. It gave Meesa a spunky edgier look. The music was pumping and Meesa's body swayed to the beat. She and the girls hit the dance floor with a purpose. They let everyone know that they were in the house, and taking no shorts. Starting to get hot after four straight dance tracks Meesa and Nikki walked to the restroom.

They freshened up, and on the way out, Meesa noticed she had left her lip-gloss on the counter.

She walked back alone only to see Black and his boy Rick standing against the wall talking business. Meesa tried to walk by him hoping he didn't notice her for the first time. But, of course, he did cause Rick with his big mouth, had to say what's up. Meesa walked by and only gave a wave. Black played like she didn't even exist, but the dress she had on made it hard for him. Her already thick hips were saying hello to him silently.

In the restroom, Meesa fanned herself with her purse. Even though she was still mad at Black for the comment he made about her, she couldn't help but still be attracted to him. He was most definitely out to prove something. The boy had all his dreadlocks hanging down surrounding his beautiful face.

On his body lay a blue & white Phatfarm shirt open to show the matching Phatfarm T-shirt he had on under it. On his legs was a pair of indigo Phatfarm shorts, and a pair of new white on white Nike Air Force Ones. The man was absolutely gorgeous, he was almost God-like. The muscles in his arms and legs were visibly being shown. Black possessed power. It exuded out of him.

Five minutes passed and Meesa was still perched up against the wall fanning herself. Knowing she had to come out sooner or later, Black stayed glued to the same spot, hoping to get a glimpse of her walking by. Meesa finally got a hold of herself and walked confidently out of the restroom. Black was in the corner of her eye. She knew that he was looking at her, but she kept on walking.

Meesa found Destiny and Daryl on the dance floor slow dancing to Jill Scott. So she tapped Daryl on the back and asked if she could cut in. Daryl turned around grinning, but the smile quickly faded when he saw Meesa and what she had on. He pushed Destiny off of him almost making her fall.

Disgusted with her, he walked away. Destiny and Meesa stood in shock.

“What is his problem?” Asked Meesa.

“Girl, I don't know, he been tripping since we got here. He saw me talking to John from high school, and thought I was flirting with him.”

“Well, I'm sure as hell not John and for damn sure don't look like no man, so he's tripping.” Meesa jokingly suggested.

“Let me go and find him, I'll be back.” Replied Destiny.

Across the floor, Black had saw everything that had went down, and kind of felt sorry for Meesa's partna. He had also seen a couple of dudes try and holla at Meesa. But Meesa turned down each advance. Now Black was starting to get confused, because two out of the three dudes that tried to holla at Meesa were baller's. Maybe the rumors about her weren't true.

Gwen, Kelly, Nikki, Tamara, and Meesa partied the night away. The night was almost over and nobody had seen Destiny since the incident.

Each of the girls looked all over for her, no one found her. Walking out the club, they heard people shouting. One of the voices were familiar, it was Destiny's. Meesa and the girls pushed their way past the others and hurried to see what was happening.

They found Destiny crying and screaming at the top of her lungs at Daryl. Gwen, being the fearless one in the group, quickly asked, “what in the fuck is going on, Dee?”

Not answering, she just kept on saying, “Daryl I'm sorry, I'm sorry.” Crying and pleading, making a fool out of herself. Standing in shock, Meesa looked at her friend as if through rose colored glasses. This was not the same girl she knew. Who was this imposter, because this was not Destiny Richards?

Meesa was embarrassed, people had started crowding around looking at the spectacle that was occurring. Nikki finally did what most of them wanted to do, but couldn't do, she grabbed Destiny and tried to calm her down. But Daryl interjected and told her to mind her own business.

Having enough, Meesa finally asked softly, “Dee what's wrong?” All the while stroking her hand. “What's wrong is your ass, why in the fuck do you got on something that I bought for her ass?”

“I told you, I let her have the damn dress because she worried sick while I was out with your ass!” Yelled Destiny. “Bitch, I'll slap the shit out you, don't you ever talk shit back to me. You ain't nothing but a inconsiderate bitch! I already told you, I didn't want you hanging around these scandalous ass bitches! They don't care shit about you!” Daryl demanded.

“Now look, hold on Daryl, all that shit ain't even called for!” Meesa shouted back.

“Bitch, you need to stay the fuck out of our business and get some of your own!”

“Who in the fuck are you calling a bitch?” Asked Gwen.

“Stop, ya'll stop it, ya'll only going to make things worse!” Hollered Destiny.

“Fuck him girl, he sitting up here disrespecting you and us!” Said Nikki.

“Fuck this shit, come on Destiny we can finish this shit at home!” Daryl demanded, yanking her arm. Not knowing if she should choose her friends or Daryl, Destiny stood still, and too long for Daryl because, before they knew it, he punched her dead in her face.

Everybody in the crowd gasped, niggas and bitches. Destiny just cried even harder and held her eye. It wasn't the dress Daryl was mad about, it was the fact that Meesa didn't want him. She saw in him what no one else could, and he hated the fact she didn't want him. Taking off her shoes, Gwen got ready to go heads up with Daryl. Gwen had fought plenty of dudes growing up, so a nigga didn't scare her.

Holding her back, Meesa just wanted the whole horrible scene to be over.

“Daryl.” She said patiently. “You need to just chill the fuck out. If me having on this dress is causing all of this commotion, then I will give Destiny the dress back tomorrow.”

“You think I want you to give her that dress back, bitch please, she shouldn't have given it to you in the first place.” Fed up, Meesa went to say she wasn't going to be anymore of his bitches, but she was cut off by the sound of Black's voice coming through the crowd of spectators.

“Aye man, you need to chill out and go on home. You drunk man and you don't know what you're saying right now, so chill out and go on home.” Black said, meaning every word.

“Who in the fuck are you, nigga.” Daryl stepped up.

“I'm Black. I mean if you want a formal meeting, we can make that possible.” Black pulled up his shirt to reveal his pistol. Daryl looked Black up and down and stepped back since he wasn't strapped.

“Fuck you nigga and that bitch. This shit ain't over nigga.” Yelled Daryl walking away.

“Daryl.” Yelled Destiny. She wanted him to come back. The crowd started to disperse since the scene was over.

Tamara was trying to calm Destiny down while Gwen put back on her heels.

“Are you going to be okay Dee, because I got to go pick up Jaden Jr. from my momma's house.” Kelly asked.

“Yeah, I'll be fine.” Destiny answered, sounding sickly. Kelly left and the rest of the girls stayed and tried to console Destiny.

The punch that Daryl gave her to her eye was already starting to swell. The beautiful Tyra Banks look alike looked like she had stared in Rocky 3.

Meesa began to cry too feeling sorry for her friend.

“I'm so sorry Dee.” She said.

“Don't be Mee Mee, I'll be okay.”

“Thanks ya'll, but I need to get out of here.” Destiny said anxiously. She walked away hurriedly, not giving them a chance to say goodbye. Nikki shook her head, saddened by her friend and hugged the girls goodbye.

Black was still at the scene sitting in his Escalade. Gwen and Meesa were walking to Gwen's gray Maxima, when Black jumped out of his truck and approached Meesa.

“Ay ya, Shorty, come here?” Meesa turned and found Black standing like the hero he was.

“I'll be right back Gwen.”

“Hurry up, I'm ready to go.” She replied, aggravated still. Approaching Black nothing ran through her body like usual. Meesa was still in a fog over the night's event.

“You alright.” Black asked sincerely.

“Yeah, I'm okay. I'm just worried about Destiny.”

“Are you about to go home?”

“Yes”.

“Well uh, if you want, I'll give you a ride?”

“Aight, I'll be right back. Let me go and tell my friend that I'm going to ride with you.” She put pep in her step and told Gwen she found another way home.

Black still didn't open the car door for her, but for once she didn't care, she had other things on her mind. Black popped in an old Jodeci CD. They both sat in silence and vibed off the slow music. Half way through the ride, Meesa finally turned and faced Black.

Remembering what happened the last time she was in his car, she tried to look into his soul, wondering why he thought what he thought about her. Black knew what she was thinking even without her voicing it. So, he turned to her and smiled, looking serious at the same time. A smiled crossed Meesa's face, she hated the effect he had on her. The littlest thing he did made her happy. She just hated he didn't feel her the same way. Remembering Destiny, her face reentered Meesa's mind. She let out a desperate sigh.

How could things have been so fucked up for her? Meesa didn't like Daryl from the moment they met, not really knowing why. But tonight, she sure figured out why. The nigga was loony as hell. Looking down at the infamous dress, she still was in shock.

“All of this over you.” She said aloud.

“What did you say?” Black asked.

“I just can't believe Daryl dogged my girl like that in front everybody over a dress.”

“Man, I don't know what to say about that dude.” Perplexed, Black continued, I do know your friend needs to leave that nigga alone though because he's crazy.” Black said thinking back to how his father used to beat on his own mother.

Black didn't remember when it all started. But, by the time he was old enough to understand, he was used to it. Anything his mother would do, if his father didn't like it, she would get beat. If dinner wasn't ready and on the table, she would get beat. If the house wasn't dust free, she would get beat. If Black cried and his mother couldn't quiet him down, she would get beat. Almost everyday his mother had a different bruise on her body. Normally, he would hit her in places that she could hide with clothes, so no one could tell that his father beat her. Then he started drinking, and he didn't give a fuck. One time he beat his mother so bad she had to go to the hospital. He had broken one of her ribs, blacked both of her eyes, and busted her nose.

After that incident, the authorities took Black out of the home, saying he wasn't in a stable environment. The state was going to put him in foster care until his grandmother stepped up to the plate. He thanked God everyday for that blessing. Black had already made a promise to himself that, when he was old enough, he would buy a gun and kill his father. Black begged his mother to leave too, but instead, she opted to stay. She told Black she loved his father and that she made a promise to God to stick through for better or worse.

Sadly enough things never got better. The last fight Black's mother and father had led to someone dying.

At the funeral, Black never shed one tear, his heart had already turned cold. He hated his mother for not leaving. And so he sat and stared at the coffin hoping that, at least, now his mother was finally at peace. Black's father stabbed his mother thirty-two times. That time he succeeded in destroying the women he so-called loved.

That mark in Black's life made him look at women different. He vowed that he would never love any woman, scared that he would follow in his father's footsteps. Fearful he may end up with the negative trait of abuse. Also making him hate women who couldn't stand on their own. Weak, fragile, insecure, immature, dumb, gold diggings, hoes, were not for him. And the incident that night dredged up too many suppressed feelings in Black. Being able to stick up for someone who couldn't, made Black's heart loosen a bit.

Stopping in front of the apartment building, Meesa considered asking Black to come up. But thought against it, rethinking the words he uttered to her.

“Well, thanks Black for the ride.”

“You welcome Shorty. You mind if I come up and use your bathroom?” Black asked, not wanting the night to be over.

“Sure.” Meesa said, glad that he wasn't leaving yet.

Meesa escorted Black up to her apartment. While Black took a piss, Meesa hurriedly sprayed perfume on her body and checked her hair and makeup. By the time he got out of the bathroom, Meesa was seated in her love seat, as if she had been sitting there the entire time.

“Would you like a glass of wine?” Meesa asked, nervously.

“Yeah, what you got?”

“Um, I have a bottle of White Zinfandel.”

“Yeah, go and pop that shit open.” Knowing she shouldn't be drinking, Meesa poured two glasses of wine.

She hoped she didn't get drunk instantly and make a fool out of herself. Handing him his drink, Meesa sat back on the love seat across from him. Immediately feeling a buzz, Meesa's body tingled. Feeling sexual, she realized she hadn't had any in four months. Black, on the other hand wanted another glass, not feeling a thing. One glass didn't do a damn thing to him.

After three more glasses, he finally was at a place of peace.

Eyeing Meesa's silky legs crossed, he licked his lips. She had the prettiest legs in the world to him. Feeling him staring she uncrossed her legs giving him a sneak peek.

Black's eyes widened, loving every minute he spent with her.

“Come here.” He asked. Meesa, sat still not knowing if she should go. Thinking of what he said to her, and knowing if she went, where it would lead. But she knew she had to. she had to go to him, her heart commanded her to. “Come over here.” He said again.

Pulling down her dress as she stood up, she gave him her sexiest walk.

It paid off, because as soon as she approached the couch, he grabbed her. Pulling her on top of him, he did something he had been dying to do. He kissed her slowly, making sure she understood the effect she had on him. Meesa felt it all right. She was in absolute heaven. Meesa saw the clouds, the sun, and the moon. Trying to take control of the situation, she lifted her head up releasing herself from the kiss. She licked her lips savoring his taste and pushed him down. Straddling her legs on each side of him, she leaned back down and kissed his eyes.

No women had ever done that to him, so Black was surprised. After his eyes, she made her way to his nose, cheeks, ears, and then finally back to his lips. Black knew that this was more than foreplay. They explored each other's mouths, sucking and licking each other's lips. Sliding his hands up and down Meesa's back, she arched her back, loving the way his hands felt on her bare skin. Black knew it was time for him to retake control. So he sat up and lifted himself and her up.

Carrying her to the bedroom, he laid her down, then he walked out of the room. He left Meesa wondering if he had played her again. The thought passed when he re-entered the room with a lighter. He began to light each of the six candles she had placed around her room.

Black was setting the scene for seduction. Not knowing the feeling he had inside, he kept up the momentum, and crawled onto the bed with her. Black unbuckled her stilettos, which revealed ten perfectly pedicured toes. He then ran his fingers up to the top of her dress, peeling back the material to show her breast. He pulled the dress down around her ankles. She kicked it off, kicking it across the room.

She wore a black lace front thong to go with the dress she no longer had on. Black gently took her thongs off, leaving her buck-naked. He got off the bed to get a better view of her. She was absolutely beautiful. The light from the candles in the room flickered all over her body. Her body glistened in the light. Meesa bit her bottom lip, wondering what he was thinking. Black let his first shirt slide down his arms and pulled the other over his head. Meesa was breathless. The muscles he had were beautifully carved out.

His chocolate skin looked good enough to eat. She wanted to taste him. She imagined what he felt and tasted like. Black was down to his boxers and he decided to keep them on, as he wanted her to take them off of him. Back in the bed, he began to kiss her legs, leading to her inner being. Black tantalized her insides with his tongue. Meesa moaned from pleasure. He was taking her places she had never been before. Basking in the moment, she screamed nearing an orgasm. She begged him to stop, not wanting to cum yet. He obliged and lifted his head up and licked her stomach. Circling his tongue all around, he traced his tongue along each of her nipples, biting and sucking them at the same time. Meesa loved it, it was everything she hoped it would be. She pinched herself to make sure she wasn't dreaming.

No, it's really happening, she thought to herself. Not being able to take any more, she pleaded, “Black please put it in.”

“Are you sure?” Wanting her to beg.

“Yes I'm sure, please, please, please.” She whined.

“Take my boxers off for me.” He asked. Releasing the tool meant to bring her joy, she touched him. In her hand she held a long black instrument. She led him to her open field of sin. As he entered her, she relaxed herself wanting to feel everything. In the beginning, it hurt a little, being Black's dick was so big. But she got in the groove quickly. He stroked her slowly at first, then he began to speed up.

“How fast do you want it?”

“As fast as you can go.” She countered. They locked eyes wondering, why they hadn't done this before.

“Black I need you.” Pleaded Meesa.

“How bad do you need me?

“Bad, Black, Bad.”

“Do you want me?”

“Yes!” She screamed, as he stroked her harder.

Crying out from gratification, she moaned his name. Am I saying his name out loud she thought? It felt only too natural. Coming, Black stopped to watch her. As her body spasmed it made him want to please her even more.

“Oh God!” Meesa yelled. Starting up again, Black slowed down relishing the feeling her body gave him. The moans came more and more, letting Black know he was putting his thang down. Coming alive at every touch she gave him, Black knew that this was more than sex. This was making love. But how could he love her he thought. Feeling himself cuming, he licked her swollen breast.

Meesa then un-wrapped her arms from being around his back and replaced her breast with her finger. Wanting him to suck them badly, he did too.

Releasing the demon, he came inside her. While his body spasmed, she held him loving the way he seemed to need her.

Caressing his locks she held him like a baby. Enjoying lying in between her breast, Black closed his eyes, hoping time wouldn't pass too fast. Meesa lay looking up at the ceiling, contemplating what would happen next. Would Black get up and leave and never talk to her again? Or would he stay the night and they begin to get to know each other. She knew that they should have gotten to know each other first, but Black was the one.

Black lay wondering if he had made the right decision to sleep with Meesa. She had a powerful being about her that made him want her. The thoughts in their heads were quickly replaced with dreams.





Getting To Know You


June 25th, 2002 and Black was awakened from the sounds of a car alarm. Jumping out of bed to check on his truck, there it was sitting safe and sound. Black thanked God and turned to face Meesa, who was, by the way, knocked out. Black quietly climbed back into bed with her, wondering what God was feeling the day he created her.

Beautiful was not the word to describe her. She lay on her stomach with her face facing him. The covers lay on her waist revealing her caramel colored back. She reminded him of an angel. The sunlight outside the window shone on her. Black knew he was falling for her. Hell, he already had fallen and couldn't get up. He had to have strong feelings for her he went up in her raw. Thinking about all the things he heard about her made him tense.

Fuck what others say, I'm my own man, he thought to himself. She wasn't that way with him, so fuck them. If Meesa was a hoe than he would soon find out, sooner or later.

Meesa opened her eyes slightly to see if it was all a dream, thanking God when she saw Black's face.

“Good morning.”

“Hi.” Meesa whispered. Hoping her breath didn't stink.

“Excuse me.” She said while getting out the bed. Looking at her body in the daylight, it still looked perfect to him. Meesa brushed her teeth and returned to the bedroom. Getting a T-shirt from her drawer, she threw it on over her head, being her hair was slightly messed up. It wasn't horrible looking, Meesa still had it going on.

Turning to look at Black, he was stark naked, with his dick standing straight up in the air. Letting her know he wanted seconds.

After round two, they lay staring at each other. Black was like an African king to her. His high cheekbones and almond shaped eyes defined him. No words could describe his being. He was too overwhelming to describe. She had to shake her head at his beauty.

“So what now?” She asked.

“I don't know, ma.”

Disappointment showed on her face.

“Look, last night was the bomb, and it kind of caught a nigga off guard. But I want you to know that I'm not just going to hit it and run. I like you shorty and I want to get to know you better.”

“Me too, Black. I want to get inside that brain of yours.” She replied, poking him in the forehead.

He had revealed a side of himself that she had never seen before last night, and Meesa wanted more, a lot more. Over the course of a couple of weeks, Meesa and Black spent almost every day together. On the days she had classes, he would take her and pick her up. They took walks with each other in the park. Black hated doing corny shit like that, but it made Meesa happy, so he went along with it. He stayed at her place every night. They told each other their past. Finding out that both of their mothers were dead, drew them closer together. Meesa was caught in the rapture that Black gave her. She loved being in his presence. Learning more about him each day was her job. His likes, dislikes, favorite foods, and places he liked to go.

Two weeks into the friendship, they got around to the rumors that had been placed on her. Meesa explained that she did use to use men for their money, but that she had stopped doing those things years ago. She also let it be known that she wasn't a freak. Black believed her after she told him her side of the story. Letting his guard down, he asked Meesa to be his. Joy filled Meesa knowing that Black wanted her to be his woman.

Meesa loved taking care of Black. Between classes, she cooked meals for him, gave him back rubs, and read to him at night. They had so much in common it was kind of scary. Both enjoying the same music, television shows, foods, games, and books. The only thing they didn't have in common was the fact that Black sold drugs.

It worried Meesa sick. She constantly feared he would be hurt or killed. Repeatedly, he assured her that nothing was going to happen to him, but she still worried. He tried to explain to her that he would be extra careful. He did tell her though that, in the business he was in, there was some shady niggas. That led Black to do some shady shit too. But what he didn't tell her was that he needed room to be who he was too. The relationship thang was all new to him. And he didn't want to let go of his prior life. Sometimes, Black would tell her that he was taking care of business so he could go and see his other females. Even though he cared for Meesa, he didn't know if he was in love with her. Meesa loved Black from the day she laid eyes on him, but she was afraid to let her feelings show. Not knowing how he would take the news scared her. She knew other females were trying to see him, and she kind of figured he still got down with other chicks. But she didn't have enough evidence to prove it, so she sat back and peeped the scene.

Over a month had passed, and things between Meesa and Black had already started to change. Sometimes when she paged him, her calls weren't returned, or he would say he would come by and see her, but didn't. Not knowing what to do, she stayed with him anyway. Meesa hoped that things would change, but they only got worse, of course. School was no longer a top priority, Black was. Black felt like he was being smothered. He dug Meesa, but he wasn't into that entire husband and wife shit. He felt like Meesa was starting to play house, and he had no time for that. He was young and needed to be free to roam. Meesa expected him to tell her his every move. It was always, where you going, who you wit, when you going to be back, come see me, or some other bullshit. The shit was getting boring. Meesa wasn't a freak, she was homebody. Whatever Meesa wanted, Black wasn't giving it to her.

One rainy night, Meesa sat alone in her apartment and pondered over their relationship. The shit he was doing was becoming old real quick. If he didn't want her, some other nigga did. Needing to get everything off her chest, she two-wayed him. Twenty minutes passed and still no call. Feeling crazed, she paged him over and over again, hoping he would get the message, but the shit didn't work, he still wouldn't call her back.

Black was at the Days Inn fucking Brandy's back out. Hearing his Motorola Two-Way pager buzzing, he continued on.

After paging him didn't work, she then decided on calling his phone, knowing he would hear it. Black had one of those cell phones that when it rang, it said “Incoming Call”. Ten rings later and still nothing. Brandy and Black lay next to each other smoking herb.

Figuring it was Meesa, he didn't answer. He didn't know how tell her things were becoming too serious for his comfort. Black felt that things were moving too fast. Relationships scared him more than dying, the constant being together thing was starting to suffocate him, so he dodged her whenever he could. Three and a half hours had passed and Black never returned any of her calls.

Needing something to help deal with the pain, she walked around the corner. The corner store with the bottle of gin was her salvation. The hurt was that deep for Meesa. Solving her problems with liquor wasn't Meesa's thing. But tonight, she needed something more powerful than any human being. Back in the silence of her apartment, she unplugged the phone. Laying in the middle of the living room she slowly drank. Hoping the thoughts she had would disappear. Of course, they didn't, it only made the situation worse. Meesa drank faster, spilling some on herself, she didn't care.

Numbness filled her, she liked this place she thought. The gin had finally taken its effect and Meesa loved it. The hurt and the loneliness she felt was too much for her. Black was the first man she ever loved. It hurt her even more to think that he didn't love her. She was alone and was used to it.

Even after her mother's passing, she still had Destiny. But Destiny was in her own world dealing with Daryl. They hadn't talked in over a month. Meesa called her, but Destiny never called back. Daryl told Destiny that as long as she was his woman, she wasn't allowed to fuck with Meesa. The rest of her friends were off limits as well. Blindly in love, she did what she was told. Daryl took care of her and she loved him for that. She needed him and the attention he gave her. No one had ever taken care of her the way Daryl did. There had been plenty of men who bought her things before, but Destiny had lucked up on the night she met Daryl. The boy was large, and doing the damn thing. He had so much money that he could buy any and everything he wanted, she wanted, and what anybody else wanted too. For the first time, Destiny was living like she always thought she should. Nothing or anyone was going to take that away from her. So, if she had to give up her friends for a slice of the American pie, then so be it.

Meesa had never gotten so drunk before. She lay curled up on the sofa with the bottle of gin. Old tears dried up on her face. She was out like a light.

Figuring he should show his face, Black stopped by the next morning. Knocking on the door he got no answer. Knowing she had to be at home, he used the key she had given him. Opening the door, he saw Meesa lying on the sofa. As soon as he walked in, he knew something was wrong. Meesa barely let anyone sit in her living room. So her sleeping in there signaled troubled. Black walked over to her. Calling out to her did nothing. So he shook her, becoming frightened. A minute or two passed and she finally awakened. Not knowing what was happening, she looked around the room trying to contemplate what happened. Black's voice was echoing in the air. She tried her damnest to focus her eyes on him, but the room was spinning. Meesa placed her hands over her eyes and tried to concentrate. Looking up at him, she kind of felt bad. Black had a real concerned look on his face, but that passed quickly. All the repressed feelings she had came flooding back.

“Meesa, can you hear me! Answer me, can you hear me!” Trying to stand up was a task all in itself. Black helped her up. She still didn't answer. It felt like a ton of bricks were falling on her. Holding her head, she tried to regain composure.

Black stared at her with a confused look on his face. Damn, I should've called her back. What if somebody came in here last night and tried to hurt her. He knew he wouldn't be able to forgive himself he thought. That was until he looked down and saw an empty Seagram's Gin bottle.

Picking it up he asked. “What the fuck is this shit?”

Still not trying to hear him, she walked to the bathroom. Splashing water on her face, she hoped it would help her wake up. It worked. After drying her face with a towel Meesa, looked in the mirror. The person staring back looked a hot mess. Her hair was all over her head. Usually her skin was glowing, but it now looked weak and pale.

Crust was all in her eyes from crying. Normally, she would feel self-conscious about Black seeing her like this but hell, what the fuck, it was over between them anyway.

“So, this is what love does to you?” She asked herself. Not wanting love to win, she mustered all the courage she had. Feeling a little better, she was revived and ready for battle. Still feeling woozy, she paced herself. Slowly she walked back into the living room.

“Answer me Meesa, what are you doing with an empty gin bottle? You don't even drink!” Black yelled, starting up again.

“Are you really sure you want me to answer that?” She asked, trying to burn a hole in his skull with her eyes.

“What in the fuck kind of question is that? I come in to find your ass knocked out cold on the couch! Drunk as hell and you got the nerves to ask me do I want an answer! (Pissed off he threw the bottle of gin at the wall.) Be for real Meesa.” He angrily yelled.

Meesa laughed at his dramatic act. Trying to intimidate her wouldn't work this time.

“Be for real huh? So you want real? Okay then, so where in the hell was your ass last night Black?” She yelled back.

Not wanting to answer, Black sat still and looked around the room trying his damnedest to avoid her eyes. Wondering if he should tell her not.

“What, cat got your tongue nigga? Now you answer that question for me.” Meesa asked, with a smirk on her face.

“Why all of a sudden you can't return my phone calls Black? Let's talk about that! We don't spend any time with each other any more! You stay out all night and then have the audacity to come and see me the next day! You act like nothing is wrong and shit! Nigga, you must think I'm crazy or something! Do I have the word stupid written across my forehead! No, I don't think so! I know that you are out in the streets cheating on me and shit!” Calming down, she spoke calmly and so he would understand. “If you don't want to be with me Black than that is okay. I was cool before I met you, and now I'm cool on you.”

Not knowing what to say or how to feel, he sat in silence. Turning her back on him she went and got a huge garbage bag. Stuffing it with every item he had at her house. Every name brand outfit he had left, shoes, jewelry, and presents he bought her.

Tears streamed down her face as every moment they shared was staring her right in the face. Holding her head down, she tried to conceal the tears that were pouring out of her. She handed Black the bag. Taking it, he still sat and wondered if he should apologize. Black didn't know if he should stay and try and work things out with her. Meesa took the silence as a sign of not caring.

She asked, “Why?”

“Why what?” The asked uncertain.

“If you knew that you didn't want to be with me, why didn't you just come out and tell me Black? I mean, I actually thought that you were different.” Seeing the tears sliding down her beautiful face, Black felt ashamed for the wrong doings that he many times justified.

“Look at what we've become, hell, at what I've become. Last night happened because I love you.” There, she had said it finally. A burden was lifted at that very moment. Black figured she did, but never knew for sure. Now thinking back, how couldn't he have known? She always looked out for him. Always wanting to please him and make him happy.

“I tried to look pass the shit that you were doing Black because I loved you, but I can't do it anymore. I care too much for myself, even if you don't.”

Feeling confident she said, “I'll get over you, it's cool. I just hope that you find whatever you're looking for. Now, will you please get the hell out of my house?” Not wanting to, but knowing he should, Black stood up.

Walking towards the door Meesa stated, “You're leaving your shit.”

“No I'm not, I'll be back.” And he left with those words lingering in the air.

September 19, 2002 and Meesa sat alone in her bed reading, when the phone started to ring.

“Hello?”

“What's up hoe?” Asked the person on the other end.

“Hey Gwen, what's up?

“Guess who else is on the phone?”

Meesa asked, “Who?”

“Nikki and Tamara.”

“Hey girls.”

“What's up Mee Mee?” Tamara asked.

“Shit, bored as hell.”

“Have any of ya'll talked to Dee?” Meesa asked, needing to know.

“No, she hasn't called any of us.” Replied Gwen.

“I don't know what's up with old girl.” Nikki said.

“Well, I hope she's doing okay.” Meesa stated worried.

“I don't even care anymore Mee Mee. She left us for that old trifling ass nigga, so fuck her.” Gwen retorted hurt.

“Don't be like that, Gwen.” Tamara said, being the sensitive one of the group.

“Look, I didn't call ya'll to talk about Destiny, okay. I called you all to ask ya'll if you wanted to get out?”

“Go out where? It's getting late Gwen.” Asked Nikki. “Shit, I don't know where, I just want to go out somewhere.”

“If we put our heads together we can think of something.” Tamara said reassuringly. Silence filled the air as four minds wondered.

“Ooh, let's go skating.” Meesa asked excitedly.

“Okay Meesa, how old are you? Skating, girl is you crazy?” Gwen asked mockingly.

“You right we are too old.” Replied Meesa.

“Well, let's go out to a club, but not The Spotlight.” Meesa said, fearing she would see Black.

“Well, what club would we go to?” Asked Nikki.

“Let's go to Sprull's, tonight it's twenty-five and older, so the crowd should be cool.” Gwen announced.

“Cool, then let's all get dressed and go.” Nikki said.

“Meesa I'll come and pick you up, but you have to get dressed over my house.” Tamara requested.

“Cool T, I'll be ready in twenty minutes.” As they got off the phone, a bad feeling came across Meesa. Something bad was going to happen tonight, but what.

While getting dressed, Meesa confided in Tamara. She had to get her feelings off her chest. Tamara listened, carefully devouring every word Meesa uttered. When all was said and done, Meesa was suffering from a broken heart. Tamara tried to tell her that things would get better in time, but Meesa knew that things wouldn't. She wanted Black in her life. And nobody would ever understand that, not even Tamara. She wished Destiny was around. She always understood Meesa better than the other girls. They always confided in each other, knowing exactly how each other felt. Meesa felt if she didn't have Black, then she had nothing. He was the one for her even if she wasn't the one for him. Nobody knew how much she missed, and needed him.

Weeks had passed and he never once called, still she was wondering what he meant by I'll be back. Meesa cried herself to sleep each night hoping and praying he would come back. When will this end she thought. Never being in love before, she felt like everyday was her last day on earth.

Sprull's was flooded with baller's, but none appealed to Meesa. She tried with everything in her to have fun, but felt nothing. Joy didn't live in her anymore. Being able to bounce back was a trait that Meesa cherished. But it seemed like it went out the door when Black did. Her friends tried everything to make her happy, but nothing worked. Meesa was still healing and needed time. Still ashamed of herself for drowning her sorrows with liquor, Meesa vowed to never drink again, and she meant it.

Sitting at the bar, while her friends partied on the dance floor, Meesa drank a Sprite, trying to see if she saw anybody else she knew. There, in plain sight, was Destiny and Daryl. Destiny looked better than ever on the outside. Her hair was parted down the middle with long sixteen-inch weave extentions. She looked like Pocahontas herself.

Diamond platinum jewelry dawned her ears, neck, and hand. She sported a Dolce and Gabbana blue jean corset top and matching mini skirt. On her feet were D&G sling back heels. “If the girl don't look like a million bucks” Meesa thought to herself. For a moment, she thought their eyes had locked. But Destiny turned her head, so Meesa wasn't quite sure.

Meesa was right, her and Destiny did connect eyes. Destiny had already spotted her, but tried not to make any eye contact. She knew that Daryl would knock the taste out of her mouth. Getting slapped around was nothing new to her. Daryl hit her whenever and wherever, but it was a price she was willing to pay for the life she was living.

Destiny knew that she was the shit. She loved all the attention she got from niggas and hoes. Everything she rocked was cold and everybody knew it. Hoes couldn't fuck with her.

If at first she was a dime, she was now a twenty. Daryl's money was really gassing her head up.

Mee Mee looked good though. Her hair was different. She dyed her tips a honey blonde color that accentuated her already honey colored skin. Over the months, Meesa had let her hair grow out to match Halle's latest style. She now wore it flipped up in the back with soft curls surrounding her face. On her body, she sported a pink lace slip dress that she made herself. It matched a Prada dress she had seen in a boutique Destiny thought. The matching pink Manolo Blahnik's heels made the look. She must be using her savings to buy that gear, Destiny thought. She was always a simple dresser. But with a body like Meesa had, she didn't have to do a lot to get attention.

Even though she played it like she didn't miss her friends, she did. Most of all she missed her and Meesa's closeness. She missed being able to share her secrets with her. Daryl made sure she didn't have any friends. He kept her locked up like a prisoner in his penthouse apartment. The only place she was allowed to go was to the beauty shop, nail parlor, and the mall. Even then, she had to be escorted by one of his workers.

Most of the time, Daryl was either gone or ignoring her. And the only time he spent with Destiny was when he wanted some ass or to show her off. Other than that, she spent her time alone cooped up in the house. Daryl was keeping a watchful eye on Destiny, making sure she didn't make eye contact with anyone. He would whoop her ass in public if he had too. Daryl didn't give a fuck. Hearing that Black might be at the club made Daryl decide to make an appearance. He still hadn't forgotten what that nigga did. Fronting on him in public was a no-no. And payback was a muthafucker for Black.

Two-waying Lil Howard, Daryl said, “Tell them niggas to get ready. I don't want any fuck ups tonight, especially not from you!” Two-waying the other fellas, Lil Howard tried to calm himself down. Lil Howard wiped the sweat from his forehead. He didn't know what he had gotten himself into.

Three years before, he was just a normal teenage boy living in Compton. He had met Daryl one day playing basketball. His tall frame and lanky body stood out in the sea of men. Lil Howard was fourteen and six feet three. Daryl thought that he could use the little dude on the block. And Lil Howard needed the extra dough. He was the oldest of his six other siblings. His mother tried her best to hold them down but money was sparse. They lived in a two-bedroom house on one of the toughest blocks in Compton.

It didn't help much that Lil Howard was tall, frail, and funny looking, with a stuttering problem. He constantly got joned on about his looks and speech problem. His clothes were always too small and short, so when approached with the opportunity to make money, he took it. Daryl tried him out on the block, but quickly took him off, because his first time out he got robbed by a crackhead. After that spectacle, he became Daryl's man servant.

Now sixteen and a little smarter, Lil Howard wanted more for his life. Somehow Daryl had made himself Lil Howard's sick father figure, a crazy and demented father figure he was at that. Lil Howard was in and there was no way out. If he told Daryl he wanted out, Lil Howard would pay for his life one way or another.

Black was walking through security, one of Daryl's workers informed. Black, Rick, Kat, and his partna, Perry, strolled through the club. All eyes were on them and that's what they expected. Black and his partnas always came clean. Black had on a black leather Sean John jacket, a white wife beater, and matching leather SJ pants, and with a pair of black and gray Air Force Ones. He had his dreads pulled up in a ponytail with the rest hanging. On his chest, lay his diamond platinum necklace, with a charm that said “Black” in diamonds.

His name alone on the chain was the size of a dollar. The diamonds in his ears would make any nigga cry. The nigga looked good, damn good.

Black and his boys made it to the back, while Rick went to the bar. Spotting Rick, Meesa quickly turned around on the barstool. She knew that if Rick was there, nine times out of ten, Black was too.

Turning around didn't help because Rick spotted the Chinese symbol for love on the back of her neck. Sneaking up on her he said, “Boo.”

“What's up, Rick,” She said flakily?

“Shit ma, I know you here with your girls, so hook a nigga up.”

“Which one?”

“Um, that chick Tamara.”

“Well, I hope you ain't for no hit it and quit it type shit.” Meesa stated demandingly.

“Nah, nah I kind of dig shorty.”

“Well, I'll tell her.”

“Cool, I'll check you later ma.” He said as he walked away with his drink in hand. Making his way through the club, Rick spotted one of the young cats that worked for Daryl. Knowing he was somewhere around, he quickly made it to the back to warn his boy.

Smoking a blunt laced with the best, Black and his partnas sat in the corner of the club.

“Let me holla at you cuz.” Rick requested.

“What's up?” Black asked, already high.

“Look dude, I saw one of that nigga Daryl's youngsters in here.” Glad he bought the heat inside instead of leaving it Black nodded assuring Rick he knew what was up. He informed the rest of the fellas to be on lookout. After a blunt and a half, Black had had enough.

Upstairs seated at a table, sat Meesa, Tamara, and Nikki. Kelly was sick so she didn't come.

“Yo T, that nigga Rick want to holla at you.” Meesa informed.

“Word, where he at.”

“He's somewhere downstairs.”

“Well, excuse me ladies, I got to go and get my mack on.” Tamara said gleefully.

Glad at least one of her friends was happy, Meesa just sat and pouted. Knowing she would have to see Black, it was just a matter of time before she ran into him, she thought. They hadn't seen each other since that fateful morning. It had been weeks, and Meesa had feared the day that they would meet again.

Watching Tamara approaching, Rick remembered his talk with Meesa. The shit with Black and that punk ass nigga Daryl had Rick shook.

“Ay, I forgot to tell you I saw Meesa sitting at the bar.” Rick said, leaning over to Black's ear.

“Oh?” Was all Black said in return. He kept his feelings about everything close to his heart, especially the ones he had for Meesa. Cats would take that shit for a weakness and Black couldn't be considered weak in the game he was in. Over the weeks, Black replayed the morning they broke up in his mind over and over.

Realizing the minute he stepped out of the door he loved her, Black considered going back, but he never allowed it to happen. He wasn't ready for a commitment and wasn't willing to hurt Meesa anymore than he already had. He tried fucking with other women to get his mind off of her, but nothing worked. Meesa's face always appeared in his mind. At night he dreamt of her. Seeing her pretty face brought a smile to him each night. It was just like that Usher song, he had it bad. Recalling her crying made him feel torn up inside. He never meant to make her cry. It reminded him of his father and the way he treated his mother. He couldn't treat her that way again. So, he kept his distance. Black picked up the phone once or twice to give her a call, but would always chump out and hang up. Meesa deserved better and better for her he was not.

Rick and Tamara kicked back and conversated. Rick had completely forgotten about Daryl and his partnas, he was too into Tamara to remember. Black hadn't forgotten though. He stayed in the same spot the whole night. With a drink in one hand, Black surveyed his surroundings. His other hand lay underneath his shirt itching to pull the trigger.

Upstairs, Daryl had an infrared gloc pointed at Black's chest. He had other cats posted up around the room, waiting for the signal to strike. Destiny sat wondering what was about to go down. Scared out of her mind, and too afraid to ask, she sat and waited. Fearing for her friends, as well, she prayed they wouldn't get in the line of fire.

The next thing she knew bullets were flying. People started screaming and ducking for safety everywhere. Meesa and the girls ducked underneath the table for cover. With a shaky hand, Daryl missed and hit Tamara in the back, dropping her to the floor instantly. Black shot up as soon as he saw the red light on his chest and fired towards where the light began. Tamara had fallen on top of Rick, so he gently pushed her off of him and went up as well, shooting one of Daryl's workers in the leg. Black's other partnas fired too, killing one of Daryl's boys. All of a sudden, Rick felt a burning sensation coming from his chest, he was hit. With death staring him right in the face, Rick slumped down in the seat. Wreathing with pain, he tried to hold on but it was too late. As soon as it began it all ended. Daryl quickly grabbed Destiny and fled the scene. Tamara and Rick both lay dead. Black looked on in disbelief. Rick's eyes were still open, so he gently closed them. Praying that Meesa hadn't been hurt.

“Damn, Tamara too.” He said to himself.

“Damn cuz, Rick dead.” Kat spoke defeated. Feeling like his whole world was falling apart, Black asked God to take care of his friend. Standing up Meesa, Gwen, and Nikki hugged each other, happy they made it through alive. But, quickly remembering someone was missing, they called out for Tamara. After no answer, they ran down the steps to the lower level, hoping they would find her safe and alive. Bumping into people scurrying to get out, they had to step over dead bodies of innocent bystanders. Holding on to each other, they feared the worse, they still couldn't find Tamara. But they did see Black approaching.

“Hold up ya'll, don't go over there.” He said sincerely.

“Why not?” Asked Gwen, still shaking.

“I'm sorry but.”

“But what?” Meesa demanded to know.

“Tamara got hit and she's dead.” Pushing past him, Meesa saw Tamara lying in a pool of blood.

“No!” She screamed. Grabbing her, trying his best to console her, Black shed a tear. Gwen and Nikki stood holding each other crying hysterically. Picking up Tamara's hand and holding it, Meesa asked God to take care of her, hoping and praying that she would one day see her friend again. Blood was all over Meesa's dress and hands, but she didn't care, she was in a different place. Rick lay in the chair next to Tamara. More tears came in puddles to Meesa's eyes.

Whispering in her ear, “I got to go, the po po will be here soon.” Black kissed her cheek and disappeared through the crowd.

Meesa, Gwen, and Nikki stayed and gave their statement to the police. Each knowing not to include the fact they knew Black and his friends were some of the shooters in the shoot out. They watched while the paramedics put Rick and Tamara in body bags, and onto the stretcher, then they were off to the morgue.

They rode home in silence wondering who would tell Tamara's parents. Gwen said she would, knowing that the other girls weren't strong enough to handle it.

Back in the safety of her apartment, Meesa cried and cried asking God why. Hearing a noise outside in her hallway, Meesa became scared. Then she heard loud footsteps coming faster and faster. She thought she had been followed and that whoever killed Tamara was after her. So she raced to the kitchen and got a butcher knife, armed and ready to strike. Grabbing his keys, Black unlocked the door. Walking into the pitch black apartment memories came flooding back.

“Meesa, are you here?” He called out. Switching on the hall light she sighed a sense of relief. Black saw the knife in her hand and saw that she was frightened. Realizing Black still had keys to her house, Meesa sighed with relief.

“Baby give me the knife.” He asked, slowly approaching her. “Everything is going to be okay.”

Trembling she stood frozen stiff. Black placed his hand on hers and pried the knife from her hands. Throwing the knife across the room, he then turned and hugged Meesa with all of his might. Thinking all the way over to her apartment, what if it had been her.

Knowing he would gladly die right beside her if anything like that was to ever happen, Meesa cried the whole night. Black held her all night, not saying a word. His presence let his feelings be known.

Visualizing Daryl's face made Black sick. He knew a war was about to begin, and that nigga Daryl was his target.

By morning, Meesa had finally cried herself to sleep. Black had dozed off too. The startling sound of the alarm clock woke them both up. Knocking the alarm clock on the floor and breaking it, Meesa laid back down. The thoughts of the night before came back, haunting her again.

Tears streamed down her face. Her dog was dead. No more of the sweet, beautiful, thoughtful Tamara. Black lay remembering Rick, one of his true blue friends. The only nigga he totally trusted. His death had to be avenged, and would be, if that was the last thing he did. Black turned and faced Meesa, looking at her beautiful face looking so sad. He hadn't seen her look this hurt since the day they had broken up. He hated she was in pain yet again, on the strength of him.

“Baby, I don't know what to say.”

Meesa looked right into Black eyes and said, “I know you don't Black, because I don't even know myself. Both of our friends are dead.”

The only thing he could say was, “I love you.”

Unsure of what to think she replied, “I love you too, Black. But Black, do you really love me?”

Thinking about how he felt when he thought she could have been hurt made him even surer. “I really do love you Meesa. If anything would have happened to you last night, I would've killed myself just to be with you.” He answered honestly. And Meesa knew that he was telling the truth. He did love her and he would die for her.





Toxic


Black and Meesa got through both funerals feeling like they both needed a change. They stood by each other's side, this time taking care of each other. Both decided they wanted a fresh start with each other.

Black moved her out of her apartment and sold his house, not wanting anyone to know where they stayed. They found themselves a three story $300,000 house in Ladue, Missouri. Black intended to pay for it himself but, once again, Meesa shocked him. The day of the closing on the house, Meesa presented Black with a check for $50,000. Dumbfounded, Black laughed with amazement.

“Where did you get this kind of dough Shorty?”

“I have my own dough Black. I want to help you on the payment for the house, I don't have to, but I want to.”

“Thank you Shorty, but I can't take your money. Your moms left you this. It's yours, keep it”.

“Look, I'm not taking no for an answer, take it.” Smiling, Black hugged her. Black still paid for the house with his on money, taking the dough Meesa gave him and putting it into a safety deposit box he had stashed.

Meesa decorated the house with all of her mothers' furniture, crystal vases, and knick-knacks, like she promised herself after her mother passed, adding only new things where needed. Their house was beautiful inside and out. It had four bedrooms, two living rooms, three bathrooms, a spacious kitchen, a furnished basement, a two-story deck, and pool.

Black conducted most of his business in the extra room they had in the basement. Meesa turned one of the bedrooms into a computer room so that she could study and design.

The master bedroom was so big that it could be two rooms. Meesa decorated it in Black's favorite color, red. One of the living rooms had all black leather furniture, that being Black's room. The other room had Meesa's mother's furniture in it. Flowers lined their walkway that led to two big wooden double doors.

Meesa loved her new home and the man she shared it with. Her life was coming full circle she thought. For once she was truly happy. Black was finally happy too. He gave Meesa any and everything she wanted.

Black was no longer in the drug game. He had finally saved up enough money to go legit. He would never have to want for a damn thing. Meesa was so happy she had her man at home with her. But in the back of her mind, she knew that the peace they both shared would only last so long.

Black was biding his time but he was still out for Daryl's blood. After Tamara's funeral, and him not seeing Destiny there, made him know that it was Daryl. Meesa couldn't understand why, after all the shit that she and Destiny, and the girls had been through, Destiny still didn't even attend Tamara's funeral. Something wasn't right and Meesa knew it.

Not wanting to know the truth, but knowing she should, she asked Black who was behind killing Tamara and Rick. Black didn't want to involve her, but feeling that she should know, he told her. Meesa sat stoned faced staring at the wall. Everything was suddenly becoming clearer, Daryl was trying to kill Black for punking him at the club.

But somehow he missed Black and killed Tamara. Now the only question was did Destiny know what he was up to that fateful night.

December 24th, 2002 and winter was showing itself. Snow was falling heavily from the sky and Meesa sat in front of her big window and gazed. Black was out doing some last minute Christmas shopping for his extended family. Meesa only liked looking at snow, and decided to stay home. And besides, she wasn't feeling all that well. All that week, Meesa had felt queasy and nauseated. But only thinking that she was coming with a cold, she ignored it. Eyeing Black's black Mercedes Benz truck cruising down the street, Meesa leapt off of the couch to great him.

Opening their double doors, Black's hand was filled with bags.

“Baby you need some help?”

“No, you stay in the house, you're sick.” Black demanded.

Making two trips back and forth from the house to the truck, Black finally finished. He had really out done himself this time Meesa thought. Opening a bag to find out the contents, Black slapped her hand.

“Ouch that hurt, kiss it.”

“Come here, Shorty.” Meesa leapt into his arms loving him more than ever. Kissing her hand playing along with her game, Black smiled. He never felt so complete in his life. Meesa completed him and he did the same for her.

“Baby, what all did you buy? Did you hit up every store or what? There has to be over ten bags here.” Meesa asked.

“Yeah I did, you know I had to buy your ass a million things. And I bought things for my grandma, aunts, uncle, and cousins.” Black answered. They had been in their house for over two months and only the girls had been allowed to their house.

After the incident at Sprull's, Black was overly cautious. Persuading Black to let her have a Christmas party took every trick in the book, but he finally let up. But she could only invite her immediate friends being Nikki, Gwen, and Kelly.

Meesa didn't have much family and the little she did have stayed out of town. It had only been her and her mother until she met Destiny and the girls. They became her family, they were like the sisters she never had.

Black invited his immediate family and friends as well, happy that he could finally repay his grandmother for all the things she did for him. He also had planned a surprise for Meesa. Not only were they having a Christmas party, it was also an engagement party. After losing Rick, Black needed Meesa in his life desperately.

So he planned to propose. He knew that Meesa was down for him and would never leave him, but he wanted to make sure. No one had ever been able to get inside his heart like Meesa. All the things he disliked at first about her, like the cooking, cleaning, and always wanting to be up under him, taking care of him, and playing house were things that he now cherished about her. No other hoe could fuck with Meesa in his eyes. She was drop dead gorgeous, smart, classy, thoughtful, caring, and attentive. She took care of him, herself, and their home. He always wanted to protect her and make sure that she was safe and happy.

No one or nothing could tear them apart, or so they thought.

That night Black lay snoring next to Meesa, as usual, but Meesa couldn't sleep. Her symptoms were getting worse and she felt throw up rising in her throat. Quickly running to their bathroom she threw up.

Twice that Christmas Eve night, she had heaved up food that she devoured over the course of the day. Looking at the calendar hanging on the wall, she saw that her period was late.

Always keeping a pregnancy test around in case she ever needed one, she drank a glass of water. Seated on the toilet she waited for pee to come. Fifteen minutes later, Meesa peed on the stick. A minute later, a plus sign appeared. Tears of joy filled her. She was having Black's baby.

Thinking back to when she could have gotten pregnant, Meesa realized she was two months pregnant. When they first moved in their home, Meesa and Black made sure to christen every room in the house. One of those times led to a baby she thought. How would he react to the news was the other question. She knew Black loved her, but would he be happy that she was having his baby. Afraid to tell him she planned on waiting until the perfect time to drop the news. Climbing back into bed, Meesa kissed Black on his cheek and snuggled up close to him, all the while smiling. Meesa rubbed her stomach thinking of the baby to be.

December 25th, 2002 1:00 p.m., and the house was full. Meesa never realized how much family Black had. His grandmother, five uncles with their girlfriends and wives, two aunts, one with her husband, and cousins were all in attendance. She prayed to God she had enough food to feed them all. Hearing the doorbell ring, Meesa yelled for someone to answer it.

Black broke himself away from his Xbox game to answer the door. There standing was Meesa's friends Gwen, Nikki, Kelly, and Kelly's son, Jaden Jr. Black hugged and greeted them all. Feeling that Meesa's friends were now his friends, he scooped Jaden Jr. up and walked back into his living room to continue his game. Ten minutes later, Black's friends Perry, Kat, AJ, and Devon arrived. Meesa loved Black's friends. They all treated her like their little sister.

Black's grandmother, Rose, helped Meesa prepare dinner. Never really getting to know her own grandmother, Meesa was immediately drawn to her. Gwen, Nikki, and Kelly snuck behind Meesa and hugged her. Turning, she hugged them back and almost cried remembering Tamara's face was missing. But she knew that Tamara and Rick were there in spirit. Meesa also prayed the night before that Destiny had a happy and blessed Christmas day.

The girls asked Meesa did she need any help in the kitchen. Meesa said, “No, me and Black's grandmother, Rose, got everything.”

Returning to her cooking duties, Gwen and the girls mingled with Black's friends and family. Looking through the hall into the two adjoining living rooms Meesa cried, so overjoyed that she had her family and friends surrounding her, especially Black and the baby on the way, made her life complete.

The emotional roller coaster that came with pregnancy was already kicking in. Sensing Meesa's tears Rose rubbed her back. “What's the matter child?”

Wiping her face trying not to mess up her makeup Meesa replied, “Nothing Ms. Rose, I'm just so happy. I just love my life so much and I love Black so much.”

Knowing that Black was going to propose, she hugged Meesa. She was so happy that Black had found such a wonderful young women. Black had already asked Rose two weeks prior what she thought. She stated that if Meesa made him happy, then go for it. Not ever meeting her before until now, she was glad that she gave her blessing.

Finished cooking dinner, Meesa untied her apron and went to find Black. Finding him in his living room, she saw him tickling Jaden Jr. and his little cousins. The sight took any doubt about her pregnancy away. The laughter coming from the children filled the air.

Gathering everyone to say grace, everyone held hands, Black said grace. Never hearing Black speak so profoundly about God, surprised Meesa. She knew he believed in God but she didn't know he knew scriptures. When she tried to get him to come to church with her, he always declined. He felt that he didn't have to attend church to believe in God, which was true and Meesa had to agree. Laughing and talking over collard greens, sweet potatoes, dressing, ham, turkey, roast, potato salad, and cornbread, Black looked around the dinner table pleased. He had his woman, friends, and family surrounding him. About thirty people sat in the huge house eating and conversating.

After feasting, they all exchanged gifts. Ooh's and ahh's were all you heard. Meesa had bought all her friends Chanel outfits. In return, they got her a Gucci bag that cost well over two grand. She also got Black over $3,000 worth of clothes, shoes, and accessories. He got Roc-A-Wear, Polo, Fubu, Phatfarm, and more. Meesa also got him a pair of three-karat diamond earrings to go with his new diamond platinum chain. The new one had a huge diamond cross on it, Black loved it.

Meesa bought Rose four different kinds of perfumes, hats, scarves, and a pair of two-karat diamond earrings. Black bought her new furniture, all of which was set to go inside the new house he purchased for her only three blocks away. Ms. Rose was overjoyed, sitting back fanning herself from all things she had received. Next, Black handed his partnas all diamond embezzled Rolex watches. The niggas flipped over their watches, in return giving him an envelope filled with money. Meesa skimmed through it estimating almost a hundred grand. They both bought all of his aunts and uncles gift certificates worth a thousand each. The older kids all got PlayStation 2's, while the smaller ones got saving bonds for a thousand each. Black handed Meesa gift after gift. He bought her Gucci, Prada, Louis Vuitton, and her favorite Christian Dior everything. She had clothes, shoes, purses, bras, panties, socks, and perfume.

Taking her hand he helped her to stand. Standing, he covered her eyes and lead her to the window. Everyone knew what was about to happen, he took his hand away revealing a brand new 2003 white Cadillac Escalade truck. Meesa jumped up and down hugging his neck. Sliding the curtains over to get a better view of her new car, Meesa's eyes welled up again.

“Excuse me everyone, but I have an announcement to make or rather a question to ask. As you all know, Meesa and me have been together for a couple of months now, and we did have our problems at first, but now, we're straight. Even though we haven't been together that long, I know she's my heart. She is my best friend and I want to ask her a question.” No he isn't about to do what I think he's about to do, she thought to herself, while looking into his eyes. Forgetting that other people were in the room watching on, Black continued.

Black kneeled down and took Meesa's delicate hand and asked, “Shorty, will you marry me?” How ghetto can he be she thought to herself. Disbelief, shock, and nervousness filled her heart. He was actually asking her to marry him.

Thinking why she hasn't said yes yet, he asked, “Baby are you okay?”

Coming back to reality Meesa replied, “Yes baby I'm okay.” Looking around the room at all of the beautiful faces consuming her, she thought, how can life get any better than this moment?

“Yes, Black I would be more than honored to marry you.” She answered, while kneeling down with him kissing his face and lips. On her left hand, he placed a platinum six-karat princess cut diamond ring. Meesa's mouth dropped down to the floor from the blinding light the rock sent off.

“Close your mouth baby, what did you expect from your man, a one karat ring?”

“Shut up Black it's just so beautiful.” She said jokingly. Everybody clapped and cheered.

“Now it's really time to party!” Black yelled.

“Pop that water!” Kat hollered across the room.

“Forsho cuz,” Black answered back. Everybody cracked up laughing at the Ebonics they used. Partying well into the next day, Meesa and Black sat back in front of the fireplace.

“I had so much fun yesterday Black.”

“Me too, baby.” He said while kissing her forehead. Still in their pajamas, Meesa sat and admired her ring.

“I still can't believe you asked me to marry you.”

“I don't see why, you know I love you.”

“I know, but still.”

“But still what.” Black asked, looking dead into her eyes.

“Just tell me how much you love me, Black.”

“Shorty, you know that you are the first and the only woman I will ever love. You've changed a nigga and you know that. You know that I fear relationships because of what my father did to my mother. But I've come to realize that that wasn't love, this is.”

Crying, Meesa softly said, “I'm pregnant Black.”

Removing his arm from around her shoulder, he sat up and put his head in his hands. Letting the news soak in he leaned back and touched Meesa's stomach.

“My baby is in there?”

“Yes, Black our baby is in there.”

“How long have you known?” He asked curiously.

“I took the test Christmas eve night. I threw up twice that night while you were sleep. And I knew that something was wrong, so I took a test to find out. After the test came back positive, I checked the calendar and saw that I must have gotten pregnant when we first moved in.”

“Why didn't you tell me yesterday?”

“I wanted it to be just me and you when I told you, Black. Are you mad?” She asked scared.

“Of course not, Mee Mee. I'm fucking happy! I'm gonna be a daddy!”

“Just think Black, in July we will have a little boy or girl.” Happy that he wasn't mad, Meesa kissed him.

Tonguing each other like never before, Black unbuttoned her silk pajama top. Caressing her skin softly recording every inch of her, he pictured a little girl looking just like her.

“Oh, Black.” Meesa moaned. Sliding her panties down, Black removed his boxers and stuck his dick inside her. Worried it would hurt the baby he asked, “Will this hurt the baby?”

“No baby. We can have sex all the way up until the third trimester.” Making love to her like never before, Meesa screamed from pleasure. Knowing her spot, Black licked, sucked, and tickled her neck with his tongue. Meesa was delirious with delight.

Whispering in his ear, Meesa softly said, “I love you, Black. It's only you, it's all you baby, I'd die for you, and I love you, Black.” Nearing a nut he told her to come with him. Coming together they groaned and panted.

Kissing her stomach he told the unborn baby, “I love you.”





All Eyez On Me


April 1st, 2003, Black stood at the counter of the drug store, filling Meesa's prescription of vitamins and iron pills. Five months into her pregnancy Meesa sat outside on the deck drinking lemonade. It was a nice sunny day in St. Louis and Meesa planned on relaxing. Making a detour into the city, Black stopped at Kat's apartment. He didn't tell Meesa, but he was back in the game. Not because he needed to, the game was just calling him. Life at home with Meesa was cool, but Black needed to feel the rush of the streets.

This time he went back as a provider of cocaine. He had a connect in Georgia who supplied him every month with kilos of dope. Black then turned the profit and sold the shit to his partnas for them to sell. He was the go between man, charging Kat, AJ, Perry, and Devon $10,000 a bag.

It was extra money to him, money that he put every month into a savings account for Meesa and the baby. She didn't know it but Black had been putting money aside for her since they had moved in together. Already, he had saved $325,472 for her. And now that he was back in the game, he had put away $80,000 for the baby. All the fellas were there waiting on their supply.

Black handed each of them two kilos. In return, they gave him twenty thousand each. Black put the money into the duffle bag he had carried the dope in. After the shoot out at Sprull's, Daryl had laid low, but after six months, he reappeared.

“Black, I seen that cat Daryl about a week ago in the mall. I was about to blast him right then and there, but I knew you wanted to do that shit personally.” Perry stated.

“Straight.” Was all Black said. He knew that he would soon catch that nigga slipping. He just told himself to bide his time.

“Ay, one of ya'll niggas fire up a blunt.” Black asked feigning. Being that Meesa was pregnant, he wasn't allowed to spark up in the house anymore. Black hadn't smoked in two days and needed some herbal medicine to calm him. Talking business and smoking some green, Black sat back enjoying his time out.

Back at home, Meesa's stomach started to growl from hunger. Not wanting to bug Black, she got her purse and drove to McDonalds. Meesa loved riding in her truck. She had butter soft crème colored seats, TVs on each headrest, a DVD player, a bomb stereo system, wood grain paneling and steering wheel, with twenty inch rims. She got much play from niggas while in her ride. But once she told them she was Black's fiancée, they quickly stepped off.

Cats in the Lou did not fuck wit Black or anyone associated with him. Black's reputation preceded him, he was known to shoot a nigga if you tried him. Well known all around, Black made sure cats didn't fuck with Meesa. And no one did either. He always made her carry a twenty-two in her purse. Terribly afraid of guns, Meesa made sure she was extra careful with it. Walking into McDonalds heads turned. Even though she was five months pregnant, she still held everybody's attention. Meesa wore a floral pink and white spaghetti strap dress. It hit her mid thigh and showed off her thick thighs and legs. Her hair continued to grow, so she now wore it in a upsweep roll with the loose pieces spiked everywhere. Her face and body glowed. Not being able to wear four-inch heels she opted for a pair of two inch wooden heeled sandals.

The diamond platinum necklace Black bought her had Mee Mee written on the charm. That and the three-karat diamond earrings, and her six-karat ring were blinding niggas. Ordering a number four meal, Meesa stood and waited. Destiny and Lil Howard walked in the door of the McDonalds.

Seeing each other, neither spoke. Destiny felt horrible that she couldn't attend Tamara's funeral, Daryl wouldn't allow her to. She wanted desperately to, leave him but couldn't. She knew that if she tried to he would kill her. Once she sneaked and called Meesa but the number was disconnected.

Wishing Lil Howard wasn't with her so she could talk to Meesa, she just ignored her. Hate was in Meesa eyes.

“I can't believe her.” She said out loud to herself. Lil Howard peeped Meesa standing with her back turned to him. He knew it was her from the tattoo she had on her neck.

Dialing Daryl Lil Howard said, “Yo, yo, Daryl that nigga Black bi-bi-bi-bitch here a-a-at the McDonald's in C-C-C-Clayton.” He stuttered into the phone.

“Is Destiny with you?”

“Yeah, yeah man.” Lil Howard whispered.

“Well, I don't give a fuck, kill that bitch.”

“Here, here in-in-in-in-in the McDonalds man?” Lil Howard questioned.

“Nigga don't question me, just take care of the shit. If I can't get to that nigga, than I'm gonna get to him through his bitch!” Daryl yelled into the phone.

Hearing her order was ready Meesa turned and walked back up to the counter. Destiny secretly peaked over in her direction and saw her stomach. She's pregnant she thought to herself. My girl is pregnant and I can't even share it with her. Eying her jewelry, Destiny spotted Meesa's engagement ring. Breaking the silence she had to ask, “Are You and Black getting married?”

Not even looking in her direction she grabbed her food and spat, “Yes!”

Pushing pass her and Lil Howard she left out hearing Destiny say, “Congratulations Mee Mee!”

Cursing Destiny underneath her breath, she didn't hear the footsteps that followed behind her. Opening her car door she eased her way into the truck slamming the door. A few steps away, leaving Destiny inside McDonalds, Lil Howard pointed his gun. Aiming straight for Meesa's head, he placed his finger on the trigger. Lil Howard knew he couldn't kill Meesa. Killing her in broad daylight would be a careless mistake. But if he didn't, Daryl would surely kill him. Starting the ignition, fear suddenly swept over Meesa.

Reaching for her purse, without bending over, she pulled out the twenty-two.

Bang, Bang, Bang!

That was all Meesa heard, she ducked down immediately. She pointed her hand up towards the window and fired. Hitting Lil Howard in the arm, tears fell down Meesa's face.

Speeding away she got out of the parking lot and into traffic. Looking down to see if she had gotten hit, she saw that a bullet had grazed her leg. Bleeding, Meesa hysterically cried.

Running out to the parking lot Destiny yelled, “What the fuck did you do to her, Lil Howard!”

“M-M-M-Mind your muthafucking b-b-business and get in-in-in-in-in-in the car Destiny!” Getting in the car and leaving the scene, Destiny sobbed.

“Did you kill her Lil Howard, huh?”

“I tried to b-but that b-b-b-bitch was pa-pa-packing heat. Can't-can't-can't you see I'm hit? I'm-I'm b-b-bleeding.” Lil Howard cried out.

“Oh my god, Oh my god!” Was all Destiny could get out. She knew right then and there that she had to break away from Daryl's crazy ass. No amount of money was worth another friend. She vowed she would get away, but how.

Black was back at home wondering where Meesa had gone without calling and letting him know. Searching the house for a note of some kind, he found none. She must have not gone far he reassured himself. Leaving the food in the car Meesa ran for the house.

“Black!” She yelled.

Hearing panic in her voice he thought something was wrong with the baby. He raced down the steps to see Meesa bleeding.

“Baby, what in the fuck happened? Is something wrong with the baby?”

“Black, I was shot!” She screamed.

Dazed from the words Black asked, “What?”

“Black, one of Daryl's peoples shot at me at McDonalds.”

“Where are you hit at baby, show me?”

“Right there.” She pointed to the graze on her leg. Ushering her to the nearest chair, he went to the phone and called Doctor No. He was a cat that Black went to when he didn't want police getting into his business. He was a Vietnam veteran, trained in situations like these.

After getting off the phone, he asked Meesa calmly,

“What happened?”

Telling him the story made Meesa cry even more. Hearing every word she spoke, he let it all settle in his brain.

“If that nigga can't get to me, he's going to try and hurt you or anybody else close to me!” Black yelled, punching a hole in the wall.

Scaring Meesa even more, he calmed himself down. Kissing her face and lips Black uttered, “I'm sorry, I should've been here.” Shedding tears right along with her he thought, what if she and the baby would've died. Even angrier, he left Meesa sitting and went outside and screamed. Meesa had never seen Black so mad. He was filled with the devil and she knew that he was going to do something irrational.

Doctor No was now there and immediately attended to Meesa's wound. It being the size of a dime, he assured Black that she would be all right. Helping Meesa upstairs to their bedroom, he undressed her and put her on a nightgown. He helped her into bed and kissed her and her stomach. Leaving the bedroom and taking two steps at a time, Black went into the kitchen and dialed one number. He called Kat and told him the news. That was all it took. Kat informed the rest of the fellas, and were on their way to Black's house.

On his knees Black thanked God for keeping Meesa and his child safe.

“God, I know that you say in the Bible that thou shall not kill and that you will take care of any and all evil, but I can't let anything happen to my family. Lord, I need Meesa and I have to protect her and my home. So Lord, please forgive me for the sin I'm about to commit.”

“Amen.” Black then said.

Ding Dong, Ding Dong.

Black, Kat, Perry, Devon, and AJ sat in the basement and planned their strategy. Upstairs in the bedroom, Meesa dialed Rose's house. After Christmas, they had became extremely close. Ms. Rose had become like a second mother to Meesa. Telling Rose everything that happened, Rose said that she would be there in five minutes. Ms. Rose was the only person she knew who would be able to calm Black down. She then dialed Gwen and told her. After hanging up with her, Gwen then dialed Nikki and so on. Thirty minutes later they all were there sitting on the bed with Meesa.

“Excuse my language Rose, but I'm gonna end up killing that bitch Destiny!” Gwen yelled angry.

“That's okay baby. I know that you are upset, but don't make it a habit.”

“Yes ma'am.” Gwen replied.

“Are you sure that Destiny didn't know Meesa?” Nikki asked.

“Yes I'm sure, I don't think she had anything to do with it.”

“I don't know Mee Mee, she hella shady to me now since she didn't come to Tamara's funeral.” Stated Nikki.

“You got that right Nikki, I don't put nothing past her now either.” Kelly said.

Black and the guys then entered the room.

“How are you feeling baby?” He asked.

“I'm okay Black. How are you now?” Always worrying about him and not her, he felt even angrier, but concealed it for her sake.

“I'm okay Shorty.”

“Black told me you shot that nigga Lil Howard in the arm, Mee Mee.” Kat replied.

“Yeah, ya girl got a good aim.” AJ stated.

“I'm just glad that she and the baby are safe.” Black said, all the while looking deep into Meesa's eyes, hoping that this wouldn't be the last time he saw her face.

“Black, honey come here.” Ms. Rose asked.

Pulling him out in to the hall, she said, “What are you going to do now Black, huh? Kill the boy? You can't fight fire with fire. Now I know I raised you right and I understand that you are upset but, killing will not solve anything, you hear me. Now you have a fiancée in there, who loves you more than she loves herself, and a baby on the way, now what will they do if you end up dead Black?”

Knowing everything she said was true, Black understood, but in the streets that shit didn't matter. He had to retaliate and soon, or niggas would try and catch him slipping.

“I understand Granny, but I have to do what I got to do to protect my family.”

Black countered and walked away. Not knowing what else to do, Ms. Rose went to her Bible and prayed.

“I'm out baby, I'll be back soon okay.” Black said.

Seeing his talk with his grandmother didn't work she begged, “Please Black, don't leave, please!”

“I have to Shorty, I'll be back okay.” Then he turned and left.

Destiny quickly gathered the last of her things and headed for the door, hoping to be gone before Daryl came home. But she was too late. As she approached the door, she heard his voice. Quickly throwing her suitcase behind the couch, she greeted him with a hug.

Pushing her off of him he asked, “What are you doing?”

“Nothing baby, I was just sitting here waiting for you to come home.” She replied nervously. Sensing fear, Daryl studied her and the room. Trying to walk past her, she stepped in front of him.

“Move out my way Destiny!” He yelled into her face.

“Give me a kiss.” Destiny asked, trying to get his attention.

“Bitch move!” Daryl yelled, while pushing her down. Eyeing the suitcase he asked, “Are we going on a trip or something that I don't know about?”

Knowing he knew her plan she feared for her life.

“Answer me bitch, where are you going!”

“Nowhere Daryl, I was about to throw the clothes down the trash chute. Those are all clothes that I can't fit anymore.” She answered assuring.

“Oh really huh, well let's take a look and see what you're throwing away.”

“Why, they're just old clothes Daryl.” She said desperately.

“We shall see won't we Destiny.”

Opening the suitcase, he found a stack of money, clothes, underwear, bras, and a toothbrush.

“Looks to me like somebody's lying.” Backhanding her in the face and then grabbing her throat, he slammed Destiny against the wall.

“Bitch, I think that you were trying to leave me. Were you trying to leave me, huh!”

Not able to breath, Destiny didn't answer.

“After all the shit I did for you, you gonna try and leave me! Huh, bitch you want to leave me? The only way that you are going to be able to leave me is in a body bag!”

Finally he let go of Destiny, and she slid down to the floor gasping for breath.

“Daryl, if you plan on killing me then do it!” Destiny spat back at him.

“Oh, don't worry bitch, your trick ass is finished!” Daryl went to grab his gun. Wiping blood from her nose Destiny screamed. “I hate you!”

Ready to strike her again, Daryl was detoured from the sound of his cell phone ringing. “Fuck, don't say shit! I'll be there in a minute. I'll be back, I got to go to the hospital so I can deal with those nosy ass doctors. Your ass better be here when I get back! Don't fuck with me Destiny!”

Getting his keys off the coffee table, Daryl left the apartment.

“Look at that nigga walking around like shit is all gravy.” AJ grimaced.

“It's cool son, he's about to get done up real nice.”

“Ay yo, Black the boy just left.”

“A'ight one. Let's go do this shit.” Kat replied. After the shooting, Black did some inquiring in the hood about Daryl. It wasn't that hard to find out information. Daryl ran his mouth too much. With one phone call, he had learned his address.

AJ and Kat walked up the two flights of stairs. With his finger over the peephole AJ knocked. On the inside, Destiny assumed that it was one Daryl's boys. Without looking or asking, “Who is it?” She opened the door. On sight, she realized her mistake. Kat placed his forty-five to her head.

Immediately Destiny backed up.

“I swear, I didn't know that Lil Howard was going to do that. I would never let anyone harm Meesa I swear.” She pleaded.

“Whatever bitch.” AJ said. Aiming the gun to her head, AJ stood.

“Yeah, we're in dog.” Kat spoke into the cell.

Thirty minutes had passed and Destiny sat on the couch. She didn't know when AJ was going to pull the trigger. Nobody spoke a word. Destiny was too afraid to say anything.

Knock, knock.

Kat opened the door to let Black enter. Black's presence was felt as soon as he crossed the threshold. Sitting himself across from Destiny he stared at her. Disgust was written all over Black's face. He felt nothing but contempt for her. After a while he finally spoke.

“I don't even know what to say you. You are the sorriest bitch that I have ever seen. I don't know what Meesa saw in your ass. You are a scandalous ass bitch. What kind of person doesn't even attend her own friend's funeral? I should have Kat kill your ass.”

A tear streamed down Destiny's face because she knew that everything Black said was true.

“She ain't even worth it dog” AJ said.

“Look at you, sitting up here with your face all fucked up and shit. That nigga straight swelled up your shit. I'm going to let your ass live though. But if you ever try to contact Meesa you're dead.

Two hours later, Daryl returned home. As he inserted his key into the lock he had a bad feeling come over him. But by him being so smug about everything, he shrugged it off. All of the lights were out inside of the apartment.

“Destiny?” (Silence)

“Destiny?” (More Silence)

Her ass must be sleep he thought to himself.

“You know that I haven't forgotten about what you did earlier bitch!” He yelled into the house.

Getting ready to beat her ass again, he opened the bedroom. Daryl flicked on the light only to find Black. His eyes had to be deceiving him Black, was not sitting on his bed. Daryl quickly reached for his gun but he was too slow.

AJ already had his silencer to the back of his dome.

“Don't even try it dog.” AJ said into his ear.

Taking his gun from him, AJ patted him down. Black sat on the bed with a devilish grin across his face.

“Wait outside for me AJ.” Eying him to see if he was sure, AJ saw that he was. But AJ couldn't help but to buck Daryl at least once. After that, he left Black to handle his business.

“So, you actually thought that the shit you pulled today would go unanswered. Nigga, you must be dumber than I thought. It was just a matter of time before I got you. Trust that I never forgot about what you did to my boy Rick. But fucking with my girl and my child is where you really fucked up.”

“Fuck you and that bitch.” Daryl shot back.

“Are you still talking shit? You must be crazy if you're still talking shit when you're about to die. I'm through talking to you cuz”.

Pulling out his silencer Black pointed the gun to his chest.

“Tell Meesa that I said I love her. Damn I sure wish I could have hit that. She looks like she got some good ass pussy.”

But Daryl's last word was lost. Black fired a shot into his chest. Grabbing his chest Daryl fell backwards. Standing over him, Black fired three more times. With two shots to his chest and one to the side of his head, Black's job was done. Kicking him a couple of times, Black had to spit on him too. Leaving the crime scene Black never once looked over his shoulder. If he would have he would have seen Daryl's fingers still moving.

Shaken Destiny sat wondering, is she being kidnapped to be killed too.

“What happened here tonight?” Black asked her. Happy that Daryl was dead, she replied. “Nothing.”

They drove all the way to St. Charles, Missouri and found Destiny a hotel. Setting her up in the Hyatt hotel, Black paid for a two-week stay. In the hotel room, he gave her 1,000 for food and clothing. Kat would be staying in the room adjoined to hers, to make sure she wouldn't run to the police. Black had one of his partners get rid of Kat's Monte Carlo.

An Impala was already ready and waiting for him at the hotel. Hoping in, Black thanked God he was making it back home alive to Meesa. 11:45 p.m. the clock read, Meesa sighed. Gwen and the girls had left an hour ago, but Rose decided to stay the night. Meesa cried, asking God to please let Black come home. What if he doesn't make it back home alive she thought?

“What will I do Lord, I can't make it without him Lord?” Meesa pleaded. Hearing a noise downstairs Meesa called out, “Black is that you!”

“Yeah it's me, baby!”

“Thank you Lord Jesus!” Meesa shouted.

Running into Black's arms, every moment they shared ran through her mind.

“I love you, baby.” Black exclaimed.

“I love you too, Black. I don't know what I would do without you baby. Please don't ever leave me like that again, promise me.” Meesa needed to hear her man say he wouldn't.

“I'll never leave you, Shorty.” Black answered.

“I just thank God you're home safe.”

“Me too baby, me too.”





It's Getting Late


July 4th, 2003, one of the hottest days of the summer, barbeque was on the grill, people were swimming, kids were running around playing, and Meesa sat back with her feet up. She was now in her last month and the baby was due any day. Black and Meesa agreed that they didn't want to know the sex of the baby until he or she was born. Black glared over at Meesa and winked his eye at her.

“I love the shit out of his sexy ass!” Meesa acknowledged.

“We know you do.” Gwen countered.

Black was still as fine as the first time she saw him. He had all of his dreads in a ponytail due to the heat. A red and white Tommy Hilfiger shirt and Tommy shorts adorned his body, and pair of Tommy sandals was on his feet. The boy looked good all year around. His muscles had gotten bigger since he started lifting weights. And the boy's body was banging.

Whenever they went out, hoes were always staring, trying to get his attention with their skimpy outfits, but Black never paid them any attention. He knew what he had at home and none of them hoes could compete.

Meesa couldn't wait to have the baby so she could regain her old shape. Before she got pregnant, she weighed 131, now she was 170, and she planned on losing every last pound. Meesa thought she was fat but Black liked the extra weight on her. Along with her hips, she now had a big butt. Something Meesa had always wanted.

She prayed it wouldn't leave after she had the baby. Fixing herself a glass of tea, Meesa felt a contraction.

“Black, baby it's time!” She yelled across the yard. Everybody quickly ran over to her, none faster than Black though.

“Are you sure?”

“Yes.” She said, feeling another one coming on. “Go and get my suitcase, please?” Meesa asked patiently.

Gwen held her hand as they made it to the front of the house to Black's BMW. Black returned with the suitcase and hopped in the car. The others piled in their cars and followed.

Seven hours and twenty minutes later, a baby boy was born. Eight pounds and six ounces, a perfect ten fingers and ten toes baby boy. It was love at first sight for Meesa. While in labor, Gwen and Black stayed in the room with her.

Gwen and Messa had grown close since the shooting at McDonalds.

Black was sick at the first sight of all the blood coming from Meesa's coochie, but it was worth looking at because he now had a son.

Gwen rushed to the waiting room and let everyone know that it was a boy. Black held his son for the first time, and knew immediately that he was what life was all about. There was no denying he was Black's son, he had all of his features, the slanted eyes, high cheekbones, little nose, and jet-black hair and skin. People would have thought that Black spit him out. The only thing he got from Meesa was curly hair and a pair of funny colored eyes.

After debating, they decided that his name should be Kyan Ricky Paterson. Now Rick could live on through his son.

August 18th, 2003, 2:00 a.m.

Wha, Wha, Wha, whining echoed through the halls.

“Baby get up, Kyan is crying.” Meesa shook Black awake.

“I'm up, I'm up, damn quit pushing me!” Black awoke aggravated.

“There's a bottle already ready in his room on the chest.”

“Aight.” Black answered grumpy. But all of the angry feelings he felt from being awakened from a good nights sleep went away, he was always glad to spend time with his son.

Picking Kyan up and rocking him back and forth Black asked, “What's the matter Kyan, you cool dog, its okay, daddy's here.”

Looking at Kyan was like looking in the mirror. It was so uncanny how much he resembled his father. All of his natural features were starting to show. Curly tendrils of jet-black hair lay delicately on his head. Chocolate milky skin adorned his face and body. Chinese slanted eyes set with charcoal gray pupils stared up at Black. Black thanked God everyday for his son. Knowing, if he had only him in his life, he would be all right.

Calming him down and sticking the breast milk filled bottle in Kyan's mouth, Black rested in the rocking chair. He and Meesa planned, before Kyan was born, that they would take turns feeding him at night. Black smiled down at his mini me. Rocking in the chair Black and Kyan fell asleep.

9:24 a.m., Meesa awoke but not to Blacks face as usual. Climbing out of bed and walking what seemed like a mile to Kyan's room, she found Black and Kyan asleep.

“I know that he is so uncomfortable.” Meesa said to herself out loud.

“Black, baby wake up and go get in the bed.”

Nudging Black gently he finally awoke.

“What time is it?” He asked, while handing her the baby.

“Um, I think like nine something.” Remembering he had to go meet his connect at 11:00 a.m., Black decided to go and get dressed.

“I'm about to go and get dressed instead baby.” Black stated.

“Where are you going this early?” Still walking, he yelled over his shoulder. “Out!”

Rolling her eyes to herself, she kissed Kyan on the head and placed him back into his crib. I'm going to find out where he's going she thought. Walking back into their bedroom, she heard the sound of the shower running. Disrobing, Meesa silently crept into the bathroom, pulled back the glass door, and stepped into the shower with Black.

Black was standing underneath the showerhead letting the water run all over him, the sight turned Meesa the hell on. Licking her lips, she grabbed the soap, lathered it up in her hands, and rubbed Blacks back. Enjoying her touch so much Black turned and pulled her close to him. Licking each other in all the right places, Meesa dropped to her knees.

Wanting to satisfy Black so much and to also let him know she was still the shit, she bobbed her head back and forth. Black held on to the shower door feeling like the king he was. Meesa knew how to give some bomb head and she used her lethal weapon to get information out of Black.

After giving him some head, she could always get information out of him.

After about five minutes of nothing but head, Black lifted her head up ready to put his thang down. Placing her up against the wall he found her opening. Sliding his manhood in and out of her Meesa cried out from ecstasy. Loving how the water glided down her back and down to her butt, Black pulled her hair. She loved when he got rough with her when they had sex.

Knowing she was a undercover freak, they tried numerous techniques. Rough sex with paddles, sensual sex with body oils, playful sex with food and shit, they did it all together.

“Oh, Oh, Oh!” Was all Meesa could utter.

Nobody could fuck her like Black. The dick was just too good for words.

“Pick me up so I can see you.” She finally got out.

Picking her up and positioning herself on his dick was a joy for her. It was one of Blacks favorite positions. With her arms and legs wrapped around him, he shoved his thing in her as far it would go. Meesa felt his dick all the way in her stomach. Gasping for air she came, but Black wasn't finished, he still had to get his off.

Continuing on after she settled back down, he rammed deep inside. Her pussy felt like a gold mine he had to explore. It was like a perfect fit, her pussy was made for his dick. Finally, getting his thing off, he pulled his dick out before he came. Knowing Meesa didn't like taking the pill, he made sure he didn't nut in her. Showered and dressed, Black sat in the kitchen and ate breakfast. Meesa was still in the bathroom getting her and Kyan dressed for the day. Black wondered on many days, should he tell her about his business he had going on. But the answer always came back no. Meesa was too paranoid to handle the shit. So, he planned on not telling her ever.

Carrying Kyan, Meesa approached Black with a kiss, and a look in her eye that said everything.

It said, “I know you're up to something blacky.”

Laughing, Black asked, “What, what you got to say shorty?”

“Nothing Black, I just know that you are up to something.”

“I'm not hiding anything from you.”

“Whatever, you know that whatever is done in the dark shall come to light, nigga.” Meesa stated boldly.

“Anyway, give me my son.”

“Oh, so he's your son now, huh.”

“Forsho.” Laughing, Meesa handed Black junior over.

“What's up man? Who's your daddy, huh?”

“Don't play nigga, you know that right there is all you.”

“What are ya'll up to today huh?” Black questioned Meesa.

“Why should I tell you, you don't tell me what you do every minute of the day?” Meesa countered back.

Look, you better tell me before I hurt you.” Giving off his meanest face, Meesa doubled over from laughter.

“Black shut up. You know that you are not going to hurt nobody.”

“A'ight, she thinks I'm playing with her Kyan, doesn't she. Naw, for real, where are you going?” He asked again, but this time, while standing in her face. This was one of his own techniques he used to get info out of her.

There was something that she couldn't resist about his face when up close. Melting, she answered, “We're going to the mall and over to Gwen's house.”

“That's better, give me a kiss.” Kissing him slowly and passionately she savored his taste.

“Peace out Shorty.” Black said as he left. I'm going to find out whatever it is he's hiding, Meesa said to herself.

Riding down Natural Bridge pumping Nas, Black peeped all the females eying him in his ride. Old habits die-hard and pretty faces were one of them for Black. He loved Meesa with all of his being, but there was something that kept calling him. The sex was great and she still looked good as hell. Home was home, but the streets and being a nigga were all Black knew. Sticking with the same pussy day after day was something he didn't know if he could do.

Occasionally, he would hit off a young broad. Always staying strapped he made sure no other broad could holla she was pregnant. He and Brandy still got down time from time, making sure it wasn't a habit and that the bitch didn't get too comfortable. Pulling up in the vacant parking lot, Black spotted his connect.

Business was booming for Black and he couldn't stop. The nigga had so much money that he didn't even keep his shit in the bank anymore. Black went out and bought four huge trunks, each filled to the brim with dough. Kyan had so much money left to him that the boy would never have to work a day in life.

Shaking hands and exchanging bags, they both left the scene immediately. Stopping at a crowded grocery store, Black checked the bag. It was all there as usual. Black no longer just sold to his family, he had grown to build a squad. Including his boys, he distributed to five other young cats.

Every month, Black bought in about three hundred grand. Meeting the rest of the fellas at a park in the Peabody, Black traded bags of coke for stacks of cash. Back in his truck, Black's pager started to vibrate.

Skimming through the message it stated: A package is waiting for you B. He knew that that was code for come and fuck me, Brandy. Making a u-turn, he swooped over to Brandy's house for yet another piece of ass.

Shopping had worn Meesa out, so she sped down I-70 to Gwen's apartment off Hanley Rd. Riding pass a street called North & South, she saw a truck that looked just like Black's. Same model, a Black Lincoln Navigator, twenty-two inch rims, and gold trimming.

Nah, it can't be him she thought, he doesn't know anybody that stay's over here. So, she drove on not thinking twice about it.

Finally sitting in the cool air-conditioned air, Meesa downed a Pepsi. Kyan was knocked out on Gwen's bed.

“Girl, what all did you get from the mall?”

“Girl, everything I laid my eyes on. I tried to buy the whole damn mall.” Meesa answered, exhausted.

“Look at my Godbaby, he is so cute.”

“Girl, I know he gonna be something else when he get big, hanging around his daddy. Where's he at anyway?”

“I don't know, he been playing hide and seek for awhile now.”

“What are you talking about girl, cause you are confusing the hell out of me?”

“Gwen, he has been going places and not telling me trying to be all secretive and shit. I think he back selling, you know.”

“Well, if he is why don't he just tell you?” Gwen asked perplexed.

“I don't know, Black think that I'm all fragile and shit and like I can't handle nothing. So he keeps a lot of shit to himself. I could've sworn though on my way over here I saw his truck.”

“Where at?” Gwen asked.

“Um, over on North & South.” Messa replied

“He don't know nobody over here do he?” Gwen asked, continuing with her questions.

“Nah, I don't think so.”

“Well, on your way back home go back the way you came and see if the car is still there. And if it is, ride down the street and get a closer look.” Gwen replied.

“You know what you're right, I will.”

On the way home, Meesa did exactly what Gwen suggested. But the car that was there at first was already gone, she rode past and continued on home.

August 21st, 2003, Meesa's twentieth birthday.

“Happy Birthday Shorty!” Black yelled in her ear.

“Here wake up, I made you breakfast.”

Sitting up while rubbing her eyes, Meesa smelled bacon. Setting the breakfast tray on her lap he kissed her.

“Happy birthday baby.”

“Thank you baby.” Meesa said while kissing Black.

Noticing he was dressed and ready to go she asked, “Where are you going?”

“Kyan and I are spending the day together so you can have the day to yourself. You know that you have to go the beauty shop to get that wig fixed.” Black said ruffling her hair.

“Where are you and Kyan going all day Black?”

“Don't worry about it. You do you and let us do us. When we get done kicking it, I'm going to drop him off at my granny's house. I'll be back in time to get dressed so we can go out, aight.”

“Okay.”

“Here Happy Birthday.”

Black handed her a long black velvet box.

Smiling ear-to-ear Meesa asked, “What is this?

“Just open it.” Opening it Black had bought her a platinum chain with a two and half karat diamond heart pendant.

“Kiss me.” She demanded. And, of course, he did.

“You like it?”

“Of course, I love it baby. Thank you so much.”

Meesa sat in the shop all day gossiping. All of the girls were there getting their do's done too. Once again, Kisha out did herself. After having Kyan, Meesa's hair had grown so long that she got it cut in layers and streaked with the color Red Hot Mary.

For her birthday, Meesa got her hair flipped in layers with a part in the middle. Nikki was sitting under the dryer, Kelly, Meesa, and Gwen were at the nail booth, gossiping and talking shit about people.

“Oh hell no!” Gwen said, jumping up. Looking in the same direction she was staring, Meesa and Kelly spotted Destiny. They all stared at her like she was a ghost.

“What in the fuck are you doing here?” Gwen hollered across the shop. Asking God for strength, Destiny walked over to them. After Daryl's death and her hiding out, she and Kat grew close. She told him how Daryl treated her, and the reason why she stayed. Kat told her no man should ever put his hands on a woman no matter what. He assured her that she could do better.

At first she didn't like Kat because he wasn't the most attractive man she had ever seen. But after a lot of soul searching, Destiny finally figured out that was what got her in trouble in the first place. Judging men by their looks and how much money they had was getting old and finally she realized she needed to grow up.

Over the course of time they spent together, she grew to like him. They stayed at the Hyatt for a month to make the police think Destiny left town. When they left The Hyatt, Kat asked Destiny to move in with him, and having nowhere else to stay she did. For her now she finally knew the true meaning of love. She didn't care if Kat had money or not, he loved her for her and not how she looked. And finally, she learned what real love was all about.

She explained to Black, soon after they met, that she didn't know about Daryl's plan to kill him. And that she didn't know Lil Howard was going to shoot Meesa at the McDonalds. Over and over she asked him could she see Meesa, but he always said no. He told her that Meesa needed time to get over what happened and to wait. Black really wanted to see if Destiny was loyal or not.

After four months of waiting, he finally said yes. Black called Kat's crib and told Destiny where Meesa would be that morning and to go see her. Thinking now, she wondered did she make the right decision to come.

“Look Gwen, I know that you are mad at me, but let me explain.”

“Explain what, that you fucked us over for that punk ass nigga Daryl that you didn't give a fuck enough about Tamara to attend her funeral, or what, that you didn't know Lil Howard was going to shoot at Meesa, Bitch, I don't want to hear it.” Gwen said angrily.

“Calm down Gwen, let her say what she got to say.” Replied Kelly.

“Fuck her, I don't want to hear shit she got to say.”

Crying now Destiny said, “I'm sorry ya'll, I'm sorry, I didn't know. Yes, after Tamara died, I still stayed with Daryl but after the shit with Mee Mee at McDonalds, I left him.”

“Yeah right, you know she's lying.” Gwen said snottily.

“It's true, I've been staying with Kat for the past four months, ask Black Mee Mee.”

“Bitch, don't bring Black into this. Meesa do you want me to kick her ass or what?” Gwen asked. Instead, Meesa stood up and walked towards Destiny and hugged her.

“What the fuck?” Replied Gwen.

“Look, I believe her Gwen. I knew already that she didn't have anything to do with the shooting.” Meesa stated.

“Well, I'm going to call Kat and make sure.” Gwen said, while picking up her cell phone.

“You don't have to call him because he's right outside in the car, Gwen.” Going to the shop's door and seeing Kat sitting in his car cracked Gwen's face.

Turning around she said, “Oh, I'm sorry Dee, but the shit just didn't seem right to me.”

“I understand Gwen, I just miss ya'll so much.” Destiny exclaimed.

“We've missed you too Dee.” Kelly asked.

“What in the hell is going on?” Nikki asked.

“Destiny's back.” Meesa replied.

“Well, hallelujah, about time.” Nikki stated.

Since the Sprull's fiasco, Black and Meesa rarely went to clubs. But it being Meesa's birthday, they had to party till the break of dawn. A smile stretched across Meesa's face a mile or more. She had everything, a man who loved her, a beautiful baby boy, a nice home, cars, clothes, and most of all, her friends. Destiny was finally back in her life, and Meesa couldn't be happier.

The Spotlight was just how she remembered it, packed as hell. Niggas and bitches trying to out dress each other. Loud music, drinks flowing, and everybody just vibing, having a good time. It had only took Meesa a couple of weeks to get her figure back after having Kyan. She was proud to say that she was back in a size seven. Black asked her repeatedly, “Are you going to wear that?” And every time she ignored him.

“Meesa, I don't want you wearing no shit like that, you practically naked.” Black demanded.

“Black, everybody knows that I'm with you, so calm down, you know I look good.” Meesa herself was shocked at the outfit. She never wore anything so provocative before.

Since it was summer and hot as hell, she found herself a sexy outfit by Dolce & Gabbana. Meesa wore a tan fish net top, a tan bikini top underneath, and an ultra low rise dirty wash denim mini skirt. Black bought her a pair of diamond incrusted gold Chanel stiletto heels. Since the Indian look was in, she bought turquoise jewelry to match. She had on turquoise earrings, necklace, ring, and bracelet. Meesa looked like one of those video hoes, but a classy video hoe she was. And leaving her engagement ring at home because it didn't go with her outfit, made Black even more upset.

“What, you trying to find yourself another nigga or something tonight?” He questioned.

“Black, no the ring didn't go, it clashed, so I didn't wear it okay.” She answered, rolling her eyes. “I'm tired of the twenty questions baby. It's my birthday and I just want to have a good time, okay.”

“You gonna have me in this muthafucker killing somebody for looking at you, Mee Mee.” Getting out of the BMW, she held his hand reassuring him of his position in her life.

Beyonce's song, “Baby Boy”, was blasting through the speakers, so Meesa pulled Black to the dance floor. Backing it up on him she let every bitch in the room know that he was her man. Niggas stared at Meesa, but not to long, fearing Black's wrath.

“What's up girl!” Yelled Gwen. Nikki, Kelly, Destiny, Kat, AJ, Devon, and Perry followed behind her. They was stopping to say happy birthday and give Meesa hugs.

“Goddamn Shorty, you trying to hurt a nigga up in here tonight.” Joked AJ.

“Ay, nigga don't stare too hard.” Black said, trying to cover up Meesa. Stepping in front of him, she laughed and said, “Forget him AJ, he just mad.”

“Come on Mee Mee, let's go and get a drink.” Destiny asked.

“Baby I'll be back.” Meesa said and kissed Black goodbye.

“Don't go to far, Mee Mee.”

“I'm not.” She yelled back over the loud music.

“Girl, I'm so glad you back Dee, I missed having my girl around.”

“Me too, Mee Mee.” Destiny replied.

“I still think that Gwen is suspicious of me though.”

“Dee, everything will be back to normal, it just takes time for old wounds to heal you know.” Meesa said, reassuringly.

“Yeah, you right.”

“Now, let's forget all this sad shit and party!”

Finding Black in the back of the club sitting in a booth Meesa slid in right next to him. Cutting a blunt and emptying the contents on the floor, Black filled it back up with the finest weed in the Lou.

Wanting to have as much fun as possible, Meesa asked to have the first hit.

“You hear her ass Kat? Mee Mee wants the first hit.” Black said.

“Shorty, I don't know, that right there is fire.” Kat said.

“I don't give a fuck, I'm trying to kick it ya heard.” Messa answered back.

“A'ight, don't come crying to me when ya ass get fucked up.” Black said. Taking the first smoke, Meesa inhaled and blew it out of her nose and back into her mouth.

“Damn ma, you a pro.” Black said unknowingly.

“Black, it's a lot you don't know I know how to do.” Inhaling twice and passing it to the right, Black looked over to Meesa and wondered what she meant. Meesa's ass was on cloud nine.

After two Amaretto Sours and four puffs of the blunt she was fucked up. But, for the first time, she handled the shit. She didn't want Black on some old, I told you so type shit.

Wanting to show off their outfits, Meesa and the girls made their rounds around the club. They got hollas and whistles as they walked by. Making her way back to where Black was, Meesa spotted him talking to Brandy.

“What in the fuck is that bitch doing all up in Black's face?” Nikki asked.

“I don't know, but I'm sure in the hell about to find out.” By the time she made it through the crowd of people, Brandy had already walked away.

“Why in the world were you to talking to Brandy, Black?” She asked.

Thinking of a quick lie he said, “She was asking me about hollering at Perry tonight, so I hooked them up.”

Knowing that he was lying, she asked Perry who was rapping to some other chick, “Ay, Perry you and Brandy hooking up tonight?”

Not knowing what she was talking about he said, “Nah.” Turning back to Black with her hands on her hips Meesa asked, “Now who lying, Black?”

Eyeing him, Black said, “Man, you know Brandy just came over here to tell me she wanted to holla at you and for me to hook it up.”

What Black didn't know was that Meesa knew that him and Brandy used to fuck with each other. Not wanting to interfere in their business, the girls just looked on. Fed up with all of the lies and secrecy Meesa turned her back on him and walked away.

Thinking he got away with the lie, Black sat back in the booth and fired up another blunt. Glad he got away with the lie and not starting a scene, he punched Perry in the arm, and said, “Nigga, you know damn well you was supposed to cover for me.”

“Damn nigga, I forgot.” Perry shot back.

“Shit, Brandy ass almost got me caught up. I went over and saw her ass the other day and left my hat at her place.”

“So the shit was that important that she had to tell you knowing Meesa was here.” Perry asked.

Inhaling and letting the weed do its thing Black finally uttered, “Yeah, she just is trying to start shit between me and Meesa. I'm gonna stop fucking with her ass now after that bullshit.”

On a mission to find Brandy, Meesa searched high and low. In front of the bar Brandy stood, all up in some other nigga's face.

“Excuse me.” Meesa said politely to the young guy.

“Let me holla at Brandy for a second.”

“You excused ma.” He said, giving Brandy his number as he walked away.

“Let me ask you a question Brandy?”

“What question do you want to ask me?” Brandy asked with a smile on her face, knowing her plan had worked. She saw Meesa making her way back to Black so she decided to beat her to the punch. So, she sparked up a meaningless conversation with Black to make Meesa mad.

“Are you and Black fucking around?”

“I think you need to ask your man that question.” Brandy replied, loving every minute.

“Well, let me ask you another question then. What street do you live on?”

Not sure if she should answer, Brandy contemplated, finally answering, “I stay off St. Charles Rk. Rd”, not wanting Meesa to know her exact street.

Putting two and two together, Meesa remembered she was riding down St. Charles Rk. Rd. when she saw the car that looked liked Black's. Reaching her hand back to steal Brandy, Destiny grabbed Meesa's hand.

“Fuck her Mee Mee, she ain't even worth it. Don't hit her.”

“You right Dee, she ain't my man, she didn't cheat on me. But thanks bitch for your cooperation!” Meesa spat.

After that, everything around her moved in slow motion. Her heart was beating a mile a minute though. Black was doing it to her again. Sweat started to form on her forehead, Meesa's whole body tensed up. She actually felt dizzy. Looking at the faces in the club, she saw nothing but happiness. That was supposed to be her. But once again, Black had taken that from her. Pushing through the crowd Meesa approached Black.

Seeing him laughing with the fellas like everything was cool, made her sick to her stomach. Trying her damndest not to cry, she stood across the table staring at Black. Looking up at Meesa, he knew something was wrong. Heat radiated off of her and her chest was heaving up and down from anger.

Destiny stood behind her holding her shoulders. Gwen and the girls immediately sensed something was wrong too. So angry and hurt, Meesa's body started to shiver.

“What's wrong Mee Mee?” Kelly asked.

“She still tripping and shit? Ya'll know she act like a spoiled brat sometimes.” Black stated, laughing.

Black continuing to lie and front on her made Meesa even angrier and frustrated.

“Nah, I'm cool, I ain't tripping. Black.”

“Well, what in the fuck is your problem then? It's yo fucking birthday and shit. I'm trying to show ya ass a good time and you tripping and shit.

“You're the fucking problem Black!” She yelled.

“Look Meesa, you need to calm the fuck down in this muthafucker.” Black demanded, seeing that they were attracting attention.

“Fuck you Black, I saw your car over Brandy's house the other day.”

Caught up, Black sat dumbfounded. No lie could get him out of this one.

“Oh, so it was you, huh? Damn, I can't believe this shit. How long have you been fucking around on me, huh! Answer me nigga! How long have you been fucking with her?”

“Calm down, Mee Mee.” Destiny calmly said.

“Nah, fuck that Dee. This nigga been fucking another bitch while he been with me. What Black, I wasn't enough for you? What that bitch do for you that I didn't do?” Meesa asked hysterically.

“Look Meesa, we'll talk about this shit later, a'ight.” Black said, blowing her off.

“Nigga, there ain't shit to talk about. If you want to be with that bitch, then go and be with her. I told you I don't need you! Kyan and I will be fine without you!”

“What you planning on doing? You gonna leave me, Meesa, huh? What you gonna take Kyan and leave? No! You know ya ass ain't going anywhere. Yeah, I fucked her, and what. What you expect me to do, huh! Sit up and play house and shit. That shit is for the birds. This is not a fantasy, this is life Meesa. I'm a man, I can't be tied down to one woman and one woman only!” Every word Black spoke cut Meesa deeper and deeper and he knew it. He couldn't get fronted on in front of everybody. If he let her talk to him any kind of way, he would lose creditability.

“Fuck you, Black!” Meesa screamed. Having the keys to the car in her purse she drove home, crying hysterically, the whole way home. How could he do me like that she thought. I thought he loved me and Kyan.

“Why Lord, why Lord?” She asked.

Wiping her eyes and checking her face in the rearview mirror, Meesa got out the car. Not wanting Rose to know anything was wrong she pulled herself together. Getting Kyan ready to go home was a obstacle all in itself. Everytime she looked at his tiny face she saw Black.

Ms. Rose sensed something was the matter but didn't ask. Back at home, Meesa got a couple of her suitcases ready. Kyan laid sleep in his crib not knowing his family was being torn apart. Meesa got through one suitcase when Black came in the house. Making his way up the stairs and finding her packing he asked, “Where you going?”

Walking past Black, Meesa continued to grab more clothes from the closet.

“You leaving? Well, you can leave if you want, but you not taking my son though, you know that don't you?”

“What in the fuck do you mean I'm not taking Kyan?”

“Like I said, you can leave if that's what you want to do, but my son ain't going nowhere!”

“Black, fuck you! You don't give a fuck about Kyan, yourself, or me! Cause if you did, you wouldn't have to go out in the streets to find whatever it is you're looking for! Why did you do it Black? That's all I want to know, why? Don't you know that you could have gave me a STD or AIDS, you ass!”

“I don't know why I did it. I just did it!” He yelled back.

“What, you don't love me anymore, is that it?”

“Yeah I still love you! I love you and Kyan and you know that!”

“How can you honestly sit up here and say you love me and you cheated on me Black!”

“Look man, all I know is that you and Kyan are my heart and I don't want you to leave.”

“What do you want me to do Black, stay and let you walk all over me? I've told you once and I've told you twice, I don't need you! I'm not gonna let you sit up here and cheat on me every five minutes!” Still packing, Meesa heard Kyan cry.

“Move!” She said, pushing past Black to get to Kyan. Rocking him back to sleep, she cried harder and harder. Black stood and looked around the room. On their dresser sat a family picture of him, Meesa, and Kyan. They were so happy he thought, “So, why did you have to go and fuck everything up?” He questioned himself.

Meesa reentered the bedroom and started back packing.

“Meesa sit down baby, please?” Black asked.

Ignoring him, she continued packing. Blocking her from the closet Black grabbed her arm.

“Let me go Black!” She screamed.

“No, I'm not letting you go,” He said, while trying to restrain her.

“Why, you don't love me! So why should I stay, huh? Give me one good reason why I should stay!” Not being able to think fast enough, he couldn't think of an answer to give her.

“Let me go Black, you can't even give me one good reason to stay!” Jerking her arms out of his grasp, she headed back to the closet.

“I never in my life have hated someone, but I can honestly say that I hate you.” The words I hate you shot Black right in the heart. His whole life was falling apart and he couldn't do anything about it. Finished packing, Meesa grabbed a suitcase, preparing herself to leave.

Walking towards the door, Black ran and caught her.

“Let me go Black!” Meesa yelled, trying to break his grasp.

“Come here!” He said, turning her around forcefully. She faced him.

“I Love you! No matter what, even if you leave right here, right now, I'll always love you. I don't want you to leave me, but if that's what you feel like you got to do, then I'll understand.”

Still struggling to get away from him Meesa hit him in the face. Pushing her up against the wall he whispered, “It's you and me forever. I'm sorry Shorty. I'll never do it again. I need you and Kyan too much. Just don't leave, a'ight?” Pinned against the wall, Meesa stood still.

Thinking that sex would solve everything, he started kissing her lightly on the mouth while holding her hands.

Black continued saying, “I need you, you don't understand that I need you.” Unfazed, Meesa didn't respond to his advances.

“You do not need me Black, nor do you love me. Because if you did, you wouldn't have done what you did!

I hear you Shorty, but I do love you.” Black said, all the while kissing her.

“You claim that you love me Black, but you don't!” Caressing her face tenderly, Black tried his best to quiet her down.

“I need you boo, don't go, a'ight. We can work this shit out. It's me and you and you know that Mee Mee.” Weeping freely, Meesa tried to let go of all the pain and hurt that was killing her softly.

“I have to go Black. I can't let you do this shit to me. What kind of women would I be if I allowed you to cheat on me?” Meesa asked.

“Kiss me baby please, I'll make everything right if you just let me.”

Looking into Black's eyes, she felt resentment being replaced with yearning. So she let him kiss her. Kissing her eyes, he licked her tears away. Pulling her top over her head and untying the bikini top, he fondled her breast. Wanting to please her as much as possible, he laid Meesa down on the smooth, plush carpet.

“I'm sorry Mee. Please let me make love to you.” He asked gently. Not wanting to leave yet, she let him do whatever he pleased. Taking off his clothes and hers, he laid on top of her. In a twisted way, Meesa wanted him to make love to her. Wanting him to show her that he loved her and no one else. Tenderly kissing her all over, Meesa felt wanted.

“I want you in my life Meesa forever.” Black whispered in her ear.

“Why Black, why? Why did you do me like this, why? I love you so much. I want you Black. I can't live without you. And you know it and that's why you do shit like this.” Meesa cried, getting heated all over again. Black knew he had to take her mind off of the situation, so he took his head down south.

Grasping the carpet, Meesa tried to keep her composure, but the sensation felt too good. Moving his tongue all around her insides, Black aimed for Meesa to feel bliss. Black grabbed her legs and pushed them all the way back so he could take in all of her inner being. His plan was working because the feeling became too much for her to handle. Moaning from sheer agony, Meesa came. Her body shaking from the ecstasy, Black lifted himself up to watch. He loved the way her whole body spoke everything she felt. Filling her up with his being, Black gazed into Meesa's eyes.

Connecting on another level they moved with each other to the rhythm of love. With every stroke Black spoke, “I love you.”

Torn between love and hate, Meesa continued the flow and didn't speak a word. How will I put you out of mind she thought to herself? Can I leave and never come back, she questioned herself.

“I want to get on top.” Meesa demanded. Riding him slowly at first with every lift, she gave him a look like, “This is what you're going to be missing.” Gradually increasing speed, and not wanting to look at him anymore, Meesa turned around so that her ass could face him instead of her face. Black held on to her waist tight trying his best to keep up.

Cuming into her secret passage, he tried to steady Meesa on top of him, but she kept going.

“Be still, be still.” He said. Playing like she was deaf, Meesa still went. Nearing another orgasm herself she went even faster.

“Oh my god, Oh my god, I'm coming, Oh, Oh!” She yelled. Breathing loudly they gathered the little strength they had and got up. Meesa entered the shower feeling defeated.

“What have I done?” She asked herself. Letting the water soothe her, she stood crying.

Standing next to the bathroom door, Black heard her crying out loud.

“Man fuck, what if she leaves.” He asked himself.

Why did I do the shit anyway he thought. I know that I got a down ass chick here at home, so why did I fuck with Brandy and them other hoes. Passing each other without a word, Black went and took her place in the shower.

Meesa lotioned up and put on a T-shirt. Looking in the mirror, Black felt for the very first time, disgust. You risked your life for a piece of ass you dumb fuck, he thought. Getting under the covers with Meesa, Black wondered should he hold her. Thinking that she needed her space, he turned and faced the wall.

At 4:45 a.m, and after hours of contemplating leaving, Meesa finally did. Kissing Kyan on the forehead, she told him she loved him and that she would be back. Making sure he had enough breast milk to last a day or two, she tossed the suitcases into her truck. Looking back at her house she knew she had to leave. Not wanting anyone to know where she was, Meesa checked into a hotel.

6:01 a.m. and Black rolled over to a crunching sound. Opening his eyes to inspect the bed, he saw no Meesa. But instead found a note. It read:

Black,

I heard you over and over again last night when you said that you were sorry. But what you don't understand is that it takes more than I'm sorry. You've broken my heart to many times, and this will be the last time. I'm nothing without you and Kyan. But things are not the same for you. If they were, you wouldn't have jeopardized us for some ass. I do believe you when you say that you love me though. But your meaning of love and my meaning of love is two different meanings. I love you unconditionally and with all of my heart. From the moment I saw you, I loved you. I thank God everyday for you, and the joy you bring to me. But it seems to me that the bad times out weigh the good. Love is everything to me, and without it, I'm nothing. You and nobody else on this earth will ever understand the pain I feel. Nobody but me can say what is best for me, and right now, you are not right for me. You will one day see how much I need you. You pretend that I matter, but in all honesty, I don't. I'll still be here waiting though for you to one day return the love I have in my heart for you. The thoughts in my head are driving me crazy and I need to be alone to think. My heart hurts to leave Kyan, but right now, I have to. I'm no good to him or myself right now. The engagement ring you gave me is on the dresser, maybe Brandy would like it. Marriage is not something you want with me. So, I have no other choice, than to say no. I will not marry you Black. Black, I feel like the beat in my heart has gone. Why you feel as if you have to cheat is something I'll never know. I hope one day you can tell me why. My angel, the beat in my heart, my one, my every breath, you are. Why can't I mean that much to you, I'll never know. It really doesn't matter though, I'll see you and Kyan soon. By then I will have decided what I plan to do.

Meesa

Entering their front door was like entering a whole different world after the night before. Wearing her Jackie O sunglasses to conceal her puffy eyes, Meesa sat her bag down.

Going straight to Kyan's room, she found him peacefully sleep. Going into their bedroom she saw that their bed hadn't been made. Walking around the upstairs she saw no signs of Black. Becoming worried, she ran down the flight of stairs to find Ms. Rose entering the kitchen.

“Meesa child, you home, thank God! Girl, where have you been? I have been worried sick. Black called me at five in the morning telling me you ran away.”

Meesa couldn't help but laugh. Black would say she ran away.

“Now what in the hell is going on between you two?”

“Look Ms. Rose, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but you need to ask Black because I'm tired.”

“Tired of what Meesa, are you sick or something?”

“You could probably say that.” Walking pass Ms. Rose to get a glass of juice, Meesa continued on, “Ms. Rose I'm sick of a lot of shit.”

“Now wait a minute Meesa, I know this is your house, but respect me, ok.”

Checking herself, Meesa apologized. “Rose I love you dearly. I'm sorry for disrespecting you, but I'm sick of your grandson, my life, and everything else wrong in my life. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go check on my son.”

Deciding that Meesa had lost her mind, Ms. Rose hurried to call Black. “Hello? Black this is Rose, where are you?”

“I'm out riding, still trying to find Meesa. Why, have you heard anything from Mee Mee?”

“Yes, she's here. She just came in about a half an hour ago. Now since no one will tell me what's going on, I'm about to go home.”

“No wait Granny. Wait till I get home to leave. I need you make sure Meesa don't leave with Kyan.

“You think she'll actually take Kyan and leave?

“Man, I don't know right now what she'll do.”

“Well, Black she is acting a little crazy. When I asked her what was going on, she got smart with me. Now I know that's not like Mee Mee, so I let it slide. But whatever is going on between the two of you, ya'll need to get it together.”

“I'm on my way.” Black said hanging up.

Entering the house, Black didn't know what to expect. Approaching the living room, Black saw Ms. Rose, but no Meesa.

“Where is she?”

“She's still upstairs. Look Black, whatever happened last night to cause all this, has got to be bad.”

“Granny I cheated on her, ok!”

“Well, I figured that much fool. Well Black, you need to do everything in your power to get her back, because she is the best thing to happen to you. You do know that don't you?”

Yes Granny. Look, can you let us talk in private please?”

“Sure child, I'm tired.”

Shutting the door, Black gathered himself and made the walk up to the flight of stairs. Coming into their bedroom he spotted suitcases everywhere. So, she is planning on leaving with Kyan, he thought. Meesa reentered the bedroom from their walk-in closet. Startled, she jumped at the sight of Black.

“So what's up with the bags Shorty? I thought you left last night.

Ignoring his smart comment, Meesa continued to fold clothes.

Slowly recognizing his own clothes being folded Black questioned, “What you folding my clothes for?”

“I'm folding your clothes because you're leaving.”

“Leaving and going where Mee Mee?”

“Now see, that part is not really my problem Black. Frankly, I don't give a damn where you go just as long as you leave.”

“You must be out your damn mind if you think I'm moving out my own damn house. Shit, you must be smoking.”

“Black, I'm not going to argue with you okay, you're leaving.” Angrily Black started snatching clothes from the suitcases and out of Meesa's hand.

“Black, stop I ain't got time for ya shit, STOP!” She screamed.

Seeing he wasn't going to leave, Meesa pushed past him. Grabbing her arm he forced her to face him.

“Let me go Black! She yelled.”

“No, not until you listen to me.”

“Listen to you for what? What you gonna come with, that same tired rap that you love me and can't live without me?” Looking into his eyes she knew she was right.

“Yeah, I'm right. You know what Black, you ain't shit, and it's sad because I'm just now figuring that shit out. Hell, you already cheated on me once and I forgave you, because you swore up and down that you loved me and that you weren't going anywhere, and I believed your black ass. Now guess what, we're right back were we started. Let's just face the facts, you don't love me Black. You don't even know what the meaning of love is yet, do you!” She yelled in his face.

“Yeah.” Was all he could come back with in response.

“What sex Black, huh, money, jewelry? You don't' know shit dumb ass.” She spat, while yanking away from him.

Not wanting her to get away with hurting him, he shot back. “Whatever Mee Mee, fuck you! I'm tired of this shit too. I'm tired of kissing your spoiled ass. That's all you want, for somebody to kiss ya ass. You don't know shit either. Sitting up under me all day doesn't mean you know shit about love. I'm sick of ya ass too then.”

“Well, it's about time you came out and said the shit Black. I should've done this shit a long time ago. I'm tired of playing house with ya ass. Well, if you're so tired Black, leave then, shit. Kyan and I don't need you.”

“That's what you want me to do, huh, to leave my son?”

“No Black, I don't want you to leave Kyan. I want you to leave me. Look, we tried, it didn't work. You finally have the freedom to do you, and I'll do me. We'll work out something with Kyan.”

“So, that's what you really want?” Black questioned. Tired and defeated Meesa could only utter. “Yes.”

Only silence could fill the room. Black, for once, at a loss for words. Seeing she was serious, Black grabbed his keys off the bed.

Tears filled Meesa's eyes as she realized it was really over. Black fought back tears of despair.

“If that's what you want Shorty, than I'll leave.”

Black strolled out the bedroom, out of their house, and out of her life.

Running and grabbing the phone, Meesa dialed Destiny's number. Answering on the first ring, Destiny couldn't even get out hello. All she heard was crying.

“Meesa is that you?” Nothing was said, just weeping and hollering.

“Meesa honey calm down. What's wrong?”

Meesa tried her hardest to muster words. The room was starting to spin and she felt out of control.

“Meesa what happened? Did Black hit you?”

After a moment passed, and she was able to speak, she answered. “No Dee, it's over. I told him to leave.”

“Oh Meesa girl, it's going to be okay.”

“No it's not Dee, Black is my life. You don't know how hard I tried to hold on, and for what?” Anger started to fill Meesa.

“I gave my all to his ass and for what!” She yelled into the phone. “Why he have to lie to me Dee? We both grown, he could have just said he wanted to be with someone else. But no, he had to go and cheat!”

Knowing that her friend was hurt and confused Destiny sat and listened.

“What am I going to do now? I quit school to be with his ass. I don't have a job. My momma is probably turning flips in her grave right now Dee.”

“Meesa, you mean to tell me you ain't got any money saved up? I know Black was throwing money at you left and right.”

“I mean I got a little saved up, but not enough to last even a month Destiny.

“Well, you know I got you if you need anything.”

“Thanks Dee, but I'll think of something.”

“Meesa, I'm not questioning your decision, but are you really sure you want to leave Black?” For a second, she thought to herself, maybe I did move to fast. But thinking back on the events of last night reassured her decision.

“Yeah, I'm sure Dee. It's for the best. Black still has a lot of growing up to do.”

“Okay, then I understand.”

“Look, thanks for listening Dee.”

“No problem.”

“I'm tired, I need to take a nap, I'll call you later.” Hesitantly, Destiny got off the phone. Never had she heard Meesa in such a state. Destiny wondered if she should go over Meesa's house. After contemplating, she decided to trust her friend.





Allure


Rest is what Meesa needed. Emotionally drained wasn't the word, Meesa didn't even trust herself anymore. The only sane thing in her life was Kyan. He was getting so big and smarter each day.

A couple of weeks had passed since the breakup. At first, Black thought that after a couple of days, Meesa would change her mind. But soon he saw that he was wrong. So he stayed with Rose until he found a suitable condo. He and Meesa agreed he would get Kyan on the weekends. Missing his son during the week was an understatement. Black truly enjoyed spending time with his son.

Meesa tried to put on a happy face when Fridays came. She didn't want Black to see how much she was hurting. During the week, she walked around the house like a zombie. She didn't care that she looked crazy and deranged. But by Friday at 12 p.m., she was pulled together. She was always at the door ready and waiting for Black. They both chose to speak only the necessary. Things like, hi, how have you been, what time will he be back, and bye, all the while, stealing glances at one another.

Running low on cash, Meesa needed money, but she refused to ask Black for a dime. One night, after Black brought Kyan back home, Meesa found a wad of cash stashed in his baby bag. Even though they weren't together, Black still didn't want her to go without.

Deciding it was only right to call him and say thanks, Meesa called his cell.

Sitting at Kat's house counting money, Black answered, “Hello.”

Nervous, Meesa replied, “Umm hi.”

Black sat back on the couch and smiled at the sound of her voice.

“What's up?” He answered in his deep baritone voice? The bass from his voice spoke volumes.

“I just wanted to thank you. I appreciate the money you left in Kyan's bag. You didn't have to do that, and I just wanted to thank you.” Meesa said honestly.

“Oh, no problem. You know that if you need anything you can ask me, don't you?”

“Yeah, I know.” She spoke, almost in a whisper. Starting to fill uncomfortable, she hurried the conversation.

“Well, that's all I called to say, see you Friday.” Not really wanting the conversation to end, Black responded with a modest, “Okay.”

Lunchtime at the Cheesecake Factory was always busy. Meesa and Destiny sat and split a piece of chocolate cheesecake while Gwen sipped on a Latté. Each had spent an obscene amount of money in the mall.

It was Meesa's lucky day, she had lucked up on a pair of Christian Louboutin heels on sale. For the first time in a long time, she had a smile on her face. After much persistence, she finally decided to leave the house. It felt good to her to have on nice clothes again instead of sweats.

“Ooh girl, I'm gonna gain about ten pounds.” Destiny said while scarfing down the cheesecake.

“Please Destiny, as skinny as you is, you need to gain about ten pounds.” Gwen said laughing. They all laughed because Destiny was model-like thin. She never seemed to gain weight and the girl ate like there was no tomorrow.

“Let me go to the bathroom, I'll be right back.” Meesa said, while getting up from the table. Meesa didn't notice the eyes on her from across the room. While she made her way across the crowded restaurant, she rummaged through her purse. Not paying attention to what she was doing, she bumped into someone. Embarrassed, Meesa apologized.

“Oh, no problem, ma.”

Trying to avoid the eye contact he was giving, Meesa walked around him.

“Excuse me,” He spoke.

“Yes.”

“I know this might sound lame, but you are breathtaking.”

Meesa's cheeks burned red. “Thank you, that's not lame. It was a very sweet compliment.”

Damn, I haven't seen anybody this fine since Black she thought to herself. He stood 6 feet tall, medium build, with curly black hair.

His cinnamon complexion complemented his brown eyes, and the boy had style. He sported a Cardinal's baseball jacket, white T-shirt, dark baggy Diesel jeans, and vintage Air Jordan's. And he had bling to match.

“I know you're probably with somebody, right? You have to have a man?”

So used to turning cats down on the strength of Black, she answered, “Yes.”

“I knew it. Well, I had to try. Nice meeting you.”

What the hell are you doing? She thought. You and Black are not together.

“Hey wait.” She said, almost yelling.

“I'm sorry I'm not seeing anyone.” The guy stood puzzled. Trying to cover and not tell all her business, she motioned him over.

“Look, I was just kind of caught off guard so forgive me.”

“Oh, that's cool. I know you probably get hit on all the time. So, can I get your number so I can call you sometime?” “First of all, my name is Meesa. What's yours?”

“Damn, I'm bugging, my name is Mike.” After talking some more, they exchanged numbers and parted ways.

“Damn, it took you long enough hoe. Who was that you were talking to? Because he was fine.” Gwen questioned.

“His name is Mike, he's from the north side.” Meesa replied.

“I know him from somewhere, I just can't put my finger on it.” Destiny said.

“Well, he seems cool.” Meesa said. “Hell, if you don't want him, I do.”

“Shut up Gwen.”

“For real Mee Mee, you better call him. You and Black have been broken up now for a while.”

“Yeah girl, he might be the one to take your mind off Black,” Destiny suggested.

“I'm gonna call him okay, dang. Now let's go, Black will be at the house with Kyan in a minute.

“So you talk to her?”

“Yeah man I got her number. She ate that shit up. I played the whole good guy thing like you said. She fell for it.”

“Good, game her up real good.” Daryl spoke in a stern voice.

“I think Destiny might remember me though. She was staring at me real hard.”

“Man, by the time she realize who you are, shit will have already hit the fan. Call me back when you talk to her.”

“A'ight one.” Mike answered.

On the way to drop Gwen off, Black called to inform Meesa that he would be dropping Kyan off late.

With time to spare Meesa and Gwen caught a movie together. After seeing Gothika and being scared shitless, she dropped Gwen off at home.

Finally I'm home. Even after all this time, it still felt funny to walk into an empty house. It took some getting use to. Black's presence was still felt around the house. From the clothes of his that still hung in the closet, to the cologne he wore sitting on the bathroom sink.

Every morning, Meesa awoke to his face. The family picture of them still sat on the nightstand beside their bed. Mary J. Blige's new CD flowed through the speakers, while Meesa sat in the soothing hot bath water reminiscing.

Reminiscing on the old days of her and Black's relationship was all she could do. No man could take his place and she knew it. Even after all his bullshit, he still had her heart. And any new man she met had pretty big shoes to fill.

The new black Victoria's Secret negligee was a must to put on since Black would be coming soon.

“Hell, he might as well see what he's missing.” Meesa laughed to herself.

Soft spiral curls and a touch of makeup made up her look. This, by the way, was sinful. Black didn't stand a chance.

Ding Dong, Ding Dong!! Meesa checked herself in the mirror. Acting as if everything were normal, she opened the door.

“Hey baby.” She spoke, while taking Kyan from Black.

Oh, she doing it like that, Black thought to himself.

“Shush, he's asleep. Go and put him in the bed.” The sight was too much for Meesa.

Kyan lay asleep in his father's arms. He was as content as he could be. The soft curly tendrils of hair were all array. He was the most beautiful baby ever to Meesa.

“Okay. Was he good for you? He's been kind of fussy with me all week.”

“Oh you know how me and lil man do. He's always good with me.” He joked, while stroking Kyan's hair. Handing him to her, he accidentally touched her skin.

“Oh, alright. Well talk to you later.” She said, while trying to close the door.

“Ay um, let me use the phone? I left my cell in the car.”

“Come on in.” She anxiously spoke. Meesa hurried and took Kyan to his room, quickly undressing him and putting on his pajamas. Back in the kitchen, Black played like he had used the phone, knowing that he was only buying time. After a while, he met up with Meesa in the living room.

“Thanks for letting me use the phone.” I shouldn't have to ask to use shit, since I still pay all the bills.” Black thought.

“You're welcome.” Meesa wanted him to stay, knowing it the very minute she put on the negligee.

“Are you hungry, because I could fix you something if you want?” She said.

Yeah, hungry for you. But instead he replied, “Nah, but I can drink something”.

“You want a Smirnoff, I still keep some in the refrigerator?”

“Yeah, that's cool.”

She didn't know what she was getting herself into, but Meesa liked it. Having Black around made things feel right. Everything was in perspective when he was around. Black downed the Smirnoff in one gulp. They both sat in silence. Unsure of what to say or do next, silence and tension built. Urges started to arise.

“So how have you been?” He asked.

“I've been doing okay. I've started sketching again. And I've made a couple of new outfits.” Meesa lied.

“You?” Messa asked Black.

“Shit, I just have been doing the usual. Did I leave my red Polo shirt here?” Black asked.

“I think so, I'll go upstairs and look.” As she stood, the silk fabric clung to her hips. Black knew she was setting him up, but played along.

“I knew she missed you and me.” He said, talking to his dick after he felt a buzz.

Upstairs, Meesa searched for the shirt. Deciding that the game was over, he joined her. Memories of the day they broke up filled his head as he looked around. He hadn't been upstairs since that day. Everything was still the same. Spotting the shirt, Meesa stood to find Black standing in the doorway.

“You were taking too long so I decided to come help you.” They both eyed the king size bed. The sexual attraction between them was evident. It couldn't be denied no matter how hard they tried.

Traces of her body replayed in his mind.

Meesa couldn't believe how he bluntly eyed her. Why did he have to look so damn good? He had let his dreads grow and he seemed a little cockier in his arms. His lock's had grown and now reached his shoulders. Meesa bit her lower lip. Why in the hell did he have to be here now?

Looking at her the way he did, Black approached her slowly, taking the shirt from her hands gently. One strap fell off her shoulder as he pushed the other to the side. Meesa trembled at his touch. It had been so long since they communicated on such a level. Knowing the spot on her neck to turn her on he licked. Visualization of past events flooded her mind, Brandy, the club, the fighting, and crying herself to sleep at night.

It felt too good to stop now. Softly his lips brushed her shoulder. Leaning her head back, Meesa's body shuddered at his touch.

The next thing she knew her negligee was on the floor, and she was on the bed. Black's shirt was off and her hands traced his back. Gliding his hands up and down her thighs, he grabbed them and lifted one in the air, kissing and massaging them all at once. Meesa kissed the palm of his hand. Black removed himself from her thigh and to her mouth, kissing her erotically.

She savored his taste. Flashes of a wedding, flowers, and music ran through her mind. Black missed seeing her body. He missed her. No other female had this effect on him. He tried to move on, but Meesa's hold was just too strong. He looked into her eyes to see if she felt the same, but instead he saw doubt.

Stopping to ask, “What's wrong?”

Tears fell from her eyes. Black wiped each away.

“I'm afraid”

“Don't be.”

“Please Black, don't hurt me.” Speechless, Black saw the effect he had on her. He couldn't guarantee it, so he didn't say a thing. Instead, he kissed her lips tenderly. Sucking and licking them she moaned. His skin felt so good on hers. She ran her fingers down his spine. Making his way down, he found her inner being.

“Yes.” She whispered. Black held her thighs so tight, she couldn't move if she tried.

“Oh yes, umm.” She purred. (Flash) Brandy and tears. Shook she opened her eyes.

“Black stop.”

Lifting his head he replied, “You know you don't want me to.”

Swiftly he guided his way into her. It was all over, she couldn't stop now. It was all too unreal. Black watched her face as her lips quivered. He took a nipple in his mouth and probed and sucked. Meesa bucked and moaned with delight. Turning her over on her stomach he pushed himself in deeper. There was no air in sight. She tried to hold on but he was too much for her. Black quickened the pace. He laid on top her and held her hands. Biting the sheets, Meesa groaned from pleasure. Arriving at the same time, they both came. Black collapsed on top of her. They both laid breathing slowly with sweat covering them.

Dirty and ashamed, Meesa regretted what she had done. The whole situation was unnecessary. Sex was not the solution to their problems, and she knew it. Black, on the other hand, had a smile a mile wide.

Staring into space, Meesa sat and wondered why. Why had she let her emotions take control? Their problems were still there. She wanted a family, he wanted freedom.

Eyeing her he thought, “Here she go tripping and shit.” All Black could do was roll his eyes. The whole victim thing was getting old. Meesa had overplayed her hand this time.

“What are you sitting there looking all crazy for? Don't even answer, I already know!” He yelled.

“See, that's the shit I'm talking about right there. You started the shit and now you can't finish it. And you say I play too many games,” He angrily spoke.

Black jumped out of the bed and put his pants on. He was tired of Meesa and her mood swings. He couldn't give her what she wanted. She was right, they had tried and it didn't work. He loved her and wanted to be with her, but the life and streets were all he knew. And in the hood, a man will be a man.

Meesa sat up and pulled the covers over her exposed breast. Putting her hands in front of her face to hide the guilt was all she knew to do.

“You know what, you're crazy. I don't see how I didn't see this shit before, but you are crazy!” He yelled.

He wanted to hurt her and he was succeeding.

“I'm getting tired of this shit Meesa. It's either you gonna be with me, or leave me the fuck alone. You can't have it both ways Mee! I want us to get back together, but this shit got to stop! Either accept me the way I am or step! You want me as your sex partner or something! Nah, that's not it! You can't even do that shit right without tripping. All you do is bitch and moan.”

Dressed and ready to go, he stopped to say, “I'm up. I'll be here to get my son Friday. Don't do this shit again if you know you're not ready.” And, just as fast as he came, he went.

Meesa had played with fire and got burned. She only had herself to blame. But damn, why he had to come over looking good.

All the words Black spoke were true, except for the crazy part. Meesa thought she could handle being with him and letting him go afterwards. But it was just too much to handle all at once. She couldn't believe he came to her on some old you crazy type shit, but the shit was funny. He had the nerve to try to flip the script on her. Like she was the one bugging. And after all of that, she still loved him.

“Damn, why he couldn't be fat or something.” She laughed. All he does is sit and run his mouth all the time. The boy knew he was the shit, and Meesa loved being tied along with the whole Black street fame.

“Why can't I leave this nigga alone?” She questioned herself. I should apologize though, because I did start it. I will tomorrow. I'll go and find him and apologize, Meesa said to herself. With a clear head and conscious, she went to sleep.

Black awoke in a puddle of sweat. He had had the same recurring dream for the past couple of nights. Somebody was out to get him. It was always dark, so he could never see the person's face. In each dream, Black was always down and out: The money gone, Meesa gone, Kyan gone, the cars, houses, and territory gone. And at the end of each dream, the unknown assailant pulls out a 9mm gun and shoots, but before he realizes if he's dead or alive, he wakes up.

Black ran over and over again his list of enemies. There were a few, but none with enough balls to come after him. The dream still bothered him though. So he made sure he stayed strapped at all times.

Showering and getting dressed, Black met up with Kat and Perry. Since it wasn't that cold out, they all stood out on Perry's porch. Perry still stayed in the hood. With all the money he had, he still wanted to be on the block. Black loved going back to the hood. Shit was always popping off. The North Side of St. Louis was no joke. There was always some young nigga trying to come up. Some even got up the nerve to try to take his spot. But none ever succeeded in knocking Black off his ghetto throne. He had the hood on lock.

“Black, where were you at last night? I called your cell phone and shit but you didn't answer.” Kat asked, while rolling up.

“Man, I was at the house.”

“You was at your house. I tried calling there too.”

“Nah, I was at the other house with Meesa.” Really not wanting to speak on the night's events, he kept it short.

“Oh word. So ya'll back together? You know ya'll both crazy as hell. I'm surprised ya'll stayed broke up this long.” Perry laughed.

“Whatever nigga. Stay out my business.” Black grinned.

Unaware that his cell phone was off, he sat and got high.

“Damn, why he not answering the phone?” Meesa questioned.

Sitting in her Escalade, she checked herself in the mirror.

“He probably knows it's me and ain't answering on purpose. Okay think, if he's not at home or at Rose's then he'd be over Kat's.” So Meesa phoned Destiny's house.

“Hello?”

“Hey girl”

“What's up? Where are you at?”

“I'm out riding around. Hey, is Black over there?”

“Nah, I think that they over Perry's. Why, what's up?”

“Oh nothing. I just needed to ask him something.” Meesa lied. Destiny was her girl, but she didn't need to know all of her business.

“Oh well, they're over there.”

“Aight I'll call you later.”

“Damn cuz, my phone been turned off this whole time.” Three missed calls blared off the screen. Two calls from Meesa, and one from Brandy. Perry's stereo was on blast so Black stepped off the porch. Ringing was all he got at Meesa's. So he called Brandy back. In her sultry voice she answered, “Hello?”

“What's up?”

“You call me?” He questioned?

“Yes, I called you. I wanted to see if I could come through.”

“That's cool, I'm over Perry's crib right now. You know where he stay?”

“Yeah, I think I do.”

“Well, swing through then, I'll be here.”

“Okay. I'll be over there in a minute.” Black and Brandy still hooked up occasionally. The girl did some wild tricks in the bed. And her head game was off the chain. They had an understanding that it was strictly sex. Brandy could never be his woman, she was too wild for him. She was only good for one thing and Black got it whenever he wanted it.

Meesa rolled down Ferguson Ave. and spotted Black immediately. He looked like the American flag with all the red, white, and blue he had on. He looked good as usual. Meesa didn't look too shabby herself. The fitted brown leather jacket cupped her breast nicely. She had it zipped down to the crease of her chest, exposing her platinum diamond necklace. Her Seven jeans hugged her hips and ass tight, and to top it off, she rocked the Timberland Manolo Boots. The night of ruff sex had messed up her do, so Meesa threw her hair up in a ponytail. Black peeped the truck immediately knowing it was her.

“Damn!” He cursed.

“What's wrong with you,” Kat asked?

“Meesa just pulled up.

“Okay and.” Perry spoke unaware.

“Dude, I just told Brandy to come through.”

“Damn nigga, ya shit is all fucked up.” Perry laughed.

“Here she comes, shut up.

“Hey ya'll.” Meesa said, wondering why they all avoided her eyes.

“What's up Mee Mee?” Kat and Perry said at the same time.

“Perry, I'm sorry for just popping up over here, but I needed to speak to Black.”

“Oh, no problem. You know you're always welcome.” He answered.

Black stood puzzled. He wanted to hide for the first time in his life. Meesa's words came to him slowly.

“Black, can I talk to you?” She asked nervously. Knowing the only way to get her to leave was to give her the cold shoulder he did.

“Nah, I'm cool.”

Damn, I knew he was mad, but damn she thought. Okay, let's try this again.

“You can't come down here to talk to me?” She questioned, with an attitude. Perry and Kat sat quietly in the background. Shit was about to hit the fan.

“Nah, why you come over here anyway? You know I ain't got nothing to say to you.”

Oh hell no, this nigga must have forgotten who I am. He had a right to be mad, but the attitude had to go. Meesa was not about to be fronted on.

“So, it's like that Black?” Meesa questioned, to know where they stood.

“Meesa, I ain't got anything to say to you, so just go home.” He spoke, while flicking a cigarette in her direction.

Sucking her teeth, Meesa rolled her eyes in disbelief.

Then Brandy pulled up. Stepping out her car, she made her way across the street. All eyes followed her. Wondering what they were staring at, Meesa turned. Brandy walked passed Meesa and up the steps to Black. Knowing that they were no longer together, she kissed Black on the cheek. Black didn't even flinch. His eyes stayed focused on Meesa. Tears stung her eyes, but she held them back.

Eyeing her up and down Brandy grinned.

“Hey ya'll.” Brandy spoke.

“What is she doing here Black?” Brandy questioned. The words snapped Meesa back to reality.

“What the fuck do you mean, what am I doing here? Bitch, that right there is all me.” Meesa was on fire. She took the steps two at a time in 4 inch stilettos.

“Exactly what I said, what are you doing here? Black invited me over here. So he ain't too much yours.” Brandy retorted.

Face to face, Meesa let it be known, “Bitch, I don't give a damn if Jesus himself asked you over here!”

“Who are you calling a bitch? Bitch!” Brandy spat back.

Black grabbed Brandy's neck so fast it shocked everyone. Choking her, he told her, “I don't know who in the fuck you think you talking to, but you need to chill!

“A'ight!” He yelled.

“Man let her go.” Kat said, trying his damndest to pull him off of her.

“Remember where you at nigga. People are out here looking and shit!” Calmed down, he loosened his grip.

Brandy gasped for air.

Slap, was all you heard next.

Brandy had hit Black so hard, even the dead heard it.

Before he could even react, Meesa had already stepped up. Hitting her with a one-hitter quitter to the jaw, Meesa dropped her.

Brandy could only hold her face. She was too afraid to fight back, knowing Black would whoop her ass in a second. While amped up, Meesa checked her.

“You need to realize something sweetheart, even though me and him are not officially together, that's still me.” Pointing at Black, she continued.

“What you think, I don't know that you and him fuck around. Let's all be real, that's all you are, you ain't shit but a fuck. You ain't seeing the same shit I'm seeing. You driving a two-door Honda, Brandy. I'm pushing Benzs, and Escalades. You see, he don't care about you.”

“And he care about you.” Brandy countered. “Remember, he was fucking me while he was still with you.” She had her there. How could she down her when she had been just as stupid.

Meesa and Brandy were in the same boat. Both couldn't get out of whatever it was they shared with Black. Stupid is what stupid does, and they both were stupid. Meesa was doing the very thing she vowed she would never do. (Fight over a man) Checking herself, she gathered her pride and dignity.

“Brandy, you're right. Black don't care about me. Yes it's true, he played me. But the difference between me and you is the fact that I'm not stuck on stupid. Black and I are through, and I'm happy that I got out when I had the chance to. So, in some odd way, I thank you. You and Black can continue to do whatever it is you all do, I'm through. I'm through with the whole situation. I have a son to take care of, and this Jerry Springer shit ain't for me.”

Turning her back on Brandy, she spoke to Black just above a whisper.

“I'm not gonna even clown with you. You know, I actually came over here to apologize for last night. I am so happy I never got a chance to. You made me feel this big last night, but you know what Black, you do you. If this is what you want.” She said, looking at Brandy with disgust.

“Then you go get it. You do you and I'll do me. Perry and Kat, I'll talk to you whenever.” With a newfound confidence, Meesa walked down the steps and out of his life.





One Monkey Don't Stop No Show


Black couldn't deal with all the drama that was in his life. He had to just break out. Driving around in his ride, he tried to assess the situation. So much bad shit was happening, he started to think that he had been rooted. It was officially over for him and Meesa. The truth was out and now he had to try and find a way to get on with his life. At least he still had Kyan. Or, would she start tripping and not let him see his son. Black pushed the thought out quickly, reminding himself that Meesa wasn't that silly. She would always want him to be a part of Kyan's life. Kyan was still a part of his life, even if she wasn't.

Never look back, she thought as she sat at a nearby gas station.

“Just keep it moving mama.” She assuredly told herself. Scrolling through the numbers on her cell, she dialed Mike.

“Hello.” He answered in a deep voice.

“Hi Mike, this is Meesa. The girl you met in the mall the other day.”

“As if I could forget.” He said.

“What's up mama?”

“Oh nothing, I'm just out and about.” She stated trying her best not to sound pressed.

“Oh, for real?”

“Yeah, I was wondering, if you're not busy, if you'd like to meet up?”

Smiling, he answered deviously, “Yeah. Where do you want me to meet you?”

“Umm…(Thinking) how about Heman Park.”

“Okay cool. I'll see you there in a bit.”

Checking herself in the rearview mirror, Meesa saw that she looked straight. “What a better way to move on than to move on with another man.” She laughed.

Fifteen minutes passed as she sat and waited for Mike. Then all of sudden he pulled up in front of her. His 2004 gold Jag matched him perfectly. He stepped out looking better than before. He had a fresh cut. Now sporting a low cut instead of the curly look, he looked like a light skinned Puerto Rican. His mustache was cut and trimmed, and his clothes were crisp as they were when she met him.

Sashaying over to him, she greeted him with a hug. Mike wrapped his arms around her tiny waist catching a good glimpse of her ass. Letting each other go, he looked at her and licked his pink lips.

“That was nice. I didn't know I was going to get all of that.”

“You deserve it. You came as soon as I called. I appreciate that. You want to hop in my car and sit, it's cold.” She asked. It was getting late.

“No problem.” This wouldn't be hard at all. To Mike, it made things even better that Meesa was a dime. He would have no problem getting next to her. Hell, he wished he could get with her for real, but business was business. Meesa turned on the heat and the radio.

“I have to say, you looking real good.” Meesa couldn't help but blush. She loved compliments.

“Thanks. You're not looking too bad yourself.”

“Look Meesa, I find it hard to believe that somebody as fine as you are ain't got a man.”

“Well it's true. I just got out of a relationship.”

“Oh so I'm the rebound brother.” He laughed.

Yeah she thought to herself, but instead opted for, “It's not like that at all. I'm going to be real with you, I'm fresh out of a long term relationship. So, I don't want to rush whatever's going to happen between us.”

Nodding his head, Mike agreed. “I can dig that. I'm willing to do whatever you need me to do. I'm sorry, but I can't stand being this close to you and not being able to touch you.”

Mike bluntly stated, “Is it okay if I hold your hand?

“Yeah, you can.”

Putting a perfectly manicured hand in his, things felt right for once. Mike and Meesa sat back and just let the slow music take them over. It had been so long since she felt at peace. With Black, there was so much trying. For the first time, things just flowed.

Through their conversation, Meesa learned that Mike owned a barber shop on the Northside. Also he owned a carwash. He lived by himself and didn't have any kids. He seemed to like the fact that Meesa had a son, and offered that whenever she was ready, that he would love to meet Kyan.

Wondering how Black would feel about another man being around his son, she just smiled. Two hours passed and the sun set. Hugging each other goodbye Mike told her he would call her later. Watching her leave, he called Daryl.

Not even letting the phone ring once, Daryl quickly answered.

“So how did it go?” He asked, anxiously.

“Calm down man. Everything went as planned. She confirmed that her and Black aren't together anymore, but she never actually said his name though. I guess she thought it might scare me off or something.”

“Yeah, cats out here straight up fear that dude. That nigga ain't put in no work like me.”

Rolling his eyes, Mike continued. “Anyway, we talked for a bit and decided we'd hook up later this week.”

“Good, Good. Keep it up. Give me an update later, a'ight.”

“A'ight.” Mike repeated. Mike started to think that Daryl was obsessed. All he ever talked about was how he was going get that nigga Black back.

Mike came all the way out from Cali to help Daryl. Mike was supposed to get next to Meesa, and floss the shit in Black's face. A slow build up to the real mission. Take his spot in the hood, and kill Meesa and the baby. Then leave him wondering who did it and why. But would things go as planned?

Over the course of a couple of weeks, Mike and Meesa grew closer. He always treated her with the utmost respect. They were taking it slow just like she wanted. Mike wined and dined her, but she made it clear that she didn't want anything from him. Black still supported her and she would respect him enough to not let Mike buy her things too. Sooner or later she would have to let Black's money go and be with Mike. Not being quite sure yet, she let things ride for a little while longer.

On one particular afternoon, her and Mike strolled through the mall hand in hand, not knowing Black, AJ and Kat were there too. Sitting on a bench, AJ spotted a bad ass female. Her back was turned, but from what he could see, she was fire. She had long honey blond hair, and a banging body to match. The only thing was her back was turned. Eyeing her to see how her face looked, he saw that it was Meesa, but Meesa wasn't alone. She was hugged up with some light skinned dude. Knowing it was only right, he went to tell Black. He didn't want to, but Black was his boy.

“Ay Black cuz, I ain't trying to put salt in your game, but ain't that Meesa over there with some dude?”

The thought made Black's upper lip curl. He wasn't sure if he wanted to see. The sight might push him over the edge. Kat made the situation worse by confirming his worst nightmare.

“Yeah, that's her. Ay dog, you want me to handle this nigga for you?” Kat questioned. Who in the hell would have the nerve to even look in Meesa's direction he wondered. Curiosity killed the cat so Black looked.

There Meesa stood gazing up into some other man's eyes. Her arm was around his waist and his around hers. He hadn't seen her smile like that in awhile. She used to look at him like that. Black's eyes turned blood shot red with fury. The boy was dead for sure.

All this time she was seeing some dude, and never even cared to mention it. Every time he came to get Kyan she always played it cool. Throwing down the vintage Airforce Ones, Black made his way out the store. Kat and AJ followed ready for whatever.

Out of the corner of her eye, Meesa spotted a figure coming at her full force. Looking over her shoulder there was Black. Meesa had never been so scared in her life, but she continued to play it cool. The man had cheated on her numerous times. Hell, they weren't even together, so it wasn't like she was cheating.

“What's up Meesa baby?” Black spoke with daggers in his eyes.

Oh, he really fronting Meesa laughed on the inside.

Mike turned to face Black. This is what he had been waiting for. Finally, he was face to face with the almighty Black.

Looking down at Meesa he asked, “Do you know this nigga baby?”

“Yo, I'm gonna let that shit slide cuz. I understand you don't know any better, but you only got that one time to disrespect me. You must not know who I am, do you?” Black laughed.

“Meesa, introduce me to your friend.” He said, with a wicked grin. Playing along with Black's game, she introduced them to one another.

“Mike sweetie this is Black.”

“Okay, so you're Black. Is that supposed to mean something to me?” Mike said with his grimy face on.

Interrupting Mike, Meesa continued, “Mike this is Black, Kyan's father. This is my ex that I was telling you about.”

“So you talk about me to this nigga?” Black quizzed.

“Don't get it twisted nigga, she only mentioned you like once or twice. We have better things to do than to sit up and discuss you.” Mike spoke confidently, all the while squeezing Messa's waist more firmly.

Black clinched his jaw. Black didn't want a lot of attention on him and his boys so he maintained his composure.

“Meesa, I'll see you later this week when I come and pick up my son.” He said seductively, while kissing Meesa on the cheek.

Walking up on Mike, he whispered, “I'll catch you another day nigga.”

In the comfort of her home, Meesa sighed with relief. Black was crazy and she was sure that he was going to do something to Mike. She had to stop him. Mike didn't deserve any of this. She knew this day was going to come, but why so soon?

Beat, Beat, Beat!!!

It could only be Black beating on the door. Opening the door slowly she softly gazed up at him. His eyes, on the other hand, were cold. Pushing the door open, he pushed passed her. Meesa closed the door and got ready for a fight.

“Has that nigga been in my house?” Black asked calmly.

“No. I wouldn't do that Black.”

“Has he been around my son?”

“No, he has only seen a picture of Kyan.”

“So, while you're out with this nigga, where is my son?”

“Hold up Black don't even go there. Because first of all, I don't have to explain shit to you!” She shouted, getting angry.

“I don't want that old punk ass nigga around my son!” He yelled back. “Do you understand?”

“If I want him to be around Kyan, I will let him! You don't run shit over here Black! I am not your child! So get it together! Now do you under….”

All words were left in her brain. Black had slapped her so fast she didn't know if he had or hadn't. A little dazed she shook her head to clear her vision.

Paralyzed, Black stood unsure of himself. He couldn't even believe what he had done. Seeing her so hurt, tears fell from his eyes. This is what he had feared his whole life. He was now his father. Flashbacks of his mother laid out crying entered his head. Images of bruises crossed his mind. Then the images turned into Meesa. He saw her with black eyes, bruises, and him standing over her. Bringing him back to the now was the force of Meesa's blow to his face. He tried to restrain her that only made her even madder. Not able to hit him anymore, she spit in his face. Immediately he let her go. Disgusted with himself and the whole situation, he wiped his face.

“What happened to us?” He asked her.

“What has happened to us? What happened to us? You happened to us! Look at my face! You hit me Black! You said you would never hit me.” She cried hysterically.

“He hit me.” She kept whispering to herself. “When are you going to grow up and be a man Black?”

“What you mean, I am a man! Don't I take care of you? Don't I take care of my son? I keep a roof over your head and a million others!”

“You giving me money and buying me expensive things don't make you a man Black. You hurt others and don't even care. You can't even keep your word. All you do is spit lines. I don't even know what to believe anymore. You are a selfish, ignorant ass nigga. Do you like hurting others before they hurt you? Is that it? I can not spend my time wondering where you are and who you are with. You promised that you would never put me in harm's way. But look, you're the one constantly hurting me.” She said sincerely.

“I'm out here Meesa everyday in the streets hustling to keep a roof over our heads and clothes on our backs, and a nigga gets stressed! Do you know how much shit I put up with everyday! People always got they hand out begging! Niggas out here beefing with me! The police and the feds constantly watching me! And yeah, I do stupid shit! And I can't explain to you why I do it, because I don't even understand why I do it! All I want is to come home to a clean house with some food on the table! But hell, a nigga can't even get that without hearing your damn mouth!”

“Oh, hold up Black!” Meesa yelled back.

“All I did was take care of your ass! So, don't even go there! I accept the fact that you do what you do! And I respect that! I know it's hard out there in the streets. That's why I tried to make things less complicated for you at home!”

Tired and weary, Meesa tried to catch her breath. Calming down some she spoke softly.

“All I ever wanted from you is to be real with me. I have been nothing but honest with you about my feelings. Black, I understand what you went through as a child, and maybe you still have some hang-ups about that. But I can't be the one you trample on in the process. Look at what you did to me. You are killing me, I'm tired of you hurting me. It seems as if that's all you do, and I don't want to hurt you. But if we continue on like this, I'm going to end up hurting you. These are the last tears you'll see come from me over you Black.” She rebutted.

“I never meant to hit you. You know that don't you?” He asked sincerely.

“I don't know what to believe anymore. Put yourself in my shoes. Would you believe anything I had to say?”

“Nah.” He answered. “But look I am sorry. Trust that this shit will never happen again.”

“Oh, I know it won't. After tonight I don't want to see you anymore. We need to not be around each other for a while. On Fridays, I'll drop Kyan over Rose's house. You can pick him up from there.”

Black rubbed his throbbing head. Meesa packed a mean punch.

Frustrated, he silently walked by her and out the door. Meesa stared at herself in the mirror. The right side of her face was red. That was the first time a man had ever hit her. Hurt was all she could feel. All the anger and pain she felt couldn't subside the fact that she still loved Black.





Officially Not Missing U


By morning, Meesa's face had cleared up. Half of the night, she sat up and looked at his handprint. His huge handprint covered her entire right cheek. Looking back at her in the mirror was someone she didn't even recognize anymore. Meesa had officially lost herself. The last past year of her life, she had tried to hold onto something that never really was hers.

Yes, Black did love her, but in some strange odd way, there was always something missing. Maybe what we had been was all there was. Maybe I was wrong, maybe Black isn't the one. But this all has to mean something. I have to take something from this thing we shared. Maybe the lesson is: What looks good to you ain't always good for you!! Miss Anne always said that to her. She had wanted him so bad that she put aside common sense for what was supposed to be love. Meesa thought she would be the one to change Black. So many females wanted him, and by luck, she was the one to get him. She had gotten what she wanted, but at what price?

Throughout their relationship, Meesa put aside her goals and dreams. She couldn't blame Black as he never asked her to. She did what most females do throughout their lives, PUT A MAN FIRST!!! Staring back at her was a weary young woman. This woman was searching for answers. Answers she could only give. Getting back to the core of who she was would be hard, but it was something she was determined to do. There would be no more thinking about Black twenty-four hours a day. No more going back and trying again. No more wishing him to be there. Meesa had to please one person and one person only, herself.

Staring at the fire, Black smoked his last Black 'N Mild. Looking at the fire reminded him of his life. Stable, but yet unsteady. He had picked up the phone to call Meesa and check on her, but hung up each time. She didn't want to hear from him and he knew it.

The not seeing each other thing would not work for him. Black had to be around Meesa, she kept him sane. Without her, he would most definitely go crazy. And this dude being in her life drove him out of his mind. Black knew he had to get shit back on track.

Making a list of things to do, he jotted down his priorities. Number one: Get Meesa back.

Number two: Kill Mike.

Number three: Get out of the game.

Number two wasn't really a priority, but if Mike pushed him, it would be.

Blowing the smoke through his nose, Black replayed the sight of seeing Meesa with Mike. Black hadn't been that heated since last seeing his father. Meesa knew how to push him. She knew him seeing her with another man would kill him. Yes, they were broken up, but to him Meesa would always be his. He had never even imagined the fact that Meesa would move on. To him, Meesa would always be there waiting.

Black eventually would settle down and commit to Meesa and he really expected her to be there when he was ready. Getting with Meesa was the best thing he had done in life, and in all reality, Black knew he treated Meesa bad. He never meant to, but circumstances led him down the wrong path in his mind. He never wanted to be the man he was, but somehow, he had become his father. Hitting Meesa broke him down mentally. It was like an out of body experience. Black saw himself raising his hand, but couldn't stop himself in time. All he wanted was for Meesa to listen to him. But somehow he couldn't control her. She was out of his reach. At that moment, he felt like he was losing her for good. Black's whole mental state was fucked up. Since being with Meesa, he had silently became a mirror image of his father. He knew she was the best woman he would ever find. Black wanted Meesa but also wanted the life. He couldn't have both. So he lavished Meesa with gifts to cover up the guilt he felt. Wanting to keep Meesa and his lifestyle had become too much to handle. Like his father, he broke Meesa down. But, in Black's case, not intentionally. He never even realized what he was doing.

Was abuse a family trait? Or was it something he got on his own? Black wondered. He didn't want to be that man he was anymore. He wanted to change. Hell, he had to if he wanted Meesa back. She was stronger than he thought. Hearing Kyan crying, Black parted ways with the Black 'N Mild. Holding his son, he promised that his family would eventually reunite. Black didn't want Kyan to grow up in a broken home like he did.

Not wanting Kyan to hate him like he hated his father, he vowed to change.





Love & Life


Her friends and Mike had called and called, but Meesa stayed cooped up in the house. She didn't want anyone to know that Black had hit her. By the second day, Destiny had had enough. She thought maybe Meesa had been hurt, so she dropped by without calling.

“Who is it?”

“It's me Meesa, open up!” Destiny yelled through the door.

“Damn.” Meesa spoke to herself.

“Meesa, I know that something is wrong. Come on open up.” Not having any other choice but to, she did.

“Meesa, what the hell happened to your face?”

“Nothing.” Was all she could say.

“What you mean nothing? Who hit you? Did Mike do this?

“No.” She said, while waving her off.

“Well, who did this? (Silence)

“Oh my God no, Black didn't do this did he? Please tell me he didn't Meesa?” (More Silence)

Gasping, Destiny hugged her so tight.

“I can't breathe Dee.”

“Oh I'm sorry, did I hurt you?”

“No, I'm alright. You want something to drink?” Meesa asked.

“Don't even try it Meesa. We are going to talk about this. Where is Kyan?”

“He's not here.”

“Whether you want to or not Meesa, we're going to talk about this.”

“Look, I'm getting ready to go upstairs.”

“Okay, we'll talk up there.”

Meesa did not want to hear no shit that she already knew. How, if he hit you once he'll do it again, and you can do badly all by yourself. She knew this and it was already driving her crazy. Flipping through the channels on her flat screen TV, Meesa avoided Destiny's eyes.

“You can ignore me all you want, but I'm going to talk anyway.”

“Go ahead and talk Destiny.” Meesa said aggravated.

Turning off the TV and throwing the remote down, she gave Destiny a now what look.

“Meesa honey, I know how you're feeling right now. When I was with Daryl, he used to treat me like shit, and I stayed because I thought hell, look how he spoiling me. Yeah, he was fucking other females. But I was in a state like he ain't throwing money at these other bitches like he doing me, so why should I leave.”

Messa quickly cut Destiny off. “First of all, your situation and mine are totally different. Daryl was crazy. Black may be a lot of things, but crazy ain't one of them okay.”

“I understand that Mee Mee, but look, Black is hurting you far more badly than Daryl could have ever hurt me. Black is hurting you emotionally. Daryl hit me and called me out my name all the time, but you see I wasn't in love with him. I was in love with the money and the life style. What you and Black have goes way deeper. Ya'll have a baby together. That right there alone is leaving you feeling obligated to hold on. Don't get me wrong, Black loves you, and we both know that you still love him. But ya'll have issues.”

“I know Dee, and believe you me, I have tried to let go. But every time I try, I think back on how it used to be. I mean, I can't let go. Black is everything to me. Hell, I can't even grasp how much him being in my life means to me. I guess, maybe because he's the first man to really love me. You know I sit and wonder all the time what it would have been like if I knew my dad.” Tears welled in her eyes.

“My own daddy didn't even love me Dee. Do you know how it feels to go through life wondering why? I mean, yeah my mom was great Lord bless her soul, but I always wanted to at least meet him once. Just to see how he looked.”

Crying along with her, Destiny stroked her hair.

“All this time I thought you didn't even trip off him anymore. I mean you never talk about it.”

“I haven't really tripped off it since I been with Black. With him, I finally had the love I've been looking for my whole life. Black has taken care of me and loved me all the way through. Dee, when I opened my heart up to love him I gave my all. If we are really through, I can't love anybody else, because I have none left to give. But I have come to realize that I do need to work on myself. Before I even attempt to get into another relationship, I'm going to have my shit straight. I know that I can't count on nobody else's love but my own. I'm sitting here wanting Black to love me, when really I don't even love myself, so I'm going to get myself straight. But I honestly can say that after I do, I still don't think I'll love anybody else again.” Through the tears, Meesa fought to clarify her whole being.

“Meesa girl, it may take some time, but you will be able to love again.” Destiny reassuringly replied.

“Dee, you don't get it, I don't want to be with anybody else.” Now standing she continued.

“He hit me yeah, but I know in my heart why it happened. He did it because he was hurt. He saw me and Mike together Dee, and I rubbed it in his face.”

“Which you should have Meesa. That nigga has cheated on you I don't know how many times. So, damn right, you should have rubbed that shit all in his face.” Destiny retorted back.

“Dee, you don't understand, I knew the shit would push him over the edge, and I did it anyway.”

Destiny was still sitting with a ‘so what’ look, so Meesa explained further.

“Look Dee, I never told you this, but Black's daddy killed his mother.”

Destiny gasped.

“His father used to beat his mom's all the time, and Black used to witness the shit. It has fucked him up in the head severely. He has been afraid since day one that he'll end up being like his dad. That's why Black does the shit he does. He opens himself up and then shuts down again, and when he hit me, he let himself down. Black is just as afraid of losing me as I am him, and with all the stuff that's been going on between us, I guess it just built up.”

“That still doesn't give him the right to hit you though Mee Mee. You shouldn't have to rationalize why it happen.”

“I know that Dee, but I also understand why it happened. We are all we got. We are each other's family, and if we lose each other, we ain't got nothing.”

Black hadn't hit the streets in days. Everybody was wondering what was up. Black knew he had to get his shit together before he killed somebody.

Everything he cherished in life was being torn apart. But today he sat in a chair waiting. He had not seen his father since the day before he killed his mother.

Too much had taken place now. He knew only one person could give him answers.

Black had tried to block this part of his life out, but it always seemed to call him. Despite the odds, he had made it. It may have been by illegal means, but he still had accomplished things his father never did. Black was nervous though. He had intentionally avoided any contact with his father. Black hated his father for what he did to his mother, but right now he needed his father more than ever. Black fidgeted with nervous anticipation. It had been twenty years since they had laid eyes on one another. Black had wondered what he looked like now. Growing up, people always said he looked just like his dad. Now he would get to see if this still rang true.

In came a man with shackles around his hands and feet. His dark skin now a little wrinkled, but he still had a pretty decent build for a man in his fifty's. Ron Patterson had a head full of gray hair. His eyes weren't clear anymore like in his youth. Now, they were filled with sorrow and regret. But Black still saw himself in his father. Black picked up the phone, Ron did too. He couldn't believe his ears when the guards told him his son was here to see him. He thought Black would never step through the prison doors unless he was being brought in himself. They sat for a second and observed one another. His son looked good. Ron could tell he was making money. Black finally decided to speak.

“So, how you been?”

“I've been hanging in there man. How are you?”

“I'm cool man.” (Silence)

“So how is Rose?”

“She's fine, I just bought her a new house. She's doing good.”

“So, you doing big things I see.” Ron said, while eyeing Black up and down.

“Yeah, I'm doing okay.” Black laughed.

“You got any kids?”

“Yeah, I got a little boy. He looks just like me.”

“How old is he?”

“He's only like five months.”

“Are you taking care of him?”

“Yeah man, I'm taking care of my son.” Black answered angrily.

“I'm not trying to upset you Black, I just wanted to know if you were doing right by him. Being that I wasn't there for you.” Ron said.

“I understand man.” Black responded, calming down.

“Are you with his momma?” The thought of Meesa brought sadness to his face.

“You don't even have to answer, I can tell by the look on your face. You got the same look I have when I think about your mother.” Ron spoke in a low voice. Black looked into his father's eyes as he spoke.

“You love her to death don't you?”

Black nodded yes.

“She's everything you ever wanted and you can't handle it can you?”

“Yeah man, how you know?” Sighing, Ron remembered Teresa.

“I'm not gonna sugar coat shit, a'ight Black? I wake up everyday and think of your mother. I eat, sleep, and breathe your mother. This jail shit, don't mean shit to me, because when I took your mother's life, I took mine as well. When I got with your mother, she was young and beautiful, and I knew she worshiped me. I knew that your mother would never leave me. I didn't deserve her. Your mother only wanted to make me happy, but I was still so afraid that she'd leave me. I couldn't offer her anything but me. I didn't think that was enough. I ain't have no high school education. I couldn't afford nice things to give her, but she still loved me.

I blamed all my shortcomings on her to try and ease my pain. Man, I ain't trying to get into all of this with you, because what I did is unjustified, and I can't take it back. You probably hate me, and I can't blame you if you do. But, if you're going through life hurting because of me, man don't. Black you may look like me but you aren't me. You are doing well for yourself.”

Whispering into the phone, he added, “But don't depend on the shit you doing forever.”

Black nodded in agreement.

“You don't have to turn out like me if you chose not to. If you love this woman, then love her Black. If I could go back and do things over, I would. But I can't, you can though.”

“Man, it may be too late. I have done some fucked up shit, but I love her too much to let her go.” Black answered.

“I know she's the one, but it's hard.”

“It's only hard if you make it hard Black. My time is almost up, so listen. Black, if you love her like you say you do, then step your game up. Love doesn't have to hurt. I thought that and look where it got me. Live your life and enjoy it. Stop living your life through me and live it through your eyes. We all have choices, I chose to make the wrong ones. You don't have to do the same.”

“Times up.” The prison guard said.

“It was nice seeing you Black. If you don't do anything else in life that I say, please do this.”

“A'ight man.” Black spoke sincerely.

Black didn't anticipate that hanging up would be so hard. Years behind bars had changed the once bitter man. Black didn't want to become that way. He didn't want to end up hurting Meesa or himself in the long run.

Now was the time to make a change. Black had to get his mind right, money tight, and Meesa and him back together.





Get the Best Of Me


Laughing over cocktails, Mike gazed deeply into Meesa's eyes. When she hadn't returned his phone calls, he assumed that she and Black were back together, but to his surprise, he had never been more wrong. Meesa shared with him that her and Black were officially over. She told him she wanted to get to know him more.

He liked the idea. Mike told her he was there for her whenever she needed him, and that when she was ready, he was willing and able to take care of her. Meesa countered with a firm no thank you. Never again would she allow herself to be taken care of. Finally, she had gotten back to the basics.

In a month's time, she had designed three new outfits. She began to read more, and take time to explore new things. Meesa had started to educate herself. Going to museums and studying art inspired new designs each time she went. She even started taking Spanish lessons. Life had become fun again. She and Kyan went to mommy and me classes together. Being with Kyan always made life easier. Her and Black hadn't crossed paths in over a month, and to her that was more than fine.

“So you ready to order?” Mike questioned.

“Yes, I'm starving. I have been eating like a horse here lately. I don't know what's wrong with me. I know I've gained a couple of pounds.”

“You look good to me. Damn good,” Mike said, smiling.

Looking away, Meesa wondered how long she could hold Mike off. He was everything she wanted in a man. Each time they went out their kisses got longer and longer, and his kisses were so sweet. The boy knew how to work his tongue. Meesa was definitely attracted to him. But being in a relationship with him was another thing. Enjoying his company and being together were two different things. Meesa, being the person she is, didn't want to hurt his feelings.

“Hey, are you alright?”

Coming back to reality Meesa smiled. “Yeah, I'm okay. I just have a lot of stuff on my mind.”

“Anything you care to talk about?”

“No, I'll be alright.”

“Okay, then let's order.”

With dinner finished, Mike and Meesa shared dessert.

“Here open up.” Meesa teased.

“Oh, so you want to feed me?”

“Yes. Now open up.” Meesa demanded.

Slowly, gliding the spoon of ice cream into his mouth, Meesa felt a little turned on. Mike's lips were so soft and beautiful. Any women would die to even touch them. It was very sad to her that she couldn't feel more for him.

“It's good huh?”

“I bet you would taste better.”

“Whatever Mike.” Meesa laughed.

While laughing, Meesa became suddenly queasy. It was like she was having a major hot flash.

“Are you hot?”

“No, I'm cool, but you must be burning up. You have a little sweat bead on your forehead.”

Embarrassed, Meesa excused herself to go to the restroom. Meesa tried splashing a little water on her face. Grabbing a towel, she patted her face dry. Staring into the mirror she noticed her face had become flushed. Feeling better, she regrouped and joined Mike back at the table. Mike stood to help her with her chair.

“Are you coming down with something?”

“I don't think so. I'm sorry, I don't know what that was. All of a sudden I just felt queasy. But it passed so quickly.”

“Well, I hope you're not coming down with food poisoning.”

“No, this is a five star restaurant. I'm cool.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, I'm sure Mike.” Assuring him, Meesa smiled.

“So, are you up for a movie?” Mike asked.

“Yes, let's go.”

“That movie sucked.” Meesa said.

“No, it didn't I loved it.”

“I know you did, you laughed throughout the whole movie.”

“Well, it was good to me. You know since, I'm not allowed in your house, let me go use the restroom.”

“Don't be dropping hints boy.” Meesa laugh.

“I'll be at the front when you're done.”

“A'ight.”

Checking her two-way, Meesa looked out at the crowd departing the movie theater. Through the crowd she spotted Black. Along with him were Perry and some chick. Knowing there had to be another girl, Meesa hid behind a door. Black and his people all stood talking. Meesa got a couple of stares from people walking by, but she didn't care, she had to see but not be seen. Another minute passed and there was no other female insight.

Mike searched throughout the crowd for Meesa. Meesa spotted him describing her to people. Deciding she had to come from behind the door, she stepped out.

Speaking loudly she yelled, “Here I am Mike!”

Mike and Black turned from the sound of her voice. The sight of Black was like an all natural high. Meesa never would need drugs. Black was all the adrenaline rush she needed. As Meesa stared at Black and Mike, Mike looked at Black, while Black watched Meesa. Black didn't know whether to speak or not. So he opted to stand silent. After the face off, Mike strutted over to Meesa. Making sure he grabbed her hand and caressed her back. Looking into his eyes, Meesa gave another unsure smile. Glaring back at Black, she knew he was hurt. Devastation was written all over his face.

“What's up Meesa baby?” Perry asked.

“How are you?”

“I'm good sweetheart. We all miss you baby girl.”

Staring at her feet Meesa uttered, “I miss you all too P.”

Looking back up at Black she made sure he got it.

“Well, I'll see you all later.”

“A'ight Mee.” Perry answered.

Walking out of the movie theater, Meesa glanced back over her shoulder at Black. He, of course, was still staring at her. Black gave her a wink and smile. Getting into Mike's Jag, Meesa knew nothing had to be said. Their hearts spoke every word.





Reasonable Doubt


“Hold on Mee.” Destiny said, as she clicked over.

“Hello?”

“Yeah, who was that?”

“You are so nosy Mee Mee.”

“So, who was it?” Meesa asked again.

“Well, if you have to know, that was Kelly, and if you don't mind, I'm about to click over and call her.”

“Oh hush and call her.” Meesa said, while laughing.

“Hello?”

“Yeah, what you doing?” Destiny asked.

“Nothing, I just got in from work.”

“Why are you getting off so late, it's almost eleven?”

“They called me in. I wasn't even supposed to work, but I need the money so I went in.”

“So, how much have you saved up?” Meesa questioned.

“I've saved up about five grand.”

“That's good Kelly.” Meesa said.

“Yeah, you doing the damn thing girl.” Destiny spoke.

“So, when are you going to go pick up your car?” Destiny asked.

“Next weekend and I want one of you to come with me.”

“Cool, we'll both go.” Meesa stated.

“You just are speaking for me Mee Mee. You don't know what I have planned next weekend.”

“Nothing.” Kelly said laughing. Meesa cracked up too.

“Shut up. But you're right, I don't have anything to do. Kat is so busy with the car wash that he leaves me here stuck by myself.”

“Who would have ever thought you and Kat would be together.” Kelly spoke.

“I know, right. But I love his black ass to death. If it wasn't for him, I don't know where I'd be right now.”

“Yeah, the kid love him some Destiny.” Kelly chuckled.

“And she love her some Kat.” Meesa added.

“Yes I do. Where is Jaden, Jr.?”

“He's gone over my little cousin's house.”

“So you and Jaden got the night all to yourselves?” Destiny asked.

“Yes, and when I get off the phone with ya'll, he got a treat coming.”

“Kelly, I don't want to hear that.” Meesa spoke grossed out.

“Oh shut up Meesa. You just mad because you ain't had any in like fifty million years.” Teased Destiny.

“Yeah, when are you going to fuck Mike?” Kelly asked.

“Yeah, when are you?” Destiny questioned too.

“Um, excuse the both of you, but I don't fuck, I make love. And I'm not ready to have sex with Mike yet.”

“I don't see why not. Girl, you better give Mike some. The boy is fine Mee. You have to be attracted to him. Hell, if you're not something is definitely wrong with you.” Destiny replied.

“Ain't nothing wrong with me Destiny. I'm just not ready for all that. Too much shit comes along with sex.”

“You're right Mee, I feel you.” Kelly agreed.

“I understand too, but damn Mee, you got to get over Black one day. That's also true.” Agreed Kelly.

“Kelly, you just hush. I will get over Black when I'm good and ready. I'm doing better though. We haven't spoken in over a month.”

“Well, that's good. Cause ya'll needed some time apart. I think it will do you both some good. I still want ya'll to get back together though.” Kelly said.

“Enough about me, Dee did you ever get that Dolce coat you were talking about?”

“No. Don't even get me started….”

As Destiny continued to talk, Meesa started to feel sick again.

It had been a week since her date with Mike, ever since, she had moments of queasiness. But this time, it was different. Her whole body radiated heat, and the right side of her pelvis started to hurt. Meesa doubled over in pain.

“Shit, Oww!” She yelled into the phone.

“Meesa are you alright?” Destiny asked. Meesa couldn't get a thing out the pain hurt so much.

“Meesa! Meesa!” Kelly called. Then as fast as it came the whole thing went away. Still holding her side, Meesa breathed slowly. Destiny and Kelly still called out to her.

“I'm here, I'm here.”

“What in the hell just happened to you?” Destiny demanded to know.

“Hell, if I knew I would tell you. I've been having these episodes for about a week now.”

“What kind of episodes Mee?” Kelly calmly questioned.

“It's like one minute I'm cool, then all of a sudden I get all hot. I mean, burning up hot to the point were I'm sweating, and I feel like I have to throw up, but nothing ever comes up.”

“But why were you screaming like you were in pain?” Destiny asked.

“This time the right side of my pelvis started to hurt like I was cramping.”

“Well, maybe you're about to come on.” Stated Destiny.

“That's just it, I haven't been on in almost two months.”

“Uh oh, somebody might be pregnant.” Laughed Destiny.

“When was the last time you and Black had sex?” Kelly quizzed. Thinking back on that night, Meesa remembered it had been almost two months ago.

“You think I could be pregnant Dee?”

“How long has it been Mee?

“It's been almost two months now. Damn, I can't be pregnant now. This is the worse time for me to be pregnant. Black and I aren't even speaking. How can we raise a child together?” She questioned herself.

“Meesa, ya'll are doing great raising Kyan together.” Kelly said, reassuringly.

“But we're not even together. We were supposed to be together forever when Kyan came along. But now, I don't even know where we're going right now. I don't want to have a baby when there is a big possibility that we may never be back together. It's bad enough Kyan has to go back and forth between us. To bring another child into this wouldn't be right.”

“So, you're saying if you're pregnant, you want an abortion?” Destinyasked.

“I don't know what I'm saying. First I have to find out if I am or not.”





So Gone


Meesa tossed and turned the whole night. Whenever she did fall asleep, she dreamt of her being pregnant. She saw herself on the ground screaming for help. Someone was over her but she couldn't see the face. Then the next thing she knew the baby was lying by her side. They were face to face but they both had blood gushing from them. Meesa would wake up in a cold sweat. She tried to fight the sleep but eventually it would catch her, and again the dream would start.

Meesa didn't know if this was a sign of things to come. She wondered who the other person in the dream was, maybe it was Black. Quickly she replaced the thought. But it would always creep back. Black's father had killed his mother, and after Black hit her, she didn't know what to expect. Never had she feared Black but the dreams freaked her out.

As soon as sunlight hit, Meesa and Kyan were dressed and ready to go. She stopped at Walgreen's and purchased a pregnancy test. With her purchase in hand, she headed to Destiny's house. They all agreed to meet up at Destiny's at eight so they could find out the results together. Kat always left the house at about seven to check on his businesses, so the coast was clear. Kelly and Gwen didn't have to be at work until after ten, so that gave them plenty of time.

Pulling into the circled driveway, Meesa saw Kelly getting out of her car. Kelly met her on her side of the truck and kissed her cheek.

“You ready to find out?”

“I'm as ready as I'll ever be.” Inside they all hugged. Destiny offered juice and muffins, but Meesa couldn't eat a thing. Instead, she drank three glasses of water. She contemplated telling them about her dream but thought against it. She had enough on her plate. While the others ate, Meesa went and took the first test.

“Okay, I have to wait a minute.”

“Um, we all know how to take a pregnancy test Mee. Sit your nervous ass down.” Gwen laughed.

“Do I look that scared?

“Yeah, you do.” Gwen teased.

Staring at Kyan drinking his bottle took Meesa's mind off the test for a minute. He was so beautiful. Another child wouldn't be that bad she thought. Look at what they had created together, but again, they weren't together.

Snapping her back to reality, Destiny tapped her. “Mee it's time. You ready?”

Nodding was all she could do. They all went into the bathroom together. Meesa said a silent prayer and asked God for strength. With her eyes closed she picked up the test.

Opening one eye, she saw a positive sign. Tears fell from her eyes. The girls all hugged her. Meesa didn't know if she was happy or not. All she knew was that a decision had to be made. Back in the kitchen, they all sat silent. Meesa sat in a daze.

This wasn't like her first pregnancy. Too much had happened in her life. A dark cloud hovered over her now. Whichever choice she made now would have great consequences. How would Black react to this news? She didn't know if he had moved on or not. And hell, Kyan was only five months old. It hadn't even been a year since he was born. How would she deal with a newborn and a one year old by herself? Figuring she was about two months pregnant, she had to make a choice fast.

“Meesa, honey, whatever you decide to do we're here for you, okay.” Kelly assured Meesa.

“Yeah, Mee Mee, we got you. You know you got babysitters all around.” Gwen joked.

“So, when are you going to tell Black?” Destiny asked.

Somberly Meesa shrugged.

“Are you scared to tell him?” Gwen questioned.

“Cause if you are, I can be there with you when you tell him.”

Inhaling deeply, she looked around the table. Meesa knew she wasn't alone. She had the best friends in the world. With them by her side, she would be able to handle anything.

“Thank ya'll. I just don't know what I'm going to do. This shit is just so fucked up. I finally just got my shit back together. Things were just starting to get back to normal for me. How am I going to deal with Black all over again?

If anything, I would want us to be together for the sake of Kyan and the baby. But hell, how long could that last without us killing each other. And Mike is such a good guy, how am I going to tell him I'm pregnant. What man would want to be with somebody who's pregnant by another man?”

“Mee Mee if he really likes you, he'll understand.” Destiny said.

Meesa gave her a ‘be for real’ face. Laughing they all knew she was full of shit.

It was noon and Meesa sat on the plush carpet and sorted through Christmas ornaments. Meesa laughed to herself. Last year at this same time she had found out she was pregnant. Again, she would have a July baby if she decided to keep it. Separating the lights she ran across a special ornament. It was gold and crème, with her and Black's name engraved on it. They had planned on getting another one with all of their names on it this year. It saddened Meesa that they didn't even make it a year as a family.

As Meesa stood to wrap the lights around the tree, the doorbell rang. She wondered who it could be. Still holding the lights she opened the door. Mike stood with a bouquet of yellow roses. Astonished she smiled.

“Hey Mike, what are you doing here?” She asked. She never allowed him to come over uninvited. He only came over to pick her up and drop her off. Therefore, she never had to let him in.

“I wanted to surprise you. I hope that's cool.” He said grinning.

Not wanting to be rude she answered, “No.”

Handing her the flowers, he asked could he come in. She knew he knew better.

“Mike, I don't want to be mean, but you know I can't do that. I thank you for the flowers though they're beautiful. Maybe we can get together later on this week.

Kissing her cheek he replied, “Sure”.

Smiling back at him, she kissed his lips to show him she appreciated him. They never noticed Black standing right behind them. Clearing his throat Black let his presence be known. Meesa jumped and Mike turned, Meesa almost shitted on herself. Words weren't words anymore. Time stood frozen.

“Well um, I'll catch you later Meesa.” Mike spoke, while eyeing Black. Meesa's eye's stayed glued to Black's. Her future and her past stood right before her. Black stared Mike up and down as he passed him. Mike got into his car, drove off with a grin on his face. Meesa and Black stood in silence. Finally Meesa spoke.

“He just popped up over here Black. I didn't know he was coming over.” She spoke, almost in a whisper.

“It's cool Meesa it's your life. You just be careful a'ight. If you're going to allow him around my son, I can't stop you. But I still don't want that nigga in my house while I'm still paying the bills.”

Meesa nodded in agreement. This couldn't be Black speaking. This Black was calm and collected. He was so unlike the angry and frustrated man she once knew. He wasn't angry, but in his eyes, she saw sadness.

“I just came over here to talk to you about Christmas. Look its cold as hell out here, can I come in?” Stepping to the side, she let him in.

“I was just, um putting up the Christmas tree. Kyan's upstairs taking his nap.”

Black took off his Roc-A-Wear puffy coat and picked up their special ornament. He remembered when they had it made. They were so happy then. Sitting it back down, he caught Meesa looking at him. Quickly she took her attention elsewhere.

“You want me to help you while we talk?”

Yeah, if you want.” She shrugged.

“Well, what I was thinking is, since this is Kyan's first Christmas, I should be with him.”

“And I should be with him too.” Meesa stated. Handing him the lights, they started to wrap them around the tree.

“Yes, you should be. I mean we only get to experience this once.” That's why we should all spend Christmas together. The together part had Meesa shook.

Black had it all planned. Spending the holidays together as a family would make Meesa remember how much she needed him. Hell it had to, he hoped. The past couple of months without her had him sick. His whole day was consumed with thoughts of Meesa. Black needed her back, and he was willing to do anything to make her his again.

“Together, you want us all to be together for Christmas?” Meesa repeated, to make sure she had heard right.

“Yeah, I mean even though Kyan don't know what's going on, I still want to be with him. So I was thinking, maybe I could spend the night on Christmas Eve. That way, I could be with him Christmas morning. After a couple of hours I'll leave.”

Meesa grabbed the end of lights he gave to her and continued to wrap them around the tree. Meesa didn't answer immediately. This was too big of a deal to answer on point. Wrapping the lights, she contemplated, being with Black for Christmas would be nice. Then she remembered the baby. How would she tell him? The mere thought of the baby made her jittery. Looking over at Black, her hands became clammy. As Meesa thought, Black continued with the tree.

He wondered why it was taking her so long to reply.

A couple of minutes passed before Meesa answered yes. Black was overwhelmed with joy.

But being the OG he was he stood like a man and played it cool. Halfway through finishing with the tree, Meesa started to feel sick again. She silently begged God to not let this happen while Black was there. But it wouldn't stop. This time her vision started to blur. Meesa dropped the lights and covered her eyes.

“Here.” Black spoke, while trying to hand her an ornament. But Meesa couldn't see anything. Feeling like she was trapped, Meesa gasped for air. Each breath she took felt like her last. Meesa felt as if she was drowning. Grabbing at her chest she tried to calm herself down. But that only made it worst.

“Meesa! Meesa,” Black yelled. Meesa couldn't answer. It felt like she was having a heart attack. Then all of sudden things faded to black.

Black shook her and yelled for her to wake up. Black didn't know what was happening. He tried to find a pulse but he didn't know how to do it.

After a minute or so, Meesa opened her eyes. Black kissed her face and thanked God that she had opened her eyes.

“Meesa, what the fuck just happened to you? You scared the shit out of me.” Black had never seen no shit like that before. Meesa wondered how she got on the floor. Her pelvis started to hurt again. Holding her side she cried from the pain.

“Meesa baby, what's wrong!” He yelled.

“Oh God help me!” She yelled. Meesa hoped she wasn't miscarrying. Crying with fear she squeezed Black's hand. All Black could do was hold her. Still he wondered what was happening. The only thing he understood was that the love of his life was in pain.

“Please God, don't take my baby from me.” Meesa begged. Black didn't know if she was hallucinating or what. Meesa kept begging and crying. Finally, it was over as quick as it started. Rubbing her back Black sat confused. What had just happened he thought?

Meesa had finally calmed down. Trying to stand up she asked Black to let her go. But he was too afraid to. Telling him she was okay, he finally agreed to let her go. Meesa entered the bathroom and ran cold water on her face. Grabbing a towel she dried her face off. She thanked God for helping her through. Meesa knew she had to see a doctor fast. Meesa's mind was made up, she was going to keep her baby. The very moment she thought she may lose him or her, she knew she couldn't live without it. Her dream had come true though, but she thanked God that the outcome was different.

Returning to the living room, she found Black standing.

“Meesa are you okay? You just passed out in front of me. Then you woke up holding your stomach and shit. What the fuck is up? I thought you were dead.”

“Black, I don't know what just happened either. But this isn't the first time it's happened either.” Meesa said ashamed.

“You mean to tell me you've passed out before?” He questioned.

“I've never passed out before, but I have had the pain in my pelvis not my stomach before.” Sitting down on the couch she continued.

“It's been happening now for about a week and a half.”

“Why didn't you tell me? Has this happened while you've been here alone with Kyan?”

“Yeah, but at first it wasn't this bad.

“Well, what is it?”

“I don't know what it is, but I do know what's causing it.” Meesa knew it was now or never.

“Well, what is causing it?” Meesa drew in a long breath.

“Black, I'm two months pregnant.”

“What? You're pregnant with that nigga baby?”

Meesa's head jerked up fast. Black paced back and forth angrily.

“Black I'm not pregnant by Mike.” Black stopped pacing and eyed her.

“You mean to tell me that's my baby?”

“Yeah, you don't remember when it happened?” Thinking back he remembered the night. But how was he to know she hadn't slept with Mike.

“So you and Mike haven't fucked?”

“No Black, Mike and I haven't fucked.” Black stood silent.

“What you think I'm lying?”

Black shrugged.

“Oh hell no, get the fuck out!” She yelled. “I knew I shouldn't have told your ass shit. And here I was actually thinking about keeping it. Fuck that, I don't want to have to deal with you anymore than I have too.” Meesa retorted angrily.

Grabbing his coat she threw it at him.

Black knew he shouldn't have even questioned her honesty. Meesa would never do that to him. He had fucked up again. Meesa stood with the door open. Black stopped in front of her and spoke softly.

“Meesa I'm sorry. I mean I'm shocked. I'm sorry if I offended you. But you caught a nigga off guard with this shit. I know that you wouldn't do anything like that. And yeah, you might want me gone, but until we find out what's wrong with you, I'm not going anywhere.” Black removed her hand from the door and closed it.

“Why don't you just leave Black? I don't want you here. I'll be okay. And besides, I'm not keeping the baby anyway.” Black tried to ignore her, but it was hard to. The thought of her killing their baby was too painful.

Meesa had to know that if she had an abortion, it would be over for good. But what if that's what she wants, for it to be over for good Black thought. Maybe she wanted to be with Mike now. I'm not keeping the baby anyway replayed over and over again in his mind.

“What you mean you ain't keeping the baby? I got a say in this too Mee Mee.

“As long as I have to carry it you, don't have a say in shit!” She yelled.

Meesa ran up the steps and slammed the door. Locking it behind her, she wondered would Black go off again. Thirty minutes passed while Meesa sat waiting for Black. He never came running after her. Maybe this time she had pushed him away for good. Meesa had finally succeeded, she now had hurt Black as much as he had hurt her.

Black wasn't going to give up that easily. Black was determined to win Meesa back and at any cost. The thought of Meesa having an abortion was too much for him to handle. He wanted the baby, and if Meesa really didn't, he would have to accept that. Picking up their special ornament once more he remembered what once was. More determined than ever, he exited the house.

Upstairs looking out the window, Meesa watched him go. Maybe telling him she was having an abortion wasn't the right thing to do. The hurt in his eyes resembled her pain. Meesa knew that all the hurt and pain would have to stop, but stopping it all was a different story.





The Takeover


Rolling down I-70, Black bumped Freeway. Listening to rap music always got his thoughts together. Ron's words laid heavily on his mind. Years of struggle and self doubt poisoned him, and the route Black was going, he was sure on his way as well. Meesa completed his life and he needed her more than air itself. He had to stop her from making the worst choice of their young lives. The baby was a sign to him. To him, it showed that they were meant to be. But he always felt that Meesa would get tired of him and move on.

Yeah, on the outside, Black exuded confidence. All of his life Black's fear of picking up his father's traits haunted him. He had hurt Meesa so much and in so little time. Realizing that he was slowly killing her spirit, he knew that he was all she saw. Meesa was there for the long haul, or was she, he thought. What woman would want to be with him after he laid his hands on her? But Meesa knew his heart and he made sure of that. Their late night talks revealed a lot to her. He had told her things that no one else knew. She knew his fears and insecurities. Looking out on the late afternoon view Black felt at peace.

Things were starting to get back into perspective. Life was just like the highway he was rolling on. It was a journey of discovery and uncertainties, and he didn't want to travel that road by himself. Life was far better with Meesa by his side.

He was finally done with hiding. It was time for him to get out of the game and start anew. It wasn't like he was in need of money. His papers were stacked. Besides, he thought, I don't need the headache anymore. Me and Meesa can move, maybe to New York. I always liked it up there. I would never get bored. Meesa could have the baby then she could finish her schooling. She wanted to become a designer and what would be a better place. Everything was in place. Now, he just had to persuade Meesa.

“Hey sweetie.” Meesa cooed to Kyan.

“You are getting so big man. You look more and more like your daddy each day. You know that. Just don't grow up and act a fool like him okay. Are you smiling, huh are you? That's mommy's baby. Guess what? Mommy's going to have another baby. Yeah, you're going to have a baby sister or brother.” Meesa laughed at herself.

“Oh, wait a minute man, mommy has to do her breathing exercises.” Meesa was diagnosed with a simple case of anxiety disorder. He told her she had too much stress in her life. Meesa didn't like the whole medicine thing, so she opted to do all natural healing.

“Now let's get you in your carseat so we can go bye-bye. Today is Friday and we have to go drop you off over granny's. I bet your daddy missed you.”

Meesa hated the whole situation. Kyan was being carted around from house to house, all because his parent's couldn't get their shit together. Meesa pulled out of the driveway and drove the three blocks to Rose's. She couldn't believe her eyes, Black's car was in the driveway.

“Damn, why can't he do the one thing that I ask him to do.” Angrily, she spoke out loud. She was not ready to face him yet. It would be too hard. On the other hand, she was happy she had gotten dressed. Her green J Lo jumpsuit, green Manolo Boots, with her hair pulled back made her look ghetto chic. The only thing was, she had on the platinum chain with the A diamond pendant on he had given her this for Valentine's Day. Oh well, she thought, easing her way out her truck, she applied some gloss on her lips.

“Come on sweetie. Maybe if I hurry, I won't even have to see your big head daddy.” Kyan smiled. She was only too happy that he was too young to know what was really going on.

Ding Dong, Ding Dong.

“Hey Mee Mee.” Rose spoke.

“Hi Ms. Rose.” Meesa kissed her on the check. Stepping into the house she smelled Black's cologne.

“Well, here are his things. I'll see you on Sunday.”

Rushing to get out, she almost succeeded, but Black caught her just in time.

“Shorty.” He called. He hadn't called her that in a long time. That made things worse. It reminded her of the good days. Ignoring him she continued.

“Um, Rose I'll talk to you later.” Meesa quickly walked down the flight of stairs. Black was not far behind.

“Meesa, you know you hear me.”

“Black, I don't want to talk to you. We had an agreement remember. Oh, I forgot, you only do what you want to do anyway.” She retorted back sarcastically.

Black reached for her arm. The touch of his hand made her jump. She wasn't afraid of Black, but after what he had did, she just couldn't trust his judgment anymore. The sight of fear in her shook him to the core.

“Damn Shorty, I got you feeling like that now.

With uncertainty in her eyes Meesa answered, “Yes”.

“All I can say is I'm sorry, and I'll continue to apologize for the rest of my life. I really didn't mean to hurt you Mee Mee. I got something to tell you though.”

“What do you have to tell me Black?”

“I went to go see my old dude the other day.” Shocked, Meesa continued to listen.

“Yeah, I know, I'm still shocked myself.”

“What made you go see him?”

“I needed to figure out some stuff.”

“Well, did you?”

“Yeah, I learned a lot from him. Can you believe that? I mean me and him will never be the like the Brady Bunch and shit. I still can't forgive what he did to my mother, but I learned a lot of why he felt the way he felt.”

“Well, that's good Black.” Meesa replied sincerely.

“I'm leaving St. Louis Meesa, in another week, and I want you and Kyan to come with me.”

“Where are you going Black?”

“I'm moving to NY, the Big Apple. I got it all figured out. We can buy us a brownstone up there. I already got a realtor out there looking now. No matter what decision you make on keeping the baby, I'm going to be there for you. I'm willing to try to salvage what's left of me and you. You can enroll at one of the schools and finish getting your degree. Maybe I'll even take a few classes myself. I know we got a lot to deal with between us, but with a fresh start and a change of scenery, maybe we can make this work.”

Meesa was speechless. What in the hell was he trying to do. Get her all the way in another state and have her isolated. This nigga must be crazy she thought.

“Meesa, I know that you still love me. And you know that I love you. All I want is for us to be a family again. We can work through our problems. I promise I won't let you down. Just give me a chance Shorty.”

“Black this is all too much to deal with at once.”

“I know it is, think about it for a few days. Then, when you've made up your mind, let me know. I hope that you make the right decision and come with me. Ain't shit here for us Mee Mee, nothing but negativity. I just want some peace in my life. I'm tired of having to look over my shoulders. I just want to sit back and chill. Think about it okay.”

“I will Black. Look, I got to go.”

“A'ight. Call me.” He uttered.

Driving off, Meesa pondered moving. She knew she still wanted to be with Black, but ain't no way he gonna get her up there and still do the same shit.

Mike knew he had the get the ball in court. His time was running out, and Daryl was becoming impatient. He hadn't made that much progress with Meesa. She was still too caught up in all the drama between her and Black.

In the little time that he did get to spend with her, he found himself falling for her. She was a cool down to earth female. He really didn't want to hurt her, so he stalled on purpose. For the first time, he let his feelings get the best of him. Mike decided that he would mail Daryl back his payment of a 100,000 grand. He would not do Meesa like that. Daryl was crazy and he didn't want to fuck with him anymore. He didn't even plan to return to Cali. Daryl might track him down and have him hit. Tonight being his last night in town, he phoned Meesa. He asked her to meet him. Mike sat near the window staring out at the gloomy October sky. Meesa was running late.

“Hi, I'm here to meet with Mike Foster.”

“Um, yes. I'll have one of the waiter's escort you over to the table.” Said the reservationists.

“Thank you.” Meesa replied with a warm smile. Mike had sounded a little down when he called. She had hoped nothing was wrong. Meesa couldn't take anymore surprises.

“Hey wake up.” Meesa said, while nudging Mike.

Standing to greet her, he replied, “What's up baby girl? Let me get your chair for you.” Seated, Meesa grabbed his hand.

“So what's the problem? You sounded a little tense on the phone.”

“I have some bad news, Meesa.”

“Oh my God, not more news. I've heard enough news for one day. Okay, I can deal with whatever you're going to tell me. So shoot.”

Rubbing his forehead, Mike contemplated his words.

“I don't know quite how to say this.”

“Just tell me Mike. I'll understand whatever it is.” Staring into his eyes she waited.

“Look Meesa, I haven't been very honest with you, but I'm going to be straight up. I don't own a car wash, or a barbershop. I don't even live here in St. Louis.” Meesa sat confused.

“So what do you do and where do you live?”

“I live in California, and um, people hire me to do odd jobs for them.”

“Okay like what Mike?”

“Look just remember where you are and don't spaz out when I tell you. I was hired by Daryl to kill you.”

All words after that were lost. Meesa's whole body went cold and numb. Immediately, she drew her hand from his. Am I in some kind of bad dream? I must be because this is not happening. Meesa drank a glass of water. Shaking her head she tried to weigh what he had dropped on her. Mike thought she might faint. Her honey colored complexion had gone pale.

“Mee Mee, are you a'ight?”

Blinking her eyes, she slowly answered, “Huh, what did you say?”

“I said are you a'ight? Look I'm sorry to tell you this. I couldn't go through with it, but you need to know that Daryl is out to destroy your man. So you need to be careful.”

“So you mean to tell me that this whole thing was a lie. You kill people for a living?” Meesa asked dumfounded.

“I almost let you meet my son. I don't give a damn if you're sorry or not nigga. You stay the fuck away from me.” Hissed Meesa as she stood to leave.

“I'm sorry Meesa!” Mike yelled across the crowded room.

Meesa couldn't run fast enough. Were there people watching her she thought. She looked over her shoulders from left to right, not seeing anybody suspicious, she sped off. But unbeknownst to her, Daryl was slumped down in his 1989 Cutlass Supreme. He had been following Mike since the night before. Mike had been avoiding his calls. Daryl wasn't having it. Mike was not going to skip out on him. He had gotten too far to stop now. Mike strolled across the parking lot and hoped into his Jag.

Driving off, Daryl wasn't far behind.

Mike was oblivious to the car following him down the highway. Exiting his vehicle, he walked up the walkway. Daryl crept up the one way street.

Parking his car at the end of the block he got out. Inside the home that Daryl had him up in, Mike started to pack. His plane would be leaving in three hours. With Jay Z turned all the way up, he was in a hurry to get to the airport. Daryl used his key and unlocked the back door to the townhouse.

Creeping up the staircase, he quickly made it to the master bedroom. Mike's back was turned. He never knew what was coming. Daryl fired twice, hitting him in the back of the head, Mike fell to the floor.

Daryl stood over him laughing. “You thought you was gonna bail out on me nigga, I don't think so. Have a nice trip muthafucker.” He said, while kicking Mike's dead body.

Daryl was gone as quick as he came.





Blood Hound


Meesa locked her front door. Turning on all of the lights, she clutched her twenty-two tight. She was scared out of her mind.

Picking up the phone, she dialed Black at home. After ten rings she hung up. Next she dialed his cell. No answer. Pacing back and forth, she knew that she shouldn't be alone. So she called Rose's house. No answer.

“Damn where is everybody at!” She yelled.

Tears fell from her eyes. Never in her life had she felt more alone. Trying to calm herself down, she sat on the couch and prayed. Meesa asked God to keep her and her son safe. She knew that God would protect her. Trying again she phoned Black. This time he answered.

“Hello?”

“Black it's me. I need you to come over to the house.”

Black had never heard so much panic in her voice.

“What's wrong Shorty?”

“Black, I just heard some news about that boy Daryl.”

“What!” He yelled into the phone.

“Baby, I can't talk about it over the phone. This is family business.” She said, trying to give him a hint.

“Meesa stop playing.”

“I'm not playing Black. I'm scared. I'm here all by myself and I'm scared.” She cried.

“Calm down I'm on my way. Just stay there. I'm Downtown, so it'll take me about twenty minutes. Don't answer the door for nobody you hear me?”

“Yeah, I hear you. I love you.” Meesa whispered into the phone.”

“Me too Shorty.”

“What's going on man?” Kat asked.

“Man, I got to get home to Meesa. She wouldn't tell me over the phone, so I know it must be something serious. She knows not to talk about business over the phone.”

“What all did she say?”

“She said she heard some news on Daryl.”

“What kind of news, that nigga dead?”

“Man, I don't know. I just got to get home to find out. Cause I ain't never heard Meesa sound like that.”

Meesa's palms were drenched with sweat. Any little noise made her jump. She couldn't wait to see Black's face now. With him she would be safe. Right now she wished she was in another state. New York was sounding better and better. All this time, Daryl was still alive. Meesa wondered did he know where she stayed. Eyeing her Jacob's watch Black still had fifteen more minutes to get there.

Daryl knew that tonight was the night. The sun had set as he made his way around the back of the three story home. Only Meesa's car was in the driveway, so he knew she was alone. Daryl had years of experience breaking in homes. Meesa's was no different. It was all but too easy to get into. Prying the door ajar, he eased his way in. Lights were on everywhere. The kitchen floor squeaked from the pressure of his shoes. Daryl paused to make sure Meesa hadn't heard him. After a second, he continued through the house.

Meesa sat gazing at the TV screen not really paying attention to her surroundings. Her mind was everywhere, but out of the corner of her eye, she saw a figure. Her reflexes made her turn quickly. With a gun in his hand and a smile on his face Daryl stood. Meesa screamed dropping her gun.

“Bitch shut up!” Daryl yelled.

Jumping off the couch, she bumped into the coffee table, causing her to fall. Daryl snatched up her gun and placed it in his pants.

“So, where your man at now, huh?”

Meesa couldn't form words. Her eyes were focused on the gun.

“You thought I was dead didn't you? Well, surprise!” Stay calm Mee Mee and think she told herself. Keep him talking, it always worked on TV she thought.

“Mike told me everything today. Why you want to hurt me Daryl? I haven't done anything to you.”

“First of all, your boy Mike is dead.” Daryl laughed.

“He thought he was going to skip town on me. I caught him just in time though. But getting back to business you and your man got to pay.”

Meesa was sick to her stomach. Just the thought of Mike being dead made her sick. Even though he was sent to kill her, She still cared for him.

“You see your man put his nose were it didn't belong. Bitch, nobody fronts on me and gets away with it. I'm the muthafucking king of Cali! The boy had nerve to pull a strap out on me. I knew he didn't know who he was fucking with from jump. He got me good though when he came to my crib. I had to get plastic surgery and shit done on my face. But that's cool though, because where I'm sending you and yo man, is pay back enough for me. After I kill ya'll I'm going to take Black's territory. My shit is going to be so fucking large! Do you feel me?”

Meesa sat shivering with fear. Daryl was certifiable. Sweat beads ran down his face, while foam built up in his mouth.

“Oh yeah, I'm going to get Destiny back too. That bitch owes me.”

Meesa looked over at the clock, nine more minutes. Thinking back on all of those Lifetime movies, Meesa knew to keep him talking.

“Daryl, you can have Black's territory, he's getting out of the game anyway. Look Daryl, please don't hurt me. I have a little boy and a baby on the way. They need their mother. Don't do this to them, please!”

Meesa's words struck something in Daryl. It was like what little hope she had was gone. Yelling at her he yelled, “Bitch, I don't give a fuck! Fuck you and your kids! They should have been my kids. That nigga got you and the territory I want. Since I've been up here, I haven't be able to push my product like I want. With your man gone, all my shit gonna be straight. You always thinking about yourself bitch! The first time I saw you I hated you! You the kind of bitch I hate! You walk around like you the shit! When really, you ain't shit, but a hoe!” Daryl eyed her up and down.

“You know what though, I'm not going to kill you. At least not just yet.” He spoke cryptically.

“You know I always thought you were cute. But your stuck up ass attitude turned me the fuck off. But that doesn't matter.” Daryl grinned.

Horrified, Meesa cried even harder.

“This can't be happening. This isn't real, I'm dreaming. Yeah, this is a dream.” Meesa spoke to herself out loud.

“Bitch, this ain't no dream, this is real baby. Now calm down so I can do my thang.” Daryl said menacingly.

Raping her would seal the deal. Knowing what was about to happen, Meesa screamed with terror. Crying hysterically Meesa's vision blurred. Her heart began to race, and she felt trapped all over again. Everything around her went dark. Meesa had passed out.

Black drove speeding through the lanes. 50 Cent's lyrics never meant more to him. He played “Many Men” over and over again. All of a sudden, fear ripped through him. Something was wrong. Black got off at the nearest exist. Almost there he prayed.

“Wake up Bitch!” Daryl screamed.

Daryl punched her in the face. Shaking her profusely he decided he'd take it from her awake or not. Sitting the gun down next to him, he unzipped his pants. Meesa lay with flashes of her life going through her mind. Her mother's face appeared, the day she had Kyan, Black proposing to her. Her first day at school, meeting Destiny and the girls. Then a sense of peace came over her. She wasn't alone. Somebody was there with her.

Coming to, she blinked wondering had she had a bad dream. Searching the room, she saw Daryl approaching her. Over to the side she noticed the gun, quickly she closed her eyes again.

Daryl hadn't noticed a thing, he was too busy getting prepared. Taking off her shoes in order to get her jumpsuit off, Daryl laughed a sick laugh. Sensing him leaning down to undo them, Meesa kicked him in the face with all of her might.

Falling back, Meesa used her chance to grab the gun. Sitting up she raced to grab the gun. But Daryl was right behind her. Struggling they fought for the gun. Daryl pulled her hair, causing Meesa to let go of the gun. Turning her over onto her back, Daryl proceeded to choke her. Gasping for air, Meesa tried to hold on. Kicking her legs, flailing her arms, Meesa tried to hit him, but Daryl's grip was too tight. With her hands, Meesa searched the floor for something, anything to help her. Things were starting to go dark when Meesa felt something. It was their ornament. Grabbing it, she hit Daryl square in the eye. Daryl let go and grabbed his eye. It was bleeding, chips of the ornament were stuck in his eye.

Gulping in all the air she could, Meesa hurriedly turned to find the gun. But Daryl was back on her again. Pulling her hair, he hit her in the head. Standing over her, he continued to abuse her. Meesa tried to fight back but her vision was blurred. The gun was nowhere in her sight. Meesa's stomach started to cramp up and she knew that she would lose her baby for sure. This was it, she was going to die now. Daryl stopped hitting Meesa and pulled out his pocket knife. He didn't see the gun anymore because of his eye, the knife would have to do. With her hair in his hand, he pulled her head back.

Ready to slice her throat, Daryl placed the knife to the center of her neck. With her eyes closed Meesa prepared herself to say goodbye. Suddenly five shots rang through the air. Slumping down to his knees Daryl fell to the floor. All of his blood splattered onto her back. Shaking and screeching at the top of her lungs, she yelled, “Black is that you?”

“Mee-Mee-Mee-Meesa it's m-m-m-me Lil Howard.” Meesa stunned to turn and find Lil Howard. Trying to stand up, Meesa thanked God.

At that point, Black and Kat were at the door. They had run up the staircase hearing shots. Black just knew that it would be Meesa he found dead or hurt. Entering with guns drawn, Black found Meesa. She was bent over crying.

“Damn.” Kat uttered at the sight of Daryl's body.

“Meesa baby, come here.” Black gently asked.

“What the fuck is this nigga doing here, Meesa?” Grabbing Lil Howard by the throat, Black pushed him up against the wall.

“Nigga, you and this Daryl tried to kill my girl? Son, I'm about to do your ass up in here for real!”

“Black stop! Lil Howard helped me. He's the one that shot Daryl!” Meesa yelled, letting him go. He stared at Meesa to see if she was telling the truth. Running back into his arms she sobbed.

Sirens came blasting down the street. Black and Kat immediately put their straps in the safe Black had in the house.

“Look baby, you have to listen okay.” Meesa nodded.

“We have to say that this was a break in! This was self-defense you hear me!

“Yeah.”

“You hear me Lil Howard, this was self defense! Okay, here they come, play it cool.”





I Still Love You/ Epilogue


After a brief investigation, the police concluded that Meesa and Lil Howard had only protected themselves against an intruder. Meesa couldn't have been more relieved.

For weeks she had feared the worse. They had told the police that Daryl was trying to rob them, and when Meesa wouldn't give up her jewelry, he started to beat her. Lil Howard came in and saw this, picked up the gun and fired. The police didn't care, to them, Daryl was just another nigga dead.

During the course of the investigation, Black stayed by her side. Meesa had sustained a black eye and a couple of bruises due to Daryl. But thankfully, the baby wasn't harmed at all. Black gave Lil Howard enough money to return home. He felt sorry for the lil boy. He warned him that if he ever saw him again that he would kill him on sight.

It felt so good to Meesa to have him back with her. His comfort and support secured any doubt in her heart. There was no escaping his love. Finally, Black was able to give it completely and wholly.

After the night with Daryl, Meesa quickly moved out. Her, Kyan, and Black stayed with Rose until they could find renters for their homes. It took some time, but after two months, they were finally able to leave.

Saying goodbye to all her friends was very hard. But Meesa knew that this is what her and her family needed. The move to New York came quick and swift, but she and Black adjusted fine. New York and Meesa were meant to be. Her and Black settled into their new loft in SoHo. Everything was so fast paced and right all at the same time.

Meesa's second pregnancy was a hard one, but her and Black got through it together. For the remainder of her pregnancy, her and Black became friends, something they had never been. Now they enjoyed each other's company even more, learning things about each other they didn't even know. Each wanted to be a couple again, but decided that for now, a friendship would be better.

On July 7, 2004, they welcomed in their life a beautiful baby girl. Black fell in love with his daughter immediately. She would definitely be a daddy's girl. After a little thinking, they decided to name her Mila Ann Patterson. Mila had gotten all of her mother's beauty.

After having Mila, Meesa immediately started taking classes at the Manhattan Fashion Institute. She and Black still had a lot of issues that needed to be addressed. Plenty of nights they laid awake talking and airing out all their problems. Meesa learned that she could no longer let a man define who she was. For so long, she let Black be her all and everything. But with her going back to school and enjoying other loves, she began to love herself as well.

To Black, all his life love was meant to be his downfall. But meeting Meesa taught him that love is beautiful. He also had to learn to love himself. Black had let his father's mistakes overrule him, and for years they did. Black saw that he needed to be happy, but only he could make that happen. Not Meesa, Kyan, Mila, money, cars, or clothes. While Meesa went to school, he kept Kyan and Mila. The quality time that he spent with his kids taught him so much. He finally saw that the only way he was going to teach Kyan how to be a man, was for him to lead by example.

September 15, 2005, everything was moving so fast. Meesa hurriedly made the last minute adjustments.

“Everyone take your places!” Gwen Yelled.

“Thank you everybody for being here.” Meesa quietly spoke. “This has been a hectic couple of months for me, Hell for all of us.

(Laughter).

“All that I ask of you is to go out there and give attitude, attitude, and attitude. Again, thank you all. Now let's get moving.” Everyone dispersed into their desired position.

“Mee Mee, where is Destiny?” Gwen asked into her earpiece.

“The last time I saw her she was getting the finishing touches done on her makeup.”

“Okay, you ready girl?”

“As ready as I'll ever be.”

With the music cued, the first model entered the catwalk. The music was pumping, and light bulbs flashed everywhere. Meesa heard Ooh's and Ahh's as the models strutted their stuff. Some of the most elite fashion critics were in the audience. She saw them all jotting down notes or whispering to their companions. Approval was all on their faces.

Meesa thanked God. After only a year of school Meesa decided that she was ready, and with Black's money backing her talent, she couldn't be stopped. It took her seven months to plan her first showing. With the help of Black, Gwen and Destiny, she made it. Not only did she introduce her clothes, but she also introduced a new model. Destiny was the face of her collection. When she hit the runway, the photographers flocked to get pictures of her. Destiny loved every minute of it.

Meesa's first line consisted of ghetto chic wear for the day and sexy evening wear for night. Her contrast of old Hollywood meets new was a hit. The show was almost over and Meesa stood behind the curtains. Smoothing down her satin dress, she checked her hair and makeup. She had finally made it. Everything in her life, bad and good, had led up to this moment. Her and Black finally got married that same year on Kyan's birthday. They had a small wedding with just family and friends.

Once her line got off its feet, Kelly and Nikki planned to move out east too. After just a few months of Black and Meesa being in New York, Destiny and Kat moved up there too. Gwen later followed.

Destiny was the last model to go down the runway. Meesa prepared herself to make her entrance. She never looked more beautiful. Her hair had grown to the middle of her back, and she wore it flat ironed back. Her skin glowed and her soul was finally at peace. Her line Miss A was a huge success. Without any reviews in yet, she already knew.

Finally, it was time. Standing out in front of the crowd Meesa became nervous, but all that went away as soon as she laid eyes on Black. Sitting on his lap sat a giggly Mila and beside him sat Kyan. A smile beamed off of Black's face.

When Meesa reached halfway down the runway, she reached for his hand.

Taking off his hat, he surprised her. Black had cut his hair. Meesa became filled with tears of joy. Black had felt that the locks were a thing of the past, and today was a new day and a new beginning for them. He was finally a legit businessman, and he had the love of his life beside him.

Together Meesa, Black, Kyan, and Mila in tow made the rest of the walk together.

THE END





