My Kind of Girl





By





Candace Shaw





Copyright © December 2014 by Candace Shaw





Edited by Melissa M. Ringsted





Shaw Press

Atlanta, Georgia





Smashwords Edition





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.





All rights reserved. This book, or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission from Candace Shaw.





Smashwords License Statement

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Blurb



Dr. Sean Arrington loves his family, patients, and the ladies. With no interest in settling down with one woman, he dates women—who like him—just want to have fun with no commitment and no strings attached—unless they like being tied up. Literally. However, when he lands his eyes on the cute-dimpled, quirky botanist Traci Reed, something tugs at his heart and he figures rules can be broken.

Traci has been infatuated with the rivetingly handsome bad boy since his mother showed her Sean’s picture a few years ago. When he asks her to design the gardens in his backyard, Traci can’t refuse. After they share a heated first kiss, she can’t believe Sean actually has feelings for her. She’s drawn to his smooth charisma and intellect; however, she’s cautious for she knows he prefers his bachelor lifestyle. Can Sean prove to Traci she’s his kind of girl after all?





Chapter One


Dr. Sean Arrington groaned as his cell phone on the nightstand blared through the bedroom. Turning over in its direction, he opened his eyes slightly and smiled at the pretty young thang next to him who has cuddled under his arm. He couldn’t remember her name offhand, but he did remember the wild time they’d had the night before. Something like Amy or Amber. Maybe it was Amanda. He decided to use a universal word of endearment.

“Babe?” he asked in a groggy tone, wiping the sleep from his eyes as the phone ceased to ring.

“Yes?” two female voices answered cheerfully.

The other voice reminded him that they weren’t alone, and a wicked grin crossed his face. He looked to his other side and discovered Amy or Amber’s friend laid with her double D’s pressed into his bare back as her big, shiny doe eyes rested on him. She was another PYT—he also couldn’t remember her name at the moment—whose long, sexy legs were wrapped over his naked right thigh. The three of them had an erotic time last night, mostly the ladies as he sat back and watched. He’d met them at an after party for a local rapper’s concert that he’d counseled. Going home with two models hadn’t been on the agenda for the evening, but they’d flirted with him and each other all night.

“Can one of you beautiful ladies hand me my phone?”

The one closest to it slid the phone off of the nightstand and placed it in his palm.

He glanced at the name of the missed call. Mother. It was seven o’clock on a Saturday morning. She rarely called him that early on the weekend, for she knew he slept in to nine o’clock on the mornings he was able to, and a concernment formed in his head.

Sean pushed the comforter back—as bras and panties fell to the floor—and crawled up the middle of the bed. “Ladies, I need to take this in the other room.”

Plopping on the leather couch in the girls’ living area, he called his mother back. Sean hoped everything was okay as his heartbeat raced, and he ran his hand over his black wavy hair.

“Hello, my dear,” she said in a voice that was way too chipper this early in the morning, which eased his mind of something being wrong. It also informed him she’d had her morning coffee. “I just need a favor from my other favorite son.”

“You only have two sons.”

“And you’re both my favorites,” Dr. Darla Chase-Arrington explained in a pleasant tone. “Now, you know your dad is in Nashville at Meharry this weekend for a medical conference. He drove his car and my Lexus won’t start.”

Relief washed over him. “Oh … I can call someone to pick it up for you.”

“No need. I did that, but the only other car is your dad’s Corvette, and you know I can’t drive a stick shift. My orchid class starts at nine at the Botanical Gardens.”

“I can take you,” he said matter-of-factly. His mother and three sisters, as well as his sister-in-law, were the only women in his life that came first.

“Thank you. I’d hate to miss it.”

Stepping over a lace black bra and a purple, slinky dress, he headed toward the kitchen as the rumblings in his stomach reminded him it was time to eat. “Mother, you have five children who all love and adore you. You aren’t missing that class. We know you love your gardening. I’ll see you around quarter after eight.”

“Perfect. We’ll see you then.”

He opened the refrigerator and wrinkled his brow when he saw green juice in a container, a few pieces of fruit, and a box of organic cereal. He preferred eating healthy as well, but he was in the mood for bacon and eggs.

“Who is we?” Oh great. Some of her garden club friends. The last time he drove them all somewhere his car smelled like menthol ointment and Chanel Number Five for almost a week.

“Me and four orchids. It’s the beginning of spring, so it is time to repot them. Don’t worry, I have newspaper.”

“They can ride, too,” he said, heading back to the bedroom to grab his clothes and skedaddle. He needed to go home first to shower and change vehicles. “See you in a few.”

After saying his good-bye, he slid on his boxers and jeans, which he’d found in the hallway, and jetted back to the bedroom.

The taller one with a long, jet black weave walked toward him and handed him his shirt.

“Everything okay?” she asked.

“Oh yeah. Just gotta go.”

“We were hoping to cook you breakfast and maybe take a shower together,” she purred, running her hand down his smooth, dark-chocolate muscled stomach. “Relive last night.”

Sean flashed a smile as she buttoned up his shirt. “As tempting as that sounds, gotta run an errand with my mother, but maybe I’ll see you ladies later tonight at your fashion show.”

“We hope so,” they sang in unison.

Sean swiped his keys from the nightstand and headed toward the door with both naked women on his heel. Quickly bidding them good-bye, he strolled to his black Porsche 911.

A few minutes after eight, Sean pulled into the circular driveway of his parents’ estate in Germantown, a suburb outside of Memphis. His mother’s orchids and old newspapers sat on the top step of the wraparound porch and the front door was wide open. She emerged wearing a pleasant smile that matched his and his baby sister, Bria’s. Sean stepped out of his Porsche Cayenne SUV and opened the back door for the plants.

“I’ll grab them,” he said, running up the steps when his mother bent down to pick up the newspaper. “You just lock up and get settled.”

Darla patted his face. “You’re always such a chivalrous young man. You’re going to be a wonderful husband someday. Just like your father.”

Sean chuckled for the thought of that was just a mere fantasy.

“Yeah, maybe one day.” He shrugged, grabbing the newspapers to spread out on the floor of the backseat. Unlike all of his siblings who were married and starting families, he’d rather enjoy his bachelor lifestyle. The women he dated weren’t the settling down type either, which was perfect for him. Instead, he placed his focus on family, his patients, and community projects that included his concern for military veterans. Being a psychiatrist with his family’s medical practice, Arrington Family Specialists, he was able to provide assistance to veterans who were suffering from Post Traumatic Stress.

At age thirty-six, Sean still hadn’t found the one for him. At one point in his late twenties, he thought he had and gave up his playboy ways for her. However, when she continued pressuring him into marriage sooner than he wanted, it only pushed him away. Afterwards, he stayed clear of women who were eager to walk down the aisle. Instead, Sean preferred women who–like him—just wanted to have fun and hang out. Majority of them were in the modeling or entertainment industry, therefore they were out of town often and weren’t looking for a real relationship. If she was available fine. If not, that was fine, too. He didn’t want to become attached, and if he had the slightest inkling that they wanted anything more, he moved on to someone else.

“What time do I need to pick you up?” Sean asked, steering his SUV into the parking lot of the building that housed the workshop classrooms at the Memphis Botanical Gardens.

“Well, the class is only an hour and a half. Why don’t you stay?”

He got out and dashed around to open his mother’s door. “Nah … I’ll help you carry the orchids in. I’ll just go hang out at the Starbucks up the road.”

Once he had the plants settled on the work table, his eyes perused the room. Most of the women were in their early fifties to late sixties. However, there was one young lady standing in the front chatting with Mrs. Carson, a friend of his mother’s. He let his eyes inspect the younger woman. She was short, probably around five foot two. Her shape and stature reminded him of Chilli from the singing group TLC, and he’d always found her sexy. However, he preferred tall women with long legs for days to wrap around his waist or shoulders. At six foot three, he favored women closer to his height … but there were exceptions to every rule. The way her khaki Bermuda shorts hugged her hips and cute, rounded butt, would definitely make him change his mind. Her golden-brown, smooth body could mesh ideally next to his hard, chocolate one, and he had to shake his mind free of that as his manhood stirred at the thought.

Instead, Sean let his eyes continue to wander over her. The turquoise botanical garden shirt did nothing to hide the bountiful breasts underneath, and they jiggled when she laughed. An infectious one that was sincere and hearty. One he wouldn’t mind hearing again, except the next time he wanted to give her the reason to. He loved a woman that didn’t mind laughing out loud. It was the perfect way to relieve stress, and he always encouraged his patients to laugh more. Her hair was pulled back into a bouncy, curly ponytail. He had the urge to reach over, drag off the scrunchie, and glide his fingers through her dark brown tresses.

Remembering where he was, he slid into the seat next to his mother and leaned over to her ear so no one could hear him. “Who’s the girl with the cute …” Sean stumbled on his words, stopping abruptly. He definitely couldn’t say butt in front of his mother. Suddenly, the vision of loveliness rotated in his direction. He cleared his throat. She was adorable. “Cute dimples?”

“That’s Traci Reed. She’s the instructor for the class and a botanist here at the gardens.”

“Oh … that’s Dr. Reed? When you talk about her I always picture an older lady with a grey-streaked bun and glasses peering down over her nose.” Not an endearing, young woman that had piqued his interest to the point of staying in the class after all. Perhaps repotting orchids could be fun. Leaning back in the seat, he placed his shades and cell phone on the table.

Darla smiled. “Staying?” she asked, waving to Traci who was on her way over.

“Sure. I mean … it’s only an hour and a half. No point in leaving and possibly getting stuck in traffic or something. Then you’d be stranded here by yourself waiting for me.”

“Of course, son,” Darla replied, standing as Traci approached and gave her a warm hug. “Hello, dear.”

Sean inhaled a pleasant, light rose scent when Traci turned into his direction, running her fingers along one of the flower pots as if she was trying not to make eye contact with him.

Was she checking me out on the sly?

“Traci, this is my son, Sean. He’s going to join us today,” Darla introduced, before walking toward Mrs. Carson in the front of the room.

Traci placed her cocoa eyes on his face as her dimples emerged. “Welcome, Sean. So glad you’re going to participate. Are you into gardening like your mother?”

“Nope, I’m not much of a gardener, but my mom has four orchids to repot so I figured I’d stay and help.”

“Awesome,” Traci said, flashing a sincere smile that lit up the room and warmed his heart. “Let me know if you need any assistance. We’re going to begin in a few minutes. Grab an apron and some gardening gloves from the bin in the back. Things may get a little dirty.”

He caught a gleam in her eyes as he stood and stepped into her personal space, noting a slight change in her breathing. He lowered his voice so the ladies nearby wouldn’t overhear.

“Nothing wrong with getting a little dirty.”

*****

Traci rushed into her office, closed the door, and leaned on it for support as she exhaled a long sigh of relief. She didn’t know how she’d made it through the orchid repotting workshop without completely stumbling over her words. However, she remained cool and composed on the outside while she was flustered and overwhelmed on the inside. Dr. Sean Arrington—in all of his jaw-dropping, dark-chocolate gorgeousness—had sat in the back of her workshop repotting an orchid while she could barely concentrate.

Traci had known Dr. Darla Arrington for almost three years since she’d became her primary care physician before retiring last year. Upon learning Traci worked at the Botanical Gardens, Dr. Darla began taking her classes and eventually hired Traci to design the gardens at the Arrington estate. During that time, she’d met the daughters Shelbi, Raven, and Bria, with Raven becoming her gynecologist last year, but she’d never met Sean in person. She’d seen numerous pictures of him at the Arrington estate or on Dr. Darla’s cell phone as she showed off pictures of her beautiful, intelligent children. All doctors, they worked at the family practice that their parents had started with the exception of the youngest, Shelbi, who was currently doing her residency at a local hospital. The parents had retired and the practice was ran by the oldest siblings; the twins, Cannon, a pediatrician, and Raven, an Ob/Gyn. Bria was an allergist who also specialized in holistic medicine.

Then there was Sean. Tall. Suave. Charismatic. His pictures certainly didn’t capture his true essence. He was more appealing and dominating in person than she could’ve ever imagined. With skin smooth as butter and a well-defined, chiseled physique, Traci had the hardest time keeping her voice steady and her eyes away from his delectable face. A face she wanted to run her hand down, followed by her tongue to sample to see if his chocolate skin was indeed mouth-watering sweet. Of course she’d have to stand on her tippy toes or even in a chair to reach Sean’s luscious lips. When he’d smiled at her after she had showed him how to carefully take the orchid from the pot, the heat from his stare nearly melted her to a puddle at his feet.

Traci couldn’t believe her thoughts, but she’d always looked forward to Dr. Darla’s picture show just to see Sean. His mother spoke highly of her children, husband, and grandchildren. Sean seemed to be his mother’s favorite for he was somewhat of a wild card but had the same determination and ambition as his siblings. His mother had described him as the middle child that got away with everything but was always the first one she could depend on no matter what.

Glancing at the clock, Traci knew she needed to head to the lab to finish a project, but instead she slammed into her desk chair and breathed in to calm her nerves. It wasn’t that big of a deal. It’s not like I’m going to ever see him again. He only came because his mom was having car trouble. She’d visited the medical practice over ten times and had never met Sean in person, so the chance of seeing him again was rare.

A light knock at the door interrupted her train of thought which she was grateful. Time to get back to my day and stop focusing on a man that has barely given me a second thought. Besides, she knew his type. Playboy. Love ‘‘em and leave ‘‘em. She’d been there before and was so over it.

“Come in,” she yelled out. She had a few minutes to spare, and more than likely it was her co-worker and best friend since college, Caitlyn Clarke, probably coming to ask who was the fine specimen she had spotted when she’d peeked into the workshop earlier. She’d done a double take and almost spilled her coffee.

Traci reached for the paperwork she needed to go over with Caitlyn.

The door swung open and the knot in Traci’s throat from earlier returned when Sean breezed into her office as if it was a natural task he did every day. His confidence level was off the chart, and he seemed to be comfortable in whatever situation he was placed in. She’d noticed that earlier during the class.

“Hey, Traci.”

“Hi, surprised to see you. Is everything okay?” she managed to say in a professional tone even though the butterflies in her stomach were having a break dance contest.

“Yeah. Mom decided to have lunch with Mrs. Carson. I just had a quick question.”

“Oh sure. What can I do for you?”

A sexy smile inched up his chiseled face and she held back a gulp

“I know you designed the gardens at my parents’ home. I recently bought a new house, but the backyard is … um … well, just green grass. I spend a lot of time outside relaxing on the veranda after a long day of dealing with patients, but I have nothing exquisite to look at. Think maybe you can hook it up like you did for my mother?”

Traci was still in such shock from him standing in her office that she’d barely heard what he’d asked. Nodding her head, she pretended as if she’d comprehended the words. When she replayed them, she was able to answer him.

“Well … I honestly didn’t do it all alone. I have a crew I work with depending upon what you request, and your mother helped. She’s very hands on.”

“Sooooo you want me to be hands on, too?” Sean stepped closer to her desk while resting a smoldering gaze on her face that she knew had to have turned scarlet for her cheeks were burning.

Traci was thankful she was seated so that he wouldn’t notice her squirm, or the crossing and uncrossing of her legs. She was at a sudden loss of words. She couldn’t place whether or not he was spewing sexual innuendos because he was so serious in his tone and expression. Perhaps it was just wishful thinking on her part because she’d had a crush on him since Dr. Darla had shown her his picture a few years ago.

“Not necessarily. It just depends on the client and their schedule. Your mother was semi-retired, so it was easy for her. Plus, she loves gardening. I’m convinced if she wasn’t a doctor she’d be a master gardener.”

He nodded his head. “Yeah, it’s my mom’s hobby, but for me I just want something peaceful to gaze at after a long day of work. Can you do that for me? My mom said you have a busy schedule, but I’d love for you to design and landscape my yard.”

She honestly didn’t have time, but for some reason she couldn’t say no to him. Not only that, but she needed the extra money.

“Then I’m your girl.”

Sean raised an eyebrow as his smoldering gaze reappeared, and the words she’d just stated replayed in her brain. Traci could sense a sexual innuendo running rampant in his head that would have her questioning whether or not saying yes was such a great idea. She decided to speak first before whatever was on the tip of his tongue came out and left her even more flustered than she already was.

“When would you like to begin?” she asked, taking out her iPad to look at her schedule.

An arrogant, sexy smile lined his rivetingly handsome face. “I’m ready whenever you are.”





Chapter Two


Strolling out of the kitchen toting two bottled waters, Sean headed toward the front door of his ranch-styled home. Traci was on time for their Sunday afternoon appointment as she’d rang the doorbell a few seconds before. He swung open the door and was elated to see the cute, little beauty in front of him wearing black-rimmed glasses. He hadn’t been aware she wore glasses, but they gave her a sexy nerdy look. She sort of reminded him of an African-American Felicity Smoak from the Arrow comics. Her hair was in soft curls around her shoulders and pulled away from her face with a black headband. She wore a lavender blouse that was open to show a white, fitted T-shirt that stopped at the top of her white, flowing skirt, which rested just above her knees. She carried a Botanical Gardens tote bag on one shoulder and a digital camera rested in her hands.

“I didn’t know I would have to do a photo shoot,” he teased, stepping back so that she could pass through into the foyer. “Where should we began? The living room? The hot tub?”

“It’s for pictures of your backyard,” she stated almost too seriously, as if she didn’t get the joke.

“Right. I was just kidding.”

“Oh,” she said, turning away from him and glancing around his home. “Which way to the backyard?”

He slid the heavy tote bag from her shoulder and pointed toward the kitchen. “I’ll carry this for you, and we can go that way.” After handing her a bottled water, he guided them through the kitchen and the adjoining great room to one of three sets of French doors that led out to the veranda.

“Thank you.” She took a swig of the water as she strolled in front of him. “Wow. This is absolutely breathtaking.”

“It’s just green grass.”

“To you its green grass, but to me it’s a blank canvas. I can do so many things out here. What is this … about one-half of an acre?”

“You’re correct.”

“Well, what would you like to see when you come home from a long day after listening to everyone’s problems? What do you want to hear? What do you want to smell?”

You in sexy lingerie moaning my name while the scent of candles fill the air.

He cleared his throat for his thoughts had clouded his brain. “Something peaceful and tranquil. I don’t have any trees, and therefore no birds, but that would be nice. I also enjoy light fragrances, sort of like the perfume you’re wearing now. What’s it called?”

Turning away from him, she fumbled with the lens cover on her camera. “Actually, it’s an oil that I made with rose petals and some other flowers.”

“Perfect. That’s what I want. A bunch of beautiful flowers that smell just as wonderful as you, or as close as possible because frankly you smell good enough to eat.”

The camera slipped from her hands, and he reached out to grab it before it landed on the tiled floor. “That was close,” he said, looping it around her neck. The strap wasn’t that long as the camera rested on top of her bountiful breasts, and he jerked his hand back when it almost brushed against the perky mounds.

Traci giggled nervously, running her fingers through her hair. “Yeah, thanks. I’m a klutz sometimes.” She turned away from him, but not before he caught a glimpse of her rosy cheeks.

“Okay, so definitely some roses,” she confirmed. “Perhaps a mixture of colors and types.”

“Types? Aren’t all roses the same?” He knew they weren’t, but it wasn’t something he’d actually thought about.

She rotated toward him with a peculiar expression. “No. There’s hundreds. Tea roses, antique roses, Knock Outs … I won’t plant any of those for they don’t have a scent, but they’re very easy maintenance so maybe a few.” Her nose wrinkled over her pursed lips. “So, you really didn’t know there were different types of roses? I’m sure you’ve ordered bouquets for your … lady friends.”

At first he was a little taken aback by her question for he felt his intelligence was being questioned. Sure he’d ordered flowers before for women, but never roses. He associated love with roses and never wanted any woman to get the wrong idea.

“I usually give them whatever their favorite flower is.” He shrugged, walking out on to the freshly mowed lawn as Traci followed. “I can honestly say besides my mother, I’ve never given a woman roses.” He paused, maybe hesitated for a moment because he didn’t care to admit that he was curious as to what was her favorite flower. Considering she was a horticulturist she probably had many. Though the truth was, he wanted to know more about her including the little things. Especially the little ones.

“What’s your favorite flower?”

“Roses, preferably pink. Do you intend to upkeep the gardens yourself or hire someone?”

Of all the flowers in the world she would love roses.

“I’ll probably do both. Right now, I have a company that cuts the yard and maintains the shrubbery in the front. They also do garden designs. I’d thought about asking them to landscape my backyard, but then I met you. Plus, my parents’ gardens are amazing and I want the same as them. I knew you were who I was searching for when I laid eyes on you. Something about your cute dimples hooked me.”

Sean winced as the words he’d just spoken into the universe resonated in his head. He’d meant what he’d said, but they seemed to take on a different connotation as he spoke them out loud … especially when Traci’s alert brown eyes grew wide without blinking.

Clearing her throat, she tried to muffle an embarrassed smile as her dimples sunk deeper into her cheeks. “Well, thank you for the compliment. I’m going to snap pictures of the yard and the back of the house in order to sketch out some design ideas to email to you in a few days. I do see a vision with a tranquility, Zen-like garden. Maybe a pergola with seating, some trees for birds, and a water display of some type. Walking paths and a fire pit since you seem to love the outdoors. That way you can come out here when it’s cool with family and friends, or just when you need to be alone with your thoughts, or perhaps a romantic evening.”

“Mmm … that last scene won’t be happening.”

“I find that hard to believe.”

“You’re aware of my reputation?”

“I may have heard a rumor or five.”

He hated that. For some reason he didn’t want her to know that side of him. Yeah, he had the reputation of a playboy or bachelor-for-life persona, but he sort of wished she wasn’t aware of that. “Believe it or not, I’m not the romantic type. I love having fun and chilling with women, but I’m not into the romantic, lovey-dovey thing. It’s simply not me.”

“Maybe not now, but when you finally find that someone special you’ll probably change your mind.”

“I doubt it. It’s just not me.”

“And why do you think that is?”

“Should I go lay down on the couch?” he asked cynically, taking a gulp of his water. “Are you my shrink now?”

“Shrink? Is that a word you even like?”

“Sure, it’s not as offensive as one would think. For me, I feel as if I’m shrinking my patient’s issues and concerns so they can have happier lives. It’s quite rewarding.”

“Okay, but back to my original question that I think you’re trying to avoid.”

“Hey … what can I say? I thought I’d found the perfect one years ago and she wasn’t. I wasn’t heartbroken or no shit like that, but it made me realize that marriage isn’t for everyone. I enjoy my dating life because it gives me the freedom to concentrate on other things that are important to me … like my family and my career.”

She nodded as if she was in agreement, but the empty look in her eyes spoke otherwise. Being a psychiatrist afforded him the luxury of sensing when something was amiss with someone. Reading body language came with the job. Lifting her chin, he gazed down at her innocent, beautiful face.

“Who broke your heart, dimples?”

*****

Traci’s nerves were in utter shock, and she didn’t know how much longer she could stand there while his warm, masculine hand was piercing her skin. The fear of fainting was imminent because she’d practically lost her breath from the second he’d opened the door wearing a charismatic smile that appeared to have been created just for her. His slightly worn-out fraternity T-shirt did nothing to hide his muscular arms, and she’d caught a glimpse of a tattoo peeking out on his upper-arm but she couldn’t make out what it was. Now he was in her personal space staring down at her with a concernment about some A-hole from the past who’d broken her heart. She couldn’t even remember his name for Sean was the only name in the forefront at the moment.

“Um … gosh … it was a long time ago. Just this boy I knew in college. No biggie.” And it truly wasn’t especially now since her pulse raced for the devastatingly handsome man standing in front of her.

“Really? You looked sad for a moment.”

“Oh … but not for me. For you,” she answered sincerely.

He abruptly dropped his hand and stood back. “Why for me?”

“Well … you seem to be a really great guy. Your mother is always saying how family-oriented you are, and that you’re great with your nieces and nephews. I’m sure you’d make a wonderful father and husband one day. Don’t let one rotten apple spoil the entire the bunch. That’s all.” The words flowed truthfully and honestly, yet Traci suddenly feared his response when discernment washed over his face. Now she was scared she’d spoken out of turn to her client and was about to be dismissed. She clutched the camera hanging from her neck and glanced at her tote back that was draped over his shoulder. She had an inkling she’d have to grab it any second now. Instead, a smooth smirk lined his face.

“If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you’re trying to be my shrink. You think I need counseling, Dr. Reed?”

She let out a relieved breath. “No. I just think—”

“—that I’m a really great guy that should settle down? You and my entire family, especially my mother.”

“Well, who knows? You may meet the perfect woman one day that will knock you off your feet. There’s someone for everyone.”

“Ah huh. So you believe in the whole soulmate thing? That my kinda girl is out there?”

“Mmm … well, yes.”

“And have you found yours?”

“No. I thought so, but he wasn’t the one.”

“Oh … the boy from college?”

“Yes.”

“That’s your problem. You need a real man. You’re highly intelligent. Beautiful. Witty. Beauty and brains is a lethal weapon, my dear. A lot of men can’t handle …” He stopped abruptly.

“What?” she asked, confused as to why he’d stopped. She rather enjoyed the compliments.

“Nothing,” he said, shaking his head and grinning. “So when do you think you can get started?”

“Well, once you approve the plans, I’ll have the guys I work with come over probably one day next week to dig up whatever grass won’t be needed and then go from there.”

“How long will it take?”

“Depending on the design plan and weather conditions, about three weeks to a month. I’ll have to come over once I’m off from work and on the weekends.”

“Cool. Just let me know, and I’ll help you.”

“Oh really?” That threw her completely off guard. She wasn’t sure if she could focus if he was assisting her. She assumed he wouldn’t be interested in planting flowers.

“Sure. I mean … it is my yard, and I had fun yesterday repotting the orchids.”

“Cool. Gardening can be a fun experience and a stress reliever.” Turning the digital camera on, she scrolled through the menu section. “I’m going to take some pictures and head on out.” She glanced at her watch before snapping the first picture.

“You have another appointment?” he casually asked.

“Oh … yes.” No, not really unless the appointment was heading home to begin working on his plans and catching up on her favorite shows on her DVR.

“Hot date?”

“No. Just work.”

“So you’re a workaholic?”

“No, not at all. I enjoy my career so therefore it really isn’t work to me. I’ve been around gardeners all my life starting with my grandmother and my mother.”

“I can relate. Both of my parents are doctors, so it was inevitable that me and my siblings are doctors except I chose a different route. The study of the brain can be quite fascinating even though I do enjoying studying the anatomy … well, a woman’s anatomy.”

“Well, I guess you have the best of both words.”

“What do you do for fun besides working with plants?”

“I like to go to plays, the movies, hang with my girlfriends, or go to blues clubs on Beale—” The ringing of his cell phone interrupted her. She nodded her head understandably to excuse herself even though he shook his head in the negative. However, she needed to take a few more pictures from different angles and headed further out into the yard. Besides, she wanted a moment away from him so she could exhale.

Being in his presence wasn’t doing her nerves any good. The man was gorgeous in every sense of the word. From his wavy hair, thick eyebrows, and chiseled features to his confident smile, Traci was having a hard time tearing her eyes away from him. Her chin still felt the warmth of his hand, and she could only imagine how it would feel on the rest of her body. His scent lingered in the air. It wasn’t too overpowering like some men who splashed on cologne to attract women. Sean didn’t need to. The light, woodsy scent was tantalizing enough to make her want to climb up on his body and plant a kiss on his lips.

Ten minutes later she returned to the veranda but Sean wasn’t there; however, her tote bag was seated on the couch. She grabbed it and ventured back through the same set of French doors, which led to the extensive gourmet kitchen that she’d noticed earlier was sparkling clean. Either he didn’t cook or he was a neat freak. However, when her eyes landed on the scene in front of her at the island, she was convinced he was just a freak.

A woman, twirling a pair of handcuffs, was perched on a bar stool scantily clad in a leather get-up. Her extremely long legs—that were encased in boots past her knees—were crossed, and long weave touched her butt. Sean’s back was to the door and the woman hadn’t noticed Traci either. Ms. Thang was too busy begging. When Traci spotted the leather whip on the island she knew it was time to go.

“Sean, you missed my fashion show last night so you have to make it up to me,” she explained in a seductive manner, resting her palm on Sean’s cheek. “I’m flying out of town in the morning for fashion week in New York.”

He removed the woman’s hand and gently placed it on the island. “Now isn’t a great time. Perhaps I’ll catch you when you get back … or not.”

Traci decided to make her presence known before she witnessed one of Sean’s favorite pastimes. She lightly cleared her throat and two pairs of eyes landed on her.

“Hey, Dr. Arrington,” she paused, not sure why she’d called him Dr. Arrington in the most professional tone she’d ever used, “I have all of the pictures I need. I’ll be sure to send you the landscaping plans in a few days.”

He backed away from the island and walked toward her. “Um … thank you. Are we done because I thought we had a few more things to discuss?”

“Yes, I have another appointment and you have company. I’ll talk to you soon.” She headed toward the front door, attempting not to make it appear as she was trying to hurry the hell up, but she’d never been so embarrassed in her life. The vision of handcuffs and a whip was now etched into her brain. As she reached the doorknob, a hand landed on her shoulder.

“Wait … Traci … I had no idea she was coming over.” He said it softly and almost apologetically.

Turning toward him, she prayed her face wasn’t red because it was definitely burning.

“What you do in your private time is none of my business.” Even though she was now slightly curious. “You don’t have to explain anything to me. I’ll get started on your plans tonight."

"Okay and feel free to call if you need to."

Traci pivoted back to the door and opened it. She glanced over her shoulder. “Nah ... you’ll be tied up for a while. Literally. Have a great evening.”

She walked down the steps of his porch while taking the keys to her car out of her tote bag as quickly as possible. Luckily his company hadn’t blocked in her Volkswagen Beetle with the Range Rover that was parked next to it. The last thing Traci wanted to do was to walk back inside and interrupt a sex session on the kitchen island. And how on Earth did Ms. Thang walk up Sean’s sidewalk with that outfit? Opening her door, she slid into her car and quickly started the engine. As she backed out of the driveway, Traci noticed the front door open and Ms. Thang sashayed down the sidewalk as if it was a catwalk. Her facial expression was set on pissed off as she walked toward her SUV.

Traci found the scene quite funny even though she wondered why Sean had kicked the woman out.





Chapter Three


Traci pulled into the driveway of her childhood home in the Frazier area of Memphis after leaving Sean’s house. She’d vowed never to move back to Memphis after graduating from high school and attending college at Vanderbilt for all of her degrees. After her father died her senior year of college and her brother, Larry, was stationed across the world on an Army base in exotic Hawaii of all places, she didn’t want to leave her mother alone. Traci had tried to convince her mother to move with her to Atlanta when she was offered a job at the Atlanta Botanical Gardens after college, but her mother didn’t want to move. So Traci applied for a job in Memphis. She’d really hoped Atlanta would be a new start for both of them considering her mom’s sister lived there and was a widow as well. The sisters could’ve been roommates, but Traci’s mother, Mildred, refused to leave the home she’d shared with her husband for almost thirty years. She wasn’t physically ill; just a little arthritis and she took medication to keep her cholesterol down. Those issues didn’t worry Traci. Instead, Mildred’s addiction to gambling was the issue.

Traci hated discussing it with anyone except her brother, but sometimes she didn’t want to worry him because he was so far away. Besides, she was the oldest and felt it was her responsibility to take care of her mother. It had started out harmless. Mildred decided to take her out of town friends across the bridge to a casino in Arkansas. She’d won one thousand dollars after having only spent one hundred and was convinced she was a pro. That was over three years ago and she hadn’t stopped except for a few times, but she’d fallen off the wagon a couple of months ago. Traci didn’t mind her mother playing the slots or Black Jack every once and a while. However, all of the time until the point of not being able to pay her bills because she’d spent all of her pension check for the month was ridiculous. Of course, Traci bailed her out each time. It frustrated her, but her mother and father had sacrificed and penny pinched in order to take care of her and Larry. She wasn’t going to let her mother go without food and electricity even though Larry had suggested it just to scare their mother straight. Traci knew there were times when her mother didn’t want to tell her that she’d spent the pension money gambling and had lost all of it. She’d finally convinced Mildred last summer to have her check direct deposited into Traci’s bank account. That way she could pay the bills and give her mother an allowance. Traci hated doing that, but it was the only way. However, by Christmas, her mother had convinced her she could handle it. Traci switched the direct deposit back to her mother’s checking account. Unfortunately, last month she had found out Mildred was gambling again. Traci just hoped she could try to convince her to go back to counseling for her addiction and hopefully move to Atlanta where there weren’t any casinos.

“Hi Mom,” Traci said, entering the small living room that was decked out in the brand new leather couch and loveseat that her mother had purchased after a big win playing poker last month, which was how she found out her mother was gambling once more.

Mildred ran her fingers through her gray curls. “Hey, babygirl … I didn’t know you were stopping by,” her mother said uneasily, stepping back to let her daughter in but avoiding full eye contact.

Traci glanced around the room and spotted her mother’s purse and car keys on the coffee table. She was wearing a burgundy velour jogging suit and her late husband’s wedding ring dangled around her neck on a gold chain. Looking at Mildred was truly like looking in a mirror except she was an inch shorter and ten pounds heavier.

“I was on my way home from a client’s house. Just wanted to drop by to say hello.”

“Come and sit down. Do you want something to eat or drink?”

Traci sat on the couch and moved one of the toss pillows to the side. “No, I’m fine. Not staying long.”

“So who’s the new client?”

“One of Dr. Arrington’s sons. Sean, he’s a psychiatrist. He came with his mother yesterday to the repotting workshop and afterwards asked if I could landscape his backyard.”

Her mother sat in the recliner that had belonged to her deceased husband. It was old, but she refused to throw it out. “Is it three acres like his mother’s?”

“Oh, goodness no. It’s small and shouldn’t take too long. He wants to experience peace and tranquility so I have some ideas running around my head. I’ll start working on a design plan tonight.

“That’s good,” Mildred said, glancing at the clock on the fireplace mantle.

“Are you late for something?”

“Um … not late, but I was on my way out.”

“I see. Can I tag along?” Traci really didn’t want to, but she had a sneaky suspicion where her mother was going considering she always wore her husband’s wedding band around her neck as a good luck charm when playing poker.

“Tray …”

“Mom, are you on your way to a casino?”

“Not exactly.”

“A private poker party?”

“Yes.”

“It’s the beginning of the month. Did you pay your bills and at least stock the fridge?”

“Yes and yes. Are you forgetting who the child is and who the parent is?” her mother questioned sternly.

Bolting to the kitchen, Traci opened the refrigerator and freezer, both of which were fully stocked. She checked the pantry. It was full as well. At one point, her mother’s gambling addiction had gotten so bad she barely had food and didn’t tell Traci until she’d gone to the fridge to grab something to drink.

When she returned from the kitchen, her mother was holding out her checkbook.

“You want to see my cancelled checks as well?”

“No, Mother. I just want you get your priorities straight.”

“I’ve told you this time is different. I’m not just throwing my money away. When was the last time I asked you for any money?”

“In January when your transmission went out.”

“That had nothing to do with gambling.”

“Whatever.” Traci snatched her tote bag from the couch and headed toward the door. “Just be careful, Mom. Larry Jr. and I worry about you, especially Larry since he’s so far away. Once you have a nice amount just quit. You don’t have to try to double or triple it. Take your winnings and leave.”

“Anything else?”

“I love you very much, Mother. I just don’t want you to get caught up again.”

Her mother kissed her on the cheek. “I promise you this time is different. Trust me.”

Traci sighed. Mildred had told her the exact same thing before and now here they were once again. True, she wasn’t spending all of her time at the casinos, but poker was still gambling.

“Okay, Mom. Call me when you get home. I don’t care how late it is, call me.”

“Yes, Tray. Drive safely.”

“You, too.” She gave her mother a warm hug and a kiss on the cheek.

As Traci backed out of the driveway, she said a little prayer that her mother would be able to control her gambling habit this go around.

*****

Sean glanced at the crystal clock on his cherry wood desk. It was almost three o’clock and his last patient of the day had just left after an hour and a half session. He was exhausted and famished since he’d miss lunch to squeeze in one of his veteran patients who was having panic attacks again and needed some reassurance.

Opening the folder on top of a deep stack, he decided to peruse once more over the plans Traci had emailed him that morning. She’d designed four different garden layouts. He loved them all, especially the one that included the fire pit. For some reason the vision of them cuddling and making s’mores while sipping hot chocolate clouded his mind. He couldn’t believe his thought process, but ever since she’d mentioned the pit, he imagined her wearing one of his sweaters that of course would be too big for her and giggling as she made the tasty treats. She seemed the type to like s’mores and other fun things.

Tapping his finger on his desk, he reached out to grab his phone to dial her number. The Botanical Gardens were closed on Mondays, but she’d mentioned in her email that she would be there for a private tour for a celebrity until three in the afternoon. It was a few minutes after the hour, and he’d wanted to call her since yesterday after she’d abruptly left. Teresa showing up unannounced had messed up his plans to get to know Traci better. He’d been intrigued with her since he’d heard her infectious laugh. However, thanks to Teresa, Traci had hightailed it out of his home so fast as if it was on fire. He’d noticed her eyes had glanced toward the handcuffs and the whip on the island. He hoped she didn’t think he was some sort of Dom or into S&M because he wasn’t. However, sex wasn’t vanilla to him, either. Sean didn’t mind mixing in a little kink every now and then to spice the moment up, or give into any fantasies or role playing a woman may want … within reason.

He scrolled through his cell phone until he found her name and pushed the call button. Grabbing the plans he wanted to discuss, he leaned back in his black leather swivel chair and was elated to hear her thick, sweet voice in his ear.

“Hello?” she asked in an upbeat tempo.

“Hey, this is Sean Arrington.”

“Hi. Did you have a moment to look over my ideas?”

“I did. I really love the one with the fire pit and the outdoor daybed under the pergola. Not sure how I feel with all floral vines, though. May be a bit too girlie for me.”

“That can be changed. There’s other vines that don’t have flowers or very minimal ones. Anything else?”

He closed the folder and slid it into his briefcase. “Nope. I’m excited to see the finished project.”

“Cool. I was on my way to the nursery that I usually use for projects outside of work even though I’m buying all of your roses from the Botanical Gardens. We’re having a sale this weekend, and I receive an employee’s discount.”

“That’s good. I’m all about saving money.” He paused, glancing at his computer screen, which showed a picture of her on the Botanical Gardens website next to her bio. He’d learned a lot about her and her responsibilities at the gardens. Plus, he’d enjoyed staring at her picture.

“I can tag along if you don’t mind.” He couldn’t believe he’d just said that. He wasn’t that interested in shopping for flowers, but he wanted to see her again.

“Um … okay … sure. What time do you get off?”

“I’m off now. I can meet you there in an hour.”

“Okay. I’ll text you the address.”

After they said their good-byes, he jumped up and grabbed his suit jacket that was draped across the back of his chair. He slid his notes from his last session into a folder and proceeded to lock it in the file cabinet. Heading out of the office door, he was met with a radiant smile from Raven, his oldest sister. Her natural, thick curls were swept up into a bushy ponytail on top of her head while a few tendrils rested on her forehead, causing her to look younger than forty-one years old.

“Hey, you’re out of here?” she asked, readjusting the stethoscope that rested on her white coat.

“Yep, I have an appointment with Traci Reed. She’s landscaping my backyard.”

“Right, Mother told me. It’s about time. All that green grass is just plain boring. I was delighted when Traci and Mother gave my front yard some curb appeal.”

“Are you on call tonight?”

“Nope. I switched with another Ob-Gyn. Armand and I are taking the twins to a pottery class for children and then pizza.”

Raven’s face beamed with true happiness as she discussed her plans with her husband and children. Sean had been overjoyed when his sister found love again with Dr. Armand Phillips over a year ago in Brazil. Having lost her first husband in the line of duty as a police officer and miscarrying twins soon after, Raven had thrown herself into her work. While she’d appeared strong on the outside, on the inside she was a wreck. However, now with Armand and the six-year old twins, Isabella and Israel that they’d adopted last year, she finally had the family she’d always dreamed of.

“I’m sure they’ll enjoy it. Tell the twins Uncle Sean said what’s up.”

“Will do. Tell Traci hello for me as well. She’s such a sweet girl.”

“Yeah … she is.” He nodded, with a wide smile that he couldn’t seem to turn off.

Raven’s brow wrinkled as a puzzled expression washed over her face. “Uh huh. I know that smile and look. Are you trying to mack her?”

“Mack her?” Sean tried to muffle a loud laugh. “Rave, I believe that term went out with mullets and stone-washed jeans. I’m not trying to do anything but have my yard landscaped. However, she’s cool to be around.”

“Uh huh. Well, I have a patient waiting in the exam room. See you later.”

Afterwards, Sean jetted to his car, the conversation with Raven still in his head. He definitely knew he liked Traci, and had since the second he’d laid eyes on her. He couldn’t stop thinking about her, which was totally out of his norm. Women never interrupted his thoughts or sleep the way Traci had. He couldn’t believe he was on his way to a freakin’ plant nursery to pick out flowers, but he had to see her again. And those damn, sexy dimples. Talk about mesmerizing. They lit up like a rainbow after a rain shower in the sun. They were serene along with her innocent eyes that had saddened for him. She didn’t even know him and yet felt an emotion for him. Kind of how he was feeling for her. She stirred something in the pit of his stomach that he couldn’t explain. He was a psychiatrist but couldn’t figure out what the hell was wrong with him when it came to Traci. He knew he was attracted to her; that was a given. She was adorable, funny, and intelligent. A great combination despite the fact she wasn’t his type. However, there were exceptions to every rule, and she could just be the woman to break his. He really wanted to know why she seemed to work overtime, though. According to her bio, she had a lot of responsibilities at the gardens, including teaching classes, maintaining the rose gardens and the orchid conservatory, as well as giving private tours. He figured she made enough to support herself even though she was young—just turning thirty—so perhaps her student loans were eating up her paycheck. Maybe that’s why she had a side hustle of doing residential gardens.

Something caused her to work only, and he needed to know why. A man didn’t seem to be a reason. So what was it?

Following the directions of his car’s navigation system, Sean made it to the Memphis Nursery on time. He shook off his tie—tossing it in the passenger seat—and unfastened the top two buttons of his dress shirt. He’d noticed the day before that Traci drove a lime green Volkswagen Bug. Odd car in his opinion, but then again it sort of went with her quirky personality. He glanced in the rearview mirror and spotted a flash of lime green pull into the lot and park next to his Porsche. She waved and fiddled around with her cell phone while he hurried out of the car and made his way to her driver’s door. After opening it, she glanced up at him with a weak smile and back to her cell phone screen which had a series of text messages he couldn’t make out. She shut it off and grabbed her purse from the passenger’s seat.

“Hi,” she said softly, placing her tennis shoe clad feet on the pavement.

Taking her hand, he helped her out and closed the car door. She was dressed casually in jeans and a yellow T-shirt that pulled against her cleavage. He was suddenly aroused, but remembered she wasn’t happy about something.

“Hey. Everything all right?”

“Yeah … just some family stuff. Ready to go flower shopping?” she asked in a more upbeat tone.

“Lead the way.”

For the next thirty minutes, they browsed a variety of flowers and plants for his tranquility hummingbird garden she was creating in the right corner of the yard. Traci informed him that a landscape company would arrive the next day to pull up the grass. The day after, another company would lay the pavers for the walking trails, along with a patio for the pergola and fire pit area.

“So if all goes well this week, I’ll be able to begin planting the hummingbird garden on Friday around two o’clock,” she said, glancing over the work order for the flowers that were scheduled for pick up on Friday.

“All these plants can’t fit in your little beetle.”

She stooped down to look at the leaves of a ground cover plant he’d noticed was also in his mother’s garden but couldn’t remember the name.

“I have a truck with a trailer. I do it all the time.” She stood and they continued walking along the trail of plants.

“Cool, and I’ll be home by that time to help you unload and plant. I only do half days on Fridays unless it’s an emergency.”

“Thank you. It shouldn’t take too long. I’m sure we’ll be done in time so you can hit the streets on Friday night.”

“I don’t have any plans for this weekend.”

“Mmm … I’m sure someone will pop up.” Traci winked and sat on a bench in the middle of a slew of potted crepe myrtles.

Sitting next to her, he stretched out his long legs. “I hope not. What you saw yesterday was actually out of the norm. My pet peeve is people showing up unannounced. That’s one of the reasons I told her to leave.” And the other is since I’ve met you, I’ve only wanted you. Wait. What? Did I say that out loud? Realizing he hadn’t, he exhaled in his head.

Traci giggled. “Well, Ms. Thang was heated strutting down your sidewalk quite fiercely to her Range Rover.”

“She’ll be fine. She’s in New York and then off to Paris and Milan for the next four to six months. She’s not thinking about me nor am I thinking of her. Not that kind of relationship.”

“Of course. I’m sure you have other women to take her place while she’s gone.”

“Contrary to what you may think, I don’t have a bunch of women lined up waiting. I go through dry spells like every other single person.”

“You just prefer to stay single.”

“Yes. And you? How’s your dating life?”

She pondered for a minute. “I guess you could say a dry spell at the moment. It’s the beginning of April, and I haven’t had an actual date since January.”

“What happened?”

“Nothing. No sparks. Nice guy, but not my type.”

Her cell phone vibrated in her purse. Letting out a frustrated sigh, she checked the caller ID and smacked her lips as she tossed the phone back into her purse as it continued to vibrate.

“Family issues again?”

She stood and motioned for him to join her as she looked at the potted crepe myrtles.

“Yep.”

“Care to discuss? I’m a really good listener … or so I’ve been told.”

“I’m sure you are for a couple of hundred bucks or more an hour, but there’s nothing to discuss.” She turned toward him, sliding her hands into the back pockets of her jeans. “I’ll deal with it like I always do.”

“How? By working all day at the gardens even on your off days, and then moonlighting by designing gardens for residential homes?”

“If that’s what you want to believe, go ahead. Now what color trees would you like? Crepes come in purple, pink, white or red.”

“I like the deep purple ones, and if you want to avoid the question, I understand,” he said sincerely, placing his hand on her cheek. “I just hated the crumbled look on your face when you arrived and again when your phone rang. I love seeing your dimples.”

Traci trembled when he placed his hand on her face, and her chest rose and fell a few times as she breathed out. He found himself in her personal space and the urge to taste her pouty lips ran rampant through him. He’d never wanted to mix business with pleasure, but she was so close and the homemade rose oil she wore engulfed his senses. The puzzlement in her eyes as she stared up at him needed to be answered, so he had no choice but to lower his lips and pray she didn’t push him away.

The first sweet taste of her ambrosia mouth nearly knocked Sean over as he drew her to him. He kissed her softly while her lips quivered under his, and her hands reached up to encircle his neck as she returned the kiss. A low moan eased from her throat when his tongue sunk further into her mouth and intertwined with hers. Even though they were somewhat secluded amongst the potted trees, he really didn’t care that they were in public as he deepened the kiss. Her hands lightly caressing his neck and the moans erupting from her throat sent an electric jolt straight to his heart. He removed his lips momentarily to open his eyes and gaze at her. She wore a partially hazy smile and her glasses were fogged up. He ran a finger down her cheek, pausing for a moment to pinch a dimple. He stooped down a tad when he realized she’d been standing on the tips of her shoes. Even though her shoes had a slight heel, he was still ten inches taller than her. He wasn’t used to short, petite women, but he found himself not caring at the moment. There was so much more to Traci than her height.

“I think people are staring,” she whispered softly on his lips.

“Who cares?” he asked as he dived in again, and this time more intense than before. He didn’t know what had gotten into him, but he knew he had to have this woman. He couldn’t imagine his life without her.





Chapter Four


Traci had to be losing her mind, or at least that’s what she kept repeating over and over as Sean’s lips engulfed hers in a magical kiss. Now she understood precisely why he had women showing up unannounced. He was good. Really damn good. Normally, she wouldn’t let a man she barely knew kiss her in the erotic way that he was, but his tongue was quite gratifying. The more he deepened their kiss the more she pulled him into her. She struggled to hold onto him for the fear she would tumble over on one of the crepe myrtles, sending them all down one by one like dominoes when he landed on top of her. Not that there was anything wrong with that, either. He was built like a chocolate Adonis with smooth, rippling muscles that had her encased ever so perfectly against him.

Yes, she was losing her mind, but she was enjoying every single moment of it. However, she knew this had to stop. He’d hired her to do a job and just because she’d had a crush on him for the past few years just from looking at his pictures didn’t mean she had to satisfy her fantasy. No, she needed to think sensibly and not like a crazed teenager feigning over her crush no matter how fine and delectable he was. No matter how many tingly shivers were pulsating between her thighs.

Sean pulled away and gazed at her with dark, intense eyes that hammered into her soul.

“I don’t mix business with pleasure,” she stated, backing away from him. The second she was out of his warmth, she had the urge to go right back to him. The feel of his rock hard body was the most pleasurable surface she’d ever had against her, and she craved to experience it without his shirt blocking. She just wanted pure, naked chest in all its glory against her skin. Trembling at the thought, she backed up another foot before she jumped him.

“That can’t happen again.” She tried to keep her voice steady, but it was no use as he continued staring at her with lust-filled eyes as if he was going to ravish her again with more fervent kisses.

An arrogant grin inched up his left side. “Then you’re fired.”

“No, I promised to do your backyard and that’s what I’m going to do.”

“Too bad.” He closed the gap between them and yanked her toward him. “I’d rather just do you instead.”

His voice was low. Seductive. She almost mumbled out a meek okay but stopped herself. Instead, she patted his chest, which was a big mistake for the hardness of him was just too much to handle, especially when the tremors racing through her hadn’t calmed down yet. She was glad when he started to speak again because whatever she’d thought she wanted to say would probably come out like a bunch of gibberish.

“How about we get to know each other? I can compromise. For now.” He swept her hair behind her ears gently before releasing her.

“I think that’s a great idea. Besides, you’re going to be a lifelong bachelor. We don’t want the same things.”

“Aren’t you the one that said my kind of girl was out there somewhere?” he asked, running his finger along her bare arm, and little prickles of warm excitement raised over her skin.

She stepped away from him, turning her attention to the crepe myrtles to hide her flushed face. Sean’s kissing and caressing skills had sent her to a place of oblivion. She couldn’t even imagine handling anything else he could bestow upon her.

“Yes, but I wasn’t referring to me. I’ve seen your type. I’m not it.”

Her phone vibrated again from her purse. She gritted her teeth and grabbed it off the bench hoping it wasn’t her mother again. Luckily, it was Caitlyn sending her a work-related text.

“Everything all right?” he asked in concerned manner.

“Yes. It’s work. Let’s get these trees added to your order. The nursery closes in a few.”

“I was just thinking. You may be at my home before me on Friday, so I’m going to give you the key and the passcodes for the garage and house.” He took his keys out of his pocket and began to slide one of them off.

“I just need to access to the backyard. I can go through the gate.”

“True, but during the next few weeks I may not always be home and you may need to go into the house for whatever reason.” He handed her the key and then winced. “Wow, you’re the first woman outside of my mom and sisters who has a key to my house.”

“Thank you. I’ll give it back as soon as I’m done.” She slipped it in her change purse.

Once the trees were ordered, including a Japanese maple for the Zen garden in the other back corner of his yard, they made their way to the parking lot. Traci was glad this appointment was coming to an end. The kiss had stirred something in her, but she needed to stay focused and professional with him. Sean Arrington wasn’t a man she wanted to be involved with on a romantic level no matter how addictive his tongue was. No, he clearly loved his bachelor lifestyle and the different women. She didn’t want to become involved with a man who didn’t want a committed, monogamous relationship. That would just be a waste of time considering she was no longer in her twenties. Her parents had an amazing, loving marriage before her father’s passing and she wanted the same one day. She’d be a fool to explore anything with Sean considering he loved being single. She’d just wind up heartbroken but wouldn’t be able to blame anyone other than herself. Yet Sean’s mesmerizing, charismatic smile that he currently wore as he opened her car door was almost tempting enough to throw all of her thoughts out of the window and let him do her as he’d said earlier.

“So, I’ll see you on Friday?” he asked while she slid into the car.

“Yep. I’ll stop by tomorrow to make sure the guys removed the grass as specified on my plans, but I’ve worked with them plenty of times. Not too worried.”

“Okay.” He licked his lips in such a sexy, suave way that Traci almost bounded out of the car and back into his arms.

He hesitated for a moment as if he wanted to chat longer. “I’ll talk to you later. Drive safe, dimples.”

She absolutely loved the way he called her dimples. She’d never really cared for nicknames, but the endearing way he said it made her heart skip a few beats.

“Thank you. You, too.”

She didn’t know how she made it home without crashing into a tree; she was still in a daze from the passionate kiss. Normally first kisses didn’t affect her to this extent. Sure she’d had some that had rocked her world but not like this. Sean had a way with his tongue that should’ve been outlawed. It was pure ecstasy, and the thought of his tongue in other places made the warm spot between her thighs pulse at an accelerated rate. It had wiped her mind of everything she was supposed to be thinking about.

Once settled on her couch with a bowl of apple slices and peanut butter, she decided to return her mother’s text messages with a phone call.

“Well it’s about time you called back,” Mildred stated as she answered the phone.

“I was with a client picking out plants at a nursery.”

“I don’t understand why you’re taking on jobs outside of your full-time that you work over sixty hours a week at.”

Because of you, Mom! I have to pay my bills and sometimes yours too! She wanted to yell that through the phone but couldn’t get the words out.

“Because I enjoy it.” That wasn’t necessarily a lie, but it wasn’t the truth either.

“When does that leave time for a social life? Talking to plants all day can’t be satisfying.”

“What do you need, Mom?” Traci’s tone was abrupt; however, her mother had never called her last night as she’d requested.

“I don’t always need something when I call. Actually, I have something for you.”

“What’s that?”

“Some of the money I owe you. I won ten thousand last night, and I want to give you half of it.”

“Keep it. You’ll probably just ask for it back next week.” She wasn’t trying to be mean, but it wouldn’t be the first time.

“Traci that was totally uncalled for. I’m working hard to tame my gambling habit.”

“Oh really?” Traci swirled an apple around in the peanut. She’d heard this one before.

“Yes. I put some aside for taxes on my winnings, and I want you to have the rest. I know I owe you more than five thousand, but it’s a start.”

Traci didn’t want to take the money, but she’d dug into her savings account when her mother’s car needed a new transmission.

“Okay, Mother. I’ll swing by on the way to work and pick it up.” Traci decided to accept it but only to hold on to it just in case so her mother wouldn’t gamble it all away.

“Thank you. I promise you I’m trying to do better. After our conversation last night, I know you’ve been disappointed with me.”

“Not disappointed but concerned. I don’t want to pull up to your house one day and see your stuff on the side of the road because you didn’t pay on the home equity loan that you never should’ve taken out in the first place.” Mildred had lost over thirty thousand in a private poker match a few years back and had put the house as collateral. After that incident, she’d stopped gambling for almost a year.

“I know, babygirl. I know.”

After hanging up with her mother, Traci finished munching on apple slices while thinking about her plans for the rest of the week. The thought of seeing Sean again made her heart palpitate, and Friday couldn’t get there fast enough. She’d meant what she’d said about mixing business with pleasure, especially since she knew it wouldn’t go any further than sex if they were ever to hook up. Of course, the thought of being handcuffed to his bedpost and him bestowing kisses all over her was a plus. However, she didn’t like the fact of a meaningless fling considering she respected his mother and his sisters. She wouldn’t be able to look them straight in the eyes again.

As she drifted to sleep that night, Traci hoped she wouldn’t dream about Sean but took it back because dreaming of him would be better than nothing at all.

*****

Sean stared down at the display on his cell phone as he waited for his last client of the day. Traci had just arrived earlier to his home, and thanks to his over-the-top security system, he could see her every move. He had cameras around the entire perimeter of the outside of the house as well as inside of in the foyer, living room, and kitchen. She’d called him yesterday evening to ask if she could begin in the morning since she was taking a vacation day in order to have the Zen and hummingbird gardens planted in the same day. The nursery was set to deliver majority of the plants at nine, and she was bringing the soil and mulch that she preferred, which were sold at the Botanical Gardens.

He’d left out a basket of fresh fruit, Danishes, juice, and water for her on the island with a note for her to make herself at home, and he would see her around one, no later than two. He’d rewound her response to the note almost ten times just to see her lovable dimples indent deeply as she read it over and over. Clearly she was pleased at his gesture while he was shocked that he’d done so. It was on the edge of being romantic and that was something he didn’t do, but to see her face light up like that had spun his stomach into some sort of frenzy he couldn’t explain.

As his assistant tapped on his door, Sean shut his cell phone completely off and called out for her to bring in his next client. He glanced at the schedule on his computer to read off the person’s name. That was something he would’ve already done, but thinking of Traci was throwing him off and he couldn’t have that. His patients and their issues were very important to him.

An hour later, he darted back to his desk and turned his cell phone back on. Has it always been this slow coming on, he thought as it took forever for the display screen to show up so he could type in his passcode and get back to what was going on in his house. Sean found Traci in the backyard setting out potted flowers along the walkway of the hummingbird garden. Her hair was clamped up on top of her head. It was messy and sexy all at the same time. Plus, she was sweating. He liked to see a woman sweat, but more so if he’d been the cause of it as she laid underneath or on top of him. Traci’s cut-off jean shorts hugged her cute butt and thighs in such a provocative yet tasteful way that he wondered if it was intentionally for him. Wishful thinking, he thought, running a finger along the phone’s screen when a slight bulge strained against his boxer briefs.

Sean grabbed his briefcase and headed out his office door. He needed to stop by the receptionist area on his way out with a billing question before he could finally leave. He made it to his car twenty minutes later … only to run into his older brother Cannon who was pulling up in his BMW and parked next to Sean’s SUV.

“You’re not staying?” Cannon asked, pulling his doctor’s bag out of his trunk. He sometimes did house calls for his patients who didn’t have transportation to come see him.

“Staying for what? Is there a meeting?” Sean certainly hoped not.

“No, I just know you sometimes do paperwork on Friday afternoons.”

Sean held up his briefcase. “Got everything I need in here.”

Cannon snickered and raised his brow. “Oh really? You’re going to do work over the weekend?”

“Yeah … probably tonight.”

“Tonight? No hot date with this month’s model or stripper?”

“Nope. Just chilling.” He popped his trunk with the key remote and set his briefcase inside.

“Are we still on tomorrow for golfing with Dad?” Cannon asked.

“Nah, man. I’m having my backyard landscaped, and I told the landscaper I’d help out. That’s why I’m leaving now. She’s there setting things up.” Sean was itching to glance at his cell phone, but it was in his pocket and Cannon was in his way of getting home faster.

“Oh, I see. Let me guess. She’s a drop-dead gorgeous hottie that you hope to have sex with all weekend?

“No,” Sean said seriously, unloosening his tie. “Nothing like that. Traci isn’t like that at all.” Sean couldn’t believe he’d just defended Traci, but she wasn’t some loose woman with no morals.

“Traci?” Cannon asked. “Mom’s gardening friend? Oh yeah. I met her once when she landscaped the backyard at the Arrington estate. Yeah, she’s a sweet girl. Not your type, though.”

Sean was taken aback by his brother’s comment. “What are saying, big bro? I can’t date sweet girls.”

“Naw, man. Nothing like that. I just know you’d prefer women who aren’t the settling down or marrying type. Traci is the kinda girl one would date exclusively to eventually marry not just have sex or kick it with like you always say. That’s all.”

Sean opened his car door as Cannon’s words struck something deep in him that he didn’t care to admit. “All right man, gotta jet. Tell Yasmine hello and kiss the baby’s chubby cheeks for me.”

When he arrived home, Sean found Traci still measuring and setting the potted plants where she wanted them to go. Her back was too him while she swayed back and forth to whatever music was playing in her earbuds connected to her iPod that was strapped to her arm. He stood at the edge of the sidewalk watching her in her zone, oblivious to his presence as she hummed and sensually danced to the beat. He could slightly make out the song. It sounded like a 90’s joint by Al B. Sure that he loved.

Snapping her fingers, Traci turned around and almost stumbled over the shovel lying on the ground when she saw him posed in front of her. She pulled out the earbuds, and his eyes immediately went right to them as they plopped against her breasts.

Her expression was one of embarrassment. “I had no idea you were here.” She slid the measuring tape in her pocket and stepped back with her wide eyes on him.

“Sorry to startle you. I just arrived a moment ago.” He glanced around at the progress thus far in order to tear his eyes away from her. She had to be the most adorable woman he’d ever seen, and her cute shorts with the pink T-shirt that stopped right at the top of her belly button was damn near mesmerizing.

“Well, next time say something. Do you like how the flowers are set?” She waved her hand in the air along the sidewalk. “I was just about to start planting them.”

“Yeah, I trust your judgment. Before we begin, how about something to eat? I stopped by the deli down the road and picked up some sandwiches along with a Caesar salad. It’s enough to share.”

She nodded her head. “Sounds great, and thank you for the fruit and Danishes.”

“No problem. Let’s go in. We can eat on the veranda.”

After lunch, Sean changed into shorts and a T-shirt and rejoined Traci outside. She’d already begun digging holes. He’d wanted a chance to chat with her while they ate, but she was on the phone majority of the time with the nursery about the crepe myrtles which were mistakenly not delivered with the flowers.

For the next few hours they worked together, digging the holes and planting the brightly-colored flowers which included bee balms, coral bells, and daylilies in order to attract the hummingbirds. There was also a trellis with a trumpet creeper that would eventually cover the entire object.

Sean enjoyed working in the garden and with her. He couldn’t think of the last time he worked on a project of some sort with a woman. He’d helped build bookshelves or some other piece of furniture. However, the women usually sat back and watched, perhaps reading the directions or cooking for him but that was about it.

He learned a lot about gardening as Traci was quite knowledgeable and easy to learn from. She made it fun and interesting. He could see himself in the future doing some light work to upkeep the gardens. He remembered his mother telling him it was relaxing plus a stress reliever and now he was experiencing it. It was quite peaceful with the birds in his neighbor’s trees chirping. It was a warm, spring day with an occasional light breeze, and he was in the presence of a very beautiful woman.

Traci sighed as the last bee balm was planted. She wiped the sweat from her brow which left soil from her glove on her forehead.

“Finished. For now.” Her eyes glanced to the other back corner of the yard where the Zen garden was going to be located.

“Yep. I think we work really well together. Don’t you?” He took the last swig from his water bottle and tossed it in the garbage bag with the empty plastic pots.

She nodded her head as her eyes gazed around the yard. “Yeah. We did it in half of the time. Let’s take a break, and then we can tackle the Zen garden. At this rate, your backyard will be complete next week as opposed to three weeks like I originally estimated.” She grabbed the garbage bag to tie it up. “I’ll just carry this to the street.”

“Nonsense.” He snatched the bag from her, tied it, and holstered it over his left shoulder. Reaching his free hand out, he rubbed the dirt off of her forehead, and she wrinkled it while sucking in her breath as soon as he touched her. “Don’t worry. I’m not going to kiss you, as tempting as that is.” He winked and walked away before he broke his promise. He couldn’t trust himself for his hands and lips were urging him to forget getting to know her better. Her luscious lips were enticing him to kiss her deep and hard right there in the garden on the bench. They were already dirty and sweaty. Plus, now Traci figured she only had a week left. He knew the pergola company was coming on Monday to build it along with the fire pit in one of the corners of it. She was planting the roses on Wednesday. What was really left? A few more plants here and there along the walking paths to the different areas. She’d mentioned some outdoor furniture under the pergola as well since it was so huge and the fire pit area wasn’t that big.

When he returned to the backyard, he found her on the veranda munching apple slices and sitting crisscrossed on the rug in front of the unlit fireplace.

“You can sit on the couch,” he said, crashing on to it and patting his hand on the cushion next to him.

“Nah, I’m sweaty. Besides, I’ve always been a floor person. I’m good.”

“I see you like apples.” He’d remembered she’d grabbed one earlier from the basket when she’d first arrived.

“Yep. I like to dip them in peanut butter.” She finished the slice and laid back on the floor, propped up on her elbows.

Okay, this is going too far, he thought. How am I supposed to be a gentleman with her lying there like that? Sure it was innocent, but I what want to do isn’t.

“I have some in the pantry. You could’ve gotten it.”

“Didn’t want to go through your things.”

“I told you to make yourself at home, dimples.”

As soon as he said it, she graced him with a beautiful smile that highlighted those sexy dimples. The strain against his shorts was pure torture and if he didn’t leave soon, he’d join her on the floor to make her even sweatier. He abruptly stood as her questioning eyes landed on him. He noted a slight gulp. Perhaps she was feeling the same way.

“I’m going to go back and start digging the hole for the Japanese maple. Relax, and the peanut butter is in the pantry for the rest of your slices.”

*****

Traci splashed cold water on her face and raised her head to glance at herself in the mirror. She’d bolted to the powder room off of the great room after Sean had announced he was going back outside to continue working. The expression he displayed when she smiled was one of hunger and desire. A desire she knew was for her. He’d worn that same face after he’d kissed her at the nursery, and for a second she thought he was about to join her on the floor to ravish her senseless. In the horny state she was in at the moment, she would’ve gladly accepted, but that wasn’t their agreement. He’d said he wanted for them to get to know each other during the course of landscaping his yard. That surprised her considering his reputation, but she had to keep her wits about her and not read too much into it. He was a psychiatrist and a player who was probably messing with her head even though her heart yearned to believe him.

Traci didn’t realize just how horribly dirty she appeared in front of Sean. There was still a smudge of dirt on her forehead that he’d tried to rub off as well as in her hair and on her clothes. How he could possibly be attracted to her while she looked a horrid mess was unbelievable. He was used to dolled-up, high maintenance model types not a short, quirky klutz of a horticulturist who loved playing in the earth.

Being around that fine specimen was pure torture. When she’d first agreed to the job, she thought she could handle it. She’d figured he wouldn’t be assisting her because gardening wasn’t his cup of tea. Not only was he helping, but that damn kiss had wreaked havoc on her, making it hard to concentrate. Luckily, neither of them had mentioned it even though she’d caught him staring at her lips a few times with a seriously passionate glare as if he was going to yank her to him and make love to her in the middle of the mulch pile.

Traci splashed the cold water on her face one more time to calm her down, scrubbed the dirt off of her forehead, and headed back to the backyard.

When she emerged from the enclosed veranda, she was quite elated at the scene before her. Sean had taken off his shirt, exposing the most delicious muscular back she’d ever laid eyes. She gulped slightly and was going to head over to where he was, but her feet were rooted to the ground as she continued to stare with her eyes nearly bulging out of the sockets. His chocolate muscles glistened with sweat and tightened every time he slung the shovel over his shoulder. She was finally able to see the tattoo on his upper arm that went all the way around to his shoulder and chest. It was some type of bird. An eagle or falcon, with its wings flared and the tail part is what she’d caught a glimpse of the other day. Whatever it was had piqued her interest of him even more, and her breathing stifled as she fantasized running her fingers and tongue along his chiseled physique.

Traci needed another round of face splashing with ice cold water now, but she still couldn’t move. She bit the knuckle of her right index finger while she continued to enjoy the view in front of her. Her mind raced with an idea, so she pulled her cell phone out of her pocket, and hurriedly typed in her passcode. She groaned as her nervousness made her mistype it three times. Once she was in, she pushed the camera icon, made sure the phone was on silent, and quickly snapped three pictures. Pushing the off button, she slid the phone back into her pocket as her heart pulsated with anxiety.

Sean glanced over his shoulder and released a mischievous smile in her direction.

“See something you like? Or something you want? Perhaps need?” he asked, turning full frontal to reveal his hard chest and rippling abdomen muscles.

She couldn’t help but exhale loud enough for him to hear, and a knowing grin formed across his dangerously handsome face.

Dang it. I put my cell phone away too soon.

“I’ll take that as a yes.” His tone was dark and seductive. She almost gave him the answer he wanted to hear as a heat wave rushed over her. She needed more than to splash cold water on her face. Now she needed a dump truck full of ice poured over her and even that still wouldn’t be enough to put out the blaze that ran crazy through her.

“No, I was going to ask you if you wanted some water.” She stepped back as if she was headed inside. She was glad her feet could move even though they were as heavy as two cinderblocks.

“Uh huh. Sure, some cold water will be fine … for now, dimples.” He winked and turned around to finish digging the hole.

For the rest of the afternoon, they continued to work on the Zen garden. Besides the Japanese maple and a few hostas, there weren’t any plants. Instead, they spent the time arranging different size stones and building a bamboo fence around the area. A company that specialized in Zen gardens had installed a koi pond the other day and would return on Saturday to finish.

Unfortunately, Sean had put his T-shirt back on, but in a way she was relieved so she wouldn’t drool in front of him … or worse, reach out and rub the bird which she realized up close was an eagle. When they finished, she was a little disappointed but yet relieved because the urges she had for him were growing stronger by every passing second.

“So I guess you’re going to sleep like a baby tonight,” he said as they headed inside the veranda. He plopped on the couch and she settled for her same spot on the floor.

“Eventually. I’m going out tonight.” She glanced at the time on her cell phone and noticed she had a few missed text messages from Caitlyn and her mom. She was terrified to read what Mildred had to say.

“Oh, hot date?” His voice went up in an octave.

She noted his tone with a slight smirk. “Nope. Me and my friend, Caitlyn.

“Where are ya’ll headed?”

She shrugged. “Not sure,” she answered, scrolling through her text messages to check if Caitlyn had suggested anyplace, but instead she’d asked Traci where she wanted to go. “Probably somewhere on Beale Street to eat and listen to jazz.”

“You ladies should check out Lillian’s Dinner and Blues Club. My brother-in-law, Justin Richardson, owns the place.”

She nodded, trying to keep her eyes away from his. “I’ve been. Your mother told me about it. I took my brother there when he came home to visit the last time.”

“Didn’t know you had a brother.”

“Yep, it’s just me and him. I’m the oldest by three years. He’s in the Army and stationed in Hawaii.”

Sean’s face brightened. “That’s the perfect place to be stationed. A lot of fine hon— restaurants and beaches.” He cleared his throat. “Are your parents still alive?”

“My mother is. My dad died about eight years ago. She took it very hard. They’d been married for thirty years but together for thirty-five. They were high school sweethearts.”

“Aww … man. Sorry to hear that. I’m sure she did take it very hard. Is she dating or anything?”

Just a gambling addiction, she thought. “Not really. She’s had a few blind dates and has gone to some senior citizen functions but no.”

“Mmm ...” He nodded but didn’t say anything else.

Traci wondered what was going on in his psychiatrist train of thought brain. She wanted to tell him about her mother’s addiction to gambling, but she didn’t know him that well. Besides, she never discussed family business. It was something her parents taught her from an early age, and she always had a hard time confiding in people as she grew older. Instead, she kept her thoughts bottled up inside and dealt with situations herself, such as her mom.

She stretched and raised herself off of the floor. He stood as well. “I’m going to go, but I’ll be back tomorrow at two to oversee the guys finish the koi pond. Will you be home?” Please say no. wait say yes. Ugh!

“I should be back by then. Going to the veteran’s center in the morning, but you have a key, dimples. Use it anytime.” His last sentence was so tempting, and she actually believed he meant anytime.

Turning on her heel, she headed toward the kitchen. She grabbed her tote bag that sat next to the fruit basket and trekked to the great room.

“So if you’re interested in going to Lillian’s, I can call Justin and get you a VIP table. It’s quite busy on Friday nights.”

“Thank you. We were thinking of going out around eight.”

“All right. I’ll call him in a moment.” He hesitated as they reached the foyer. “I think we got a lot accomplished today,” he said, following her to the front door. “We work well together.”

“Yes, I’m glad you were available. If not, this could’ve taken much longer.”

“Mmm then I’ll have to find more projects for you to do. My front yard could use some more color instead of just the shrubs. What do you horticulturists call it? Curb appeal?”

“Something like that,” Traci said, speeding up her steps before she gave into her desires. “We’ll see. Maybe we can work on another project.” She opened the front door, but Sean’s hand reached over her and slammed it shut.

Wrapping his hands around her waist, he pulled her toward him and lowered his lips to the back of her neck. A soft sigh released from her throat while his mouth lightly laid tender kisses on her skin that burned with each passing erotic moment.

“What kind of project do you have in mind?” he whispered in her ear.

“Um … you can add different ... colors of tulips … um … goodness … to liven the space up amongst the shrubs,” she managed to stammer out as his tongue continued to caress her. “Or … um … some other colorful …” She stopped as his hands roamed down her sides and clamped her hips.

“Not what I meant, dimples. I think perhaps we could work well together in other areas of my home. Don’t you?”

She leaned her head back against his chest but then pulled away, reaching for the door knob once more. This time he didn’t stop her, but she looked at him over her shoulder.

“Perhaps.”





Chapter Five


Perhaps, and the meaningful way Traci had said it, trampled over in Sean’s mind like a broken record as he drove to Lillian’s. He was able to arrange a table up front for Traci and her friend so they would have a better view of the band. Apparently Caitlyn had a thing for musicians and wanted to be as close as possible to the stage. Sean hadn’t planned on going, but he couldn’t shake Traci out of his thoughts, so by nine o’clock, he was headed downtown. He had to see her again. He needed to know that she was serious because the truth was he wanted her more than he deemed possible … and not in just a sexual way, which is the part that scared him the most. That fact alone was why he had to lay eyes on her again before he drove himself insane. What had transpired earlier as she was leaving wasn’t normal. Any other woman he would not have let walk out the door, but with Traci he wanted to take it slow. He wanted to get to know her and find more ways to make her laugh just to see those damn delicious dimples.

Once he had made it inside the restaurant, his eyes scanned the place. A few women smiled at him or seductively roamed their eyes over his physique. While they were indeed fine, they didn’t stimulate anything in him at all. That’s when Sean knew something was definitely wrong, and he blamed Traci with her perhaps nonsense.

No, it’d started before that. He sighed as he rehashed in his head what moment had him feigning for the quirky horticulturist. Maybe it was when she was dancing in the garden—not knowing he was there watching—and he’d yearned to join her. Maybe it was when he’d tasted her luscious lips among the potted crepe myrtles. Or maybe it was when he had heard her infectious laughter for the first time at the orchid repotting workshop.

Whatever it was had him out searching for her and ignoring ten phone calls along with a slew of text messages from three different women in the last two hours. He’d gotten so sick of hearing his cell phone ringing and beeping that he almost tossed it out his sunroof. Instead, he locked it in the glove compartment.

“Hey man!”

Sean turned around to see his best friend, Dr. Garrett Braxton. They’d been best buds since they’d met in their first year at Meharry Medical College.

The gentlemen proceeded with their secret fraternity handshake unbeknownst to others around them. “What’s up, man? You just got here?”

“Yeah. I was somewhat caught off guard when you called and suggested we meet at Lillian’s instead. I thought we were hanging at the strip club,” Garrett said as the men headed to the bar and found two empty bar stools.

Sean sat facing away from the bar. “Nah … change of plans,” he answered as his eyes finally landed on the vision of loveliness he was searching for. It took him a moment because her hair was different. It wasn’t down in curls around her shoulders or up in a bouncy ponytail. Instead, it was straight down her back and danced like silk every time she moved her head. She wasn’t her wearing her glasses, but she was wearing an off the shoulder blouse that displayed her sun-kissed satin skin.

“I see,” Garrett said, rubbing his low-cut beard. “So let me guess. The flavor of the month told you to meet her here?”

He cut his eyes at his best friend. Rotating the bar stool toward him, Sean stated seriously, “No, and she’s not like that.”

“Wait? What?” Garrett slammed his hand on the bar. “Bartender, I need a shot … no, make it two shots of Patron.”

“I don’t drink tequila,” Sean said as the young lady poured the shots and set one of them in front of him.

Garrett slid the other shot glass toward him. “These are both for me. I’m speechless right now. Has the player finally found the one who will make him not go to the strip club to watch Champagne and Sapphire shake their big, beautiful butts and breasts in his face?”

“Okay, when you say it like that it is tempting, but no. Not tonight. I needed to confirm something.”

“And what’s that?”

“I think I’m falling in love,” Sean said quietly before downing both shots of tequila.

*****

“So glad you suggested we come to Lillian’s,” Caitlyn said, swaying back and forth to the sounds of the blues band on the stage. “These crab cakes are delicious. I may need to order another batch along with one more Long Island iced tea.”

“Yeah, me, too. Good thing we live downtown and can take the trolley home. These drinks are so strong but so good.” Traci sipped on her margarita. After spending all day with Sean, she needed to get her mind off of him. However, it was no use because she constantly kept kicking herself for not turning around and letting him do whatever he wanted against his front door.

Caitlyn stared over Traci’s head and nodded with a sexy smile in the direction of the bar.

Traci wiped the barbeque sauce from her beef ribs off of her mouth. “Who are you making goo goo eyes with?”

“Two fine gentlemen who keep staring over here … and um … well let’s just say one of them is checking you out.”

“Girl, please. My back has been to the bar for the majority of the time. He doesn’t know what I look like.”

“I’m sure Dr. Sean Arrington knows exactly how you look, smell, feel, and taste.”

With the mention of his name, a cold shiver traveled through every cell of Traci’s body, and she was suddenly excited plus afraid at the same time. Slowly, she glanced over her shoulder, and her eyes landed on the penetrating gaze of his ruggedly handsome face. He met her stare in a commanding stance, mesmerizing her as heat pooled between her legs. Goodness she wanted this man, and if he asked her to leave with him that night, she’d willingly go—no questions asked.

Turning toward Caitlyn, Traci tossed her napkin down on the table and grabbed her purse off of the empty chair next to her. “What’s he doing now?”

“Still gazing.” Caitlyn bit into the last crab cake. “Where’s the waiter?” She glanced around and caught his attention. She ordered another batch of crab cakes along with a pitcher of sangria.

Traci rummaged through her purse and pulled out her makeup bag to find her compact mirror. “And now?” She was seriously about to pass out from nervousness, and she hated that. No man had ever unraveled her up like Sean.

“Girl, get up and go over there,” Caitlyn demanded.

“Nooooo. Can’t do that.” She refreshed her lip gloss and ran her fingers through her straight hair. She was relieved her hairdresser was able to take her at the last minute after planting Sean’s garden. Her hair had been a mess with dirt, mulch, and sweat imbedded in it.

“Why not?”

Traci closed her compact and tossed it back in her makeup bag. “He’ll think I’m desperate or something.”

“Yeah, or something. Smitten. Drunk in love. Or rather lust. You’ve been hot and heavy over this cat since his mom showed you his picture a few years ago. Now your fantasy is a reality. Don’t miss out on this opportunity. Do something about it. The man is fine, and according to you a nice guy.”

“I don’t want to waste my time with him. He loves his single life. I don’t want a fling. Maybe if I was still in college or in my early twenties, but I just turned thirty.”

“So you’re ready to settle down with one man?”

“I didn’t say that either. I enjoy being single, but not in the same way he does. I want to date someone with the possibility of leading to a committed, monogamous relationship and hopefully one day marriage.”

Caitlyn looked over Traci’s head once more and grinned. “Well, you need to decide something because here he comes.”

“Oh my goodness! How do I look?”

“You look gorgeous, doll,” Caitlyn answered sincerely.

“What is he wearing?”

“Black slacks and a buttoned down black shirt with purple stripes. Very sexy, indeed.”

“Girl, stop ogling over my man,” Traci teased.

“Oh. He’s your man now? Don’t worry. Not my type, but his friend is kind of hot. He’s ruggedly handsome and chocolate with a low-cut beard. Not as tall as Sean but he could definitely get it.”

“Mmm, he does sound hot.”

“Concentrate on one man and not my future baby daddy.”

Traci laughed, which she needed to do to shake off the goose bumps that were just under her skin waiting to press through. “You’re a mess, Cait.”

“They’re almost here …”

*****

“Traci has a cute friend or are you still trying to get into Zaria Richardson’s panties?” Sean asked as he and Garrett made their way over to the ladies’ table.

“Nah … she has turned me down more times than I care to mention. I don’t even know why I was interested in that uppity diva.”

“Because she’s fine, independent, and successful. Did I mention fine? She’s gorgeous. Not my type, but all she needs is a brother like you to calm her down.”

“Whatever. I’m curious to meet the woman who has made you change your mind about the strip club.”

Sean glanced at his friend. He knew Garrett didn’t mean a word of what he’d just said considering he kept gazing around Lillian’s, searching for the restaurant’s event coordinator that he was infatuated with. Garrett had met Zaria a few years ago when she’d planned a fundraiser event for the Distinguished Gentlemen of Memphis. She was indeed a knock-out with long legs, slamming body, and luxurious hair that touched just at the top of her butt. Even though Sean liked that type, she was too bossy and over-the-top for him. Garrett, on the other hand, seemed to like her high maintenance ways. For some reason he found her intriguing, whereas Sean found her annoying at times.

As the men approached the ladies’ table, Traci flashed Sean a gracious smile, making him forget about the strip club and every other female he’d ever laid eyes on.

“Good evening, ladies.” Sean nodded his head. “Enjoying yourselves?” Even though he was speaking to them both, his stare never left Traci’s face. Tilting his head to the side, he noticed she had on a little makeup. He’d never seen her wear it before, and personally, he preferred her natural face. However, it was just enough to highlight her cheekbones and enhance her dazzling eyes even more. Eyes that held a look of promise that he found quite stimulating.

“Yes. Thank you so much for hooking us up with a table. It’s crowded tonight, but Justin came over to say hello and gave us a round of free drinks along with a plate of crab cakes. They’re delicious.”

“Yep. My brother-in-law can throw down.” He paused, remembering he wasn’t alone. “Ladies, this is my best friend and frat brother, Dr. Garrett Braxton. Garrett meet Traci and Caitlyn.”

Caitlyn held out her hand to Garrett who brought it to his lips and kissed it tenderly. She withdrew her hand slowly as her face flushed. “Nice to meet both of you. Would you two care to join us? There’s plenty of room.” She removed her purse from the chair to her right and gave Garrett a sexy smile as she motioned for him to sit down.

Sean glanced at Traci, who was amused by her friend’s flirtatious actions, and he slid into the other empty chair. “So do you mind, dimples?”

“Of course not. You’re the reason why we were able to get a table.” She handed him a menu.

“Thank you.”

The blues band began to play their rendition of B.B. Kings “Why I Sing the Blues” and a crowd headed to the dance floor.

Caitlyn stood, rocking to the upbeat tempo. Pulling down her short blue dress that had risen to her thighs, she grabbed Garrett by the hands and dragged him to out to the floor. Sean was relieved when they left. He wanted all of Traci’s attention on him even though she kept trying to avoid him by glancing at the band and stirring the melted ice around in her glass.

“You could use another drink.”

“Caitlyn ordered a pitcher of sangria.” She stopped stirring and looked at him for the first time since their friends had left. “I’m sure it will be here soon.”

“Did you drive?”

“I took the trolley.”

“Oh, you live in downtown?”

“Yep. Lofts at Union Alley.”

“Mmm … I’m surprised. I thought you’d have a house with gardens like the Biltmore Mansion in your backyard.”

A saddened, faraway look reached her eyes for a moment and vanished the next. “Nope. One day, though. I’m saving. Between student loans and a few credit card bills I ran up in grad school, it will be a while. Plus, when I was growing up I always wanted to live downtown. So when I moved back to Memphis, I decided to do so. I love it here and it’s not far from work.”

“Yes, downtown has definitely changed since we were growing up.” He glanced over the menu that he knew by heart. He usually ordered the same entrée—Justin’s New Orleans gumbo—and wasn’t even sure why he was perusing the chef specials. He’d eaten dinner earlier with his dad, but he still wanted some seafood gumbo. Sean closed it and placed his focus on the stunning woman sitting across from him. Too bad she wasn’t on the menu as he suddenly became hungry for her. Her perfume had wafted in his direction and the light rose scent was stimulating him once again. The cold shower he took after she left that afternoon needed to be repeated.

He leaned over the table. “Surprised to see me here?”

“Not really,” she said with a shrug.

He chuckled. “Oh, so you’re used to men chasing you?”

She swished her lips to the side and raised an arched eyebrow. “Uh huh … so you’re chasing me?” Tossing the napkin from her lap unto the table, she sat back in her chair with a mischievous grin.

He frowned. That’s not what he was doing. Was it? He cleared his throat and sat up straight in his chair as the warmth of the tequila began to race through him.

“I don’t chase after women, sweetheart, but when I see something I want, I go after it.”

Her cheeks filled with a red hue as she tried to stifle a smile that was forming. “Um … isn’t that the same thing?”

He leaned over the table once more and grabbed her hands that began to tremble in his “Not when what I want wants me, too.”

“You sure are full of yourself.”

“Some may think so, but I’m simply going off of that delectable kiss we shared the other day. Plus, the way you looked at me when I was digging the hole for the maple earlier. I could feel your eyes burning on my back.”

“The sun was out,” Traci answered matter-of-factly.

Sean laughed at her cute back and forth banter. He may shake her nerves for he could sense when she was flustered with him, but she wasn’t one of those women who he could run over and say anything to.

“Yeah, it was.” He rubbed his thumbs on her palms. “Made you all hot and sweaty.”

“Well, it certainly wasn’t you.” She grabbed her glass and drank what was left of her melted ice.

“Not yet. Then again … maybe so. I saw you squirm a tad when I asked you to landscape my yard. That desk didn’t hide much. It was all over your beautiful face.”

“Perhaps you’re over analyzing things.”

“Perhaps we should leave.”

“I came with my girl.”

“She looks happy to me on the dance floor with my boy.”

“Is that why he’s here? To keep Caitlyn occupied?”

“Maybe I just want you all to myself.”

Her eyes glazed over and her succulent lips parted. He noticed her squirm in her seat, and he had an inkling she would leave with him.

“What’s up, Sean?” a female voice said. He looked up and laid his eyes on Zaria; he wasn’t happy at all about the interruption. He was ready to hear Traci’s answer, not chit chat with Garrett’s crush.

“Hey. This is Traci Reed. Traci, this is Zaria Richardson, Justin’s cousin and the event planner here at the restaurant.”

The ladies shook hands and Zaria proceeded to sit down. Apparently she’d missed the memo where he didn’t want her to stay. He was ready to leave with Traci.

“So, Sean, will you be at the meeting tomorrow at Raven’s home to discuss your parents’ wedding anniversary dinner? You missed the last one, and its less than six weeks away.”

“Yeah, I’ll be there, but Cannon updated me on the information. Sorry I missed it, but I had another appointment.” Which was true. It was the same day as his first meeting with Traci. “Your man is on the dance floor getting his groove thang on,” he said, nodding in Garrett’s direction

Zaria smacked her lips and pushed her long hair that was in a high ponytail back over her left shoulder. “Not interested in anything that little man has to offer.”

“He’s right at 6 feet. Aren’t you that tall as well?”

“When I’m in heels which is all the time. A man needs to be at least your height to ride this ride and have a personality. Anyway, everything is on schedule for your parents’ party. Justin has put together a wonderful menu and is bringing samples tomorrow.”

“So I heard this will be your last big event before you move to St. Simons Island, Georgia to start an event planning company with Reagan.”

“Yes. I can’t believe it’s finally happening,” she said as her face beamed with delight. “We’ve always teased about doing it, so when she made up her mind that she was serious, I couldn’t say no. She’s worked for another event planning company on St. Simons’ for the past year and she’s familiar with the clientele.”

“How does Justin feel about you leaving Lillian’s?”

His eyes diverted to the dance floor for a moment, and he noticed Garrett looking in their direction. Sean hoped his friend wouldn’t make it back over, but the way Caitlyn was dancing on him it was doubtful he’d leave the floor anytime soon.

“I can’t work for him forever. I need to have my own business and Justin understands. Besides, Reagan is his baby sister and he wants what’s best for both of us.”

He nodded his head. “I’m happy for you. That’s a major step, but you’re an accomplished young woman as is Reagan and Brooklyn so you ladies will be fine.”

“Thanks, Sean. Still waiting for Brooklyn to say yes. I know she loves her job at the accounting firm, but we need her expertise in that field. Plus, she’s an awesome photographer.” Zaria stood when a hostess stepped over and whispered something in her ear. “Gotta go.” She turned toward Traci. “Nice meeting you.”

Once Zaria left, he turned his focus back on Traci. “So where were we?” He hoped like hell that she was still aroused by his last comment to her before Zaria had arrived.

“Leaving.”





Chapter Six


Leaving? Did I really say we were leaving? However, that’s exactly what Traci was doing after Sean paid for her dinner, and they both waved at their friends who were cutting a rug on the dance floor. She didn’t know what had possessed her to even say that. Sure she was thinking it, but she never meant to speak it into existence. She considered telling him she was just kidding. However, the way he licked his lips and stared at her as if he was going to push the table out of the way and devour her in the middle of his brother-in-law’s restaurant, made her keep quiet. Besides, she was still on cloud nine from spending all day with him. Plus, after seeing him with his shirt off, made her want to witness it again … but next time up close and personal. Maybe even run her hand down his chest or glide it along the eagle’s wings.

She followed him silently to the door of the restaurant, wishing like hell she had her glasses on instead of her contact lenses that were bugging the heck out of her eyes. She could see fine without her glasses or contacts, but sometimes when going out to places with low lighting, she preferred to have either or in order to read the menu without squinting. Unfortunately, she’d been in a hurry because Caitlyn—who lived in the same loft apartment building—had a pet peeve of being late, so Traci had rushed to put them in just as the doorbell rang. Now they were irritating her, and she’d neglected to toss her eye drops in her purse. It had been on her list of things to do before leaving, but once Caitlyn had arrived and reminded her of the time of their reservation, Traci shook her hair wrap down, swiped her purse from the kitchen island, and headed to the last trolley that would get them there in a timely manner.

However, there she was standing outside with irritated eyes while praying that her short, flared leather skirt didn’t do a Marilyn Monroe blow up as she waited with Sean for the next trolley to arrive. Since he’d parked his car at the Peabody and walked the few blocks to Beale Street, he decided to leave his car there for now. Traci still couldn’t believe she formed her mouth to invite him to her little one room loft. She’d invited only two other men there, but it was after plenty of dates, and they didn’t go past first base. She hadn’t even been on a date with Sean, and she was fantasizing about sprinting past all of the bases to a home run.

Sean had grabbed her hand earlier as they’d walked through the crowds of people still waiting to get in and it was still nestled in his. Her fingers intertwined with his was warm and comforting like a bowl of homemade chili, and she almost didn’t want the trolley to arrive anytime soon just so she could be joined with him for a little while longer. At the same time, she couldn’t wait to get back to her apartment to be joined with him in other ways. When the Riverfront Loop trolley arrived, not once did he let go of her hand. In fact, he squeezed it harder when they stepped onto the almost full trolley, and he glanced over his shoulder to grace her with an alluring smile. After he paid for them both, he led her to an empty seat and pulled her onto his lap. She was surprised she didn’t protest, but A) there wasn’t anywhere else to sit and B) that’s where she wanted to be: nestled in his strong arms that were now wrapped around her waist, and her body meshed against his hard chest. His enticing scent filled their small space, and the noise from the other passengers was blocked from his breathing in her ear.

“Comfortable?” Sean asked as his tongue flicked against her earlobe when he spoke.

Traci didn’t know if it was on purpose or not, but that didn’t stop the tingling sensation to swirl through her like a tornado.

“Yes. Are you?”

“Very.”

The noisy college-aged crowd of about ten got off at the next stop making the seat next to Sean available. She tried to slide off his lap, but instead he held her tighter and kissed her softly on the lips.

“Where are you going?” he asked with a cocky smirk followed by a gentle tug of her bottom lip with his teeth.

“Nowhere,” she whispered, returning the kiss but deepening it as their tongues twirled around slowly together. She couldn’t believe the power this man possessed over her. She was never one for public displays of affection. Maybe a peck on the cheek or holding hands, but not sitting on his lap and kissing him as if no one else was there. However, with Sean she forgot the world around her, and she was able to let go of her inhibitions, not caring about what others were witnessing or thinking.

He ended their kiss when the trolley stopped, and she opened her eyes to peer out at her surroundings. People were passing by them to get off, and she realized this was her stop as well when she noticed one of her neighbors. Reluctantly sliding off of Sean’s lap, she grabbed his hand.

“This is our stop.”

Afterwards, they walked hand-in-hand until they made it to her second floor loft apartment. She rattled her brain trying to remember whether or not her clothes were still scattered on the bed. She’d had an inkling Sean would show up tonight at the restaurant, and she wanted to wear something sexy which was why she settled on the black, off-the-shoulder blouse and the leather skirt with heels. At least the four-inch strappy sandals gave her a little extra height. At five-two and a half—she always claimed her half—she felt so tiny next to men his height, and considering she was barely a size four she felt even smaller. She remembered overhearing his mom and sisters saying that Sean preferred the model-type, such as the girl who was at his house the other day. Or even Zaria, who should’ve been on a catwalk in every fashion show for Givenchy and other iconic designer brands.

Once she unlocked the door, Sean followed her in. When she tossed her keys and purse on the little table by the door, her breathing became unhinged as she felt his overwhelming presence behind her. She was scared to move or look at him. Now that he was there, she was terrified of his next move. When he didn’t say anything, she turned toward him.

“You want something to eat or drink?”

“What do you have?” he asked as his eyes glanced around her cozy loft and rested back on her.

“Water, wine, and juice.”

“Wine sounds good.”

“You can have a seat on the couch,” she said, motioning toward the little seating area as she trekked toward the kitchen. She kept an eye on him while she pulled the glasses out of the cabinet. He hadn’t sat down yet. Instead, he roamed around the room looking at her décor and the few pictures of her family she had displayed on a bookshelf. She glanced at the bed in the corner when she noticed him look in that direction. Thankfully, she did hang up her clothes, but now she was wondering if he would even fit in the bed with her. She shook her head of those thoughts as anticipation trembled through her and she almost dropped the bottle of wine.

“This is a nice place you have here. I love the exposed brick and the ceiling beams.” He plopped on the off-white couch and sat his car keys on the coffee table next to her chess set. “I see you play chess.” He fiddled with a few of the pieces. “Are you any good?”

She handed him his wine and sat next to him. “I was on the chess team from middle school to college, and I have plenty of trophies at my mother’s house. So yes, I’m good. Quite good actually.”

A curious expression washed over his face while he sipped the pinot grigio. Placing the wine glass on the table, he leaned back on the couch and pulled her toward him. He rested his forehead on hers and his pupils turned dark; she recognized the gleam in his eyes. He wanted her, and he was in luck for she wanted him as well. She definitely knew why she’d invited him back to her place, and it wasn’t to admire the architectural designs or discuss chess. Her curiosity had gotten the best of her, and she could no longer hold out.

He traveled a finger down her arm. “I would love to see just how good you are,” he said in a heavy, amorous tone.

She gulped and her breathing unraveled. “Do you have any … condoms? I’ve never had unprotected sex before.”

An amused smirk appeared before he burst out into a loud, sarcastic laugh. He backed off of her. “Um … I was referring to us playing chess.”

Her face flushed with heat as she shook her head back and forth as the embarrassment of her question filled the atmosphere. She tried to speak but couldn’t. She couldn’t even glance in his direction. Instead, she stared straight ahead at her father’s chess set.

He handed her his wine glass. “Would you like some wine?” he asked with a muffled laugh.

“N–no. I’m so embarrassed right now. I thought … well, I mean … you … I never know with you.”

“Its fine, but at least I know you prefer condoms. That’s makes two of us. So do you want to play chess with me?”

She finally looked at him. “You can play?”

“I play very well. I, too, have some trophies at my parents’ home.”

“All right. Let’s see what you can do.”

He snickered and grabbed her to him once more as a meek gasp escaped her throat. “Okay … but I’ll have to take a trip to the drug store first,” he said jokingly with a wink.

“Ha ha. Very funny.” She wrestled out of his embrace and stood. “I’m going to take my contacts out and then come back to whip your ass.” She paused, remembering the whip she saw on his kitchen island. “In chess.”

His stare turned wicked. “Nah … I think it’s safe to say I’ll be the one doing the spanking no matter what game we’re playing.”

*****

For the next hour they played chess and sipped wine while trying to outsmart the other. Sean was quite impressed. She could indeed play, and her concentration was impeccable. He tried to break it by gazing at her intently in a seductive manner or running his foot up her bare leg under the kitchen table. Nothing he did could faze her except the one time he ran his tongue over his bottom lip. She winced for a second before clearing her throat and knocking his last knight out of the way. He was stumped. Dumbfounded. He’d spent so much time to break her concentration that he hadn’t realized what had happened. No matter which way he moved any of his pieces, she’d set it up where his king would be defeated.

“You wanna play again?” she asked, peering at him over her glasses before setting them on the table next to all the chess pieces she seized from his side.

Chuckling, he poured himself another glass of wine. “No. It’s clear to me I can’t play chess with a pretty girl.”

She nodded her head with a gloating expression. “Uh huh. You spent all that time trying to break my concentration and ended up losing, but you made some smooth moves as well.”

He bounced out of the chair and drew her up to him. “You want to experience some more of my smooth moves.”

“What do you have in mind?”

“Wait right here.”

Remembering the crate of records he saw on the floor in front of her bookshelf, he skipped off in that direction. He stooped down and thumbed through her jazz collection.

“Sweet,” he said, holding up a Thelonious Monk record. “You have all of the classics.”

“They belonged to my father. I grew up listening to jazz and blues thanks to him. He played them all the time.”

Sean raised himself back up and noticed the record player on the second shelf. Turning it on, he placed the record on it. He hadn’t played one in years, so he carefully set the needle on the first song as to not scratch it. He was certain her father’s collection was sentimental to her.

“Brilliant Corners” filled the room, and he made the few steps back to her and pulled her to him once more, encircling his arms around her waist.

“So you’re going to show me your dance moves?”

“For now.” He twirled them around as she giggled uncontrollably.

Sean was surprised at himself tonight. When he’d first arrived, his intent was to grab her to him and kiss her senseless before she could close the door. His manhood was still half awake from spending all day with her planting his garden. However, for some reason he knew it wasn’t time yet even if she thought it was.

After the third song, they crashed on the couch with her straddling his lap while facing him and still laughing. He glanced at the clock on the bookshelf. It was after midnight. He’d been having so much fun with her he hadn’t thought about the time. Usually when he was with a woman, or women, they’d be on round two by now, but with Traci he was enjoying himself and sex wasn’t even on his mind, or at least not in the forefront. Not that he didn’t want her for he did. He couldn’t believe the willpower he possessed. If she was any other woman, he would’ve carried her to the bed after their dance. No wait. There never would’ve been a dance or a chess game. His idea of foreplay were things such as hot oil massages or kissing her all over until she begged for him to put it in.

“What are you thinking?” she asked, running her tongue over his mouth. He caught it between his lips and sucked on it.

“That you taste like heaven.”

Delving his tongue into her mouth, he deepened their kiss as moans of relief escaped her. She was more passionate than he expected which rippled into him as he reached under her skirt and grasped her hips to steady himself from her fervent kisses. He could feel her panties through his pants and they were hot. He wanted to glide his hand down to witness just how hot and wet she was for him, but he didn’t. Instead, he left her mouth and slid his tongue down her neck, rolling it around and gently nibbling as she held unto his head. Her soft moans mixed in with her whispering his name were doing him in. Sean didn’t know how much longer he could hold on, but he wanted to taste all of her before going any further.

“Oh, Sean. That feels wonderful.”

He skated lower to her collarbone and down to the top of her blouse. Pulling it down, he exposed her strapless black bra. She yanked the blouse and the bra down to her waist to reveal her bountiful breasts. They weren’t too big or too small. They were just right. He figured she was a B cup. Maybe 34 or 36 bra size. Whatever size they were, they fit into his large hands as he massaged them while returning his lips to her neck which released another erotic moan from her. Moving her body up and down on him, he gripped her butt cheeks and pressed her harder onto him so she could feel the rock solidness of his erection through her panties. She leaned her head back as he planted kisses along her collarbone and down to her breasts, teasing and taunting her nipples. Squeezing his shoulders, she wrapped her legs around his waist as he lifted her and flipped her over on to the couch. Taking a nipple into his mouth once more, she let out a long purr and streaked her fingernails down his back. Traci was like a little wild cat, and she was throwing him off his game as her untamed moans resonated in the air.

“Sean … please?”

He lifted his head and positioned his lips over hers. Her eyes were feral and dark. He knew the look; she was past the point of no return.

“Please what?”

She grinded against his manhood and tightened her legs around his waist.

He captured her lips with his, kissing her intensely as she matched him with the same powerful rhythm. His body shook at the thought of being joined with her, but in the back of his mind he knew it wasn’t time yet. The more he kissed her, the deeper under her spell he was falling and he needed to get a grip … and quick. He couldn’t remember the last time this had happened; however, when he looked down into her hazy eyes he knew there hadn’t been a time before this one. She was different. Special. She was the woman who was making him think about taking it slow. As much as he wanted her right then, he also knew now wasn’t the moment no matter how much he yearned to be one with her.

Sean lifted his head and ran a loving hand along her cheek. Her dimples indented, and he kissed them both. Raising himself up and then her, he shifted so she was back on his lap facing him.

Traci ran her tongue down his neck and began to unbutton his shirt. She was making it hard for him to keep his will power in tact but he needed to. He gently clutched her hands.

“Dimples … let’s just take this slow.”

“I love when you call me dimples,” she said breathlessly, diving to his neck again to begin sucking and nibbling on it.

“You feel so good, woman, but I’m trying my damnednest not to unzip my pants.”

“But I want you to.” She kissed his lips. “I really do.”

“I know … I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I really want to continue getting to know you before we go any further. Okay?”

She stared at him with wide eyes and shook her head in disbelief. “Really?”

“Yes, really. You seem very surprised.”

“Well, I am. I just thought … well …”

“Traci, for the first time I want to take things slow. I’m literally shocking myself, too, but I like you. A lot. There’s something about you that shakes me to the pit of my stomach. When I look at your beautiful face, my heart warms up and I have this … overpowering feeling of peace and serenity. I’m surprising myself right now because I don’t pour out my heart like this, but you’re doing something strange to me that I can’t explain.”

She slid off of his lap on to the couch, but leaned back over and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you for being a gentleman.” She pulled up her blouse and tossed her bra over to her bedroom area.

“You’re welcome. I think I should be going before that goes out the window.”

They stood at the same time and he bent down to kiss her forehead. “Good night. I had a great time.”

“Me too,” she answered softly, resting her arms around his waist and straining her neck to look up at him. “You’re so tall. I’m going to have a crook in my neck from staring up at you while trying to hug you.”

He gathered her up in his arms, and she wrapped her legs around his waist. “Is that better?”

“Yes, but you can’t always pick me up to hug me.”

Walking with her to the door, he kissed her gently before placing her back on the floor. “I can and I will.” He opened the door. “Good night, dimples.”

“Good night.”

He strolled to the elevator and was surprised to see Garrett coming out of an apartment a few doors down from Traci’s. “What’s up, man?”

“Hey. I was just chilling with Cait,” Garrett said as the two men got on the elevator.

“Cool.” Sean pressed the ground floor button. “You’re going to see her again?”

“Um … maybe. I don’t know. She’s nice, but … I doubt it. So how was your evening? It’s only one o’clock in the morning. I’m surprised you aren’t spending the night.”

“Yeah, I’m surprised, too.”

“She turned you down?” They stepped off the elevator and headed to the double doors that led to the street.

“No. We agreed we’d just get to know each other first. No point in rushing.” The more he spoke it out loud he was still in shock. He had a chance to be with her tonight. Even had two magnums in his wallet.

“Wait? What? Man, you’re falling hard. Real hard.”

“Yep. I can’t believe it either, but Traci is the type of woman I’ve been searching for. She’s my kind of girl, and I intend to make her mine.”





Chapter Seven


Sean strolled into Raven’s home a few minutes before the family meeting was supposed to begin. Delicious aromas drifted to his nose and perked his taste buds. He stopped by the dining room first and peeked his head in to see the display of food that Justin set up for everyone to sample. Zaria had emailed the menu selection, and Sean couldn’t wait to taste the blackened salmon and the kale salad. He heard voices from the great room and decided to head in there even though he wanted to grab a plate of food.

Unnoticed by his family, he leaned on the entrance way as his eyes landed on his sisters Shelbi and Bria while they sat on the floor with Bria’s son, Rasheed Jr., or RJ as the toddler was affectionately called. He was rubbing his mother’s stomach for she was almost three months pregnant with her second baby. A child’s laughter filled the room and Sean turned slightly to the right to see Raven’s six-year-old twins, Isabella and Israel, playing a game on their laptop. Cannon and his wife Yasmine sat on the loveseat as Cannon rocked his one-year-old daughter, Mia, to sleep.

Sean smiled at the scene before him. His siblings had all found love in the past few years, and he’d always encouraged and supported them in their relationships. He’d counseled all of them as they confided in him in all aspects of their lives and he always kept whatever they spilled to himself. He was a psychiatrist and took his oath very seriously. He found it amusing he knew all of his siblings’ secrets, and he’d promised to never tell the others. He hadn’t, and never would. He remembered when Shelbi first moved back to Memphis after graduating from medical school. She decided to forego her residency and take a job as a food critic instead considering she also had a culinary degree. She hid the real reason, which was a patient dying under her care during her internship during her last year of medical school, and blamed herself when it actually wasn’t her fault. She’d called him the night it happened in tears, but he pretended as if he didn’t know once she told the entire family. Now she was on her last year of her residency and would join the family practice in a few months.

His family sometimes thought he was uncaring and too much into his own life, but the truth was he knew too much about their lives that the others didn’t. He pretended to be aloof when his siblings finally revealed their secrets because he already knew.

“Hey, big brother,” Bria said, coming toward him and kissing him on the cheek. Her son was on her heels and Sean scooped up the toddler who gave him a high-five in the process.

Cannon approached next. “Well, glad you can join us this time. Dad and I missed you on the greens yesterday.”

Sean handed RJ back to Bria and the brothers stepped into the empty dining room.

“Who won?”

“Dad did, but only by two strokes.”

“Cool. I wanted to hang with you, but I had to be there while the koi pond was being finished, and I helped Traci plant some flowers along the walkways.” His mind trekked back to yesterday when she arrived, and he immediately lifted her as promised in order to hug her. Her infectious laugh was enough to make him forget the promise he’d made to take it slow. However, he restrained himself and instead enjoyed spending the afternoon with her “playing in the earth” as she called it before she had to go to an event at the Botanical Gardens.

“That’s cool you’ve been helping.” Cannon’s eyes perused over the food on the table. “So everything’s done?”

“Almost. She’s there now planting tulips, and daffodils in the shrubbery bed in the front yard to give the house some color and curb appeal. All that’s left are the roses, and she’s planting them one day next week.” Sean grabbed a baby quiche from a tray on the table and popped it into his mouth.

“Perfect. I volunteer your house for the next family cookout.”

“No problem. You know I love cookouts. I’ll have one before the surprise anniversary party.”

“Are you going to invite your new friend?” Cannon asked, biting into a stuffed mushroom.

“If you’re referring to Traci, then yes. After all, she’s the reason the backyard is stunning.”

“And she’s also the reason I’ve never seen you like this. You literally beam every time you mention her. Are you cutting up your player card?”

Sean chuckled at the thought. “I’m taking it one step at a time with her, but yeah … I don’t see her as just some fling or one time tryst. She’s not that type of woman.”

Cannon patted his younger brother on the back. “Wow. I never thought I’d see the day when you would find the one that will lock you up for good. I hope she’s the one for you. I know I was blessed when Yasmine reentered my life, and I was given a second a chance to prove to her she was the only one for me. I really don’t know how I lived without her for almost twelve years.”

“I do. You buried yourself in more work to not think about it, but some good came out of it. You started Doctor’s Unlimited. You’ve helped save many lives across the world, big brother. We’re all proud of you and your accomplishments.”

Doctor’s Unlimited was a non-profit organization that Cannon and some of his friends from medical school had started in order to build medical facilities and clinics in impoverished areas that were without proper medical care.

Cannon smiled and glanced through to the living area where Yasmine was with their daughter playing peek-a-boo. “Thank you. You were definitely there for me when I needed you. I appreciate it, little bro.” He popped another stuffed mushroom in his mouth.

“I know you two are not in here eating up the samples that my husband and I worked on all morning. Save some for the others.”

They turned to find their baby sister, Shelbi, scolding them with her arms crossed against her chest and a pouty lip.

The brothers laughed as the rest of their siblings and their families joined them in the dining room. Sean stood back and watched his sisters and brother with their spouses and children. Marriage wasn’t something he’d considered, but lately he could imagine himself being married with a kid or two, maybe even a dog. The only woman that he could visualize by his side was Traci with her cute dimples, adorable smile, and her quirky personality. He glanced at his watch as Zaria arrived, and he hoped the meeting wouldn’t last too long. He wanted to catch Traci before she left. Sean excused himself to the sunroom while Justin and Shelbi explained the different selections of foods for each course.

Sean sat on the couch and checked the security cameras at his home with his cell phone. Traci was seated on the top step of his porch taking a drink of her water and scrolling through her phone. He wondered who she was calling and was pleasantly surprised when her name appeared on his screen.

“Hey, beautiful.”

“Hey, you have a minute?” she asked. “I know your family meeting begins soon.”

“I have all the time in the world for you. What’s up?”

“I just wanted to tell you that I’m done with the flowers in the front yard and would be leaving soon. I’ll make sure to lock up and set the alarm.”

He saw her stand and stride down the steps. Bending over, she picked up a black garbage bag and headed toward the curb where a few other bags sat. She was sexy as hell in cut-off jean shorts and a white T-shirt. Her calf muscles flexed every time she took a step and his stomach churned into a knot. The last thing he wanted her to do was leave.

“I was hoping you’d be there when I returned.” He frowned. He couldn’t believe he was disappointed. Normally, if one girl wasn’t available he’d just call another one, but Traci wasn’t some girl and he only wanted to see her.

“Okay, I can stay and wait or I can leave and come back. I need to take a shower and change clothes. Grab something to eat.”

“I have four bathrooms and a fridge full of food.”

“I don’t have a change of clothes.” She tossed the bag on top of the others and pivoted around to the front of the house. A stunning smile crossed her face showcasing her yummy dimples. He assumed she was admiring her finished project for she jokingly patted herself on the back and the continued up the sidewalk. She stopped as if she was pondering something and he hoped it was a yes about waiting for him to return.

“I have a closet full of clothes.”

Her face wrinkled, causing her cute dimples to scrunch up. “Um … I totally doubt I can fit anything of yours.”

“Just go to the bedroom off of the kitchen. You can’t miss it. It has two double doors. Put on what you like. I’ll be home in about ninety minutes. My house is only a subdivision away from Raven’s house. Make yourself at home.”

Her face brightened up. “Okay, I’ll see you then.”

Once he hung up, Sean realized she was the first woman to be alone in his home outside of family and the housekeeper who came twice a week to clean and cook dinner. She was also the first woman he was getting to know that would have access to the master bedroom. When he had overnight guests which was rare for he usually stayed at their places, he would take them to the guestroom on the other side of the house. His master suite was his retreat after a long day.

He glanced down at his the cell phone again to see Traci in his kitchen looking through the refrigerator. She grabbed a bottled water and a hand full of grapes. Afterwards, she tramped to the hallway to the master. He didn’t have any cameras past that point, but now he wished like hell that he did, especially in the shower.

*****

Traci carefully opened one of the double doors to Sean’s bedroom and peeked inside into the immaculate space. A California-size king bed greeted her that was overflowing with decorative pillows at the headboard and topped with a gorgeous plush black and gold comforter. The cherrywood bed was high off the floor which was perfect for his height, but she’d need a mini-ladder to climb into it. On the other side of the room was a sitting area with a black leather couch and a matching recliner that faced the fireplace. There was a small antique desk in the corner with a laptop and a picture of his parents. Above the mantle was a flat screened television. She found the remote on the little table next to the chair and turned on the TV. A football game was on, so she decided to leave it there and walked over to another set of double doors that opened into the bathroom. In the middle there was a huge garden tub that looked as if it could hold at least four people, and she wondered if that had ever been a possibility. With Sean she assumed yes and glanced at the vanities facing each other on opposite walls. The one that was clearly for a female was empty of toiletries, but instead displayed pictures of his siblings with their families or pictures of when they were younger. She’d recognized some as duplicates from his parents’ home.

She moved further into the room and opened the door to the closet that was almost as big as the bedroom. There were hundreds of dress shirts and suits that lined one long wall. On the opposite wall were casual clothes and in the center a huge island sort of like the one in his kitchen. It was adorned with jewelry boxes, cologne, and some of his watches were laid out as well. She ran her fingers along his dress shirts. Everything was color-coordinated and there were pull out racks every few shirts that held ties and handkerchiefs. There was also pull out shelves with belts and suspenders. She still had no idea what she was going to throw on after her shower. She trekked over to the casual side where he had shirts arranged according to colors and types, as well as slacks and shorts. She hated going through his things, but she needed to find something to throw on so she could shower and be out of it before he returned home. The thought of him walking into the bathroom while she was showering sent a heat wave to slam through her. She could imagine him sneaking up behind her and wrapping his hands around her waist and sliding them up to her breasts, massaging them while laying passionate kisses on her neck. She trembled at the scene in her head as it seemed almost too real; however, she needed to stay focused. They’d agreed they would get to know each first, but after the other night in her apartment she wasn’t so sure if she could hold out. She’d never craved for a man to the point of breaking her own dating rules. She didn’t believe in casual sex anymore. The times she did had been horrific. No passion or love. Just sex with no emotion plus, she didn’t want to add to the number of men she’d slept with. She’d had three real boyfriends and two casual sex partners in her lifetime. She didn’t want to add to the count which would have to now begin on her next hand, and she hated that. She honestly thought she’d never go past the second one because she thought she was so in love with him and that would get married after college. However, he neglected to tell her that he was still seeing his ex-girlfriend who was at another college, and he eventually went back to her.

Now that she was thirty, Traci had decided that unless she was in a committed relationship there would be no sex involved, and yet she had a feeling that sex with Sean wouldn’t be casual. It would be overwhelmingly passionate and incredible. The sample she’d received at her apartment was mind-blowing. A tingle pulsed between her legs and her body shook with pure excitement of what could’ve transpired that evening, but it was too soon even though she desired to be with him and would worry about the consequences of breaking her rule later.

Traci opened one of the drawers to the island which held his silk boxers. Those would definitely fall off of her and she found a drawer with T-shirts. She pulled out one of his medical school shirts that would probably hang off of her as well. Her eye caught a few bathrobes hanging on the casual side, and she was relieved when she found one that was shorter than the rest. She figured the paisley robe would have to do temporarily while she threw the clothes she was wearing in the washing machine that she’d spotted in the back of the closet area past the rows of dress shoes he owned. There had to be at least one hundred pairs of shoes, all perfectly shiny and color-coordinator of course.

Traci still couldn’t believe she’d agreed to stay, shower, and put on something that belonged to Sean; however, she wanted to see him again. She’d thought about him constantly since the night at her apartment. She could barely concentrate last night at the Botanical Gardens while she gave a private tour of the new orchid conservatory to some of the board members. All she could envision was Sean’s heated eyes as he raked his tongue across her skin, or tugging and sucking at her nipples that pebbled at the mere thought of his lips on them. At one point in the evening, she’d looked down to see her nipples were perked up under her dress that normally wouldn’t even need a bra. Luckily, she had on a shawl just in case the air became cooler and pulled it closer to her body to hide the obvious while hoping none of the old gentlemen had noticed.

Her cell phone rung, sending her out of her amorous thoughts. She figured it was her mother returning her phone call, but it was Caitlyn. Traci hadn’t spoken to her mother in a few days and was worried.

“Hey, Traci. Whatcha doing on this sunny Sunday afternoon?” Caitlyn’s tone was upbeat as always. She couldn’t think of a time when Cait wasn’t in a pleasant, fun-loving mood.

“Um … you wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” Traci said, fiddling around with one of Sean’s expensive watches. It had diamonds encrusted around the face and a shiny gold band. Realizing it was a Rolex, she set it down gently. Taking off her socks, she tossed them next to her shorts and sat on the floor next to the island.

“Well, I know you’re not home because I just finished banging on your door when I returned from the laundry room.”

“I’m sitting in Sean’s closet.”

“Oh my. Where is he? Wait, why are you in the closet? Is it a special closet with sex toys?”

“Get your mind out of the gutter. He’s at his sister’s house not far from here. I was finishing up planting some flowers in the front lawn, and he asked me to stay. I was going to go home to shower and change and come back, but he’s only a few minutes away. He said I could shower in his bathroom and throw on something of his even though all of his things are way too big for me.”

“OMG! You’re in his house alone? Are you snooping through his things? Does he have a sex room? I bet he does!”

Traci chuckled at her friend’s overzealousness. “Calm down. I’m not snooping, and I definitely don’t want to know if he has a sex room.” The thought sent a shiver to race through her. If he indeed had one, she didn’t know if she’d been intrigued or terrified. Maybe a little of both, but after the other night she sensed that Sean wouldn’t do anything she wouldn’t feel comfortable with.

“Well, you said that model was there with handcuffs and a whip. I’m sure he keeps his toys locked up somewhere. You’re in his closet now. See any good hiding places? There could be a secret room somewhere.”

“Cait, I highly doubt that and I’m surely not going to find out.” Standing, she took off the rest of her clothes and hiked to the washing machine.

“Fine, but please keep me posted. You can always take pictures and text them to me.”

“You’re crazy, girlie, and I’m changing the subject. So are you going to see Garrett again? He seemed like a really cool guy.”

“Mmm … no. He is a nice guy, but after you and Sean left and we sat back down, his attention was distracted for the rest of the night by the tall chick with the weave ponytail that had joined you for a moment. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from her.”

“I don’t think that’s weave, and from what I heard when she was at the table chatting with Sean, she’s not interested in Garrett.”

“Nah … there was a knowing flash between them as we were leaving to chill at my place. I saw it. She looked jealous as hell when he left with me.”

“Maybe, but she’s moving to Georgia soon so I wouldn’t write him off just yet. Keep your options open, Cait.”

“I will. Well, I was calling to see if you wanted to catch a movie, but you may be making one of your own tonight with Dr. Feel Good so I’ll see you tomorrow at work.”

“Laughing out loud! Girl, you know I would never do a home movie.” Would I? She was already slightly curious about whether or not he had a sex room. She shook the thought from her brain and said good-bye to Caitlyn before she started searching for a room with chains, whips, and swings.

After the refreshing shower, she wrapped his bathrobe around her and tied the belt tightly at the waist. Glancing at herself in the mirror, she laughed as his robe hung miserably off of her body. Her eyes perused over his toiletries on the vanity. He had an electric toothbrush, a few bottles of cologne and deodorant. Nothing out of the ordinary even though Caitlyn’s suggestion of a sex room had her vaguely curious. She slowly opened one of the drawers to the vanity. It held his hair supplies. Traci closed it and opened the one next to it and almost gasped when her eyes landed on two boxes of extra-large condoms. She shut it and her eyes. She reopened the drawer slowly again with one eye open and peeked at the boxes. She took one of them out, but tossed it quickly into the drawer. She closed it once more and stepped back, feeling guilty that she’d opened the drawers in the first place.

Traci wasn’t one to go through a man’s things so she wasn’t going to start now. Sean trusted her in his home alone, and she didn’t want to abuse that privilege. Now she wished she hadn’t seen the boxes of condoms. And extra-large at that! She couldn’t even imagine how that would be as a cold quiver raced through her.

Grabbing her glasses and cell phone from the sink, Traci retreated back to the bedroom only to find Sean seated in the sitting area cheering on the Tennessee Titan’s football game.

“Oh! I didn’t know you were here.” When the heck did he arrive? She thought she had at least another forty-five minutes alone. She had hoped by the time he came home, her clothes would be washed and dried, but they were still on the rinse cycle when she’d last checked on them.

His eyes raked over her and a wide, devilish grin reached across his face. “Just came in a moment ago.” He perused his eyes over her once more. “You look cute in my bathrobe. Come here so I can roll up the sleeves.”

“Okay.” She put on her glasses and walked in his direction. Now she felt even guiltier for opening his drawers. He was just in the next room. What if Sean had walked in on her why she was staring at the condoms with her mouth hanging open? Another nervous shiver ran through her at the thought.

“Are you all right?” he asked, as he rolled the sleeves up to her elbows. “You look like you just saw a ghost.”

“Oh … no … I’m fine. Just a little tired.” She sat on the couch and stared up at the television so she couldn’t make eye contact with him. “How was the meeting for your parents’ anniversary?”

“It was good. I think they’re really to going to enjoy it. Mom is mad she isn’t in on the planning, but it’s their 45th and we wanted to do something special for them. However, she tries to offer input through Raven.”

“I can see her doing that. She’s a perfectionist.”

Traci’s cell phone vibrated in her hand. This time it was her mother. She’d been trying contact her mother for the past few days including going to her home that morning. Her car wasn’t in the garage and when Traci went inside the home, she checked the bathroom and Mildred’s toiletries weren’t there.

“Hello, Mom.” She was relieved to hear her mother’s voice. They never went two days without speaking no matter what.

“Hey, Tray. I was returning your phone call.”

“I just wanted to check on you. Hadn’t spoken to you in a few days. Everything okay? I came by the house this morning, but you weren’t there.”

“Oh … I … um …” Her mother’s voice trailed off into a muffled mumble.

“You what?” Traci raised her voice, and she noticed Sean glance in her direction with a concerned expression. She walked back into the bathroom for she could feel her emotions rising, and she didn’t want that to happen in front of Sean. Closing the door, she sat on the edge of the bathtub.

“I’m not in town,” her mother stated slowly.

“Where are you?” Traci asked as calmly as possible even though she had an inkling that her mother was in Tunica, Mississippi hanging at a casino.

“I’m in Vegas.”

“Vegas?” Traci yelled so loud she was certain Sean heard her through the closed door. She lowered her voice, but her anger didn’t go away. “What the hell are you doing in Vegas?”

“It was a last minute trip. I’ll be back tomorrow.”

Traci sighed as she asked the dreaded question. “Are you playing poker?” It was her mother’s favorite game and while she was actually good at it, she didn’t always win.

“Not anymore. I’m done for the day. I’m in my hotel suite resting until we go to a show on the strip. However, I won a pretty penny. I’ll give you half when I return.”

“I don’t want it, Mom. I just want … no, I need you to stop gambling. I can’t believe you’re way in Vegas.” The anger rising in her caused her chest to contract, and she exhaled to calm down.

“I’m a grown woman, Traci. I don’t need your permission.”

She bounced up from the tub and raised her voice even louder. “No, you just need my money whenever you lose all of yours.” As soon as she said, Traci regretted it. She never liked to yell at or disrespect her mother, but she was concerned.

“That was completely uncalled for. I’m hanging up.”

Traci threw her phone across the room and it landed in a broken mess by the closet door. She sat back on the tub as the tears rushed down her face. She was at her wits end when it came to her mother. She didn’t know what else to do at this point. She’d tried everything to get her mother to stop gambling. It was getting out of hand now. How many times had her mother been to Vegas without her knowing? Traci knew about the trips to Arkansas and Mississippi, but those casinos were only forty-five minutes away not a bunch of states and another time zone.

A light knock sounded on the door reminding her that Sean was there. Taking off her foggy glasses, she wiped her tears.

“Come in.”

Sean’s eyes zoomed in on her and then to her smashed up cell phone on the floor.

“Oh … that’s the crash I heard.” Striding toward her, he stooped down in front of her and wiped the tears from streaming down her cheeks. “What’s wrong?” he asked tenderly.

“I don’t want to talk about it. I don’t want anyone to know because it’s so embarrassing.” More tears fell and he wiped them away.

“You know I’m a psychiatrist, right? I’m not going to tell anyone, dimples.” He raised his right hand. “Patient/doctor confidentiality,” he said, placing a comforting kiss on her forehead.

“I’m not your patient.”

“Is your mother sick?”

“No.”

“Depressed.”

“No … well, I don’t know. Stop trying to guess.”

“I did hear you scream out Vegas and something to do with money. Did she lose all of her quarters on the slots?”

Traci sighed. Sean was not giving up. “No. She thinks the slots are for amateurs. She plays blackjack and poker, mostly poker.”

He stood and grabbed one of the decorative hand towels from the rack by the sink. After he’d ran it under the water he resumed his position in front of her. He wiped her face gently and the coolness of the cloth and his concernment made her feel a little better.

“You know I must really like you because my housekeeper is going to kill me when she realizes I’ve used one of the decorative hand towels.”

She giggled followed by a sniff. “That would explain why your house is flawlessly clean.”

“Good. I got you to laugh. Let’s go into the great room to finish watching the game. Get your mind off of what just happened. Plus, I brought you something to eat from Raven’s. Your stomach rumblings are getting louder.” Winking with a smile, he patted her stomach and pulled her off of the tub. “I won’t pry anymore, but I’m here if you need a shoulder to cry on or a listening ear. I’ve been told I’m pretty good at both.”

“Thank you. I’ll keep that in mind.”

After she threw her damaged cell phone in her purse and placed her clothes in the dryer, she met him in the kitchen where he was heating up her food in the microwave. She did feel somewhat better thanks to Sean. He was easy to talk to which probably made his clients comfortable when spilling their issues to him. Once she was settled on the couch with her salmon, baked chicken, and kale salad, she decided to confide to him what was going on with her mother. She sat her plate on the coffee table in front of the couch and turned toward him. He stopped drinking his Heineken and placed his eyes on her.

“Are you ready to talk now?” He turned the television off and rotated toward her.

“Yes. Do you want me to lie down on the couch or on the chaise lounge in the kitchen?”

A roar of laughter arose from him. “As tempting as that is, no. You can sit there. We’re just talking. I’m not Dr. Arrington. I’m your friend, Sean.”

“So I won’t receive a bill in the mail?” she asked teasingly, even though she did want to confirm.

“No. This one is on the house. I’m ready whenever you are.”

She took a deep breath and exhaled out. “My mom has a gambling addiction.”

He nodded as if he’d already figured that out. “I see. When did it begin?”

“About four years ago. She went to the casinos across the river with some friends, won a little money, and figured she could keep doing it.”

“Had she’d ever gone to the casino’s before?”

“A few times when I was growing up my parents would take out of town guests who wanted to go, but it wasn’t an everyday occurrence. Maybe once a year and she just played the slots.”

“Mmm … any life changes four years ago?”

She pondered for a moment. Nothing out of the extraordinary had happened. “No. My dad had passed a few years before that. Um … my brother was stationed in Hawaii, but he hasn’t lived in Memphis since he graduated from high school so I doubt that could’ve triggered something. However, I know she hates him being so far from Memphis. It’s not like Hawaii is a car ride away. So maybe that’s it? Maybe she doesn’t like the change of our lives?”

“I see. Were you here?”

“I was in grad school at Vanderbilt at the time. It was my last year.”

“So she was here alone? No other relatives?”

“No. Her sister lives in Atlanta and her brother is in Florida. She has friends. They hang out. You know, shopping and book club meetings.”

“What about her dating life?”

“Mmm … occasionally.”

“So all of a sudden, at least to your knowledge, she starts gambling and can’t stop.”

“At one point she did. She went to a counselor and a few gambling addiction anonymous meetings after my brother and I persuaded her to. This was after she lost thousands in a private poker game and had to get a home equity loan. She vowed to never gamble again, but fell off the wagon a year later. She tried to stop at the end of last year, but a few months ago she started going to private poker parties.”

“And you give her money?”

“Yes. To pay her bills when she has spent her entire pension check for the month thinking she can double it. I’m not giving it to her to gamble with. Most of the time I just write the check for the bill instead of actually giving her the money except for food and gas.”

“Have you ever thought about not loaning her the money?”

“That’s what my brother says I should do, but she’s my mom. I can’t have her in a house without lights or on the street corner with all of her belongings because she didn’t pay on the home equity loan.”

A thoughtful expression reached his face. “I understand. Do you think your mom would be willing to speak to me?”

“I don’t know.” Traci shook her head and fiddled with her class ring. “She’s in denial she has a problem considering she’s been winning a lot lately. She even gave me five thousand dollars recently to pay me back and offered to give me half of her winnings from her Vegas trip.”

“Hmm … well, she’s repaying your money so that’s a start, but there’s some underlying reason. Has she ever been depressed?”

“When my dad died she was very sad for a few years, but she’s seems to be okay with his death now. I mean, she misses him dearly. We all do, but she’s not crying every day like she was the first year.”

“Anything else?”

Traci racked her brain. She couldn’t think of anything else, but she felt better getting everything off of her chest. Sean really was a great listener. “Um … no. I think that’s it.”

“So why does her gambling addiction frustrate you?”

“Because she’s my mother. I don’t want to see her spiraling out of control and ending up homeless because she has no willpower to stop. I just want her to be happy.”

“So you don’t think she’s happy?”

“I …”

“Or is it that you think she has the addiction when maybe she doesn’t and instead you’re not happy?”

“Excuse me?” she barked. “Are you suggesting that I’m the one with the problem?”

He reached over and grabbed her hand. “Calm down. I just wanted to know how you felt. Now I do. However, she apparently has some self-control because she has been able to stop a couple of times over the past few years. I’m sure with some extensive counseling she may be able to stop completely. Something is triggering this, and until me or another professional sits down with her I can’t give you an answer as to what it is. However, it’s affecting you greatly so let’s concentrate on you.”

“So you’re going to start charging me?”

He slid toward her and kissed her softly. “No. You’re not one of my clients, but whenever you want to talk about it, I’m here.”

“Thank you, and you’re right. You are easy to talk to. I just hope I don’t get too comfortable and start spilling all of my secrets.” Especially the one where I’ve had a crush on you for years.

“Well, I won’t judge no matter what your secrets are.” He pulled her onto his lap and the bathrobe came open showing her thighs. She pulled it closed considering she wasn’t wearing any panties and with her thoughts of making love in the shower still lingering in her head, she had to remain composed.

“I’m going to go check on my clothes. They should be dry by now.”

“Damn, I was sort of hoping you’d just lounge around in my bathrobe. You look cute in it.” He kissed her right dimple, causing her to giggle.

“It’s way too big for me. It’s dragging the floor.” She scooted off of his lap as he popped her butt in the process.

“Hurry back.”





Chapter Eight


Sean leaned back on the couch and took a swig of his beer. He was glad he finally knew the reason why Traci was working so hard to make extra money. That indeed had to be a strain on her. Working full-time at the botanicals gardens plus landscaping residential yards had to be tiring. Did she ever have a day to herself? Lately, when she was off from the gardens she was at his house and sometimes she would leave work coming straight there to work some more. Sure, Traci was a young woman with loads of energy, but he was certain she still needed to relax and rest.

An idea popped in his head that would help her to unwind. He figured she’d come back out in her clothes and not his bathrobe, but with the plan he had in mind, he needed her naked. His penis jumped at the thought.

“Down boy,” Sean said, retreating to the other side of his house where he had a massage room set up in one of the spare bedrooms. He’d played football in middle and high school and had been injured a few times. Plus, a car accident a couple of years ago had reintroduced the same pain, so whenever needed, he had a private masseuse give him body massages. And when that didn’t work, he would have acupuncture treatments given by Bria. Even though she was an allergist at their medical practice, holistic medicine and healing was her passion.

Sean lit the scented white candles that were on floor stands positioned around the room and turned the CD on to the tranquil Japanese music that the masseuse had given him for relaxation whenever he needed. Sometimes, after listening to his patients all day, he needed to kick back and relax his brain.

Hearing Traci calling his name, he stepped out of the room and trekked back to the great room. She was seated on the couch with her legs tucked under her and fiddling with the remote control. She was still wearing his bathrobe much to his delight. He tried to muffle a smile but couldn’t.

“Your clothes weren’t dry yet?” Gosh darn it, he thought sarcastically.

“I’m sure you’re happy. It’s written all over your handsome face. And no. My jean shorts were still damp, but I’m wearing my bra and panties.”

“Perfect. Follow me. I want to show you something.”

A curious eyebrow raised as her lips swished to side. “Um ... where are we going?”

“You’ll see.” He lifted her up from the couch and carried her in his arms back to the massage room.

“Um …” Her eyes widened like the two huge satellite dishes on his roof. “What’s all this?” she asked as her eyes scanned the area, and her body trembled in his arms.

“I want to give you a body massage. You’ve been under a lot of stress with your mom and working two jobs. I just want to pamper you. I promise not to try anything.”

“Oh … I didn’t know you knew how to give massages.”

“You know who you’re talking to, right? Trust me, I’ve never had a complaint.” He placed her on the floor but still held her in his arms. She was straining her neck to look up at him so he stooped down to her level. “You’ll need to take off your clothes,” he whispered, patting her bottom.

She stood back and unloosened the bathrobe at her waist. She opened it, letting it fall to the floor. He bit his bottom lip and his manhood bobbed as she stood there in a matching black bra and boy shorts set. He was now having second thoughts. He didn’t know if he could control himself from roaming his hands over her body without his tongue wanting to join in as well.

“So how do you want me?” she asked, walking to the massage table and leaning against it. It was an innocent question, but as their eyes met an electric current rushed between them.

Under me. On top of me. On the side, and definitely on all fours so I can smack that fine ass of yours.

He cleared his throat and slid his hands into his slacks. “You can lie on your stomach.” His voice was deep and gruff as his thoughts were still on the sexual visions that had conjured in his head. He was proud of himself for holding out this long; however, he could see his plan flying out the window if she kept staring at him lustfully.

“Okay.”

Climbing up on the table, she placed her head down in the rounded pillow that saw through to the hardwood. She wiggled her body and exhaled.

He looked under the rounded pillow as she faced the floor. “Are you comfortable?” he asked.

“Yep.”

“Do you mind if I unsnap your bra? I would hate to get oil on it.”

“Sure. Go ahead. You can take it off.”

“With pleasure.”

Sean did so as his mind rewound to the night in her apartment when he’d kissed and licked her succulent breasts as she called his name over and over. He really didn’t know how he was going to get through this massage. He usually used massages as part of his foreplay, but hadn’t planned on going any further with her until he did something very important first.

Placing his palms in the bowl that held the warm oil, he rubbed his hands in it and proceeded to place them gently on her back. A soft moan escaped her lips and he had to restrain himself for placing his mouth on her skin. He kneaded her neck and shoulders which held a lot of pent up tension. Gliding his hands down her sides and back up to her shoulders, he continued to work out the knots he felt there. Her soft moans filled the room, but he tried to ignore them as he worked his way to her back, being careful not to press hard on her spine. His hands slid down further until he reached the top of her boy short’s band, but skipped her plump butt and massaged her thighs. Not that that was any better. They were just as juicy and tantalizing as her butt. He put some more oil on his hands and worked it into her legs. They were stiff like her neck.

“Mmm … that feels so good, Sean.”

“Thank you. Just relax and continuing breathing in and out.”

“Mmm … okay.

“Maybe you’ll fall asleep. I usually do.”

“Mmm … feels too damn good to sleep. I need to be awake.”

She continued moaning and purring in a sensual manner while he rubbed his hands over her body that was now slick and soft from the oil.

“Can you come back up to my neck?” she asked.

“Of course. Any other requests?”

“Can you put your lips there as well?”

A devilish grin widened across his face as he lowered his lips to the back of her neck. He circled his tongue slowly up and down from the nape to her hairline and around to her left ear. “Is that what you wanted?” he whispered in her ear, flicking his tongue around it while he intertwined his hand into her hair.

“Mmm hmm. Don’t stop.”

He moved his tongue lower, traveling it over her body where his hands had massaged. His finger trailed along the band of her boy shorts, and her body vibrated under his lips. He pressed his mouth to the small of her back while holding onto her hips. Groaning, he controlled himself from jumping on the table with her. His finger continued to roam around the band that he desperately wanted to pull down.

She sighed out anxiously. “Take them off.” She reached her hand back to pull her panties off, but he placed it back on the headrest followed by a pop to her butt. He loved the way it jiggled and popped it again.

“You asked me to, remember?” With his teeth, he grasped the material and drew them down to her thighs to expose her rounded bottom. He palmed each cheek and massaged them gently. Dipping his hands into the oil, he rubbed it into her buttocks, deepening his palms with every passing second. The soft groans she exerted grew louder and more intense especially when he kissed one cheek and then the other. Parting them, he slid his tongue down in-between until he reached her moist center and delved the tip of it in.

“Sean … yes … oh my goodness … yes!”

Traci’s hips rotated against his tongue as if she wanted more, but he licked it all the way back up until he reached her neck.

“Why are you teasing me?”

“How about I do this instead?”

The instead was sliding one finger into where he’d just left and darted it in and out, causing her to moan and squeal out incoherent words. He continued his finger action, sometimes rubbing his hand on her mound or slipping a finger or two back inside her slick canal as she clenched around them. His pulse race as he tried to hold back the urge to flip her over and become one with her once and for all. Her orgasmic cries were the best song he’d ever heard, and he wondered how much louder and passionate she would be if he was inside of her, staring down at her lovely face. That way he could see some of the beautiful expressions she created; unfortunately, he couldn’t enjoy them now because at the moment she was face down and staring at the floor.

He glided his tongue down her back and once again positioned it where she wanted it. This time he licked slowly, drinking the juices she’d spilled when his fingers were there. She was the sweetest tasting woman he’d ever had the pleasure to savor. Her moans continued to fill his ears and he had to see her expression; he needed to witness the bliss on her face that he’d placed there. He raised his mouth for a moment and popped her bottom just to see it jiggle once more.

“Turn over on your back.”

Raising herself up, she glanced at him over her shoulder with a sensual glare and did as instructed. Her eyes were hazy and dark, and her face was beautiful against the candlelight. She wore a satisfied smile, but he wasn’t done driving her crazy. He pulled her by the legs until they hung off the edge. Grabbing a chair in the corner, he placed it in front of her as he sat down and wrapped her legs around his neck. Diving his tongue in once more, he licked and pulled on her rosy bud, circling around slowly but sometimes speeding up to tease her. Flicking his tongue between her folds, he tasted the ambrosia that leaked from her. Her body quivered against the massage table and he held her down by the hips as she thrashed back and forth.

“Sean … mmm … I can’t—” She abruptly stopped as her legs shook around his neck, and she sat all the way up, pushing his head deeper into her. “I can’t take it anymore …”

He lifted his head for a moment to stare up her. Her expression was the most stunning he’d even seen on a woman that he’d ever been with. He couldn’t remember a woman ever gazing at him like that before. It shook him to his core and his breathing became stifled for a moment. She was exquisite in every way. Her intellect. Her concern for others. Her adorable smile along with those damn delicious dimples. Her passion and need for him matched his desire and yearning for her. He even found her quirky, nerdy personality sexy. Sean had never believed in love at first sight, but when he’d first laid eyes on Traci, he sensed his life had changed in that very moment.

Rising from the chair, he wiped his lips with the back of his hand and imprisoned them on hers. He coiled his tongue around hers in an enticing kiss as they both fought for total control. She ran her hands up to his head, pulling his mouth deeper into hers. Lifting her naked body off of the massage table, he carried her to the couch, their lips never leaving each other.

“Please make love to me,” she said breathlessly on his lips, running her tongue along his neck and her hand down to his belt buckle … and beyond.

Goodness, he wanted to. Wanted her that very instant.

“I can’t.”

“Why not?” Her lips roamed over his neck and back to his lips.

“Well … for one I … I don’t have any condoms.” He knew he was lying. He had two unopened boxes in his drawer, but he didn’t want to tell her the real reason why. Not yet, but hopefully soon. He knew the body massage was a bad idea, but he didn’t think it would go this far.

She jerked her eyes on him. “You … um … but …” She stopped as her lips settled into a confused pout. “Oh … okay.” She slid her hands off of him completely and managed to squirm out of his embrace as her eyes searched the floor.

“We can still—”

“Can you turn on the light?” she asked in a distant tone.

He honestly didn’t know what the hell had just happened. They agreed to wait until they knew each better, and he knew she didn’t like casual sex. Even though sex between them wasn’t going to be casual. However, he needed to make certain of something first and he was going to stand by that.

He obliged, turning on the light, and proceeded to blow all of the candles out. Traci rose from the couch and grabbed her panties and bra from the floor.

“I’m sure my shorts are dry by now. It’s getting late, and I have an early meeting at the gardens in the morning.” She walked out of the room with him on her heel as she put the bra back on. She was still holding her boy shorts so at least he had a great view from the back; however, she stopped when they made it to the great room to put them on.

“I’ll be back.”

The way she said it sounded as if she didn’t want him to go any further in his own home. He chuckled and headed to the refrigerator to grab another beer. Leaning on the island, he waited for her to return. It didn’t take her long, for she dashed into the kitchen dressed with her hair in a ponytail and her tote bag slung over her shoulder in less than ten minutes. She must’ve sprinted like Flo Jo to get to the dryer in his closet. He grabbed her to him.

“Why are you mad at me?” he asked through gritted teeth.

“I’m not mad. We just need to stop before I get carried away with you. All of this has been completely out of character for me, and I need to take a step back. It’s been fun, but we need to keep this totally professional. I’ll be back next week to finish, probably on Thursday. If you need anything else done, I can refer you to some other landscapers that I know.”

“What are you saying?” This was not how the scenario was supposed to play out. He had no idea where any of this was coming from. He was trying to be a good guy for once.

“I’m telling you, it’s been fun but we can’t do this anymore. You’re my client. I don’t fool around with my clients.”

“Didn’t I tell you once before I can fire you?”

“Look, Sean. I think it’s very nice of you to want to get to know me better before going any further but let’s be realistic. It’s killing you to wait. I can see it on your face. Hell, I can feel your rock hard penis straining against me, begging to meet Sunshine.”

“Who the hell is Sun … oh … never mind. Traci … I just wanted to wait. I respect you.” He couldn’t believe he’d formed his lips to say that but he was telling the truth.

“I appreciate that, but I need to reassess my priorities. I’m glad you stopped us from going any further. I needed to get back to reality before I got caught up in being with you and actually thinking that maybe one day we could be an actual couple and you’d give up your playboy ways for me. I’ve wanted you for a very long time. Longer than you know.” She paused, looking away from him. “When your mom began coming to the Botanical Gardens for workshops a few years ago, she used to share pictures of her family on her cell phone. Yours always stood out the most. I thought you were so handsome and charismatic. I mean, sure Cannon is as well, but you stirred something in me. And whenever your mom used to talk about all of you, I only listened to what she had to say about you. When your mother became my primary doctor, I used to say a little prayer that I’d run into you at your family’s practice but I never did. A few weeks ago when she brought you to the orchid repotting class, I honestly thought it was fate, but it was just my silly crush over a guy that will never want to be with me.”

She stopped and pulled away from him. “I can’t believe I’m standing here telling you all of this, but you’ve been so easy to talk you.” She laughed nervously. “I guess you’re good at your job.”

“Well, I appreciate you telling me and I’m flattered. However, that doesn’t mean we have to stop seeing each other. I like hanging with you, Traci.”

“For now, and then your eyes will wander. I can’t be mad at anyone but me for putting myself in this situation. Eventually, I would want more of a commitment and you’ve said so yourself you are a lifelong bachelor. Everyone in Memphis knows that.”

She reached up on her tiptoes and kissed him softly on the lips. “I’m going now, but I had fun.” She turned to leave without looking back.

Sean stared after her in shock. Sure, he’d had women walk out on him before because they’d wanted more, but he’d always shrugged it off and moved on to someone else. There was always a woman waiting in the wings. Even though there was a few he could call now if he so chose, he didn’t want to.

He’d done the unthinkable and fallen for a woman who didn’t want to be with him.





Chapter Nine


“So let me get his straight. You saw two boxes of condoms in his drawer, and he told you he didn’t have any?” Caitlyn asked, taking a sip of her wine. “Two boxes of magnums with twelve each per box?”

Traci simply nodded her head and fell back on her bed before glancing over at Cait who was sitting at the headboard. “Twenty-four condoms.”

“And he gave you a full body massage in a special room?”

“Yep.”

“Girl, I told you that asshole had a secret room. No telling what else is in there.”

“I’m glad I came to my senses before I did something I would eventually regret.”

“Well, you did say he wanted to take it slow, so maybe he really did.”

“Nah, he was locked and loaded. I could feel and see it through his pants.”

“Was your breath tart?”

Traci sat up on the pillows and lightly punched her friend on the arm. Reaching over to the nightstand, she grabbed her wine glass and took a sip followed by a big gulp.

“Very funny. My breath was fine. I’m glad I ended it when I did before things got too complicated. Before we had sex and I’d would’ve become attached and addicted to him. He would’ve eventually gotten bored with me, met some exotic model/stripper/wannabe actress with the IQ of a twig, and tossed me to the curb like a trash bag. So in a way I dodged a broken heart … again, and you and I won’t be singing “Stormy Weather” and “Good Morning Heartache” at karaoke night again.”

Caitlyn clinked her wine glass with Traci’s. “Girl, we sung the hell out of those songs after you found out that what’s-his-name had gotten married and moved to Portugal.”

“Yes, at least he had the decency to move on the other side of the world. Sean lives right here in Memphis where I’d have the pleasure of running into him with whatever chick. No, I did the right thing.”

“Mmm … maybe he knows you aren’t the type of girl for a fling and doesn’t want to get caught up then turn around and hurt your feelings. There are women you marry and women you shag. He likes the shaggers. Maybe he knows you’re the type of woman he could spend the rest of his life with and it’s scaring him. Garrett said that he’d never seen Sean infatuated over a woman before until he met you. Their plans for Friday night originally were to hang out at a strip club, but Sean changed them because he wanted to see you. Maybe you’re being paranoid because of what happened in the past and the fact Sean is a known playboy.”

“I don’t know, and at this point I don’t care.” She downed her wine. “I’ll go by there on Thursday to plant the roses while he’s at work and be gone before he comes home. I’ll leave my … I mean his key somewhere safe.”

“Has he paid you yet?

“I can email him the invoice and he can mail a check. I’ll never have to see him again.”

“Memphis isn’t that big. You just stated you could bump into him.”

“I’ve never run into him at his family’s practice, so I’m not that worried. Unfortunately, I’ll have to change doctors now. His brother-in-law, Dr. Phillips, is my new primary care physician and his wife, Raven, is my Ob-Gyn. Dang it. I like going there. Now I’ll have to stop, but if I see him around town I know how to be cordial. He hasn’t hurt me or anything.” Even though it hurts like hell to end it, but it’s for the best. Right?

“This reminds me of the time when were undergrads, and I was dating that dude that was a line cook at the Fish Shack.”

“Yep. We stopped going there when ya’ll broke up. They had some really good hush puppies, too.” She smacked her lips and poured another glass of wine. Caitlyn drank her last sip and held out her glass. They toasted and Traci rested her head back on the pillows. She remembered all of the pillows Sean had on his bed. They looked so comfortable and plush. Too bad she’d never know.

“Dating sucks. Heard from Garrett?”

“Nope.” Caitlyn rose from the bed and walked the few feet to the kitchen to grab some Pringles that were sitting on the little island. “I guess we won’t be double-dating with the doctors.”

“No, but I’ll be all right once I finish his project. Then I can move on. No biggie. In a way, I guess it’s good that I never had sex with him. At least, I’m not that attached to him.”

Caitlyn tapped her chin while she finished chewing the chip. “True, but there’s more to being in tune with a person besides the sexual side.”

Traci pondered Caitlyn’s comment for she had indeed fallen for Sean in different ways and they hadn’t had sex. Sure, they done some sexual things and he’d sent pleasure tingles to race all through her. However, she’d enjoyed the time they’d spent together planting the flowers, playing chess, and even when she had confided in him about her mother’s gambling addiction. There was more to their relationship than sex, but she was scared to take it further. She was protecting her heart and didn’t see anything wrong with that.

*****

“Wait, bro. You want to do another test? You just had one last month and it was all negative,” Garrett said, staring at his frat brother in disbelief.

Sean stood in his friend’s office at his medical practice on Monday morning. He’d just told him about his day with Traci, and he wanted to take a HIV and a STD test before going any further with her. He’d been tempted last night to give into her pleading, which was quite hard—no pun intended—but he just wanted to be cautious. He knew he’d had condoms, but he needed to be one-hundred percent sure before their relationship grew serious because that’s where he had thought it was headed until she’d decided she needed to take a step back. However, he wasn’t giving up.

“Why do you think that all of sudden you’ve contracted something in the last few weeks?”

“Remember when I went home with those models?”

“Oh … right. You didn’t use condoms?”

“Most definitely, but I want to be certain. That’s all.”

“Why didn’t you just tell Traci that last night?”

“I didn’t want her to think I was a freak who fucks anything moving.”

Garrett sipped his coffee. “Um … doesn’t she know about your rep?”

“Can you do the test or not? I have to be at my practice in the next hour to meet with a patient.”

Garrett rose from his desk. “Let’s go to my exam room before my staff gets here, and I’ll send it to the lab with a rush order. You should know by Wednesday.”

“Thank you. So what’s up with you and Caitlyn?”

“Nothing. She’s a really cool girl but no sparks.”

“So no double dates with the horticulturists?” Sean asked jokingly.

“Nope. So you think you have a future with Traci even though she doesn’t want to see you anymore?”

“My mother always says to have faith and that’s exactly what I’m going to do.”

*****

Traci entered her mother’s home Tuesday evening. Mildred had returned from Vegas the day before and had offered to cook dinner as a peace offering from their argument. The aromas of lasagna and garlic bread soared through the house and the rumbles in Traci’s stomach increased. She hadn’t eaten since lunch, and the turkey croissant sandwich from the Botanical Garden’s café had done little to satisfy her hunger considering she’d spent most of the day preparing the rose garden for its showcase that upcoming weekend. Her body was sore, and she wished she could have Sean’s magic hands massage out the kinks. However, that would never happen again. She had to shake her mind free of that, but it was no use. He’d invaded her thoughts and sleep constantly for the past few days, but she knew in her head she was doing the right thing … even if her heart didn’t agree.

“Hey, Mom,” Traci said, sitting down at the kitchen table that was set for two.

“Hey, pumpkin,” Mildred replied, taking the lasagna out of the oven and setting it on the trivet on the table. “Everything is almost done. Just waiting for the garlic bread to brown. Grab the Merlot out of the wine fridge.”

Traci quietly obeyed as her mother finished cutting up the cherry tomatoes for the salad. Once they were seated and had plates filled with food, Traci decided she’d start the conversation first.

“Mom, I’m sorry for snapping at you the other day, but I’m just concerned.”

“I know, precious. I know. I should’ve told you I was going to Vegas, but it was last minute. I didn’t want to upset you.”

Taking a bite of her mom’s homemade chicken and spinach lasagna, Traci sighed. It was so cheesy and delicious. “This is good, Mom.”

“Thank you. I do have something to tell you, though,” Mildred stated reluctantly.

Traci braced herself for whatever news her mother was about to spill. She figured more than likely she’d gone back down to the casino once more after their conversation to double her winnings, only to lose all of it in an intense game of poker, and now needed money to pay her bills.

Traci took a sip of her wine. “I’m listening.”

“You’ve heard of the show Women Poker Players?”

She paused her fork mid-way in the air. “Yes, it’s one of your favorite shows.”

“Well, they’ve asked me to be on it this season. I was in Vegas for an audition and I got the part. I’ll be a series regular.”

“Now what now?”

“Yes, and I get paid to be on it.”

“Sooooo, how did this happen?” Traci put down her fork and stared in disbelief at her mother’s beaming face.

“I met one of the producers at a private poker tournament a few months ago. I had no idea he was actually scouting for new cast members. He was impressed by my skills and contacted me a week ago. He offered to fly me and Trisha to Vegas to check it out. You know your godmother is a ruthless attorney, and I wanted her to make sure the contract was up to par before signing it.”

“So you have to move to Vegas?”

“Only three months out of the year. I’ll just rent a condo or something for the summer.”

“And the money you win?”

“It’s mine. It’s a poker tournament. You can read the contract if you like, but Trisha read over it with a fine tooth comb and made some changes that they accepted. Trisha is also fully aware of my gambling habits in the past. Therefore, she set up an account for my earnings so I won’t spend it frivolously.”

“And this makes you happy?”

“Very. After your dad died, my entire life changed and I’d never felt so alone before. Sure, I have you and your brother, but you two were doing your own things, becoming adults and having your own lives. I tried dating and new hobbies. Remember when I took up crocheting?”

Traci laughed sarcastically. “Yes, I still have the scarves, blankets, and the toaster cover to prove it. Let’s not forget the pottery classes and the abstract painting phase even though the picture hanging over my bed is quite beautiful.”

“Well, none of that made me feel fulfilled again until I started going to the casinos. Yes, I know at first I had a problem, but now I promise you all of that has changed. I’m actually bored with the casinos. However, I do love playing poker, but only because your dad used to play and I feel closer to him when I do. It’s like he’s right behind me the entire time coaching and cheering me on.”

Traci let her mother’s words sink in. If this outlet truly made her happy and feel closer to her deceased husband, then Traci was all for it.

“So am I invited to watch you play on the show?”

A smile cross Mildred’s face showing the dimples that matched her daughter’s. “You really want to?” she asked, with tears in her eyes.

“Of course, Mom, and I’m sure Larry Jr. will come, too.”

“I told him this morning when he called, and I explained to him my reasons why. He was on board.”

“Well, looks like we have a reality star in the family. Please don’t get on there and act a fool like some of those housewives shows.”

“Of course not, but I do talk shit when playing poker,” Mildred stated seriously with a wink.

“Oh goodness! I can only imagine,” Traci said, taking a bite of her lasagna.

Mildred stood and grabbed an envelope from the island. “Before I forget, here’s all of the money I owe you. I’ve kept track of every single penny you’ve loaned me during the past few years.” She handed her daughter the envelope.

Traci opened it as her eyes grew wide at the amount on the cashier’s check.

“I’ve given you this much money?” Traci knew it was a lot, but she’d never kept track.

“Yep, plus an extra five thousand for interest.”

Astonished at the amount, Traci was still staring at the check. “Thank you. I will definitely put this to good use.”

“Maybe now you can stop working two jobs.”

“We’ll see. I like doing both, but sometimes I just want to go home and curl up with a good book or soak in a tub of hot water.” She glanced at the check once more before placing it back in the envelope. Her thoughts trekked to possibly moving out of her little loft apartment and buying a home. Most of the money she’d given her mother had come from the savings account she had set up for a down payment on a house.

“Now you can go home and do whatever you want. Are you almost done with the project you’re working on for Dr. Arrington’s son?”

“Yep. I’m off on Thursday so I have a few things to finish up in his backyard and then I’ll be completely done.” Traci sighed in her head. Yep, she would be done and never have to see Sean again even though the thought made her sad.

“What’s wrong?” Mildred asked.

“Oh … nothing, Mom.” Traci took a bite of her lasagna followed by a sip of her wine.

“You had a faraway look in your eyes for a moment. Is everything okay? Has he been too arrogant of a client?”

“Oh no. Nothing like that. He’s actually been quite helpful. He did a lot of the work.”

“So let me guess. You like him yet he hasn’t noticed you?”

“Mom, no. That’s absurd. I don’t have a crush on my client.” Traci stuffed some salad into her mouth.

“Just checking. Now you’ll have time for a dating life. I’m ready for some grandbabies to spoil.”

“Let’s just concentrate on your new career,” Traci said, needing to change the subject. Dating wasn’t at the forefront of her mind, considering who she wanted to date would eventually break her heart. She was glad she’d decided to end things before it became too complicated. Sure, he claimed to like her now, but she knew from experience it would end badly.

“After dinner do you want to search online with me for some apartments in Vegas?”

“Sounds like fun.”

Traci was glad her mother had finally found her passion and could admit that she did at one time have a gambling addiction that stemmed from losing her husband and feeling lonely. Now she could parlay her poker skills into a lucrative career while she enjoyed life again.





Chapter Ten


Thursday afternoon, Sean drove his Porsche 911 a little too fast on the interstate, but he needed to get home. He’d checked his security camera before leaving work and Traci and an assistant were almost done with planting the rose bushes. The pillows she’d ordered for the fire pit had arrived, the outdoor daybed was all set up under the pergola, and the benches he’d requested were all in place. She’d called earlier to tell him she probably wouldn’t be there when he arrived home and that she would leave his key under the purple flower pot outside of the veranda door. When he’d told her to stay so he could write her a final check for his balance, she had stated she would email the invoice and hurriedly hung up before he could say anything else.

Sean was elated when he pulled into his driveway to see Traci’s car. He dashed to the gate to the backyard and was amazed at the beautiful scene before him. Everything was perfect just as he knew it would be thanks to Traci. The huge pergola in the center stood out and was flanked with different sections. The fire pit with the rounded couch accented by the outdoor toss pillows, which were indeed inviting, and the outdoor daybed was surrounded by the mosquito net sheers and topped with a ton of fluffy pillows was exquisite. He could nap outside all day. He strolled along the walking path that was flanked with tulips to the pergola. While everything was beautiful, there was only one thought he had in mind.

Where is Traci?

He took the path that led to the veranda and peered inside. She was seated at the table with her laptop, not realizing he was staring at her. Her hair was piled into a curly ponytail on top of her head, and her radiant skin was a deep golden-brown thanks to the late April sun. Her whimsical yet serious facial expression was poised but solemn. She was deep in thought as her hands raced along the keys. She looked up as if to contemplate something and her eyes instantly met his. They didn’t waver nor did she seem ruffled by his presence.

Smiling, he entered the veranda and sat in the chair across from her.

“I’m glad you’re still here.”

“I was just going over your invoice, making sure everything was correct before I emailed it to you. We’ve had some changes along the way from the original design plans.”

“Okay, I’ll go grab my checkbook from the safe, unless you take debit cards or prefer cash.”

Wrinkling her nose, she glanced at the screen. “Um … I doubt you have this much in cash on hand.”

He had to hold back a snicker. “I’m sure I do,” he stated matter-of-factly.

“I have a debit card slider for my cell phone. If you have a printer, I can print the invoice now since you’re here.” She pursed her lips together with a raised eyebrow.

“I know you planned on being gone before I came home, but I had a cancellation.” More like he’d skipped lunch and had his assistant call his last three clients to move their appointments up.

“Yes, I was just about to leave. My helper left right before you arrived.”

“The backyard looks amazing,” he stated sincerely. “You did a fantastic job.”

“Thank you.” She placed her eyes back on the computer screen to avoid him, but he still caught the slight blush that touched her cheeks.

“Just turn the computer around so I can see the invoice. You can email it to me later. No biggie.”

Traci swirled the computer around, and he scanned over the invoice. Everything was as they discussed except for her labor. There was a discount.

“Why am I getting a discount?” he asked in a puzzled tone.

“You assisted me.”

“Nonsense, you worked very hard. Have you seen my backyard? It’s a mini botanical garden. You designed and implemented it. No, you deserve the full amount that we discussed in the beginning, so add it back in.”

“No. When a client helps I don’t charge the full labor.”

“Now I’m just a client?”

“Yes.”

Sighing, he took his wallet out of his back pocket to retrieve his debit card and handed it to her. “Fine. Charge the amount on the invoice. I’ll be right back.”

He went through the French doors that led to the kitchen and noticed the pots on the stove. It was Thursday, so his housekeeper had stopped by to prepare his meals for the next few days and to clean. His stomach growled, but dinner could wait. Instead, he retreated to his bedroom and into his closet. Pushing one of the panels on the shoe wall, he entered a small cedar closet that held his sweaters and winter coats. He pushed aside some leather coats to a safe, opened it, and pulled out what he needed.

When he returned, Sean was relieved to see Traci still seated. For a moment, he thought surely she would try to hightail it out of there, but she was fumbling around on her laptop.

“Hey, it went through?” he asked, teasingly.

“Yes, and I emailed you the invoice and the receipt for your records.” Closing the laptop, she stood. “Well, I’m going to get going. It will be dark soon, and I need to stop for gas.”

“Aren’t you going to give me a tour of your masterpiece?”

She slid the computer into her tote bag, avoiding eye contact with him. “There’s nothing new except the roses and the bed under the pergola.”

“Are you going to explain to me how to care for all of the plants and stuff?”

“All of that is attached to the email I just sent you, and the koi pond information is in the brochure that Mr. Hua left. I saw you place it in a drawer in the kitchen.”

“Sooooo …”

“You’re all set.” She slid the bag onto her shoulder and glanced out at his yard. “I did take some pictures. Is it okay if I put them in my virtual portfolio?”

“Of course.” He handed her an envelope. “This is for you.”

Puzzled, she looked down at the envelope in her hand. “What’s this?” she asked, opening it and pulling out twenty crisp one-hundred dollar bills.

“Your tip. I always tip people that have done a service for me. Thank you. My backyard is immaculate. You created the vision I had in mind, so now when I sit out on the veranda and do paperwork or relax, I’ll have a beautiful view … heck, I can sit out there under the pergola. Chillax at the fire pit or take a nap in the outdoor bed.”

“Well, I’m glad you’re pleased with the end result and thank you for my tip even though it’s not necessary.”

“You know, speaking of the fire pit, how do we know it works?”

She gave him her are-you-kidding-me look. “I’m sure it works. You just light it.”

“And it will come on?”

Tilting her head to the side, she stepped toward him. “You do know how to light a fireplace, right?”

“I have a gas fireplace.”

“Oh …”

“Can we go look at it before you leave?” He stepped into her personal space. “I just want to make sure it works.”

“Okay,” she answered uneasily.

“I’ll meet you out there. Gonna grab the lighter from the kitchen.”

*****

Traci sat on the rounded couch in front of the fire pit, not believing that she’d agreed to stay. Her goal was to be done and gone by the time he arrived home, but she’d wasted an hour chatting with the housekeeper, Sadie, about how to make the perfect beef stew in a Crockpot and had sampled the dinner she’d cooked for Sean. It was a succulent roasted chicken with cabbage and spicy rosemary corn along with peach cobbler. She couldn’t say no when Sadie offered.

Now here she sat, mad at herself for giving into his request. He was a grown man who should be able to light a fire pit without her help. She knew he had to be lying, especially when his smoldering gaze had landed on her when he stepped into her personal space. Now she was kicking herself for letting his smooth-talking and sexy charm make her forget she was supposed to take her money and jet before he convinced her to stay.

Her eyes spotted him strolling along the walkway. He’d taken off his suit jacket and tie. His blue shirt was unbuttoned to expose a peek of his smooth, chocolate chest. Her mouth watered at the thought of placing kisses on his skin, and she had to remind herself there couldn’t be anything between them. Her eyes zoomed into what he was carrying. In his right hand was a bottle of champagne and a bag of marshmallows, and in the other hand two champagne flutes with the lighter wedged in-between. Under his arm were two long, bamboo-like sticks.

“What’s all this?” she asked as he approached the pergola.

“Just a toast to celebrate.” He sat everything down on the table next to the couch. “So let’s get the fire going first.” He grabbed the lighter and lit the wood. “Cool. It works.”

“Yeah, I figured it would.”

He reached back to the table, popped the cork on the bottle, and proceeded to pour the champagne into the two flutes. He handed her one and sat on the couch next to her with his glass pointed toward hers.

“You want to make a toast?” she asked.

“To you, of course. Thanks to you my dull backyard is now an oasis of peace and tranquility. I sincerely appreciate all of your hard work in creating a refuge for me to enjoy after a long day at work.”

“You’re welcome.” She clinked his glass, and they both sipped on the champagne.

“So, how does this roasting marshmallows work.” He grabbed the bag and opened it.

“Just put it on a stick and set it over the fire for a few seconds.”

“All right. Let’s try it.”

After about ten minutes, they’d both gone through three marshmallows before getting it just right. Some had fallen right into the fire and some were too burnt to eat.

“I think this one is perfect,” Traci said, pulling it out of the flame. She blew on it before biting into it. “Mmm … this is good. Do you want the rest?”

“Certainly.” He leaned over and slid it off of the stick with his teeth.

Traci licked her lips at the sight of his teeth pulling on the marshmallow just as he’d pulled on her panties during the massage.

“Okay, let me try to get this one right.” He slid a marshmallow on his stick and set it over the fire. Traci raised his arm some so the gooey treat wouldn’t burn.

“That looks good,” she said as he lifted it out and blew on it.

“You can have it,” he said, placing it to her mouth. She bit into it, and dragged the rest off of the stick and into her mouth. “Delicious, huh?” He reached out with his finger and wiped the side of her mouth; at the same time she swished her tongue over to lick a piece that she felt on the corner of her lip. Instead, she licked his finger and she froze. They stared at each for a few seconds while his finger still lingered in her mouth. She kissed it lightly, and in one swoop he grabbed her up on his lap and sunk his lips on hers, showing no mercy as he ravished her senseless.

Moans of relief and her pent up desire for him rushed through her as his sweet tongue met with hers. She knew this was wrong, but he felt so damn good as their kissing intensified with every touch of his lips on hers. He tugged the scrunchie out and raked his fingers through her hair, pulling her further into his mouth. Holding unto his neck for support, she wrapped her legs around his waist. His lips left hers, awakening a frustrated sigh to escape her throat. She wanted him to continue kissing her, and yet she wanted his heated lips on her neck, breasts, and anywhere else he sought. Sean was sending her on a whirlwind of pure ecstasy. What the heck was she thinking when she’d told him she didn’t want to see him again. And miss out on his long tongue stroking and tantalizing her to the point of vaguely remembering where she was?

“I need to tell you something,” he said on the side of her neck as he nibbled and tugged on her skin.

“What?”

“I need to tell you why I stopped us from going any further the other night.”

“Well, it sure as hell wasn’t because you didn’t have any condoms.”

He jerked his head up and gazed at her with a sly smile. “And how do you know that?”

Shoot. I wasn’t supposed to say that.

“Um … I kinda opened a drawer and saw them, but in my defense Caitlyn had me convinced you had some kind of sex slave room considering I saw that whip and handcuffs.”

“Uh huh. Cute. No, dimples, I don’t have a sex slave room, and the toys didn’t belong to me. I’m not the black Christian Grey.”

“Sooooo … you aren’t mad at me?”

“No. I’m glad you told me. I sort of figured you must’ve seen them considering when I went into the drawer a moment ago, I noticed one of the boxes was turned a different way. In case you haven’t noticed, I’m sort of a neat freak and everything has its place. That’s my OCD.”

“I’ve noticed. So what do you want to tell me?”

“The reason why I stopped us from going any further is because I needed to make sure I didn’t have any STD’s.”

She wasn’t expecting that answer at all. “Oh. Do you?” Her heart beat sped up as she awaited his answer.

“No. I had my test on Monday and it came back yesterday. I’m good, but I just wanted to make sure before we went any further. I would hate to lose you over something like that.”

“Have you ever … I mean … you’ve …”

“Yes, when I was in college. It was curable, thank goodness. I was stupid, didn’t use a condom, and … well, let’s just say after my father gave me a penicillin shot, we had a man to man conversation. I’ve used condoms ever since, but I still get paranoid and so every six months or so I get tested for everything.”

“Well, I just had my yearly pap a few months ago so I’m good. Of course, I haven’t had sex in who knows when, but I still have the STD panel done during my exam since Raven always insists.”

He placed his hands on either side of her face. “Now do you understand why I wanted to wait?”

“I do, and I thank you for that. A lot of men don’t care or even think about such things.”

“So now tell me your reasons for not wanting to see me again.”

Her brow creased. “I’ve already told you.”

“No, you never gave a clear reason.”

She sighed for she knew she hadn’t. “I just think its best that we don’t see each other anymore because you love your single life, and I want more than just a fling.”

“So do I, and have from the moment I laid eyes on you.”

“You may change your mind one day.”

“Are your dimples going away?”

“No.” She tried to muffle a smile but couldn’t. He always had a smooth way to make her do exactly what he wanted.

“Then neither am I.” He kissed each dimple as she giggled.

“Okay, we’ll try it your way. Keep in mind, if you hurt me my brother is in the Army, and even though I’m the oldest, he doesn’t play when it comes to his baby sister.”

“I have three sisters … trust, I understand.”

Lifting himself off of the couch while she was still clinging to him, he carried her to the outdoor bed. He laid her down on it and proceeded to close the sheers.

“We’re outside,” she reminded.

“And?” he asked, pulling her legs around his waist and staring down at her.

Goodness he was riveting and yes, she wanted him, but … “You have neighbors.”

His brow raised and a cocky grin inched up his left cheek. “You’ve noticed the ten foot tall, brick privacy fence surrounding my backyard, right?”

“I may get a little loud,” she whispered.

“There’s no may about it. You will get loud, but my neighbors behind me are in New York for the rest of the month. The house on the right is for sale and vacant. The house on the left is an half an acre away and the teenagers usually play their music or video games so loud I totally doubt they can hear anything outside of their house.”

“Well, in that case—” she started, but couldn’t finish as he lowered his lips to hers.





Chapter Eleven


Sean placed hard yet tender kisses down Traci’s neck until he reached the first button of her shirt. He teased his tongue along the top her cleavage and slid it back around her collarbone as sensational moans sighed out of her mouth. Her hands roaming over him were knocking him out of the sensual state he was trying desperately stay in. He wanted to take it slow in order to savor every inch of her delectable body. He lifted his head and stared down at her fire-filled eyes. Heck, he’d already experienced her body and had discovered some of her turn on spots when he’d given her the body massage.

On that note, Sean ripped open her shirt as the buttons popped and scattered onto the pergola floor. Her sexy giggle informed him he’d made the best decision. Shoving her bra out of the way, he sank his lips on her hard nipple relishing in its tautness.

“I’ll buy you a new blouse,” he said in-between kissing and sucking her breasts that he’d missed. “And anything else you want.” Reaching his hand around her back, he unsnapped her bra in one flick followed by pulling off her shirt.

“I just want you,” she breathed out. “Only you.”

Sliding his hand down to her khaki shorts, he unbuttoned them as her hand rested on his. At first he thought she was going to stop him, but instead she unzipped the shorts. Lifting her bottom off of the bed a tad, she pulled them down along with her panties. He sat up on his knees and finished yanking them off along with her shoes and socks.

“Your body is exquisite. I can’t wait to give you another massage but not now. I need to be one with you.”

Sitting up, she reached out to his belt. “Well, hurry up then.”

Sean snickered at her demand. It was cute, but she’d soon learn who was in control.

Standing on the side of the bed, he pulled a few condoms from his back pocket and tossed them on the coverlet. He noted the raise of her eyebrow and he bent down to kiss her while he finished unbuttoning his shirt. Her tongue swirling with his was making it hard to concentrate as he fumbled with the buttons. Swatting his hands away, she ripped opened his shirt and whispered ‘now we’re even.’ She wrestled it over his arms and tossed it with his other clothes. Placing kisses along his chest, Traci tugged him by the shoulders until he was on top of her. Wrapping her legs around his waist, Sean grabbed one of the condom packets and opened it. Once he was secured, he kissed her lightly on the lips as he slowly entered her. She gasped out and wiggled her hips until he was all the way in. She clutched his shoulders as he began to slide in and out of her at a steady pace. He was basking in her essence as he became immersed inside of her body and soul. Her muscles clenched around him, contracting and nestling around him tighter. Her head was buried in his chest, but he could still hear her pleasure-filled moans.

Lifting her legs up higher to his shoulders, he held her hands to the bed and delved in deeper as her trusting eyes never left his face. She began to raise her hips and meet his thrusts that increased the more she called out of his name. His name synced along with the seductive moans she screeched out increased his addictiveness to her even more. He was pleased with the way her body responded to his. They were in complete accord with each other. Their tongues, fingers, legs, and hearts were intertwined together as the intensity of their lovemaking amplified as each second passed.

Sean sensed his climax was near especially when she twisted under him and panted his name as her eyes rolled back. Her chest heaved up and down while her body shook the entire daybed as if an earthquake had just hit Memphis. However, it was her releasing an orgasm around him. Her muscles clenching his erection were too much to keep himself under control, and he reached his climax a few moments later.

He bent down and kissed her damp forehead while she calmed down her breathing.

She looked up at him questionably and whispered in his ear. “Do you think the neighbor’s heard me?”

“Sweetheart, as much as I’d like to think they didn’t, it’s possible. You were quite loud, but I enjoyed every minute of it.”

“You weren’t exactly quiet either,” she teased, scooting from under him and lying on her side.

He turned to face her and gathered her in his embrace. “How could I with a sexy, little vixen driving me insane?”

“Well, you weren’t the only one being driven crazy. I’m still on cloud nine.” She paused and glanced around, running her hand along the white sheers at the headboard. “Or it could be that we’re surrounded by all this white.”

“You’re the one that suggested the daybed be draped with mosquito net sheers and topped with a zillion pillows. Not sure how we’re fitting in here engulfed with pillows and this fluffy comforter but I find it quite sexy and romantic.”

She giggled and rubbed her nose on his.

“You’re adorable, but you know that, don’t you?” he asked, rubbing his nose back on hers. He couldn’t believe he’d rubbed noses. That wasn’t him. None of this was him. Making love on an outdoor daybed enclosed with sheers, tons of fluffy pillows and a down comforter with the only light---which was minimal---was the fire pit for the sun had gone down. The same fire pit that he said he would never have a romantic evening with a female. Heck, he even roasted marshmallows. Since meeting Traci he was romantic, more thoughtful, and ready to have only one woman in his life. Her.

Sean traced a finger down her cheek, around to her luscious lips that were red and plump from all of their kissing, down her chin, and ended at the pulse on her neck that was beating erratically. Meeting his lips with hers, he kissed her lovingly and slowly for he wanted to relish every single soft sigh and experience every part of her mouth.

Stopping for a moment, Sean sat all the way and hauled her on top of his lap. He continued their kiss, still unhurried. There was no rush now. Last time he needed to be one with her so bad it hurt. This time he wanted to make love to her slowly to learn every single sensual thing about her. He needed to know all of her erogenous spots, her different sighs and her satisfied facial expressions. He wanted to make sure that whatever her past boyfriends bestowed upon her was erased. She was all his now. In his heart he knew she would be the last woman he’d ever make love to. He couldn’t imagine another woman in his arms. He couldn’t imagine another woman whispering or panting his name but Traci.

*****

Traci lay with her head on Sean’s chest, running her fingers along its smoothness as she listened to his soft snoring. Their lovemaking had been passionate and exquisite. Sensual and sexy. At times he’d made her laugh and at times he’d made her plead for more with tears streaming down her cheeks. She knew it would be over-the-top amazing with him, but she didn’t realize just how much until it was happening. Until she was screaming and panting his name. It was beyond measure. Beyond all the wild daydreams she’d had about them being one.

She glanced at the clock on his nightstand. It was just before midnight. They’d fallen asleep a few hours ago after their second session that had started outside but ended in his bed. She was completely spent and famished. Deciding to see what was in the refrigerator, she eased away from Sean who pulled her back to him and set her on top of him.

“Where are you going?” he asked groggily.

“To the kitchen. I’m starving thanks to you.” She kissed his nose and nestled her head in his neck.

“Me too. We never did eat dinner and Sadie cooked so much. Let’s go grab something to eat. You need your strength,” he said, popping her bare bottom. “I may have a little ammo left.” He tossed her his pajama shirt that he’d brought in earlier for her to wear, but she was too worn out to put it on.

Twenty minutes later, they sat at the kitchen table. Sean was eating the dinner Sadie had made, but Traci opted for a salad and apple slices with peanut butter. She didn’t want to eat so much late at night.

“So how’s your mother?” Sean asked, taking a gulp of his water.

“Well, it’s funny you asked that. I wanted to call you, but we weren’t speaking.”

“Um … no, you weren’t speaking but continue.”

“Anyway, turns out she went to Vegas this weekend to audition for a reality show. Have you heard of Women Poker Players?”

A puzzled smiled formed across his face. “Yes, I watch it sometimes. That’s interesting. Did she get the gig?”

“Yes. The producer saw her at a private poker game a few months back and invited her to Vegas. Thankfully, my mom’s best friend is an attorney and flew with her to go over the contract and make sure everything was on the up and up. Otherwise, I’d be really worried about her.” Traci went on to explain everything else her mother told her about the reasons that led her to the gambling addiction and why she now knows Mildred has it under control.

“That’s great to hear, dimples. I’m sure you’re happy as well.”

“I’m relieved.” Traci twirled an apple slice in the peanut butter. “Of course, they’ll still be a part of me that will worry from time to time.”

“There’s nothing wrong with that,” Sean said sincerely. “She’s your mother. I figured it may have stemmed from your father’s death, and I can see how playing poker makes her feel close to him. That’s a good thing.”

He paused for a minute, staring at her as if he wanted to say something else. He took the last bite of the cabbage and tossed the fork on his plate. She titled her head to the side as he continued pondering something while he wiped his mouth with his napkin.

“You have something else to say?” she asked as her curiosity peaked.

“Do you think your mother will like me?”

She wrinkled her nose in disbelief and laughed. “Of course. You’re a great guy. She’ll especially like the work you do with the veterans. My grandfather, her father, died in the Vietnam War.”

“Really? My dad’s younger brother, Uncle Sean, was in Desert Storm and some other missions. When he came back, he was a changed man and not in a good way. At first he was fine; however, over the years it got worse. He’d always been my favorite uncle considering I was named after him, but I didn’t know him anymore. His behavior had become erratic especially after his wife left him because she didn’t understand what was going on in his head. My mom told me had he PTSD. I was in high school at the time and began researching it. I credit it as one of the reasons I went into psychiatry instead of cardiology like my dad. Once my uncle died from taking his own life, I vowed to help other veterans as much as possible in his honor.”

“Wow, Sean I had no idea. What a heartbreaking story. Your mother mentioned the counseling you do with the vets, but I had no idea why.” Finishing the last bite of her salad, she pushed her plate away and sat back in her chair.

“It’s a family thing. We all do our parts to help the community. It stems from my dad. He hated the way his mother died when he was sixteen because she didn’t receive proper medical attention because she couldn’t afford to. It encouraged my father to be the man he is today. No matter what a person’s financial situation is or whether or not they have insurance, we don’t turn anyone away.”

“I know. Your mother has told me about the free health screenings she and your father started years ago in the inner city communities.”

“They assist even though they’re retired, but my dad still travels around the country to medical conferences and medical schools when asked. He helps out Cannon sometimes with Doctor’s Unlimited.”

“I guess so. Isn’t he one of the top cardiac surgeons in the United States?” Standing, Traci grabbed their empty plates and headed to the sink.

“Something like that,” Sean replied with a shrug. “To me he’s just Dad.”

Traci heard the screech of his chair and saw him strolling her way out of the corner of her eye. Warm hands encircled her waist as she ran hot water to wash the few dishes in the sink. Kissing the side of her neck, he trailed his hands down to her hips and squeezed them. A meek moan escaped her. Turning off the water, she leaned her head back on his chest

“That feels nice,” she said, closing her eyes as he nibbled and sucked the side of her neck. She had a sneaky feeling he may leave a love mark there, but she didn’t care as he continued to the other side running his tongue over her skin slowly as he lifted the pajama shirt up and over her head. Turning her to him, in one swoop he lifted her and carried her to one of the bar stools at the island. He sat her on it so her bottom was facing him.

“Hold on to the island.”

She did so and glanced over her shoulder to see him pulling a wrapped condom out of his pajama pants pocket. He slid them down, and she gulped at the sight. This would be their third time tonight, and he was erect and ready as ever. After he was protected, he pulled her toward him as the bulge of his erection rubbed between her butt cheeks. Leaning her over the counter, he teased her opening with the head of his rod before pushing in an inch a time while she gasped out little breaths of air to get used to him from that position. Plus, she’d never had sex on a bar stool and feared she’d fall off so she gripped the edge of the counter tighter.

Sean leaned over and kissed her ear. “Don’t move,” he commanded. Clutching her hips, he began to slide in and out of her slowly at first. However, the more she yelled out and pounded her fists on the counter, the harder his thrusts became and the louder she called out his name. He continued to delve deeper into her as she screamed out incoherent words and moans. His tongue danced along her neck and around to her lips. Their kissing somewhat muffled her ardent moans of desire but some still seeped through her mouth the faster his long stokes progressed. The bar stool began to shake and she really thought she was going to fall over, but he wrapped one of his arms around her waist and held her firm against him while never breaking their rhythm.

An orgasm slammed through her body as she cried out and slumped against the island. Stretching her arms out, her hands held onto the prep sink that was embedded in the granite while her body shook hard with heat pulsating through her veins. She tried to lift her head to look at him but she couldn’t as he continued wreaking pleasurable havoc on her. Traci didn’t know how much more she could take especially when he moved his hand to her little pink pearl and circled a finger around it. This enticed another orgasm to swoosh through every cell of her body, shaking the bar stool. Pulling her up off of the island and the stool, he landed them on the floor in front of the chaise lounge that divided the kitchen from the great room. She was now on all fours still amazed at how Sean hadn’t stopped at all but too engrossed in the wild ride he had them on. She reached up to the chaise and laid her head on it. His strokes slowed down a bit and she sighed out at how magnificent she felt as little tremors of her climax still remained. Leaning over, he kissed her cheek.

“Are you okay, dimples?” he asked seductively, tracing his hot tongue to her neck.

‘Mmm hmm, Sean’ was all she managed to mutter out.

He popped her bottom as he sped up once more, and she knew he was going to climax as he began to draw her harder to him. Shuddering behind her, he let out a long growling sound before flopping on her back. A few moments passed before their breathing returned to normal. Easing out of her, he gathered her up and placed her on the chaise. He stepped away to the kitchen and returned with two bottled waters. She couldn’t believe how easily he strode back for her legs were jelly. She figured unless he carried her back to the bedroom, she’d have to crawl.

She scooted over and made room for him as he handed her the water. She took a swig followed by a deep gulp. Thanks to losing a lot of sweat plus the champagne from earlier, Traci was dehydrated. He pulled the throw blanket that was draped on the end over them and drew her toward him.

Kissing her forehead, he tousled her hair and chuckled. “I think you’ll be wearing a hat tomorrow to work.”

Running her hand through it, her fingers hit a few tangles. “You’re probably right, but I enjoyed every minute of it. Besides, it’s not like I don’t dress down at my job almost every single day.”

“Well, you may need a scarf or handkerchief tied around your neck.” He pointed to the two love marks his teeth had made.

“I have a few. I’ll be fine.” She looked through to the great room at the clock on the mantle. “I’ll have to leave early enough so I can be at work on time.”

He groaned sleepily. “I wish we could sleep in, but tomorrow is Friday. Tell you what, after work, grab some of your clothes and stay with me this weekend. And while you’re at it, pack a few extra things to leave here so you don’t have to get up early and go home to dress all the time. I have another closet in the bathroom. It’s just like mine but empty. Bring whatever you like.”

Sitting up, she looked at him but his eyes were closed. She kissed his cheek and cuddled back on his chest.

“Don’t forget to take your key under the potted plant,” he whispered.

“I won’t,” she said, drifting peacefully off to sleep in his comforting embrace.





Chapter Twelve


Traci walked arm-in-arm with Sean inside of the overcrowded restaurant which was typical of Lillian’s for a Friday night or any night. She really wanted to stay in and relax, but one of Sean’s favorite jazz bands was in town and he wanted to hear them play. He’d requested a corner booth on the second floor so they could listen but still have some type of privacy.

Traci loved the romantic side of Sean. He was compassionate, thoughtful, and considerate. Plus, he loved listening to her talk and ramble about her day at the gardens. Sometimes she felt bad about clogging up his ears and head with silly nonsense about flowers, Japanese beetles, and compost fertilizer, but he never complained. Plus, she figured her ramblings couldn’t possibly be as bad as listening to his clients who were on the verge of nervous breakdowns.

Once they were seated, she perused her menu only to look up and see Sean’s sexy stare on her.

“What?”

“I’m not allowed to look at my woman?”

Heat rose in her cheeks. For the past month he’d referred to her as his woman and it never got old. She loved hearing it. “Yes, but the waitress will be here soon.” She glanced back at the appetizers. “You already know what you’re going to order?”

“Fried shrimp with collards and a bowl of gumbo on the side.”

“Sounds great. I think I’m having the bourbon smoked beef brisket and—”

“Hello, Sean,” a female said a little too excitedly.

Traci glanced up and saw it was the waitress who had her hand resting on Sean’s shoulders. She was tall, regal, and gorgeous. She reminded her of the model that she saw at Sean’s home with the handcuffs.

“Hey, Claudia,” Sean answered. “I didn’t know you worked here.”

“Just started a few weeks ago. Needed a little extra money in between modeling gigs, but you would’ve known that if you’d been returning my phone calls and text messages.”

Sean cleared his throat. “Claudia, this is my girlfriend, Traci.”

Claudia glanced over at Traci as if she’d just realized she was sitting there.

“Oh, hello. I guess I know why all of my phone calls have been going straight to voicemail.” She slid a pad and a pen out of her apron’s pocket. “What can I get you two?”

After they placed their order and Claudia left, Traci was at a loss for words. It wasn’t exactly the first time they’d ran into a woman he’d dated in the past, and they all looked alike. The model type. She’d remembered overhearing Raven and Bria teasing about it at the Arrington family home when she was assisting Darla with planting a butterfly garden. The sisters were wondering who Sean was bringing to the family cook out, and Raven had said ‘some wannabe model with heels so high she’ll be just as tall as Sean’.

The first girl they’d ran into a few weeks ago in the grocery store nearly knocked Sean over with a hug. When Sean politely pulled her off of him and stated that Traci was his girlfriend—first time he’d ever said that—the chick was offended and stated that Traci was so short that she didn’t realize she was there and stormed off while citing ‘lose my number’.

The second time they ran into Sean’s past it was actually two girls who simply wanted to know would Traci be joining in for a foursome. She’d pulled him away as he pretended to ponder the idea.

And now the waitress at Lillian’s. The fact that he had a past wasn’t an issue, but she wondered how many more times was it going to happen.

“So, you’ve been avoiding Claudia. She doesn’t seem too happy about that.”

“She’ll be all right, and I haven’t been avoiding her. I simply tossed that phone into the Mississippi River. Once that plan runs out next month, I won’t be renewing it.”

“How many cell phones do you have?”

“Only one now. It’s my phone for family and friends. It’s the number you’ve always had. The other phone … well, it was my …”

“Little black book,” she finished for him with a smirk.

“Something like that.” He smiled sheepishly.

“And you tossed it?”

“Yep.”

“When?”

“Well, at first it was locked in my glove compartment the night I met you here. I took it out a week later and tossed it in the river. Best feeling ever.”

“Why the river?”

“I think it’s a family thing. I was with Bria when she tossed her engagement ring into the river after she’d found out her fiancée cheated on her and got the side chick pregnant. I remembered her saying it was like throwing away dead weight and it was. Very exhilarating because I’ve never been as happy as I am now that I have you.” He reached over and grabbed her hands. “I’m so thankful you’re in my life, dimples. Thank you for giving me a chance.”

She squeezed his hands and stared at the honesty that shone on his face. She’d never been this happy either. “Me too, Sean.”

He sat back in his chair and slid his cell phone off of the table. “You know what I need to do?”

“What’s that?”

“Call Justin and tell him to personally bring our food out.”

Traci laughed. “I think that’s a great idea.”

*****

Later on that evening, Traci laid with her body smashed against Sean’s in the bed while he read an article Cannon had written for a medical journal. She kissed the side of his neck and rubbed her hand on his bare chest.

“Almost done?” she asked, tugging at the skin on his neck.

“Mmm … um … your tongue feels good. Just one more paragraph and I’m all yours.”

Licking up to his ears, she ran her hand down to the waistband of his pajama pants. “Okay, because I want to try something different.”

“What?” He tossed the magazine on the floor and placed his focus on her.

“Well, I don’t know. I’ll leave that to your imagination.” She trailed her lips down to his chest and circled his nipple with her tongue.

“Are you sure?”

She flung her body over his and straddled him while rotating her middle on his erection. His hands grasped her butt cheeks and pulled her harder down on him. She lowered her lips to his and licked them.

“Very.”

Flipping her over on her back as a delighted squeal erupted from her throat, his lips landed on hers in a blissful kiss of passion. She’d thoroughly enjoyed kissing him for each one was never like the ones before. It was always as if they were kissing each other for the first time all over again. It was passionate and surreal. His magical tongue gyrating with hers in a sensual rhythm as his hands roamed recklessly over her body sent erotic shivers to slam through her. No man had ever made her feel this desirable and insatiable. She simply couldn’t get enough of him. Even when they weren’t making love she needed to be near him. In his arms. Touching him. Smelling him. Just being in the same room made her giddy. She hated to admit she’d become addicted to his presence because it was the one thing she didn’t want to do. However, he seemed to be in the same predicament as she was, for once they were alone either at his house or hers—usually his for he was just too overbearing for her little loft—he’d grab her and not let go until it was time to get up the next morning. Even then they’d hug and kiss while getting dressed.

He raised his head and smiled down at her. “I’ll be back. Take off your clothes.” He slid from her and bounded off of the bed.

Sitting up, Traci leaned against the oversized Euro sham. “With pleasure,” she said, unbuttoning the pajama shirt that matched his pants and throwing it across the room.

Sean returned a few moments later with two sets of handcuffs dangling in the air.

“I thought you didn’t own such toys?”

“I didn’t until I realized how intrigued you were. Picked them up today along with some other things, but I’ll share those with you another time.”

Her eyes and smile widened. She was nervous and excited at the same time. “Please tell me you have the keys.”

“Mmm … maybe,” he said with a wicked wink as he strolled to the bed. “Lie down on your back.”

She obeyed as she stared up at the ceiling and her chest began to rise up and down. He moved the sham out of the way and proceeded to drag her down a tad away from the headboard. After he’d placed a pillow under her head, she heard the clink of the handcuffs. Her nipples tingled with sheer delight as to what was to come.

“Ready?”

She inhaled followed by a long exhale. “Yes.”

Sean took her right hand and cuffed it. He raised her arm and cuffed the other side to one of the spindles on the headboard. He did the same for her left side. Afterwards, he loomed over her wearing a saucy grin. He lowered his head to hers as she trembled with anticipation.

“You trust me?”

She nodded yes because there was a lump stuck in her throat that was prohibiting her from answering.

Kissing her gently, he wound his tongue in her mouth before tracing it down her body to her breasts. He placed one in his mouth as he sucked and pulled on it. She tried to move her hands to hold onto his head, but she remembered she was presently restrained. His mouth caressed her breasts back and forth while he placed a finger in her mouth to suck and lick her tongue around. With his free hand, he glided it down her body as a fervor of tremors tore through her. She loved the way he was making her feel—taking total possession over her body—but she hated being handcuffed, for she yearned to roam her hands over him or squeeze the pillow or mattress when the heat coursing through her became too much to handle. The only other releases she had were to moan and pant, which she did over and over.

When his hand reached her center, he rubbed it gently in a circular motion, sometimes clockwise or counter-clockwise. Both ways had her squirming and lifting off of the bed. He spread her legs and removed his mouth from her breasts. Resting his eyes on her face, he stared at her with a deep-longing and need. His eyes had turned black as coal and his hand began to speed up, causing an orgasm to slam through her. She raised her knees up and stomped her feet on the bed while he continued to gaze down at her wearing the same, cocky façade.

“You’re so … wrong … for this, Sean,” she panted out, wanting so desperately to hold onto his face. “Do you have any idea what you’re doing to me?”

He kissed her powerfully on the lips as his hand motion slowed down to a tolerable pace.

“I know exactly what I’m doing. I’m driving you insane.”

“And you’re enjoying every single moment of it.”

Sliding a finger into her, his eyes darkened once more and her back arched up off of the bed. An intense moan leapt from for mouth.

“I think you’re enjoying this more than me, dimples. You should see all of the lovely expressions you’re conjuring up, not to mention the mind-boggling sounds erupting from your juicy lips.” He slipped another finger inside of her. “Both sets of lips,” he whispered wickedly.

She laughed. “You’re a dirty boy.”

“Thank you.”

He slid off of her and out of the bed. Tugging off his pajama pants, he let them drop to the floor and she licked her lips at the sight. She shook the handcuffs and pouted when she couldn’t get loose. When he opened the nightstand drawer and pulled out a condom pack, erotic waves of fire soared through her veins and she shuddered with pleasure about what was to come. She longed for her hands to be free so she could run them down his chest and grasp a hold of his shoulders when things got too intense like it always did. He was an exquisite lover with the best stroke action to have ever been bestowed upon her, and she didn’t know how much longer she could contain her composure while he slowly rolled the condom on his hard rod. His arrogant grin let her know he was doing it deliberately just to make her squirm.

Climbing back into the bed, Sean parted her legs with his body and slid his hands up her arms until he reached her hands.

“Do you want the handcuffs on or off?” he asked.

“On.”

“Well aren’t you my bad girl.”

Raising her lips up to his, she kissed him provocatively as her tongue met his in a fervent French kiss. He slid his hands down her body and around to her buttocks, clutching them until he eased himself into her.

“Oh … Sean …” she screamed out, desperately trying to reach for him.

Sliding in and out at a steady pace, Sean ravished her neck with kisses while incoherent ramblings came of her mouth. She didn’t know how much more she could handle. Her muscles clenched and her hips bucked against him, meeting each thrust as they became deeper and stronger.

“Yessssss … Sean … fuck me harder, please … baby!” she shouted out. She couldn’t believe she’d said the F word, but that’s exactly what she wanted him to do.

“That’s what you want?” His voice was just as rough as his thrusts. “You want me to fuck you harder?” he asked through gritted teeth as he obliged to her request.

“Puleeze … just take it. Do whatever you want. Just don’t stop fucking me,” she panted out, struggling to get loose of the handcuffs. She needed to run her hands over his chocolate skin. It was pure torture, and yet she was enjoying every amorous moment.

He gripped her bottom as he hammered into her over and over, causing her legs to quiver. She wrapped them around his waist, hoping that would calm her down, but it was no use as her orgasm increased with every millisecond, and she found herself spinning in a tornado of ecstasy she couldn’t find her way out of.

He reached up and unlocked the handcuffs. Wrapping her arms around his neck, he picked her up and laid her on her side facing him as his pace never missed a beat. Relieved to be uncuffed, she dug her hands into his shoulders and crashed her lips on his.

She could sense his climax was near as the throbbing inside of her increased, and she released and unreleased her muscles around him to purposely drive him wild. Untamed motions began for him as he jerked and groaned loudly in the air. He flipped her on her back and pushed deeper into her as she felt him pulsating inside of her. His feral orgasm shook the bed and the words he spewed out she didn’t quite understand.

Sean collapsed on top of her, causing what little breath she had to be knocked out. When she tapped him on his shoulder, he raised his head up and looked down at her, his sweat dripping on to her face. Traci didn’t care for she was soaking wet as well.

“Do you know how big you are?” she teased, trying to budge her body out from under his but couldn’t.

“Um … I think about ten and a—”

She pinched his arm playfully. “Not that. I meant body size compared to me.”

His eyes widened. “Babe, am I smushing you?” He flipped them over so that she was lying on top of him. He placed a tender kiss to her forehead. “Better?”

“Much. Did we just … I mean … did we just do all of that? Handcuffs and all?” She tried to sit up but was completely sated. “Did I actually say the F word?”

“Oh yeah. Twice. Let me know when you’re ready for the next round.”

“Ready,” she said fully reenergized.

“Goodness you’re my kind of girl.” He slapped her bottom and flipped her over.

“That’s right. The kind of girl you like is right here with me.”





Chapter Thirteen


“Babe, those ribs smell divine,” Traci said, wrapping her arms around Sean’s waist from behind while he turned the ribs over on the grill.

“Thanks. I know Justin brought beef ribs, but I still like pork every blue moon.”

They were outside in the outdoor kitchen off of the veranda. Sean had finally decided to have a small cookout with his family and friends to officially introduce Traci and show-off his beautiful backyard.

“What’s up, man? Are those done?”

Sean turned to see his brother-in-law, Rasheed Vincent—Bria’s husband—holding out a paper plate piled with food.

“Yep, I was just about to put them in the serving pan.”

“Stack two of them on top of the chicken your mother made.”

Bria walked over with an empty plate. “Sean, place them here. You’d think Rasheed was the one eating for two.” Bria, who was now four months pregnant, rose up and kissed her husband’s cheek.

“I have to keep my strength up, girl. Chasing after RJ, and of course you, is a full-time job.” They walked away arm-in-arm to join Cannon and Yasmine at the table inside of the veranda. Unfortunately the rainy day prohibited them from hanging outside.

“I think we’re done here,” Sean said, placing the last rib in the pan. “Let’s go inside with the others.”

“Yep, this rain is beginning to blow under the cover.” Traci hurried ahead of Sean. They passed through the veranda to the kitchen where Shelbi was making a chocolate and strawberry punch bowl cake.

“Mmm … I know I’m eating a piece of that. Looks good, sis.”

“Thanks. I hate to leave soon, but I have a double at the hospital. I can’t wait until my residency is over with in December, and I can work at the practice with all of you,” Shelbi said, swirling whip cream on top of the finished dessert.

The doorbell chimed. Sean glanced at the security monitor above the entrance way of the kitchen to the dining room. “Babe, can you go get that?”

“Sure,” Traci said, leaving the kitchen.

Shelbi stared at Sean in amazement. “You must really like her if she’s answering the door.”

“Yep, plus it’s for her.”

Traci rushed back into the kitchen with a dozen pink roses in a crystal vase. Sean was elated with the breathtaking expression on her face. She’d never looked more stunning.

“Sean, these are gorgeous.” He could see the tears welling up in her eyes.

He took the vase from her trembling hands and set it on the middle of the island that was packed with food from the cook out. “I’m glad you love them.”

“I couldn’t believe when the delivery guy said they were for me.”

“Well, I remembered when we first met you mentioned you love roses, preferably pink.”

“Wow, you remembered.”

He drew her in his arms. She was a tad taller today because she had on a wedge sandal, but he still picked her up as promised so she would never have to strain her neck.

“I listened to everything you said.”

“I’m speechless. These are gorgeous. Can we place them on the foyer table so they won’t be in the way on the island?”

“Of course.” He placed her back on the floor and retreated to take the roses into the foyer. As he sat them on the credenza, the doorbell rang again, but the door opened and Teresa walked in. Before he could utter a word, she charged forward and kissed him, pulling herself up and wrapping her long legs around his waist before he had time to push her off. He heard a loud, curling scream just as he’d managed to get Teresa off of him. He knew the owner of the scream, and his heart stopped beating. He turned and saw Traci frozen in the entry way of the foyer with Caitlyn by her side and the rest of his family standing around.

“This is about to get real good,” Rasheed said, swigging his beer as the rest of the family shushed him.

“Oh, isn’t that the worker who did your backyard, sugar?” Teresa asked. “What is she screaming about?” Teresa slid her arm possessively around Sean’s waist. “Oops, I got lipstick all over you.” She tried to wipe it from his lips, but he stepped away from her.

“What are you doing here?” Sean demanded.

“I’ve tried calling you, but your number has been disconnected. You told me when I got back to the States you’d make it up to me for kicking me out of the house that day.”

Sean racked his brain. He had said that to her the next day on the phone, but it was before he started to see Traci. He hadn’t given Teresa a second thought.

“Look, you’ve been gone for a while and I have a girlfriend now. Traci, the horticulturist who landscaped my backyard.”

“Oh … why didn’t you say that when I walked inside instead of French kissing me liked you missed me?” Teresa turned and walked out of the opened door just as Garrett was walking in.

“What did I miss?” Garrett asked as he glanced around at everyone in the foyer.

Sean stepped toward Traci, who hadn’t moved or said a word. Instead, she stared at him in bewilderment.

“Traci … babe?”

“I trusted you,” she whispered, as the tears fell out of her eyes like the big rain drops were falling outside.

Sean’s stomach turned into one big knot as the pain crossed her face. “No, wait she’s lying. I didn’t kiss her first or at all. She grabbed me and—” He couldn’t finish as Traci rushed passed him, snatched the roses out of the vase—which crashed to the floor—and whacked him on the arms and the chest with them over and over screaming as the petals fell off and scattered on the floor. Caitlyn pulled Traci away and held her tightly while she still tried to lunge at him.

“Stop it, girl. He’s not worth it,” Caitlyn yelled, still pulling on her best friend.

“I hate you!” Traci threw what was left of the roses at him. “I hate you!” she screamed at the top of her lungs.

“Where’s your purse and keys?” Caitlyn asked.

“In the bedroom, but my car is in the garage. It’s blocked.”

“Mine is on the street and my purse is in the coat closet. We’re leaving.”

Raven hurried to the closet. “I remember you had a brown LV.” Raven retrieved it and handed it to Caitlyn. “Get her some safely, and I’ll make sure her car gets to her sometime today.”

Sean stepped toward Traci. “No, wait! You aren’t leaving. We need to talk about this in private. Nothing happened.”

“Liar! I was standing there when you were holding her up … just like you do to kiss me.”

Traci and Caitlyn passed by him and his body numbed. He couldn’t fathom what was happening as she bolted out of the door and down the steps. He stepped forward, but Garrett held him back.

“Stop, man, let her go.”

“Hell no!” Sean wiggled free of his friend and ran across the grass barefoot to the street where Traci was getting into the passenger seat of a Toyota Camry. She shut the door when she saw him approach. He tried opening it but it was locked. The wind was blowing the rain sideways and he peered through the dark tint of the car.

He banged on the window. “Baby, please open the door.” He continued banging until the car sped off.

He didn’t know how long he’d stood watching the headlights disappear as the heavy rain beat down on his body. After a while, he felt comforting arms around him leading him back into his house. He was in a daze, but he could smell his mother’s Chanel perfume as she helped him up the steps. His siblings were all in the doorway. Shelbi tossed a blanket over him and Raven patted his back. He noticed Sadie and Yasmine cleaning up the broken glass and the rose petals off of the floor. He saw Rasheed trying to explain to Garrett what had happened before he’d arrived.

Somehow Sean made it to his bathroom and Cannon instructed him to take off his clothes before he caught pneumonia and died. Not that he cared about that. He felt like he had died the second Traci walked out his door and took his heart with her.

*****

“Girl, who died?” Caitlyn asked as she strolled into Traci’s loft with a carry-out bag and noticed the twenty-five bouquets of yellow and pink roses displayed all over.

Traci closed the door and walked through the maze of roses that had been delivered that morning before crawling back into her bed and flinging the comforter over her face. She yelled out, “Me!” Cait plopped on the bed and pulled the cover back from Traci’s face.

“Well, if it wasn’t for the scent of the roses I would agree. When was the last time you showered or brushed your teeth?” Caitlyn scooted away, wrinkling her nose.

“At Sean’s …”

“That was four days ago. Now look, you can’t keep using your vacation days to sulk over a man who didn’t deserve you in the first damn place.”

“I go back to work on Monday. I’ll be fine by then.” She propped herself up on her pillows. “The rose gardens are fine, and luckily I was already done with the orchid project.”

“Have you spoken to him?” Caitlyn retreated to the kitchen and rummaged around in a drawer. Pulling out a garbage bag, she began picking up containers of barely touched leftover food that had sat out for days.

“No, I blocked his numbers so he can’t call or text.”

“Look, get up and take a shower and brush your teeth. Twice. And gargle.”

Traci pulled the comforter back and swung her legs over the side of the bed. “You’re not funny. What did you bring me to eat?” She ran her fingers through her hair, but they got stuck in the tangles.

“You’re finally hungry today?”

“A little.”

“I brought you the chicken Caesar salad we both love at the garden’s café and some white zin. Take your shower and then we can eat. I’ll burn your sheets and comforter while you’re in bathroom.”

Thirty minutes later they sat on the couch eating since there were four dozen roses sitting on the kitchen table and six on the island.

“You have to talk to him, Tray.”

“No, I don’t. I don’t ever want to see him again,” Traci said, sipping her wine.

“All jokes aside, what if he’s telling the truth? You know he’s dated plenty of women and some of them may not have gotten the memo that he’s no longer single. That one apparently had not. She saw him and kissed him. Probably freaked Sean out. He said he was trying to get her off of him and that’s when you walked in and screamed like a banshee.”

Traci cut her eyes at her best friend. “Whose side are you on?”

“Yours, but I just don’t want you to throw away your relationship. I know I’ve been calling him an asshole and all, but he seems really into you and you two were so happy together.”

Traci picked up her fork and dug into the salad. “You’ve been talking to Garrett, haven’t you?”

“Just once. He wanted to make sure you were okay. He said Sean is a wreck.”

“Good for him. He should’ve thought about that before he kissed that trifling slut knowing I was in the next room.”

“I still say talk to him and hear his side of the story.”

After Caitlyn left, Traci settled on to the couch. She glanced at her cell phone on the coffee table sitting between two vases of roses. Reaching for the phone, she scrolled through the numbers until she saw Sean’s. After she pressed the “unblock” on the screen, twenty voicemails from him that had been in the blocked box appeared, She listened to them. The first ones were mostly begging for her to talk to him. Some were simply “I miss you” and the last one was “Did you like all of the roses?” It had been received less than hour ago. The phone vibrated in her hand, and it was a new text from Sean.

It simply read, ‘Did you watch the video I sent?’

Puzzled, she didn’t know what video because when blocking a number one can’t receive texts messages but the voicemails are stored. She didn’t want to text him back, but she was curious as to what kind of video he’d sent. She prayed he hadn’t taped them making love without her permission. She texted back, ‘No, please resend it’. A moment later a video appeared on her screen. She pushed play and it showed him in the foyer of his home placing the pink roses on the credenza. The front door opened and Teresa strutted in, kissed Sean, and jumped up on him as he tried to push her off with the most grotesque facial expression she’d ever seen on him. His mouth was completely closed when Teresa’s lips were on his.

Traci had completely forgotten about the security cameras in his home. She called Caitlyn and who was there in a flash to watch the video.

“Girl, I’m so glad you showered,” Caitlyn said, pulling Traci off of the couch. “Now jump in your beetle and go over to that man’s house right now.”

Rushing to the door, Traci grabbed her keys and purse from the hook. Opening the door, she gasped when she saw Sean standing there as if he was about to knock. He looked tired and a slight beard had formed.

“I was just coming to you …” Traci stammered, holding up her purse and her cell phone with the video still playing. Tears rushed down her cheeks, and she dropped her purse on the floor as her body trembled.

Caitlyn squeezed past them and Sean walked in, shutting the door.

“I’m sorry … I didn’t believe you, but we kept running into all of your … exes, or whatever they are …”

Sean drew her to him, gazing at her tenderly. He ran a gentle hand down her cheek. “Shh … you don’t owe me an apology. I can see how that would look to you walking in considering my back was to you and my past isn’t exactly squeaky clean. I’m sorry you had to go through that, dimples.”

She smiled through the tears as he called her his favorite nickname for her. “I’ve missed you, but I’m so scared this could happen again.” She tried pulling away, but he latched on tighter.

He stooped down to her level and rested his forehead on hers. “I promise you that won’t happen. I contacted the others and told them I was in a serious, committed relationship with the woman I intend to marry. I had a few grumbles, but most of them wished me well. They weren’t trying to settle down with me either, so in way they didn’t care.”

“I thought you tossed that cell into the Mississippi.”

“I did, but I have the phone records with their numbers. I’ve spent the last few days making calls.”

“So, I’m it for you?” she asked nervously.

“Goodness, yes! There’s no other woman I want to be with. These last few days have been the worst in my life. I’ve never missed a woman before, but then again I’ve never been in love before. I love you, dimples. I love you very much. I wasn’t about to let you walk out of my life. That wasn’t an option,” he stated seriously.

“You’ve never said I love you before.” She shuddered in his arms as he wiped the happy tears off of her cheeks.

“I know. I didn’t know how much until I thought I’d lost you even though I fell for you the moment I laid eyes on you. Heck, maybe even before. My mother was always talking about how wonderful of a person you are and how sweet you’d been to her. I figured you had to be someone special if my mom adored you, and when I met you, I could see exactly what she meant. You are indeed truly special, my love. I intend to make you happy for the rest of our lives.”

“Oh, Sean, I don’t know what to say except that I love you, too. Very much.”

When he gathered her up in his arms, she giggled with pure delight. He captured her lips with his as a relieved moan released from both of them. She’d suffered withdrawals because of being away from him, and kissed him even deeper. He carried her to the bed, and she was thankful that Caitlyn had changed the sheets and convinced her to take a shower.

Sean placed her down on the bed, and their kissing never ceased until they both cried out during their last climax after making love. Traci lay nestled in his arms, with her head on his chest as he placed a few kisses to her forehead. Her mind tracked back to something he’d said earlier, but she was so overcome with emotion it just dawned on her what he’d said.

“Sean, you mentioned you told all those women you were getting married.”

“I am. To you.”

She giggled. “Oh really? What’s makes you think I’ll say yes?”

“Because we were meant to be, and I finally found my kind of girl.”





Epilogue


Dr. Francis Arrington stood at the head of the table with his champagne glass in his hand as he looked affectionately at his family that had grown over the past few years. Tears welled in his eyes, but Darla stood, wiping them away and kissing her husband on the cheek.

“Make a speech, Dad,” Sean shouted out, patting his fiancée’s knee under the table.

“I just wanted to say on behalf of me and my beautiful Darla, that we’re very happy and proud of each and every one of you. You’ve made this 45th wedding anniversary dinner one to remember, especially with the surprise trip to tour Europe for the next month. We definitely have the best children God could’ve blessed us with. Of course, you all have tried my patience over the years, but you’re all headstrong and intelligent. Cannon and Raven, our twins. Our first babies. You two have truly made me and your mother proud. Cannon, your dedication to the medical field has truly surpassed what I could’ve imagined. You understood my real reason for becoming a doctor, and your contribution to the field by starting Doctor’s Unlimited has saved lives all over the world. Raven, you truly are a gem with your seriousness and compassion to make sure your patients are fully aware of every health issue that may occur as women. Your down-to-earth personality and warmth makes your patients feel at ease to discuss their female concerns. Darla and I knew what we were doing when we turned over the ownership of the practice to the two you. We’d groomed you two since day one to be leaders and be a sounding board for your younger siblings. Cannon and Raven, you make us very proud.”

The twins stood and gave their parents hugs. Once they were seated, their father continued.

“We thought after the twins we were done, but then Sean came along, turning our lives upside down with his curious nature and questioning everyone around him. However, as you matured, we realized it was more of a concernment for others and you wanted to help people with their issues but in a different way as you analyzed what was really bothering them on a mental level. We’re proud of your dedication to counseling and aiding war veterans any way you can because you know of the struggle my late brother had when you were growing up. I’m sure your namesake is smiling down on you right now.”

“Thank you, Father. I hope Uncle Sean knows how I much his impact had on my decision to choose the field I did.”

Dr. Arrington cleared his throat and turned to Bria. “Bria, you have definitely tested my patience along the way, but I have to say I’m proud of your headstrong personality and that you never give up when something is passionate to you. I still can’t believe you were sneaking behind my back doing acupuncture treatments and prescribing herbs to patients. However, once I understood Western and Eastern medicine can work together and you actually knew what you were doing, who was I to stop you? I’m proud of you, sweetie, your mother and I are very proud.”

Bria wiped a few tears from her eyes. “Thank you, Daddy and Mother, for believing in me and the alternative ways to help our patients.”

Dr. Arrington turned to his youngest child and sighed. “Shelbi Frances, I don’t know where to begin. You’re my babygirl who could never do any wrong in my eyes, but when you said you didn’t want to be a doctor after graduating from medical school I thought I had failed as a parent. I guess it never occurred to your mother and I that our children would want to be anything else other than doctors considering we’d groomed you all from a very young age. Maybe in a way I was wrong, but at the end of the day, you each have chosen your path that was best for you. While I am glad you decided to go the medical route after all, I would’ve been proud of you if you’d decided to stay a food critic.”

“Oh … sooooo … I don’t have to work at the practice when I’m done with my residency?” Shelbi asked, running toward her father and kissing him on the cheek. “I’m teasing, Daddy.”

“Oh thank goodness,” he laughed nervously.

“Well, again this has truly been an awesome forty-five years with my wife and my children and now I have two beautiful daughter-in-laws and three son-in-laws along with my grandchildren who are the next generation of Arringtons. As I look at my lovely wife, I can honestly say when I first met her, I saw our future in her eyes and I wouldn’t have had it any other way. I love you, Darla, and I can’t wait to spend the rest of our lives together.” He grabbed his wife to him and kissed her passionately as their family stood and clapped.





The End





About Candace

Born and raised under the sunny skies and on the whitest beaches in northwest Florida, Candace Shaw knew she wanted to become a writer after she read Little Women in fourth grade. Once graduating from the University of West Florida with a degree in Elementary Education, she began teaching and put her dream of becoming a writer on hold until one summer vacation she started writing again and hasn’t stopped.

When Candace is not writing or researching information for a book, she's reading, shopping, learning how to cook a new dish or spending time with her loving husband and their loyal, over-protective Weimaraner, Ali. She is currently working on her next fun, flirty, and sexy romance novel. You can contact Candace on her website at www.candaceshaw.net, on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/AuthorCandaceShaw or tweet her at https://twitter.com/Candace_Shaw.





Books by Candace Shaw

Arrington Family Series





Cooking up Love

The Game of Seduction

Only One for Me

Prescription for Desire

My Kind of Girl





Chasing Love Series (Harlequin Kimani Romance)





Her Perfect Candidate

Journey to Seduction





Free Reads





Simply Amazing (Arrington Family Series)

Only You for Christmas (Chasing Love/Harlequin’s website only)





Enjoy an excerpt from the first book in the Arrington Family Series, Cooking up Love.

What happens when a suave, handsome chef meets a cute, sassy food critic?

When Shelbi Arrington accepts a position as a food critic in the hopes of burying her medical career and foregoing her residency, the last thing she’s searching for is love. However, that’s just what the doctor ordered especially when she lays eyes on the handsome chef, Justin Richardson. While sorting out her secret conflict of continuing her medical career, she falls for his mouth-watering charm, leaving her hungry for anything he has to offer.

Justin is leery of doctors because a doctor’s negligence caused his mother’s death when he was twelve. He has put his focus and energy into his restaurant, which had been a dream he and his mother shared. Justin is immediately smitten by the cute, sassy food critic that has him cooking up different ways to please her appetite. But when things start to heat up, Shelbi learns of a shocking revelation that could extinguish the flame of their relationship. Will Justin be able to forget his pain and commit to the woman who has stolen his heart?





Excerpt from Cooking up Love

“This is so delicious. Do you think they’ll let me have another one?” Shelbi Arrington asked the waitress at Chow Bella’s Italian Restaurant after she took the last bite of the tiramisu, savoring every sweet, sinful taste of the delectable dessert her hips needed to stay away from.

The waitress gave a sneaky look around the restaurant, then leaned over and whispered to Shelbi, “I’ll see what I can do.” She winked and hurried to the kitchen.

Satisfied with the response, Shelbi placed the to-go bag, which held the rest of her uneaten lunch, on the chair next to her purse. She had a habit of leaving her doggie bags and made an effort to remember this one. Her uneaten portion would serve as lunch tomorrow. She took out her iPhone and typed a few notes before tossing it back into her purse.

Shelbi rested her elbows on the checkered red-and-white tablecloth, making mental notes of the patrons and the decor. A few wrinkled their noses, one couple called a waiter over in disgust, and a group of businessmen checked their watches as they waited for the check. A party of eight in the corner booth was being serenaded with “Happy Birthday” by the waiters. Her favorite scene was of a small boy talking louder than anyone else, yet his parents still conversed and neglected to quiet him. The customers seated near gave the couple frosty stares, but they never noticed.

The waitress returned with a small bag, which she set on the table along with the check. She winked, and Shelbi winked back. She eased the smaller bag into the larger plastic one and tied the handles into a tight knot.

“Ms. Arrington, here’s the check. Your lunch is on the house, but the manager thought you may want it in case you need the information for your article.”

“Thank you very much, Lizzie.” Shelbi took the slip of paper from the black leather receipt holder.

“You’re quite welcome, Ms. Arrington. I feel honored to have served a famous food critic,” Lizzie said before leaving to serve another customer.

Shelbi laughed. As a contributing food critic for Food for Thought with The Memphis Tribune, she was nowhere near famous. Some of her articles were featured in the newspaper and on their website. Plus, she had a large number of followers on her personal blog, Food Passions, which she started during her undergrad years at Spelman, but she wasn’t famous.

She pulled her last five-dollar bill from her wallet, as well as all of the quarters at the bottom, and placed the money on the table.

Checking her watch, she had five minutes to dash to the next trolley that would take her home to her loft apartment at Central Station. There, she could kick off her heels, sip a latte, and eat the other tiramisu—sure to go straight to her hips—and type the article on the Italian restaurant and the other one from a few days ago.

Once at the trolley stop, Shelbi realized she had given all of her quarters to Lizzie. She dug around her purse for some loose change or a dollar, but all she found were eight pennies, her checkbook, and a half-eaten bag of Skittles. It was a fifteen-block walk from the trolley stop to her loft. She’d made the trip several times in tennis shoes with her jogging partner, but never in her sister’s Christian Louboutins and a dress.

The red trolley stopped in front of her, and the door slid open. Unfortunately, it wasn’t the trolley driver who had a crush on her and gave her free rides whether she had money or not. She hoped the driver would have pity on her.

“Good afternoon…um…”—she glanced at his nametag—“Mike. It seems I have given all of my change as a tip to the waitress a few minutes ago. All I have are these few…” She stopped to hold out her hand. “Pennies.”

The driver tilted his head to the side and looked down at her hand. “All you gave the waitress was some change?” he asked in a harsh tone.

Stunned at his remark, as well as embarrassed at the line of people behind her groaning impatiently, Shelbi didn’t know what to say or do. She checked her wallet, hoping she had a dollar hidden somewhere.

“Move it, lady!” a man behind her shouted.

“Hurry up!” a lady with a crying baby screamed.

“I have a slice of tiramisu you can have,” Shelbi whispered. “Never mind.” She turned to go before she said something rude, or worse, cried from embarrassment.

“I’ll take care of it,” a deep, concerned voice to her left said. A whiff of intoxicating cologne floated by as the considerate stranger dropped a one-dollar bill into the trolley’s money slot.

“Thank you.” Shelbi looked up to see a chiseled, handsome face and a sexy smile that caused her breathing to stop. When their eyes met, an immediate rush of sensual excitement washed over her skin. She glanced at his hand that had just placed the money in the slot. No wedding ring, but it didn’t mean he was single. A man as chivalrous as him probably had women chasing him all over Memphis.

“No problem.” He placed his hand at the small of her back. “Let’s go sit down.” The warmth in his voice and his kind gesture made Shelbi forget about her embarrassing moment.

While on their walk, Shelbi assessed his at least six-foot-one muscular frame, curly yet wild black hair, and a fair complexion with a slight tan as if he had just come from the beach. He wore jeans with a rust-colored corduroy jacket and a cream T-shirt, perfect for the first day of fall.

Shelbi was used to the take-charge kind of guy thanks to her dad and her two overprotective brothers. However, the way the stranger glanced down at her, giving her a comforting smile, made her heart skip a beat or two and was anything but brotherly.

Once settled in their seats, Shelbi turned toward him and once again was blown away by his strikingly handsome face. Her breathing unsteady, she tried to concentrate on the woman holding a baby the next seat over. Instead, her eyes were drawn to the good-looking stranger with dark, thick eyebrows and a neatly trimmed mustache with a slight beard growing in. He was sinfully delicious. If he were dessert, she would’ve devoured him right then and there.

“Thank you so much for paying my fare. Where are you getting off? I can pay you back.”

He chuckled. “Baby, its only one dollar, but did I hear you say you have a slice of tiramisu?” He pointed toward the to-go bag in her lap.

“Why yes, I do, and you’re more than welcome to have it.”

“I’m teasing, but it’s nice to know you were willing to give it to me.”

Their eyes locked on his last four words. A heat wave rushed over her at the thought of giving it to him. Shocked at her thoughts about a stranger, she tried to stay focused.

“Well, you saved me from walking fifteen blocks in five-inch heels.” Laughing, she stretched one leg for him to see the heels on her shoes—well, her sister’s shoes.

“Hmmm…very nice…um, shoes,” the gentleman said followed by a wink and a slight biting of his bottom lip.

Shelbi raised her eyebrow as she caught his curious eyes perusing her toned legs before they settled on her face.

“So what’s your name?”

“Shelbi Arrington. And yours?

“Justin Richardson.”

“Nice to meet you, Mr. Richardson.”

She froze when their legs brushed as the trolley turned a corner, unleashing goose bumps all over her skin. She pretended to look out the window to hide the heat she felt rising in her face. She’d experienced these types of emotions before, but never within a five-minute time frame. In a few more moments, she would be at home, even though she really wanted to ride the trolley all afternoon with the handsome Mr. Richardson.

“I haven’t seen you on the trolley before. Are you new to the area?” he asked, studying her face carefully.

“I just moved downtown about four months ago. Before then, I lived in Nashville.”

“What brings you to Memphis?”

“I accepted a job at The Memphis Tribune as one of the food critics for Food for Thought.”

His thick, dark eyebrows rose slightly. “You’re a food critic? Critique any good restaurants lately?”

“As a matter of fact, I have. I went to Chow Bella’s for lunch today, and a few days ago, Lillian’s for dinner.”

He nodded. “So, did you like Lillian’s?”

“I can’t answer your question. You’ll have to buy a newspaper or go online to read my article on next Thursday,” she said, smiling at him.

“Witty and beautiful. I like that. But I’m sure there’s something you did or didn’t like about Lillian’s.”

Shelbi hesitated for a moment. She really didn’t want to tell a complete stranger, even though he did just rescue her from embarrassment and sore feet.

“Well, I was quite impressed with the atmosphere, and the food was delicious overall.”

“Overall? What was wrong?”

“Nothing really. A few things could’ve been better. The barbecue sauce tasted a little bland, even though it’s supposed to be the chef’s special recipe. It seemed store-bought, and they don’t serve pork, but this is Memphis, for crying out loud. Where’s the pig?”

“Um…well, maybe the chef wants to try a healthier angle. Pork isn’t good for your system. It isn’t easy for the body to digest.”

“I’ll remember your tip the next time I cook bacon.”

“So…” He stopped midsentence as Shelbi stood.

“This is my stop,” she said disappointedly.

“Too bad. I really enjoyed talking to you.”

“Me too. Thank you so much again for paying my fare.” She stepped off the trolley and hesitantly glanced over her shoulder to see the fine-looking man one more time.





