Synopsis

Dr. Bria Arrington has had her heart broken by one bad boy playboy and doesn’t want to travel down that road again. However, she finds herself attracted to her best friend, self-proclaimed bachelor, Rasheed Vincent. After a passionate kiss leaves them desiring more, seducing each other is the only cure.

A retired basketball player, Rasheed is a player on and off the court. When a woman gets too close, he bounces to the next one. But the condition he’s in makes him want a permanent dose of Bria’s love, and he’s ready for the shot. She knows falling in love with Rasheed is a prescription for trouble, yet she’s willing to risk it. But can she trust him with her heart?

The Game of Seduction is the second book in the Arrington Family Series.





The Game of Seduction

by

Candace Shaw



Copyright August 2012 by Candace Shaw

Cover Art by Candace Shaw, August 2012



Shaw Press

Atlanta, Georgia

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.



All rights reserved. This book, or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission from Shaw Press.





Acknowledgements

Thank you to my beta readers, Sherika Williams, Cynthia Medley and Reshemah Wright, for taking time out of their busy schedules to read the book for me and offer suggestions. I sincerely appreciate it.





Dedication

For Delaney and Sharon





Chapter One



“Take one Clarinex every morning until you completely run out, even if everything clears up,” Dr. Bria Arrington instructed her patient who had broken out in hives after eating shellfish. Bria scribbled out the prescription and handed it to the young woman.

“Thank you. Next time, I’ll make sure to ask what’s in the gumbo before digging in.” She glanced at the prescription before placing it in her purse.

“Yes, that would be very wise,” Bria said. A few moments later she walked her patient out into the waiting area and bid her good-bye.

Bria ran her fingers through her bouncy, back length curls and headed to her sister’s office. Dr. Raven Arrington, an obstetrician and gynecologist, had just seen her last patient for the day and the two sisters were headed out to get ready for their sister’s bachelorette party. Shelbi, the youngest Arrington, was getting married the next day.

Bria stuck her head in Raven’s partially opened door. “Are you ready to go?”

“Yep. Let me finish editing this article on advances in infertility treatments,” Raven answered, her eyes not wavering from the computer screen and her fingers still moving fast along the keys.

Bria was impressed at how her older sister was always focused, serious-minded, and knowledgeable about the medical field and world topics. Bria was more interested in sports, music, good food, and fun. She figured once she was out of her twenties—which she had one more year—maybe she would be more focused and serious-minded like thirty-six-year-old Raven. For now, Bria just wanted to enjoy life.

“Did you include something about acupuncture and herbs?”

“Yep.” Raven glanced at Bria and then quickly back to the screen. “You know, for someone who is an allergist, you certainly have an interest in naturopathic medicine. Too bad you can’t practice it here like you want to, but you know Daddy.” Raven ended on a sigh and pushed her naturally curly red hair behind her ears. Her huge gold hoops dangled in the process.

“I can always move to another practice.” Oops. Bria bit her bottom lip and then pretended to look through her cell phone. She hadn’t meant to speak her thought of the past few months out loud, especially to anyone in her family.

“Um … did you forget you’re a part owner of our family’s practice? Arrington Family Specialists needs you.” Raven shut her laptop and placed it in a black leather carrier before she gave her sister a firm gaze.

“I know but … like you said, I have the interest, plus I’m a licensed herbalist, a certified iridologist, and a few other things I haven’t shared that I’ve been working on.” Bria shrugged, hoping this would be the end of the conversation. She had a possible lead on a job in Atlanta but wasn’t ready to discuss it with her family yet.

“I’m sure you are, much to Daddy’s dismay, and what other certifications are you working on that’s sure to make Daddy even more upset?”

Their father, Dr. Francis Arrington, a renowned cardiologist and surgeon, had started the practice when Bria was a teenager. Her father wanted his children to work at the family practice, but her heart wasn’t strictly in traditional medicine anymore. Instead, she wanted to combine traditional and naturopathic medicine to help her patients with their allergies and other issues.

“Raven, let’s not discuss this now.” Bria’s cell phone chimed.

“Let me guess. It’s your man.” Raven grabbed her coat and proceeded toward the door.

Bria shook her head and glanced at the text. It was her best friend.

“I don’t have a man.” She stood and followed behind Raven.

“Whatever. Your face lights up whenever your so-called best friend calls or texts you.”

“For the last time, we’re just friends. Besides, he’s arrogant, cocky, a jokester, a—”

“A player,” Raven interjected, “but you still want him.”

Bria sighed. She was tired of her family and close friends insinuating that she liked Rasheed Vincent for more than just a friend. The idea was completely absurd. Because of his player ways and women always after him, she didn’t want to fall into the category of being just another notch on his bedpost. No thank you. Instead, they’d become fast friends a few months ago, hanging out at blues clubs and sporting events or staying in, ordering a pizza, and watching the games on television. She listened to his complaints and trysts about whatever girl-of-the-week he was seeing. Nope. She liked him, but not enough to put herself in a hurtful situation again.

The sisters bid farewell to the receptionist and walked briskly toward the parking lot in the frigid evening air.

As she sat in the passenger seat of Raven’s Mercedes, Bria realized she’d never read the text message. His initials, R.V., were in a box on her cell phone. She touched it to see what crazy, off-the-wall thing he had said.

Wish you were here. A party isn’t the same without my homegirl by my side. Who else is going to keep my crazy butt in check? Wish me luck. This fine sista with a big butt is checking your boy out.

The last time she spoke to Rasheed, he was on a private jet with his boys going to Las Vegas for the bachelor party for his best friend, Justin, who was also Shelbi’s fiancé. At the time, Bria had to cut the conversation short because of an emergency with a patient. As she read the message again, she knew that anything more than a friendship wouldn’t work between them anyway.

*****

Rasheed Vincent adjusted his sage-colored bow tie in the mirror as he wondered who had the audacity to pick such a color. He flashed his usual charming, sexy smile that always melted the heart of any woman in the vicinity that had the pleasure of seeing it. A retired professional basketball player, he enjoyed the attention and company of beautiful women—until they became too close—and then he was on to the next one.

He checked his appearance in the mirror one more time. Everything had to be on point today, which wasn’t hard for him. His self-confident and slightly arrogant attitude wouldn’t let him be anything but on point. His bald head glistened under the vanity lights in the dressing room of the wedding chapel. The Armani tuxedo fit his muscular, athletic physique and showcased his broad shoulders with a rock hard chest and washboard abs. He checked his onyx cuff links and buttoned his tuxedo jacket, before giving himself the thumbs up.

He glanced over his shoulder to his best friend and the groom, Justin Richardson, who was busy reading the wedding vows he’d written. Rasheed had hoped that Justin would’ve tamed his wild, curly hair for the wedding but apparently the bride wanted it just like that. Their other best friend and the second best man, Derek Martin, finished putting on his bow tie and proceeded to open a bottle of Moet.

Rasheed strode over to his boy who in two more hours would no longer be living the single life, something Rasheed never planned to give up. He was a certified playboy and intended to keep it that way.

He placed his hand on Justin’s shoulder. “You ready to put on that ball and chain … I mean get married and have sex with the same woman for the rest of your life?”

Justin chuckled and placed the paper with the wedding vows in the pocket of his black tuxedo pants. “Of course, I’m ready. I was ready when I first laid eyes on her adorable face.”

Derek chimed in, as he poured three glasses of champagne. “Yeah, man, I remember. You’ve been whipped since you met Shelbi.”

“I’m not …” Justin paused. “You’re right. I am. But my Shelbi is perfect.”

Rasheed nodded. “You have a good woman that loves you for you. That’s the best kind, man.”

Justin and Shelbi had met just four months before on a trolley in downtown Memphis. Unbeknownst to her, Justin was the owner and executive chef of the restaurant she had critiqued a few days before for her job as a food critic with the Memphis Tribune. After a whirlwind romance and the two working on some personal issues such as Shelbi deciding to begin her medical residency, the couple chose to get married on Christmas Eve. This would give them plenty of time for a honeymoon and a chance to move into their new home before Shelbi began her residency in January.

Rasheed checked his Rolex. “Well, if you change your mind, the Bentley is parked out back. I can have the jet ready, and we can be back at the strip club in Vegas in a few hours. Your bachelor party, thanks to me, was off the chain!”

Justin laughed and took the glass of champagne from Derek. “That it was. But now, I’m ready to get married to the most beautiful woman in the world. You know, Rasheed, you could be next.”

Rasheed almost spit out his champagne and thank goodness he didn’t because he knew Shelbi would’ve had a fit if any stains had been on his tuxedo jacket.

“Married?” He chuckled and shook his head. “Naw. Marriage complicates things.”

“Really? Like what?” Derek asked.

“Like getting the numbers of all Shelbi’s single, hot bridesmaids at the reception.” Rasheed took out his cell phone to make sure it was charged. “She even has some fine, sexy twin cousins from Atlanta. Twins! That would be a fantasy come true … again.” A wide smile formed on his face.

“Really? How would Bria feel about that?” Justin inquired.

“Bria?” Rasheed wasn’t surprised at the question. He had met her at Justin’s dinner and blues club a few months ago, and they’d been hanging out ever since. Everyone thought surely they would end up dating, but they were just friends. “Why would she care? She’s my homegirl. Nothing going on. We’re just friends.”

Justin and Derek rolled their eyes at each other. A knock sounded on the door and the men jerked their heads in that direction. Thankful for the interruption, Rasheed strode over to open the door. There stood the topic of their conversation along with Raven wearing their maid of honor dresses.

“What’s up, fellas? I have your boutonnières,” Bria said as they entered the dressing room. Raven took a boutonnière from a box in Bria’s hand and headed toward Justin.

Rasheed’s eyes were instantly drawn to Bria’s sexy body like a magnet. The sage-colored, straight dress hugged the curves of her petite five-foot-five frame in all of the right places. He was so used to seeing her in medical scrubs that he hadn’t noticed how shapely her body was.

His eyes gazed over her hips and a butt that he’d never realized was so rounded. Her small yet plump breasts were sitting up all nice and perky, and he resisted the urge to pull down her dress and introduce himself to them by kneading and kissing them senseless. Her thick, back-length hair was pinned up in a loose, tousled updo with sexy, wispy curls framing her delicate, bronze face. She always reminded him of the actress Gabrielle Union because of her sexy girl-next-door look and breathtaking smile.

Rasheed downed his glass of champagne, hoping it would calm down whatever the hell he was feeling for his friend. He tried to concentrate on what Raven blabbed about. Something to do with pictures, rings, and walking back down the aisle after the ceremony. But all he could do was imagine hiking up Bria’s dress and holding her up against the wall. He walked over to the bottle of champagne and poured another glass. His attention came back when she spoke directly to him.

“You’re next, playboy,” she said in her usual upbeat, bubbly voice.

“Playboy? You think I’m a playboy?” He didn’t know why all of a sudden he was offended by her comment. She called him that all of the time, and he always gave her some witty, smart-aleck answer such as “and you know this” or “til the day I die.”

The men and Raven laughed while Bria smiled and shook her head.

“Boy, please.” She walked toward him with the rose bud. She took the champagne glass from him, took a sip, and then handed it back to him. “The whole world knows you’re a playboy. Now, let me put the final finish to your attire so you can take pictures. The photographer is done with Shelbi and the bridesmaids.”

Rasheed’s pet peeve was women drinking from his glass; however, he thought it was cute when Bria did it. He finished the rest of the champagne and set the glass on the table.

“I’m going to go ahead and take Justin down to the chapel now that Shelbi is back in her dressing area,” Raven said. “The pastor mentioned wanting to see him.”

“Cool. I wanted to ask him a question about the vows I’ve written.” Justin headed toward the door with Raven.

“I’ll go with you,” Derek said. “I want to get a glimpse of those twins again.”

Rasheed looked passed Bria and straight to Derek. “Hey, I got first dibs on the twins,” he yelled as the door closed.

“Humph. And you say you aren’t a playboy,” Bria said with a whispered laugh.

Rasheed looked down at her while she struggled to pin the flower to his lapel. She was on her tippy toes despite the fact that her heels had given her a few extra inches of height. A sweet, soft scent of jasmine and gardenia radiated from her and filled his senses with her aura.

“You smell and look beautiful,” he said in a deep voice that he normally wouldn’t use with her. “I’m not used to seeing you all glammed up.”

Almond-shaped, coffee-colored eyes glanced up at his face, and her lips parted slightly before she sighed and continued to straighten the flower.

“This thing won’t stay still!” she expressed in a flustered tone. She unpinned it and tried again.

Rasheed wasn’t sure what had ruffled her feathers. Bria was always laid back and nothing got on her nerves—except the task of pinning a rosebud to his lapel. When he had first met her, he’d flirted hard. Real hard. However, she nipped that in the bud fast. She’d threatened to throw him over the banister of Justin’s restaurant and then proceeded to tell him she wasn’t some floozy or groupie. After that, he had nothing but respect for her, and they’d hung out ever since. Bria had become one of the boys to him thanks to her athletic ability, her love of sports, and cool attitude. He still checked her out from time to time, especially in the little shorts she wore when playing basketball. But he never flirted and even asked for advice about whatever girl-of-the-week he was seeing.

“Having problems, Bree?” he asked, using the nickname he’d given her and concentrating to stay composed. He tried to remember this was his friend, his homegirl. She stood in front of him so close he could see the pulse at the base of her neck beat faster than usual. He pushed his hands in the pockets of his trousers to resist the urge to glide them down her neck, her arms, back, hips—especially the hips—and then end up on her plump little derriere as he imagined picking her up and kissing her already parted, sexy lips.

“I … I almost got it,” she said with a relieved smile. She stuck the pin through the lapel and back out to firmly connect the boutonnière. “Ouch!” She pulled her finger back and waved it in the air.

Rasheed took her finger in his hand and lightly kissed it. Before he had time to think about what he was doing, he sucked the pricked finger into his mouth as his eyes met hers in an intense stare. The rise in his silk boxers strained against his pants as his lips touched her skin. He knew he needed to stop this charade, but her finger was literally finger-licking good, and he wanted more—much more.

“Better?” he whispered in a seductive tone as he caressed her other fingers with his lips and brushed a wisp of hair out of her face.

“Hmm … um …” she stuttered, and her eyes shut as more untamed purrs trailed from her throat.

The aroused music which escaped her was answer enough for him. With little effort, he moved her hands around his neck and drew her petite body hard against his. He bent his head to her quivering lips to imprison them with a seductive kiss. He kissed her deep, relishing in her essence as his tongue wound its way around hers in a slow, sensual dance. Her body arched against his, and more soft moans rose from her. He dipped his tongue inside her mouth even further as she continued to reach for it with her own. Her soft hands slid over his bald head, down to his neck and gripped his shoulders which stirred fervor in him.

“You taste so damn good, Bree,” he groaned.

Rasheed had known all along if he ever had the chance to kiss her, she would be delectable. Now he knew what the closest thing to heaven was, and a moan trembled from him. He moved his lips to her smooth neck which released a rumble from her throat. He kissed her with a tenderness that surprised him, but Bria was a delicate piece of art, and he wanted to treat her as such. He nibbled the hollow area near her collarbone and ran his hands down her backside until they rested on her plump little butt. He was trying his best to not unzip his pants and lift her leg around his torso …

Bria jerked away from him with a gasp and a wide, bewildered gaze. She placed her hand over her mouth as if it were burning.

They stared at each other for a moment before she broke the silence. “We need to go,” she said in a stern voice he wasn’t used to hearing. Usually it was a sweet musical sound, but now it was laced with disapproval and regret.

Coming down from cloud nine, he straightened his tux and looked down at her. Her eyes were wild, lipstick smeared on her full lips, and her breasts rose up and down tempting him to grab her again. He continued to be mesmerized by her hard breathing because one, he caused it, and two, her breasts had never looked so damn perky before. He cocked his head to the side when he realized her nipples poked through the material as if they wanted to break free. How could he have forgotten to touch, kiss, lick, pull, and nibble on her two luscious peaches? Damn. I’m slipping.

He stepped forward. “Bria, are you all right?” He reached for her to offer comfort.

She turned from him and headed towards the vanity area. He placed his hands back in his pockets where they should have stayed in the first place. That’s when he realized the monster in his boxers was hard as a rock. He pulled down his tux jacket, but that still didn’t hide it.

“I’m fine, but that can’t happen again.” She blotted the red lipstick with a Kleenex. “We’re friends, and friends don’t get all hot and bothered for each other.”

“So, you’re all hot and bothered over me?” he teased, trying to make her smile, but the sternness on her face hadn’t cracked.

“Rasheed, this isn’t a joking matter!”

“You’re right, Bree. I don’t know what came over me.” And the truth was he honestly didn’t know what had come over him. He couldn’t believe the aggressive way he had acted with her.

She headed toward the door avoiding eye contact with him. “Let’s just forget this happened. The photographer is ready for the men in the wedding party. You’re going to be late, and I don’t want Shelbi upset. It’s her day today.” She opened the door and closed it, leaving him in the room alone.

As much as he loved a passionate kiss with a sexy woman, Rasheed never thought kissing Bria would set his mind into overdrive. Sure, he’d been attracted to her since they’d met. He’d been drawn to her kissable dimples which displayed when she flashed her inviting smile, and he’d had the urge to place kisses in their deep crevices. He loved her funny little laugh, her thoughtfulness, and her nonchalant attitude. She was an all around cool woman. She was his best friend, his girl. He could depend on her to keep him in check and stay focused. The last thing he wanted to do was upset her. She was visibly shaken when she left, but of course his kisses always did that to any woman. No surprise there.

Rasheed checked himself in the mirror one more time, wiped Bria’s lipstick from his lips with his handkerchief, and stuffed it neatly back into his pocket. As he opened the door, he realized he was shaken as well, but he wasn’t going to let it show. After all, he was Rasheed Vincent, player extraordinaire on and off the court. Sure, Bria was beautiful, intelligent, and sexy, but he wasn’t going to let a woman steal his heart again.





Chapter Two



Bria stood next to her baby sister while she exchanged vows with her soul mate. She hoped the anxiety rushing through her veins didn’t show. Instead, she tried to stay focused on what the preacher was saying about the sanctity of marriage. If her eyes wavered even one iota to the left, they would be on the best man, who had kissed her senseless and exposed a truth she had tried to suppress since they’d met. She glanced his way, and their eyes locked.

Her moist hands gripped her bouquet, and she prayed that the wedding band on her finger wouldn’t be wet when she handed it to Shelbi.

But that wasn’t the real reason of her discontent at the moment. It was Rasheed Vincent, whose intoxicating eyes were burning a hole through her skull. He wore a charismatic, cocky smile surrounded by his perfectly trimmed mustache and goatee. He stood bold and commanding in his tuxedo which fit his athletic build in a downright sexy manner. Women lusted after the six-foot-six, chocolate Adonis as if he were a real piece of Godiva chocolate. She had never swooned before, but the intense way he ran his eyes over her as if she was naked, would be the first time if she didn’t get a grip.

They’d been friends for the past few months, but for some reason she felt—no, knew—their relationship had changed. The second he placed his tongue on her fingertips and then her lips, sent her to a place of oblivion. She had secretly wondered what it would be like to be kissed, held, and caressed by Rasheed and now she knew. Now she wanted his lips to explore her entire body, leaving no spot untouched. The thought sent a warm sensation through her veins, and she tried to turn off her thoughts of him by glancing at her parents in the front row. Her dad was patting her mother’s hand as happy tears flowed down her cheeks. Bria wanted a long-lasting relationship like her parents, but after her ex broke her heart two years ago, it seemed almost unattainable. And now she was somewhat infatuated with Rasheed, but he would be the last person she would even consider being in a long-term relationship with because he didn’t want one. He was a self-proclaimed playboy and bachelor and wanted to keep it that way.

Bria had followed him throughout his successful basketball career until the day it ended. She had read about him on gossip blogs with supermodels, wannabe models, video vixens, actresses, socialites, and heiresses and had seen him on numerous commercials. Meeting him in person had been the icing on the cake, but she would never tell him that. It would go straight to his arrogant, bald head.

During the past few months it had been difficult to resist the desire that swept her body like a windstorm whenever he was near. The urge to straddle him when he sat comfortably on her couch watching the game, chugging beers and getting mad when his team didn’t score, kept her up at night. Watching the intensity in him when he was frustrated with his team made her wonder how his face would look if they made love.

When he had kissed her earlier, she’d fought off the desire to jump up on him and wrap her legs around his waist. One thing that stopped her was that her dress would wrinkle, and Shelbi would have a fit. Second, Rasheed was the president of the playa players association. He wasn’t interested in ever settling down or even being in a monogamous relationship ever again.

Their friendship meant a lot to her, and she didn’t want to ruin it with passionate French kisses before her sister’s wedding. No. She and Rasheed would just have to look pass their mistake and make believe it never happened.

The wedding had gone off without a hitch, and they were an hour and a half into the reception. Bria cleared her fuzzy head with a cool glass of refreshing champagne as she sat at a round table with Raven and their twin cousins who had been bridesmaids. Megan and Sydney Chase were stunning identical twins which had the groomsmen drooling over themselves.

Bria had just returned from the lobby area returning a few phone calls to patients and to a few guests who couldn’t make the wedding and were running late to the reception. She had missed about thirty minutes of the reception including the cutting of the cake and the garter toss. However, she was trying to avoid being in the same room with Rasheed until she could get her thoughts together.

Zaria Richardson, the wedding coordinator and cousin to the groom, announced the bride would toss the bouquet in a few moments.

Bria stood and patted Raven’s shoulder. The twins stood and waited.

“Come on, girl. All the single ladies need to report to the dance floor like Zaria said.”

Raven looked taken aback. Right away, Bria regretted the words. Raven had been a widow for a little over a year. Her deceased husband had been a police officer who’d been killed in the line of duty three months after they’d been married, and she still grieved his death.

Bria took a deep breath and placed a hand on her sister’s shoulders.

“I’m so sorry, big sis. I wasn’t thinking.”

Raven smiled her usual it’s-ok-smile that she’d used since her husband had passed.

“No problem.” She shrugged her shoulders. “I’m single, I suppose. How about I catch the bouquet at your wedding? Besides, you know Shelbi is going to aim it at you.”

“Chile, please. Getting married is the last thing on my mind.”

Bria couldn’t help but glance at Rasheed as he leaned against the bar not noticing all of the female attention directed his way. But he was immune to it because it was a natural part of his everyday life.

He was busy texting, as usual. Probably his video vixen of the week. Apparently, the kiss was meaningless to him just like whomever it was he was texting. He was back to his playboy ways only two hours after kissing her. That was why she could never take him seriously when it came to matters of the heart—especially her heart—which wasn’t in the mood to be broken by another player.

“I’m not trying to catch the bouquet either, but I know Shelbi will say something later if I don’t at least go try. You know she’s been a hopeless romantic since she met Justin.”

Bria headed toward the designated area in between the twins. She had been sticking to them and Raven like peanut butter and jelly to avoid having to talk or even look at Rasheed. He’d been glancing in her direction during the reception, but she assumed he was checking out the twins just like all the other men were.

“All right, single ladies, if you’re ready for your man to put a ring on it, get ready to catch my bouquet,” Shelbi announced from the stage. She traded the microphone for a replica of her bridal bouquet from Zaria and turned around. Shelbi was going to have the real bouquet preserved.

Bria stepped toward the rear of the eager group of single ladies which included teenagers to women older than her. She glanced to her right to see Rasheed raise a questioning eyebrow, followed by a laugh. She’d told him earlier that week she had no intention of catching the bouquet. However, his laugh was a friendly gesture, and she felt better. Maybe he realized what transpired earlier was the result of emotions and tensions brought on from the wedding. Now that it was over, they could go back to their normal way. But could she go back to normal when she could still feel his lips and his tongue penetrating her mouth and his strong hands ravishing her body?

“Here it comes,” Zaria announced when Shelbi tossed the bouquet over her right shoulder.

The women started jumping up and down in front of Bria reaching high for the white roses coming their way. She felt a rush of adrenaline as the bouquet aimed straight for her head. To avoid getting whopped on her forehead and having rose petals everywhere, she reached up to grab it.

“Woo hoo,” the bride shouted. “Now big sis, you have to dance with the gentleman who caught my garter.”

Bria realized she had no idea who had caught it because she hadn’t been present during Justin’s garter toss.

“Who caught it?” she asked, hoping it wasn’t the old sugar daddy on Justin’s side of the family who’d been winking at her.

“I did,” Rasheed whispered in a seductive tone behind her dangling the black lacy garter over her shoulder. Goose bumps crawled along her skin, and she ran her hand down her arm to stop the cold electricity his voice had created.

Her breath stumbled for a second. She glanced up to the stage to see the bride and groom wink at her. Taking a deep breath, she mouthed, “I’m going to get you back,” at the newlyweds before she turned around to face him.

*****

Bria eye-balled Rasheed’s hand like it was a foreign object as he held it out to her.

“You want my arm to fall off?” he said in a low, sexy voice stealing the famous line from the movie Lady Sings the Blues. He tried to remain composed, but all he wanted to do was pick her up and carry her somewhere—anywhere—to kiss her again and again until they were both satisfied.

“You’re no Billie Dee Williams.” She placed her hand in his as he led her to the center of the dance floor.

The DJ began to play Trey Songz’s “Love Faces,” and Rasheed pulled her tight against him. He wanted to unpin her hair, unzip her dress, and have her leave her stilettos on so he could do naughty things to her. The thought caused his penis to wake up and press against his pants.

“You got that right. I’m Rasheed Vincent, the man you’ve been trying to avoid all evening, but now here you are in my arms, again. Maybe it’s fate.”

“Or maybe Mr. and Mrs. Justin Richardson are trying to play matchmaker.”

“Would that be so bad, Bree?”

“Yes, it would. We’re friends. You’re my boy. I love hanging with you, but what happened earlier can’t happen again.”

“Are you sure? Because the way you responded to me with your hands massaging my head, made me think otherwise. If I didn’t have to go take pictures, you would’ve experienced more than just a kiss.” His lips turned upward in a grin. “I know you want all of this chocolate fineness. You can’t deny it. I felt your tongue pulsating in my mouth.”

“Rasheed, I’m being serious,” she said, playfully punching him on the arm. “We’re good friends. Let’s not ruin it. It must’ve been all of the romance, stress, and anxiety people feel before a wedding. We’ve both had a lot of responsibilities as the maid of honor and the best man. Now it’s over, and we can get back to normal.”

Rasheed looked at the seriousness on her face. The last thing he wanted to do was cause Bria to be upset with him. He ran a finger tenderly along her cheek and thought about his life at the present.

He loved his freedom of being able to do what and who he wanted, when he wanted, and definitely how he wanted. At age thirty-three, he ran his life. No woman to answer to and absolutely no commitment except his baby sister, Brooklyn. She was the one person he felt the need to protect and take care of after their parents died a year apart eight years ago. His mother had lost her battle with breast cancer, and his father had followed a year later from a heart attack.

Rasheed could’ve sworn Bria liked him as more than a friend. He knew a woman’s facial expressions and body language like he knew his bank account. He’d dated all kinds of women before, during, and after his days in the NBA. Then again, he’d thought that about his ex-fiancée, Terri. Remembering that reality reminded him of why he would never settle down because he wouldn’t know if a woman loved him for him or for the millions he was worth.

“Rasheed, are you even listening to me?” Bria asked with questioning eyes.

“I’m listening to you. I apologize for upsetting you and making you feel uncomfortable around me. You are truly one of my genuine friends, and I wouldn’t want to jeopardize our friendship. However, I can’t apologize for kissing you, Bria. You tasted so damn good, girl. I’m having a hard time, no pun intended, not kissing you right now.” He shifted a step as he felt his erection harden a little more. What the hell was she doing to him?

She stopped dancing and tapped her finger on his chest.

“But you aren’t going to because you respect our friendship more than anything.”

He sighed and realized she wasn’t going to budge on her decision. "Yes, Bria. I respect you and our friendship.”

As the song ended, Rasheed gave her a hug and proceeded to walk her back to her seat.

“Going to get some champagne for us,” he said as he held out Bria’s chair and made sure she was settled. “Be right back.”

He wasn’t sure if he was telling the truth or not about respecting their friendship. Bria was the kind of woman he could fall in love with if he wanted to fall in love, but he didn’t. He felt comfortable and at ease with her, though. He could be himself around Bria and not have to worry about her wanting anything from him. But then again Terri had given the same impression when he first met her.

Upon his return, Rasheed’s gaze fell on Bria as she watched the bride and groom dance their last dance. He handed her the glass of champagne and stood by her chair.

“Thanks.”

She gave him a beautiful, sincere smile, and his heart stopped for a second. He blinked. What the hell was happening? He had become unraveled over a woman, and it was usually the other way around. But he couldn’t believe that he’d actually kissed Bria. His best friend. His homegirl. Sort of like a baby sister but that kiss wasn’t exactly brotherly nor were his newfound feelings for her that weren’t really new. He’d just suppressed them because he respected and valued their friendship too much. However, his thoughts still lingered on the kiss. He loved the ambrosia taste of her on his lips, her little, curvy body pressed against him and those soft moans that stilled echoed in his ear. He clenched his champagne glass and then downed all of the cool liquid. He placed the glass on the table and sat next to Bria and draped his arm across the back of her chair.

Bria yawned. “I’m so tired.”

“Well, find some more energy because we’re going to Lillian’s at nine tonight with the out-of-town guests, remember?”

“Rasheed, I don’t think I’m up to it. It’s been such a long and busy week. I um … want to go home.”

He was somewhat surprised by her decision considering it had been her idea to show the out-of-town guests a good time and listen to some blues and jazz. What better place than Lillian’s Dinner and Blues Club owned by Justin and himself? She had sent a text message that morning to confirm he’d reserved the VIP section for twenty people, and now?

“Bria, does this have anything to do with what happened before the ceremony?”

She hesitated for a moment and gave a weak smile.

“Of course not. I’m cool. I just need some rest.”

“Are we still on for dinner on Tuesday?”

“Sure, of course.” She stood abruptly and grabbed her clutch purse. “Look, I gotta go help Shelbi prepare to leave. It’s almost seven, and thanks to your wedding gift of a honeymoon, they have a plane to catch to Fiji tonight.”

“Are you sure you aren’t coming? How am I going to party without my best girl? Who’s going to keep the ugly groupies away from me and shake her head yes or no about the model-looking ones?”

“I’m sure you’ll be just fine,” she said with what he sensed was a slight attitude. He was afraid this would happen if they ever crossed the line. “Besides, my twin cousins will be there, and don’t you have a fantasy for twins, again?” And with that she and her attitude strutted away.

The thought of her twin cousins didn’t arouse him anymore. What did arouse him, however, was a fantasy of doing more than just kissing Bria. He wasn’t even surprised. He had realized that when they first met no matter how much he tried to ignore it.

Rasheed chuckled. Could Bria really blame him for kissing her? She was simply gorgeous. Her baby soft bronze skin and those killer legs he wouldn’t mind being wrapped tight around his waist. Oh and how could he resist those pouty kissable lips under her cute, pert nose that would wrinkle whenever she was playfully fed up with him, always had him mesmerized? Bria meant more to him than any woman he could think of outside of his family. Rasheed didn’t want to damage their friendship with a passionate moment, but it wasn’t as if she had refused him either. She’d kissed him back even more aggressively until she jerked away all hot and bothered and left him panting like a wolf in heat.

Moments later the wedding party and the guests waved good-bye to the newlyweds. He spotted Bria standing with her mother and Raven, their arms linked together. They were laughing and crying, with tears running down their cheeks.

It had been a long week, and he needed a moment of calmness. What better way than to kiss a beautiful woman? No. Bria was different. She wasn’t one of the typical gold diggers that blew up his cell phone.

Tonight he wouldn’t be able to lie in his bed and sleep without imagining her hands running over his head or hearing those exasperated moans as he kissed her neck. A lady he’d met last week had texted him earlier about coming over, but she simply wasn’t the one he wanted next to him. He laughed. Apparently, I drank too much champagne. Or at least he hoped that was the case.





Chapter Three



“So how was Shelbi’s wedding and Christmas?” Dr. Taylor Banneker asked. Taylor was a fertility specialist with her own medical practice in Atlanta. They’d been friends since their years at Spelman but attended different medical schools.

Bria readjusted the cell phone between her ear and shoulder while she carried a plate of leftover Christmas dinner brought from her parent’s home in one hand and a glass of iced green tea in the other. She lowered onto the couch before answering her friend’s question.

“It was beautiful and exhausting. I’ll e-mail you some pictures I took when I upload them to my iPad. I’m glad it’s all over with, though. Shelbi turned into a little bridezilla during the last week, if you can believe that.”

It was Tuesday night, and she’d stood Rasheed up on their dinner outing. She’d texted him and said she had an emergency with a patient at Memphis Central Hospital and would be there all night. Instead, she was in her medical scrubs on the couch eating leftover Christmas dinner because she couldn’t cook and Shelbi, who used to live three apartments down before getting married, always cooked for the both of them. Luckily, Bria lived in downtown Memphis in the Central Station building that housed the Amtrak train station. She had easy access to restaurants by taking the trolley or walking. However, afraid she may run into Rasheed, she opted to stay in and eat leftovers.

“Girl, I can. That usually happens. And how are your fine big brothers?”

“Cannon is still the good one. He’s dating but nothing serious. I think he hasn’t gotten over his first love, even though that was over ten years ago. Sean, on the other hand, is still the bad boy playboy and doesn’t plan on stopping.”

Bria thought about Rasheed and his playboy ways. She knew why Sean was a playboy, but she wasn’t sure about Rasheed. He’d been in a long-term relationship when he played basketball, but then the engagement was called off. It had been all over the tabloids and gossip websites that his girlfriend had cheated on him with his basketball rival from college and the NBA. That rumor may have been true, considering she was dating him and pregnant just a few months after leaving Rasheed. It was something he hadn’t mentioned, and Bria refused to ask him.

“Well, I’m taken, but if I wasn’t, I would just flip a coin. It wouldn’t even matter which brother. Both of them are simply dreamy.”

“If you say so. So how is your practice doing? I’m so happy for you.”

“Doing well. You know, Bria, the offer still stands. I’ve interviewed a few allergists, but none of them have your expertise in alternative medicine or your pleasant and upbeat personality when dealing with the patients.”

“Taylor, I’ve told you, I work for the family’s private practice.”

“But do you like practicing just traditional medicine? If you work for me, you can also offer alternative approaches. I know that’s where your heart is.”

Bria sighed and placed her half-eaten dinner on the coffee table. Her parents and all of her siblings owned Arrington Family Specialists. Cannon was a pediatrician and his twin sister, Raven, an obstetrician and gynecologist. Sean, the middle child, was a psychiatrist. Their mother, Darla, was a general doctor and their father, Francis, was a cardiologist and surgeon.

Her father had designed the practice so there were different specialties present. He had even tried to recruit Taylor at one point because she was an endocrinologist specializing in reproduction and infertility, but she had dreams of opening her own practice and had done so a year ago. Francis was happy that Shelbi had decided to make that her concentration during her upcoming residency.

“It’s not that easy. My dad wouldn’t be pleased at all.” Bria grabbed the plate and headed to the kitchen. She raked the food out into the sink and turned on the garbage disposal.

“What are you doing for your vacation coming up after New Year’s?”

“Haven’t decided yet,” Bria answered, glad for the change of conversation. As much as she would love to be able to include a naturopathic approach for her patients, she felt obligated to her family’s practice and was hoping to convince her father to let her incorporate it there freely instead of behind his back like she’d been doing. “I was thinking about going somewhere warm like south Florida. It’s so cold here in Memphis.”

“Why don’t you come here and check out my wellness center? You’ve been promising me for almost a year.”

“That sounds like a great idea, but I’m not making you any promises about joining your team.” Bria opened the refrigerator to see if she had enough cheese for a grilled cheese sandwich. She frowned. She had enough cheese but no butter.

“I understand,” Taylor said with a laugh. “So, dating anyone special?”

“Ha! Girl, no. I haven’t even thought about dating lately.” Okay, not entirely true. She’d been thinking about dating ever since she met Rasheed, but it just wouldn’t work between them even though he did kiss better than anyone else before him.

“Well, the men here are hot, handsome, and rich. As pretty as you are, you’ll have men chasing you all over Atlanta.”

“Girl, you’re so crazy! But I may need to find someone and fast. I’m getting tired of the drought.” Bria walked back into the living room and plopped down on the couch.

“When was the last time you got you some?”

“Little over a year,” she sighed.

“Damn, that long? I can barely go two days. Why so long?”

“Well, after that jerk got some chick pregnant a few months before our wedding and had the audacity to still want to get married, I needed a break from sex or anything serious. Besides, I have a three-month rule.”

“I just thought by now you would’ve given some water to the drought. I thought you were at least dating.”

“I’ve been on dates, but no one has made it to three months. I’d rather be in a serious, monogamous relationship before giving up the goodies. Even though sometimes I wish I had a sex buddy, but I just laugh it off. It’s a crazy idea anyway, even though I’ve had sex buddies before.”

“What about that fine Rasheed Vincent? I still don’t see how you two are just friends. He looks like he can handle himself in the bedroom or wherever you wanted him to handle it. Brotha is fine!”

Rasheed? He would be the last person she’d want to be sex buddies with. Just her luck she’d fall harder for him than she already had, and then he would bounce like he always does. No … not him. Anybody but him.

“Yes, he is definitely a fine piece of chocolate, but he would be the last person I would even consider.”

“Uh huh. So in other words, you want him.”

“I didn’t say that. I just um …”

“Want him. You said when you first met, he was flirting with you, and you shut that way down. I’m not saying marry the guy; just get you some with no strings attached, unless you’re into that kind of thing.”

She pondered Taylor’s no strings attached advice, even though for some reason Bria could imagine Rasheed tying her up and intoxicating her with kisses all over until he drove her up a wall. Maybe Rasheed as a sex buddy wouldn’t be such a bad idea after all. He was definitely a playboy who had no interests in settling down. Even though she wanted to get married eventually, her main concern at present was making a wise decision about her career.

Taylor was right. It was time to give some water to the drought, but was Rasheed the right man for the job? Wait, of course he was. She could only imagine how great he was in bed. The thought sent a quiver through her. She couldn’t believe she was actually pondering such a thing and with him of all people. She shook her ridiculous thoughts away.

“Taylor, right now my main concern is …” Bria stopped as a thunderous bang started on the door, followed by the doorbell ringing as if it were a fire alarm. Then she heard her name in a loud, deep voice that belonged to the last person she wanted to see.

“Bria Arrington, I know you’re in there,” Rasheed shouted.

Great!

The song “Funeral March” by Chopin played in her head. The dark piano chords reverberated with each beat of her heart.

“Taylor, I have to go,” she said, walking toward the door, as the song in her head got louder with each step. “I’ll call you when I know for sure I’m coming to Atlanta.”

Bria placed the cell phone on the foyer table and opened the door. There Rasheed stood tall, mad, and exquisite in an all-black-everything ensemble with a turtleneck sweater, slacks, and a double-breasted pea coat. The only non-black item was the beige-plaid Burberry scarf she’d given him for Christmas. His diamond earring sparkled in his left ear, and he smelled like he’d just stepped out of the shower—her favorite scent on a man. In his hand, he held a take-out bag from Lillian’s. On his face, he wore a scowl expression. Even though it was kind of sexy, she knew he was upset with her.

He walked in quietly and closed the door. He gave her a scathing look and handed her the bag.

“I thought you had an emergency at the hospital, Dr. Arrington.”

Rasheed’s sarcastic tone made her turn on her heel, whisper a quick, “oh no,” and walk toward the living room. She knew when he was angry but because she had never personally felt his anger before, she was at a loss for words and didn’t have an appetite for whatever tasty dish he brought her from Lillian’s. Usually, the always hungry and ready-to-eat Bria would’ve ripped open the bag and begun to devour the meal. She could sense his eyes on the back of her neck as he strolled behind her, each hard click of his shoes on the hardwood scared her, and she wasn’t sure why.

No, she knew why. She was vulnerable and horny, and he had the audacity to show up mad, fine as hell, and smelling good enough to eat. Of course, it wasn’t anything new. She’d been attracted to his charm and sexiness since day one, which was why she avoided her feelings for him. But his deep, provocative kiss still lingered on her lips and clouded her head. It had awakened in her a desire of wanting him so bad she was scared she would jump him any minute to extinguish the lust and yearning burning through her.

She set the bag on the coffee table and then resumed her position on the couch. He took off his jacket and flung it over a chair but left the scarf around his neck. He glanced at her before he wandered to the kitchen.

“Rasheed?” She looked over the back of the couch to see what he was doing.

“What?”

“I … um …” There was a short pause. “See, what had happened was …”

“Don’t try to lie.” He returned from the kitchen with a bottle of beer. She always kept his favorite beer stocked in the refrigerator. He sat down on the opposite end of the couch and settled his questioning eyes on her face. He glanced at her pink scrubs and gave a half-cocky smile. “I went by the hospital to bring you something to eat. I know with Shelbi gone and since you don’t cook, I thought you might be hungry, and I wanted to take you out tonight. I wanted to make sure my friend ate more than just cereal and sandwiches for dinner.”

“Rasheed …”

“But you know what, Bree, when I got to the hospital, you weren’t there. I ran into Raven who had just delivered a baby. She said you left the practice at your regular time.”

Bria sat silent for a moment trying to think of a good lie to tell him. She sighed. She didn’t know how to lie to Rasheed.

She answered in a soft tone, looking straight ahead out the window at the Arcade Restaurant sign across the street. “I was scared to go to dinner with you.”

“Why were you scared?” He stood, blocking her view of the window so that now she had to look at him. “We go to dinner all the time.”

“Rasheed …” she turned her head away from him and ran a nervous hand through her hair.

“You keep saying my name, but you aren’t explaining anything.”

What was there to explain? She couldn’t possibly tell the player of the year that his intoxicating kiss was keeping her up at night reliving every second of it. She’d tried to imagine how his lips would feel on other places while his hands traveled along her legs to her thighs and in between. How could she explain that she had lain in the bed last night pretending her hands were his hands roaming her body until they reached her panties? She gave herself an orgasm so powerful that she called out his name three times before falling asleep completely satisfied.

“We shouldn’t have kissed, Rasheed,” she said with a tremble in her voice.

“Are we on that again?” he asked in an annoyed toned. “Is that why you’ve been avoiding me? I thought you said we were cool.”

“Well, I thought so, too. I just didn’t want any awkwardness between us so I figured we needed … no, I needed a few days or so, that’s all.”

He sat down in the chair where he’d tossed his coat and exhaled a deep sigh. An expression of discontent crossed his handsome face, and he ran his hands down it which washed the expression away and turned it into a serious one.

“Bria, you said you didn’t want to start anything between us when we were dancing at the reception, despite the fact that wasn’t a friendly kissed we shared.”

“But we’re friends and friends—”

“Yeah, yeah, I know,” he said sarcastically. “Friends don’t get all hot and bothered for each other.” He rolled his eyes and shook his head.

“I’m being serious.”

His chocolate eyes probed hers, and a gloomy expression crossed his features.

“Bria … I … never mind.” There was a look of sorrow on his face and his voice held regret.

He was silent for a moment, deep in thought, and then stood. She froze and held her breath as he walked toward her. She thought he was about to kiss her again. Instead, he sat down next to her on the couch. He reached over and caressed her hand, sending electric volts through her. He’d done something similar a million times before, but now the slightest touch from him was intoxicating. Doesn’t he realize what he’s doing to mef?

“Okay, truce. I won’t mention the kiss again if you promise to come to me and discuss what’s on your mind, even if I’m the one that’s on your mind. Understand?”

She nodded quickly because if she said what she was really thinking, they’d be doing more than kissing, and she needed to get a grip.

“I see your scarf arrived.” She backed one cushion away from him on the couch. He was too close for comfort. His commanding presence and invigorating scent were causing warm sensations between her thighs just like last night.

A warm, sexy smile stretched across his face. “Yep, it arrived a few days before the wedding, but I didn’t open it until Christmas morning.” He looked down at it and smiled. “The first gift I opened. I tried calling you, but your cell was off.”

“The battery had died,” she lied, and by the way he raised his eyebrow with a questioning look, he knew she was.

“It would’ve been better to actually hear your voice on Christmas morning, but thank you for the scarf. I love it. It’s definitely me.”

“I’m glad you like it. It’s hard to shop for a man who has everything he needs and wants.”

“I don’t have everything I need or want, but it’s all good, you know?” His expression was solemn. He cleared his throat before continuing. “I have something for you as well. I wanted to bring it to you on Christmas, but you were incognito.”

He reached over to the coffee table and pulled out a small blue Tiffany’s bag from the Lillian’s bag and handed it to her.

She opened it and then proceeded to open the small blue box inside. To her astonishment, it was a heart-shaped key pendant necklace. She pulled it out and held it up, admiring the elegant necklace.

“This is simply beautiful, Rasheed. Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. When I saw it, I immediately thought of you. Cute and classy. Now, don’t go telling any of my boys I said the words cute and classy, but that’s what I see when I look at you.”

Bria’s heart skipped a beat or five at his words. He had always paid compliments to her before, but that stupid kiss had changed things between them—or least it had for her. He was a man who wasn’t fazed by a simple kiss. He was acting as if it hadn’t happened, which was good in a way.

“Let me put it on you,” Rasheed whispered with a glimmer in his eye and slid closer to her on the couch.

She blinked, and her heart started beating faster. “What did you say?”

“I’ll put the necklace on for you.” Gone was the seductive tone from his voice. Maybe she’d imagined it. Her thoughts of having sex with Rasheed were clouding her head.

“Oh.”

She gave him the necklace and sat with her back towards him. He scooted up closer and she rested her arm on his knee and tried to concentrate on breathing, but the air was clogged with the stimulating scent of his cologne. She lifted her hair up as he slipped the necklace over her head to fasten it. She felt his fingers brush the back of her neck which sent more warm sensations through her. It seemed as if he lingered longer than necessary, but she knew she was imaging that only because she wanted him to.

He cleared his throat and let out a sigh.

“Um … it’s clasped now.”

She looked down and admired the heart-shaped key dangling down to the top of her chest. She turned around, and her face was a few mere inches from his.

She had seen his face plenty of times, but being in such close proximity of it had her tilting her head to the side and really study his captivating features. His shiny, bald head was always perfectly shaven, and his smooth forehead set a backdrop for his dark eyebrows that had risen slightly as she stared at him. Underneath were his chocolate eyes, followed by more smoothness of his strong jaws and his sexy mouth that held his creative tongue which had drawn on her neck like an artist. Above his lips, sat a neatly trimmed mustache, but he’d shaven off the goatee, and she had never noticed the cleft in his square chin before.

Bria placed her hand on his chest to steady herself, but feeling the rock hardness of him shook her to the core. She was at a loss for words as she stared at his chiseled face and waited to see what on earth he was going to do or say. He was eyeing her with a weird expression. He licked his lips as if he were a hungry tiger ready to pounce on the poor, helpless bunny rabbit, which caused Bria to suck in her breath and turn her attention back to the necklace.

“It looks beautiful on you, Bree,” he said in a deep, husky voice as he cleared his throat again.

“Thank you.” She stood and walked to the mirror in the foyer to admire the necklace even though she really needed to escape. Being so close to him made her want to experience a repeat of the kiss and maybe even more.

“Are you coming down with a cold?” she asked, walking back into the living room. She decided to sit in the chair to avoid being near him on the couch. “You keep clearing your throat. I have some Echinacea tea and some vitamin C. Knock it right out.”

“Huh? Nah, girl. I’m good.” He picked up the television remote and aimed it toward the flat screen.

They sat in sat an uncomfortable silence. He continued to flip the channels while she sat staring straight ahead to avoid looking at him. She wasn’t sure if everything was fine or not between them. He was hard to read sometimes.

“So, how’s Brooklyn?” she asked with the intent to end the awkward moment that had transpired for her. He loved talking about his baby sister, and his eyes lit up when Bria asked the question.

“She’s good. I’m glad she’s finished with her master’s degree. She’s in the process of moving out of her dorm room into the apartment above Lillian’s. Justin is letting her stay rent free for a year.”

“Cool. Does she have any jobs lined up?”

“Actually she does, but she hasn’t accepted anything yet.”

“She e-mailed me the pictures she took at the wedding, and they’re so professional. Shelbi has asked her to make a separate photo album of her candid shots for the members of the wedding party. If Shelbi had known, she would’ve hired Brooklyn to be the photographer.”

“I think it’s more of a hobby, but I saw the pictures as well. They looked professional, but then again, she’s a Vincent. We don’t half step in anything, as you very well know.”

He gave her a knowing wink which sent a shiver of desire through her veins as she remembered his tongue deeply penetrating her mouth. She blinked to get rid of the haziness that swept over her and proceeded to open the to-go box on the coffee table. She let her hair fall forward to hide her face from his view. One of her favorites from Lillian’s, beef short ribs and polenta with sautéed asparagus, sat in her box. He opted for grilled salmon, honey-cider collard greens, and roasted new potatoes.

She grabbed a beer for him, a glass of red wine for herself and some silverware from the kitchen. They settled on her couch in front of her flat screen to watch a basketball game like they normally would, but Bria could still feel the tension in the air, or maybe it was just her.

“I have some life changing news to share with you, Bree.” He took a swig of his beer.

“What? You finally found someone to change your playboy ways?”

“Ha! Very funny, girl. No. That will never happen. I just sold my share of Lillian’s to Derek today,” he said with a wide grin on his face, showcasing all of his pearly whites.

Even though Bria had heard his last sentence, her mind was still wrapped around the one before. That will never happen. She asked that question often in a joking manner, and he always responded in the negative, but now she felt a little different about it. She was somewhat hurt, but she had no reason to be.

She looked at him as he grinned ear-to-ear about his life-changing situation. He had mentioned selling his stake in the restaurant before, but she wasn’t sure if he would actually do so.

“Congratulations.”

“Thank you. I have to admit it was a tough decision, but Lillian’s Dinner and Blues Club was Justin’s brainchild and dream, not mine. I was only invested in the restaurant to help Justin out a few years ago. He’s doing well, and it’s time to give Derek a piece of the pie. However, I’m really going to miss chitchatting with the customers—”

“—female customers …” she added.

“Damn, Bree. I hadn’t thought about that. Mmm … well. Derek is quite happy because now he’s an investor in the business. Justin is still the majority owner, but they have ideas of opening another restaurant, and you know Derek is good at that sort of thing. So, I’m moving on to another opportunity.”

“Another endorsement deal? How many do you have?”

“Six or seven, but Sports Fanatic offered me a chance to be a part-time basketball analyst.”

“Rasheed, that’s wonderful!” She stood and gave him a high five. That was their favorite show to watch together. “When do you start? What time will your segment air? Will you be going to the games? Wait, how are we going to watch it together if you’re on it, damn it?”

“Slow down, little red corvette,” he said as he laughed. “I don’t know all of the details yet. My manager called me yesterday with the offer. They want me to guest co-host for the next few months at their studio in Atlanta and do some traveling as well. I’ll be discussing college and NBA games like Barkley and Magic.”

“Atlanta?” she repeated, a little sad.

She had gotten used to seeing him at least three times a week. They had a routine, even though she broke it tonight by standing him up for dinner, but they had strained their friendship by kissing. Maybe it was best he moved to Atlanta, and she could get back to her life before the kiss, before she crossed the line and now didn’t know how to look her friend in the eyes without fumbling over her words.

“Yes, Atlanta, which is perfect. I bought a mansion there a few years back that I’ve never even lived in. I was going to sell it, but I ended up renting it out to another basketball player that played for the Hawks. He got traded to another team a few months ago, so I’ll stay there. It’s a nice place with seven bedrooms, eight bathrooms, home theater, game room, indoor and outdoor basketball court, plus a swimming pool.”

“I thought you had a condo there.”

“I do, but that’s where I take the honeys, or I go to their place. They have no business at my mansion. They start getting ideas and what not.”

Bria felt another cringe in her heart but put on a smile anyway.

“Well, that’s great. I may be going to Atlanta after New Year’s, so we’ll have to hook up while I’m in town.” Great. Wrong choice of words that just added more to the white elephant in the room.

He raised an eyebrow along with a flirty smirk. “Oh really? Why are you going to Atlanta all of a sudden? I thought you were going to south Florida to get some sun on your vacation.”

“I was, but I spoke to my friend Taylor earlier who runs a practice there where the doctors combine traditional and alternative medicine. You know my dad won’t let me do so freely, and I really want to. I told Taylor I would check it out. She’s offered me a position but …”

“But what? Isn’t that what you want to do? It’s all you talk about.”

“I know, but I would prefer to stay in Memphis and incorporate alternative medicine at the family practice, but my dad isn’t in agreement. However, sometimes I mention things to my patients that could help. For the past few months, I’ve been doing acupuncture treatments for one of Raven’s patients, but Daddy doesn’t know. The acupuncture really is helping her, though.”

“Ouch. Doesn’t that hurt?”

“For the last time, it doesn’t hurt. It’s quite relaxing. You should try it. I can do it for you.”

As she reached out to pinch him on the leg, he bounded off of the couch and plopped down in the opposite chair. Bria learned to do acupuncture while studying abroad in China for a semester after she graduated from medical school. It was there she found a passion for alternative medicine.

“Okay, fine. I’ve been through knee surgery, so I guess having a few little needles in me isn’t going to hurt.”

“Perfect. The practice will be closed on New Year’s Eve, but I have some last minute paperwork to finish up before my vacation, so I’ve planned to work at the practice all day. It’s so peaceful when no one else is there. Just stop by sometime that day.”

“Sounds good, but let’s get back to your dilemma. You need to tell Dr. Daddy how you feel. Be brave. Stand up to the man. You’re intelligent and know more than he realizes about that field. Make him listen to you. Man up, woman.”

Bria laughed and felt somewhat better about their situation. Maybe they really could get past the kiss and continue their friendship without any tension. She grabbed his empty beer bottle and to-go boxes and headed toward the kitchen.

“You want another beer?” she called out to him, placing the contents in her hand in the trash.

She turned to see him in the kitchen doorway, wearing his pea coat and his keys in his hand.

“No. I gotta go help Brooklyn finish moving her things from her dorm room.”

He turned on his heel, and she followed him in silence as they walked to the front door. He always gave her a hug before leaving. Her heart was beating so loud, she was scared he could hear it.

“Drive safely.” She reached to open the door, but he grabbed her, pulling her close to him. He rested his chin on top of her head and held his hands around her waist.

He was silent for a moment, but she could feel his heart beating against the palm of her hand. She rested her forehead on his chest and waited impatiently to see what he was going to say. As a doctor, she knew his heart was beating faster than normal. It felt and sounded like anticipation or nervous beats.

“You do realize that I’m trying my damndest not to kiss you again.” His voice was deep and laced with sexual tension.

She wanted him so bad, she felt herself falling into his web of seduction. She shuddered at the thought of his lips on hers, her neck, and then inching down to her nipples that had hardened at his words. And then she felt something hard against her, and she knew he was serious as a heart attack.

She tried to push him away before she let him devour her with kisses and did something crazy like run her hands down his body to feel his erection, but his chest was like a brick wall, and he wasn’t budging.

“Rasheed … I …” she started, but she couldn’t get the words out. There was a frog stuck in her throat.

“Don’t worry. I won’t break our truce, but I couldn’t leave here without you knowing how I felt.” He kissed her forehead, released her from his warm embrace, and left.

She locked the door and rested her forehead against it and her hands palming it like she’d done on Rasheed’s chest. She sighed and turned to walk back into the living room but her cell phone beeped from the foyer table. It was a text message from Rasheed.

Don’t forget what I said. Talk to your father.

She smiled. Even in the midst of the awkward situation they created, he was still a concerned friend.

Rasheed was right. She needed to just tell her father about her passion for alternative medicine. Even though at the present, the only passion she could think about was the one she felt for the last man she should be falling for.





Chapter Four



Rasheed took a deep guzzle of his water as he watched the two teams of middle school boys in a practice scrimmage. Once a week during the school year, he taught a basketball clinic for the boys from his summer basketball camp at the community center in his childhood neighborhood of Frayser, a suburb of Memphis. Even though it was the students’ winter break, he decided to do a clinic before he went to Atlanta. During his first year in the NBA, he had the gym remodeled and the center named it the Rasheed Vincent Athletic Gymnasium.

He walked out to the middle of the court and blew his whistle after the winning team made the final shot. The boys headed over and made a circle around him. Some of the boys sat while others stood. He briefly explained that he wouldn’t be doing the basketball clinic next month and that another coach would be taking his place. The boys had responded with “aw mans.”

After he dismissed them, Rasheed sat on the bleachers deep in thought about Bria. His mind couldn’t shake thoughts of her no matter what. Even during the scrimmage, he could only think about the last time he and Bria played one-on-one basketball at his house. She had on a pair of pink shorts and a green T-shirt that accentuated her perky breasts. When she got hot, she took off her T-shirt to reveal a sports bra and a sexy six pack of abs. When she went up for a rebound, Rasheed caught her around her tiny waist to stop her. Her warm skin shocked his hands so bad, he’d thrown her over his shoulder, sat her in the middle of the court and then ran back to the basket to break their tie. But it was really to run off, was what he didn’t want to admit. He had a love jones for his little brown sugar friend, but he didn’t want to cross that line.

Rasheed smiled as he thought about how adorable she’d looked sitting on the court huffing and puffing at him. Her hair had been in a curly ponytail and the fine hairs were dampened on her face from sweat. She’d taken off her tennis shoes and thrown them at him as she laughed and cursed him out at the same time. They’d had great times over the past few months, and he didn’t want to ruin it, but he would do anything to kiss her again.

“What are you so deep in thought about?”

Rasheed looked up and noticed Derek standing in front of him wearing a dark blue suit and a powder blue dress shirt. He sat next to Rasheed on the bleachers, took off his suit coat, and tossed it on the row in front of them.

“Hey, man, didn’t realize you were here.” The men gave each other a hand shake followed by a fist pound.

“I can tell by the way you’re gazing off into space.” Derek laughed and tilted his head toward the ceiling with a mocking smile and laughed again.

“I’m a man,” Rasheed said with extra bass in his voice. “I don’t gaze off into space. I have some things on my mind.”

“Apparently. So how was the scrimmage?”

Rasheed nodded. “It was fine. I see a few future NBA stars if they continue to practice and stay motivated. How was your workshop?”

Rasheed and his best friends, Derek and Justin, volunteered every week at the community center in the neighborhood where they grew up together. Derek did business and finance workshops for adults, and Justin taught a cooking class to high school seniors who aspired to be chefs.

“A good turnout. But seriously, man. What’s eating you? You’ve been off lately.”

Rasheed sighed and shook his head. “I did something I regret. Or I think I regret. Not sure.”

“What’s her name?”

“Bria Arrington.”

Derek looked taken aback. “Bria? Naw, man. Please tell me you didn’t sleep with her.”

“Nope.” Not that he didn’t want to. In fact, he wanted to do so last night. The way her breasts had been pressed against his chest, her signature scent taking over his air, and the uncontrollable desire growing in his groin, caused him to rush from her apartment before he seduced her right against the door.

“We kissed in the dressing room, right before the wedding.”

“Well, damn. I could tell there was something in the air when she walked in with the boutonnières. Your eyes and tongue were hanging out like a thirsty bloodhound.”

“Not funny. Anyway, she’s been uneasy around me ever since. But …” he stopped as two college-aged women strutted into the gymnasium giggling like two high school girls. They strode over in their University of Memphis sweatshirts and skinny jeans. Usually, Rasheed would’ve taken out his cell phone to get a picture of the red-boned one who was giving him major eye contact as if she would drop her panties right there on the gym floor. However, he wasn’t turned on by her at all. Sure, she was wearing the hell out of those jeans, but she was no Bria Arrington.

“Excuse me,” the red-boned one started, “but aren’t you Rasheed Vincent?” She flipped her long bang over the top of her hair and ran her fingers through it.

“Yes, I am, pretty little lady. What can I do you for?”

“I would love to have your autograph.”

“No problem.”

The girl reached into her book bag and pulled out a notebook with a red pen. Rasheed signed his name in her notebook as well as the one in her quiet friend’s hand. The red-boned one then took the pen and wrote her name and number on his palm.

“Call me,” she said in a sexy tone as she strutted away, giggling with her friend.

Rasheed looked at the red print on the inside of his palm, took a white hand towel from his gym bag, splashed water on it from his sports bottle and scrubbed the ink from his hand.

“I guess you aren’t going to call her.”

“No. I’m not. She’s the type of girl who’s only interested in me because of who I am and how much money I have. After the way Terri up and left, I’ve made a point to just have fun with the ladies. No strings attached. No commitment, which has worked so far, that is until I kissed Bria. But then I remind myself about what happened with Terri.”

Rasheed’s ex-fiancée, Terri, had been The One, or so he’d thought. He’d met her at the beginning of his fourth season. He’d accompanied Brooklyn to a bookstore one Saturday. He sat in the coffee shop area as Brooklyn, who was a senior in high school at the time, met with a study group. He noticed a very beautiful woman with long wavy hair and a sienna complexion, sipping a latte and reading a book on Art History. When he approached her, she claimed she didn’t know who he was. He thought that was odd considering he had commercials all over the airways, including his athletic shoes—His Majesty RV Kicks—an energy drink, and even a pizza commercial. Most of all, he was a famous starting shooting guard who led his team to two championships and was being compared to Dr. J., Kareem, and his idol Michael Jordan.

However, Rasheed felt a breath of fresh air that Terri didn’t know who he was and didn’t seemed fazed by his celebrity status like all of the groupies who constantly flung themselves at him looking for a free meal ticket for the next eighteen years. But he’d learned from his predecessors and peers to always come prepared with protection. He didn’t want to have baby mamas all over the place.

He’d been slammed with paternity suits over the course of his basketball career and beyond, but he always laughed and took the paternity tests anyway just to prove those gold digging girls wrong. He wanted a family like his parents. No turkey basting was going on, and he made sure by jumping up afterwards and personally flushing the condom himself.

He spent three years in a monogamous relationship with Terri and had decided to propose before the beginning of his seventh season. During the tenth game, after shooting the winning basket, he came down hard on his right knee and tore his ACL. After surgery and an extensive recovery, his doctor said he could play again, but it would be risky, so Rasheed opted not to. He decided his health and well-being were more important. As he told Terri of his plans, she became irate and demanded that he continue to play. He told her no and held a press conference to announce his retirement from the game of basketball.

A month later, Terri moved out, but not before telling him she never loved him and only wanted the money and the status of being married to a basketball player. Six months later, she was engaged and pregnant by Rasheed’s rival. That had been five years ago, and Terri was on her third pregnancy, but no wedding. Rasheed went back to college to finish his last two years and also earned a master’s degree in business.

“Derek, if I didn’t have millions in the bank, these women wouldn’t even be checking for me.” He stroked his chin and pondered for a moment. “No. Wait. That’s not true. I’m a good-looking brother, so they’d be me hounding regardless, but having money and fame just enhances it.”

Derek laughed. “You’re so modest, Rasheed.”

“Thank you.” Rasheed stood and grabbed a basketball from his gym bag. “I’m going to shoot some free throws. Stand under the basket and toss the ball back to me.”

The guys walked out to the court. Rasheed dribbled and did a layup shot before running to the free throw line and making another basket.

“But seriously,” Rasheed started as Derek threw the ball back and Rasheed dribbled it. “Let’s think about this. You’re a half-way decent brother. You got the dreads, boyish charm, tall and what not, but those two chicks that just left didn’t even look your way. They don’t know you got your own thing going. Hell, you’re wearing a nice suit and not one of those two for one-hundred dollars deals down at the swap meet. Me, I’m in sweats, but when they see me, they see more than my handsome face and dashing smile. They see my fame, maybe a reality show, my money, and everything they think I’m going to buy them.”

“There you go being modest again.”

“Man, you know I’m joking, well sort of. But on a serious note, I’m grateful and humbled for my blessings. I just want a woman to look beyond the fact that I’m a celebrity and see what a great guy I am.” Rasheed tossed the ball, missed, cursed, and tried again, this time making the basket.

“Damn, man. I’ve never heard you speak like this before. Bria got you doing a lot of thinking. When did this happen?”

“When I first kissed her. It seemed like the most natural thing to do with her. Like that had been missing from our relationship, and now I can’t go back to normal, even though she wants to forget it even happened.” Then it dawned on him that all of the times they spent together, conversations, hugs, and playful arguments, were actually just a front for the attraction he felt for her.

“You got it bad, man. I don’t remember you being this hung up on Terri, even though I was somewhat surprised you didn’t have women hanging from you when you were together.”

“You know, I was completely faithful to Terri. I never cheated on her no matter how much ass was thrown at me, and trust me, more was thrown at me than the number of baskets I made during my career. True, I did look and flirt. Now, I can do whatever and whoever, but it’s not fun anymore. I’m bored with those ding bat gold diggers. They never want to have a conversation about anything intelligent. This one chick had the audacity to ask me what the big hoopla was about the national deficit and why can’t the government just make more money at the Federal Reserve and pay off the country’s debts. Really? That’s the nonsense I have to hear. That’s why I just hit it and keep it moving. That’s the story of my life.” Rasheed dribbled the ball in a circle and then dribbled with it toward the other basket, shot a three-pointer, rebounded it, ran back to other end, and stopped at the free throw line and shot another basket.

Derek threw the ball back to him. “Bria isn’t like that.”

“I know. When I’m with her, I’m just me. I don’t have to impress her. I feel at home and at peace with my girl. We have fun. We talk about world issues, politics, and medical stuff. She’s so intelligent and a breath of fresh air to be around. She’s athletic and doesn’t complain about how she can’t break a sweat because she just got her hair done. She doesn’t get mad if she breaks a nail. She’s had the same Lexus SUV since medical school that her parents gave her and said she’s going to drive it until the wheels fall off. Hell, I bought Terri a brand new car every year we were together. Three cars!”

The men called it quits when the next group arrived to use the gym. They grabbed their things from the bleachers and headed out toward the parking lot while Rasheed stopped to sign a few autographs along the way.

“I meant to ask you earlier,” Derek said as he leaned on his black BMW. “How do you feel about Terri doing the reality show about the ex-athletes wives or something like that?”

“First of all, none of those women were ever wives, including Terri. She’s on basketball player number two, with three kids and no ring. I filed a motion for her not to mention my name on the show unless she wants to get sued and give back her parting gift that I gave her. The one I’m sure she has blown through on purses, shoes, and hair extensions.”

Derek opened his car door and tossed his jacket inside. “You do realize everyone in the world knows you were engaged to her. You weren’t exactly a bench warmer unlike her new baller that no one has heard of except to say that he has your leftovers.”

“True, but I don’t want any part of it.”

In his pocket, his cell phone rang “There Goes My Baby” by Usher. He smiled.

“Must be Bria.”

“Yep.”Rasheed pushed the unlock button on his key. His Bentley beeped three cars down.

“Interesting song choice,” Derek said sliding into the driver’s seat and closing the door. He waved and sped off.

Rasheed answered the call.

“What’s up, girl?”

“I think I’m going to be sick.”

“What?” He felt his adrenaline rise. “Baby, what do you need? What can I do?”

“Calm down. Not that kind of sick. I think I’m going to tell my family about my trip to Atlanta and the real reason why I’m going.”

“Girl, you scared me.” He started the car and headed toward his house in Midtown Memphis. “I was about to speed to you and rush you to the hospital. When are you going to tell them?”

“This afternoon during our weekly staff meeting. So I might as well face the music and then skip town so they can’t harass me.”

“Bree, you know what I admire about you the most? You’re a strong, independent, self-confident woman who is very focused on her career and goals. Alternative medicine is a passion of yours, so I say go in that meeting, look Dr. Daddy in the eye, and tell him how you feel. Be honest with the man. You never know. He may agree with you.”

She sighed and a tapping sound was in the background. He grinned. She always tapped her fingernail when she was in contemplation mode.

“All right. I will. Are we still on for bowling tonight? I may need to knock down a few pins to relieve some stress after this meeting.”

“Yep, and a few is all you’ll be knocking down since I win every time.”

“Whatever. I gotta go see a patient. Pray for me.”

“I always do.”

*****

“So, what else is on the agenda for today?” Cannon asked as he presided over the Arrington Family Specialists’ weekly staff meeting in the practice’s conference room.

Bria had sat numbly in her chair during the majority of the meeting while her siblings and parents discussed their latest patients’ issues and the doctors consulted and brainstormed with each other for positive solutions.

She glanced up from her doodling of stars and crescent moons on her notepad to find her brother Cannon staring at her with a curious expression.

“Bria, you haven’t said anything during the meeting. Is there something you need to discuss?”

She’d contemplated all day whether or not to mention her trip to Atlanta in a few days. The trip wouldn’t be a problem, but where she was going while there could be.

“Bria’s probably just excited about her one month vacation coming up,” her mother interjected, patting Bria’s hand. “She’s worked here for a year now and definitely deserves the break.”

She smiled at her mother’s comforting gesture. Her mother knew when she was quiet— which was rare, for Bria always had something to say—meant she was deep in thought over a matter of importance.

“Yes, Mother I’m excited about my vacation. I’m leaving for Atlanta the day after New years.” There, I said it. Well, not all of it.

“Atlanta, dear? I thought you were going to south Florida to get some sun.”

“Nope. I need to take care of some business.”

“Business?” her father asked. “What kind of business would you have there?”

She hesitated for a moment. She wasn’t expecting her father to question her in a harsh tone. He was usually in a pleasant mood. She cleared her throat and avoided eye contact with him.

“Well, you all remember my friend and mentor, Dr. Taylor Banneker. I haven’t seen her in ages, so I’m going to hang with her for the month, visit with the twins, and check out Taylor’s practice.”

“What kind of practice is it, dear?” her mother asked.

“Oh, it’s a women’s wellness center. There’s a dermatologist, an ObGyn, a dietician, and of course Taylor is a fertility specialist. The doctors there incorporate naturopathic approaches if necessary,” she said, still avoiding eye contact with her father and only looking at her mother. “So, I’m going to go check it out.”

Raven coughed and Sean simply whistled the Andy Griffith theme song quietly.

“Bria.” Her father cleared his throat as he placed his glasses on his salt and peppered hair. “While I’m proud that you have an interest in naturopathic approaches and you’ve even gone as far as becoming certified in some areas of that field, we don’t offer that here, so I fail to understand how going to Dr. Banneker’s wellness center will give you any ideas that you can bring back and incorporate, young lady.”

Bria hesitated to answer him as she looked around the conference table. Her father sat at the head of the table, with Sean and Raven flanked on either side of him. The three nurses sat on the side where Sean was and across from them were the receptionist and two medical assistants who looked as if they couldn’t wait for Bria to spill the tea so they could gossip about it later. Her mother, who sat at the opposite end of the table to her father, looked back and forth between Bria and her husband, while continuing to hold Bria’s hand. She sat to her mother’s left with Cannon sitting directly in front of her.

All eyes were on her except for Sean whose face held a serious expression as he typed something on his iPad. Probably trying to analyze me as always. Taking a deep breath, she remembered the pep talk Rasheed gave her that morning. She squeezed her mother’s hand for support as she answered her father in a professional tone and this time, gave him full eye contact.

“Well, Father, Taylor has an opening for an allergist with all of my qualifications and certifications which would allow me to still practice traditional medicine but incorporate alternative medicine as well.”

Dr. Francis Arrington stood and stared at Bria so hard she thought surely she would explode right there in her chair.

“Everybody out!”





Chapter Five



“Francis, go easy on her, dear,” Darla pleaded. She was the last person still left in the conference room. She placed a hand on her husband’s shoulder and gave Bria a comforting smile before leaving. Sean barged back in and grabbed his iPad from the table.

“Dad, I feel it is my duty to stay and take notes on this very crucial situation. As a psychiatrist, I may be able to figure out why your second youngest child is rebelling similar to how Shelbi was rebelling against you when she decided to become a food critic, forget all about starting her residency and flushing all of your money you paid for medical school down the toilet. Luckily, she came to her senses after I spoke to her, but this situation is different. I feel I can help you in this matter, Dr. Francis.” Sean used the name the siblings and staff called their father at the practice. Because there were seven Dr. Arrington’s, they used their first names with doctor added in front to not cause confusion amongst each other or the patients and staff.

“Son, what were you typing on your iPad earlier before I kicked everyone out?”

Sean gave a smirk and glanced at the tablet in his hands.

“All the names, the ones I remember, of the models I dated this year.”

“Sean, get out,” Bria said, before placing her head on the table. She was sort of hoping he could help, but his mind was clearly on his playboy lifestyle.

After Sean left, her father closed and locked the door. He sat back in his chair, which the siblings had dubbed his throne, since it was slightly bigger than the rest of the chairs around the conference table.

“So, how serious are you about leaving our family practice that your mother and I started for our children and move to Atlanta and work for someone else?” Dr. Francis asked.

“Daddy, I’m just going to go check it out. I haven’t made any promises.”

“Bria, this is our family business. Your mother and I worked hard to be able to start the practice over ten years ago with the hopes that all of our children would eventually work here and then run it when we retire in a few years. Who knows, maybe our grandchildren will be doctors here as well.”

“Daddy, I’m not saying I want to stop practicing traditional medicine. I just want to incorporate an alternative method for some patients who would greatly benefit from it.”

“I do not agree with your decision to leave our family practice.”

“So let me incorporate it here.”

“Out of the question. We’re a traditional medical practice. All that voodoo who doo isn’t what we’re about.”

She had really hoped her father would change with the times, but he’d always been a traditionalist in everything not just medicine.

“Dad, it isn’t voodoo. Just alternative methods such as taking evening primrose oil to lessen hot flashes in women during menopause or acupuncture to regulate hormones. Sometimes, it’s something simple like cutting dairy or white processed foods out of your diet to stop joint pain. More people are open to alternative medicine, and there are doctors who incorporate both.”

“Bria, this is my practice, and you will not offer anything but traditional medicine here. What you’re trying to do isn’t real medicine anyway.”

“Then I’ll have to leave because I’m not going to stay and have you dictate what I can and can’t do since it’s your practice.” She couldn’t believe she’d just spoken to her dad like that, but she was passionate about it and wanted her father to realize she was serious. “Taylor has already offered me a position.”

The look he gave her was one of hurt and disbelief, and for a second she felt bad. She knew her father had worked hard to start the practice. It had been his dream for all of his children to work there, but she had dreams and goals, too. He’d taught her to be goal-oriented, resourceful, and an independent thinker. He instilled that into her at an early age. She was shocked that he didn’t understand.

He cleared his throat. “Moving to Atlanta is out of the question.”

“So what you’re saying is I have no say so in my life at all.”

“Bria, this is our family business that you own part of. Doesn’t that mean anything to you?”

“Oh, so even though I own part of it, I still have no say so. Okay, I’ll sell my ten percent shares back to you.”

“No. Out of the question, young lady.”

“Daddy,” she stood, grabbed her coffee mug and notepad. “I haven’t made any decisions about anything. I just want to see how it can be incorporated, that’s all.” She moved toward the door as he continued to sit brooding on his throne.

“I haven’t dismissed you, Dr. Bria.”

She placed her hand on the doorknob and closed her eyes to hold back the tears she knew would come down. “Yes, you did. You dismissed me when you decided not to listen to what will make me happy. Have a good day, Dr. Francis.” She opened the door and closed it softly behind her.

*****

“That bad, huh?” Raven asked.

Bria sat on the couch in her office with Raven and Cannon. Raven rubbed her back, and Cannon made Bria some chamomile tea.

“He won’t even listen to me. How can Daddy be like that?” Bria asked with tears running down her face.

“I’m so sorry.” Raven wiped Bria’s tears with Kleenex and reached for the tea Cannon extended to her. “What are you going to do?”

“I’m still going to Atlanta, but I never said I was going to stay and work for Taylor. Why is Daddy tripping so hard?” She sipped the tea and handed it back to Raven. She placed her head in her hands and then rested her head on her knees.

Cannon sat on the other side of her and rubbed her back as well. “Daddy is tripping because he’s old school. He doesn’t understand all of this alternative medicine stuff. He’s almost seventy years old. Just do what is best for you. If moving to Atlanta is best, then go. Raven and I will support you. Right?”

“Of course,” Raven answered her twin brother who was older than her by five minutes. “Maybe when you get back, let him sit in with you and a patient that will benefit from an alternative approach. Do a trial or something with the person, free of charge, and keep Daddy posted with the process. If it goes well, maybe he’ll have a change of heart.”

Bria sat all the way up and leaned back on the couch. She dried her tears and took another sip of tea, letting the calming warmth fill her body. She smiled at Raven and nodded.

“I like your idea. Thank you. You two are the best!”

“Thank you,” the twins said in unison.

Cannon patted Bria’s knee, stood, and retrieved his white coat from the hook on the back of her office door before putting it on. Raven patted her knee, too, but she added a kiss to Bria’s forehead before her pager went off. Raven smiled and placed it in her pocket.

“It’s baby time. Catch you two later.” Raven grabbed her purse from the couch and left.

“Well, I have one last patient at four.” Cannon checked his watch. “Afterwards, I’m off to the children’s hospital to check on a few patients. Plus, I promised Dr. Johnson to help him with a study he’s doing. I’ll see you at the New Year’s Eve Bash at The Groove.”

“Are you bringing a date?” Bria had been worried about Cannon lately. He had broken up with his girlfriend of two years last summer when she mentioned marriage. Bria thought Cannon wanted to get married one day. He’d been engaged once during medical school, but the wedding was called off before he began his residency. He was a workaholic and was constantly looking for ways to keep busy.

“Naw, I’m sure there’ll be enough single ladies in the place for me to hit on. That is if Sean and Rasheed don’t get to them first. See you later, sis.”

Humph. The thought had just crossed her mind that Rasheed would definitely be there flirting with the ladies, or worse, he would have a date. She sighed and then strode over to her desk and plopped down in her chair. She swirled it around twice and closed her eyes. She didn’t know which was worse—her father being unreasonable or Rasheed with a date. The new year was approaching, and she was ready to make some serious decisions about her career as well as her love life.

*****

“Yes!” Bria jumped up and down followed by the Reebok dance from the 1990s. “Another strike. I’m the bomb. And you said I would only hit a few pins.” Bria glanced up at the computer screen above their lane as her name flashed like a lightning bolt for her second strike.

“Yes, another strike for someone who can’t bowl, pushes the ball down the lane, and then talks to it,” Rasheed said through gritted teeth as he picked up his own personal black bowling ball, got into position, and glanced back at Bria.

“Yet for some reason, you can’t even make one strike tonight, and you usually can do at least six in a row.” She shrugged and gave him a wink.

He chuckled. “Watch your boy in action.” He rolled the ball which hit only half of the pins.

Bria laughed. “You were saying, Mr. Vincent?”

She had been trying to remain composed the entire evening. Rasheed looked particularly fine in a pair of jeans, a red sweater, and a black newsboy cap—which added to his already sexy persona. She couldn’t jerk her eyes away from how his butt fit in the jeans, enhancing his muscles. She imagined clenching her fingers on his bare bottom as he thrust in and out her as she pulled him deeper into her. The image she’d conjured up was making her want to forget their truce and satisfy her longing for him.

“You’re a distraction, Bree,” he said through clenched teeth as he waited for his ball to return.

No, you’re the distraction. She twitched her mouth to the side and approached him. “How am I a distraction?”

“You can’t possibly expect me to concentrate when your hair is curly and bouncy down your back and you’re wearing a sexy little black sweater dress with thigh high boots—well bowling shoes at the moment—but you’re still sexy. If you’re going to hang with me, you need to not look so hot.” He grabbed his ball and bowled a spare.

Bria sat back on the bench even though it was her turn.

He joined her a few feet down and stretched one arm across the back of the bench, his hand almost reached her shoulder. He shook his glass of rum and Coke. “I do believe it’s your turn, or are you ready to throw in the towel?”

Throw in the towel?Bria was ready to throw in the towel but not for bowling. She was ready to throw off her sweater dress and beg Rasheed to do her and do her good. Who was she kidding? How did she possibly think she could just forget about his lips caressing hers, his hands on her bottom, or the deep groans that ignited from his throat, all of which sent a tidal wave of fire through her at the mere thought?

To avoid being next to him, she went ahead and bowled. She bent over, set the ball on the line and pushed it down the lane. It slowly rolled while she yelled “go, go.” The ball hit all but two pins. She rejoined Rasheed on the bench while she waited for her ball to return.

“Damn, girl,” he chuckled. “You keep bending over like that, and I’m going to forget the deal we made the other night and seduce you right here in this bowling alley.”

A heat wave washed over her at his words. She’d had another sleepless night last night pretending her hands were his massaging her breasts and in between her thighs. She shuddered and squirmed in her seat at the possibility of that becoming a reality but with more than just his hand between her thighs.

Rasheed was jokester, but when she looked at him, she couldn’t tell if he was joking or not. Even though he was laughing, his expression and tone had been serious. She decided to find out.

“Boy, stop playing. However, I was just talking to Taylor the other day about having a sex buddy.”

“A sex buddy?” He scooted closer to her on the bench and relaxed his arm behind her. “I’m intrigued. Explain more, please.” A wicked grin crossed his handsome face and the beats of her heart sped up.

“It’s really just a joke between Taylor and me but …” she looked away from him to hide her embarrassment.

“Um … as in you and Taylor being sex buddies.” He downed the rest of his drink and set the empty glass on the other side of him on the bench. “Okay, now I’m really intrigued. Please continue.”

She playfully punched Rasheed in the arm. “Get your mind out of the gutter. No, not me and Taylor. Me and a guy.”

He looked stunned for a moment. He cleared his throat and a serious expression formed on his face.

“Wait, you’re serious, Bree?”

“Sure, why not? I wouldn’t mind having someone I can have sex with but no strings attached. Just sex. That’s it. No emotions. No relationship. Kind of like how you’ve been doing but only with one person, not a Mac truck load.”

His stare was intense, and his pupils turned darker than she had ever seen them. “I’m available, Bree,” he said in a sexy tone. He moved closer with his lips less than an inch from hers, sending tingles through her body. “You already know what it’s like to kiss me. Imagine if you had a chance to experience more than that.”

Ha! I’ve been imagining.

He ran a finger down her cheek, lifted her chin and slowly kissed her trembling lips. His tongue met hers twirling around it. Every inch of her body was ablaze with raw pleasure as he continued his assault on her lips. When he pulled away, she felt abandoned, and she let out a soft moan of disappointment.

“There’s plenty more where that came from. Much, much more.” His lips lingered on hers. “It took everything I had not to kiss you the other night as I was leaving. I wanted you right there up against the door. I want you right now in this damn bowling alley in front of all these people on this damn bench.”

“Rasheed … I …” She was at a loss for words as the passion she had for him rippled through her system causing her to go dizzy.

“I know you want me, Bree. Stop denying it.”

“Rasheed, I was just teasing.” She tried to laugh it off even though a visual popped in her head with an image of her feet sitting on his shoulders as he thrust in and out her. She turned her head away from to him to hide her thoughts.

“I wasn’t.” His voice was full of lust and sex. “I would be the perfect man. In fact, I should be the only man you consider. I know how to please a woman and would love to show you. I would make you feel things you’ve only imagined in your wildest dreams.”

Bria gulped, and her body was stuck to the seat for she wanted to move away from him but couldn’t. She closed her eyes and hoped that she wouldn’t jump him in the middle of the bowling alley.

“My ball is back,” she said, her voice a shaky whisper. She managed to get up and walk over to the ball dispenser.

“Yes, the ball is in your court, Dr. Arrington.” He used a serious, dark tone which made her want to get undressed right there in front of him.

He stood and grabbed her hard against him as his strong hands circled her tiny waist. She tried to remain calm but breathing seemed to escape her.

“You and I as sex buddies wouldn’t work. Now let go so I can bowl.”

“Fine, but I know you want to know what it’s like to be with me. It’s written all over your beautiful face. Go ahead and bowl.” He stepped back but didn’t sit down, and she had a feeling the conversation wasn’t over with it.

She could feel his eyes on her as she picked up her pink bowling ball and walked toward the lane. She was so nervous of his gaze, that she dropped the ball with a twisted release and watched it roll slowly into the gutter. She stood on the line, her white and blue bowling shoes glued to the floor. Hard hands gripped her shoulder, lips brushed her ear, and the beginnings of a hard groin on her backside caused her eyes to flutter shut.

“Your release and form is all wrong, Bree. I can show you how to do it properly. I have more experience than you in all areas, especially in the bedroom, or wherever you want it.”

“Humph. I bet you do.”

“This is why I would be perfect. You want no strings. That’s fine with me. I don’t either.”

“I don’t want to ruin our friendship.”

His arms circled her waist, and he rested his chin on her shoulder, his warm cheek brushed with hers tenderly. “I don’t want to ruin it either. You mean more to me than you realize and personally, I’m tired of the different brainless women I keep meeting. I don’t want a relationship either. I want a woman I can trust, have great sex with, and still be able to hang and talk to about whatever without her wanting more. So, that’s what I want. Think about it because I know you want me just like I’ve wanted you since I first laid my eyes on your adorable face.”

He kissed her on the cheek and released her. He was back a few seconds later with her bowling ball.

“Now, let me show you how to bowl a strike without pushing the ball down the lane and coaching it like it can really hear you.”

Bria wanted to answer him, but her tongue had been cut out and her mouth taped shut. He had told her what she wanted to hear, and the ball was definitely in her court, or at least in her hand at the moment as he showed her the proper way to bowl the ball. However, the fact that he could be seductive one minute and then back to being a friend was perfect. This way no feelings would be involved but crossing that line and ruining their friendship wasn’t something she wanted to do. However, she wasn’t sure how long it would be before she succumbed to his game of seduction.





Chapter Six



“Having a good time?” Rasheed asked his date for the evening, Roxy.

“Yes, I am.” She placed her hand on his knee under the table, but he readjusted his body in the chair, and her hand slipped off.

Well at least one of us is having a good time.

He scanned the ballroom at the Peabody Hotel, nodding his head at people he knew and even those he didn’t know. It was the day before New Year’s Eve, and it seemed everyone wanted last minute money for their charities. Rasheed didn’t mind donating, but he had no interest in coming to the event. However, his publicist had persuaded him to attend. So here he was sitting next to Roxy, a model and aspiring actress who had appeared in some music videos and had been an extra in a few movies. She was a sweet girl but a little too touchy feely considering he’d just met her that evening when he picked her up from her hotel. His publicist had set it up since she swore he needed a date for the event. His plan was to drop off the check to the event organizer and go hang out at Lillian’s with Derek. But here he was sitting next to Roxy at the Save Sports in Schools Charity Ball.

She continued to talk, but it all sounded like the teacher on Charlie Brown. He smiled and nodded his head as she continued to discuss the latest music video she did in Los Angeles with some unknown rapper. She was in Memphis to host a New Year’s Eve party at a club and to appear in another video. He didn’t knock her hustle, but he was tired of going out with the same type of women. He’d asked his publicist why did she suggest Roxy and not someone outside of the entertainment industry, and she responded “I thought that was your type.”

Was that his type?

His thoughts led him to Bria. She was witty, beautiful and intelligent. Soft. Sexy. Seductive. It took everything he had not to try to seduce her last night at the bowling alley, but he was trying to be respectful to their friendship. He sipped his wine, remembering the sweet taste of her lips. She must’ve had on flavored lip gloss like strawberry or cherry for it was still on his lips as he had lain in bed imagining her naked body lying on top of him, kissing him gently and running her hands over his bare chest.

Bria had called earlier when he was in the limo, but he didn’t answer the phone. Normally, he would have, but for some reason he didn’t want her to know he was on a date even though they were just friends. That damn kiss had changed things between them.

He glanced back over to his date. Roxy was attractive and had a pleasant demeanor. She had a nice body that was perfect for dancing in videos. However, he wasn’t interested in getting to know her. Usually, he wanted to know something about a woman especially if she had the potential to be his latest conquest for the next month or so. But all he could do was think about Bria’s flirty laugh, her kissable lips, her cute dimple on her left cheek, and sinking his hands into her hair to kiss her again.

He spent the rest of the evening choking down dry chicken, nodding, and smiling pleasantly at Roxy and chit-chatting with some people he knew. At around 10:00, he was ready to go, and they headed out to the limo.

“I had a nice time, Rasheed,” Roxy said, sliding closer to him on the seat.

“I’m glad you did.”

“What are you doing tomorrow night for New Year’s Eve? You should hang out with me. I have a VIP section for my entourage.”

Entourage? He almost laughed, but he didn’t want to hurt her feeling or get cursed out. She’d done a few videos and now she considered herself a celebrity.

“Thank you, Roxy, but I’ll be hanging with family and friends tomorrow evening. I’m sure your event will be a success.”

The limo pulled up in front of her hotel, which wasn’t far from the Peabody. The driver opened her door.

“You wanna come up?” Her voice was laced with sex as she ran her hand up his thigh. Normally, his penis would’ve had some type of reaction to a sexy woman touching him and offering up her goodies, but it didn’t move.

“I’ve had a long day and have to get up early tomorrow. But I had a nice time, and it was a pleasure meeting you. Have a safe flight back to Los Angeles.”

He reached over and gave her a hug and a kiss on her rosy cheek. Roxy’s face showed discontent. She barely said goodbye and got out of the limo. Once she left, he called Bria.

“Hey, girl. I just saw that you called earlier.”

“Hey. I wanted to verify if you were still coming tomorrow for your first acupuncture treatment. I’ll be at the practice around seven in the morning until about three or have you chickened out?”

He chuckled. “I’m no chicken. I’ll be there around nine.”

“Perfect. See you in the morning.”

*****

Bria rode the elevator down to the first floor of the medical building that housed her family’s practice. Rasheed had just called and said he was out front.

“What’s up, girl?” He walked in quickly as she locked the doors back.

“Busy. I didn’t realize how much I needed to prepare.”

They walked toward the elevators. She was nervous. She hadn’t spoken to Rasheed since they went bowling. They had ended their conversation at the bowling alley on a good note, but the sexual tension between them was quite obvious, especially after he kissed her again.

He smelled simply delish standing next to her on the elevator. She was reminded of her fantasy to get busy with a tall, dark, handsome man on an elevator, and now one was standing across from her wearing a tense face.

“Nervous?” she asked as the elevator doors opened. He trailed behind her while they walked to the practice.

“Nope.” His voice cracked a little, and she smiled.

“Don’t worry. You’re in good hands.”

They entered, and Bria locked the doors back. Rasheed looked around the room, and his eyes settled on a family portrait taken when Bria was a little girl.

“Aren’t you adorable with your ponytails. How old were you?”

“Two years old. The baby Mom is holding is Shelbi. She was only a few months old.”

He nodded and then followed her back to her examination room.

“Everything is all set up for you.” She reached over to the counter and grabbed a front-open medical gown. “Just put this on. You can tie the belt for now, but after your examination, I’ll need you to open it.”

“Examination?” he asked, taking the gown from her hands.

“Yes. I have to know if you have any issues so I’ll know the best places to put the needles. It won’t take long. I’ll be back in about ten minutes.”

Fifteen minutes later, Bria returned to check on Rasheed. She lightly knocked and then entered.

“Oh my goodness!” she shrieked as she placed her hand over her mouth. There standing in front of her was Rasheed wearing nothing and holding the gown in his hand. He was truly a sculptured chocolate Adonis. His ripped muscles were calling out to her, begging her to touch them. His manhood was somewhat hard it seemed. That’s when her hands flew over her eyes, and she turned her body toward the door.

“So you’re going to cover your eyes after you ran them over my body from head to toe and then settle on my middle area? You’re a doctor. Seeing me naked shouldn’t be a shock.”

“You … just surprised me, that’s all. I thought you would be dressed. I gave you plenty of time.”

“My agent called. He’s in town visiting some recruits and wants me to have dinner tonight with him and some guys he wants to sign.”

“Oh. But why were you naked? You can keep your underwear on.” I hope he has underwear!

“No problem. I’ll put them back on. Okay, you can turn around, Dr. Arrington.”

She turned slowly on her heel with her eyes still covered. She spread her hand over her eyes and peeked out in between her fingers. He was wearing the gown, and it was tied around his waist. She lowered her hand from her face and sighed.

For the next few minutes she gave him a brief physical examination and asked questions about any pains or concerns he had.

She glanced at the notes she took on her notepad to avoid looking at him. She couldn’t shake his naked image out of her mind. “Everything looks good.” Yes it does! “You say you feel like you’re coming down with a cold, you’re having trouble sleeping, and some knee pain.” She took a deep breath and tried to remember she was a doctor, but she was having problems concentrating. “Okay, undo the belt and lie back on the examination table.”

While he did as instructed, she went to the counter to put on her gloves and grab the cotton balls, alcohol, and needles. When she turned around, he was lying on the table with the gown open exposing his glorious body once again, but thank goodness he was wearing boxer shorts.

“I’m only going to do a few. Close your eyes and relax.”

“Okay, doc.” He took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

“Acupuncture needles are hair thin and rounded at the tip, so they won’t draw blood.”

She inserted the first needle into his knee and glanced at his face. He didn’t wince.

“Go ahead and insert it.”

She smiled and inserted the second one. “I did. In fact, I inserted two. Just continue to relax,” she said in a soothing voice. “Just a few more and then I’ll leave and let you rest for about twenty to thirty minutes.”

“You’re not going to stay?”

“Nope. Just rest and relax. How did you enjoy the charity ball last night?” she asked to keep his mind off of the needles going in.

“It was okay. The chicken was dry, the salmon was really good, and they had a really good cheesecake. My date had two slices of it.”

Date? Did he just say date? She placed the last needle into his knee.

“Ouch.” Rasheed’s eyes flew open and landed on her face. “I felt that one.”

“Oops. That must be a painful spot for you.”

She tossed the gloves into the garbage can along with the cotton balls. She pressed the play button on the CD player and a relaxing instrumental song filled the room. She lit an aromatherapy candle and turned the light off.

“I’ll be back in a little while.”

Once in her office, she sat at her desk but couldn’t concentrate. She was afraid this would happen. Raven was right. He’d been on a date, and she couldn’t handle it. Normally this wouldn’t bother her, and she would ask a ton of questions about his evening. Instead, she couldn’t leave the examination room fast enough. She leaned back in her chair and sighed. That damn kiss had changed everything.

After thirty minutes, she went back into the exam room. Rasheed was sleeping soundly. She turned on the light and put on her gloves to take out the needles.

“Rasheed? Wake up.”

He smiled but didn’t open his eyes. “Girl, I don’t think I’ve ever been so relaxed before. When can I come back?”

“Whenever my dad isn’t here,” she said sarcastically even though it was the truth. “Don’t sit up too quickly. Just relax for a few moments more and then get dressed. Just put the gown in the bin by the door. I’ll be in my office. It’s on the next hallway, fourth door on the right.”

A few moments later he stuck his head in her door.

“That was awesome. You should give your dad acupuncture. Maybe that would convince him. I feel good. Real good.” He flashed his charming, dangerous smile that made her heart stop.

“I’m so glad you enjoyed it. I told you how relaxing it is.”

“Well, I gotta go get my hair cut before my barber closes at noon. I can’t wait until tonight.” His eyes perused the files on her desk. “Are you sure you’ll be done in time? The limo is picking you up eight.”

“Yes, I’ll be ready.” She got up from her desk to let him out of the building. “I picked up my dress yesterday, got my shoes out of Shelbi’s closet and got my hair done last night. I’m set.”

“Cool.” They continued small talk about the upcoming evening in the elevator. Once they stepped off and proceeded to the front door, he turned to face her with a wicked grin on his face. “So, did you enjoy the view from earlier?” He stepped closer to her and breathing escaped her. “See anything you may have wanted? I told you I’d be the perfect sex buddy.”

“I told you I was just kidding,” she lied and walked away from him to disarm the alarm so she could open the door.

“No you aren’t, but you’ll know when you’re ready and so will I.”

He pulled her to him and placed a gentle kiss on her cheek that took her breath away. “See you tonight.” He let go of her and left.

Once she was back in her office and remembered how to breathe, she plopped into her chair, leaned her head back, and closed her eyes. Everything Rasheed had said was true. She wasn’t kidding. She wanted and needed him. It was hard not to jump him when he was naked in her exam room, but she was so embarrassed that she was at a loss for words. She shook her head to rid it of thoughts of being naked under him as he made love to her. Sighing, she began working on her to do list, but her mind kept trampling back to Rasheed’s naked body. She smiled thinking about the evening ahead. Maybe I’m ready after all.

*****

Bria checked her hair and makeup in the mirror over her foyer table one last time. Tonight, she was wearing it straight down her back with a side part on the left showing a few fading light brown highlights that complimented her dark brown hair. She grabbed her black sequined clutch that matched her black sequined, strapless dress that hugged her small curvy figure. The dress stopped an inch above her knees and showcased her toned, freshly waxed legs. She was supposed to be downstairs in five minutes to meet the limo that would take her and Rasheed to The Groove Club for a New Year’s Eve party. He offered to have the limo pick her up so she could drink champagne and not worry about driving.

She was nervous about seeing Rasheed tonight. The roller coaster of emotions she was experiencing was setting her mind in a frenzy. He’d flat out told her he wanted her in his bed, and the ball was in her court.

Shaking away the thoughts, she put on her black velvet dress coat and headed out the door.

Once she was settled in the plush leather backseat of the limo, she called Rasheed.

“Hey, we’re almost at your place so be on the corner out front. I’m ready to party.”

“The corner? I feel so cheap, Bree.” He laughed. “I just pulled into the garage. The meeting with my agent ran over, so come inside and wait for me while I get dressed.”

Twenty minutes later, Bria sat in the sitting area of his bedroom while he was in the shower. She’d been to his home several times, but was surprised when Tommy, Rasheed’s seven-foot bodyguard, showed her upstairs to the master bedroom suite because he’d never done that before.

She was quite impressed with the décor in the room. Masculine with walnut hardwood floors covered with huge oriental rugs, a sitting area with two oversized leather loveseats on either side of the lit fireplace and a few family portraits and abstract artwork adorned the walls. On the opposite wall facing the sitting area was a huge king-sized bed with thick walnut posts covered with a purple and gold paisley comforter which matched the drapes on the wall of windows.

“Are you out there, Bree?” Rasheed yelled from the attached master bathroom.

“Yes! Hurry up. I’m ready to party.”

“Hold your horses.” He was no longer shouting. She turned to face the bathroom door, and there he was leaning casually on the doorframe with his bottom half wrapped in a towel.

She held in a gasp and a gulp as she was mesmerized by the chocolate Adonis in front of her. Water glistened on his hard pecs down to his washboard stomach. If her washing machine ever gave out, she could do her laundry on Rasheed’s abs. His towel was slouched a little on the sides, which showed off his cut pelvic area. A sexy confidence oozed from his pores as he stood half-naked in the doorway while his eyes raked her from head to toe, and his mouth curved into a slow smile.

“I’ll be ready in a few.” His eyes roamed approvingly over her body once more. “You look exquisite.”

“Thank you.”

He turned back toward the bathroom, and she exhaled. It took all of her strength not to get up and snatch the towel off of him.

“But didn’t I tell you not to look so damn sexy in front of me?” he shouted from the bathroom.

“Just hurry up,” she shouted back.

A few moments later he stepped out in a black tuxedo and once again she lost her breath. He flashed his sexy smile and did a spin with his arms outstretched.

“Well? What do you think?”

I think if we don’t leave this room right now, we’ll miss the party and end up making out on the bed, the floor, and both leather couches all night.

“You look dapper as always.”

“Cool. I just need to spray on some cologne, and then we can leave. Be right back.”

He disappeared into the bathroom once more. Bria grabbed her purse off the couch and stood. That’s when she noticed a shiny object on the mantle. It was a gold clasp bracelet with two emeralds on either side of a missing third stone.

Jealously crept into her at the thought of some woman taking it off and placing it on the mantle before Rasheed pulled her down and made love to her in front of the fireplace.

“Ready?” He walked out with a black trench coat draped over his arm. He picked up a remote from the end table next to the couch and pushed a button which turned off the fireplace.

“Yep.” She placed the bracelet back on the mantle. “I see one of your friends left her jewelry here.” She strode to the door ready to leave his bedroom—a place that had probably hosted more women than she could count.

“Is that a touch of jealously I hear in your voice?” he mused.

“Of course not.” She turned to face him, and he was standing directly in front of her. His masculine woodsy scent and serious expression awakened the spot between her thighs, and she stepped back before she did something crazy like take off his bowtie, followed by his jacket, shirt, and pants and led him to his king-sized bed.

“It isn’t some woman’s bracelet. First of all, I’ve never had a woman here in my home, and second of all, it belonged to my mother.”

She placed her hand over her mouth, completely embarrassed.

“Oh. Rasheed, I’m sorry for assuming.”

They continued walking down the hall, and she walked a little faster to keep up with his long, purposeful strides.

“No problem. You know my reputation. Anyway, my dad gave it to my mother on their wedding day. Before my mother died, she told me to give it to the woman I would fall in love with, but I’ll probably just give it to Brooklyn on her wedding day. It’s not like I’m getting married.”

“Don’t say that. You were engaged once.”

“Yep, and that was a big mistake.”

“Well, at least Terri gave the bracelet back to you.”

“I never gave it to her,” he answered nonchalantly with a shrug of his shoulders, “but thank you for reminding me it was on the fireplace. I set it there so I can remember to take it to Atlanta. A jeweler friend of mine is going to add a diamond in the middle. The one that was there is in my ear.” He pointed to his left ear.

They walked in silence until they reached the bottom of the staircase. Tommy stood from his seat on the foyer bench.

“It’s a cold night in Memphis,” Rasheed said as he buttoned his coat up and Bria did the same with her velvet trench coat.

Tommy opened the front door for them. “Sure is, boss. I told the driver to leave the car on so it would be nice and warm for you and Dr. Arrington.”

“Good looking out, man. Is your wife still meeting you at the club?”

“Yes, sir. She’s on her way there now. She just dropped the kids off at the grandparents.”

“Good. Once the clock strikes twelve, you’re off. Spend the time with your wife.”

“Thanks, I appreciate it,” Tommy said with a wide smile on his face. He opened the backdoor, and Bria slid in first.

“No problem,” Rasheed said getting into the limo.

Once the door was closed, Bria smiled and looked at him.

“That was nice of you to give Tommy the rest of the night off to spend with his wife.”

“Well, he’s been with me for almost ten years. He has a wife and two kids. He’s more than just my bodyguard, he’s my right hand, but I also know family is important, and he should be with them. Besides, people are used to seeing me around town. I really don’t need a bodyguard, but he’s a good guy so I keep him around.”

Once they arrived at the club, Tommy rushed them to the VIP section upstairs where the rest of their crew was already sipping on drinks and eating appetizers. Sean and Cannon were scoping out the women and Bria became a little nervous that Rasheed would soon join them. There were plenty of scantily clad women passing by winking and waving at Rasheed. He raised his glass to them or gave a nod. Each time he did, she felt her heart sink with each beat. It wasn’t like this was something new. She’d sat in the VIP area with him plenty of times while she watched him flirt heavily with women, and it never bothered her. But of course they hadn’t kissed yet and hadn’t had a discussion about going even further. She knew the ball was still in her court. The way his eyes traveled up and down her body when she was in his bedroom was answer enough. She wasn’t sure how long the offer would stand, and judging by the way Rasheed was checking out every single woman that passed by, Bria knew the window of opportunity would be shut and locked if she didn’t give him an answer soon.

*****

Rasheed leaned against the wall in the VIP section sipping on rum and Coke and trying hard not to stare at Bria. Her short black dress was hugging her lethal curves, and he wanted to take it off and wrap her cocoa legs around his waist while she called out his name repeatedly. He tried to pretend to flirt with the groupies passing by, but they weren’t doing anything for him. Bria had awakened a passion and lust in him that he couldn’t ever remember feeling before. Her long hair fell over her right shoulder in a sexy manner, and he imagined running his hands through it or holding onto to it as he gave it to her from behind. The night before, he couldn’t sleep. The thought that she actually needed and wanted her flames of desire extinguished, prevented him from resting peacefully and filled his mind. Images of her naked mocha-kissed body next to him invaded his brain all night, and the erection that prevailed only went away after a cold shower.

Rasheed downed the rest of his drink, sat the glass on the table, and walked over to her as she held a conversation with Raven.

“Excuse me, ladies. Bree, do you wanna go dance?”

“Sure.” Bria excused herself from Raven and walked onto the dance floor.

The DJ was playing an upbeat party mix that included Lady Ga Ga, Jay-Z, Beyonce, and Rihanna. Rasheed danced behind Bria, grinding on her to the fast beat. He was surprised she hadn’t resisted, especially when he pulled her by the hips close to him and a hard-on started to manifest, but she continued dancing, swishing her butt on him in an erotic manner as if they were naked and joined together. When Rihanna’s “Rude Boy” came on, she turned around to face him and sung the entire song as she continued her seductive dance on him.

He bent down and whispered in her ear.

“You keep doing that, you’ll find out how rude this boy is. Because trust me, baby, I’m more than big enough, but the question is, can you take it?” He gave her a slow grind so she could feel exactly how hard he was.

She looked up at him from beneath her lashes with a sexy, confident expression on her face.

“I can handle all of you.” She caressed the back of his neck, and he knew it was time to go before he pulled up her dress on the dance floor.

“Let’s get out of here,” he groaned as his erection hardened more by her confident words.

Once in the limo, Bria straddled his lap and her dress rose around her hips to reveal a pair of black lace panties. His lips sought out hers, and he kissed her slow, nibbling on her bottom lip.

“I’ve been aching to kiss you again, Bree,” he said. He pulled her tongue further into his mouth, savoring the sweetness of it and feeling himself completely losing his mind. “You have the sexiest lips that I can’t get enough of.”

She answered him with a sensual moan which caused him to kiss her even deeper as he ran his fingers through her flowing hair. Her hips gyrated slowly on his hard erection through his pants. He slid one hand down to her panties, pushed them to the side, and inserted a finger into her.

She threw her head back and held onto to him tightly around his neck. He planted kisses on her throat while darting his finger in and out of her. The more he did so, the wetter she became, turning him on even further.

“Why are you so wet, Bree?” he whispered roughly in her ear, kissing it in the process.

A sigh was her answer.

He groaned at how good her body felt against him, her hands cupping his head and her passionate moans in his ear. He realized she’d already seduced him in a way that had nothing to do with sex. She was beginning to have full control over his heart and mind. She stirred his emotions in ways he didn’t have words for yet, but for now, he wanted to please her and hear more of her breathless moans that he had provoked.

“Did I do it, baby? Huh? Am I the one making you so damn wet?” He slipped another finger in, pumping them both fast in and out of her slick canal.

“Yes!” she cried out.

“Who?” He looked deep into her eyes.

“You.”

“What’s my name, Bria?”

“Rasheed.” Her voice was breathless, and she squeezed his shoulders tight. She buried her head in his chest as she bounced up and down on his fingers. He was ready to flip her over, unzip his pants, and place all of his hard length inside of her.

“Who’s making you feel so good?”

“You are, Rasheed.”

“That’s right, baby, I am. No other man has ever made you feel like this and no other man ever will. You hear me?”

“Yes. Mmm … that feels so good, Rasheed. I need to have you inside me right now.”

“Be patient. We’re almost there.”

“Please, Rasheed. I have a condom in my purse.” She began to unzip his pants.

“What kind is it?”

“I don’t know. Just a condom I got out of the machine in the ladies room at the club.”

“Baby, I doubt that thing will fit half of what I got in my boxers. Be patient.” He glanced out of the window. “Besides, the limo is pulling into my driveway now.”

“Oh!” Bria hopped off of his lap and straightened her dress.

A few moments later, the driver opened the door. Bria stepped out and walked quickly to the porch.

“Thanks, man. Here’s a little something extra for you having to work on New Year’s Eve.” Rasheed handed the driver an envelope. “Thank you for getting us home safe.”

“No problem, Mr. Vincent. Have a Happy New Year.” The driver gave a wink.

“Oh I will. Believe me, I will.”





Chapter Seven



Bria stood on the front porch all in a frenzy waiting for him to finish speaking with the driver. Rasheed had set her on fire in the limo, and she knew it wasn’t because she hadn’t had sex in a while. It was him, Rasheed Vincent, turning her out like a teenaged, sex-crazed girl who had just lost her virginity and couldn’t get enough of the guy who took it.

She leaned on the front door to steady herself. The limo pulled away, and Rasheed strode up the steps. His eyes were dark and seemed almost possessed as they raked her body with a fierceness that drove tingles through her. He closed the gap between them and in one swoop lifted her up on his hard body. She wrapped her legs around his torso and cupped her hands around his bald head.

“I can’t wait to get inside,” he whispered before claiming her lips with a wild kiss. Her emotions of lust were running high, making her temperature rise. She was about to break out into a sweat even though it was thirty degrees outside.

“You mean the house or me?”

“Both.”

“Where are the keys?”

“The house key is in my pants’ pocket, and the key for you is in my silk boxers.”

She chuckled. “Okay, well, we have to get into the house first.”

“Reach into my left pocket.”

She moved her hand down to his pocket, but instead of finding his keys she stumbled upon a very hard erection. It was long and hard as brick. It hardened even more in response to her touch. He was right. The condom she bought at the club was a regular-sized one and wouldn’t even fit on what she was feeling.

“Wrong key, Bree,” he teased.

“Oh yeah.” She rummaged around until she felt his key ring, pulled it out, and handed it to him.

“Are you going to put me down first?”

“I’ll put you down when I get you to the bed.” He kissed her softly, letting his lips linger on hers. “Besides, I can bench press twice your weight. Hold on tight.”

He opened the door, turned off the alarm and closed the door back while she still held onto him. She shivered with anticipation as he carried her up the stairs to his bedroom. His eyes never left her face. They held an expression she hadn’t seen ever before from him, and it shook her to the core. Intense. Sexual. Animalistic. She almost feared him but not in the true sense of the word. She was scared that once she slept with Rasheed, she would fall for him more than she already had.

*****

He laid her down onto the soft comforter and stretched his long body next to hers. With his head over hers, he stared deeply into her eyes as he tenderly caressed her cheek with his hand. Every fiber in her body was awake as he ran his hand down the length of her body, each touch sending excitement through her veins. She shuddered as he dragged his lips across her cheek and gently kissed the side of her mouth. She was in awe over his tender handling of her, and she turned her mouth to his, tasting the sweet essence of his lips that stroked hers with an intensity she’d never experienced before. Her hands rested on either side of his bald head as he continued ravishing her lips with his as soft moans—which she had no control over—escaped her mouth. He moved on top of her pulling her legs up and wrapping them around his waist.

She closed her eyes so she could better feel his touch on her lips. His kiss deepened as his mouth tasted and pulled on her lips making them swollen. He was kissing her as if she was all his, as if he was taking possession over her which turned her on even more. The moistness between her legs became even slicker as she felt his erection rub against her panties. She met his kisses with more vigor and hunger. The power he had over her was causing her to lose her mind and heart to him with each caress of his lips.

“I wanted you so bad, Bree,” he said in an intoxicating tone. “I promise to show you just how much.”

The passion which erupted in her veins charged through at the intensity of his words. She grasped his shoulders tight to hold onto the roller coaster ride he had her on. When he pulled away from her, she let out a wounded cry.

“Don’t worry, baby. I’m nowhere near done. Just taking off this damn tuxedo jacket.” He tossed it to the floor, ripped off his bow tie and sent it flying somewhere across the bedroom.

She sat up and met him, both standing on their knees in the bed. He tossed the pillow shams aside and pulled the comforter to expose the sheets. His lips sought hers once more, claiming power over them and her heart, which was racing with raw pleasure.

“What are you doing to me, Bree?” he asked in an aroused tone as he planted kisses on her neck. “I’ve wanted to taste your beautiful, succulent lips again since the day of the wedding. I can’t sleep without thinking about kissing you and hearing your soft moans as I make love to you.”

“Oh, Rasheed. Please don’t stop,” she moaned.

“I don’t intend to.” His tongue probed into her mouth as he pushed her back on the bed, her legs straddling around his waist once more. “I want to satisfy you in every way possible. I want to know every inch of your body. I want to know where all of your hot spots are and find the ones that never existed until I provoked them, making them mine. Do you hear me, Bree?”

“Yes,” she managed to stumble out.

The grandfather clock in his bedroom struck midnight. They both turned their attention to the clock and then back to each other.

“You know they say what you’re doing at midnight is what you’ll be doing for the rest of the year,” Rasheed said looking down at her with such an intense expression that her right leg began to shake uncontrollable. That only happened when she was nervous. The thought of making love with Rasheed for the rest of the year was mind-boggling.

He claimed her lips once more, feasting on her mouth, licking and nibbling her lips as if he’d caught his prey and couldn’t get enough to please his appetite. There wasn’t a part of her mouth he hadn’t touched, and her kisses matched his with the same hunger and need.

“Wait right here.” He got up, reached into the drawer next to the bed and grabbed a handful of condoms. He then dragged the comforter off of the bed taking two of the pillow shams with him. She watched as he kneeled down with the items in front of the fireplace, spreading the comforter on the floor and tossing the pillows on top. He pressed the button on the remote to turn the fire back on.

“Come to me, Bria.” His tone was dark and sexy. Sinful. Passionate. She obeyed and walked over to him slowly as he began to unbutton his shirt. As he undid each button, her heart raced faster as his dark chocolate flesh was exposed, taunting her with his smooth muscles. He threw the shirt on the floor and started to unzip his pants. He tossed his shoes off and pulled down his pants along with his silk boxers to expose the monster of the hard erection she’d felt through his clothes. She stopped dead in her tracks for a second as she realized where all of it was going.

“Don’t worry, baby. You can handle it. I’ll make sure.”

She continued walking until she stood directly in front of him. She glided her hands down his chest to his abs and stopped just below his belly button.

“Take off your dress,” he said in the same tone as before that made her blood boil.

She pulled down the side zipper, slid the dress over her curves and stepped out of it along with her shoes. He stepped back and ran his eyes over her body from head to toe. She could feel the heat and passion of his eyes sweep over her and an inferno erupted through her every cell of her body.

“You are simply beautiful, Bree,” he whispered in a lust-filled tone.

In one swoop, he gathered her in his arms and laid her down in front of the crackling fire. His lips possessed hers in a powerful, commanding dance, taking away every thought she had and sending erotic shivers all the way to her toes. His hands had a mind of their own as they caressed her breasts, kneading them and driving her to ecstasy. He popped one nipple in his mouth as the other one hardened in anticipation waiting for his lips to tease and nibble on it as well.

He moved his hand between her thighs, and she let out a relieved moan. That’s where she wanted it to be again, to drive her crazy like he had in the limo. He placed a finger as far as it would go inside of her. She arched her back and held onto to his shoulders as he once again tormented her, sending pleasure through her body that had lost all control under his seductive spell.

She didn’t know how much more passion she could take. He continued his assault on her breasts at the same time as he penetrated her with his fingers in rhythm with her hips.

Desperate to have him inside of her, she ran her hand down to his waiting erection and stroked the long, hard length. He let out an aroused groan and shifted his weight on top of her. His lips sought hers once more in a ravenous kiss that didn’t have any boundaries or restraints. She’d never wanted a man as much as she wanted Rasheed Vincent. Vibrations of pleasure pulsed through her body as he let out untamed groans as she continued to stroke his erection and meet his demanding kiss with her own wild, passionate ones. Her body was falling in a hazy abyss and only Rasheed could save her.

*****

He held Bria close to him as he tasted and nibbled on her lips. He couldn’t get enough of her. She was everything he imagined she would be if they ever made love. Passionate. Demanding. Beautiful. The way her body fit with his as if a rib had been taken from him to create her, was sending turbulent waves through him. Hearing her exasperated moans in his ear set him on fire making him want her even more. He’d promised himself he would take his time with her, but the deeper they kissed and the intense way she stroked his manhood, the more he needed to be inside of her as soon as possible.

He savored her lips and body, familiarizing himself with her curves, her belly button, the little black mole on her neck, and her dainty throat that kept producing erotic purrs sending scorching sensations through his veins. He couldn’t believe the affect this woman was having on him. This wasn’t part of his game plan. Women didn’t shake and unearth him. It was supposed to be the other way around. But Bria Arrington was making him lose the control he thought he had whether she realized it or not. He felt her intense desire in every part of his body from his muscles, veins, his hands that wanted to be all over her delicious skin, and his lips that couldn’t get enough of hers.

Her perfect, pouty lips were made for kissing, and he was convinced they were made for kissing only him. Their mouths were in a perfect rhythm intertwined together. He caught her face in between his hands and momentarily stopped their kiss to look at her. She gave him a questioning look.

“Please don’t stop,” she pleaded, her voice filled with lust.

“Only for a second, baby.” He reached under the pillow where her head lay to retrieve a condom. He could no longer contain the restraint he thought he had. He needed to be one with her to smother out the tightening of his muscles and the possible unleashing of his erection if he didn’t get a grip.

Once he was protected, he spread her legs and slowly guided inch by glorious inch of himself inside of her as his gaze never left her face. She closed her eyes and let out a long sigh once he was all the way in. She wrapped her legs tightly around his waist and held onto his head as he gave the first thrust, followed by a long yet gentle one to get her used to all of him. He began to make love to her with long, deep strokes increasing the tempo with each one. The muscles of her walls clenched as he continued, her hips meeting his as he grabbed onto her bottom, pulling her up to meet his powerful thrusts.

Her passionate cries sounded in his ears awakening a feral response from him. Never had a woman felt so damn good to him before. Her sweet juices were engulfing him further into a sea of ecstasy, and he was drowning in her flesh. She grabbed his shoulders hard and buried her head in his chest as loud moans of excitement flew from her. He thrust harder as he felt her contracting around him and the sounds of her orgasm resounded in the air. He was determined to erase every other man from her memory and replace it with his mark on her.

As her first orgasm ended, it wasn’t long afterward that her muscles once again clutched him to an unbearable passion-filled tremor, and he found himself losing control and letting out his seed along with every curse word he knew.

They lay still for a few moments until their breathing returned to normal. He eased off of her and lay beside her propped up on his elbow. He ran his finger down her cheek and kissed her softly on the lips.

“You’re so beautiful, Bree.” He couldn’t believe the tenderness he used and for a moment didn’t recognize his own voice.

“Thank you. That was magnificent. Can we do it again?”

“Hell, yeah. I’m not even done, girl. We’re just getting started.” He gathered her in his arms and held her close to him as she rested her head on his chest. He looked down at the pretty woman and kissed her on her forehead. He wasn’t sure what he’d got himself into with Bria, but he couldn’t imagine himself with anyone else.





Chapter Eight



Bria’s eyes flew open. The room was dark, except for a stream of light from the slit in between the drapes. Her back rested comfortably against Rasheed’s brick hard chest as he held her tight against him. She glanced at the clock. It was almost eight in the morning. They had finally fallen asleep around five after their third round of mind-blowing sex.

Sex? No, it was definitely more than sex, and that scared her to death. She didn’t want to fall for Rasheed, but it was too late. After the break up with her ex, she vowed to never fall for another player again. But here she was in the arms of a world known player who only wanted a friends-with-benefits relationship. And that was the other problem. They were best friends. What if he ended up falling in love with someone and got married? Would he ask her to plan his bachelor party? That’s what best friends do for each other. And she couldn’t be mad or jealous, even though the mere thought was making her mad and jealous. She’d had a few friends-with-benefits relationships before, but she had never fallen for them. It was just sex. But then again, those guys weren’t Rasheed Vincent.

Deciding she didn’t want to be there when he woke up, she slid from under his warm embrace. He’d told her once he was a heavy sleeper, so she was glad when he barely moved. She tiptoed across the room to the fireplace where her clothes lay and hurriedly got dressed. She grabbed her purse from the floor next to the bed and then remembered her car was at home.

Great.

She walked quietly to the open door, looked back at Rasheed who was sleeping peacefully, and hurried down the staircase. She sat on the bench in the foyer and pulled her cell phone from her purse to call a cab.

Twenty minutes later she was in the cab checking her voice mail, most of which were from friends wishing her a happy new year and her siblings questioning her as to why she left the party early. She had said a hurried good-bye to Raven before rushing out with Rasheed and never told her brothers she was leaving because they were on the dance floor. She deleted the messages, turned off her phone, and rested her head on the back of the seat.

Once she arrived home, she slept, showered, and slept again for a few more hours before she decided to Skype with the one person who would understand what she was going through, her cousin, Megan Chase.

“Let me get this straight, because I’m apparently not hearing you correctly. You had mind-blowing sex with NBA great Rasheed Vincent and you don’t want to ever again with him.” Megan shrugged her shoulders and sipped her coffee. Knowing her, it was her second cup. She drank coffee like it was water. She appeared too wired for the day after New Year’s Eve, plus, she was speaking a mile a minute in her signature, soft sort of singy voice, even though that was most of the time anyway.

“That’s correct.” Bria tried to stifle a giggle at her cousin’s appearance. Her hair was wrapped in a scarf, and she had toothpaste on two pimples.

“All because you don’t want to ruin your friendship.”

“Well, I think it’s too late because now I don’t know how to go back and be just friends. We tell each other everything. What if next week he tells me all about some hot girl he’s seeing and, knowing him, screwing? The thought is making me sick to my stomach.”

“Girl, you got it bad,” Megan said shaking her head. “I’m glad you finally had sex with someone. It has been a long time.”

“Oh really, and what about you?”

“My wonderful twin along with Jade, have been setting me up on boring blind dates. I think I’ve been out with every man in Atlanta, and I’m getting sick of it. I know my family and friends mean well, but they don’t understand that I love being single.”

“Well, you know I understand where you’re coming from. Just don’t do like me and end up sleeping with your best friend who will make you want more.”

“Don’t worry, while Jade loves to have sex, I don’t think I’m her type,” Megan laughed. “So, are you still coming to Atlanta tomorrow? The guest room is all ready for you. Just ignore my sewing machine and the big bolts of material lining the walls.” Megan moved her laptop so Bria could see the room.

Megan was an up and coming interior decorator in Atlanta who owned her own boutique interior decorating firm Chase, Whitmore, and Associates, along with her best friend Jade Whitmore.

“Yes, I’m leaving tomorrow night.”

“Isn’t Rasheed coming to Atlanta for a hosting gig on Sports Fanatic?”

“Sometime next week, but I’m going to avoid him if possible. Besides, I’ll be too busy hanging with you as well as checking out Taylor’s practice.”

Megan gave Bria a look of pity and sighed. “You have a lot on your plate right now. Between your dad giving you a hard time about leaving the family practice, and now you’re falling for Rasheed …”

“Girl, I know, but I’ll let you go. I need to do laundry and start packing enough clothes for a month, even though I do plan to go shopping at Phipps Plaza and Lenox Mall.”

“I can’t wait to see you. Call me when you leave Memphis.”

An hour later, Bria was going through her closet when she heard her front door open and close. She stood very still, not because she thought it was a burglar but because she knew who it was. She had given Rasheed an emergency key when Shelbi moved out of the apartment building and across town when she got married, and now he was using it.

“Bria, I know you’re home,” he called out. “Your purse and keys are on the foyer table.”

Reluctantly, she walked out to the living area. He sat comfortably in the chair sipping on a bottle of water and looking very handsome.

“Now look, woman. We’re not going to play the avoid Rasheed game again, do you hear me?”

“Who said I was avoiding you?” She turned from the intensity on his face and walked into the kitchen. She wasn’t surprised when he followed her in there. He sat on one of the barstools at the island, and she leaned against the sink.

“Really? I woke up this morning, and you were gone. I’ve called your cell phone, and it keeps going to voice mail. So yes, I’d say you were avoiding me.”

“You want something to eat?”

“You can’t cook, Bree.”

“No, but I can make grilled cheese sandwiches and some curly fries.” She opened the freezer to retrieve the fries and to cool her face off. He looked so damn good in his blue jeans and a black sweater, she just wanted to say the hell to their friendship and seduce him right there.

She let out a surprised sigh as strong arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her body against his hard one. His scent whiffed into her nostrils, and she wanted him to take her just like that, especially when she could feel the swell of his erection on her backside.

“You’re still avoiding me,” he whispered in her ear, his lips hovering over it. His voice was deep and heavy, sending a warm sensation through her.

“I … wasn’t avoiding you. I’m just … hungry.”

“Me too.” He dipped his tongue into the crook of her neck. “Hungry for you.”

She moaned and leaned her head back on Rasheed’s chest, feeling the hardness of it. It was comforting and warm just like his embrace that she hated to leave from that morning.

“I woke up ready for round four, and you weren’t there.” He placed kisses down her neck and kneaded her breasts whose nipples hardened as soon as he touched them.

She gave up trying to resist. “I’m here now,” she whispered. She closed the freezer, leaving the bag of fries on the shelf. He turned her around to face him, and he seized her lips as if he hadn’t seen her in forever. She parted her lips more to allow him better access to her tongue as he continued to kiss her with so much passion and vigor that it sent quivers of exhilaration down to her aching sex that craved to have him inside of her once more. She let out soft moans as she massaged his smooth head and deepened the kiss by pulling him closer to her.

His fingers skimmed the waistband of her sweatpants and another moan erupted as he pulled his lips from hers.

“Shhh. Be patient.” He kissed her gently once more and then stooped down to his knees and pulled her sweatpants to the floor. He halfway grinned. She was panty-less.

“I see you were expecting me,” he commented before diving his tongue straight into her center.

She gasped for air, for she wasn’t expecting him to do that. He held onto her butt and pulled her closer to him as she draped her left leg over his shoulder and grabbed his bald head.

His tongue dipped in and out of her, driving her crazy with every single lick.

“Yes, just … like … that,” she stuttered out. She tried to catch her breath but couldn’t. This man knew exactly what he was doing as he kissed her other lips with the same passion as the first time they had kissed.

He wound his tongue slowly around the outside of her entrance with an infatuated expression on his face. His tongue dance continued running tingles through her body. She wasn’t sure how much more she could take as he licked his tongue in and out of her. She was so wet. She wasn’t sure if it was her or his saliva. Probably a mixture of both. She felt an orgasm about to explode, and she pushed his head deeper in between her legs pumping her hips with the same motion as his tongue thrust.

“Please … Rasheed … please don’t stop.” She leaned her head back on the refrigerator and grasped his head tightly as she climaxed. She let out a long scream and then slumped over for she could no longer hold her balance on one leg. He pulled her down to the floor and held her in his warm embrace until her breathing returned to normal. She rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes, breathing in his scent.

“Let’s finish this in the bedroom.” A dangerous grin crept across his face as he lifted her off of the floor and into his strong arms.

When they arrived to her bedroom, he set her on the floor next to the bed and impatiently snatched her medical school sweatshirt over her head to reveal her breasts that bounced free in excitement. He sucked one into his mouth, nibbling and biting it hard as he palmed the other one, sending pleasure and pain through her body. Passion-filled moans released from her mouth as she held onto his head when his mouth deepened over her breast. She reached down to his jeans and unbuttoned them. Unzipping them was somewhat of a challenge as she tried to get the zipper down over his monster of an erection. While he stepped out of his jeans, she pulled his sweater over his head to expose his beautiful decadent chest in all of its glory. Breathing and her coherent senses escaped her. She glanced down to the floor to see a few packs of condoms that must’ve falling out his jeans.

“I see you came prepared.” She stooped down and tossed the packs on the bed.

He pulled her back to him but didn’t continue delivering mind-blowing kisses on her. Instead, he simply stared at her, with a longing in the depths of his eyes, and that alone sent shivers through every cell in her body.

“I want you, Bria. I woke up and reached out for you only to find a pillow in your place. You do things to me I can’t explain. You’re like a drug I can’t get enough of, and I have no control over. Why did you leave?”

“I thought it was just going to be a one-time thing.”

“You’re like a chip.” He picked her up and laid her on the bed and then his naked body over hers, pulling her legs over his shoulder. He grabbed a condom pack, opened it, and placed it on his overbearing erection. “I can’t just have one.”

With one plunge, he was completely nestled inside of her, shocking her system with electrifying volts of pleasure. She clung to him for dear life as he began to slowly stroke her, causing her to tremor beneath him and soft whimpers rose from her throat. With every stroke he gave, she felt herself falling into his world, and rose her hips up to meet his tender thrusts. She wanted to give all of herself to him. Her heart, mind, spirit, body, and soul only wanted to be his. Did Rasheed realize that she’d never felt like this before? That his being there ignited a fever in her and caused her to go weak? Just a touch or a smile from him could send tingles down her spine, and he wasn’t even trying.

“I’m so glad you’re here,” she croaked out.

“Me too. All I could think about on the way over here was being inside you again. You feel so damn good, Bree.”

After that, his thrusts came faster and deeper. An orgasm started in her center and tore through her entire body making her go dizzy and blank for a few moments. He lifted off of her.

“Wait … no … where are you going? Don’t stop. I need you … please.” She couldn’t believe the way she was begging this man to not stop, but if he only knew how he’d just taken her to heaven.

“I’m not stopping,” he chuckled. “Just changing positions. Turn over.”

Relief swept over her, and she happily turned over onto her stomach. He pulled her by the hips until she was on all fours. He leaned over and kissed the sensitive spot on the back of her neck as he eased all of himself into her. Her stomach muscles clenched, and she let out a long sigh. He stayed still for a minute, and she appreciated that. From behind, he felt harder and stronger, and she needed a minute to adjust to its size again.

She wiggled her butt and then slowly pushed back to him. He rested his hands on her hips and guided her to meet his long strokes over and over until she had orgasms overlapping each other. Their bodies slapped together as his pace picked up. She could no longer meet his thrusts as he hammered into her making her come so many times that her voice was hoarse from yelling his name. She slumped to the bed completely exhausted but wanting more of his deep, long thrusts that were sending her over the edge. He followed, but his momentum never stopped as he drove into her, saying her name in the process. He tugged on the back of her neck which was sure to leave a love mark, but she didn’t care. He grabbed her hands and held them to the bed.

“Is it good, Bree?”

“Oh yes, Rasheed. So damn good.”

“It’s all mine, you hear me?” he groaned in her ear.

“Yes, baby. Whatever you say. Just don’t stop.”

He let go of one of her hands and slid his hand down her body and underneath it to tease her clit, sending raw cries from her. She didn’t know how much more she could take, but she craved it so bad. She craved him so bad.

“Tell me whose making you feel like this.”

“You.”

“Who, baby? You know my arrogant ass loves to hear my name on your sexy lips.”

“Rasheed Vincent. Keep giving it to me just like that, Mr. Vincent.”

“Good girl.” He removed his hand from her clit and slapped her butt.

“You gonna come with me?” he asked as his thrusts came faster and out of control as the bed shook like an earthquake.

“Yes, Rasheed! Please come.”

Seconds later he shuddered hard and let out a long roar like a lion along with her name, a few grunts, and some curse words.

He rolled off of her and pulled her close to him, his face nuzzling her neck as his breathing returned to normal. Bria closed her eyes and then reopened them as silent tears fell on her face and mingled with her sweat or his sweat. She really didn’t know. What she did know was that she’d never felt a complete oneness with a man before. It scared her. She knew getting involved with Rasheed on this level was a big mistake. But now that she had crossed the point of no return, she would just have to be a woman and deal with it.

*****

An hour later after a shower together, they were settled in the living room munching on grilled cheese sandwiches and curly fries while watching college football.

“So, when are you leaving for Atlanta?” he asked, taking a swig of his beer.

“Tomorrow evening after I run some errands and what not.”

“And what not? You gotta go see your man before you leave?” Even though he asked jokingly, his stomach turned into a knot as he waited for an answer. He finished off his beer as she popped another fry into her mouth and chewed before answering his question.

Her mouth turned into a smirk as she chewed, taunting him even more.

“I don’t have a man. If I did, you wouldn’t be here. The what not is a patient. She’s going through fertility treatments with Raven, and I’m doing acupuncture in correlation with it.”

His stomach unknotted, and he polished off the rest of his grilled cheese sandwich.

“Oh. That’s right. Your parents are in St. Croix for the week. Daddy Dearest won’t even know.”

“Exactly. I’m hitting the road after that. When is your segment with Sports Fanatic?”

“Next week, but I’m flying out in the morning. You know, Bree, you can stay with me.”

She stopped mid-fry.

“I’m staying with my cousin, Megan. She’s one of the twins you were salivating over.” She popped the fry into her mouth and turned her attention toward the game.

“Well, now I’m salivating over you and would love for you to spend the month with me and in my bed.”

“I thought you didn’t bring honeys to your home in Atlanta.”

“I don’t, nor my home here in Memphis. But you’re no honey, as you say. You’re my best friend. In fact, instead of flying out in the morning, I can just ride with you. No point in you driving seven hours at night by yourself.”

“Rasheed, I don’t know about staying with you.”

“I’m not asking you to live with me. Just hang with me like we always do. Of course, now we’ve discovered something else we like to do together and very well.”

She tried to hide an embarrassed smile and hesitated with her answer. “Okay, but be ready at six ‘o’ clock.”

“Is your furry friend coming?” He pointed toward the bookshelf where Mr. Hamster sat in his cage nibbling on some food.

“No, Raven is going to keep him. Megan has a cat so I wasn’t going to take Mr. Hamster. He may have thought Mr. Hamster was lunch.”

“True. So, Megan is an interior decorator, right? My place in Atlanta isn’t really furnished, even though I did have my assistant make sure I at least had a bed to sleep in when I arrive and few other linens and things. Do you think she’ll be interested in doing some decorating for me? I’ll be back and forth in Atlanta with the hosting gig during basketball season until the studio here in Memphis is complete later on this year.”

“I’m sure she will. I’ll ask her.”

“Cool. Maybe you can help as well. You know my taste.”

“Sure. Why not?”

Rasheed tried to put his focus on the game, but he wasn’t really watching it. Instead, he kept thinking about the sexy woman sitting on the floor munching on curly fries dipped in honey mustard sauce. He could still taste her womanly essence on his lips and wanted seconds, but he knew he needed to slow down with her. He didn’t know why he invited her to stay with him in Atlanta. It just came out. It felt natural that she should be with him if they were both going to be in Atlanta at the same time. Bria was doing a number him, and he kind of liked it.

He slid down the couch and sat behind her on the floor, wrapping his arms around her waist and stretched out his long legs on either side of hers. He moved her long locks out the way and placed a tender kiss on the back of her neck. She rested her head on his chest, and he exhaled. He’d never felt so comfortable and content with a woman as he was with Bria. She was his best friend and his lover all wrapped into one. That was a first for him. He kissed her on her cheek, and she let out the cute giggle that always made his heart smile. He sighed. Mr. Self-proclaimed Player was doing something he promised he would never do again. Fall in love.





Chapter Nine



“Thank you so much, Dr. Bria and Dr. Raven, for seeing me today when your practice is closed,” Kelly Turner, Raven’s patient, said as she followed the doctors to Raven’s examination room. The doctors let Kelly walk in first.

“No problem,” Raven answered, handing Kelly a front-open exam gown from a drawer under the counter. “You’re ovulating this week, plus Dr. Bria is going out of town for the next month and needs to do your acupuncture treatment before she leaves.”

“That’s why I love coming here. Everyone goes the extra mile.”

“Thank you,” Raven said. “We appreciate that. Go ahead and get changed. I’ll be back in about ten minutes to go over your hormone level test and then Dr. Bria will go ahead and do your acupuncture procedure.”

“We’ll be right back.” Bria closed the door. “I need to go get the needles and the music from my office,” she said as they walked down the hall to the wing where all of the doctor’s offices were located.

“So, are you all packed for your trip?” Raven asked, speaking to Bria but making funny faces at Mr. Hamster once they were in Bria’s office.

“Yep, everything is in the SUV, and please, stop making faces at the hamster. You’re scaring him. I don’t know why you and your twin think he’s a baby. Cannon talks baby talk to him.”

“But, he’s so cute.”

“Yes, he is. Thank you for taking care of him while I’m gone,” Bria said, flipping through instrumental relaxation CD’s to play during Kelly’s thirty minute acupuncture session.

“What time are you leaving?

“I told Rasheed to be ready at six.”

“Really? So what’s up with that? You two ran out of the club after ya’ll were pretty much having sex on the dance floor.”

Bria widened her eyes and almost dropped the pack of acupuncture needles.

“Don’t look so surprised. I saw you out there grinding all over your best friend.”

“We were just having fun.” Bria ran her fingers through her hair. “We dance together all the time. I’m sure Kelly is ready by now. Just come get me when you’re done going over her test results.”

“Are you trying to avoid the subject? Fine. But when you’re done placing the needles in Kelly, meet me back in my office.”

Thirty minutes later, Bria sat on Raven’s couch waiting for the interrogation. She sometimes thought Raven was in the wrong profession at times and should’ve been a detective.

“Yes or no. Did you sleep him?”

“I wouldn’t really call it sleeping … well, I guess he eventually put me to sleep.” She tried to contain a huge smile but gave up.

“So you’re taking your relationship to the next level or is it just sex?”

“You sure are being a nosy rosy. We’re just having fun. That’s all.”

“Well, maybe for him.” Raven sipped her bottled water. “But I’ve seen the way you look at him and the way your face lights up if someone mentions his name or he calls or sends a text message. You weren’t like that with your ex, so I know it’s different. Can you handle it if he starts to see someone else next week, and he wants to tell you all about her like he always does and then the following day he brings some other chick to a party? He’s a nice guy and a good friend of the family now, but he’s also a well-known player, and I don’t mean in basketball. Can you handle this?”

Bria closed her eyes and exhaled. She had tossed and turned last night over those same questions. Deep down she knew the answer was no, she couldn’t handle it. There was something about Rasheed Vincent that simply unraveled her, and she couldn’t wind back up again. He was the best lover she’d ever had. He was confident with his lovemaking as if he knew he was the greatest and deserved a gold medal for it. But it was more than just the sex. It was his laughter, his concern for her over important decisions, his support and encouragement when it came to dealing with her father and the way he always puts her first, after Brooklyn, of course.

“Well?” Raven asked, taking off her white coat and hanging it in her closet. She pulled her naturally curly hair up in a ponytail on top of her head.

“I’ll just have to cross that bridge when I get it to it.”

“Yep. This will be next week if he sticks to his pattern. I’m just saying, be careful. It’s okay to have fun with no strings attached. We’ve all been there, but I’ve seen you with him over a dozen of times since you’ve met, and if I didn’t know either of you, I would think you’re a couple.”

Bria checked her watch. Kelly had about ten more minutes.

“I understand where you’re coming from, Rave, I really do. But I’ll be fine. Rasheed and I are friends who have crossed the line and had fantastic sex. Heck, we may never have sex again.”

“Chile, please. You’re staying with him in his mansion. Did you ever ask where you would be staying? The guest room or the master suite?”

Bria remained silent.

“Fine. Don’t answer. I have to go to the hospital, but first, I’ll drop Mr. Hamster off at my place. Lock up and have fun in Atlanta. Tell Megan and her fabu group of friends hello for me.”

After Bria finished with Kelly, locked up, and left, she sat in her SUV thinking about the month ahead. She would be spending her days with Taylor at the wellness center and her nights with Rasheed in his home, in his bed. And who wouldn’t want to spend a month with him. He was every woman’s fantasy. Tall, handsome, Hershey-kissed skin, a mouthwatering smile that was charming and dangerous. Plus, he had the best set of abs a woman could run her hands and lips over.

She smiled, turned the ignition, and headed toward Rasheed’s home. She was going to have fun and not worry her head over the fact that they had crossed the line.

*****

Bria sat with her feet in the passenger seat of her SUV reading a book on her Kindle Fire while Rasheed drove and bopped his head to John Coltrane. They had been riding in silence for the past hour. They had about three more hours until they were in Atlanta. Bria loved traveling at night because there weren’t many cars on the interstate.

“Whenever you want me to drive, just pull over,” she offered.

“Nope. I’m good. Just read your romance novel. You’re on vacation. Relax.”

“Cool.” She continued reading, but her mind was wandering. He hadn’t flirted or even acted as if they’d slept together, but that was the deal. He treated her like he always had—like she was one of his homeboys, except in bed. In bed, he treated her as if she was the only woman in the world to him, which would explain why women were always blowing up his phone. But it was bothering her.

She had the urge to hold his hand or lay her head on his broad shoulders. He’d been so tender with her the day before while they watched the football game. She was rather surprised when he sat behind her on the floor, placing light kisses on her cheek and neck. When she picked him up at his home earlier, she wanted to hug and kiss him. Instead, he’d given her a high five before putting his luggage in the trunk.

His cell phone ringing brought her out of her thoughts. It was plugged into the MP3 system of her SUV, and the ring sounded through the speakers cutting off Coltrane’s saxophone.

Rasheed pushed the hand’s free button.

“Hello?”

“Hey, handsome. Heard you were coming to Atlanta soon.” A sexy female’s voice crooned through the speakers like Marilyn Monroe when she sang “Happy Birthday” to JFK.

Bria’s heart sunk, and she held her breath waiting to see what the sexy voice was going to say.

“Umm …” He glanced at Bria. She pretended to read her book as she held her breath. It wasn’t the first time a woman had called and she was with him, but it was the first time since they’d slept together, and now she was livid but couldn’t let it show.

“Who’s this?”

Did that many women call him that he didn’t know their voices?

“It’s me, Candi from the Baller’s Club. I haven’t spoken to you since you flew me and some of my girls to Vegas to dance at your best friend’s bachelor party.”

“Oh … Candi. How are you?”

“I’m good, boo. Word on the street is that you’re coming to the ATL soon, and I wanted to make sure you and your boys are well taken care of when you get here.”

“Oh … well … thank you,” he glanced at Bria and then back on the road. “I’ll have my assistant call the club ahead of time and set something up if need be.”

“Boo, you know you have my direct number. There’s no need to call the club. In fact, my girls and I can do a private show for you at your condo in Buckhead like we did last summer. You made me promise in Vegas to do that special thing I do just for you when I see you again.”

“Candi …” he started as he glanced over at Bria.

“My bad, Rasheed. Do you have one of your lil’ freaks with you? Sorry. But if she’s down, you can bring her too, like last time. I know you enjoyed watching as I …”

Bria almost dropped her Kindle Fire to the floor and held in a gasp. If that chick thought she was going to join in on some wild orgy she was dead wrong.

“Candi, I really have to go. I’m driving, and I hate talking on the phone while I drive. I’ll have my assistant call you if I need to set anything up. Gotta go.”

He ended the call before Candi could say anything else.

“Wow, boo, I mean Rasheed. Looks like you’ll be having fun with Candi and her girls when you get to the ATL, but you can count this lil’ freak out.” Bria turned her body toward the window. What on earth had she gotten herself into?

He pulled the SUV over to the shoulder and shut it off, leaving the headlights on.

“Bria,” he said as his hand traced along her cheek. “I would never take you to a party like that. And who said I was going? Those girls are looking for money. That’s it. Trust me. She has plenty of baller’s numbers to dial. The only woman I want to be with in Atlanta is you.”

She shook her head and closed her eyes. She was afraid this would happen. She’d fallen for Rasheed, and now she was steaming mad but couldn’t lash out at him because he wasn’t her man. Just a friend with benefits. She wished she could go back in time and rethink her decision about sleeping with him. Then they would be two friends hanging out, and the call from the stripper wouldn’t have bothered her.

But then she wouldn’t know how his sensual lips felt across every inch of her skin or how his strong hands could massage her body, provoking all her known hot spots and now plenty more she didn’t know existed until he touched her. She loved the way he felt inside of her, thrusting in and out in perfect sync with her as he held her close to him. A shiver rushed through her as she remembered witnessing one of his orgasms. He roared like a lion and shook so hard she thought the bed had turned into one of those automatic vibrating beds in cheap motels.

“Bria, look at me.” His voice was above a whisper and sincere, which shocked her, but she continued to stare out the window at the night sky as she contemplated the best way to handle the situation without sounding off in a jealous rant.

She glanced over her shoulder at him. Something about his dark-brown gaze held her captive and wouldn’t let her turn away. It made her forget everything that had just happened and focus only on him.

“If this bothers you, we can go back to being just friends, nothing more. But I have to admit, that’s going to be very hard because I’ve wanted you every second of the day since the moment my lips touched your finger, maybe even before.” He ran his fingers through her hair. “Like right now. I want you.” He clicked her seat belt with his free hand and then his seatbelt. He traced his hand along her thigh until he got to the button of her jeans and popped it open.

Her emotions were running high. She knew she should reject him, but his smooth talking player words were winning her over, and the fire that had ignited in her needed to be put out.

He leaned in closer and kissed the side of her neck with such tenderness a tear came to her eye. She never imagined Rasheed would be a gentle lover. Yes, he was a feral one as well, but he still knew how to be passionate and gentle.

“Take them off,” he commanded, tugging at the waistband of her jeans.

And demanding all at the same time.

“But …” she started, looking around the roadway. There wasn’t a single headlight. It was pitch black except for the headlights on the SUV.

“But what, Bree? Didn’t you tell me to pull over when I wanted you to drive? Well, I want you to drive, or rather ride me.”

He reached his hand under the driver seat and pushed the button to make the seat go back as far as it would go. He turned Coltrane back up and pushed the fast forward button twice.

“Why are you still in those jeans?”

“I …” she stopped when one of her favorite songs came on.

“You know you’re wrong.” She slipped out her jeans and panties quickly. There was something about the way Coltrane played the sax in the song “My Little Brown Book” that put her in the mood, and she remembered saying it a few months ago when a jazz band was playing it at Lillian’s. Rasheed was standing behind her chair speaking to a customer. She didn’t realize he was listening because she was talking to Shelbi and Raven.

He leaned over and kissed her hard and pulled her on top of him as the sax sounded through the speakers.

“Well, if I’m wrong …” He stopped, nibbled on her neck, and then whispered. “Then punish me, baby.” He raked his hands through her hair and tortured her lips once more. She could feel the hardness of his erection through his slacks, and she wanted to get to it as soon as possible.

Bria let out a moan as she savored his lips and tongue penetrating her mouth. She ran her hand to his pants to unbuckle his belt.

“I’ll finish with the belt, baby. Reach over and grab a condom from the glove compartment.”

Moments later he was protected, and she slid down slowly on his long, hard rod until it was all engulfed inside of her. Rasheed’s hands gripped her butt, his fingers digging into her flesh as he guided her. Pleasure was radiating through her body and the buildup of her orgasm was about to crash down.

Being with him felt so right. She knew she was losing it as the intensity of their lovemaking grew stronger every time they made love. She grabbed on to his shoulders and found his lips in the star-lit SUV.

Her mouth closed over his, and he held her against him as if he was protecting her from the cold. Tears welled in her eyes as she opened her heart and mind to him. She shook against him, scared of the passion racing through her veins. She had never craved and wanted a man so bad before, like how she needed Rasheed.

She buried her head in his shoulder as the onset of her climax was near. She could no longer control her emotions or the foreign sounds rising from her throat.

“That’s right, baby.” Rasheed’s voice was hard and raw in her ear. “Come for me, baby. Come hard for me.”

“Don’t worry, I am.”

“Lift your head up and look at me,” he demanded.

She obeyed and looked into his eyes, cupping his head with her hands.

“I want to hear you, Bree. I want to know how good I’ve made you feel.”

She bounced up and down faster as he met her rhythm with hard thrusts until they both climaxed together.

He leaned his head back on the headrest trying to catch his breath while she panted and rested her head on his shoulder. He stroked her hair in a tender manner, relaxing her even further.

“Now, aren’t you glad I pulled over to let you drive?” he asked.

She laughed. “Yes, I am.”

“Good. Now can you drive for real? You just wore a brother out!”

She laughed again.

*****

“This is absolutely beautiful,” Megan said as she twirled around the two-story foyer of Rasheed’s mansion in Alpharetta, a suburb right outside of Atlanta. “I can do wonders with this place. It’s simply amazing.”

Bria smiled at Megan. She was always so bubbly, upbeat, and carefree. She twirled again and her curly ponytail bounced in the process.

“I’m glad to hear it. Right now, he only has a mattress and box spring set sitting on top of the railings but no headboard. He really wants the master suite, one of the guestrooms, living area, dining room, and family room done for now.”

“Okay,” Megan said taking notes on her iPad. “I brought my measuring tape to measure space and windows. Can you show me to the dining room first?”

The ladies walked through the living area and into the dining room that had a double tray ceiling, a crystal chandelier, and wainscoting under the chair rail. The walls were already painted a deep red and the walnut hardwood floors covered the entire first floor of the mansion except the kitchen which had tile.

“Now I see why you didn’t want to stay with me, but then again, you’re staying with Rasheed, so I don’t blame you. So, will he be helping with this project?”

“Nope. He said whatever I thought was best. He already gave his input when he purchased the house, such as the media room and the outdoor kitchen.”

“Wow, this sounds serious. Men just don’t let women decorate their homes.”

“Like I told you before, we’re just friends who like to have fun.” She winked.

“How’s that working out since the last time we Skyped?” The ladies headed through an archway to the kitchen. There were appetizers on the granite island that the chef Rasheed hired had prepared. Bria grabbed a plate and filled it with cheeses, miniature quiche, chicken salad croissants, and veggie rolls along with a glass of red wine and sat down opposite Megan on one of the barstools who filled her plate with fruit and quiche.

“Honestly, we’re fine. Our friendship hasn’t changed. He’s still my best friend, but now we just added sex to it and that’s very satisfying.”

The ladies laughed.

“That’s good. I don’t think I could actually live with my friend-with-benefits for a month and not hopelessly fall in love with him.”

Bria tried to laugh it off but deep down she was falling for him. Heck, she’d fallen for him the minute she met him which is why she tried her best to ignore that fact because she knew he was a player. At times, she was having regrets about the addition to their friendship. She felt as if he was being secretive all of a sudden. Now whenever his phone rang, he would glance at it and then ignore the call unless it was one of his family members, friends, or business associates.

For the next few hours, Bria finished giving Megan a tour while she took measurements. After she left, Bria retreated to the beautiful master suite to finish hanging up her clothes in the ‘hers’ closet.

“Boo!” Hands grabbed at her waist and turned her around.

“Rasheed, you scared me!” She looked up into his handsome face, placing her hands on his cheeks. “Your face is so cold.” She rubbed her hands in circular motions to warm it up.

“It’s cold outside, girl. I went out back to look at the outdoor kitchen area with Chef James.”

“I’m so glad you hired him while we’re here. He made some delicious baby quiche and veggie rolls for me and Megan for lunch and the omelet this morning was simply delish. Can he come back to Memphis with me?”

“Well, I’m glad you approve of him. He’s getting ready to cook dinner in a few, but I want to take you somewhere first.” He kissed the top of her forehead.

“Where are we going?”

“It’s a surprise, but you may want to dress warm and comfortable.” He glanced around the closet. “Maybe some sweatpants, with a sweater and something under that and your grey pea coat. I’m going to get out of this suit.”

A sly smile crossed her face. “You need some help?” she asked unloosening his tie.

He raised a wicked eyebrow and bent down to capture her lips in a kiss that ignited every part of her.

“You are so bad, you know that, Bree? Unfortunately, the limo will be here in a few minutes. Think you can be ready in ten minutes?”

“Sure.”

“Perfect, and then later on tonight, you can help me out of my clothes.” He kissed her once more before walking across the bathroom to the ‘his’ closet.

Fifteen minutes later they were settled in the limo as it pulled out of the gated community.

“You remember the last time we were in a limo?” he asked, holding her in his arms while she rested her head on his chest.

“Oh, yes I do. So where are you taking me?”

“Ice skating at Centennial Olympic Park. I thought it would be fun and different.”

“Oh and it is. I haven’t been since my days at Spelman, but I’m game. Have you ever ice skated before?”

“Nope, but I know how to roller skate and ski, so how hard can it be?”

*****

“Take my hand and slowly raise yourself without bringing me down with you,” Bria said as Rasheed sat on the ice after his second fall.

Laughing, he reached for her hand and pulled her down on top of him. They both laughed as they tried to help each other up. He was laughing so hard he couldn’t even speak, especially when she slipped and fell again on top of him.

“Now, look Rasheed, stop pulling me down.” She playfully punched his shoulder and slowly stood, holding out her hand again.

“Okay,” he laughed. “Let me get serious. I just can’t help it. You should see how cute your face looks every time you fall. Okay, I’m ready.” He grabbed onto her hands and stood all the way up. They held hands standing face to face. He wanted to move a wisp of her hair from her face, but was scared he was going to fall again.

“Having fun, Bree?”

She nodded and smiled that beautiful smile that always touched his soul.

“I am. The more we fall, the more fun I have. However, let’s try to stay upright on this next lap around the rink.”

They managed to make it around the rink slowly without falling flat on their faces as more experienced ice skaters zoomed right by them. Rasheed laughed the entire time. He was truly having a good time, but most importantly, he was with Bria. She was the epitome of what he wanted in a woman. She was intelligent, caring, independent, and beautiful on the inside and out. When he first met her, a desire for her had risen in him so strong he thought he was coming down with a fever. He could now honestly admit to himself that it was hard to control what he felt, and he tried to hide it, but now he wanted her to know.

They skated for another hour taking a few hot apple cider breaks before calling it quits. The rink had started to get crowded with teenagers and children. Once Rasheed and Bria were back settled in the limo, they cuddled under the blanket he had requested the driver bring just in case.

Rasheed loved the way Bria was nestled against him to warm up. He was never one for cuddling with a woman, but Bria seemed to fit perfectly against him, and that’s where he wanted her to be.

“Are you warming up?” he asked.

“Yep. My hands are a little numb.” She rubbed them together, but he grabbed them and held them in his, massaging them to warm her up.

“Thank you. I had a lot of fun tonight. I needed that. Tomorrow I’m going to go visit Taylor’s practice.” She sighed and wrapped her hands around his waist.

“You seem nervous.”

“Hmmm … not really nervous, but Rasheed, to be honest, I don’t want to work anywhere else but my family’s practice. I just wish my father would listen to me.”

“Well, who knows? Maybe you’ll like the atmosphere at Taylor’s practice, plus at least there you can incorporate alternative methods with traditional. It will all work out, Bree. Have a little faith.” He kissed her forehead.

She smiled and kissed his cheek. “Thank you for the pep talk. You always know how to make me feel better.”

“That’s what I’m here for.”





Chapter Ten



“Dr. Arrington, it was so nice to meet you today. I hope we can work together in the near future,” Dr. Daneca Benton said as the two ladies shook hands. Dr. Benton was a dermatologist at Banneker’s Women’s Wellness Center. Bria had just met with the all of the doctors after touring the center and briefly met with a few patients that wanted an opinion on alternative methods.

“It was nice meeting you as well, but please call me Dr. Bria. Rarely does anyone call me Dr. Arrington.”

“Honey, that may work at your family’s practice, but around here, we’re all on a last name basis. I didn’t go through four years of undergrad, four years of medical school, and a five-year residency to be called Dr. Daneca.” Dr. Benton sashayed away, but unfortunately her overbearing perfume and hoity toity attitude lingered in the wellness center’s waiting room.

Bria sat down on the couch while she waited for Taylor to finish with her last patient. Bria had been visiting the wellness center for the past four days and loved the atmosphere and camaraderie but felt as if something was missing.

She’d been enjoying her vacation so far. Her days with Taylor and her nights wrapped in Rasheed’s strong arms. She hated leaving him in the warm, comfy bed every morning to go to the wellness center, but her career was important. Besides, he was busy on the set of Sports Fanatic during the day as well. The show’s producers loved Rasheed’s fun and jokester personality, and they offered him the position on the spot. Bria also figured it was because of his deep, articulate voice and the eye-candy that he was would draw in women viewers.

That evening, she was going to an Atlanta Hawks basketball game where Rasheed would be hosting from the Sports Fanatic’s sky box. He’d given her some courtside tickets, so she invited Taylor, Megan, and her girlfriends to tag along.

“All set?” Taylor asked. She took off her white coat and exchanged it for her trench coat and Bria did the same. It was a chilly day in Atlanta.

Bria had always admired how well put together Taylor was. Her pixie hair cut was neat and precise with dark red highlights throughout her brown hair which complemented her sandy brown complexion. The black pants suit she wore fit her size eight shape perfectly and showed off her hippie shape. Sean and Cannon always teased that Taylor had the ideal hips and butt to bare children.

“Yep. Whenever you’re ready.” Bria was riding with Taylor to the game and they were to meet the other ladies there. “I noticed that everyone wears their white coats all day. Is that mandatory?” At her family’s practice, it wasn’t, even though everyone did except for Sean, because he didn’t need one, and her. She preferred to be comfortable in her scrubs. Occasionally, she’d wear a sheath dress and heels with her white coat over it, like she did today, or a pair of slacks and a blouse.

“Yes. In fact, we don’t wear scrubs except for the nurses and medical assistants or unless you’re going to perform a procedure.” Taylor stopped speaking to wave at the receptionist as they walked out the door to the catch elevator. “But you’re an allergist, so that probably won’t be too often.”

Bria simply nodded. They rode in silence in the elevator. Taylor was texting and Bria was thinking how much of a change it would be to work for Taylor. There were other rules and regulations that had been explained earlier that were different from her family’s practice. Some she didn’t agree with, but Taylor made the final decision on everything. At least with her family’s practice, they did vote on new procedures and rules. The only thing her father wouldn’t budge on was Bria incorporating naturopathic medicine which was why she was at Taylor’s practice in the first place.

Bria had worked a year at her family’s practice of which she’d owned a small percentage. When she mentioned to Taylor about the possibility of buying into the wellness center, Taylor immediately said no and then carried on the conversation to another topic.

Bria sighed as the stepped off of the elevator. The grass wasn’t always greener on the other side.

*****

Rasheed peered out the sky box into the crowded arena. He smiled as he saw Bria with her cousins and girlfriends sitting courtside laughing and having a good time. Halftime was coming up soon, and he was getting geared up for his opinion on the game and the players.

After his segment, he turned his attention back to the area to where Bria was seated. A few men were standing around talking to the ladies, including his friend, Gary Parker. They’d played basketball together in college, but Gary never got drafted for the NBA. He was now a basketball coach at a local high school in Atlanta. He wasn’t sure what Gary was saying, but whatever it was, it made the women laugh. It seemed as if most of his attention was directed toward Bria whom he was sitting next to during the game. A tinge of jealousy clutched his gut, and he wanted to yank his friend away from Bria and dribble him down the court and shoot him in the basket, making sure to hit the backboard first.

After the game, Rasheed interviewed a few of the players from both teams and the coaches on the court but was still annoyed that Gary was hanging around Bria. Did she like the attention? He kept glancing in their direction, but a crowd had gathered on the court, and she was now blocked from his view. He could see Megan or Sydney—he couldn’t tell the twins apart—sitting on the end, but he still had no idea what was going on with Bria and Gary. It nagged him to death. After his last interview, he gave his microphone equipment to one of the show’s assistants who was standing nearby.

“Hello, Mr. Vincent,” a bubbly voice behind him said.

He turned around to see Cindy, one of the cheerleaders who was the fiancée of his producer, Jeff. Rasheed had met her earlier in the sky box when she stopped by before the game.

“Hey, Cindy. Great moves out there.”

“Thank you. I’m trying to do my best. When Jeff and I get married this summer, no more cheerleading for me. He says he doesn’t want men salivating over me.”

“Well, can you blame a brother?” he laughed. ”What man would want his beautiful wife on display for a bunch of men to see in a short skirt and a tank top?”

“I hear you, Mr. Vincent.” She gave him a quick hug. “Gotta go change and meet Jeff.” She bounced off with a few more cheerleaders who were waiting for her.

Rasheed continued walking through the heavy crowd on the court in the direction of where Bria was sitting only to bump right into Gary.

“What’s up, man?” Gary extended his hand to Rasheed. He shook his hand a little too firmly, and Gary gave him an odd stare. Not meaning to come off angry, Rasheed offered a smile instead.

“Nothing much, Gary.” He hoped the fact that he was in a foul mood with his friend didn’t show. Besides, maybe he hadn’t flirted with Bria. Gary always was a people person and spoke to everyone and since he was seated next to her, maybe he was just being nice. “Good to see you. How’s the coaching thing going?”

“Going great. I have a really good varsity team. Maybe you can stop by the school and give them a pep talk one day.”

“Of course. I’ll be in and out of Atlanta now.”

“I heard you were now commentating with Sports Fanatic. I figured I’d see you tonight.”

“I was just coming over to speak to you. I saw that you were seated next to some lady friends of mine on courtside. Have an interest in any of them? I can put in a good word for you.” Rasheed hoped he wouldn’t smash in his friend’s skull in the middle of the Phillips Arena if he said the wrong thing.

Gary smiled a little too wide for Rasheed’s comfort. “Well, actually the pretty mocha-kissed one with the long hair flowing down her back.” Gary glanced in the ladies’ direction and pointed at Bria who was chitchatting with the twins. “Bria. She’s fine as hell! All of them are, but she’s something special.”

Rasheed stepped back and braced himself. He couldn’t be angry at the guy. It wasn’t as if they were in a real relationship. Bria could see and date anyone she chose, even though the thought was gnawing at him.

“Did you ask her out?” His heart stopped as he waited for the answer.

“No, I was going to, but she lives in Memphis. I can’t do the long distance thing again.”

Rasheed exhaled but was still somewhat curious as to what Bria would’ve answered if Gary had indeed asked her out. They were just friends-with-benefits, but he knew in his heart he wanted so much more with her, and the thought of some other guy even looking at her made his blood boil.

“Yep. She does. In fact, she’s here in Atlanta with me hanging out and what not.” Rasheed put heavy emphasis on the last two words.

“Oh … is that you, dog?” Gary asked with an apologetic expression. “No disrespect, man. I had no idea.”

“Nothing like that. She’s my best friend next to my homeboys Justin and Derek.” He glanced in Bria’s direction and finally made eye contact with her. She flashed a beautiful smile and waved. The other ladies waved as well. He nodded and smiled back.

“Okay. Because I did ask her if she had a man, and she said no.”

Rasheed’s chest felt like it had the wind knocked out of him. Did she actually say she didn’t have a man? Okay, fine. So they hadn’t made a commitment or anything, but surely she had to know how he felt about her. He’d never made love to a woman the way he made love to Bria. In fact, he couldn’t even think of a time before her when he’d made love.

It was time they had a serious conversation about the future of their relationship. No woman of his or soon-to-be woman of his was going to go around telling people she didn’t have a man. She was going to have one soon enough.

*****

“You did an awesome job tonight at the game,” Bria said as they settled into the media room of Rasheed’s home watching the playbacks of Sports Fanatic. “You looked so good, I’m trying to hold back the urge to jump you.” He was sinfully delicious-looking wearing only a pair of white linen lounging pants exposing his rock hard chocolate chest.

“Thanks,” he mumbled and shifted in his seat.

He’d been quiet on the way home which was out of character for him. She expected him to be hyped and almost annoyingly loud, but he barely said a few words. Instead, he’d sat in the passenger seat brooding over something, and now it had carried over into his home. Maybe he felt as if he’d messed up, but he was articulate, confident, and wearing the hell out of his suit. One would never know he didn’t have any experience in the field of sportscasting, but he was a natural.

“Rasheed, what’s eating you?” She reached over and patted his hand. “I think you did a fantastic job.”

“Never said I didn’t.” He shrugged and took a swig of his beer.

Okay, so he’s still arrogant no matter what.

“So what’s the problem?”

“I see you met my friend Gary Parker at the game.”

“Yes. He’s a really nice guy. He kept us laughing during halftime with his jokes. I think he’s in the wrong profession.”

“Yep. Gary was always a funny guy back in college. In fact, he said something funny after the game. He said he was going to ask you out, but you live in Memphis.”

She gave a knowing nod and smiled because she had a pretty good idea where this conversation was going. Somebody was jealous. She had a feeling they were discussing her when she saw them on the court, and they both looked in her direction. Plus, she could sense Gary wanted to ask her out, but he wasn’t her type. Besides, she wanted to be with someone else.

“Well, I’m glad he didn’t ask me out because I would’ve definitely said no.”

His eyebrow arched. “Why?”

“Because I’m not interested in him.”I want you, you idiot!

“Oh, I see. Well, the funny part is he said you didn’t have a man.”

She almost laughed. She couldn’t believe he was jealous over nothing.

“So your male ego is hurt, Mr. Vincent? It’s not like I lied. I don’t have a man. I have a friend with benefits who is apparently jealous.”

“Jealous? I’m not jealous.” He flicked the flat screen off with the remote and turned his body toward her. “I just didn’t like it. I didn’t like it all. Do you have any idea how I felt watching him sitting next to you, eyeballing your legs in that sexy dress and you laughing at all of his corny-ass lame jokes? I was trying my best not to leave the sky box to come down there and set Mr. Comedian straight.”

They were silent for a few moments. She didn’t know what to make of Rasheed’s jealous rant which according to him wasn’t jealousy.

“Well, it really doesn’t matter what you like.” She stood in front of him with one hand on her hip and the other one waving back and forth in the air. “I didn’t like having to hear you on the phone with some stripper on the way to Atlanta. I didn’t like all of the cheerleaders salivating over you, especially the one who flounced over to you after the game, and I didn’t like having to hear about all of your trysts for the past four months!”

A sly, arrogant smile crossed his face. “So, you’ve been jealous this whole time?”

“I …” Who was she kidding? She couldn’t lie to herself or him, anymore. She sat back in her chair and sighed.

He lifted the arm rest in between their two movie stadium seats and pulled her onto his lap. “First of all, the cheerleader you saw me talking to is my producer’s fiancée. Seeing Gary talking to you tonight made me jealous. Yes, I’m man enough to admit that. I don’t want another man looking at you, talking to you, or thinking about you. It took everything I had not to sock Gary. Do you have any idea what kind of affect you have over me, woman?”

“Really? You wanted to sock Gary for me?” She placed her forehead on his and smiled.

“Yes, baby. It would’ve been all over the news and the gossip blogs. TMZ and Bossip would’ve had a field day. Retired basketball player, Rasheed Vincent, beats the hell out of a high school basketball coach over a breathtaking, beautiful doctor from Memphis.”

She laughed. “Rasheed, what am I going to do with you?”

“Oh, I can think of a few things, especially when you walked in here wearing nothing but boy shorts and a tank top.”

She sighed and slid off of his lap back to her seat. “Is that all you think about? Sex?”

“Well … no. I think about your beautiful smile, your funny little laugh, the way your face wrinkles up when you’re pretending to be mad at me, or the stern look you have when you really are mad at me. It’s kinda sexy, like right now. I think about you and I together having deep intellectual conversations, watching the games, drinking a beer and eating pizza. And yes, Bria, I think about making love to you. How you feel underneath me in my arms with your eyes half shut and those pleasure-filled moans coming from you and the way you say my name. Damn girl, makes a brother really want to be only with you.”

She was silent for a moment, stunned at his words that sounded so sincere that she was speechless.

“Rasheed, what are you trying to tell me?”

“I want you, Bria. I’m ready for a committed, monogamous relationship with you.”

“Are you sure?” Her voice trembled.

He reached over and stroked her hair. “I’ve never been so sure of something in my life. I want you to be all mine. That’s it. Me and you, Bree. Like Bonnie and Clyde. Jay-Z and Beyonce. Barack and Michelle.”

Her heart thundered in her chest. She couldn’t believe the words coming out of his mouth but she did because they came from his heart.

He grabbed her hard against his rigid body and kissed her already parted lips, sinking his hand into her hair pulling her mouth deeper into his. A stifled moan escaped her at the intensity of his kiss. He released her lips from his and placed feathered-kisses on her neck.

“I want you, Bria,” he said against the hollow of her neck. “I want you to be all mine, forever, baby. You hear me?” His voice was direct and seductive.

“Yes. I want you, too, and I have for a very long time. I just didn’t want to get hurt by another player.”

He kissed her hand and looked at her with such sincerity that a tear formed in her eye. “I promise to never hurt you the way that son of a bitch you were engaged to did. He just didn’t realize how truly special and loving you are. You can trust me, Bria. You own my heart, and I promise to never break yours.”

As the tears rolled down her cheeks, he kissed them away, making more come.

“Let’s go finish this in the bedroom.” He lifted her up in his warm embrace, and she rested her head on his chest with a smile.

Later on that night after a beautiful time of lovemaking, she lay intertwined with Rasheed. Her head rested comfortably on his bare chest as he slept soundly. Her finger traced along his chocolate skin feeling its warmth and smoothness on her fingertips. She inhaled his scent which was a mixture of his cologne along with the fresh scent of their sweat from their intense lovemaking session. She’d never felt so at peace and content with a man as she did with Rasheed. She kissed his chest. He stirred and mumbled something.

“Did you say something, Rasheed?”

“Yeah,” he answered sleepily. “I said move your hand lower.”

And she happily obliged.





Chapter Eleven



“So ladies, what do you think about these?” Jade Whitmore, Megan’s best friend, asked.

Bria had spent the day shopping with Megan and Jade for dining and guest room furniture for Rasheed’s home. He’d told her whatever she picked was fine with him as he handed her his credit card before leaving for a flight for Charlotte, North Carolina, with the Sports Fanatic crew.

The ladies had bought furniture, linens, ate lunch, and now Jade had dragged them to a sex toy shop and was holding up two bottles of edible massage oil.

“Um, the peach one since we’re in Georgia,” Bria said, taking the bottle from her and placing it in the hand-held basket that already contained some different-colored extra large condoms and a pack of Truth or Dare cards. “What about you, Megan? Getting anything?”

“No. I don’t have a man.”

Jade dropped the other massage oil into Megan’s empty basket and shook her head. “Stop being such a prude. Who says you need a man. There are plenty of things along that wall that will take care of your needs.” Jade pointed to the wall of sex toys and walked off to another section of the store.

“That’s your best friend,” Bria said with a laugh.

Megan shook her head. “Yes, I know. She’s a trip. It’s like having my very own Samantha Jones from Sex and the City all day long.”

“I have to say I’m so proud of you, baby cousin. Your interior decorating business is doing well.”

“Thank you, and now with a client like Rasheed Vincent, I’m bound to get even more business. In fact, someone he referred called today. Jade is going to the appointment next week. But enough about me. I can’t believe you’re dating a famous NBA star! How does it feel?” Megan jumped up and down and screeched like a high school student. Bria sometimes had to remind herself that her cousin was only twenty-four, still somewhat wet behind the ears, and every little thing excited her.

“I honestly don’t see him as a famous anything. In Memphis, everyone is used to seeing him around. He’s a very down-to-earth guy, a little arrogant, but once you get to know him, he’s actually very humble.”

“Well, let me know when I need to buy another bridesmaid’s dress. You Arringtons seem to be falling in love and getting married these days.”

“Marriage isn’t on either of our minds right now. I just want to enjoy being with him.”

Jade approached them carrying two sets of handcuffs with fur around the cuff part. “Now, seeing how you’re dating a celebrity, you have to kick it up a notch. I’m not saying he’ll stray, but keep the spice going in the bedroom. These would be perfect. The headboard that is being delivered as we speak has the iron bars. The bed you picked out, may I remind you.” Jade tossed the handcuffs into Bria’s basket and walked away with a Cheshire cat smile as her cell phone beeped.

“Again I say, your friend.”

Megan laughed.

Bria glanced at the handcuffs in the basket. She had recently read an article about using handcuffs and a few other items that would definitely turn Rasheed on. In fact, the thought was turning her on too, reminding her of the lovemaking session in the shower that morning before he left. Too bad he was in Charlotte until the next day, but it would be a nice welcome home surprise. She made a mental note to find the article online again. Before she left the store, she found the rest of the items she needed with an approving nod from Jade and a smirk from Megan.

The next evening, she had everything ready for Rasheed’s surprise. She was wearing a red lacy thong and bra set with red heels. On the night stand were the peach massage oil and a bottle of champagne chilling in a bucket with two champagne glasses. In the nightstand drawer were the handcuffs and other items the article had suggested. The only light was from the fireplace.

Rasheed had called to inform her he was in the limo and would be home in ten minutes. She told him in a sexy voice to meet her in the bedroom. She laughed when she heard Rasheed tell the driver to “hurry the hell up.”

When the chime of the front door sounded, she poured a glass of champagne and lay across the bed on her stomach propped up on her elbows. The door to the bedroom opened.

“Welcome home, handsome,” she crooned.

“Damn,” Rasheed whispered as a wide smile stretched across his face. He dropped his overnight bag and trench coat to the floor and unloosened his tie as he walked toward the bed, discarding his suit coat in the process.

She sat up and handed him the champagne glass. He took a sip and handed the glass back to her. She took a sip, and then he downed the rest.

“Miss me, baby?” she asked, pulling him by his shirt to lie on top of her.

“Hell yes.” He captured her lips in a hard kiss, devouring her mouth. She wanted and missed him so bad while he was gone, she almost forgot she was supposed to be in control tonight, but he was just so damn sexy, she couldn’t help it, especially when he clenched her butt cheeks to pull her close to him and grinded his erection on her.

“You feel that, Bree? It’s so damn hard for you. How about we skip foreplay? I need to be inside of you right now.” He started to unbuckle his belt with one hand and pushed her panties to the side with the other hand. “I want it from the back. Turn over.”

“Wait, Rasheed. I have a surprise for you.”

A smile curled at his lips. “Oh really?”

“Yes. In fact, lie on your back.”

He stood up and ripped off his shirt, threw his shoes off and stepped out of his pants and boxers as if they were on fire. He lay in the middle of the bed with a big smile on his face and his erection standing straight up at attention.

“I love when you’re on top as well, especially backwards cowgirl, so I can see your fine ass slapping against me.”

“Trust me, you’re going to love this even more.”

She opened the drawer to the nightstand, pulled out the two sets of handcuffs and held them up for him to see as she straddled him. His eyes widened, and he took one from her.

“Shouldn’t you be on the bottom?” he asked, looking back at the iron bars on the bed.

“No, baby. They’re for you to wear.”

“Wait? What? Naw, girl.”

She leaned over and kissed him softly. “Do you trust me?” she whispered.

“Bria …”

“Trust me, just like I trust you.”

“Do you know where the keys are?”

“Under the pillow.” She reached back into the drawer and pulled out the blindfold and the earplugs.

“Well, aren’t you full of surprises. Okay, I get the blindfold, but earplugs? Pour me another glass of champagne.”

After he drank his second glass, she handcuffed him to the bed and placed the blindfold over his eyes.

*****

Rasheed exhaled as Bria placed the earplugs in his ear. He couldn’t hear, see, or reach out and grab her when he wanted to, but he had to admit, he was more comfortable than he thought he would be. The bed moved a tad as she lifted off of it. He could smell the sweet scent of the gardenia fragranced perfume she wore linger in the air, so she couldn’t have gone far. Then the scent of peaches hit his nose, and Bria straddled him once again. Warm oil touched his chest, and Bria’s hands began to massage his chest in a caressing, circular motion.

He sighed. He’d never felt so relaxed as her hands continued to massage his chest and abs as her hips gyrated on his groin. Her tongue flicked his ear and traveled down to his neck as she nibbled and bit his flesh.

“Damn, girl.” He tried to reach for her but was reminded that he was handcuffed to the bed when his wrists jerked against the cuffs.

Her hair brushed his chest as she continued her tongue journey to his nipples, teasing and licking them while her hand traced down to his erection that was hard as granite. She rubbed up and down on it, her hands warm from the peach massage oil.

“That’s right, baby. Go ahead and put it inside you.”

But she didn’t. Instead, her breasts grazed on his stomach as her body scooted down his. Her tongue was warm and wet against his chest and then glided toward his stomach and twirled around his belly button. He held his breath at the thought of where it was going to go next. Bria gave amazing blow jobs, and he trembled at the thought of her placing her mouth right where he wanted it.

The more she licked and teased, the more he wanted to rip the handcuffs off, turn her over, and bury himself inside her, filling her to the hilt. She was driving him insane, torturing him and sending electrifying shocks through his body. No woman had ever made him feel as alive as Bria had, and even though half his senses had been cut off, he could feel her desire for him through her sensual and tender kisses.

“That’s my baby!” he shouted so loud that he heard himself through the earplugs when she placed the tip of her tongue on the tip of his penis. She licked around the head and ran a finger gently down the shaft. Then the warmth of her mouth covered the entire head and slid down as far as she could until it touched the back of her throat.

“Dammit, Bree. You know I like to watch and run my fingers through your hair. I’m going to …” he stopped when a tremor from his body shook him like an earthquake. “Get you back.”

She continued to slide her mouth up and down over his hard erection, taking it far as she could before lifting it out of her mouth only to slide down again. Her hands palmed his sides as he began to thrust up to meet her mouth. He felt himself about to explode and wondered what the heck Bria would do. She wasn’t one to swallow.

“Baby, I’m about to come. Hard.”

He jerked, squirmed, and spilled into her mouth as she continued to suck him. He shouted out some curse words he couldn’t even hear. He felt Bria lift off of him and a hand reach under the pillow. She undid the handcuffs, removed the blindfold, and the earplugs.

“Hey, baby,” she said as she straddled his chest.

“Hey yourself.” He wrapped his hands around her waist. “You’re something else, you know that?”

She scooted down his body and rested her head on his chest. “I wanted to welcome you back home.”

Home. He’d honestly never thought about settling down and making a home with anyone since Terri up and left him. It was no longer in his plans, but lying with Bria and hearing the word “home” made perfect sense. He imagined walking through the front door with Bria in the kitchen—telling the chef what to cook, of course—and a couple of kids and a dog running toward him like Dino from The Flintstones. He smiled. He could definitely see himself spending the rest of his life with Bria.

“Really? You wanted to welcome me home?” He kissed and nuzzled her forehead.

“I missed you.”

“I think you just missed my penis.” He kissed her forehead again and ran a hand down her long hair that had spread in a wild, sexy way.

“Ha! That too. But seriously, did you enjoy yourself?”

“Yes, and as soon as I reenergize, you will too.”





Chapter Twelve



“Dr. Francis, thank you for seeing me on such short notice. I’d never had chest pains like that before and got worried.”

“No problem, Joe. I’m glad you came, but I’m extremely relieved that it’s just a little indigestion. Your cholesterol and blood pressure levels are where they need to be.”

“That’s good to know. With Kelly just finding out she’s pregnant, the last thing I need to hear is that I have heart problems. I want to be around to show my son how to play football or watch my daughter at her ballet recital.”

Dr. Francis smiled. He was pleased to know Joe’s wife was finally pregnant because they had tried for a few years.

“Congrats! Did Dr. Raven confirm everything or is it too early?”

“Yes, she did. Kelly was just here yesterday. She’s only about a month along. We’re so ecstatic. With the rounds of fertility treatments with Dr. Raven along with the acupuncture and other suggestions from Dr. Bria, Kelly was pregnant in no time.”

Dr. Francis was shocked to hear Bria’s name, but in a way he wasn’t for his daughter always found some way to offer her opinion on alternative methods.

Dr. Francis cleared his throat. “Which acupuncturist did Dr. Bria refer you to?”

Joe shook his head. “She did it herself every other Saturday here or sometimes at our home. Is she back from vacation? I would love to thank her. She really went out of her way for us. That’s one reason why we love Arrington Family Specialists. It’s rare to find doctors that go the extra mile the way you and your family have.”

Dr. Francis almost cursed but held it in. He’d deal with his daughters later. Instead, he put on a sincere smile for he was truly happy for Joe and his wife.

“Congrats, man,” he said, extending his hand to shake Joe’s. He walked Joe out to the waiting area. Dr. Francis checked Raven’s schedule, saw that she didn’t have any patients, and marched straight back to her office.

*****

Bria sat on a barstool in the oversized gourmet kitchen while Rasheed stirred his signature tomato sauce. She sipped red wine and swayed back and forth to the sounds of Corrine Bailey Rae. Bria’s month vacation was coming to an end in the next week. Taylor had offered her a position of her practice, but Bria didn’t know if she wanted it or not. She missed working with her parents and her siblings. If there was some way she could convince her father to meet her halfway that would be perfect. She thought about opening her own practice, but she enjoyed the camaraderie of working with her family.

She smiled as she watched Rasheed sauté the onions and bell peppers for the ground beef. He’d given the night off to the chef. They were supposed to go to dinner, but a rainstorm kept them in for the evening. She was glad she had one aspect of her life figured out. She had a man that cared for her and adored her. They hadn’t used the L word yet, and that was fine with her. She didn’t want to move too fast with Rasheed like she had with her ex-fiancé. They’d met and gotten engaged within the year. She blamed the stress of her residency and needed an outlet. She was almost relieved when he cheated and got someone else pregnant. He’d blamed it on the fact that she was always at the hospital and never had time for him. But deep down she knew she never loved him and loving the man who was in front of her made that fact even more of a reality.

“Baby, come taste my tomato sauce. I think it may need some more garlic.” Rasheed held out the spoon for her, and she hopped off of the stool to sample his sauce.

“This is superb. I’m glad one of us can cook.”

“Girl, I can’t wait to dig into the salad you made.” He pulled her close to him and started to slow dance. “You remember New Year’s Eve when we danced?”

“Yes.” She reached up on her tippy toes to kiss his lips but could only reach his chin. He bent down and met her lips.

“You remember how you were seducing me on the dance floor?”

“Of course.”

“Was that your plan all along?” he asked with a sly smile.

“No, but I wanted you that night, and I had to have you.” They kissed slow and deep, their tongues moving along with the music as well.

“Do you need to have me right now, because we can eat later?” He picked her up.

She looked over his shoulder at the stove. “Um … I really hate to stop you, but the sauce is boiling and some has splattered on the backsplash.”

They laughed, and he put her down to tend to his sauce. Her phone vibrated from the island. She smiled when she saw Raven’s pretty face on her screen.

“Hey big sis. Miss me?”

Raven let out a sigh. “I do, but that’s not why I’m calling.”

Bria could sense the seriousness in her tone. “What happened?”

“Daddy knows about our sessions with Kelly.”

Bria’s heart dropped. She wasn’t expecting Raven to say that.

“Wait!” She placed her hand over her heart and walked out of the kitchen to the family room and plopped down on the floor in front of the fireplace where she had laid out a blanket so she and Rasheed could eat dinner there. His couches hadn’t arrived yet, but she preferred to sit in front of the fireplace. “Are you sure? How is that possible?”

“Her husband Joe came by today for a check-up or something with Daddy and told Daddy that Kelly was pregnant.”

“Well, that’s good she finally got pregnant. She’s been trying for awhile.”

“Joe went on and on about how you and I were to be congratulated especially you because you did acupuncture treatments at the office on Saturdays.”

Bria sighed. She was going to eventually tell her father on her own if the results were positive. It never occurred to her that he may find out some other way.

“Bria, he’s livid. Mother and I told him to calm down before he calls you. Cannon and Sean have your back. We all do. Cannon tried to reason with Daddy, but he told us all to get out of his office. He had an emergency surgery this evening, so I don’t expect him to call you tonight. Just be prepared.”

“For what? His wrath?” Bria said sarcastically. She looked up and saw Rasheed standing above her with a glass of wine and a concerned expression. “Hold on, Rave. Daddy knows about the acupuncture treatments I’ve been doing,” she said to Rasheed. He sat behind her on the floor and pulled her close to him. His warm embrace always made her feel better.

“Are you still considering moving to Atlanta?”

“Honestly, I don’t want to. I love working with our family, but Daddy has to understand how I feel about alternative methods. I mean, we just witnessed firsthand that it can work.” She sipped her wine and snuggled closer to Rasheed. He kissed the top of her hair. She loved when he did that.

“I tried explaining that to him, but he ignored me and mumbled something about voodoo who doo.”

“Yes, I had that conversation with him before I left Memphis. Like Cannon said, Daddy is approaching seventy and doesn’t understand all of these new methods. Heck, I had to convince you at one point.”

“Well, I just wanted to pre-warn you before he calls. I’ll let you get back to Mr. Vincent.”

After Bria hung up and turned off her cell phone, she leaned back in Rasheed’s arms and stared at the roaring fire. They sat silently for a few moments rocking back and forth to the music in the background. Rasheed broke the silence first.

“What are you going to do?”

“I don’t know. I’d been contemplating telling Daddy myself. I know I don’t want to work for Taylor. Nothing against her or her wonderful practice, but being there these past few weeks made me realize how much I love working with my family at our practice. But now that Daddy has concrete evidence that I’ve been sneaking around behind his back and doing acupuncture, it changes things. I know he knew I would offer suggestions to patients but nothing past that. I don’t want him to think that he can’t trust me.”

She stopped as the tears flowed down her cheeks. Rasheed turned her toward him and wiped them away with the bottom of his shirt.

“Baby, don’t cry. Your Daddy loves and trusts you.”

“I just want to do what’s best for my patients. That’s why I’m a doctor. Heck, he’s the reason why. For as long as I can remember, he’s instilled in me and my siblings to work hard and find the best way to care for our patients. That’s what I’ve been doing. I took an oath.”

She sobbed in his chest as he rocked her back and forth, rubbing her back in circular motions and kissing her forehead.

“What can I do to make my baby feel better?” he asked. “You know I hate to see you upset. You’ve been stressing over this for as long as I’ve known you.”

She dried her tears on his shirt again and looked up at his concerned face. The sincerity in his voice made her smile.

“Is that a smile I see on my baby’s face?” He kissed her forehead. “You know I’m here for you to offer support and encouragement. If you want your own practice to do whatever you want, I’ll buy you one. Whatever it takes to make you happy, Bree.”

“Rasheed, while that’s very nice of you, you know I’d never take money from you. But you being here and saying such sweet things makes me feel better, baby. Plus, your spaghetti smells so good. Can I have some?”

“Coming right up, my dear.” He kissed her on the lips and headed off to the kitchen.

Bria grabbed her wine and decided to turn her cell phone back on. She wasn’t going to run from her father. Whatever he had to say, she would listen to him before telling him how she felt once again.

*****

Bria let the warm water cascade over her in the shower. She’d had a restless night thinking about her father and what she was going to do about either staying at the family’s practice and accepting the fact that she may not be able to incorporate alternative options or starting a small practice of her own. She had some money saved and maybe if her father bought her out, she could rent office space. She would never take money from Rasheed. That was completely out of the question.

She lathered up her hair and massaged the shampoo into her scalp for ten minutes. She rinsed it thoroughly, turned off the shower and dried off before adding conditioner to her hair and placing a plastic shower cap over it.

The ringing of her cell phone startled her because it was “Daddy” by Beyonce. Bria took a deep breath and swiped the phone off of the bathroom counter.

“Hello?” She tried to keep her voice steady and even but she heard a crack and hoped her father didn’t.

“Hello, Bria. We need to have a talk.” His voice was serious and direct.

“Okay.” She threw on her bathrobe and walked to the chaise lounge in the bedroom.

“I’m assuming Raven has informed you that I’m aware of the procedures you’ve been performing for Kelly Turner.”

“Yes, sir. I’ve spoken to Raven.”

“And you’re also aware that Mrs. Turner is pregnant.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Well, Mrs. Turner stopped by my office an hour ago to tell me how happy she is and that we’re all wonderful physicians, especially you. She said you’re patient, caring, and take your job seriously. She wants to continue to work with you throughout her pregnancy along with Raven, of course.”

“What did you tell her?” Bria braced herself for his answer.

“I told her that would be a good idea.”

Tears welled in her eyes. She couldn’t believe she’d heard her father correctly.

“Daddy … are you saying …”

“I’m saying you can incorporate alternative methods only to patients that would benefit or who even want to do an alternative method along with traditional medicine. That should still be your first route. However, we will go over the specifics when you return from your vacation, unless you’ve taken the job already with Dr. Banneker.”

“Oh my goodness, Daddy! You’ve just made my day, and no, I didn’t take the job with Dr. Banneker. I’d rather work with my family just like you want us to. I couldn’t imagine working anywhere else but next to my parents and siblings.”

“I know, precious. I couldn’t imagine you anywhere else but here either. You’re an Arrington, and we stick together. I have to go. I have a patient in five minutes. Enjoy the rest of your vacation, and I’ll see you soon.”

“Thank you, Daddy. I love you.”

“I love you, too.”

Bria twirled around the bedroom like a ballet dancer. She’d never been as happy during her career as a doctor as she was now, and she wanted to share it with the one man that she’d ever loved. She skipped out of the bedroom and down two flights of stairs to the workout room. When she got there, she heard Rasheed’s loud laughter coming from outside on the veranda. She thought it odd he was out there considering it was cold outside, but Rasheed definitely always worked up a sweat. However, going outside in the cold air wasn’t a good idea after a sweaty workout, and she strode over to the ajar French doors to tell him so, but what he said next made her stop dead in her tracks.

“Girl, you need to have everything laid out when I get there,” he said with a laugh. “I only have a small window of time and even though I don’t like to rush, I need to see everything that you have to offer.”

Bria put her hand over her heart as it thumped loudly in her chest.

“Huh huh. Well, how big are they?”

Silence.

“That big? Well, damn. I may need to come now.” He laughed out loud again, and her favorite laugh was making her sick to her stomach.

“So how much money are we talking?”

Oh my goodness! He’s talking to a prostitute. Stripper?

“Not bad. Money is no object. When I want something, I get it. I’m flying out late tonight to New York. I can’t wait until I get back. I need to see you before I go.”

Silence.

“Two or three? I think it’s safe to say I can handle more than that.”

Silence.

“This afternoon is perfect. I’ll see you then. Besos to you too,” he said opening the French door and walking inside. He jumped when he saw Bria.

“Besos? That means kisses in Spanish. When did you learn to speak Spanish?”

“Um … I took it in high school.”

“Really? So you could be an international player, Mr. Player Playa?”

“What’s wrong with you, and what’s up with the plastic shower cap?” he asked pointing to it.

“Don’t change the subject. I heard your conversation with the prostitute.”

“Prostitute? What are you talking about, and why were you eavesdropping?”

“I wasn’t eavesdropping. I came down here to tell you some important news, and you’re on the phone talking about ‘have everything laid out when you get there.’ What is she laying out? Lingerie for you to pick from so she can wear it or rather they can wear it since you can handle more than two or three at a time. And you are using condoms with those hoes? It doesn’t even matter. As a doctor I know I can still catch something. I guess if I lay down with a dog I may wake up with fleas.”

“Bria, what you heard was the tail end of a conversation with a business associate of mine. That’s it, baby.” He stepped closer to her, but she moved back.

“Business associate? Do I look like Raven delivered me last night?”

A confused expression crossed his face. “What?”

Bria sighed. Apparently, the Arrington family inside jokes and sayings were only understood by them.

“Oh. I get it, because Raven deliverys babies, and you’re really asking were you born last night.” He laughed.

“Rasheed, this isn’t funny. This is a serious matter. You’re cheating on me after a few weeks!” Tears rolled down her cheeks.

“Bree, wait. That’s not true, baby.”

His voice was so sincere and serious, that she almost believed him. Just like she believed her ex whenever he swore he wasn’t cheating on her. She shook her head. Rasheed had played her the entire time. “Well, than tell me the truth, Mr. International Player. What was the conversation really about?” She sat on the weight press bench and crossed her arms across her chest.

“I can’t tell you.”

“You can’t tell me? You just said it was a business associate.”

“Bria, just trust me and believe me when I say, I haven’t cheated on you at all. I couldn’t bring myself to hurt you like that. I’d leave you first. I love you too much to ever do that to you.”

“Love? You don’t love me. You can’t possibly love me. And to think I’d fallen in love with you. I swear there must be a sign on my forehead that says “I love dogs” because you’re the second one.”

He grabbed her up from the bench and pulled her to him.

“Will you listen to me!” he said with urgency in his tone. “I’m not cheating on you. That conversation isn’t what you think you heard, but I can’t tell you right now because it’s a surprise. Just trust me, baby. Please just trust me.”

“I see. So you haven’t cheated yet, but you’re going to this afternoon before you leave for New York.”

“Dammit, Bria. I know I haven’t had the best reputation in the world when it comes to women, but I’ve never been a cheater. A player, yes, but when I’m in a committed relationship, no.”

“So this business associate, who happens to be a woman, is just that, a business associate?” she asked sarcastically, yanking away from him.

“Yes.”

“Then why were you outside on the phone in the cold after working out?”

“My cell phone wasn’t getting a signal, and I stepped outside to make the call. I have nothing to hide from you.”

“Except the nature of the call which sounded pretty kinky to me.”

“You only heard half of a phone call, and you only heard my responses which I have to admit sounded suspect, but believe me, baby, they weren’t.”

“Rasheed, I want so bad to believe you. But after the stripper calling you, the cheerleader all in your personal space after the game and now … maybe I’m just being paranoid. But your lifestyle is so different than what I’m used to. I want so bad to believe you, I honestly do.”

He pulled her back in his arms and stooped down eye-level with her “I love you, Bria Arrington, and from what you just said a moment ago, you’ve fallen in love with me, too. Please, don’t throw away what we have over a conversation that isn’t what you think. Just trust me.”

Bria didn’t know what to believe. Her heart wanted to believe him, but her mind kept telling her to go pack her stuff and speed back to Memphis.

“Rasheed, you better be telling me the truth because if not …”

“Baby, I am. I love you. You’re the one for me, and I’m going to spend the rest of my life showing you just how much.” He kissed her tenderly. “You wanna join me in the sauna so we can make up?”

“Um … I’ll take a raincheck.” She pivoted toward the door. “I need to rinse my hair and then go meet with Megan and Jade to go over some material for the drapes for all of your downstairs rooms.”

“Okay. Whatever you decide. Say, what was the important news you wanted to share with me?” He jumped on the elliptical machine.

“Huh? Oh.” She had forgotten why she came downstairs in the first place, and now she was ready to rush out and be alone with her thoughts. “I spoke to my Dad. He’s okay with me incorporating naturopathic ways for my patients after learning about my patient’s pregnancy success.”

“Baby, that’s wonderful. So when are you going back to Memphis?”

“In a week.”

“Perfect. I’ll only be in New York for the game tomorrow night for a few days.”

“Do you want to have dinner tonight before you leave?”

“Oh, babe I can’t. Meeting with my producer, Jeff, before I leave. We need to go over some things.”

“Isn’t he going with you to New York?”

“Um … no. He’s got wedding stuff to do.”

She found that odd the producer of the show wouldn’t be there, but then again she didn’t know much about producing televisions shows either.

“All right. I’m going to go get ready to meet with Megan.”

“I’ll be up in about forty-five minutes.” He sped up the machine and wiped the sweat from his brow.

Perfect. I’ll be gone in about thirty minutes.

She raced up the three flights of stairs, rinsed her hair, and blow dried it halfway, especially at the roots since she was going be outside in the cold, threw on some slacks and a sweater and a newsboy cap. She grabbed a pea coat, her boots, and purse and headed down to the garage all in thirty minutes. She needed to get away, and she didn’t want to see Rasheed at the moment. She wanted to believe him and part of her did, but after their conversation she needed time away from him.





Chapter Thirteen



Bria sat in Megan’s conference room in her downtown Atlanta office going over material samples for drapes and duvets for Rasheed’s home. While everything was so beautiful, her heart was no longer in it. Why was she helping decorate a house that wasn’t even hers?

She sighed and tried to look interested in whatever Megan was explaining to her about the weight of the different fabrics and curtain rods, but Bria couldn’t get her mind off of the conversation she had earlier that morning with Rasheed. Plus, she found it odd the producer wasn’t going to New York, and Rasheed sure was in a hurry to ask her when she was returning to Memphis. She thought at one point he wanted her to take the job at the wellness center so she would be in the same city as him considering Sports Fanatic was based out of Atlanta. He would now be spending more months in Atlanta than in Memphis which was one reason why he wanted his home livable.

“Earth to Bria,” Megan sang and waved her hand in front of Bria’s eyes. “I asked you do you agree with my decision about the shutter blinds in the dining room and the kitchen or do you like the ascot valances better for the kitchen?”

“Oh. I’m sorry. My mind was somewhere else.”

Jade strutted in with Starbucks coffee and handed it out to Bria and Megan. “Girl, where? On the fine ex-basketball player you’re dating. If so, I don’t blame you.”

“Well, I was thinking about him, but not for the reasons you think.”

“Chile, what did he do?” Jade ran her hand through her that was cut like Halle Berry’s in the movie Boomerang.

Bria explained to them the conversation from that morning, and now she didn’t know what to do.

“If it were me, I’d say burn down his mansion Left Eye style, but only after Megan and I decorate it, and we get paid. However, I don’t want to see you go to jail, so scratch that idea.”

Megan shook her head at Jade. “Maybe he really was telling the truth.”

“I thought so too until I asked if he wanted to go to dinner this evening, but he has a business dinner with his producer before he leaves for New York later on tonight.”

“Where are they meeting for dinner?” Jade asked.

“I didn’t even ask. I can call and find out.”

“No. Then he’ll think you don’t trust him.” Jade grabbed her cell phone. “Give me a minute. I’ll find out.”

“How are you going to find out?” Megan asked.

“Don’t you know me by now? I have my connections. Wade Greene, the other sportscaster on Sports Fanatic, and I met about decorating his townhome in Decatur. He’s the client Rasheed referred to us. Anyway, Wade’s assistant, Becky, is friends with Rasheed’s Atlanta assistant. I’ve gotten in good with Becky, and I’ll just call her and have her ask. I’ll be right back.” Jade grabbed her cell phone and coffee and hurried out of the conference room.

“Can she really do that?” Bria questioned.

“She does it all the time. Ever since college, she’s had the connections and power to finagle to get what she needs. How do you think we got this great office space? It usually only works with men, but we’ll see.”

Ten minutes later, Jade pranced back in with a wide smile, sat back in her seat, and crossed her long legs.

“Ladies, never underestimate me and my power of persuasion. I just found out that Rasheed’s assistant made reservations for two at the Sundial Restaurant on top of the Westin for 5:00. So then I called and made reservations for three under my name for 5:30.”

“Jade, you want Bria to spy?” Megan asked.

“I wouldn’t call it spying. We have to eat, and we can eat anywhere we want to. Besides, Bria needs to know what’s going on with this brother before she gets hurt. I hope he was telling her the truth. He has her decorating mansions and what not, yet he has a place in Buckhead where he takes his honeys. Trust me, I know the game.”

“I hate to agree with Jade, but she’s right. I need to know what I’m getting myself into. We’ve haven’t been together long, so I can cut my losses and move on, but I’ve already fallen in love with him.”

Jade reached over and placed a comforting hand over Bria’s. “For your sake, honey, I hope he’s not cheating on you. I’ve never been in love and don’t plan to be anytime soon, but you seem as if you really love Rasheed, and I honestly think he loves you, too. If you don’t want to go to the Sundial, we don’t have to.”

“No, I need to go. I need to see with my own eyes if he’s been lying or not.”

For the rest of the afternoon, she pretended to look over the fabric swatches, but her heart was racing in anticipation. Rasheed had texted her that he loved her and would see her before he left for New York. She simply texted back “okay” and then turned off her cell phone.

*****

“This is absolutely beautiful.” Rasheed held up his mother’s bracelet. “You do beautiful work, Mrs. Harris.”

“Thank you,” the older lady smiled. “I knew your mother very well. I know she’d want her bracelet to be exquisite for the young lady you’re giving it to.”

Mrs. Harris set the bracelet back in the black leather case on the jewelry store’s glass counter. Rasheed admired it once more. The new diamond in the middle was flawless, flanked by the two new emeralds on either side. He decided since he’d taken the first diamond out to make an earring for himself, he would have the emeralds made into earrings for Brooklyn and give them to her for her upcoming birthday.

“Mrs. Harris, thank you for shutting down your store for me on such short notice today.”

“No problem. Anything for Elaine’s son and one of my best customers over the years. Now, you mentioned this morning that two or three carats were out of the question and you can handle much more. How about something between ten or twenty carats? I have a flawless yellow diamond around twenty carats.”

She pulled out a case from under the counter, unlocked the case, pulled out another case from it, and pushed in a computerized code.

“Damn, it takes all that to open that case?” he asked as he stared at about twenty diamond engagement rings.

“When most of these rings are worth well into the millions, yes. This case is usually locked in a special place with a security guard guarding it among other precious jewels.”

Rasheed glanced over to the two security guards that were flanked on either side of the door to the store. He nodded to them, and they didn’t budge.

“Where did you get them from, Buckingham Palace?”

“You were always a jokester, just like your father.” She took out a ring and held it up before placing it on her finger. “What about this one? It’s twenty carats for five million.”

“Whoa, sister. You gonna give me a heart attack. One of the reasons why I still have most of my millions is because I don’t spend them on extravagant things. Besides, she’s a doctor. That would be too big for her. Plus, she has small fingers. I was thinking about something around five carats.” He scanned the case and smiled when he saw a ring that reminded him of Bria. It was classy and cute like her. He pointed to it instead of touching it. He was scared Mrs. Harris would slap his wrist or the case would shock him with some type of laser because it didn’t recognize his finger.

“Very wise choice, young man.” She handed him the ring. “This is a five-carat, flawless princess cut diamond. It’s 1.5 million, and you did say money’s no object.”

He admired the ring. It was perfect for Bria. Not too small. Not too big. It was just right for her dainty finger.

“You’re right. When I want something I get it, and Bria deserves the best. I’ll take this one. Send the bill to my accountant. I’ll call him in a few to give him a heads up so he won’t have a heart attack.” He knew Derek would’ve wanted to be consulted first, but at the end of the day, it was Rasheed’s money that he also kept track of.

“Perfect. I’ll wrap everything up for you. Have a seat in the waiting area. I’ll have Christi bring you a glass of champagne.”

“Tell her to bring the whole damn bottle. I just spent my entire salary this year from Sports Fanatic, but it was worth every penny.”

Rasheed took out his cell phone to send Bria a text message. When he didn’t hear back within ten minutes, he decided to call her, but it went straight to voice mail. He left her a message.

“Hey, Bree. I’m having dinner at 5:00 with Jeff at the Sundial on top of the Westin hotel. He called earlier to tell me he’s bringing his fiancée, Cindy, you know, the cheerleader you saw me chatting with. Since she’s coming, you should come too. I just had the reservations changed to four people under Vincent. I can’t pick you up because I have an appointment at 3:00 that I’m headed to in a few. Can’t wait to see you, baby. I love you. Call me back.”

He clicked off with a huge smile. Everything was perfect. They would eat dinner with Jeff and Cindy and then once they left, they would head down to a suite he reserved for the evening at the Westin Hotel. He would present her with the bracelet and a plane ticket to fly to New York with him the next morning. At the game the following evening, he would pop the question during halftime.

He smiled as everything had been falling into place. He’d almost gotten caught that morning but was glad that Bria believed him and trusted him enough to know he would never do anything to make her beautiful smile leave her beautiful face. He loved her too much.

*****

Bria held her breath as she stood in the glass elevator of the Westin Hotel with Megan and Jade on either side of her. It was a little after 5:00, so she assumed Rasheed would already be there with Jeff, at least she hoped. She had decided if he was indeed there with Jeff, she would turn around and say nothing. If he was there with some woman, she didn’t know what she would do.

They stepped off of the elevator and into the lobby area of the Sundial. The hostess smiled as Jade gave her the information, and they were shown to their seats. Jade had already informed the hostess to seat them away from Mr. Vincent’s table but close enough to where they could still see him, just not the other way around.

As they sat down, Bria spotted him right away alone, sipping on a cocktail—probably rum and Coke—and looking at his cell phone. A few minutes went by, and he was talking on the phone and checking his Rolex but still alone. She started to breathe a little easy until he stood and hugged a woman and her heart dropped. It was that damn cheerleader from the game that he claimed was his producer’s fiancée.

A waiter interrupted her thoughts as he stood in front of her blocking her view from Rasheed and the cheerleader.

“We’re not ready yet,” Jade interjected before Bria was going to yell “move out the way.” “Just bring some waters, please.”

He nodded politely and walked away.

The ladies continued watching as Rasheed and the cheerleader talked and laughed like old friends. Their waiter came over, the girl said something, and they all laughed.

Bria felt her heart sinking and breaking, but she refused to cry.

“Bria, we can leave if you want to,” Megan suggested, reaching for her purse.

“No. I want to see everything so if he tries to lie and beg me to forgive him, I’ll know with my own eyes that he’s nothing but a dirty dog that can’t be trusted.”

Rasheed was doing most of the talking, probably laying on the charm and the lies. Whatever he was saying, he was excited about it, and his face was sort of glowing like a pregnant woman. Damn. Was he that happy to be with some young, bubbly cheerleader? Then his face lit up even more when he pulled a black velvet box out of his suit pocket, and slid it to her.

“Oh no he didn’t,” Jade said, with a slight neck roll.

The girl clapped, opened it, and pulled out a bracelet and held it in the air before putting it on, admiring it. A tear came to Bria’s eye when she realized whose bracelet it was or whose bracelet he said it was. She felt herself get weak in the knees and faint as the cheerleader oohed and ahhed over the gold clasp bracelet that he said belonged to his mother.

“We need to go,” Megan said.

“Wait a minute,” Jade said. “Bria, what do you want to do because I got your back.”

Bria was numb. She couldn’t think, breathe, or move. “That’s the bracelet he told me belonged to his mother, and she made him promise to give it to the woman he loved. But I see now that was one big lie. Because if that was the case, he would be giving it to me.”

Megan rubbed her back. “What do you want to do?”

“Girl, what are you going to do because I have things in the trunk of my car for situations like this, and I always carry something in my purse. Don’t let this pretty face and bougie attitude fool you. I grew up on the streets of Atlanta. I will and have cut a ho, and will do it again. Just let me know what you want to do.”

Bria whispered. “I want to leave.”

*****

Damn.

Rasheed checked his watch and his cell phone for the millionth time. It was almost 6:00, and he hadn’t heard from Bria at all. This wasn’t like her. Her cell phone was off and the voice mail box was now full with all of his messages. He kept looking toward the door thinking she would enter at any moment. Jeff had finally made it up to the restaurant after finding a parking space.

Rasheed sipped his second rum and Coke and tried to listen to Jeff about the upcoming game and the players who did and didn’t want to be interviewed. Rasheed wasn’t really concerned with that. He’d played with most of them at one point, so even the ones who didn’t want to be interviewed would speak to him.

But that wasn’t the reason for his discontent at the moment. He was wondering where the hell Bria was. The bracelet box was burning a hole in his right jacket pocket and the ring box was in the other. By 6:45, he figured she wasn’t coming. Jeff and Cindy had left at 6:30 and Rasheed followed at 7:00, racing to his home to see if she was there. She just had to be there. They had left each other on a good note that morning, he thought. Sure, she blew up about the phone call with Mrs. Harris, but he couldn’t tell Bria the nature of the call. It would’ve ruined the surprise.

When he pulled into the driveway, he pushed the garage button praying to see her Lexus SUV, but it wasn’t there. All kinds of questions ran through his mind as he ran through the house upstairs to the bedroom. Maybe she was out with Taylor or Megan. Maybe she was at the Sundial looking for him, and he’d somehow missed her.

Everything looked normal in the bedroom. The bed was made, the drapes were closed, but when he looked at the nightstand on her side of the bed, her Kindle Fire wasn’t sitting there. His heart stopped for a second, and he took a deep breath as he walked into the bathroom and saw all of the toiletries from her vanity were gone. He opened the door to her closet, and it was bare except for a piece of paper sitting on the island in the middle of the closet with a Tiffany box on top of it.

He grabbed the paper and sat down on the floor to read it as his legs went weak from the crippling of his heart.

Rasheed,

I can’t do this any longer. I’m going back to Memphis tonight. Please don’t try to contact me. Just let me move on.

Bria

He balled it up and threw it across the closet. He opened the Tiffany box and saw the necklace he’d given her for Christmas when they were just friends. When everything was cool between them. When she was his best friend. When she was the one person he trusted to tell everything to. He couldn’t figure out what the hell he’d done wrong.

He looked at his keys sitting on the floor next to him, and then he looked at his watch. He grabbed his cell phone as his adrenaline rushed through his veins, and he called his main assistant.

“Emma, I need you to be the personal assistant of the year,” he said to his assistant based in Memphis. She’d been with him for over ten years. She was a sweet lady that reminded him of his mother.

“What can I do for you, Mr. Vincent?”

“I need a private jet ASAP to take me from Atlanta to Memphis. I need to be on it within the next hour. It’s an emergency.”

“I’ll call you back in a few.”

While he waited, he tried calling Bria again but an automated computer voice kept telling him the voice mail box was full.

“Dammit!”

When his cell phone rang fifteen minutes later, he prayed it was Bria, but it was Emma.

“Mr. Vincent, there will be a helicopter arriving at your home in about twenty minutes to take you to a private air field. I also arranged for a car to take you wherever you need to go once you arrive in Memphis.”

“Perfect, I’m going to go downstairs and wait now. Thank you, Emma.”

Bria meant everything to him, and he wasn’t giving up without fighting for the woman he loved.





Chapter Fourteen



Bria drove and cried along the interstate to Birmingham, Alabama. She had about five more hours before she made it home to Memphis. After she returned to Rasheed’s home, she threw all of her clothes into her suitcases, and what she couldn’t fit in them, she threw into the backseat of her SUV.

She reached for her cell phone from her purse on the passenger seat to call Raven, but it wouldn’t turn on it. She plugged it into the car charger, but it wouldn’t even charge. She’d been having problems with it for the past few months, and now the battery had officially died. She slowed down and leaned over to the glove compartment to grab her emergency phone that her patients called her on. A few condom packs fell out, and she was painfully reminded of the time she and Rasheed had pulled over on the side of the rode to have sex on the way to Atlanta. Was that his way of smoothing things over? After the stripper called, he wanted to have sex. This morning after he lied and told her the girl on the phone was a business associate, he wanted to have sex. Why couldn’t she see through his player ways?

“Hey, baby sis,” Raven said when she answered. “Why are you calling from your work phone?”

“Because my personal cell phone has died. Anyway, I’m on my way back to Memphis.”

“Right now? Is Rasheed with you?”

“I’m driving through Alabama now, and hell no that bastard isn’t with me,” she yelled with tears running down her face. She grabbed another Kleenex. “I never want to see that lying bastard ever again.” She proceeded to tell Raven what happened at the Sundial.

“He actually gave that bracelet to some other chick? Hold on, let me call Shelbi on three-way.”

“I can’t believe this has happened,” Shelbi said after Bria told her everything. “I’m so surprised. Justin said the other day how much Rasheed was in love with you. I can’t believe he would cheat on you and give his mother’s bracelet to someone else.”

“Well, I saw it with my own eyes.”

“Maybe, he was just letting her see it,” Shelbi suggested.

“Nope. She was very excited. She put it on and held it in the air to admire it. He just sat there grinning ear to ear.” She pushed the cruise control button so she wouldn’t go over sixty-five. The last thing she needed was a speeding ticket.

“Are you going to confront him?” Raven asked.

“Nope. I never want to hear from him again. I wrote him a note not to contact me, but I’m sure he’ll be fine. He has his cheerleader now. I’m just one less woman to worry about.”

Shelbi sighed. “I just can’t believe this is happening. Oh wait. I have to go. I’m being paged. I’m at the hospital until midnight. I’ll call you back.” Shelbi had just started her residency at the hospital two weeks before.

“Bria, I can stay on the phone with you until you get back to Memphis, and then you can come straight here if you need to. I have wine in the fridge and Shelbi gets off at midnight. Justin is out of town so she doesn’t have to go straight home.”

“Thank you, Raven, but I really just want to go home and crawl into my bed. I’ll come get Mr. Hamster tomorrow or the next day. I’ll call you when I arrive home.”

“Okay, baby sis. I’m so sorry this is happening to you. I really wanted Rasheed to be the one for you. Everyone should be with the one they love.”

Bria heard a tremble in her sister’s voice, and she knew Raven was thinking about her deceased husband.

“Thank you for being here for me. I’m going to concentrate on the road. I’ll call you back if need be.”

Five hours later, Bria pulled into her assigned space in the garage underneath her apartment building. She was exhausted mentally, physically, and spiritually, but glad to be home. She rested her head on the steering wheel and exhaled. She couldn’t believe she was back in this place again where she’d been two years ago with her ex-fiancé. But this time was different. This time she’d lost a man that actually understood her and was compatible with her in every way. This time she’d lost a man that she was actually in love with, and it hurt more than she thought possible. Her heart had been trampled over by a herd of elephants led by Rasheed through an open field and each elephant had a different scantily clad woman on top of it laughing and pointing at her.

She decided to grab two of her rolling suitcases for now and come back in the morning for the rest. She just wanted to climb into bed and cry herself to sleep.

Ten minutes later, Bria stood outside of her door and stopped. She could hear her television on as she placed the key in the deadbolt, but she ended up locking it.

Great. I thought I had turned off the TV and locked the top lock. Was I that excited about going to Atlanta?

She unlocked the top lock and then the bottom lock which was locked. She pushed the door open and turned around to roll her suitcases into the foyer. She closed the door, locked it and threw her keys and purse on the foyer table. She left the suitcases where they were and proceeded to walk to the living area to turn off the television.

“What the hell are you doing here?” she screamed out in shock at the man seated on her couch and drinking a beer as if he lived there.

“I should be asking you the same question,” Rasheed said calmly.

“Put my house key on the coffee table and get out.” She pointed to the front door.

He turned off the television and walked over to stand in her personal space. “Not until you explain to me how you can avoid me all day and then pack your belongings and drive all the way back to Memphis. I deserve some type of explanation and not that crass note you wrote either.” He shouted so loud she hoped her neighbors didn’t hear.

“You deserve nothing from me, you lying, cheating dog.”

“What are you talking about? For the last time, I haven’t cheated or lied to you,” he yelled.

“Bastard, please. First the stripper called, and I guess the only reason why you didn’t hook up with her is because I was in the car and could hear the conversation. Then I actually fell for the way you smoothed things over by having sex on the side of the road. Then that cheerleader you lied about. Jeff’s fiancée. Boy, please. Fiancée my foot. Don’t think I don’t know who she really is.”

“Did you get any of my messages today?” he asked.

“I got a text from you after I left this morning saying ‘I love you.’ Humph! You don’t love me. You only love yourself.”

“Did you listen to any of the voice mails I left today?”

“No. After your text message, I turned off the phone. Besides, why would I want to listen to a bunch of lies from a cheating dog?”

“So, on the six almost seven hour drive back to Memphis, you never once turned on your cell phone?”

“I tried to but it’s dead. It won’t charge anymore. I used my emergency phone for work to call Raven and Shelbi to tell them what a lying cheat you are. Now will you please just get out before I call the police.”

He sat back down on the couch and ran his hands over his face.

She walked toward the foyer to grab her working cell phone. She couldn’t believe he just sat down frustrated. She was the one frustrated. She was the victim. When she returned he was still on the couch but now his elbows were on his knees with his hands crossed under his chin.

“What are you doing? Trying to think of more lies to tell me? There is nothing you can say that I will believe. Now please leave.”

She was surprised when he spoke in a calm tone, yet it seemed like he was forcing himself to speak that way. “Bria, what makes you think I don’t love you? That I’ve cheated and lied to you? I’m not him, Bree. I’m not.” He stood and pulled her by the waist to him so tightly she couldn’t even squirm to get away from him. “I’m not him, dammit!” he shouted.

She looked up at him and could feel the tears in the corners of her eyes about to drop and her heart breaking even more for when she looked at him she saw the man she loved even though she hated him at the moment.

“I … saw … you.” The first set of tears rolled down her face. “At the Sundial.”

“Wait. You did come to the Sundial?” he asked in a confused manner.

“Yes. You lied and said you were having dinner with Jeff but …”

“Bria …”

“You had dinner with that cheerleader that you claimed was Jeff’s fiancée,” she said in between the tears. “And you gave her the bracelet. Now, will you let me go and get out? Please just go!” she screamed trying to push him away with the palms of her hands, but he barely budged and didn’t let up on his hold of her.

“Bria, she wanted to see the bracelet, that’s all, and if you would’ve stayed longer, you would’ve seen Jeff arrive. He was parking the car.”

“You just love to lie. You know damn well you gave that girl the bracelet.”

He let go of her and walked to an overnight bag that she hadn’t realized was on the other side of the couch. He pulled a long, black velvet box out and opened it. It was the clasp bracelet.

“You mean this bracelet?”

She was speechless for a moment. It looked like the one she saw on his mantle except now it had a diamond in the middle and the emeralds looked different.

“So, you give all your women the same bracelet and lie about it being your mother’s?”

He was silent for a moment and stepped back, closing the velvet box.

“Bria, now I’ve been patient with you, but there’s one thing I don’t tolerate and that’s saying I’m lying when it pertains to my mother.”

She sat down on the couch and leaned her head back on the cushion. She was confused, tired, and frustrated.

“Here,” he held out his cell phone. “Call your dead cell phone. The battery may have died but the voice mail messages should still be there. It’s all computerized. I left you the first message at around 2:30 this afternoon.”

“Rasheed, I’m tired. Please just go.”

“Not until you listen to my voice mails.” He placed the phone in her hand. “I’ve already dialed your number and put it on speakerphone.”

“Fine.” She took the phone from him and put in her pass code when the computerized voice said her mailbox was full. She had a few messages from the day before that she hadn’t listened to but skipped over them. When the computerized voice said Rasheed’s cell phone number and the time of the call was 2:34, she got her mind focused to listen to the first lie.

“Hey, Bree. I’m having dinner at 5:00 with Jeff at the Sundial on top of the Westin Hotel. He called earlier to tell me he’s bringing his fiancée, Cindy, you know the cheerleader you saw me chatting with. Since she’s coming, you should come too. I just had the reservations changed to four under Vincent. I can’t pick you up because I have an appointment at 3:00 that I’m headed to in a few. Can’t wait to see you, baby. I love you. Call me back.”

She looked at him in shock and felt her heart sink. Oh no. Had he been telling the truth all along?

The next message was at 4:30.

“Bria, I’m headed to the Sundial Restaurant. I haven’t heard from you and I’m a little worried. I hope you can make it. If you can’t, please call me.”

The next message was at 5:16.

“Hey girl, I’m here at the restaurant. No one has showed up yet. Oh wait. Cindy just walked in. I hope to see you soon.”

The next message was at 6:00.

“I guess you aren’t coming. I really wish you could’ve. I wanted you to meet Cindy and Jeff. Cindy wanted to talk to you about some alternative methods for female issues.”

Bria could hear Jeff and Cindy saying ‘hi, Bria’ in the background. She handed the phone back to Rasheed.

“I don’t need to hear anymore, Rasheed.” She was so scared to say anything else.

“Listen to the next message.” He handed the phone back to her.

“I’m not flying out to New York tonight. Instead, I booked us a room at the Westin and then I would love for you to fly with me to New York in the morning. I have something special in store for you. Love you.”

She turned off the phone and handed it back to him. He stood there looking at her for a moment, and the silence between them was so thick it couldn’t even be cut with a chainsaw. She was at a loss for words and was so scared to open her mouth, even though she didn’t seem to have a problem earlier when she was accusing him of lying and cheating.

He sat down in the chair opposite the couch and leaned forward to the coffee table to take a swig of his beer.

“Bria, I’m confused with one thing,” he said, looking straight at her with such a scowl on his face that it scared her. “How did you know to come to the Sundial if you never received my messages?” He crossed his arms over his chest, and she felt like a student sitting in the principal’s office.

She briefly told him about Jade getting the information.

“I see. So if you had stayed and spied on me longer then you would’ve seen Cindy take the bracelet off and me placing it back into my pocket. Then you would’ve seen Jeff arrive moments later and giving Cindy a big wet one.”

“Rasheed … I’m so sorry of accusing you of cheating and lying to me.” The tears started again. “It’s just my ex put me through so much. At first, I would believe him when he said he was being faithful, but he had a girlfriend on the side the entire time we were together. The girl was even calling me telling me they had been together, and I just didn’t believe it. I didn’t want to believe it. He would tell me so sincerely how much he loved me and that he would never hurt me, but right before we were to be married, he finally told me the truth because the girl was pregnant.”

Rasheed moved from the chair and sat next to Bria on the couch. He pulled her into his warm embrace and held her close to him.

“Do you still love him?” he asked.

“No. I don’t think I ever did.” She looked up at Rasheed, praying he would forgive her rants from earlier. “The man I love is you. Rasheed, I’m so sorry I accused you of such horrible things. I just didn’t know what to think. I started to notice similar patterns with the phone calls and the secrecy. I just don’t want another relationship like that.”

He grabbed her and sat her on his lap. “Listen to me, Bree. I know my past is questionable, but I haven’t always been a player. After Terri left me because she wanted to be with a basketball player that actually played and had more money than me, or so she thought, I just didn’t trust that women wanted to be with me. I couldn’t tell who was genuine and who just wanted to be with me because of my bank account. But I met you, and you don’t care about that. You haven’t asked for money, expensive shoes or purses, or some fabulous trip abroad. But more importantly, I fell in love with you, Bree, and baby, I promise you that you can trust me just like I trust you with my heart.”

Tears rolled down her face as he kissed them away. “You forgive me for going off on you earlier and for spying on you?”

“I forgive you, Bree.”

“Can we go make up?” she asked.

He chuckled. “Are you trying to smooth things over with sex?”

“Um … yes.” She laughed.

“Perfect, but first, I have something for you.” He lifted her off of his lap and reached over to the coffee table to grab the black velvet box. “This is for you.” He opened the box and pulled out the bracelet and placed it on her wrist. “Bria, this bracelet is very special to me because my father gave it to my mother on their wedding day. I wear the original diamond in my ear, and I had the emeralds removed to make earrings for Brooklyn last week. When you heard me on the phone, I was speaking with Mrs. Harris about coming to pick up the bracelet. She owns an upscale jewelry store in Atlanta and has been my personal jeweler for years.”

“It’s beautiful and I promise to cherish it forever.” She placed her hands on either side of his face. “I love you, Rasheed, and trust you with all my heart. I promise to never doubt you again.”

“And I promise to never make your beautiful smile leave your beautiful face.” He kissed her tenderly on the lips and then released her with a sigh. He reached over to his overnight bag and grabbed another black velvet box except this one was smaller.

Her eyes widened and her heart thumped hard against her chest as he got down on one knee in front of her. A surprised cry rushed from her throat, and the tears welled up in her eyes again.

“Bria, I love you, and I want to spend my life with you.” He opened the ring box. “Will you marry me?”

“Yes. I would love to marry you.”

He slipped the ring on her finger and then kissed it.

“I do believe this is the finger that started it all,” he said, kissing her finger in the location where the pin stuck her on Shelbi’s wedding day. “And it’s still finger-licking good, and now I get to do what I wanted to do the day of the wedding.” He lifted her up in his arms.

“And what’s that?”

“Make love to the most beautiful woman I’ve ever laid my eyes on.”





Epilogue



Dr. Francis tapped his fork on his wine glass to get everyone’s attention in the dining room of the Arrington family home. All eyes settled on him around the table as he held up his wine glass.

“I just want to say that I am very glad we are all here celebrating Christmas Eve as well as Shelbi and Justin’s one year wedding anniversary. A lot has happened this year. Shelbi began her residency in January and Bria and Rasheed got married this summer. I’ve gained two sons-in-laws within a year and that is truly a blessing. I’m also glad that Darla and I have decided to semi-retire and give the reins over to Cannon and Raven who I know will run the practice as if I’m still there.” He touched his glass with Cannon’s who was on his right and everyone else followed suit before taking a sip.

Raven gave Bria a puzzled look as she took a sip from her water glass. “Why are you toasting with water? You love red wine.” Raven nodded toward Bria’s full wine glass.

Bria glanced at Rasheed who smiled and kissed her on her forehead.

“Well, you of all people should know, Raven, that it’s not a good idea to drink while expecting.” Bria smiled and patted her stomach.

“Oh my goodness! Why didn’t you tell me?” Raven asked.

“I’m going to be an auntie!” Shelbi exclaimed jumping out of her seat and hugging Bria.

Her mother walked over and gave her a hug. The men all shook Rasheed’s hand and gave him pats on the back.

“How far along are you?” Dr. Darla asked.

“Two months, Mother. We hadn’t planned on having a baby so soon after getting married but …”

Raven cut her off. “You two are always doing it like rabbits, so I’m not surprised. So, who’s your ObGyn?”

“You, of course.”

“Just checking. Come in next week for your first check up.”

“Yes, Dr. Raven.”

Cannon walked over to give Bria a hug. “And of course, I’m my nephew’s or niece’s pediatrician?”

“Yes, big brother.” She kissed him on the cheek.

Sean cleared his throat. “Of course, as the child gets older and you drive him crazy, he can come see me. I’ll throw in the family discount.”

“Sean, be quiet,” Raven said.

“Mom, Dad, you’re going to be grandparents. How does it feel?” Bria asked.

Dr. Darla wiped the tears from her eyes. “I’m so excited. I think I should just fully retire when the baby arrives. You’ll need my help,” she said hugging her daughter again.

“Now, Darla, we aren’t fully retiring until after Shelbi is done with her residency,” Dr. Francis said, kissing his wife on the cheek.

“Dad, Raven and I can hold down the fort if you two really want to retire,” Cannon said.

“Yeah, Dad,” Raven began. “You’ve been grooming Cannon and me since we first started working at the practice to eventually run it. Just think about it.”

“We’ll discuss it later,” Dr. Francis answered. “Right now, I want to celebrate my youngest daughter’s wedding anniversary and the fact that I’m going to be a grandfather. Plus, Cannon is going off tomorrow to help open another clinic in a village in Brazil. Son, I’m so proud of you and all you’ve contributed to the medical field.”

“Thank you, Father. You know I truly enjoy doing so. It’s a rough situation in some parts of the world. I just want to do my part to help.”

Bria smiled at her big brother. He was always lending a hand and helping others. She just wished he would take time for himself and relax, but he was always on the go. Unfortunately, that’s how he lost the love of his life years ago by taking on too many responsibilities and neglecting his relationship.

After dinner, the family did their traditional opening of one gift and sang Christmas carols around the Christmas tree while sipping eggnog.

Later on that night, Bria and Rasheed lay in front of their fireplace in their bedroom. He rested his head on her stomach as she rubbed his bald head tenderly. She was happy with her life at the present. A loving husband, a baby on the way, and a very prosperous year at the family’s practice. Because she was now incorporating naturopathic medicine, it drew in more patients who wanted an alternative method.

“What are you thinking about, Bree?”

“You and the baby. I’ve never been so happy in my entire life than I am at this moment, and I have you to thank.”

“Why, you’re welcome, my dear. I guess my game of seduction worked because I knew when I first saw you, you would be my wife. I love you, Bree.”

“I love you, Rasheed.”

The End





About the Author



Candace Shaw is the author of fun, flirty and sexy African-American contemporary romance novels. She is a PRO member of Romance Writers of America and Georgia Romance Writers. She is also a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.



When Candace is not writing or researching information for a book, she’s reading, window shopping, gardening, listening to music or spending time with her loving husband and their loyal, over-protective weimaraner, Ali. She is currently working on the next novel in the Arrington Family Series.



Feel free to drop her line at Candace.Shaw@aol.com or visit her website at http://CandaceShaw.net



*****



Arrington Family Series

Cooking Up Love: May 2012. Available as an ebook and in paperback

The Game of Seduction: August 2012

Only One for Me: Coming 2013





Chapter One of Cooking Up Love



“This is so delicious. Do you think they’ll let me have another one?” Shelbi Arrington asked the waitress at Chow Bella’s Italian Restaurant after she took the last bite of the tiramisu, savoring every sweet, sinful taste of the delectable dessert her hips needed to stay away from.

The waitress gave a sneaky look around the restaurant, then leaned over and whispered to Shelbi, “I’ll see what I can do.” She winked and hurried to the kitchen.

Satisfied with the response, Shelbi placed the to-go bag, which held the rest of her uneaten lunch, on the chair next to her purse. She had a habit of leaving her doggie bags and made an effort to remember this one. Her uneaten portion would serve as lunch tomorrow. She took out her iPhone and typed a few notes before tossing it back into her purse.

Shelbi rested her elbows on the checkered red-and-white tablecloth, making mental notes of the patrons and the decor. A few wrinkled their noses, one couple called a waiter over in disgust, and a group of businessmen checked their watches as they waited for the check. A party of eight in the corner booth was being serenaded with “Happy Birthday” by the waiters. Her favorite scene was of a small boy talking louder than anyone else, yet his parents still conversed and neglected to quiet him. The customers seated near gave the couple frosty stares, but they never noticed.

The waitress returned with a small bag, which she set on the table along with the check. She winked, and Shelbi winked back. She eased the smaller bag into the larger plastic one and tied the handles into a tight knot.

“Ms. Arrington, here’s the check. Your lunch is on the house, but the manager thought you may want it in case you need the information for your article.”

“Thank you very much, Lizzie.” Shelbi took the slip of paper from the black leather receipt holder.

“You’re quite welcome, Ms. Arrington. I feel honored to have served a famous food critic,” Lizzie said before leaving to serve another customer.

Shelbi laughed. As a contributing food critic for Food for Thought with The Memphis Tribune, she was nowhere near famous. Some of her articles were featured in the newspaper and on their website. Plus, she had a large number of followers on her personal blog, Food Passions, which she started during her undergrad years at Spelman, but she wasn’t famous.

She pulled her last five-dollar bill from her wallet, as well as all of the quarters at the bottom, and placed the money on the table.

Checking her watch, she had five minutes to dash to the next trolley that would take her home to her loft apartment at Central Station. There, she could kick off her heels, sip a latte, and eat the other tiramisu—sure to go straight to her hips—and type the article on the Italian restaurant and the other one from a few days ago.

Once at the trolley stop, Shelbi realized she had given all of her quarters to Lizzie. She dug around her purse for some loose change or a dollar, but all she found were eight pennies, her checkbook, and a half-eaten bag of Skittles. It was a fifteen-block walk from the trolley stop to her loft. She’d made the trip several times in tennis shoes with her jogging partner, but never in her sister’s Christian Louboutins and a dress.

The red trolley stopped in front of her, and the door slid open. Unfortunately, it wasn’t the trolley driver who had a crush on her and gave her free rides whether she had money or not. She hoped the driver would have pity on her.

“Good afternoon…um…”—she glanced at his nametag—“Mike. It seems I have given all of my change as a tip to the waitress a few minutes ago. All I have are these few…” She stopped to hold out her hand. “Pennies.”

The driver tilted his head to the side and looked down at her hand. “All you gave the waitress was some change?” he asked in a harsh tone.

Stunned at his remark, as well as embarrassed at the line of people behind her groaning impatiently, Shelbi didn’t know what to say or do. She checked her wallet, hoping she had a dollar hidden somewhere.

“Move it, lady!” a man behind her shouted.

“Hurry up!” a lady with a crying baby screamed.

“I have a slice of tiramisu you can have,” Shelbi whispered. “Never mind.” She turned to go before she said something rude, or worse, cried from embarrassment.

“I’ll take care of it,” a deep, concerned voice to her left said. A whiff of intoxicating cologne floated by as the considerate stranger dropped a one-dollar bill into the trolley’s money slot.

“Thank you.” Shelbi looked up to see a chiseled, handsome face and a sexy smile that caused her breathing to stop. When their eyes met, an immediate rush of sensual excitement washed over her skin. She glanced at his hand that had just placed the money in the slot. No wedding ring, but it didn’t mean he was single. A man as chivalrous as him probably had women chasing him all over Memphis.

“No problem.” He placed his hand at the small of her back. “Let’s go sit down.” The warmth in his voice and his kind gesture made Shelbi forget about her embarrassing moment.

While on their walk, Shelbi assessed his at least six-foot-one muscular frame, curly yet wild black hair, and a fair complexion with a slight tan as if he had just come from the beach. He wore jeans with a rust-colored corduroy jacket and a cream T-shirt, perfect for the first day of fall.

Shelbi was used to the take-charge kind of guy thanks to her dad and her two overprotective brothers. However, the way the stranger glanced down at her, giving her a comforting smile, made her heart skip a beat or two and was anything but brotherly.

Once settled in their seats, Shelbi turned toward him and once again was blown away by his strikingly handsome face. Her breathing unsteady, she tried to concentrate on the woman holding a baby the next seat over. Instead, her eyes were drawn to the good-looking stranger with dark, thick eyebrows and a neatly trimmed mustache with a slight beard growing in. He was sinfully delicious. If he were dessert, she would’ve devoured him right then and there.

“Thank you so much for paying my fare. Where are you getting off? I can pay you back.”

He chuckled. “Baby, its only one dollar, but did I hear you say you have a slice of tiramisu?” He pointed toward the to-go bag in her lap.

“Why yes, I do, and you’re more than welcome to have it.”

“I’m teasing, but it’s nice to know you were willing to give it to me.”

Their eyes locked on his last four words. A heat wave rushed over her at the thought of giving it to him. Shocked at her thoughts about a stranger, she tried to stay focused.

“Well, you saved me from walking fifteen blocks in five-inch heels.” Laughing, she stretched one leg for him to see the heels on her shoes—well, her sister’s shoes.

“Hmmm…very nice…um, shoes,” the gentleman said followed by a wink and a slight biting of his bottom lip.

Shelbi raised her eyebrow as she caught his curious eyes perusing her toned legs before they settled on her face.

“So what’s your name?”

“Shelbi Arrington. And yours?

“Justin Richardson.”

“Nice to meet you, Mr. Richardson.”

She froze when their legs brushed as the trolley turned a corner, unleashing goose bumps all over her skin. She pretended to look out the window to hide the heat she felt rising in her face. She’d experienced these types of emotions before, but never within a five-minute time frame. In a few more moments, she would be at home, even though she really wanted to ride the trolley all afternoon with the handsome Mr. Richardson.

“I haven’t seen you on the trolley before. Are you new to the area?” he asked, studying her face carefully.

“I just moved downtown about four months ago. Before then, I lived in Nashville.”

“What brings you to Memphis?”

“I accepted a job at The Memphis Tribune as one of the food critics for Food for Thought.”

His thick, dark eyebrows rose slightly. “You’re a food critic? Critique any good restaurants lately?”

“As a matter of fact, I have. I went to Chow Bella’s for lunch today, and a few days ago, Lillian’s for dinner.”

He nodded. “So, did you like Lillian’s?”

“I can’t answer your question. You’ll have to buy a newspaper or go online to read my article on next Thursday,” she said, smiling at him.

“Witty and beautiful. I like that. But I’m sure there’s something you did or didn’t like about Lillian’s.”

Shelbi hesitated for a moment. She really didn’t want to tell a complete stranger, even though he did just rescue her from embarrassment and sore feet.

“Well, I was quite impressed with the atmosphere, and the food was delicious overall.”

“Overall? What was wrong?”

“Nothing really. A few things could’ve been better. The barbecue sauce tasted a little bland, even though it’s supposed to be the chef’s special recipe. It seemed store-bought, and they don’t serve pork, but this is Memphis, for crying out loud. Where’s the pig?”

“Um…well, maybe the chef wants to try a healthier angle. Pork isn’t good for your system. It isn’t easy for the body to digest.”

“I’ll remember your tip the next time I cook bacon.”

“So…” He stopped midsentence as Shelbi stood.

“This is my stop,” she said disappointedly.

“Too bad. I really enjoyed talking to you.”

“Me too. Thank you so much again for paying my fare.” She stepped off the trolley and hesitantly glanced over her shoulder to see the fine-looking man one more time.

*****

Justin watched Shelbi saunter toward Central Station, a historic apartment building through which the Amtrak train ran. He strained his neck as far as possible as the trolley pulled away to steal a last glimpse of her lethal honey-coated body. Her red wrap-around dress revealed curvy hips, a plump bottom, and a small waist he wanted to wrap his hands around. She seemed refined, yet down-to-earth, with a naturally sexy air. He wanted to know more about the food critic whose sweet perfume still lingered in the atmosphere, making him high. A grin crossed his face as he remembered her flirty smile and the way she moved her shoulder-length brown hair behind her ear, making her little button nose even more adorable. He couldn’t think of a time during his thirty-two years when he had met a woman like her before.

When he’d noticed her flushed, embarrassed face on the trolley, his protective side emerged. With music playing through his iPod, he hadn’t realized there was a commotion until he looked up to see the cute side profile of a frustrated woman. He’d taken out his earbuds and heard her pleading with the driver about a tiramisu. The mean rants from the passengers outside of the trolley angered him and prompted him to help her. Unfortunately, he didn’t get a chance to ask for her number.

While sitting with Shelbi, he’d missed his stop off of Beale Street, but it didn’t matter. He was the boss, who was supposed to be on vacation, but surprising his employees and making sure the restaurant ran smoothly was on his agenda. He’d visited some friends in Pensacola Beach, Florida, for a few days, but now it was time to get back to work.

Moments later, Justin strode casually into his restaurant’s front door, which should’ve been locked. It was four o’clock, so the restaurant was closed, preparing for the Friday dinner crowd at five o’clock. Normally, the servers would be setting their tables for the evening, but they were already immaculately set, which meant the waiters were in the locker room, chatting and playing around, but he didn’t mind. They were hard workers who had helped his restaurant become a fine establishment.

Gold brocade toppers adorned black tablecloths under glass overlays and silverware rolled in gold napkins. Wineglasses and a candle in the middle elegantly finished the inviting table scene. The hardwood floors, original to the old building he renovated, shone brilliantly, and he smiled at the beauty of the main dining area. The brick walls rose two stories, ornamented with abstract pieces from local artists. The upstairs dining area was usually reserved for private parties or overflow on Friday and Saturday nights. The chandeliers shined brightly on him like a spotlight.

Even though Lillian’s Dinner and Blues Club was a year old, he still had to pinch himself as a reminder—his dream was now a reality. A master chef, he had worked in gourmet restaurants around the United States and other countries over the past ten years, investing most of his money to open his restaurant in his hometown of Memphis.

Using his and his late mother’s recipes, he turned Lillian’s into a premier spot on Beale Street. He prepared Memphis Southern soul food, barbecue, and healthy gourmet dishes.

He sighed and gazed around his restaurant again as he remembered his mother’s beautiful, warm smile and caring nature. She would’ve loved the decor and been pleased at the way he kept everything elegant and neat.

“I know you’re smiling down on me, Mama.”

“Um…excuse me, sir,” a familiar male voice with a hint of sarcasm said behind him.

Justin turned to face his general manager and best friend, Rasheed Vincent.

“Back so soon, Jay?” Rasheed walked to the immense bar stocked with just about any liquor a patron would request. He sat on one of the barstools, and Justin joined him one barstool down.

“Looking good in here, Rasheed.” Justin nodded his head and gazed around the restaurant. “I was expecting chaos.”

“Man, you know I run a tight ship around here.”

Justin chuckled and looked around once more. “Well, the fire department didn’t call me, so I guess everything is fine.”

“You know it is, man. Stop sweating. Have I ever disappointed you?” Rasheed’s cell phone buzzed. He looked at the display and laid the unanswered cell phone on the bar.

“Well, I could think of a few…”

“Naw. Don’t answer that question.”

Justin nodded approvingly at his friend. “So, I’m impressed the dining room is ready. Where’s Brooklyn?”

“Oh, she’ll be out in a sec. Had to take care of some business or something.”

“Really? And why is the main door unlocked? It shouldn’t be unlocked until ten minutes till opening.”

“Damn, man. I didn’t realize…” Rasheed looked guilty as he walked toward the double glass doors.

“I already locked it, but please make sure it’s locked in the future. If Brooklyn were here, it wouldn’t be a big problem, but she’s not. She knows it’s Friday. Where is she, Rasheed?”

“Man, I don’t know exactly. Somewhere in the back.”

Justin didn’t want to become frustrated with his best friend, but when he hired Rasheed’s sister for the head hostess position a few months ago, he expected nothing but professionalism. He walked behind the bar and pulled a bottle of water from the mini-fridge below.

“Going to my office.” Justin untwisted the cap and gulped a deep swig of the chilled water.

“Are you hanging tonight?”

“Yep. I may stick around for a while and do some work on my barbecue sauces for the competition.” Justin couldn’t believe the food critic told him his sauce was bland and tasted store-bought. It was his mother’s recipe. He’d changed it slightly over the years and was working on a few others as well.

“Man, I’m excited about the Pride of Tennessee Barbecue Sauce Competition! This could really put us on the map! I can’t believe they are upping the ante this year!”

“That’s why I have to win.” Justin leaned on the bar. “Just think, the grand prize will be a southeastern distribution contract, not just the state of Tennessee like last year. Glad I waited to enter this year’s competition.”

“Jay, you’re going to win. I mean, who wouldn’t like your sauce?”

Justin laughed sarcastically in his head. Well, apparently a sexy little food critic didn’t care for it. But what does she know?

“Say, were you here when a food critic from The Memphis Tribune stopped by a few nights ago for a surprise visit?”

A wide, devilish smile formed across his friend’s lips, which meant he was definitely present and had probably flirted with Shelbi.

“Yeah, man. Sexy little caramel-coated babe with hips…” Rasheed stopped to demonstrate with his hands exactly how wide Shelbi’s hips were.

A sudden tinge of jealously crept into Justin’s being at his friend’s description of Shelbi. He was surprised, considering he’d only just met her, but for some reason he didn’t want anyone else to think about her the way he did. Sassy. Witty. Cute. He wanted her all to himself, which surprised him even further. Though he had neglected to ask for her number, he was sure he could call the Tribune and ask for her.

“What did she order, and did she enjoy it?” Of all the times for him to be on vacation, a food critic made a surprise visit, and a sexy one at that.

“How did you know a food—”

“Don’t worry about that. Did you greet her? Offer her an appetizer or two, drinks from the bar, dessert? What entrée did she have, and who prepared it?”

“Slow down with the twenty-one questions, man. The copy of the receipt is on your desk. Anthony prepared her dinner.”

“Did she say anything?”

“Naw, man. She just typed some notes into her cell phone and took most of her food to go. I was the perfect gentleman in your absence.”

“You asked for her number, didn’t you?” Justin dreaded the answer.

Rasheed Vincent was a ladies’ man. Female customers always scoped out the bald mocha Adonis, hoping he would give them the time of day. An ex–professional basketball player, he had more women calling and texting him than Wilt Chamberlain claimed to have slept with. If Rasheed were a rock star, women would literally throw their panties at him, and he would happily catch each pair.

“Nope. Not my type.”

Good. Justin breathed a sigh of relief. He would hate to challenge his boy to a duel.

Justin was anxious to get back to his office to see the receipt, not because of the amount, but to know which of his recipes had touched her lips. He was disappointed he hadn’t been in town to make the meal himself. He would love to cook for her, watching her pouty, kissable lips taste a dish he prepared. Maybe she wouldn’t be so critical about his barbecue sauce and he could go into greater detail as to why he didn’t serve pork.

“Was she alone?” he asked with a tight feeling in his chest. A woman as fine and intelligent as her probably had a man. Lucky fellow to have all those damn hips to hold on to.

“A distinguished-looking dude was with her, but I don’t think they were a couple. He was too busy checking out all of the honeys, stealing my action.”

“What’s up, fellas?” The men turned to see their other best friend and restaurant manager, Derek Martin, stroll in. He joined them at the bar. “Just came back from the cardiologist.”

“Are you all right, man?” Rasheed inquired with a concerned face.

“I’m good. That’s why I go often, to make sure my blood pressure and cholesterol levels stay low. You know heart disease runs in my family, and yours too, Justin. You may want to go for an exam soon.”

“I’ll pass.” Justin turned to go. He had work to do.

Derek chuckled in a sarcastic way. “Exactly, you will pass if you don’t know you have a problem until it’s too late.”

“Derek, let’s not start this conversation again.”

“Man, I know you despise doctors, but…”

“Look, your mother didn’t die at the hands of a surgeon who didn’t try hard enough to revive her. Doctors don’t care whether or not a patient dies. So no thank you, but I’m glad to know you’re doing well.”

“No problem, Jay. I just want to make sure my boys are healthy. You know we’ve had each other’s back forever. You guys are like my brothers.”

Justin had promised his childhood friends when he was finally able to open his Lillian’s, they would be a part of it. Rasheed, the general manager as well as a part owner, and Derek, the business and financial manager, were the only people he trusted to help run his restaurant.

Once in his office, Justin noticed a business card paper-clipped on top of a receipt lying on his desk. He picked it up and was elated to see whose name was on it. The card was light pink with bold burgundy writing and Shelbi F. Arrington typed in a cursive font, but most importantly, it had her cell phone number. He turned it over and read a note, not so neatly scribbled: Have your executive chef call me soon for an interview.





