Cover





STRANDED!





Title





By Pepper Pace





Copyright





© 2011 by Pepper Pace. All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of Pepper Pace





Dedication





Dedicated to my father, James Roberts, whose voice I have never forgotten.





Table of Contents


Cover



Title





Copyright





Dedication





~Prologue~





~About the Author~





~Prologue~





Marshall climbed onto the plane gripping a small overnight bag and briefcase nervously. His damn boss and all of his secrets was becoming too much for Marshall. Instead of taking an airline home from the Caymans, he had to book a private plane. Since his boss wanted everything off the grid, the pilot was some suspicious looking character straight out of a low budget drug run movie.



Despite all of that, Marshall wasn't so comfortable with flying that he enjoyed two-plus hours pitching, jerking, and feeling as if the damned plane was going to come apart at the seams. It only made it marginally better that there was a pretty woman already strapped into one of the few seats. She had a magazine opened but seemed preoccupied, maybe a bit sad.



She spared him the briefest look before turning back to her own thoughts. His nod of greeting went unnoticed, so with a shrug he stowed his belongings and sat across the aisle from the woman.



Oceans was her name. Sometimes people thought it was a nickname, or maybe a last name, but no, she was named Oceans by her Daddy because as a baby she had been wet, loud and well...one of the true wonders of the world.



Thinking about Daddy still caused her sadness. He'd only been gone two weeks and her life seemed like a big empty expanse before her. She'd devoted the last three years of her life to taking care of him when his Alzheimer's disease progressed to the point where he could no longer take care of himself. Oceans was leaving Kingston, Jamaica for the first time in three years.



Events were supposed to have gone in a totally different direction. It was supposed to be just a short trip to Jamaica to secure her sick father's possessions, sale his small home and to bring him back to the states where she'd lived almost all of her life. But it had become pretty obvious that Dad was not leaving Jamaica. He had his routine which kept him grounded. When it was disrupted, he became a little lost child. Daddy needed to take his morning walk along the ocean front in the morning. It was essential that he walk to the outdoor market in the afternoon and chat with his old friends. And at night he had to sit on his porch and watch the moon and the stars before going off to bed.



Oceans had no choice but to move into the little spare room and to call Kingston her home. She'd quit her job at a local telemarketing firm, sold her few possessions and then she had to break it off with her boyfriend Franklin—no big loss there. They'd been together for six years and he hadn't thought twice about marrying her. He seemed to think that she was his hole when he wanted to fuck, his maid when he needed his underwear washed, and sometimes his punching bag when he was angry.



Oceans pursed her pretty full lips as she noted the man that had just boarded the plane. He was a tall, good looking, and obviously rich businessman. His expensive suit and briefcase gave him away. He seemed too young for such a suit; he couldn't have been older than thirty. He screamed 'privilege' with his neatly cut brown hair and Armani suit. Oceans turned away, not wishing to see his eyes appraise her worn and old sundress, the flip flops that donned her feet and the way she had carelessly pulled her short curls back to be held by a cheap, plastic band. Oceans wasn't poor, but she wasn't rich either. She just hadn't cared about things like fashion while looking after her Dad.



The pilot pulled himself up into the plane after Mr. Businessman. His name was Geddes. He was a weathered Aussie with long grey hair and matching steely grey eyes. Tall and thin with a perpetual cigar shoved between his lips; he also had a great smile.



"Okay, mates. Strap up, we'll be flying for approximately three hours and then I'll need to make a fuel stop in Cay Lobos. There'll be time for you two to stretch your legs and such." With a quick slap of his hands, Geddes directed the remainder of his speech to Marshall. "Mr. Cohen the lifejackets are along that wall—which I've already explained to Miss Delano. The weather's been choppy so I'm going to suggest that you stay in your seat and belted." Geddes good-naturedly saluted them and then disappeared behind a small door.



Marshall got as comfortable as he could in the small seat. It definitely wasn't made for a broad shouldered 6'2" male. His mood had soured once Geddes announced the choppy ride. He reached into his briefcase for a pill to calm his nerves. He'd gotten a prescription once he found out that his boss had expected him to personally make the trip to the Cayman Island in order to deposit money into an account free of the prying eyes of the American Government. As the engines began, Marshall squeezed the armrest and closed his eyes. Soon they were in the air and after a few moments Marshall drifted off to sleep.





~DAY 1~



Someone was shaking his shoulders, but all Marshall wanted to do was roll over in his bed and pull the covers over his head. He grumbled and tried to rollover before feeling the resistance of the seatbelt. Marshall dragged himself back up to awareness from his drug induced sleep. Everything was moving and trembling while a pretty black woman had gripped his lapels and was shaking him with a strength that seemed at odds with her small form.



"Wake up!" She was wearing a bright orange life preserver and holding another one clutched in her arms. Marshall lurched up in his seat looking around frantically. The woman was yelling but it was so loud, that he could barely hear her. "Put it on! Hurry!" She thrust the preserver at him and then buckled herself in the seat next to him.



Marshall felt as if he was on a rollercoaster ride. But he didn't let go of the life preserver. "What the hell is happening?!" He screamed.



Oceans' eyes were two black saucers. She gripped the armrest. "Geddes, the pilot—he said the engine is failing!"



The blood drained from Marshall's face. He quickly pulled the preserver over his head but had to unsnap the seatbelt in order to put it on completely. As soon as he was no longer belted in, Marshall's body was thrown violently against the adjacent seat. The woman reached out with both hands and gripped him. If not for her, he would have hit the ceiling next. As the plane flipped, the items stowed on the small plane began to fly about, hitting the seats and dangerously close to hitting them.



"My god..." he thought, “We're crashing!" Using all of his strength, Marshall pulled himself back into his seat and the woman helped him to buckle himself into it. "GEDDES?!" he screamed, once his body was fairly stable in his seat. But there was no answer. Marshall chanced a look out the window and he wasn't sure exactly what he was seeing; the water was in the air and the sky was on the bottom of everything...



The woman next to him began screaming as she realized that they were spiraling down to the ocean below.



***



His cheek was burning as if someone had thrown acid onto his face. "What...?" The sound of his own voice was like gravel—felt like gravel too. Everything sounded muffled and his body was one huge ACHE. Marshall opened his eyes slowly but they burned from the brightness of the sun. He coughed and his chest and ribs hurt. Suddenly salty, briny water came sputtering from his mouth and nose.



For a moment, he thought he would drown in his own fluids but then he pushed himself off the damp sand and out of a puddle of water. He coughed one last time and spit up blood tinged phlegm. Marshall squinted and looked around. He was on a beach. He pulled himself up to his feet noting that he no longer wore shoes and had only one sock. His jacket was torn so he pulled it off and tied it around his waist. "Hey!" He called and then immediately began coughing. His lungs felt like someone had shoved burning embers down his throat. There was debris on the shore and floating in the water. But he didn't see any other person. Where was Geddes and the lady from the plane?



He didn't know why, but he began running until he was waist high in the water. "Hey!" He called again. Marshall began swimming amidst the debris, searching for a form, cringing at the idea that he might come upon a bloated corpse...



"Mr. Cohen!" Marshall could hear the faint call of his name. His ears were still hearing things muffled and were unsure of where the call was coming from. He searched until he saw the sight of a form on the beach. "Mr. Cohen!" She called again. It was the woman from the plane. Feeling immense relief, Marshall swam back to shore. He was exhausted but the woman caught him before he fell on his face.



"You're alive...." he was panting.



"Mr. Cohen, you hit your head- you're hurt." She helped him lay on the cold wet sand.



"Where's Geddes?"



"I don't know." Oceans sat down beside him. Her legs were pulled up to her chin and she was rocking slowly. Her pretty brown eyes were wide and frantic in her head. Marshall saw her waver in and out as his eyes began to close.



"No! Don't Mr. Cohen...Pleassssse-" But Marshall was already unconscious.



***



Oceans had dragged everything in sight onto the beach. It had taken all of her strength to bring the items far enough onto shore to avoid the incoming tide. Some things were simply just too heavy for her and she regretfully watched them float out to sea. She looked at the man periodically. He had hit his head and had been knocked unconscious while still on the plane. It was Oceans that had unstrapped them both after the impact.



The crash had been so huge that it sounded and felt like a building had crashed in around them. Her body had whipped against the restraints of the seatbelt, causing painful whelps to instantly form across her shoulders. Oceans' breath was knocked from her chest and just as she thought she'd surely black out due to lack of oxygen, her body took over and a ragged breath was dragged into her lungs. Water was filling the cabin and the cold shock of it revived her quickly enough.



There was a frantic few moments when her seatbelt jammed and she didn't think she'd get out, but with another jerk onto the release button she was free. The water was to her knees, then to her waist, so she knew that she only had moments before it would be to her chest and then her neck....



Standing on legs that almost buckled, she jerked the seatbelt off the unconscious passenger. Blood was pouring liberally from the top of his head where his own briefcase had fallen from the overhead carriage and smashed into his skull. Limply, the man fell out of his seat and his dead weight was almost too much for Oceans. She was tall, at 5'10 and strong, due to lifting her ill father for so many years. If not for that, Oceans would have had to leave the man floating in the cabin of the plane.



Instead she used the water to tow him, thankful that he was wearing the life jacket. She headed to the front of the plane where the thick metal door was now broken from its hinges and lying cocked off to the side. The water was at her head by the time she swam out the opened door towing her charge after her, only seconds from being sucked under by the undertow.



Geddes had apparently been heading for a small island because Oceans could clearly see the tree line. Two miles? She sobbed, already exhausted. Her body was numb from the cold and in so much pain...



***



They needed shelter. The sun was setting and she had no idea how to make fire. She'd checked the man's pockets and he didn't have a lighter. It was going to be dark and she'd already heard the sounds of movement off in the dense woods. They would probably be eaten once night fell, but she'd done what she could. She just hoped the man would wake up because she just couldn't do it all alone.



Using metal and fiberglass sheeting that had flown off the small plane, Oceans formed a lean-to. It was flimsy and if it got windy it would probably fly away, but it would keep them underneath something more solid then the eyes of any passing predator. She didn't have time to go through everything that she had dragged onto shore, but had found jagged metal that she then fashioned into several make-shift shanks of varying size.



Once the lean-to was finished, the sky became orange and purple--yet still mostly orange; she went back and checked on Mr. Cohen again. She had stopped the flow of blood. The gash wasn't so bad but head wounds do tend to bleed a lot and she didn't know what was going on beneath the cut. He could have a concussion, swelling of the brain... All she could do was clean it with the ocean water and pray that it would kill any bacteria.



Oceans hooked her hands under the man's arms and proceeded to drag him up the slight embankment to where she'd chosen to build the lean-to. He was dead weight and her body was sore and bruised. Grunting, she finally got him laid out comfortably on top of his torn jacket. She found one corner to lay her head down on and as she gripped her little shank, Oceans watched the orange and purple sky turn mostly purple. She was asleep within seconds.



***



Marshall gasped and sat up with a jolt. He bumped his sore head on top of something hard and reached up blindly. Then he realized that he was under a makeshift lean-to. The world was pitch black except for the soft glow of the moon and the reflection of it off the water. He looked around, ignoring his sore neck and shoulders and the sharp pain in his head. The woman from before was sleeping and the steady sound of her breathing helped to calm his panic. He waited for a long time, listening to the strange sounds outside. He wondered why he thought a night on the beach would be quiet...it was loud and strange.



Marshall had little choice but to get out of the makeshift lodging and to release the pressure that had built up in his bladder. He walked some distance but did not want to get too close to the tree line. The forest looked like it was a perfect hiding place for some predator. As he searched for the perfect place to piss, he marveled at the things that were littering the shore and wondered if the girl had been responsible for bringing them up. She'd worked hard, all by herself.



He began to scratch at the salt that had dried onto his skin, plastering his now dry clothing to his body. He unzipped himself and urinated a great stream against a nearby rock.



Marshall stood there for a long moment, penis in hand, skin crawling with salt and cold. "We're stranded." He finally said.



***



Oceans awoke alone in the lean-to. The sun was bright and the air was hot, and she was so thirsty. She sat up quickly and looked around. She was still holding the shank. Where was the man, Mr. Cohen? Oceans hurried out of the lean-to and immediately spotted the man examining something that had been dragged to shore the day before. He looked at her and sat back on his haunches as she walked over to him.



"Hi."



"Hi." She responded shyly. He'd unbuttoned his shirt and it lay loose about his shoulders, a white wife beater beneath it. His expensive slacks were rolled to his knees.



"Did you find all of this stuff?" He asked, squinting his eyes against the sun. They were a pretty hazel and Oceans thought that he looked much different with his messy hair and stubble on his cheeks. She noted one of those cheeks was scraped pretty good, but other than that he didn't appear any worse for wear. She nodded in response to his question.



"Any sign of Geddes?"



Oceans hesitated. "I didn't see the pilot after he announced the engine failing. But...I did hear a hatch open in the cockpit. I think he bailed after auto piloting us to this island."



Marshall gave her a long look, his mouth hanging open. He couldn't seem to form words. "He-he...you think he parachuted out of the plane and left us to crash?" Oceans nodded once. Marshall looked out at the expanse of ocean.



"Well he's shark meat now." He whispered. He took a deep breath and turned back to the woman. "I'm sorry." He stood and held out his hand. "I'm Marshall. Marshall Cohen."



She took the offered hand. "Oceans Delano." She was impressed that he didn't ask about the name.



"Well Oceans, I was looking at the things we have here and more things washed up this morning. He reached over for a heavy suitcase. "Is this yours?"



Oceans jumped. It was her suitcase. "Oh thank the lord!"



Marshall appraised the pretty lady as she dropped to the sand to drag the zipper across the vinyl material. She was tall, not what he'd call fat but she did have a nice rounded form. Her short hair was a curly cap over her head and her brown skin was the color of caramel. She wore a thin dress with straps and it was torn at the seams in areas. He could see that she wore black panties and bra. Ashamed he looked away from the sight of her underwear.



"I'm sorry, I opened that, but when I saw the ladies things I closed it back, figuring it was yours." She glanced at him and smiled. Then she happily began laying her clothing out on rocks to dry. Touching the items in her suitcase made her feel at home. But she avoided thinking about it. She didn't want to face what she already suspected as true.



He watched with interest. "You wouldn't happen to have a steak dinner, salad and a slice of pie al-a-mode in there would you?" He joked.



Her belly tumbled at those words. "No...sorry."



"We're going to need fresh water and food, and soon."



Oceans and Marshall each grabbed a man-made shank. He worried because he had no shoes and he left the one lone nylon sock back at the camp. He was grim as he thought about the place they'd slept as 'the camp.' He was so thirsty and hungry as he walked through the dense foliage; he had no idea what he was looking for or what leaves and plants were edible.



Oceans was an island girl at heart even if the majority of her life had been spent in the states. When Marshall saw bananas in a tree he was so excited, until she warned him that they would be completely inedible unless they were ripe enough to fall to the ground—the same with most of the fruit--so between searching for water, they searched for fallen fruit. Before long they found mangos, plenty for each of them! The sticky sweet fruit helped to slay their thirst for awhile, but now they were bait for insects!



Oceans knew that water could be found in all kinds of plant life. She wished for a machete just to get through the dense foliage. But this was all a good sign. She looked at Marshall who was slapping at gnats and scratching away ants that had dropped onto him. The flies were miserable for the both of them, but at least she was able to ignore them for the most part—not true for poor Marshall.



"Fresh water is in abundance on this island. Look at all of this green!"



"Well where the hell is it?" The soft curl of his lip let her know that he wasn't completely exasperated.



"This is a pretty big island and I heard animals, so there has to be fresh water that's accessible to us..."



"I guess we could always follow the sound of the animals." He said with a worried raise of his brow. He was a city boy after-all. And he really didn't want to run into any animals in order to find water.



"Birds!" And they both looked into the air at the same time. Birds would take them to fresh water!



With that settled, the two made their best attempts to follow the birds...not as easy as it sounds. It was midday before they finally began to hear the welcomed gurgling sound that let them know that they were nearing a large body of water. Practically running, they finally came upon a small lagoon surrounded by large black rock and a waterfall to one side.



Marshall had never been so relieved in all of his life! One day without water had been torture. The salt from the sea and the heat of the Caribbean sun had taken its toll on him. But Oceans appeared so graceful. Besides the cracking of her lips, she showed no signs of having the same desperate need for water that he did.





They both kneeled on the banks and took a tentative taste of the cool water, expecting the worse. It was the sweetest thing that Marshall had ever tasted! After drinking their fill, Marshall went around to the waterfall.



"Careful..." Oceans called worriedly. She didn't want to be on this island alone or having to care for a person with a broken leg.



"I will." He called back. The waterfall wasn't so strong or high that he had fear of being washed away, so he stepped under the flow shivering in delight. "Oceans! This is amazing!" The attacking insects instantly disappeared, along with the stickiness from his fruity meal. Now it seemed that the cool water also washed away much of the stress from the last day. He let it beat the last residue of blood from his head and closed his eyes to enjoy the natural massage to his sore muscles. He took off his button down shirt and tossed it onto the bank, leaving only his wife beater and slacks.



The look of joy on Marshall's face was convincing enough and Oceans hurried to join him. Tentatively, she stepped from the bank to the large rocks beneath the falls. Instantly the cold water lowered her body temperature and she felt invigorated. Oceans began laughing as she swept back her water slick hair.



For one brief moment, Marshall and Oceans forgot that they were stranded on a deserted island in the Caribbean as they enjoyed the feel of the cool water splashing down on their exhausted bodies.



There was plenty of fruit around the lagoon: mangoes, bananas, coconuts and other things that Oceans pointed out as edible. They stuffed themselves and then lay contented on the bank as they thought about their next move. Reality suddenly returned to them in a frightening rush.



Marshal gnawed his lip and thought of a way to bring up the unpleasant topic of being stranded. He sat up slowly and met Oceans' eyes. But hers were dark and bright, confirming that the same thought was already there. "Someone should be looking for us."



Oceans watched him hopefully. "Do you have people that will search for you?" Because she sure didn't. The only person she had was now buried these last two weeks...



"Yeah. My boss sent me down here for business. He knows exactly where I'm supposed to be! And Geddes had to make a flight plan...so..."



But they both knew that Geddes had special clientele that didn't always want their destination to be documented. It's why Oceans had been able to get a flight out with him so cheaply. He was known for flying a paying customer almost anywhere they wanted and without the big ticket price of an airline. She wondered why Marshall would be flying with someone like that.



"So," she continued. "If someone is coming for us, our best bet is to stay on the beach."



"Right...only the fresh water is miles from the beach."



"Well this is only one source. There's got to be plenty more."



Marshall was nodding. "So we go out searching until we find a more convenient water source."



"Or until we're rescued."



"Right," he responded quickly. "If we had something large enough then we could carry water back..."



"On LOST they had water bottles." Oceans said distantly.



"Yeah. Lots of water bottles." A fucking endless supply of them. "And a hatch filled with food."



Oceans looked at him seriously. "Let’s not talk about LOST." That show and present topic gave her a serious case of the creeps.



He smiled. "Agreed." Again she was struck by how good-looking he was out of all the rich-boy pampering.



Not able to think of any successful way to carry water back, they just headed back to the beach. It was a long and arduous trek but they kept it interesting by talking about general things. Marshall explained that he was an accountant in New York and was down in the Caribbean on business. He had no wife or children, but did have a dog being watched by an ex.



Oceans explained about her father's illness and how it had caused her extended stay in the Caribbean. But actually, she was a Midwest girl having been raised in Ohio. Her mother had passed away when she was just 16 and after she'd gone off to college her dad announced his plans to move back 'home'. She was very close to her Dad but did not want to relocate to the Islands so she had stayed in the States; away from her security blanket and not always making the best choices in her life or in her relationships. The latter of information she left out of her story and kept to herself.



Marshall sensed the sadness on the young woman. "I'm sorry about your father, Oceans." She smiled at him and they each continued in thoughtful silence.



***



It was Marshall's idea to take a different route to the beach in hopes of finding another water source, and it paid off. After about three hours of walking, they heard the gurgling of water and stumbled upon a small stream. Its source was the rocky hills that towered above. The stream was so narrow that they couldn't follow it with their eyes as it became lost in the denseness of the foliage.



"Shall we follow it?" Marshall asked. Oceans was really tired but there were plenty of hours of sunlight.



"I think so. Um...I have to..." She gestured to the foliage and looked a bit embarrassed,



but the sound of the water was really making her have to relieve herself.



He followed her pointing finger. "Oh. Okay. Be careful." He looked a bit worried but stayed put while she walked a ways into the greenery. When she was out of sight,



Marshall became worried.



"You still there Oceans?"



"Yeah. Nothings grabbed me yet." She was thinking about the black floating fog from LOST...



While she was gone, he found that he had to pee as well. He turned his back and unzipped himself, peeing long and with much satisfaction.



Afterwards, they both drank from the stream finding it just as delicious as the water from the lagoon. They followed it for a few miles since it led back into the direction that they were going but soon it began to veer deeper into the forest and away from the beach, so they made the decision to make a sharp turn and just head directly to the beach and try to find landmarks that would allow them to find the stream easily.



It was a good plan. They broke from the dense forest after only 15 or 20 minutes and though they weren't on the same part of the beach that they'd washed up on, it had great rock formations that would serve as an easy marker to find the stream again and all they had to do was to walk along the beach until they reached 'camp.'



This walk was much harder in that the sun beat down on them relentlessly away from the cover of trees. Water would be good. That was almost laughable, but they each carried several coconuts and mangoes which they planned to eat later in the evening.



Luckily their camp was only another hours walk away from where they had exited the forest. Marshall and Oceans both had the same thought that they'd move their camp further up the beach and closer to where they had broken through from the forest. Then water would then only be 15 minutes away!



When they reached the little lean-to, Marshall spread his jacket out as Oceans had done the night before but Oceans had something better. She hurried over to her belongings that were sunning on rocks and fetched a small afghan that looked like it was handmade. After spreading it out over a bed of banana leaves that Oceans had used to shield them from the sand, they both collapsed in exhaustion. Neither found it strange that they were half asleep only inches from each other. But it seemed right.



***



Marshall's had not intended to sleep so deeply but his body needed the rest and when he woke the sun was low in the sky and darkness was beginning its slow approach. He craned his neck searching because Oceans wasn't there beside him. Marshall stood and his body almost rejected his attempts at movement. He almost went lurching to the sand before his muscles finally unclenched and allowed him to stand.



Ignoring the need to stretch, he looked around trying to catch any movement. Where was she? "Oceans?" He called. Maybe she needed to pee again. He sure did. Marshall frowned, what if some animal got a hold of her while she was off. She shouldn't just leave without telling him. Maybe he'd bring that up. Now he was very worried.



Marshall saw the many tracks in the sand and decided that one set seemed to lead in a direction that he hadn't remembered heading before. "Oceans?" He called louder while following the tracks. He hadn't forgotten to pick up his shank, just in case. He couldn't follow the tracks very far because they soon led into the forest. "Oceans!" He yelled.



"Marshall?" He heard faintly. Her voice held a funny quality and a jolt of fear shot through him, sending his heart beat spiking. Shit! She'd fallen or something, maybe broken her leg on one of the rocks!



"Oceans!" He began running into the forest.



"I'm okay." She called, still with that strange sound to her voice. "The fruit..."



"Where are you?!" He followed the sound of her voice and heard gagging and then what sounded like vomiting. "Oceans!" He almost ran over top of her. Oceans’ was crouched and kneeling over a pile of acrid smelling vomit. She was trying to gag up more, only bringing up a thin watery stream of bile.



He dropped down next to her and helped to hold her while she struggled to bring up the contents of her stomach. After several more reflexive gags, she gulped down air and began panting. She was drenched in sweat.



"My god..." He stroked the slick sweat from her brow. "What happened?" One arm cradled her while the other continued to stroke her brow.



She looked at him sickly. "Montezuma's revenge."



He looked confused. "What?...oh." She suddenly clutched at her stomach and Marshall finally noted that her panties were lowered around her ankles and she was squatting in the unisex position for evacuating ones bowels...



"Please..." She moaned. "I need some privacy." Understanding, but not wanting to leave her, Marshall moved a few steps into woods giving her the privacy she'd requested but still a stones throw away.



"Oceans what can I do to help?" He felt so useless.



"I don't know." She moaned. She stayed there in that squatted position for another few minutes before she weakly approached Marshall. The sun was little more than an orange glow and darkness would be upon them very soon. "I need to wash." She said weakly.



He made to help her walk and she held up her hand. "No no. I can do it." She didn't want him too close. She was still vain enough not to want her bad odors assaulting him. He didn't care about that at all. He was thinking about the approaching night and whatever dwelled in the forest. He was thinking that they needed light a fire. He was thinking that he was very worried about her getting sick.



Ignoring her protests, he took her arm and led her through the forest and then down the beach until she was at the water's edge. She walked slowly and bent over as if by straightening she'd bring on another onslaught of vomiting and diarrhea. She shook him loose then and walked into the water fully dressed all by herself.



Though he probably should have left her to bathe alone, he was afraid that she'd cramp up and drown. The sun was gone and the beautiful moonlight reflected on the beach. He watched as she stripped off her dress, gripping it tightly. Then off came her panties and last her bra. Her back was to him mostly and she was waist high in the water but her image was just a faint dark outline; he thought she was the most beautiful sight he'd ever seen.



After washing herself and her clothing, Oceans slipped the sundress over her nudity, still clutching her underwear. Marshall offered a steadying arm and he led her back to the lean-to where she found a dry clean dress to wear. While she dressed he hung her wet clothes on the rocks, placing other rocks on them to prevent them from blowing away. There was a pleasant breeze; it would probably be even chilly as the night moved on.



When he returned, Oceans was laying in a fetal position on top of the afghan. She was shivering. He sat down beside her. "Is it worse or better?"



"I don't know." She groaned.



He was scared. "Okay." He placed his shirt over her shoulders and she stopped shivering. She was wet still and sick. He dug through her clothes until he found another sun dress, which he tucked around her legs. He watched her until she fell asleep.



She needed things, more water and food; real food and not just fruit. He scratched his stubbly cheek and then he picked up a shank and stood up.



***



Oceans stretched and then lurched to full wakefulness. For just a split second she had thought she was back at her home and in her familiar bed. What had awakened her was the fact that her bed had never been this hard. Oceans had a few moments of desperation as her plight came back to life. Then with the same resolve that she'd bore over the past day, Oceans pressed the feeling to the far corner of her mind.



Something smelled delicious and she suddenly felt as if she was half dying from hunger and thirst. She heard the crackling of a fire even over the loud beating of the ocean's waves. Fire?



She sat up weakly and saw the fire surrounded by a neat circling of rocks. Marshall was hunched over in great concentration and thus was the source of the good smells. There were stones on the fire and things cooking on them. Fish? Oceans limped to him and he looked up, startled.



"Oceans, I didn't want you to have to get up." He came to his feet and helped her to sit on one of two large boulders that he had rolled down from the nearby embankment. She stared at the valley in the sand that the two boulders had left. She couldn't believe that he'd done that alone! Twice!



"That smells so good..." She was staring at the cooking fish as they sizzled on the hot rocks. Marshall reached over and handed her a large banana leaf wrapped package. She unwrapped it curiously and it was a plate of food, wrapped to keep it free of flies.



She just stared at him confused. "How did you make the fire?"



He held up his hands. His face held a wry grin. His poor fingers were cut, blistered and bleeding!



"I won't tell you how long it took me to rub sticks together in order to make fire...but let's just say that it's damn difficult." So difficult in fact that he swore not to let the thing go out. Ever. As long as he kept the coals hot then the fire should be easy to restart.



Oceans looked down at the banana leaf plate on her lap. There was fish, a blackened banana, and some burnt coconut scrapings. Oceans began shoveling the food into her mouth hungrily. The fish was burnt on outside and slightly raw on the inside, the bananas were dry and husky like eating a giant pretzel, and the coconut was part sweet, part bitter—and it was like eating a Thanksgiving dinner!



Marshall smiled tiredly. He handed her a coconut and it had obviously been cracked open against a sharp rock. The green soft outer skin was still mostly on and a banana leaf had plugged the top to keep the insects out. She drank and was surprised to taste water instead of coconut milk. Marshall's manmade coconut cups.



After she'd eaten he slid the remaining fish from the rocks, slightly burnt but smelling delicious. These he wrapped in banana leaves as well.



"How did you catch the fish?" Again he held up his hands. This had been relatively easier then the fire...though he now had to have a new scale to gauge such things. The fish swam in schools at dawn and he knew how to hold his breath under water. That's all it amounted too. With enough time and patience, he had caught one fish and this is what he had cooked for Oceans. Then he'd gone back out and spent hours 'fishing' for more.



Oceans gasped. "Marshall! Have you been awake all night?"



He shrugged dismissively. It wasn't as if he would have been able to sleep with possible deadly animals out in the night. And he hadn't figured out the fire situation until dawn...Marshall yawned then and Oceans put aside her plate and stood up, gripping his hand and pulling him up as well.



"Come on. You're going to sleep." Marshall chuckled but followed her to the lean-to. He fell tiredly onto the makeshift bed while Oceans fussed a bit with the afghan. He yawned again and then fell asleep.



***



Marshall and Oceans moved their camp as planned. It wasn't much to move, much of the things that had washed ashore they left; to be retrieved as needed. Over the course of the next few days, they built a bigger lean-to using the big banana leaves for almost everything. The structure was small saplings and tall straight branches that served as the support and banana leaves as the walls. The roof was overlapping banana leaves. The floor was the same. Oceans even managed to weave two large mats that served as pallets.



Marshall had created two fire pits. At night, the fire was moved to the nearby hut where they hoped it would keep the animals at bay and it certainly helped with bugs and flies. But then during the day, the fire was moved some feet further away. It's where they cooked and where they kept the coals hot when the fire wasn't needed.



They came up with a routine that seemed to work well for them. First thing in the morning, Marshall got the fire going in the main pit while Oceans prepared breakfast. Usually it was a variety of fruits and leftover fish from the dinner before...that is if the bugs hadn't gotten to it. She had come upon cassava root. There was tons of it that had never harvested so it was old...and certainly toxic. It made her nervous. Cassava contained cyanide; the older bitter variety could even be deadly. It was harder to find the younger variety but when she did, they ate it roasted and it was like having baked potato. She didn't bother telling Marshall that with the older, larger root she could make flour, which then could be turned into bammie flat bread, liquor, or even a tasty porridge. But without a way to safely soak away the toxicity, she just wouldn't risk it.



After breakfast they combed the beach for more things that washed up on shore during the night. Every morning brought new things but mostly just bits of metal from the plane wreckage, or sheets of fiberglass. Seeing the blinding reflection from some of these items gave Marshall an idea. The two took an afternoon to create a reflecting signal. They didn't have enough to form S.O.S, but there was enough to form the shape of an arrow, and that arrow pointed in the direction of the new camp. Afterwards they scaled a large rocky hill and looked down proudly upon their work.



Normally after breakfast, they traveled to the stream for fresh water and more fruit or cassava root. As it was just a fifteen minute trek through the forest, the journey for water was now effortless. Then Marshall would go fishing while Oceans wove. That's usually when they took their personal moments and then they met back for lunch. Lunch was shellfish, a crab that they split, a big slow fish, or on days when he just wasn't lucky in the sea there would be roasted plantains, cassava, or some fruit. Oceans had begun scouring the surrounding forest for edible greens. Again, plenty of cassava leaves but they were more toxic then even the roots! And what was the point of dense chewy leaves if they couldn't be boiled down? But there were plenty of other things that her sharp eye could pick up. She found a water cactus once and that was like eating artichoke, even when they ate it raw.



The sun would be at its hottest at lunch and they would retreat to the lean-to hut where they talked, rested, or napped. Then it was time for another trek to the stream and upon returning they would work on some project. One day it was digging the sweet meat from the coconuts so that they could be cleaned and filled with coals to make into better cups and bowls. Before night fall they would have collected more firewood and gone scavenging for things to make the hut better.





It was during the fourth day that the routine was interrupted. That was the day something entered the camp.





~DAY 4~



Oceans was almost done with the new mat. It could be used on the beach to kneel and sit on while cooking. She thought about how hard she worked every day since being on the island, but also how rewarding it was. There wasn't a day that passed where she wasn't afraid for her future but keeping busy helped. And of course it was a godsend having Marshall with her.



Oceans felt herself smile as she thought about the countless things that he did on a daily basis to make their lives easier. She was so thankful that she wasn't stranded with a man like Franklin. He would be lying around all day expecting her to hunt, cook, and fix the hut. Oceans' smile grew at the image of the sexy man. He had relinquished the wife beater since he did lots of things to get dirty. Now his peaches and cream skin was bronzed by the sun and his hair had lightened and fell in unruly waves into his eyes.



Right now he was making a great deal of noise by pounding a large stump into molten hot metal. It was one of the few large pieces that they had. He was trying to shape the newly flexible metal into a large pot to hold water. The fire was hot and he would position it between two great rocks and pound on it until it bent to his will.



Oceans watched him discreetly; the way his muscles flexed and strained beneath his skin and the serious expression on his face as he hefted the heavy wooden mallet, then the way the sweat would drip from his hair and down the lines of his naked back, only to trail lower to where his pants had begun to hang low on his waist.



He was truly a sight to behold and Oceans would find herself panting before she caught herself and averted her eyes. Once she went into the ocean and swam and fingered herself until she could think about things other then what lay beneath those worn Armani pants, and what would happen once they fell apart all together...



Marshall knew that Oceans eyes were on him. The first time he'd caught her staring surprised him when he recognized the attraction. It was mutual, but he hadn't wanted to act on it. There was a reluctance about her so he intentionally let it grow. It was difficult, especially at night when the thin fabric of her sun dressed molded to her breasts and her thighs and her soft breathing let him know that she was at peace. Then he wanted to trace the lines of her body and to see her nipples grow tight. He wanted to trail his fingers up her inner thighs and to push them past her panties and feel if she was moist—



Marshall faltered and the last thump of the wooden stump toppled the metal and sent hot sand and red hot embers over his foot.



"Ahh! Shit!" He hopped up on one foot, away from the fire. Oceans jumped up, throwing the mat aside.



"Marshall!" He sat down with a thump. "Let me see your foot." He squinted at her and lifted his foot up to her to see. She gripped it gently in her hands and came to her knees letting it rest there on her lap. The top of his foot was red. The bottom wasn't in the greatest shape. He had scrapes and blisters from going shoeless over the rocky, hot terrain. In time, his tender feet would toughen but for now it did cause him problems.



He needed cool water and salve to treat the burns. She had found aloe and had kept a small plant to carry back to camp, which she kept planted in an empty coconut shell. Oceans hurried to the hut and brought back an aloe leaf and fresh water that she had in another hollowed coconut shell.



Marshall was grimacing as angry welts began to rise on the flesh of his foot.



"This is going to feel better real soon. I promise." She said while dribbling the cool water over the angry red skin. She then carefully squeezed the slimy ooze from the aloe plant over the burns, forming a cooling layer. She had taken her satin slip, torn a strip from the bottom and this she wrapped lightly around his foot. His lone black sock came in handy as she slipped it over his foot to hold the makeshift bandage in place. After a moment, he made to stand.



"What are you doing?"



"I have to finish it before the metal cools." He picked up the stump with determination and hobbled back to the warming piece of metal. Oceans watched him in amazement. But he did what he said he would. She went for more wood to keep the fire burning hot while he finished his loud thumping, thumping, thumping.



In the end, he had a huge pot with little wings sticking out that acted like handles. He had even flattened the bottom so that it wouldn't tip. Oceans marveled at it as if it was a piece of fine china. A pot would open up a world for them; now she could make cassava flour!



"I can't wait to use it to carry back some water!" She exclaimed. Filled with water, it would be heavy enough that two would need to carry it back from the spring. Marshall already had visions of creating an even bigger one that would stay at camp and they would just fill it. Then he blanched at the thought of how easily he had adapted to this life.



"It didn't ever look this hard on Gilligan's Island." He said as he limped into the forest carrying the empty pot.



Oceans had moved to the lead with her trusty walking stick that she used to push aside bushes and flick away snakes. She looked back at Marshall. "If this was Gilligan's Island then I want my gingham dress and a recipe for coconut cream pie."



Marshall's eyes lit up. "Who said you'd be MaryAnn? I think you're Ginger." Oceans laughed out loud. There was nothing glamorous about her. Her hair was a curly mess on her head. Her dress was sweat soaked and dirty, she had streaks of ash covering her feet and hands, her legs hadn't been shaved and she didn't want to think about what was growing under her pits.



But when she met Marshall's eyes, she saw the honesty in that statement. Her skin tingled as she saw the heated attraction in that look. Oceans turned away and continued to the spring.



It wasn't so heavy with the both of them carrying it back and they just chatted about his idea of all the things they could make now that there was fire. He didn't mention that he wanted to forge better weapons, since he had heard noises very close to their camp off in the forest. So far, the fire seemed to keep the smaller animals away. And neither of them had seen anything larger than the little rat-like creatures that scurried under the brush; Meer rats. Neither of them had been desperate enough to try to catch the quick little creatures. Not that meat wasn't desirable, but those things were fast.



Back at camp, Oceans checked Marshall's foot again and she cleaned it with more fresh water then applied more aloe. It was blistered in places and though he didn't complain she knew it had to be very uncomfortable. She insisted that he stay off of it as she went about preparing the evening meal. She wanted to find some scrap metal that could be used to scrape the thick fibrous cassava roots so that she could soak away the toxins and prepare it for flour. That's what she was doing when the wild boar pushed through the forest and ambled down on to the beach.



Marshall had been watching her from the lean-to. Since she was preoccupied, he allowed his erection free reign and stroked himself absently while she moved about her task. Her beauty was not lost in the fact that her hair was an untamed halo about her head and her face was smudged with ash. He knew that later she'd strip out of those clothes and bathe in the ocean by the light of the moon. And he'd watch from a distance and stroke his cock until he came quietly but with much satisfaction. It had become a nightly ritual with him and it was what allowed him the ability to interact with her during the day without being too forward.



But then he caught the sight of movement off to the side and his head jerked in that direction. Marshall leaped to his feet. An animal was lumbering down the embankment towards the beach...and Oceans.



Though much like a pig, a wild boar is deadly with its tusk-like upper and lower teeth. This animal stood on all four at a height of four feet and Marshall approximated its weight to be about 200lbs.



"YAH!!!" He screamed, as he waved his hands in the air trying to catch the attention of the wild animal. Oceans looked up at him and saw the creature too. It was between them by several yards. Instead of standing still as he would have liked her to do, she took off in the opposite direction. Between the waving man and the fleeing woman, the wild boar saw Oceans as more prey and like any predator went after her.



Marshall picked up Ocean's walking stick as he went sprinting towards the animal. Forgetting about his injured foot, he screamed and made as much of a ruckus as he could. But the animal had been closer to her than it had been to him and he was amazed at how quickly the hulking animal moved. He'd always associated over-sized animals like that as fat and slow. He was very wrong! Oceans sprinted and looked behind her, panicking when she saw that she hadn't left it behind.



Marshall's heart thudded in his chest as he prayed that she wouldn't fall. "Oceans get into the water! Run to the water!" Oceans suddenly veered and began sprinting to the water. He prayed that the thing couldn't swim and even if it could, he'd seen Oceans swim and he didn't think it could catch up. As he suspected, the animal came to a halt at the water's edge.



Marshall came to a halt as well. He wanted to kill it! He hated the thing. But a walking stick that didn't even have a point to it was no weapon against a 200lb animal of that magnitude. As these thoughts went through his mind, the animal turned to look at him. Marshall strolled to the ocean as the animal charged at him. He was neck deep in water before the huffing animal stopped. It stamped the ground for a few moments and then headed slowly back towards the forest. As soon as it disappeared, Ocean's swam to the beach and dropped on the wet sand. He hurried out of the water himself. She was crying.



"Oh, Oceans!" He came to his knees and gathered her in his arms while she trembled and sobbed. "It's gone, honey. It's going to be ok."



"It knows we're here." He didn't answer. "It will come back." She cried. He just stroked her wet, sandy hair.



***



Neither of them had an easy time sleeping. So Marshall told her he'd keep watch and then when he got very tired he'd let her take over. He was proud that she trusted him enough to drop off to sleep as easily as she did. But he only knew one thing that they could do if the animal came back, and that was to rouse Oceans and run for the water.



Being at the mercy of the large animal ate at his mind mercilessly. While he stood watch as the night grew cooler, Marshall began forging weapons from the scrap metal.



When Oceans awoke at the crack of dawn, Marshall had a neat row of weapons situated on the sand. He'd fashioned several spears with heavy pieces of twisted, sharp metal that they hadn't previously found a use for. He'd also made huge torches which surrounded the campsite that would be ready to be lit each night. Ingeniously, he had used bits of the fiberglass to keep the torches from burning up. Marshall was staring into the distance as if he were mesmerized.



"Marshall?" He blinked and looked at her. He was exhausted. "Why didn't you wake me?"



"I wanted to finish this." He gestured to the items. Then he climbed to his feet and stumbled back into the little hut. "I need to sleep." He murmured and then he lay down on his side. She watched him, worried. He closed his eyes and didn't reopen them and soon he was snoring deeply.



Some hours later when he awoke, Oceans wanted to walk back to the old campsite to see if anything good had washed ashore. Marshall wasn't chatting idly as he usually did and she noticed dark circles under his eyes.



"Are you okay?"



He offered her a thin smile that didn't reach his eyes. "I'm fine. I'm just thinking." She didn't keep probing him. She figured he'd speak about what was on his mind when he wanted to share it with her.



When they got back to the old camp some of the metal had been covered by sand. They went about uncovering the buried scraps, and as for the large reflective arrow, they paid special attention to brushing away the sand to keep it pointing the way to their location. There were thousands of islands in the Caribbean and without some help they could be lost forever...



Marshall stopped suddenly. He shielded his eyes and stared out to sea, and then he went running into the water. Oceans turned to see what had caught Marshall's eyes and then even she went running into the water. It was a parachute! It was a colorful blue, white and yellow parachute floating out to sea. After swimming for a few minutes, Marshall reached it first. He spent a moment floating and examining his find before turning back to Oceans.



"Oceans! Don't come any closer...stay back." She stopped, curious as to why he wouldn't let her come closer. But she waited patiently. Finally, he dug out the shank that he'd gotten used to carrying and he began to cut something. It seemed to her that it took a long time for him to cut through the item. Then he began to use a side stroke as he dragged the items to shore. He looked exhausted and she helped him tow the items to shore the last few feet. Once he was free of the water, she noticed that he was carrying a backpack as well as the parachute.



Once on shore, he collapsed and she dragged the beautiful piece of cloth further up on shore, noting that the lines had been cut where it connected to the person that would have been manning the thing. Once she was sure that it wouldn't float away, she hurried back to Marshall who had sat up and was now unzipping a backpack. She knelt beside him eagerly to watch as each item emerged from the depths of the sodden pack.



"Was...that the pilot?"



He glanced at her with haunted eyes. And then he nodded in affirmation. "Sharks and fish had gotten at him..."



"Okay." And she left it at that. He pulled clothing from the pack, running shoes, a carton of sodden cigarettes, a lighter, knife, a little black notebook...and a cell phone. Oceans felt as if she would faint. Marshall looked at her very seriously. Cell phone, cell phone, cell phone...kept running through her mind.



"We'll let this dry completely Oceans. We'll take it apart and let it dry, okay?" There was a desperation to his voice that she knew showed on her own face. All she could do was to nod, feeling her eyes tear at the prospect that...



He placed all of the items back into the pack, pocketing the lighter. Then Oceans gingerly carried the cell phone while Marshall balled the parachute and carried it back to camp. As soon as they got back, he knelt in the hut and began to remove the battery as if he were doing a delicate surgery. Oceans watched with bated breath. After it was done, he looked at her with his hazel eyes seeming so hopeful, but also terrified. Sometimes having hope was worse than not having any.



The two tried to occupy their time, so while Marshall lay Geddes' wet clothing out to dry, they discussed what would be the best use for the parachute. The topic was discussed for most of the afternoon with every possibility considered. In the end, it was decided that they would make hammocks.



In this department, Oceans was more the expert. She drew out the plans for the hammocks in the sand. The parachute lines would be used to support it between two trees. They would just need the trees. They had a quick cold dinner and then the two went about the task of carefully cutting out the pattern of the hammocks. The new knife came in handy for this job. The ends were knotted around the ties so that they wouldn't cut through the thin material. It went relatively fast but the two were anxious to try them out and to sleep off the hard ground (away from the crawling night insects). The only thing is that there weren't trees on the beach. This caused them to re-evaluate whether they should relocate their campsite to the forest as opposed to the beach. There were pros and cons for each.



Oceans thought she remembered palm trees being very close to the beach. If they moved their campsite yet again, they'd be even further away from the old campsite...but also a bit further from the water source. All in all, it was an easy decision to relinquish their neat hut for the opportunity to sleep off the ground. Since it was growing dark, they put off the move until the morning.



When they retreated to the hut, Marshall again offered to keep watch while she slept, though this time she made him promise to wake her up in a few hours. She knew he'd play Mr. Macho and not want to do it, but she got him to agree by indicating that they'd be able to wake up earlier and accomplish more if they both slept during the night.



She stared at the dark image of the cell phone. "When should we try it?"



Marshall stared out into the night. The torches and the fire raged, but he wasn't convinced that it was sufficient to ward off a wild boar. He turned to Oceans. "In the morning, we'll check as soon as the sun rises." He turned back to stare into the night. They had to get off this Island. Eventually something was going to get at them and he couldn't protect her for long.



***



As he promised, Marshall woke Oceans and then lay down for a restless sleep. She fed the fire but mostly just thought about getting off the island. It seemed to take forever for the crack of dawn. But as soon as the first light showed, she woke up Marshall. He jumped up as if he was a kid at Christmas.



Marshall picked up the battery first and examined it, trying to see any evidence of wetness. Then he picked up the phone and didn't see any condensation. It was completely dry. He knew that the hot Caribbean sun would work fast.



"Say a prayer." He said. Then he slipped the battery back into the phone. He squeezed it in his hand before pressing the button to turn it on. He'd dropped more than one cell phone into water. Usually a few keys wouldn't engage or it wouldn't move forward or backwards. But it always worked.



But this time it didn't. It was completely dead. Marshall stared at it in horror.



"Hold the button down a little longer." She suggested. He did as she asked. When nothing happened he stared at it for a few minutes, neither of them speaking. He dropped the phone onto the ground and left the hut. Oceans looked after him but didn't follow. He walked to the waters edge and stopped just short of the ocean. His bare feet sank into the cold sand as he watched the horizon. Marshall began sobbing.



Much later, he walked back to the hut. Oceans watched him approach and then set aside the mat that she was working on. She stood and put her arms around him and hugged him tight. Marshall stiffened but didn't pull away. Soon, Oceans broke the hold and looked at him curiously. He just stared at the ground before murmuring.



"Maybe we should head over to the new campsite now." She nodded in agreement. The hammocks carried most of their belongings. They'd have to make a second trip for the pot and the torches, but they got most of their things in one trip. They traveled quietly and it felt odd not to chat with him. Oceans was finding herself becoming lonely since Marshall had sunk into this funk. It started when the wild boar had chased her. Now Marshall never went anywhere without one of the lethal spears that he'd made. During his watch, he seemed to expect the worse. She had begun thinking of Marshall as her friend and it hurt her to see him like this. Maybe something as small as the hammocks might lift his spirits.



They found one large tree that grew on the rocky embankment where the beach met the edge of the forest. It was a massive tree with no coconuts growing from it; a potentially deadly place to hang a hammock from if it did grow coconuts. Nature had created the perfect hammock base; a tree that curved away from the forest as if it were reaching from the shadows to the brightness of the sunny beach.





Marshall was wearing a pair of jeans that had been in Geddes' pack and he looked up at the tree with some trepidation. He began climbing it, thinking that if he fell...well he'd surely break something because the ground here was nothing but rock...But he didn't fall and after a lengthy trial and error, he was able to secure one end of each hammock to a sturdy branch.



It wasn't a hard decision of where to hang the other end of the hammocks because there weren't very many more options. After several hours bother hammocks were secure; though not exactly as close to each other as they would have liked. Also they were pretty high from the ground...and there were deadly rocks beneath them. Not the perfect situation; it would be damned hard to get into it and would require some acrobats to get out of it. But on the plus side, no wild boar would be able to reach them as they slept. Marshall thought it was a good trade off.



At approximately 2 pm, seventeen days into their adventure on the island, Marshall and Oceans climbed into their respective 'beds' a mere foot from each other. One hammock was five feet from the ground the other was another foot higher. Deadly rocks were beneath them. BUT...No bugs crawled from a mass of green woven banana leaves to invade their hair and clothes. No sand would find its way into their ear hollows, eyes and nose. And being under the oversized palm leaves made them feel as if they were at a resort. Marshall smiled for the first time in over a week. He looked down at her as she used her right leg to swing her hammock lightly.



"This is great isn't it?"



She just smiled like a Cheshire cat. "I'm never getting out of this." Then she looked over the side of the hammock. It was a steep, dangerous drop. Yeah, she was content to stay here until the call of nature made its appearance.



***



The new beach was nice, though it was far from where they had originally washed ashore and on a rockier portion of the beach. The benefits outweighed the faults in that the new beach offered more shade and the rocks could be utilized for cooking and sitting. Marshall and Oceans found that by keeping busy, the reality of being stranded was held at bay. They worked hard during their waking hours and then slept deeply in their hammocks.



Immediately, Marshall began securing a safe floor for beneath their hammocks. It meant rearranging the rocks until they were level and then shoveling pounds and pounds of sand to pack it down. He proudly announced that when it was done, it would be the foundation for their new and improved hut. He had intricate plans that, to Oceans, seemed hard to follow. But he seemed to enjoy creating large walls from saplings, vines and banana leaves, and then laying them out neatly against the rocks until he was ready to assemble them.



Oceans had a new project of her own. She finally had the resources to safely prepare the bitter cassava. As a bonus, she also found several Ackee trees. For the last few days, she had used some of the extra parachute line to make a trap for some small animal. After more than a month, fish had definitely lost its appeal. However, Marshall had not perfected the art of catching other edible sea creatures. So Oceans was beginning to utilize her cooking skills. Using her new scraper, she shredded the fibrous yucca root and soaked it for a day in the sea water, then as an extra precaution, soaked it again in fresh water from the spring. Next the fibers were allowed to dry in the hot sun and then she used two rocks to grind the meal into flour. Once the precious flour was made, she carefully wrapped it in a silk scarf that she'd had packed away in her suitcase, which also kept it from the sand and from being food to the insects.



Marshall watched her with interest, when after a week of preparation, the day finally arrived that it was time to use the cassava flour. She grabbed a palm full of the precious salt that they had long ago begun to dry on various fiberglass sheeting. She added fresh water to some of the yucca flour and kneaded it into a dough. It was the exact age old recipe used by millions of people across the world; it was the recipe for bammie. She fried small bammie cakes on hot rocks. They looked like corn cakes and Marshall's mouth watered as he watched them come perfectly off the rocks. They ate half of them right there for breakfast and then the two went off into the forest for their daily search for wood and to collect more cassava.



"I was thinking about fossil fuel." Marshall spoke while stooping down to pick up and examine a rotting coconut. He hefted it deeper into the forest.



"Fossil fuel?" Oceans asked. She used her large walking stick to rustle a dense bit of foliage. Sometimes birds, snakes or fast moving creatures inhabited them and she didn't like running a yard into the forest screaming because something had scared her.



"Yeah. There's a reef along the rock line." It's where he always had success catching a fish or two, though trying to catch them against the reef was dangerous. They were sharp like razors and he'd cut himself more times then he wanted to recount. "I was thinking that if I can get a nice size piece of reef then we can dry it, and then use it for torchlight."



She gave him an appreciative look. "It's worth a try." Marshall had at least begun sleeping through the night—now that their hammocks were near impossible to reach by wild boars, but he was frantic about keeping the torches lit through the night and often got up to relight them.



Certain things had made life easier for them on the Island, such as the hammocks, the knife, the lighter, and Geddes' backpack. Now Marshall had change of clothes and shoes to put on his feet. The string gave them a very lucky day because a Meer rat was in the trap that Oceans had made. Both of them just stood frozen, breaths held. Truthfully, it was just luck that something bigger hadn't come along and snatched the thing.



Finally Marshall jumped into action. He dispatched the small animal with a quick twist of its neck. Afterwards Marshall and Oceans looked at each other solemnly, and then they both whooped with joy. Oceans then quickly reset and repaired the trap, improving it in places at Marshall's suggestion. They collected the rest of the wood, tying it into bundles which made it easier to drag by using vines that they had made into rope. The day was starting out to be a good one. They trekked back to camp happily. Feeling inspired, they picked wild greens, onions, mushrooms (avoiding the red ones because Oceans said too). Marshall's mouth was practically watering at the thought of the feast they would have.



Even though he had plenty of work to do, Marshall was unable to help himself from watching Ocean's prepare the meal. He felt like he was back home in his loft apartment watching the Food Network. A city boy, he had no idea how to skin and prepare the little Meer rat. Oceans' island girl came out and she prepared the animal for cooking in just a few short moments. Marshall saved the fur, though he had no idea how to dry it but he would figure it out later.



When all prepared, Oceans set their feast on the oversized mat that they used for eating and sitting. There was roasted Meer rat. Wild onions and mushrooms were sautéed on a piece of metal in the fat rendered from the animal, as well as ackee and fish (though not the salt fish she would have preferred). Various greens, including cassava leaves, were simmered in the makeshift pot of water and then seasoned with a bit of the sea salt and more of the wild onions. Perfectly roasted plantains lay on banana leaves, split and steaming, while bammie bread was used to sop up everything. As an additional treat, they drank a mixture of mango infused coconut milk that Marshall had concocted.



Wordlessly, they had dressed in their best clothes and Oceans had pulled her hair back in a braid and tucked several orchids into it. Marshall had pulled on a button-up shirt from the pack and had actually buttoned it. They ate their meal properly instead of laying sprawled out on the mat, joking and spilling topsy turvy cups of water and coconut milk.



It was so polite, it felt like a date. And so like a date, there was tension.



"So, that guy you used to date...Franklin was it?"



Oceans quickly chewed and swallowed, while nodding her head. "Yes."



"You and he never thought about marrying?"



"Well...I thought about it. He wasn't interested in making us legal. I mean...why should he? I was already doing everything a wife would do."



"When you left to take care of your Dad, didn't he..." There were too many things that he wanted to say like: try to get back with you, miss you, fly down to stay with you...



Oceans answered his unfinished question. "No. I called him for a few months but...he never made any attempts to contact me first. It was obvious that I was just an intrusion on his life."



Marshall was shaking his head in disbelief. "He was a fool." Oceans met his eyes and then looked away quickly. Marshall's eyes lingered on the outline of her breasts beneath the thin material of her sundress. It had become a stupid, inconvenient waste of time to don a bra every day so recently she had stopped the habit.



Oceans wasn't top heavy by any means, so she thought that Marshall probably wouldn't even notice. She was wrong. He quickly used his bread to scoop up more greens which he chewed with deliberate concentration. He needed to think of other things then the way her darker nipples could be clearly seen against the thin material of all of her clothing. Marshall had never been with a black woman. Were their nipples always darker than their skin? God...he shuddered.



Oceans peeked at Marshall, watching his face color. She knew what brought that color to his face. A woman knows when a man's eyes are on her body. She felt like it was suddenly very hard to breathe. She hadn't been touched by a man in years. Living with her dad, she was much too busy to think of such things, and even when someone looked twice at her—her father's friends would run them off, as if they had to protect her virtue for the ill man.



Lately, she'd been thinking of it. She didn't think much of race; though her two previous lovers had been black. She was familiar with a black man's penis and tight ebony scrotum. Her cheeks felt warm as she remembered the time she'd seen Marshall naked. He didn't know it but he had been taking his daily swim in search for fish. That day she had decided to take a break from weaving and had walked down to the wall where he'd been fishing of late. Marshall had just left the water and was holding a piece of parachute line that had three fish strung on it. He was also completely nude. Oceans had ducked out of sight but she couldn't help herself as she peeked from behind her hiding place, watching him drop the fish onto shore. He swept his hands through his longish, wet hair. She remembered gasping at the sight of his perfect body. His sun bronzed skin was devoid of any fat. He had been fit before but now he was in athletic condition!



He crouched there nude and quickly cleaned the fish, tossing the guts back into the ocean and quickly rinsing himself clean. His hands ran over his nude body and Oceans had unconsciously licked her lips. The penis and scrotum of a white man was completely different than that of a black man's...mechanically they were the same...but looked completely different.



Oceans turned and ran back to camp before she got caught.



Now her mind was back to the water, darkened hair between his legs and the ruddy color of his shaft; the water droplets that trailed down his chest, over his defined abs, down to his cock...



"Oceans."



Her head popped up. "Huh?"



He gave her a curious look and she blushed. "After dinner do you want to swim in the quarry?" The fresh water lagoon that they had discovered the first day. They had only gone back once, but they always talked about it when the day had been particularly long and arduous.



"Yes, that would be nice."



Marshall nodded, thinking that his life had resorted to taking a pretty girl out on a date to the local swimming hole. He'd taken dates to the top New York restaurants, to see plays, on ski trips...all of which were wasted on people who didn't matter and who didn't care. Oceans would have appreciated those things.



When the two swam together it entailed designated 'swimming attire'. For Oceans, it was an old t-shirt and Bermuda shorts. For Marshall, it was a pair of athletic shorts from Geddes' bag. The two castaways carefully packed away any remaining food and then discreetly changed into their swimwear. It didn't take nearly as long to get to the quarry as the first time. Their campsite was just closer to it. Still, it was a two hour walk. Along the way, they began to idly chat about things that made it obvious that they had expectations to be residence on the island for some time to come.



Oceans had just flicked a snake away. They were never large snakes but it still caused Marshall to shudder in disgust. "They say snake tastes like chicken."



Oceans gave him a look. "We can...yeah, we can try it." Before they had never thought to eat snake or Meer rat. Now...



Oceans told him that she could make cassava every day. It could be made into porridge, sauces and other things that they'd never tried; including medicine. She also told him that she had woven enough rope to maybe make a lobster trap. He had no idea what a lobster trap looked like, but was happy that she did.



Marshall indicated that the walls of their new hut would be ready to raise tomorrow. That excited her. She had seen him working on it but the various pieces made no sense to her. He kept them stacked neatly in the forest so that the wind could not carry them away.



Finally, they got to their destination. Slipping off their shoes, they walked carefully along the wet rocks until they reached the luxurious waterfalls. Marshall unconsciously gripped Oceans' arm to prevent her from falling. The sweat and heat from their journey was immediately washed away as they stepped under the cooling falls. Oceans shrieked and braced herself while Marshall immediately jumped into the water a foot or two below.



"Marshall!" Oceans screamed again, and this time he noted the change in her yell. This time it wasn't a scream of pleasure but of fear. He looked up at her from her position on the rocks above and she was pointing at something behind him. Marshall turned quickly and saw a family of wild boars, two adults and a baby! The adults were quickly rushing the water as the baby mewed on the rocky shore.



Marshall's mind went blank in terror. The apparent male and female were huge! All he could see were teeth! Reflexively he turned and dived underwater. He was a decent swimmer, better since being stranded on the island and fishing almost daily. He saw the two adult animals go under as well. Big yapping mauls were coming at him as he frantically kicked; moving impossibly slow.



One foot slammed into the face of the beast and it meant nothing. Marshall's lungs needed air and he came back up to the surface in time to see Oceans dashing around the circumference of the pool. He wanted to scream at her to stay back, though everything was happening too fast! He felt a tug on his leg and then immediately a sharp, piercing pain. Marshall was yanked under and luckily he had just filled his lungs with air. He began slapping, punching and kicking at anything that he could connect with and finally his fists and feet met with solid resistance and the grip on his leg was released.



Oceans' screams cut through the quiet of the forest and Marshall's already frantically beating heart spiked even more rapidly. But what he saw halted his movements. Oceans was angrily butchering the baby wild boar. Her arms were going up and down rapidly, gripping the huge hunting knife while blood splattered her and rained down on the water below. The pained squeals of the baby brought the parent's attention from their perspective prey.



Marshall watched with wide, fearful eyes as the two huge animals turned their attention from him to Oceans. Once she realized that they were charging in her direction, she turned on her heels and darted into the woods. The large, beasts with their short legs had trouble getting back up on the bank over the slippery rocks. Marshall used the opportunity to swim to the opposite shore and as he pulled himself up and out of the water, he caught sight of his leg for the first time. There were four neat little holes that streamed blood liberally down his leg.



Marshall climbed back up the rocks, unbeknownst to the animals, and hid beneath the falls. He didn't know enough about animals to be sure that they wouldn't be able to track him by the smell of his blood, but he knew for certain that he wasn't going to be able to outrun anything.



Once on shore, the parents took a few moments to keen over their fallen child. The male took a few moments to stamp the ground and he seemed to want to go into the forest but he wouldn't without his family. Marshall crouched and watched them under the chilly fall of water. Soon it became apparent that the baby was not going to get up and follow them, and with one last nudge of its snout, the mother turned and followed the male from the clearing.



Marshall was shivering with cold as he finally unfolded his body from its crouching position and carefully climbed down from the rocks. His leg was covered in blood now but at least it wasn't flowing as freely. Horror stories ran though his mind of him developing a nasty infection, losing his leg or even dying from it. How did you clean a wound when you didn't have soap? How did you survive on an island when fucking wild boars could appear out of nowhere?



He was hobbling back to camp carrying the shoes that Oceans had left behind. The brush ahead rustled and Marshall almost lost it. He figured his hair had gone stark white, but then it was just Oceans. They ran to each other so fast and so hard that they practically slammed into the other.



"Oh god, oh god!" Oceans was sobbing. She was shaking so hard that Marshall had to practically support her. "I thought they had killed you..." Tears were gliding down her face and her chest was hitching. "I thought I was going to be alone."



"I'm okay." He said while clutching her face and staring into her hysterical eyes. "Oceans, baby, I' am not going anywhere." She grabbed him in a hug, clutching him as if for dear life. He lifted her body from the ground as he hugged her back.



"I was so scared..." He murmured. "I thought they were going to go after you-"



"We have to work together-" She mumbled into his neck, voice still hitching.



"You did so good! I'm so proud of you."



Oceans pushed back gently from him and looked at him intently. "Let's go back and get it. We're going to eat the motherfucker."



Once back at camp, Oceans sent Marshall to his hammock to lay down. She had used some of the cassava flour mixed with water to form a type of 'soap' and had used it to wash his wound as best she could. There was no alkaline in it and therefore was not very effective. She shared some of his same fears of infection and set about the task of making something that they hadn't had in nearly two months...soap. Real soap.



With the pot, lard from the baby pig, and wood ash she had the means to make soap. On the island, she'd seen the old ladies do it, though they had all of the materials they needed neatly packaged or bottled...



She didn't exactly know what she was doing, but really there was just the three major components and so she set forth on the task; fear of Marshall losing his leg as a big motivation to do it correctly.



It wasn't easy, it took an entire day but she began with the alkaline. She used wood ash (which they had a lot of), some of the fiberglass sheeting and a clumsily woven basket. She slowly poured water into the ash, filled basket until the brackish fluid dripped out of the bottom and collected onto the fiberglass sheeting. What ended on the fiberglass was lye.





She prepared the piglet for eating, meanwhile separating as much of the fat as she could. This went into a pot of boiling water to render the fat from any remaining meat. After dressing the piglet in large leaves, it went into a shallow pit lined with banana leaves, hot coals, and then more banana leaves.



Then she checked on Marshall. It was night and he was sleeping deeply. Touching his head, she didn't feel any fever. Yawning herself, but on a mission, she collected the small amount of lye in a coconut shell. She added more water to the pot of fat and removed it from the fire. Finally she dragged herself to her hammock and fell into a restless sleep.



"Oceans, Oceans!" She dragged her eyes opened, her heart thumping loudly in her chest. Marshall was out of his hammock and gently shaking her shoulder. The residue of a nightmare just now fading.



"You were dreaming." He had awakened to the sounds of her cries and her legs kicking out in her sleep. She looked as if she were reliving the wild boar's attack on him. He had leaped down from his hammock, almost losing his balance even though the 'floor' had been raised significantly. His injured leg had stiffened considerably. Oceans was now watching him fearfully. He stroked her brown hand in reassurance. "Do you want to talk about it?"



Her eyes looked out at the distance. The ocean was so beautiful, seemingly endless...the idea of it could leave you feeling small and insignificant: claustrophobic.



"Marshall, I had a dream that on the other side of the island was a resort." She looked at him with piercing, frightened eyes. "All kinds of rich people were there, PAYING to vacation here. There was all kinds of food, and servers wearing crisp white jackets and serving chilled champagne. When you and I walked from the forest, everyone stared at us. We fell on the buffet of food, stuffing our mouths and drinking like gluttons. No one tried to stop us." Marshall watched her, his mouth opened slightly as he pictured what she described. He could almost feel the cool liquid running down his throat. So far, didn't sound like a nightmare...



"There was a pig roasting on a spit and it started moving, squealing, trying to get up and run away. Then two huge pigs came out of the forest. They looked at me, and I started to run-" She looked at Marshall. "I didn't want to kill their baby."



He nodded solemnly. "I know Oceans." He spoke to her in a soothing tone, explaining that they had to do what they had to do in order survive.



"I didn't want to kill that baby..." She cried.



"I know." He said soothingly, wiping away her tears. "They would have killed me to feed their baby. They wouldn't have done it out of cruelty, just survival. You killed IT to save me...and THAT is survival too."



She finally nodded her head and he kissed her cheek. "Go to sleep Oceans, you need some rest." She slowly closed her eyes as he stroked her hand and placed kisses on her face and head. Knowing that he was there, she fell into a peaceful sleep.



***



The soap got made into crude uneven pieces. She scented it with several flowers whose leaves she fished out before the liquid set on shallow pieces of fiberglass. They both took a hunk of the soap and looked at it in amazement. Wordlessly, they walked to the ocean's edge and removed their clothing. Neither looked at the other; the wonder of having soap after two months was more important than anything else.



Entering the ocean only far enough to reach their knees, they began the process of washing. Afterwards they swam and played, chucking the soap pieces further up on the beach so that the precious thing would not float away as they played. They had never played together in the water naked; it was more like a celebration—not an attempt to seduce or to get off on looking at the other. Like children, they frolicked innocently. Then when they finally came back to shore and slipped on their clothes, it was time to feast. Having skipped breakfast the two were ravenous. The pitted piglet was succulent. They didn't eat anything with it, just pork chops, ribs, pork roast, even roasted liver. With distended stomach, they wrapped up the scraps that were left over and napped.





~MONTH 3~



Oceans climbed up the ladder that Marshall had put together. She preferred stairs; especially since they'd just found large flat rocks. But Marshall was incredibly anxious about wild boars. Oceans couldn't blame him. She hadn't been bitten by one!



When she got to the top, she was careful to step onto the solid foundation of their house. Marshall had done a great job making it livable. It was very nearly the size of the average two car garage. And it was waterproof despite the large tree that cut through the wall and ceiling—but necessary if they wanted use of the hammocks inside.



Oceans dropped an armful of mud on her work mat. It wasn't actually just mud but clay. Over the last few days she'd made bowls, pitchers, and now she was going to try her hand at making plates. Marshall thought it was just added work because then it meant dishes needed to be washed instead of banana leaves being tossed. However it kept her busy and he couldn't deny that having water jugs was a lifesaver. At night he fired the dried clay for her, covering it in the red hot coals until the morning when pottery emerged from the ash. She even painted them with various plant dyes.



Her lobster trap had worked exceedingly well—though it needed repairing each time something ended up in it. Now he was in the process of preparing two large ones for lunch, along with more of the roasted cassava and various berries. He could hear Oceans singing softly as she kneaded the hard clay. He stopped what he was doing; frozen in his spot.



It was in that very moment that he realized that he was hopelessly in love with her. His heart felt like it was swelling in his chest; maybe it would even burst. Then one of the lobsters clamped down on his thumb and he shouted. It wasn't the first time he'd been pinched and remembered that Oceans had instructed him to gently squeeze the lobster's body and it would let go. However, when something was biting the hell out of your digit, clear thought was not always possible.



Oceans came rushing to the door of the hut with clay up to her wrists. Her eyes were big terrified pools of darkness. Marshall's heart crashed that he'd scared her with his yell. But as soon as she saw the lobster dangling from his hand, her face broke into a smile and she hid her laughter behind her clay-laden hand.



"Marshall." She called. "Squeeze his belly!" He resisted the urge to slam the thing against the nearest rock and did as instructed. The lobster released him and he dropped it to the ground. Oceans climbed down the ladder, insisting on examining his finger thoroughly. It had blistered painfully but the skin hadn't broken. Marshall watched her silently as she rinsed it with clean water from one of her water jugs.



"Ooo..." She cooed. Her full lips made a concerned pout. His eyes took in the slope of her nose and the broad flare of her nostrils. Her lashes, as she looked down, were so long that it appeared to cast shadows. Though he knew he shouldn't, he reluctantly allowed his eyes to drop lower.



He suppressed a moan. The peaks of her nipples were clearly imprinted on the thin fabric of her dress. His mouth ached to take even one taste of-



She placed her lips on his wounded finger and then looked at him brightly. "There, now it's all better." Marshall felt a tremble begin from his feet and move quickly up his body. She gave him a surprised look and before Marshall knew it his head had dipped down to her slightly parted lips and he was kissing her. In that moment there was not one thing that could have tasted better to him than the taste of Oceans’ lips.



"Marshall..." She murmured. He hesitated but she didn't pull back, then she was leaning forward. Marshall was suddenly possessed. His hands slid over her body; they were trembling, he could barely breathe.



Oceans felt her head begin to spin. Her hands travelled up along the hard muscles of his naked shoulders. They were still slightly wet from his venture in the ocean, but hot. It was like the heat had begun to set up residence in his body. Even as her body began to tingle at his touch her mind also worried that he didn't get heat exhaustion.



Marshall wanted to literally fall into Oceans...but his need was not her burden. He suppressed his desire with a shudder, looking like a man going through withdrawals. With great reverence, he allowed his hands to travel up her sides-causing ripples of pleasure to course through her body. His hands then slid down her back, sliding over her round ass, where they lingered to hold her against him. When her hands reflexively moved up to wrap around his neck he was suddenly overcome with emotion.



Choking back a sob he buried his head into her neck. "I love you Oceans...I love you. I'm sorry..." He apologized as he shuddered against her firm body and tried to collect himself. He didn't know what he was apologizing for but-



"Marshall?" She gave him a questioning look, pulling his head back slightly so that she could see his face. "You love me too? I mean-" she averted her eyes embarrassed.



"Too?" He picked up on that word. "Oceans, I'm in love with you; madly, passionately, irreversibly in love with you," he said with all seriousness.



Her eyes closed slowly. No one had EVER told her that they were madly in love with her. No one had ever BEEN madly in love with her. For once in her life someone was feeling the same way about her that she was feeling for them.



"Madly..." She repeated. Then she felt his lips on hers again. He began speaking, murmuring against her lips as he continued to kiss her.



"It doesn't matter to me if you don't feel that strongly-"



"Marshall?"



He pulled back and took a deep breath before answering. "Yes?" His heart was slamming against his ribcage.



"I don't want to one-up you, but Marshall, I don't think about anything but you; from the moment I open my eyes until the moment I go to sleep. That's not something I'd ever admit to any other man...but then I've never been this deeply in love with any other man before."



He smiled. He realized that life on this island wouldn't be half bad if he could spend it buried in her luscious body. But her expression didn't match his. Her brow was gathered in concern. He hesitated.



"What's wrong?" He tried to think if he'd said anything wrong. Maybe she'd seen the wolf gleam in his eyes.



"Marshall..." How did she tell him about the dream? She'd had it every night since she'd slaughtered the baby wild boar.



Now he was frowning. "Ocean, look at me. What's wrong?" She was scaring him now.



"You know how badly it bothered me that I killed that baby pig."



He looked confused. She'd been restless in her sleep lately. "You're still bothered by that?" He held her hands, running his thumb soothingly over her knuckles.



"I know that neither of us has said this before, but there is a chance that we may never get off this Island." She thought that the chances were slim that they would ever be rescued. Three months was a long time to be stranded.



He watched her silently, neither confirming nor denying.



"I have this dream," her face grew warm. "That we...we had a baby. And the pigs came and got him."



Marshall blinked. The words almost bowled him over, let alone the idea of something like that happening. Then he began to slowly understand what she was getting at. She was afraid of becoming pregnant.



"What if-what if we had a baby?" The look in her eyes let him know that this was a serious concern of hers. His hands rubbed her arms in what he hoped would be a soothing motion. "Oh honey, I-you know, we can...do things that won't result in a baby." He felt his own face turn red.



Oceans didn't respond because no matter what the plan, it always led to sex. When she had lost her virginity it was just supposed to be some dry humping. But Kevin Hickson had said that when a boy got hard they couldn't stop, they couldn't go back. She supposed it was rape but she had just accepted it in the end, turning it into something else. She continued seeing him for another three months until he dropped her for someone more popular.



"Marshall, if something should happen and I did get pregnant...don't you see how horrible it would be? We would be imprisoning a child on this island...forever!" She couldn't get that idea out of her head. She didn't want to bring a baby into this place where wild pigs roamed, and where there were no hospitals, no medicine, and just a shelter made of sticks and plants...



He could see that the topic made her very anxious. He gave her a reassuring smile. "I love you, and just being able to say that out loud, to think and feel it freely; I just want to focus on that for a while. The rest, well its food for thought, but I won't be attempting to impregnate you within the next few minutes."



She feared that he thought she was being silly or over imaginative. She allowed herself to be pulled into his arms. It felt so good, she felt so safe.



***



And now that they had expressed their love, for the rest of the day they found reasons to touch; holding hands while they walked to the fresh water stream, him rubbing her feet after eating lunch, and her rubbing his shoulders when he rolled them after carrying back firewood. Now that he'd kissed her, he couldn't wait until they had some quiet time for them to kiss more.



The time finally came, after the sun was low in the sky and they'd taken their private time to bathe. While Marshall fed the fire, Oceans poured water into clay cups. It was strange drinking water that didn't have the residual taste of some fruit, but now the mineral taste of the earth. She passed him a cup and he held out his arm indicating for her to sit down next to him. She did so, nervously.



Now she felt self-conscious and stupid about mentioning pregnancy and dead babies. It was like going out on your first date and planning the wedding. She was happy that he didn't hold it against her. He put his arm around her and lightly stroked her skin, not realizing that he was driving her mad with desire. She leaned her head against him and he sighed in pleasure.



"Marshall?" She asked shyly. "Will you kiss me?"



He responded so quickly that he wouldn't have had time to answer even if he had wanted to. His lips swept down and met hers lightly. His hand reached out to cup her face. "You're beautiful, Oceans Delano." He whispered.



"No, you are." She replied softly. She leaned forward and he met her halfway. He didn't want to pressure her but his body was burning for her. His mind was painfully aware that the only thing separating his hand from her body was the flimsy piece of material--beneath it she was completely nude. He shuddered and practicing great restraint he placed his hand on her hip and kept it there.



Oceans hadn't had a reason to feel sexually aware in many years. To her, the experience of wanting to be loved was almost new. If she'd felt this way in the past, she certainly couldn't recollect it. Sex for her was the rapid in and out of a man over her and the swift relief of a climax. But this was all so different. Marshall seemed to love kissing her—not just using that to get to the next place...



With a smile she pulled back from him. "I don't want to stop kissing you."



"Wait there." He got up and hurried to the hut, returning with her afghan. She'd thought of unraveling it for the precious yarn but Marshall had been adamant about saving the keepsake. Now he spread it out on the mat and lay down, gesturing for her to lay down beside him. This time she didn't hesitate and they lay in each other's arms, kissing and peering into the other's eyes for most of the night.



The next night Marshall again spread out the afghan, and again they held each other, exchanging sweet kisses. Ocean's body pressed against his feeling completely comfortable being so close to him. But Marshall had a love hate issue with that. He loved the feel of her body but not his inability to hide his arousal. The jeans helped, but not when she was pressing herself against him. The arousal was pleasure laced with fear. He loved her touch but the longer he stayed erect, the harder it was for him to pull back around to himself when the kissing ended and it was time to say goodnight.



"Oceans," he pulled back slightly and stared into her curious eyes. "I...um—I need to stop kissing for a while."



"Oh," was her response after a short hesitation. Her face felt warm as she suddenly realized just how difficult it was for a man in a situation like this. But he never pushed her or tried to coerce her, he just backed off and bid her goodnight. It was that trust in him that allowed Oceans to feel comfortable enough to do what she'd been fantasizing all day.



She felt suddenly shy. Discussions of sex had never been encouraged in her family, so instead of talking she leaned in and pressed her lips to his surprised ones. Tentatively, he allowed his hand to move to her breast and when he was cupping it, lights seemed to flash behind his eyes! It almost felt as if he was in the midst of a seizure. Quickly he slid his hand back to the relative safety of her hip.



Oceans groaned. "It's ok." She whispered. He felt her light touch on his dick, where it strained painfully against his jeans.



"Oceans-" he wanted to stop her hand but couldn't. Her touch felt so wonderful.



"Let me help you." Then she was unzipping him and reaching into his pants. Marshall gripped her breast frantically, tugging and fingering her hard nipple with rough fingers. Oceans gasped. Her own fingers tugged against the button on his fly. And then her hand was digging into his pants and gripping his hard shaft.



The pleasure of her touch was so immediate that Marshall threw back his head and bit his lip hard enough to draw blood just to hold back his moans. He didn't think he'd ever been so aroused in his life. Her touch was causing his body to arch and shiver beyond his control in ways that he'd never experienced before.



"Oceans!" He yelled as her hand traveled up and down his shaft. It was too late to stop, he'd been masturbating like he was in Junior High School for the last few days, and yet his semen still shot from his body like gunfire! He gripped the rocky sand in his fist, feeling as if the broken shells would slice through his palms, but he couldn't stop until the last hard spurt of semen left his body. He lay there panting for a moment before he came up on his elbow, still out of breath.



"Lay here." He said gently. She gave him a curious look but lay on her back as instructed. Marshall took a deep breath to bring himself back around and then he kissed her. "Thank you..." His tongue slipped into her mouth. "...for trusting me." His hand slid under the dress, gliding up her satiny leg. Now it was her time to squirm at his touch. "Let me help you now..." His hand cupped her naked mound. The hairs there were damp and he slipped his fingers between her slick lips, stroking her swollen flesh. Oceans groaned against his lips but Marshall wouldn't let her turn away. He wanted to swallow her moans.



Her fingers had played in the same place that his now stroked, but never had a man's touch elicited such pleasure from her. She gripped his long hair and held his head down to her face fiercely, so that he couldn't pull away even if that had been an option. Then he plunged one of his fingers into her opening. It was so tight he couldn't believe the way she gripped his finger. He moaned with need, feeling his cock jump back to life. Her satiny hot huni covered his fingers and he couldn't help himself when he brought his hand to his mouth to suck away her juices.



Her smell and taste were intoxicating! When his finger was clean he plunged it into her pussy yet again, collecting more of her huni to shovel into his mouth like a starved man! Oceans writhed in need and he remembered that he could drink from her well directly...



He lowered himself quickly down her body, over her breasts, and her taut belly until he was between her quivering thighs. Pushing her dress out of his way, Marshall buried his face into her pussy. His tongue dug roughly between her crevice and he licked long from the opening of her pussy to her clit.



Oceans keened loudly, body bucking against him. She gripped his head with both hands as she thrust upward. The pleasure that gathered between her thighs seemed too big to be contained! She had always thought her climaxes were orgasms until this huge 'thing' began to build momentum in her body and she thought she'd scream. She had never before screamed during sex...but here they were coming, pealing from her mouth over and over as her body convulsed beneath him. Two of his fingers gently pushed into her opening, working her rapidly and her pussy closed over them tightly. Marshall moaned again. Suddenly liquid splashed his face and as impossible as it seemed to him, he was cumming again!



"Oh my god..." She gasped once her limbs stopped trembling and her breathing was calm. Marshall was now snuggled against her body, his face buried in her neck where he was kissing her repeatedly. He was more content then he'd been since becoming stranded. Oceans reached down and touched the wetness between her legs. "What..?" She rubbed her fingers together at the thin, clear liquid.



"Was that your first time squirting?" He kept kissing her softly.



"What in the world...?"



"Its okay, baby. It happens when a woman has a very intense orgasm. It's the equivalent of a male ejaculation."



Her eyes grew large. "You mean that's real? I thought that was just bad porn..." Marshall chuckled.



"Well some of it is." He then licked her fingers clean.



She gave him an appreciative look. "I love you, Marshalls. Truly."





"Me too. I love you, Oceans Delano."





~Month 4~



The next few days were heaven for the both of them. They tried to sleep together in the hammock but the combined weight broke Ocean's and the two went crashing to the floor where they didn't bother to get up for another four hours. Though their lovemaking did not include intercourse, it didn't matter. Their mutual orgasms brought more pleasure then they'd ever experienced with anyone else.



One day Marshall was working on a plan to create a solid bed for them to sleep in together.



"Marshall, we've been here going on four months." He did not like conversations that began with how long they'd been on the Island. He knew to the day exactly how long they'd been here, but to him, it was best to take things one day at a time. "We know nothing about the other parts of this Island. For all we know...there actually may be a resort on the other side."



He smiled grimly. "Anything is possible." But he doubted that something as beautiful as this beach would have been left untouched had it actually been inhabited.



"I think we should explore."



He stared at her speechless. "Oceans...this island is dangerous. There are snakes, wild boars, not to mention the countless other deadly things that you haven't told me about. Baby, we have a camp here-"



She chewed her lip. "I know. But the dream won't leave me." He stood up and pulled her into his arms. "Maybe that dream is a way for your mind to cope with what's happening to us."



Oceans placed her head on his chest and sighed. "Why haven't your people found us yet?!" She stared at him searching for an answer.



"My parents wouldn't think to search for me. If someone phoned them to say that I'd been lost in a plane crash my parents would just accept it. They're good people but my Mom is not going to have dreams in which she'll wake up screaming that Marshall is alive." He could already picture the funeral without a casket, and the shrine that they probably already had on the mantle—with pictures from his baby album. And when their friends come over they will tell them stories about how their only child was lost at sea. He frowned. "My boss..." He added slowly. "Frank." Yeah, Frank might search for him. Not because he cared but because he didn't like loose ends.





"Your boss?" She prompted. He looked at her again and smiled in reassurance. "Frank Marcone. I'm his personal accountant. Frank knows exactly what the travel plan was because I'd phoned him with the information that morning."



He didn't add that Frank Marcone was a dangerous man. He had never told her any details about the work he did for Frank. One didn't generally announce that they fixed the 'books' for a very influential man.



He placed a kiss on her full lips. He put thoughts of Frank out of his mind and focused on this woman that he loved. She was afraid and he knew that she didn't need to be. He would risk his life to protect her and that was a thought that surprised him. Maybe it was the Island? He was willing to consider that their circumstance is what made his desire so much more intense. Regardless, he wanted her in his life; whether he was on the Island or off of it, he knew that Oceans was going to be a permanent fixture.



"Oceans, if you want to explore we can do it, but, I'm reluctant to leave until we've given sufficient time for someone to find us." More than that there was something else that kept him from exploring. Marshall was just plain scared.



"Okay." She nodded. She could wait a while longer. She gave him a shaky smile. "About two months?"



He nodded. "Sounds like a plan. In sixty days we'll go." But at the end of sixty days only one would be leaving for the other side of the Island.





"You know what I miss?" Oceans said as they went foraging through the forest for edibles.



"Steak? Ice cream? Heineken-" Marshall rattled off as he examined a rotten mango.



"No." Oceans chuckled. "A hot bath. No, a hot BUBBLE bath."





"Heat is something I can do without." Marshall pitched the rotten fruit deeper into the forest. "I want to be in Colorado right now, in a ski lodge. And the only heat I want anywhere near me is from the fireplace where I'm toasting my marshmallows." He used his long spear/walking stick to prod a clump of bushes. Nothing came scurrying out and he continued scavenging.



"I've never been skiing before. Is it fun?" She sniffed a papaya, then placed it in the basket that she had woven for this purpose. Marshall stopped and stared at her.



"Oceans, when we get off this Island, I promise to take you skiing."



"Um, hun, I don't really consider sliding down the side of steep hill desirable. That's what white people call fun. You know what I'd rather be doing Marshall?" Her voice had taken a decidedly sexy turn and his body came to attention.



"What?" His mind was picturing all kinds of things.



"I want to go to Vegas and see a show."



"Vegas?"



"Yeah. I used to go to the casino back home. They had nickel slots. Then I could afford it." She laughed.



"Don't tell me that you were one of the mindless drones, feeding your hard earned money straight into the casino owner's pockets."



"Hey!" She threw a nut at him but it bounced harmlessly a foot from him. "For your information this mindless drone once won five hundred dollars playing the slot machines."



He smiled. "Bet you lost more than you ever won. The real money is in blackjack, baby."



She scowled. "Too much thought. You have to do mathematics. How is that fun?"



He saw an ackee tree that seemed manageable and began climbing it. This he had perfected out of necessity. The ackee fruit ripened on the tree and needed to be picked therefore he needed to learn how to climb a tree in order to pick them. "Oceans, you are speaking to a man that makes his living working with numbers."



"I know, I'm kidding with you Marshall." She watched him climbing, admiring the way he scaled the tree almost as well as the Jamaican youths.



"Heads up." He plucked a ripe fruit and dropped it to the ground where Oceans hurried to examine it for proper ripeness. Of the five fruit he dropped down to her she discarded two of them. He picked up one discarded fruit. "I don't see how you can tell this isn't ready...it looks pretty good to me."



She lifted the basket. "There are too many to choose from to take any chances. Not worth getting poisoned from the unripe fruit."



He tossed it away. "Why is everything in this place poisonous?!" His face twisted into a scowl of annoyance. "If you hadn't been here with me I would have been dead after the first day!"



She stepped up close to him and placed her lips against his. "You would have survived without me, baby. Because you would have stuck to the things you know."



He snaked his arm around her waist. "I don't want to think about that." He kissed her back before taking the basket from her hand and leading them back to camp.



***



Marshall had his lips clamped to Ocean's nipple. He could sleep with her succulent breast in his mouth—it was how content he was to be laying next to her on the grass mat. The bed had never gotten made because all of their free time was spent in each other's arms. So they moved the mat and afghan to the sandy beach beneath the shade of the palm trees. The floor of the hut was just too unyielding with its rocky base.



Marshall's fingers were teasing her slit as she arched her back and groaned in pleasure. He felt lucid and content to suckle from her breast and to stroke her pussy but she suddenly pulled away and snaked down his body to quickly grab his erect cock. Then she lowered her mouth over him and his eyes rolled to the back of his head.



"Uh!" He called out one second before an orgasm ripped through his body. He could not get enough of the feel of her mouth taking him in. She had explained that she was not good at oral, but he could not see anything that she could do to improve her technique.



Over the last few days she had stopped removing his spurting cock from her lips and now accepted every drop of him. He could hear her swallowing and he thrust one last time before relaxing. She didn't stop sucking him until he was completely flaccid and then she gave him a hopeful look which reminded him of Oliver Twist; 'May I have more please...?' Marshall chuckled and reached down and urged her back up to him. She gave him a decidedly grim look before plunging her tongue into his mouth and kissing him frantically.



She was still horny and he was sated. Lately her body had been telling her something she didn't understand. She had been celibate for three years with no problems. Now she craved the explosion in her belly that Marshall's touching brought. He had introduced her to something new and special. Each day she wanted to explore this new 'toy'.



He made her cum with his fingers, his tongue, or sometimes just by licking her sensitive nipples. But at times, there seemed to be something else deep inside of her that was even bigger than the orgasms that she had experienced thus far. She was too ashamed to ask him something that she should know about her own body, but why was it that she would experience a pleasurable release only to find that there was something waiting, lurking in her belly that promised to be even bigger?



Right now she felt it so close...she reached down to grip his still flaccid cock before remembering that he was already spent. Frustrated she released him, though she was still burning.



Marshall gently pushed her onto her back and kissed down her nude body. He could feel her need and though he had already orgasmed, he wanted to explore her body. She was sheer perfection. Her skin had darkened by the sun and was now chocolate instead of caramel. Constant daily toil had created a body that was both curvaceous and well toned. His tongue left a wet trail as he circled her belly button.



Her breath came out in a rush. "Marshall please!" Her hips rolled in need. "Please don't..." She wanted to say 'tease'. She wanted to beg him to make her cum! But those words were not easy to leave her lips. She just knew that her need was almost overwhelming! Marshall did not make her wait as he quickly settled between her thighs. He loved to feast there but did not have long before she was bucking wildly. He loved the way she came; with such complete abandon!



"That's it baby...cum for me." He cajoled as his fingers slipped into her heated opening which immediately gripped him in rapid spasms. His tongue pushed and stabbed at her clit feeling it pulse in return.



"OH! Marshalls!" She wasn't coming down from her orgasm, her body just kept gyrating as multiple orgasms hit her in rapid succession. Marshall backed off after a few moments and she seemed to collapse as she caught her breath and moaned.



"Are you okay?"



She closed her eyes without answering. He saw her bite her lip and then her fingers moved between her thighs where she rubbed herself in slow circles. Marshall caught his breath as a jolt of pleasure brought his erection back. Watching her masturbate was the most erotic thing he'd ever experienced. How could he ever get off of this mat when she lay there looking like a sex goddess? He watched her silently, transfixed by her movements, the slow rolling of her hips and the way her lips parted. Her other hand came up to rub her swollen nipple. His mouth went dry when she slowly tugged the flesh, stretching the darkened nub.



This was too much...he wanted her. He wanted to be inside of her fucking her, slamming into her accepting pussy...



Marshalls rolled over, covering her with his body. Her legs came up and wrapped around him holding his pelvis in place, pressed against hers. Marshall gripped her wrists and pinned them to the sand and then he pushed into her. Oh god...he panted. She was so tight. Quickly, frantically his pelvis rolled and rocked against hers and she met each thrust just as furiously.



"Yes!" She was screeching. Her arms wrapped around him tightly and she buried her head into his shoulder. Now that he was deep inside of her, she could finally feel the release that had been at bay, waiting for the final trigger to release it. The trigger was this act of coupling. As he filled her most intimate of areas, Oceans felt the final lock fall into place and her body was plunging into oblivion! It was amazing—the feel of him filling and stretching her in pain laced pleasure. He was relentlessly pounding in to her, possessing her. She gripped him with clawed fingers, scratching through his skin and driving him to fuck her harder!



Marshall was like a man possessed. There was no thought but the completion of their coupling and when again, the semen began to course down his shaft and spurt from his body, he could not hold back his cry of sheer exultation! This was the puresest moment of pleasure. Their mingled cries filled the island beach which had now become their own little universe.



Afterwards, neither could move. Moving would bring them back to reality and right now they were still in a cloud of pleasure. Oceans finally pushed against him slightly and he rolled onto his back. He was sweating and panting but when he took in her look of horror he remembered why this was not such a good thing.



"Oceans," but she had jumped up and was hurrying to the water. He jumped up as well and hurried after her. "I'm sorry..." Her arms were crossed in front of her chest and she was intent on reaching the ocean. "Oceans?"



"I need to wash!" She said quickly. He walked along side of her without speaking, feeling like he was a demon from hell. He'd ejaculated in her. How could he have done that after all the care they'd taken not to complete the act?! He glanced at her and she just seemed scared. He wanted to hold her but was afraid to.



"Oceans-"



She looked at him. "We shouldn't have done that." He stopped walking at the water's edge and watched her as she immersed herself to her waist. He could see her reaching between her legs, washing away any evidence of his semen. Oceans kept at it, dipping her fingers into her sore canal where they continually scooped away the slick fluid. She glanced over at Marshall knowing that she had made him feel guilty, and that had not been her intent. It hadn't been him. She should have known that it would lead to this. He was a man and he was a good one. Yet, it was up to her to set the boundaries of what would happen within her body. Damnit...



After a long time, she finally walked back to the beach. Marshall hesitantly placed his arm around her shoulder and together they headed back to camp.



***



Things were more tense than they had ever been between them. That night, instead of meeting in front of the fire on the beach, Oceans climbed into her repaired hammock and fell into a restless sleep. Sleep for Marshall did not come as easy. He had violated an unspoken promise to her.



The next morning while they ate their simple breakfast of leftover bammie spread with mashed fruit, Marshall cleared his throat. Oceans tensed. She didn't want to talk about it, argue, or disagree. She just wanted to wait. He clamped his mouth closed, seeing her reaction and quickly finished his meal, then he went about repairing the lobster trap. Oceans looked over at his back as he hunched over his work.



Marshall wove the pieces of vine through the base that Oceans had carefully created. It normally collected enough small fish to be used as bait in order to attract more lobsters—well as long as the struggling lobsters didn't destroy the trap. He sighed forlornly. He missed his best friend...worse is that he couldn't stand not knowing if she hated him. Then he felt her hands on his back, gliding along the sun bronzed flesh. He shivered at her touch and squinted up at her.



Oceans sat down beside him. "I'm not angry with you. I'm just scared." He nodded. She was scared because of something he'd caused.



"When is your period due?"



"In a few days."



His stomach dropped. He had paid attention in health class, and had needed to know these things due to 'close calls' that he had avoided in the past—Marshall understood that a woman could only get pregnant during ovulation. Ovulation is what happened right before a woman's period. Days, she had said. He gathered her in his arms and didn't make false promises. She needed not to be pregnant. He needed for her to trust him again.



Ocean's period did not come.



Weeks later Marshall was leaning against the fallen log which amounted to their second home. It is where they ate their meals, where they'd made love, where they relaxed. Now he watched her with reverence. She was poking at the fire with a long stick in deep thought. They both were. She was carrying his baby. That made this woman his world. The three of them were the sun, the moon and the stars and there was nothing else in the universe but that.



She looked at him and hid a grimace. She could see the look of acceptance on his face. He already saw a baby in their future. She knew that there wouldn't be. With a sigh she went over to him and lay against his strong body. Marshall's arm went around her protectively.



"Oceans, by your calculations you're three weeks late. Have you ever been this late before?" He was staring down at her as she lay cuddled in his arms and she was staring at the fire. It was dusk and they didn't need the warmth, but they took great strides to keep at least the embers burning.



She shook her head slowly. "I've been late but never like this, a few days is normal, but for me, not more than a week." Even the first month that she'd had a cycle on the Island hadn't been this late, and that had been after a traumatic event.



"I'm sorry." He said for what seemed like the hundredth time. And for the hundredth time she gave him the obligatory response that it was both of them, not just him. "I'm coming up with a plan to build a cradle. It can hang from the branch like our hammocks, but using vines-"



"Marshall." She said suddenly. "I don't want to have a baby."



He sighed. "I know, Oceans." He tightened his grip slightly until she looked up at him. "This is not optimum, but I want you to know this; I love you. I love you! I want you in my world and that includes WHEN we get off this island. You and our child are a part of my life now." She shrugged out of his arms and stood turning to stare down at him.



"You don't understand, Marshall! I don't intend to have this child!"



His head shook back in forth in confusion, or perhaps denial. He gaped at her, incapable of speaking for several moments. "What? H-how...?"



"There have long been ways for women to abort an unwanted pregnancy, Marshall. There are many roots and herbs right here on the island...some of the things that we eat every day can cause a miscarriage." He closed his mouth after a moment and frowned. He was having a problem trying to process her words yet she continued to speak. "The sooner I take the medicine the better-"





"Oceans are you crazy!" He jumped to his feet right before her. "You want to self-abort on a deserted island?" He just gaped and stared at her. Was she out of her mind? He tried to calm himself and tentatively reached out to stroke her arms. "Baby, this is crazy-"



She shook him loose. "I'm just forcing my period!"



He took a calming breath. One of them had to stay sane in this moment. "If it were that easy then why do so many women die from having an abortion?" He threw up his hands, giving in to his anger and confusion. "I can't believe that you would even consider doing something that dangerous! Something that could cause a miscarriage could kill you too, am I right?"



Ocean's took a moment to answer. "Yes, it could be dangerous the further along you are, but at this point-"



"Then no." He shook his head and walked away toward the water where he spent so much time fishing--where his mind could shut down and be at peace. He turned around suddenly. "No." He said again. Marshall came back to Oceans. "I won't take a chance of losing you-"



"Giving birth is dangerous too!"



"Not the same thing, baby. And you know it!"



Oceans closed her eyes. Marshall just wanted what Marshall wanted. He wanted her, a baby and a little hut on the beach where they could fish, make love by the fire, and be entertained by their baby. How wonderful! They could sit and tell stories to their tribe of children; about big buildings and electricity and those strange things that fly through the air called planes! She would rather slit her wrists then to live an existence like that! Her eyes flashed fire as she glared at him.



"I know that you don't get it. It doesn't even matter if you do or don't. I've already made the decision, Marshall. I'm sorry, but I'm going to end this pregnancy." His heart fell in his chest and he couldn't breathe.



"Oceans how can you say that? You really don't think I have a say in this?" She looked at him feeling his pain down to her core.



"Yes...no. I mean-" she swallowed. "I do think you have a say, Marshall. But it's not a situation where I'm confused or need convincing. I have no confusion over this. I do NOT want to have a child on this Island! Period. Women do this every day...on Islands without the help of doctors. So honey, as much as I love you, I am not changing my mind." Her eyes took on a steely glint that He'd never seen before. Marshall licked his lips and then he turned away and walked down to the rock wall along the beachfront. He climbed to the top of the dangerous, slippery surface and stared at the Ocean until the sun set and the light of the moon was all that illuminated the distant horizon.



***



When Marshall returned to the hut it was in the wee hours of the night and Oceans was already in her hammock sleeping. He carefully climbed into his own, still in deep thought. For the last several hours he had examined the situation from all angles. Oceans didn't want to bring an additional person to this Island to be stranded with them. And he didn't want to risk aborting the pregnancy, harming her—and frankly, he wanted the baby.



This child, that she carried, represented a union of their love. Marshall wasn't a stupid man. He liked to think that he had a better understanding of things, maybe a better grasp of how things worked then the average man on the streets. He'd been involved with women that he had thought he loved. But if one of them had gotten pregnant he would have looked for the first out possible. He didn't think that made him a bad person. It just meant that he didn't want a link to someone that he didn't want as a permanent fixture in his life. He knew that his strong link to Oceans was most likely attributed to the fact that there was nothing but the two of them. But the REASON that he loved her was not important. He did. And he already loved their baby.



The idea of this baby made his heart soar with joy. There was a brightness to this existence that was now his life. Having a family here; Oceans, a baby...how could it be anything but good? He wanted this family as much as he wanted to get off the Island! This baby was his and he wanted it as he wanted Oceans. And yes, he knew that the reason he wanted it so strongly was more than likely because there was nothing but the three of them...but again, the reason didn't matter.



It was close to dawn before Marshall finally fell into a restless sleep, these thoughts haunting his dreams.



Their life cycled with the sun; which meant that they normally rose at sunrise and were asleep not long after sunset. When Oceans awakened she immediately looked over to Marshall's hammock. He had finally come in at some point while she slept. He didn't move and she figured that he had been very late coming in. Their first fight had left her feeling hurt and confused. The confusion had nothing to do with her decision to abort the baby, but the fact that for the first time ever, their connection to each other was broken. She had cried most of the night, but knew that her decision was the right one. If she was going to end this pregnancy she had to do it now, as the longer she waited the more dangerous it would be. Marshall didn't understand because it was not him that would carry, nurture and birth a human being. He didn't understand how much it cost her to make this decision.





Quietly she dressed in jeans and a t-shirt that was perfect clothing for the task she had at hand. She was going to break one of the few rules they had, which was not to go into the forest alone. But she couldn't ask him to go with her. That would be too cruel. With one last look at the sleeping man that she loved, Oceans slipped out of the hut.



The forest was filled with items that even with her practiced eye, she couldn't identify. Maybe some of them would be considered delicious food or maybe a deadly poison. But she avoided anything she didn't know. There were plenty of herbs and roots that she could identify, and any number of them could cause a miscarriage. Most under-ripe fruit could do the job, but would also cause a lot of cramping and pain. However, Oceans already knew what she wanted to use.



There was a bright red root whose official name she did not know. But the women of her little Jamaican town knew of this plant and had passed down its uses from mother to daughter for generations untold. Though she did not have a mother to teach her these things, Oceans felt confident that she knew how to use it. First the dark outer bark would need to be removed revealing the tender bright red root that would then need to be shaved into fibrous bits. The shavings then had to be soaked in water. After some time the poison laced water was squeezed and drank. Within hours it would cause violent contractions and the pregnancy would come to an end.



She found the root easily, but also searched for items high in iron that she could stew into a healthy broth. Afterwards she would need good food and plenty of water to wash away the toxins from her system. It only took her less than an hour to forage for what she needed and when she returned to the outer fire, Marshall was still sleeping. That was probably good. It wouldn't take long to prepare it.



Quickly she stoked the fire back to life and then positioned the pot to boil the broth that she absently prepared. Now that it was time to do this thing she was afraid. No woman wanted to go through what she was going to put herself through...She was squeezing the red liquid into a clay cup and thinking that she would throw the cup away afterwards, when she noticed Marshall standing behind her, watching her actions intently.



She jumped and almost spilled the precious liquid. "You scared me!" She bit out, annoyed that jumping made her appear guilty.



"What are you doing?" He was staring at the bright red liquid that now stained her fingers as if the deed had already been done.



She looked at the red shavings in order to not look at him. "I'm making the medicine." After a moment he moved a few short steps to look into the pot of stewing broth.



"So you're going to do this?" He finally said.



"Yes." was her simple response.



Marshall squatted down in front of her. "I don't want you to do this...but I suppose that won't change your mind." He paused. "So just tell me what to do to make this go smoothly."



Her eyes grew wide. She couldn't believe that he would be willing to do this for her. After a brief nod she explained what would happen, how long it would take and the things that he could do to help her. Marshall never interrupted once. When she was done talking his face had gone whiter then she'd seen it in months, but he nodded his understanding.



She looked down at the liquid in the cup and before she lost her courage she drank it down quickly. When she looked back up Marshall gave her a quick, shaky smile but his eyes seemed bright and they glistened.





Oceans grimaced at the bitter taste that flooded her mouth and she fought not to vomit it up. Marshall handed her a ripe mango which she gratefully accepted, biting into the tough outer skin to get to the juicy sweet fruit within. While she worked on the mango, Marshall wrapped the red shavings of the toxic root into a banana leaf. He looked into the cup and before Oceans could say anything he tasted the last few drops there. Quickly he turned his head and spit into the sand.



It was foul tasting and Marshal wanted to get it out of camp as soon as possible. Maybe it was a superstitious way to feel but he didn't want it anywhere near him. "Oceans, I'm going to bury this in the forest. Will you be okay for a few minutes? I want to check the lobster trap. I won't be long-"



She smiled softly. "Marshall, go. I'm going into the hut to rest."



"Well carry a spear with you," he passed her the hunting knife, "and this as well."



She accepted the hunting knife although it seemed ridiculous. A wild boar was incapable of climbing into the hut. But she supposed she understood what he was feeling. Marshall watched her until she had disappeared into the hut and then he hurried into the forest, using a stick and his fingers to dig a shallow grave to deposit the offending articles. Afterwards, he rushed to the ocean to check the lobster trap. There was one small crab whose meat would be perfect for the broth that Oceans was brewing. Every second that he was away from her felt like hours, so he sprinted back to camp, tossing the small crab into the pot as he passed it. He didn't stop until he was standing panting in the doorway and Oceans was watching him curiously. She gave him a brief solemn smile which he returned before he backed out of the hut.



This was the first time since being stranded that Marshall didn't want to be in the same room with her.



***



The day was long, each minute dragging on endlessly. Though he should be used to it, the heat was stifling and he pulled his long hair back to the nape of his neck and tied it with a piece of string that he always kept shoved into his pants pocket just for that purpose. At noon he entered the hut with a bowl of broth and some fresh water. Oceans was dozing in her hammock. She was also covered in sweat.



"Babe. I brought you something to eat." She looked at him with sleep dazed eyes.



"I'm not hungry." He put the soup on the stump that served as a table.



"Try. It's really hot out and we don't need you getting dehydrated." He placed the clay cup to her lips and reluctantly she took a few sips. She grimaced then closed her eyes again. Marshall went to her suitcase where she had rags from a torn dress. He poured fresh water on one of them and used it to dab her face. She didn't open her eyes.



"Is it supposed to make you sleepy?" He whispered.



"I don't know." She murmured after a few moments. She sounded drugged.



"How do you feel?" He was anxious that she didn't know if she was supposed to be sleepy. Maybe she was having an overdose.



"...stomach hurts."



He had an equal desire to sooth her pain as he did to yell at her for putting herself through this. Instead, he placed his lips on her forehead and left for a while.



***



~Two days later~



Ocean rocked back and forth slightly in her hammock. It swayed, reminding her of the tire swing that had been in the backyard of her house when she was a kid. Daddy had put it up and painted it white and red. The white paint would come off and end up on her jeans and then Mama would fuss about it. But after a washing it would always come out. Oceans remembered staring up at the sky and swinging slowly, back and forth, daydreaming about god, her future, a boy that she liked—what her future would hold.



She used the tip of her toe to keep her little bed swaying. She still didn't have very much energy, though it had been two days since she had squatted in the forest and expelled the contents of her womb. That pain had been bigger then she had expected; sharp and never ending. And now there was just a soreness that she associated with childbirth—though there was no baby to hold in her arms to minimize that pain.



She wiped her brow. The hut was stifling and slightly dark even though the entrance had no door to shut out the sunlight--just something that Marshall propped up against it in the event that it was raining or the night grew cold. It was mid-day and they generally napped or rested during this hottest part of the day. But Marshall hadn't come in...again. She climbed out of the hammock and reached for the broth that had been her food for days now. Marshall kept it going by adding more ingredients when he found them like a starter yeast back home on the island. She knew a woman that had used the same base for her bread for twelve years! She finished the broth and carried the cup outside to wash. This and plenty of water is what would rid her body of the toxins she had taken.



Marshall was making a second lobster trap, hoping to improve on Ocean's design. He'd studied engineering in college, not sure if he would take that career path or accounting. A part time job as a bookkeeper pretty much solved that dilemma. He had always been good at working with his hands and puzzling out things...like how to trick a lobster into this odd looking device. But it worked for Oceans so it should work for him.



He heard Oceans' approach and noted the empty cup in her hands. He felt ashamed. She should not have had to get up for more food.



"Hi babe." He hurried over and took the cup. "How are you feeling?" He filled it with warm broth.



"I just drank some. I don't want anymore." He handed it to her anyway and with a sigh she drank most of it. After she had finished as much as she could stomach, she watched him for a moment. "Marshall, you know what I'd like to do?"



"What?" He asked absently as he continued with his lobster trap.



"I'd like to go down to the waterfall again."



He gave her a surprised look. They hadn't gone back there since she killed the baby pig. It was by unspoken understanding that they not go back there.



"Why?"



She rubbed her elbows. "It's so hot. I'd like to stand under the waterfall." She wanted to bath...wash everything away.



"No."



He turned back to the lobster trap and continued weaving the strong vines through the structure. At first Oceans didn't think she'd heard him, or maybe she thought he'd add more. But he didn't.



"What do you mean, no?"



He glanced up at her. "I'm busy, babe, can't you see? I'm going to be working on this most of the afternoon. Then I'm going out for wood."



"By yourself?"





"Well I can't very well expect a woman that just had an ab-...miscarriage to help carry heavy wood. You should rest, at least until your cycle is over."



Oceans stared at him silently. But Marshall had already returned to his task. Reluctantly she returned to the hut.



***



Marshall had kept himself very busy since the day he helped her into the forest to squat amongst the rotten leaves and dirt to eject his dead baby. Though he knew that he should see things differently, maybe even be grateful that there wouldn't be another person doomed to the Island—he didn't feel that way at all. What he felt is that he was supposed to protect them...and he hadn't. He certainly hadn't protected Oceans from having to do this thing that he could see she didn't want to do. He hadn't protected himself from the resentment and sadness he felt at her decision to do it...and he certainly hadn't protected the little fetus created from an act of love that now was forever to fester in the earth of a lone Caribbean island.



So all he could do these past two days was to try to turn his brain off and to not think about how little control he had over the things that could devastate him. Sometimes he wondered if it would not have been better to have been alone. He didn't want anything to happen to Oceans, it's just that she held so much power over him. Her actions brought him joy or pain.



For the next few days he never spoke unless it was to ask her to eat, drink or if she needed help to relieve herself. When he left her to sleep in the hut he roamed the beach or filled the jugs and carried them back to camp, repeating the trip over and over until there were no more water jugs to fill. Then he had to think of something else to occupy his body. He made rope from vines, and then patched the roof where it had grown threadbare. He did whatever he could find to keep himself from having to be in the hut with Oceans.



He loved her. But he thought that he might hate her a little, as well.





~Month 6~



Ocean's counted the scratches on the piece of fiberglass. She could barely believe that it had been six months on the Island. Time had stood still for them. Marshall was so different from the man that had stepped onto the small jet plane. Now his skin was a nut brown and his hair was bleached to nearly white and hung to his shoulder blades. He'd resisted cutting it since it could be held back out of his eyes with his trusty piece of parachute string. His body was chiseled perfectly. His hands and feet were toughened by his labors and did not seem the same hands that had pressed the keypads of his calculator, or scribbled figures into a record book. He definitely wasn't the same man that had worn an Armani suit and had dined on a Cesar salad and a glass of pinot before boarding a doomed plane.



Ocean's transformation was no less severe. Her rounded figure was now tight and wired with muscles. It was a rare day that she didn't have to climb, pull, drag, or lift item after item. Her short curls were now long braids that she tried to maintain, redoing them on a weekly basis. In her thirty years, Oceans had seen the loss of her parents, the abuse of a man, the feel of loneliness...but it took this Island to remove the joy from her beautiful dark eyes. Now, life was a routine of cooking, foraging, repairing, eating and sleeping. She didn't even have the comfort of her best friend, for Marshall barely spoke to her--or when he did speak to her he never looked at her.



She knew that he couldn't stand the sight of her, which is the reason he found more and more of a reason to be outside of the hut. And truthfully, when he was around, the tension made it difficult for her. The guilt of abortion had to be relived over and over at his silent accusation. He never verbally threw the act in her face. He didn't have to. His silence and reluctance was word enough. Sometimes she'd watch him as he slept and remembered a time when neither could stand not to touch the other, and then she would long for the pleasure that he always brought her.



She left the hut and went out to the fire where Marshall was whittling a flat spatula. The other had gotten burned when he'd left it in the pot unattended. That had been very boneheaded of him. He was usually more responsible than that. These items were precious as they took a lot of effort to create. It wasn't like he could just walk over to the nearest TARGET to buy more utensils! He heard her approach and wondered what she wanted this time. She had her tasks, he had his, so why did her tasks become his?! 'Marshall,' she'd say, 'this ackee fruit is under-ripe the berries aren't fully exposed. 'Marshall the hut is too dark,' or 'Marshall your lobster trap won't work, the opening is too large.' Worse is when she'd come to him and say, 'Marshall lets swim like we used to.' Or 'Marshall lets watch the fire together.' Then he'd have to think of a nice way to say no.



No Oceans, I don't want to cuddle with you. No Oceans I don't want to listen to you tell me all the shit I'm doing wrong. Oceans, why should you care when my birthday is? I'll be 28 forever because time has stopped here. And I'm trapped. I'm trapped with a woman that I can't even look at!



"Marshall?"



"Yes?" He said as he delicately thinned out the wood with the blade. He concentrated very hard on the knife and on the spatula.



"It's been sixty days since we said we'd go to the other side of the Island." He didn't say anything and she squatted down on the mat and sat down next to him.



"Marshall?" She prompted after a full minute of silence. He lowered the knife.



"I heard you Oceans." Then he gave her a steady look. "The other side of the Island? What EXACTLY is the other side of the Island? Is it the RIGHT side? The LEFT side? This is a freaking circle! All sides are going to have the exact same thing as this one. EXCEPT it won't have a hut, a clearing, a fire pit, and ALL of the work that we put into making this camp...HOME."



Oceans' gaze didn't waver. "You're just trying to start an argument because you don't want to go anymore-"



"I never wanted to go." He resumed his delicate whittling. "I was just going to go because you wanted to."



Oceans waited. "And now you're not?"



"Right. I'm not."



Oceans gave him a sad look. "It doesn't have to be like this between us."



"Like what?" His expression was a cool mask. He set the half formed spatula and knife down to the side of him. She wanted to do this then he'd do this.



"It's like you're punishing me-"



He shook his head. "No." He said adamantly. "Oceans DON'T make this about what I'm doing to you. I've done nothing to you but take care of you. Really, if there is something that is not right between us then that's because of you."



Oceans resumed rubbing her elbows miserably. She felt a lump forming in her throat and tears stinging her eyes. "I know." She said in a voice thick with emotion. "You think that I don't realize how badly I hurt you? And that I don't understand that only a portion of this has to do with a baby that won't ever get born? So much of this has to do with ME making the decision to do this without your okay."



Marshall looked at her for the first time in weeks.



"I'm sorry." She whispered. "I..." she swallowed. "I believe that I did the right thing, but it's still hard." She looked out towards the water and allowed herself to hear the sounds of the crashing waves that she had long ago learned to tune out. "I wanted to have your baby. I still do."



His back straightened and she brought her gaze back to him. He had a disgusted look on his face that surprised her.



He stood up and stared down at her. He had wiped away the look she'd seen there but she would never forget it. "When we get off this Island, it's probably best if we go our own separate ways." He turned swiftly and headed toward the water's edge where he did much of this fishing and thinking. He stripped out of his shorts as he walked and the sun beat down on his bronze skin until he reached the water and dove into its depths, where mercifully all of his senses were muted.



***



That night, Marshall slept on the beach near the fire pit where he and Oceans had shared so many memories. When he'd returned from his swim, many hours later, Oceans had retreated to the hut and after a light dinner he'd fallen asleep where he sat. He knew that he should have apologized for his harsh words. He didn't mean what he'd said. Actually he meant it, but he knew that he meant much more then that statement. Yes he was angry. And he needed to let her know...he even needed space from her. Beyond that he didn't know much else. For so long Oceans had been associated with pleasure, friendship and love. Now this new feeling was overshadowing the other...but did he no longer love her?



Marshall got up and walked to the hut. She was right, it was too dark. They needed a window. Still, it wasn't hard for him to see that Ocean's had left. Her hammock had been taken down and though her suitcase still set in the corner it was empty of all of her belongings.



Marshall stood there for a long time. She had left for the other side of the Island—but just as he'd said earlier...



Where was the other side of the Island?



***



Marshall pulled on the shoes that had once belonged to Geddes. He seldom needed shoes now that his feet had become accustomed to the terrain. Next he shed his worn shorts for a pair of jeans. They rode low on his waist and were too confining for everyday life. In truth, he'd go naked and be just fine. Last he pulled on a short-sleeved button down shirt. The clothing and shoes were necessary for the biting insects and mosquitoes that lived in the denser parts of the forest.



On his way out of the hut he picked up one of his spears and made sure that he had his hunting knife. He walked into the forest, never looking behind him once, and soon the place that he and Oceans had called home disappeared behind him.



If Marshall had hoped to see a clear path that would lead him straight to Oceans' whereabouts then he was sadly mistaken. The forest had been tramped through as they had used the surroundings for foraging. He wondered if she had used the stream as a guide to the main water source. It would mean going beyond the water hole that they had first found so many months before. He had a grim look on his face. Using the water source as a guide was also a sure fire way to run into an actual predator.



They had never seen evidence of anything larger than the wild boar pigs on the island. There were small rodents, lizards, snakes etc. But there were no monkeys—at least on their small part of the Island. There was no telling what they would find by going deeper into the forest, or closer to the fresh water source.



As Marshall walked he couldn't stop his brain from repeating the last conversation that he and Oceans had. His stomach plunged to his feet each time he thought about how he'd told her that they should go their own separate ways. He had to concentrate! He couldn't keep reliving that moment. He focused on his surroundings, listening for the thrashing of a wild boar. If one appeared before him, he knew that it wouldn't be so easy to outrun it. They moved pretty fast despite their bulk.



Before he knew it, he was standing at the water hole and staring absently at the waterfall. She'd asked to come here and he'd told her no, just flatly, no. He moved to the water's edge and drank long, as he had not brought anything to carry water in. He took another moment to eat some fallen fruit and to rest. Then he examined the footprints that he saw imprinted in the soft earth. His was the only human footprints. Damn. Then she hadn't stopped here.



For the first time he began to panic. He scanned the area desperately while scratching his head. Did she go to the left of their encampment? To the right? To the far side?



"Oceans?!!!" He yelled. "OCEANS!!" The birds took flight but in their aftermath there was no response to his call.





The panic that Marshall felt was short lived. His eyes scanned the area carefully in case he had missed anything of importance. Several birds were bathing on the rocky surface surrounding the little lagoon. Normally he would have found a rock to throw at them, but hunting was not on his mind.



He turned on his heels and headed right back to camp. This time he went at a fast jog. Maybe she had gone back. Maybe she was there right now waiting for him, hoping that they could make the trip together, and yes. Yes he would! Marshall ran until he was too tired to run, then he walked until he got his breath and began the cycle again. He was back at camp by high noon when the sun was at its hottest. His body was drenched in sweat and he had long ago removed his shirt to tie around his waist.



He crashed into camp like a mad wild boar, pulling himself up into the hut without touching the ladder. He looked around, chest heaving.



She wasn't there.



He didn't know what to do, but he knew that he had to rest, to sit down or to lay down rest so that he could think. Stumbling back out to the fire pit, now completely dead and cold, he collapsed onto the woven mat and covered his face with his arm to block the sun from his eyes. After what seemed like a long time, his heart finally calmed and he was able to breathe normally. He did not move. He could think clearly now. But instead of thinking of a plan to find Ocean's his desperate mind latched onto the memory that he had fought so hard to try to forget.



***



On that night, many weeks ago, it was close to dark when Ocean's cramps became strong and almost unbearable. Marshall had been dozing on the beach. He had moved the mat further from the embers of the fire and closer to the hut, but found that he was unable, even then, to rest in the same room with her. Exhausted from worry, he had finally fallen into a restless sleep, only to be awakened by strange animal cries. For a moment he thought it was his dog needing to be let out. With an unsettling jolt, he remembered that he wasn't in his New York loft, and his dog Peeva was probably never going to be walked by him again. Marshall leaped to his feet and fell up the ladder and into the hut.



Oceans was trying to climb out of her hammock, doubled up in pain. She looked like she was on the verge of upending herself and hitting the unyielding floor below. Marshall quickly scooped her into his arms, cursing himself for napping out on the beach when he should have been inside monitoring her. Oceans shivered in his arms. She was covered in sweat, even her hair was in moist ringlets that hung in her face. She was groaning loudly and trying to bite them back to the extent that her lips were bruised and bloodied in spots.



Marshall saw a large dark red spot on her hammock and he felt himself weave on his feet as if he would black out. She was murmuring something over and over and he concentrated on her words. Bathroom.



She needed to relieve herself. Marshall didn't bother with the ladder, but leaped down to the sand, landing on his feet lightly even with the added weight of Oceans. He carried her quickly into the forest, not even stopping to grab a spear though he did have his hunting knife with him.



She groaned again and clutched her belly and he could see sweat streaming down her face. When they were a short distance within the forest, he carefully lowered her to her feet. She crouched down instantly to her knees and began pulling off her soiled dress. Her nude, sweat slicked body continued to tremble.



"W-water. And rags, to wash." She had said in a low guttural voice. Marshall dashed back to camp with thoughts of wild boars attacking her while she was defenseless. He grabbed a spear along with a full jug of water and some fresh rags. As an after-thought he also grabbed her afghan.



When he returned she was squatting with her hands between her legs. Blood was everywhere. Marshall turned his mind off and helped her as best he could. There were times when she screamed out into the night as a sharp cramp hit her, and he supported her bent form. She was exhausted and yet she continued to squat or kneel trying to expel the contents of her womb.



Many hours later, the worst of Oceans pain had receded and she was carried to the sea where Marshall bathed her exhausted body. After the salt water bath he rinsed her with fresh water from the few remaining jugs and put her in his hammock while he took apart hers to wash. He went about these tasks in a stupor, robotically doing what needed to be done. He avoided thoughts of what he had witnessed as well as thoughts of what lay like so much trash in the filth of the jungle.



***



When Marshall finally ended his reverie, the sun had moved letting him know that it was now mid afternoon. He hadn't even realized that he had fallen into an exhausted sleep. But it had served one purpose—now he was able to formulate a plan. He rose stiffly to his feet, taking stock of the camp. He returned to the hut and collected several items of clothing, as well as the rope that he had so recently created. He placed these items onto the mat that had been his bed for the last few weeks. He deposited anything that he thought he'd need on his travels, and when it was filled he rolled it and tied the ends with parachute string, forming a type of sling so that he could carry the package over his shoulders. He did not take his hammock. He planned to come back—with Oceans.



Marshall checked the water jugs and chose a mid-sized one. Ocean's had made handles so that it was easy for him to loop parachute string through it, allowing the large jug to hang from his shoulders as well. Now he had a bed roll, a water jug, and last he picked up a spear. He took one last look at the place that had been his home. Left behind was their precious pot, their salt, all of the pottery that Ocean's had created...all of the things that had made this a home. Grimly, Marshall faced the loud crashing waves of the sea.



He had a plan. The other side of the Island was actually another beach. That is where she was going. She was headed for a different beach somewhere on this Island, and if he just walked along the beach until he had circled the Island, then he would meet her.



***



Marshall walked that first day, until the sun was an orange glow in the distance. He had decided to go in the opposite direction from where they had initially washed ashore. They went back to that abandoned campsite fairly often and so he opted for the opposite direction.



His camp that night was just his mat on the sand. He gripped the spear in his fist as he slept, too tired to even make a fire and for the first time in ages he didn't care about wild boars coming for him. The idea was actually welcomed in that he could virtually picture himself spearing and repeatedly bludgeoning something.



He did this for days, keeping to the forest's edge where there was more protection from the sun's burning rays. He ate what he saw fallen on the ground, the small snails that he scraped from the side of the rocks on the water's edge, or the vegetation that he recognized from Oceans' lessons. Seldom did he build a fire and he never saw any evidence of someone else's...



Marshall didn't read anything into that. Oceans wasn't building a fire, that's all that meant. What did she have to build a fire with? He had the lighter. Rubbing sticks together for fire was an exercise in patience and under those circumstances fire became a luxury.



Often over the next several days he thought about yelling her name. That was desperation talking. His voice would be carried away over the crashing of the waves never to be heard by anything other than the gulls that circled the waves.



One day he ventured into the forest to fill his water jug. Sometimes it would take him days to find fresh water. But he knew the fruit to eat, or the plants that would sustain him. As he walked, he replayed his last words to Oceans, fantasizing that he had followed through with his previous promise to travel with her. Then he would think that if he had done that then Oceans was actually right beside him.



He picked up two mangoes and examined them carefully. "Which one, babe?" he murmured. "Okay." He dropped the reject to the ground and used his hunting knife to carefully peel the more ripe fruit. He sat on the ground and ate slowly as his eyes carefully scanned his surroundings for movement.



***



"Are you sure this snake is ok to eat Oceans?" Marshall had stomped the head of the snake that had fallen from the trees almost on top of him. It wasn't very big and he had no idea if it was poisonous or not. He'd just slung it with his spear and then reflexively stomped it to death. Hunger is what drove him to pick up the unmoving creature and skin it. He then carried it back to the beach where he made a small fire and he used a stick to spit the snake meat.



He was sitting on his haunches before the fire roasting the snake. It smelled damn good. Taste like chicken, the imaginary Oceans said and Marshall shrieked in laughter.



"Taste like chicken! As if we remember what chicken taste like!" He chuckled periodically at that joke as he carefully picked a piece of hot meat from the stick. His fingertips almost sizzled from the heat and fat and he quickly placed his injured fingertips to his mouth. The fat from the snake meat tasted delicious and he dismissed the fear of burning to gobble up every bit of it.



"Damn babe, you were right! This does taste like chicken!" He chugged some water when his meal was over, then searched the sand for fallen scraps. Now Marshalls was thin to the point that his rib bones were clearly defined beneath his skin. In the past he kept his facial hair shaved or at least cut down to a short beard. Now his beard was bushy and thick. At times it itched to high hell and he'd scratch, surprised that it had grown so long.



Then he would look at his arm where he had scratched the small lines with the tip of the knife. At first he had been a bitch about it, never even drawing more than a bead of blood. Now each scratch bled...which was okay because he had to pay penance, right? Penance for everyday that Oceans was gone. He counted each of them; a nightly ritual. There were sixty-nine. Of course he had covered one arm and had started on the other, and these weren't as neat, but who cared. Oceans didn't. He picked up the hunting knife and scratched one more. Seventy. Seventy days since Oceans had left. That was over two months...



How many steps had he taken in that time? How many miles had he travelled? He didn't know. He walked for anywhere from eight to ten hours a day. He didn't move slow, he didn't move fast. And yet he hadn't reached their camp yet. And he had no idea how much further he had to go until he would.



There was never any sign of Oceans, no indication that she had ever existed. Oceans is the water...not a person. Then that would mean that he is crazy. Seventy days did not make you crazy. But maybe...maybe nine months stranded on an island did.



***



The next day Marshall came to a decision. He was walking the long stretch of beach, not mindful of the relentless beat of the sun as it was still early morning and not unbearably hot. He liked his feet in the wet sand, and sometimes he found conk or crab to eat.



His eyes were alert to the sight of half buried crab. They'd come bounding out of the wet sand and it would be a lucky day for him! In the forest he'd seen a lone wild boar; old and thin to the point of emaciation. At first Marshall had been terrified. Adrenalin had flooded his body leaving behind a coppery taste on his tongue. The wild boar was still some distance away and it had raised its own aged head, catching his scent.



Marshall's grip had tightened on the spear before he realized that he was no different than that wild boar. They were both just trying to make it to the next day. Whether it was his loss of fear, or the age of the animal, but both man and pig moved warily away from the other. Marshall realized then that if he lost his life to a wild boar, then it was just a matter of course. There was no secret hidden agenda that the wild boars were out to get him. It was a matter of natural order. Something had to die in order for something else to live.



The morning that Marshall had come to the decision to kill himself was like any other; the long stretch of beach, the search for food, the cool wet sand on his feet. The only difference is that there was something else there on the beach. He saw it from the distance and thought it was a piece of wood sticking from the wet sand. It was odd because there had never been randomly placed wood pieces sticking out of the sand in the previous days of his journey, and besides it gleamed in a way that wood couldn't.



He frowned and picked up his pace, jogging towards the thing sticking out of the sand. As he grew closer his heart began to slam in his chest as he recognized what it was. He came to a skidding halt and stared. Bones. Human bones.



The bones gleamed white; bleached by the sun. Marshall sank to his knees and began to frantically dig. Broken bones were revealed and finally he uncovered a skull. It was clean; old—not Oceans. There were people here?! Other people?!



Marshall pulled himself to his feet. People...He looked around as if there would suddenly be a colony of humans inhabiting the surrounding trees watching him. He dug his hand in his hair as he looked around frantically.





***



Marshall didn't realize that he was clutching the skull tightly within his fist. His heart felt like it was beating out of his chest and his knees were weak. All he knew is that he felt strange standing out in the middle of the beach like a target. He intended to hurry towards the relative safety of the forest but something else caught his eye.



Marshall blinked but what he saw was no mirage. This Island had large rocks and perhaps he had been distracted by the familiar images of the rock formations. But now he clearly saw the evidence of the wooden structure that set on the beach not more than a mile ahead of him.



Marshall began jogging forward. It was mid-morning or he would not have dared doing this in the Caribbean heat. But he jogged forward, still gripping the skull, his bare feet slapping the wet sand, by-passing the succulent conk and the scurrying crab. He stumbled to a stop only a few feet from the wrecked ship. At some point it must have been quite a formidable ship. But now it was just broken bones; like that of the body he'd found several yards back.



He thought of Noah's Ark—not that he believed this was the Ark, but the idea that the Ark was buried in the sand of some Middle Eastern desert--probably preserved like a mummified corpse, was brought to mind.



The bottom half of the ship was buried in the sand—a good indication that it had been there for years, perhaps decades. He walked around the broken shell, noting that one end of it had rotted and had been carried away by the tide at some point in time. What remained was still a good size. The broken deck rose approximately four feet over his head and what remained of the length was several yards in length. Excitedly, he thought about what he and Oceans could use from the ship. He moved further ashore and dropped his belongings, surprised to see the skull still in his hands. He brushed his palm against his dirty jeans, as if he could wipe away the evidence of death.



Quickly, he hurried to the broken end and stepped inside. Sand had completely filled the cavity and as it was wide opened, he figured that there would be nothing salvageable on this level. Besides it would take him weeks to dig through the sand. He needed to find a hatch to the lower level. If being buried had protected the lower cargo from the harsh elements, then perhaps there would be useful items inside. Down below, there could be rum, spices, tools...



But the amount of sand that collected inside the cavity filled it to the ceiling. He would need a bulldozer to shovel through it. Eyeing the upper level, he walked away a few steps then did a running leap, catching the upper deck and dangling there for a moment before he was able to drag himself up. His arms no longer had the same strength that they'd had weeks ago. And once he was lying on the worn wooden floor there, he had to lay on his back panting for breath. He eyed his surroundings as he lay there.



The mast had been broken and lay like a thick telephone pole onto the deck. Parts of the sail was still present; rotted and moldy. Marshall was certainly no expert on boats, but he'd seen enough pirate movies to know that this was more like a pirate ship then a modern day sailboat. He stood up. The floor was solid. It didn't even creak.



He was more confident than ever that the lower holds would be intact. He scanned the surrounding rocks and figured out the story here. The ship tried to come ashore and hit the rocks. Why? Why did they try it? His eyes caught sight of the hatch. In movies it was raised above the floor and it was no different on this ship. He hurried to it and tried to raise the door. The metal hinges were so rusted that they had seized, though with little effort the wood gave way from the metal.



It was dark down below, but despite the total blackness, he did not see sand. Marshall grinned and felt his lips crack. Damn, he'd forgotten about eating and drinking again. He took note of the position of the sun and saw that it was high noon. If he wasn't careful he'd be dead of heat stroke!



"For fucks sake!" He grumbled. But it wasn't as if he could go down there without a torch anyways. Marshall lowered himself down to the sandy ground and headed back to his possessions. He unplugged the top of his water jug and drank long of the stagnant, hot water. He picked up this pack in order to move closer to the forest under the shade of the trees and as an after though he picked up the skull and carried it with him. Once he found a coconut to break open and he'd drank the sweet water and eaten the contents, he sat back and studied the skull. The bone was clean and white.



Oceans should be here with him for this discovery. "Baby, why do you think they tried coming ashore?"



In his mind, Oceans responded that they may have needed fresh fruit. Or maybe they were all sick. Diseases probably ran rampant on ships in those days. With a sigh Marshall tucked the skull into his pack. He couldn't leave it here. That just wasn't right. He'd bury it when he got a chance, maybe back with the rest of the bones.



He knew how to make a successful torch, and to do so quickly and efficiently. He would use the rags from the sails of the ship. He left his possessions back near the edge of the forest and went back to the ship, hauling himself back onto deck. Once back on the ship's deck he used the fresh, green branch that he had pulled from a tree and wrapped it with scraps of cloth. Other scraps he shoved into his pocket before he took his lighter to it. The cloth went up quickly.



He hurried back to the hatch. He tested the first step before putting all of his weight on it. It didn't even creek. He wanted to move quickly, unsure of how long the impromptu torch would stay lit. But at the same time, he didn't want to fall and break his leg, trapped in the cargo of an old pirate ship. So he moved slowly and carefully. The passage down was narrow but soon he came to a small door. It was very small.



People from the 17th century were small but damn. He pushed and pushed against the door but it wasn't giving. It led to the area filled by sand. If the door did manage to open it would probably fill the narrow stairwell and suffocate him. He went down to the next landing and continued downward where he came to another hatch.



Again, it was hard to move. He needed two hands but couldn't afford to put down the torch and risk catching the ship on fire. Cursing, he spent a few minutes straining one handed with the heavy metal handle before it finally gave way, rotted wood shattering. This time there was an odor that invaded his nostrils. It was like a dank cellar, but more unpleasant.



It was even darker then the narrow stairwell. The darkness felt cool; and moist. He stepped down surprised to see that the floor met him before his head had cleared the ceiling. He had to stoop in order to see the cargo area. He pulled his torch forward, illuminating the remains of the small hull.



Marshall went down on his knees. He knelt there until the flame began to flicker and then he pulled the remaining rags from his pocket and wrapped them carefully about the dying flame until it blazed anew.



Marshall took stock of every item of the cargo hold, knowing that there was not one item that would be salvageable. He would not ever carry anything out of it but nightmares. Finally he climbed out of the small hold. There was probably another level below this one. He was almost sure that there had to be. But he had no interest in seeing its contents.



When he reached the daylight again he gulped down several deep breaths of fresh Caribbean air, and then threw the torch towards the sea where it extinguished immediately. He then leaped down to the sand and walked away from what he now understood was not a pirate ship, but a slave ship—no longer a ship, but a giant coffin.



There had been so many bones inside that he had resorted to counting skulls. He could see the heavy iron manacles; now discolored from the elements, and how they had held the slaves tethered to the floor, incapable of sitting up. They had been held by their necks.



57 skulls is what he had counted.



Marshall sank down to the sand. His stomach began to hitch and suddenly the contents came up and out. He vomited bile for several minutes before reaching for the water jug and swilling down the last of its contents.



When the ship crashed, no one had come down to unlock the manacles. That hull had been no more than four feet high, and they'd just lain there.



Marshall gulped and picked up his pack. The skull stuck out and he hesitated. He ripped it from the pack roll and clenched it in one fist.



"Why didn't you let them out?" Tears sprouted from his eyes. He was lost on an island and it felt like his grave. But those people had been trapped in the hull of a ship, flat on their backs with absolutely no daylight.



And they had been left to rot in the Caribbean heat until they suffered no more.



Marshall dropped the skull. "We wouldn't be alone if you had let them out." He whispered.



****



Marshall couldn't stand to be near the slave ship. So he roamed the forest for fresh water while his brain replayed the horrors of the people in the hull. He now accepted that there was no leaving this Island. This place would be his grave, just like it had been there's. He had seen no evidence of Oceans in these 72 days; two and a half months. He would keep searching, but if he found...



Marshall would not exist on this Island alone. If something happened to her then he would find a way to die as well. And that was that.



He found his water source and once he drank he bathed for the first time in weeks. He felt the need to wash the stench of death from him, but couldn't. He kept smelling the hull, and of course he kept seeing the bones covering the floor.



There were no people on this Island. No one had set eyes on that ship in these hundreds of years but him...and possibly Oceans. But she certainly hadn't gone inside because the hatch had been untouched. He thanked god for that.



For the first time in months he stopped his travels and made camp within the forest. He spent the remaining daylight contemplating his suicide and then when night fell he slept.



***



The next day Marshall felt tired down to his very bones. He walked for 8 hours a day but probably covered no more than three miles in a day. When searching for Oceans, he couldn't just walk along the beach. He had to also check the forest too. The thought that he could miss her by mere steps haunted him.



Lately he got tired much quicker. Sometimes he thought he could sleep for days. Maybe he wouldn't have to commit suicide. He was dying. Literally, no. But spiritually, yes. So instead of getting up at the break of dawn, Marshall slept until nearly noon. The only time he budged is when he was bitten by ants and all he did was to scratch and roll away. He never even noticed that a delicious snake had slithered over his legs, nestling between them before disappearing beneath some fallen leaves.



Later, when it was time for him to get moving, he resumed his walk along the beach where it met with the forest. Breakfast/ lunch/dinner consisted of water and little hard fruit that Oceans called mammee apples. Just as the sun began to lower in the sky, he saw something glinting in the distance. He thought he knew what it was, and it caused him to sprint. Oh fuck...Oh fuck...



He stopped where several pieces of fiberglass and metal had washed ashore months and months ago. Now it was mostly covered by sand and Marshall spared precious minutes to brush away the debris until it reflected the sun again. It was where they had washed ashore! They hadn't been that far from the wreck of the slave ship; less than a day's walk away! He squinted into the distance. This meant that he was almost home.



Marshall had renewed energy when he resumed walking. Almost home still meant several hours but he moved fast. He just wanted to be back at camp.



***



The sun was all but an orange ball in the distance. Normally he would have been stopping to set up a place to sleep. But nothing was going to prevent him from sleeping in his own hammock tonight and maybe making a fire to roast some cassava.



Marshall blinked as he came closer to his home. There was flickering that told him that there was already a fire burning in the outside fire pit. Even if his eyes were playing tricks on him the smell of burning wood was unmistakable.



Marshall's legs were tight, his back was stiff, and his feet were sore, but when he saw the flickering flame he started running.



"Oceans!!!" He screamed. "Oceans?!!" She appeared from the hut and Marshall stumbled and almost fell at the sight of her.



He saw Oceans’ pretty face light up. She hurried down the ladder and sprinted to him as well. Marshall ripped the bedroll and water jug from his shoulders and threw them to the ground. He stopped sprinting when they were seconds from crashing into each other. Oceans threw her body at his and he caught her, stumbling back a few steps. He couldn't help it. He started to cry.



"I hoped you'd be here." He murmured into her loose hair. Her curls tickled his nose and smelled of lye and flowers. It smelled so good. She squeezed him tightly to her but he wanted to pull away and look at her. Instead he held onto her firm body. He realized that she was crying too.



"You left. I thought you'd left. You never came back-"



"No no...I didn't leave. I just went to find you." He lowered her to her feet and looked deep into her eyes. "Oceans, I never wanted you to leave. I said that stupid thing..." He looked away and grimaced. "I was being stupid."



"But you never came back!" She was practically shouting as tears streamed down her brown cheeks. "I waited here and you never came." Air gushed from her mouth as she sobbed. "I thought the pigs had gotten you or-or..." She couldn't talk from crying so hard. He pulled her into his arms again, rocking her against his body.



"Shh, shhh, baby. I'm here." He felt her pull back and he released her again, though he couldn't stop touching her. She put her hands on his hairy face and stared deeply into his eyes.



"You're sick, Marshall. You're burning up with fever, honey." He grinned slowly.



"Ahh, that's why I feel like shit." She wasn't smiling.



"Honey, you might be having a heat stroke, and that can kill you." He nodded in all seriousness at her words. One day ago he had contemplated his own suicide. And one day later he wanted to live—not for himself but because he would not leave this woman alone on this Island.



Oceans' quickly ushered Marshall back to the hut. She was alarmed at how thin he was. His normally athletic body was little more than skin and bones. He had darkened to a deep brown which made his beautiful hazel eyes stand out in a striking manner. His light hair hung limply over his shoulders and she could see that he had fresh scars covering his arms, some bled, and some looked infected. She wasn't used to seeing his face covered in a bushy beard. He had always used the hunting knife to keep his beard manageable. He reminded her so much of the refugees that she'd see on television.



Marshall gripped her hand tightly as they walked, almost too tight, but she was not complaining. When they got back to the hut she had him undress completely and then she took water from one of the larger water jugs and poured it over his head. He gave her a surprised look before throwing back his head and allowing some of the water into his mouth.



"More." He said and she gave him the pot to drink from as she poured water over his nude body from a different jug. When he was completely wet she had him lay down in his hammock. Marshall groaned in pleasure at the feel of it. For weeks on end he'd been sleeping on an unyielding ground. Right now he could have been floating in a cloud. Oceans grabbed a big palm leaf and began fanning him. Marshall's eyes fluttered shut at how wonderful it felt. He was really tired but he didn't want to sleep. He wanted to stare at Oceans and find out where she'd gone.



"Baby..." He murmured sleepily.



He felt Oceans grip his hand and pull it to her body. His palm was laid flat against the front of her sundress, the flesh beneath it was just beginning to round slightly. Marshall opened his eyes and glanced down in confusion. He was touching Ocean's belly and it was full and round. He met her eyes and saw them twinkling.



"Marshall, you can't die of a sunstroke. You have to be here to see your baby born."



His mouth was still hanging open. "Am I dreaming?" Oceans leaned forward and placed her lips on his. Her lips parted and her tongue gingerly touched his. Marshall tried to sit up but it was too difficult form his position, or because he was weak and powerless in that moment.



Oceans broke the kiss and stepped back so that he could see where she had smoothed the front of her dress over her belly.



Marshall was blinking. She was pregnant.



"But..."



"They say that one can have an abortion using plants and herbs...but it won't take if your womb is very strong. I guess my womb was too strong."



Marshall climbed from the hammock, not very gracefully as he was out of practice. He placed both hands on the place where his baby grew within the woman he loved. He looked deep into Oceans' eyes.



"Is—is the baby ok?"



"I feel him move, or her."



Marshall sighed. "Okay." He closed his eyes momentarily, still gently touching her belly. "We're at four and a half months, right?" Oceans nodded. He leaned down and kissed her before climbing back into the hammock. "Make me better Oceans. So I can take care of you and the baby."



Oceans took care of Marshall, keeping him in the hammock and hydrated. She spent most of her time there in her own hammock watching him sleep or talking to him when he awoke.



"Why couldn't I find you?" He murmured, just coming up from a restless sleep where he'd dreamt of skulls and wrecked ships. He hadn't mentioned the slave ship yet, or anything else about their 72 days apart.



"I went to the other side of the Island."



"Did you cut through the forest?"



"Yes." Marshall laughed. He laughed until tears streamed down the sides of his face. Oceans watched him like he was a mad man. "What, Marshall? Let me in on the joke?"



"Oh, nothing." He brought his laughter under control. "I just decided to walk around the entire Island."



Her mouth dropped. "You walked around the entire Island?"



He nodded. "How long did it take you to break through to the other side?"



"About a week. "I was back here in little less than two weeks." When she had returned to camp, she saw that he'd left. By that time she knew that she was pregnant. It was the nausea, the sleepiness, the sore breasts, and the fact that her period was very very late. She understood that the abortion hadn't taken and was anxious to get back and share the news with Marshall. She hoped that he would forgive her.



And when he wasn't there she figured he'd gone in search for her. But then the days turned into weeks and he still hadn't returned. Her mind began to find reasons; like maybe he hated her and was setting up another camp, or maybe he'd found a way off the Island and had left her there as punishment for attempting to abort their baby. But that was stupid. He wouldn't do that. She had tried very hard not to think the last option, which is that he might not be back because he was dead.



For the last few weeks Oceans was a nervous wreck. She went through her daily routine in a robotic state, trying to keep busy and hoping that the next day would bring him home. At night she cried and thought about her baby. If Marshall died, then their child would be the only thing that she would have of him. Then she was haunted by the thought that she had almost killed the last link she had to him.





It was her baby that kept her sane these last few weeks. And as he/or she began to grow and move she knew that Marshall was still here and would always be here inside of their baby. It was those thoughts that convinced her that he was not coming back.



She felt his fingers gently clasp her hand and hold it as they rocked in their own individual hammocks.



She looked at him curiously. "What happened to you? What did you see out there?" She glanced at the slices on his arms. "What did you do?"



He licked his lips and told her the story. At first he was matter-of-fact, repeating it as if he was a newscaster, speaking of events that weren't his own. But then he couldn't keep the passion from his voice, and he began describing the events as if they were happening all over again.



"You walked that many hours? No wonder you're sick, honey. But two months? You could have walked the Island twice."



"I did check the forest for you too. I think that deep down I knew that I might miss you. There were just too many possibilities for me not to see you or you to see me. But I kept at it." She gave his hand a quick squeeze.



"And there is no hidden resort I guess?" She joked. Marshall's eyes flicked away. But she caught it. "What? There isn't is there?"



"No. There aren't any other people...no resort."



She chuckled. "Okay, you had me scared there for a moment."



He looked at her closely. "I found something though." He described the events of finding and then exploring the slave ship. When he was done, Oceans remained quiet.



"I want to see it." She finally said.



He waited a few moments. "Okay."



***



Marshall needed two days of rest before he felt like himself again. Their relationship had shifted into another realm. She spent her spare time in the hut resting with him and they talked and held hands. There was no anxious, frantic need to grope at the other. The feeling of passion that one got from the act of sex led to a peace and well being that they had with each other, without the sex.



When he did leave the hut to lay on his mat under the shade of the trees, he was content to watch Oceans as she worked on making the bammie, or she to watch him as he stoked the fire and retrieved the roasted cassava from the ash.



Then it was time for him to return to his life on the Island and his old, yet comfortable routine. But before they could, he had to make plans to do something that he didn't want to ever do again, and that was to return to the slave ship.





~8 Month, 22 days~



They started their journey to the slave ship when the sky was still black. It didn't matter that it was more than an hour before dawn. They were wide awake and ready to begin. For Marshall he just wanted it over with. Oceans needed to see that this Island had contained something more than them. She also needed to be a witness to the suffering of the slaves that had met such a horrible end in this place.



She carried her water jug slung across her shoulder on a piece of man-made rope. She also carried a spear, taller than she was, and deadly sharp. She knew, as she'd seen Marshall throw it and spear a meer rat. It had split the large rodent in two.



He too had a spear, their pack, and his water jug and yet he still reached out to clasp her hand. She looked at him with a smile. There had not been any intimacy between them since his return. Marshall often kissed her hand or kissed her belly, but showed no interest in doing anything more. Oceans was just happy to have her man home.



The couple kept close to the water while it was dark and then began moving closer to the forest's edge as the sun rose. By mid-morning, they reached the site of their previous camp. Many months ago, Marshall had put together a nice hut, but it had collapsed over time. Still, it was a perfect place to rest and have a meal. While they ate bammy smeared with mashed fruit, Oceans leaned back against Marshall's chest and he cradled her in his arms.



He took a deep breath. "What do you think we should name the baby?" His voice was tentative. He'd been thinking about this for some time but wasn't sure if it was too soon to talk about such things.



After a moment she shrugged. "I don't know. Do you have any names in mind?" She looked up at him when he took a while to answer.



"Yes." He finally answered. "I'd like our son or daughter to have the last name Cohen. I'd also like his mother to have the same last name; my last name."



Oceans looked up quickly and then moved out of his arms to watch him fully.



"Are you asking me--?"



"I'm asking you to marry me." He finished. Oceans didn't say anything and Marshall felt himself begin to panic. "I'm not asking you this because you're pregnant, or because you're the only other woman on this Island. I'm asking you to have my last name because..." He looked at the distant Ocean; the one that made him understand why this woman's father had given her such a wondrous name. And then he looked into the eyes of HIS Oceans; the woman that he was in love with. "I can't see myself being remotely sane without you. It doesn't matter to me if I'm standing in the middle of Time Square and there are a thousand people surrounding me. I love you whether we make it back home, or whether we stay on this Island. I need you Oceans Delano."



Oceans sighed. That was what she had needed to hear. She snuggled back into Marshall's arms. "Oceans Cohen...Oceans Louisa Mae Cohen." She tested her new name, a giddy smile on her face.



"Louisa Mae..." Marshall chuckled and then gulped it down when Oceans jabbed him lightly in the ribs with her elbow.



***



They continued their journey, reaching the site of where they had first washed ashore by mid afternoon. They had returned to this place many times, yet it never ceased to cause Oceans to experience a surreal moment or two. She stood at the water's edge and stared at the endless sea.



"Eight months, twenty-two days..."



Marshall was wiping away the sand from the reflective metallic pieces. They formed an arrow that pointed towards their camp...but for whom? Who would ever see the makeshift arrow? And furthermore, some pieces here could be very useful to them back at camp. He looked up and watched her and the way the breeze whipped back her sundress and the way the cloth was snug over her belly. Marshall's brow knitted. Later, before the baby was to be born he would return to this spot and collect the rest of the wreckage. He needed to do whatever he had to do to make their NOW as comfortable as possible.



A slave ship had set on this Island for hundreds of years and not one person had ever seen it but him. No one was coming to this Island to save them.



The two continued on their journey. With their frequent rest breaks, it was dark before they finally caught sight of the broken down ship in the distance. Marshall insisted that they make camp and even though Oceans was excited, she agreed that it was best to make a fresh start bright and early the next morning.



Before the sun had risen, Oceans was awake and preparing the last of the bammy that she had packed for their journey. She insisted that they eat while they walked and Marshall did not object. He was unusually quiet but Oceans did not mind. She too had a mixture of emotions about this journey. The fact that there had been others here, gave her a sense of relief that she and Marshall were not the only ones to know what it was to be stranded on this Island. However, the knowledge that those very same people had never gotten to see the Caribbean sun shine down on them made her feel angry and even more powerless. Reconciling these two very different emotions was difficult.



When she was finally standing mere feet from the wreckage, Oceans reached out her fingers and touched the weathered wood. This is the wood that had enclosed the humans that had been hauled from continent to continent for the purpose of enslavement. While she reflected on this, Marshall undid the bedroll and pulled from it the two torches that he had made the day before. He tossed them onto the deck and waited, making sure that they did not roll off the edge before walking over to the silent woman.



"Are you okay?" She pulled herself from her imaginings and nodded firmly. His eyes lingered on her before he circled back around to the broken end of the ship. After a running start he leaped and grasped the decking overhead, pulling himself up and over. This time it was much easier as he was no longer suffering from heat exhaustion, yet he still wasn't back to his full strength and his muscles quivered and strained. He hurried to the broken mast and rolled the heavy wood until one end fell off the edge and landed onto the sand below. They had already planned this and the wooden pole landed perfectly for Oceans to shimmy up its length.



As she did this, she could not help but to think that in about 2 more months she would be much too big for this type of thing. Marshall hung on to the end that leaned against the deck, a look of worry on his face. He could picture her falling off...



But she didn't and he grabbed her and pulled her onto the deck even though she could have done it herself.



She chuckled at the hold he had on her. "Honey, I'm an Island girl. I knew how to climb a tree almost as soon as I knew how to walk!" She was more concerned about the small rip that she had made in her dress. She had no sewing kit to repair tears and once her clothes were shredded there would be no more forthcoming.



Marshall located the torches and lit them carefully, handing one to Oceans. She took a few moments to walk from one end to the other, examining things that he hadn't bothered to look at the first time. He joined her but other than for firewood, nothing on deck was usable.



After coming up from the cargo hold days before, he had not bothered to replace the lid and so was able to climb down quickly in order to light the stairwell for Oceans. When she had come safely down the first stairwell, he moved towards the second set of stairs but Oceans stopped him.



"No, just me."



"Are you sure?" He frowned. She moved past the second broken hatch door, and down the narrow stairwell until her feet touched the floor. She wasn't as tall as Marshall and still her head didn't clear the ceiling. She ducked and carefully used the torch to illuminate the hold, making sure that the actual flame was kept in the stairwell. She feared that if she actually brought it down into the cargo it might touch the ceiling and the ship would go up like a tinderbox! As her eyes adjusted and took in the sight before her, she thought that burning up this place might not be such a bad idea--only not with her and Marshall trapped inside.



Marshall had described what she'd see but nothing could have prepared her for this. The many iron manacles didn't even look like metal. They were calcified to such a degree that she would not have guessed what they were if not for the many skulls that appeared to topple from them.



Her head popped back up into the hatch and she handed the torch to Marshall.



"Hold this. I'm going in."



He wanted to object but didn't know how. Instead, he just reached for the torch, stooping down so that he could illuminate the hold for her. He had not wanted to look at the skeletons again and so kept his eyes glued to her stooped form. Oceans moved forward through a small aisle that separated the two sides of the ship. It was a long aisle to walk in a stooped position. Being buried in the sand had evidently protected this lower portion from breaking away and being carried out to sea as the upper deck had.



There were lanterns on the walls, but no oil in them. Also there were no windows. As she stepped carefully through the skeletons, careful not to step on the human remains, she took note of each person; each child, each man and each woman. When she reached the end she turned back to Marshall.



"There is an iron grate here. It leads to the lower level."



"Come back, Oceans!" He spoke in alarm. "I'll go down!"



"I'm not going down." She spoke, trying to see down into the black depths. "I can't see down there, it's too dark. I need the torch."



"Uhm..." He hesitated, but then dropped down into the hold, crouching low. He held the torches inches from the floor so that the flame was not in jeopardy of touching the low wood ceiling. His skin prickled as he walked down the aisle between the two rows of broken skeletons and yet at the same time felt sweat dripping into his eyes and plastering his clothes. It was hard to breath in the dark place, as if this were his coffin.



"Can you lift the grate?" Oceans asked, taking the torches from him. Marshall dropped to his knees, now curious about what could be below. He was afraid too, for some strange reason. Perhaps the ghosts of the past would attack the only living white man. But that was stupid, and there couldn't possibly be anything worse down there.



He hooked his fingers into the grating and pulled. It didn't budge. It was a few moments before he realized that there was a latch, keeping it closed. With a well placed kick, he dislodged it and easily pulled up the grating. It creaked but had not frozen in place.



Now there was another set of stairs.



"Let me go down." Oceans requested.



"Hell no." Was his response. He took one of the torches from her and crept down into the lower hatch. Wow, he thought. This is bigger. His head had cleared the ceiling and he still hadn't reached the floor below. When it finally did, he felt the bile rise in his throat. The floor was wet. His sneaker clad feet was ankle deep in cold water.



Dangerous. That meant the floor could be rotted. He moved the torch forward in order to light this lower hold. Oceans was coming down as well and he looked up at her long enough to caution her to stay on the stairs because of the wetness.



"What do you see?" She asked. She couldn't get down the stairwell far enough with Marshall blocking her. She suddenly saw his light eyes staring up at her. His face was very pale in the dark despite his tan.



"Bones."



She sighed. "Anything else?"



"Not human bones." He disappeared into the hold, creeping forward and Oceans was able to climb down lower being careful to keep clear of the stagnant water. It was hard to see, even with the two torches.



Marshall was stooped, examining something that gleamed in the darkness. He turned to her.



"I think these are pig bones."



"Ahhh." Was her slow response. Then she could see the bones that floated atop the murky water. Some pigs had escaped the wrecked ship, but not the slaves...



Marshall made a strangled sound and then she saw him dart down the long aisle of the ship, water splashing in his wake. He was running towards something, not away from it but it still alarmed her. He reached out and grasped something that had been hanging on the far wall. She couldn't tell what it was but he took a few moments to light the far end of the ship before returning to her.



In his hand was a machete.



Neither felt the need to linger any longer and quickly climbed from the depths of the ship, continuing until they finally reached the light of the sun. By unspoken agreement, neither even wanted to take a moment to rest on deck. Marshall flung the torches out to sea and then dropped down to the sand. Oceans dropped down into his arms, not for a moment concerned that he wouldn't catch her.



After placing her back onto her feet, Marshall immediately walked into the sea until he was submerged to his calves. He needed to rid himself of the feel of the slime from the lower hold within the cleansing tide of the ocean.



"Baby, are you okay?" He asked when he looked back and saw her sitting on the sand.



She nodded but her color was off. He hurried to her, kneeling beside her. Suddenly she turned her head and vomited.



"Better?" He asked after a moment. She nodded. When she was ready to stand they moved down the beach at a quick pace, wishing to put as much distance as they could between themselves and the wreck.



"Do you want to rest?" He asked thirty minutes later.



"No." She was setting the fast pace. "Let's get home tonight. I don't want to sleep out here." Marshall nodded. It meant that he didn't have an opportunity to examine the machete. It was rusted but still in good condition. He kept it gripped in his hands loving the weight of it. With it, there was so much they could do...with it, he felt comfortable going out and hunting one of the larger wild boars. They needed more fat in order to make more soap, and some pork would be a welcome addition to their diet. Also the hide of the pig could be used for the baby, to line the cradle. The prickly hair could make a needle. There was so much that a large wild boar could afford them. Life could be a little easier on the Island.





~The Island~





"That Island doesn't have any trees."



"How can you tell from this height if an Island doesn't have any trees?" Jim McClelland responded in a dry tone to his wife's observation. "Looks like a tiny green patch to me."



Madge McClelland looked at her husband, giving him a withering look. She was a fifty-seven year old woman, augmented, and botoxed into a 35 year old body. Her seventy-one year old husband had replaced his previous wife with her ten years before. She figured that he would be replacing her within the next five-or-so years. Her goal in life was to amass as much property and riches that she could from the multi-millionaire.



Jim smiled to diffuse her. He did that a lot. The last thing he needed was for her to show her claws; especially since he had started an affair with a younger waitress. Now he just wanted to keep her occupied so that she allowed him his free time with his mistress. Jim didn't really want a Caribbean Island, couldn't see a reason for a man to own an entire Island for their own personal use—but she wanted it and that meant he could ship her ass off to the Caribbean for weeks on end. Besides, none of his other friend's had Islands. He liked the idea of the 'wow' factor he would get when he revealed it to them at the country club.



Chevaz, was holding a file in his hands and pointing out several nearby Islands. The prices he was quoting made him want to grit his teeth.



"What's further south?" Jim interrupted the man's sales pitch. He didn't like salesmen; maybe because he was one and knew how crooked he was.



"Oh, those are freehold islands. Not very nice; rocky or no trees. Besides their outside of our territory-"



Jim instantly interpreted that to mean, 'I will get no commission from the sale of them. And they are much much cheaper because of that.'



"Swing over and let's take a look."



Chevaz raised a surprised brow and cleared his throat. "Oh no, Mr. McClelland, we can't do that. That's out of our sales territory-"



"Aren't I paying for this charter plane? And if I can't direct you where to fly then when we get back to Curacao I'm going to need you knock approximately three thousand dollars from my total bill."



Chevaz cleared his throat and smiled. He truly hated these white American millionaires that thought they could bend the laws to their own favor. He would take this man's money, grin while he did it and laugh at his back before he realized that he was paying a greatly inflated price for a lump of volcanic rock that would send him and his American wife fleeing at the first sign of a tropical storm.



"Certainly Mr. McClelland. Unfortunately there will be an additional charge for flying out of our prescribed territory, but it would be my pleasure..." Chevaz continued while Jim and Madge looked pleased as punch.



"Oh my god, Jim!" Madge exclaimed a while later. "That is a darling Island. And it's huge! You can have a full golf course, honey." Jim's interest perked.



"That's bigger then some of the others." He wondered how much it would cost. It was under the UK's territory. He would find out, but not from Chevaz.



"Ohhh...it's occupied." Madge pouted before she remembered that doing so would form lines around her lips.



Chevaz referred to his folder. "No...this shouldn't be occupied."



Jim huffed, wondering how Chevaz kept 7000 Islands straight within his little folder. "Well tell the pilot to bring her in closer. There's something glinting on the sand, maybe it's just debris."



The pilot pulled the small jet closer towards the Island. Chevaz and Jim exchanged looks. It was Madge that spoke their thoughts.



"Doesn't that look like the wreckage of a plane formed in the shape of an arrow?"



***



It wasn't easy to land the plane on the rocky beach. Chevaz contacted the MPI's fearing that they would crash against the rocks and their little plane would be among the wreckage that had been so diligently positioned to indicate survivors.



Once the plane was settled on the beach, the pilot and the McClelland's hurried out to the beach. It was Chevaz that lingered behind, reluctant to leave the safety of the plane. The pilot had a gun, yet Chevaz wanted to wait for the Maritime Police International. However no one paid any attention to him. Madge gripped her oversized hat to keep the aging sun from touching her face and exclaimed once again how 'darling' the island was.



Jim took charge, as was his nature. "Well its clearly pointing there, I guess we should go see what we see."



Madge hurried back into the plane. "Let me get my purse—oh, and a bottled water."



"Why? You don't think a band of wild monkeys are going to pick-pocket you, do you?"



She gave him that same withering look and he responded with an apologetic smile.



They walked for a while. Once upon a time, before Madge was the wife of a millionaire, she was a lanky tomboy that had grown up in the Kentucky hollows. She enjoyed the long walk along the sandy beach.



Jim did not. But he would be damned if he would be shown up by his wife and the younger pilot, so he persevered. Chevaz had not come along, opting to stay behind with the plane for the authorities.



And back at the plane, Chevaz was anxious because it had been more than an hour since the trio had left. Though he was in radio communication with the pilot, he still worried. It was a long way back to the plane should something happen to them out there. The Maritime Police hadn't arrived and what if there really was a band of wild monkeys...





Jim kept peeking at his wife. Damn! She was tireless. And she didn't whine much...hmmm, maybe he would keep her for a while longer. But his heart was pounding in his chest. What if he had a heart attack trying to keep up with them?! It was hot as hell! They had already passed one abandoned camp. The pilot had gone digging around and found coconuts. To Jim they looked like green footballs, but the Pilot said that someone had cracked them open and dug out the insides. And so the million dollar question is, why move further from the wreckage?



The pilot was excited. He was convinced that there were still survivors on the Island and he thought it would be cool to be the one to find them and not leave it to the MPI's to get all the glory. Maybe there would even be money involved. And as long as the American's didn't object he would continue.



Madge was busy envisioning the house, the pool, the tennis court—even the younger grounds keeper that she would be having an affair with. This was the Island that she absolutely had to have. As soon as Jim bought it she was going to get a golf cart out here to drive around so that she could decide just how to decorate!



"I smell smoke." The pilot said. He stopped walking.



Jim sniffed. "Smells like a barbecue." Thank god! Hopefully soon he would have a legitimate excuse to stop walking. Now that there was an end in sight, they walked quicker, the smell of cooking meat becoming stronger. It wasn't much longer that a small hut could be seen nestled within the trees at the edge of the beach.



"Jesus." Jim mumbled. Someone was living here, had built a hut and was barbecuing meat! As they neared the small encampment they noted the neat clearing. There were several large clay pots and bowls, and cups; obviously all man-made. The items set neatly on platforms that kept them from the ground. Also on the platforms were wooden cooking and eating utensils, including twisted bits of metal.



Hanging from a nearby tree were beautifully woven baskets; one filled with strange, exotic looking vegetables, the other contained delicious looking fruit. There was a fire pit nearby, lined with small rocks and then larger ones that looked perfect for sitting.



Strung from one tree to another was a man-made rope woven from vines that formed a perfect clothes line. Several articles of cloth hung from them, secured by wooden pins. On the ground was a beautifully woven grass mat, large enough to be someone's area rug.



And on the woven mat slept a man a woman. The woman was topless. A thin skirt hung loosely around her narrow hips. A man slept beside her, spooning her body in an obviously protective manner. One of his large palms cupped one of her full breasts, a plum-dark nipple peeked between the space of his fingers. The man's face was buried in the curls of her wild yet exotic hair.



His long hair was almost white, which gave indication to his race more than the sight of his sun darkened skin ever could. She was black and he was most probably white.



Jim felt himself become erect with an intensity and speed that hadn't occurred in years without the aid of a little blue pill.



Madge bit her lip lightly and examined the young shirtless man and the way his bermuda shorts hung so low on his hips. The round of his ass was visible and her eyes lingered there before scanning the chiseled, wiry muscles of his back.



Jim cleared his throat and the couple lurched awake. The man's hand closed around a machete that no one had seen. Jim saw that the woman's eyes had grown large as if she was staring at three ghosts. Then suddenly she began to cry, like a child that had been frightened by well meaning parents. The man's arm tightened around her protectively.



Marshall's heart was pounding in his chest. He stared at the three figures standing in front of him; the woman was so white that he could barely believe that skin could be so white—that anything could be so white. "Is this real?" He murmured. Madge, Jim and the pilot let out relieved chuckles.



"Yes, my dear. We are real, and you are rescued." Madge spoke, leaning forward. Marshall pulled Oceans into his arms as if he was unsure of what to expect. The pilot watched them curiously before allowing his eyes to scan the clearing that was their home.



"How long have you been here?"



Oceans' tears had dried up, but she couldn't stop trembling. "One year and…almost 5 months.”





"Jesus." Jim said. “Just the two of you?”





Marshall looked over to a nearby hut and then shook his head. “Three.”





Oceans scampered to her feet, not seeming to consider her partial nudity as she headed for the hut. A short moment later she reappeared holding a naked infant that was now nursing at her breast.





“Oh my god…” Madge exclaimed. “You gave birth on this Island?”





Oceans met her eyes and nodded slowly, her silence speaking volumes. Madge had always heard that women forgot childbirth as soon as they held their babies in their arms. But somehow she didn’t believe that this woman had forgotten anything.





~The Birth~





Oceans’ stomach continued to grow despite the fact that she thought it could not possibly get any bigger. She was no longer allowed to get in and out of her hammock without assistance and Marshall barely allowed her out of his sight.





She had put the finishing touches on a large, oblong, basket which would serve as a crib two days before and now it was dry and set. It was deep enough so that the baby couldn’t possibly roll out of it and now it was time for the coup de grace.





Marshall examined it thoroughly, testing its strength and running his fingers along every smooth inch of it. He smiled at his wife. They had exchanged vows on the beach one evening as the sun set over the horizon. The beach was their church, the island their universe.





“This is your best work ever.” Marshall said proudly.





She beamed. “We can carry it during the day and suspend it at night.”





He unfolded the boar skins that he had worked so hard to perfect over the last several months. First went down the fur layer which cushioned any hard edges. And then went the skin that he had spent unknown hours making as supple as cloth.





The couple stared at their child’s crib in pride. Oceans looked up at him. “Honey, we’re going to have to come up with a name-”





Marshall was shaking his head. “How do people know what to name their baby before they even set eyes on him or her? I mean, I have to look into our baby’s face to see what name he or she should have.”





Oceans slipped her hand into his. “Did I ever tell you how I came to be called Oceans?”





“Your Dad, right?”





“Mhm.” She had been thinking more and more about her mom and dad, but especially her father. She had been stranded so soon after his death and in so many ways his death had to take a back seat. Now, a year later, thinking of Daddy didn’t bring such a sharp sense of loss. Her longing to hear his voice was now replaced with an ability to recall his words and stories without a sense of sorrow. Her favorite was how he had carried her to the ocean when she was a toddler and taught her to swim. He loved the ocean as he had loved her.





‘This is where the world begins, Oceans…’





And that was the truth, because this is where her family had been created.





“You’re right. We won’t know our baby’s name until we look into his or her precious face.”





That would happen a month later.





Marshall was cleaning the machete. He kept it sharpened to a razor’s edge and because of it they now had an abundance of fresh meat. They easily preserved meat in salt and then hung it in the hut to dry away from flies and other insects. Marshall wanted to build a hut just for the purpose of storing meat. He didn’t want any predator to be attracted to their hut due to its smell.





He had several plans. He wanted to build them a real bed. He wanted to sleep each night with his wife and he wanted her to be able to safely nurse their child as they slept. As it was now, he thought it much too risky to allow a newborn into their hammocks, especially because it was set so high off the floor of the hut.





With the machete he could build a tree house…





“Marshall, I’m ready to get out of bed!” Oceans called.





He hurried into the hut where she was laying there clutching her pelvis.





“I have to pee, hurry!”





He chuckled. “Honey, you know I’m not going to make fun of you if you pee on yourself.”





“Yuck. As if I want the hut smelling like pee.” He had added a window which helped with cross ventilation and now the hut didn’t get quite as stifling hot during the day.





Marshall lifted her easily from the hammock and carried her out of the hut before setting her down gently on her feet. She grimaced and stretched her back.





“Ugh, I can’t wait until the bed is made. That hammock is killing my back.” He handed her a dipper of water.





“I’ll rub it when we get back.”





She drank some and then splashed her face. She was just wearing a skirt, topless because of her swollen belly. Marshall felt himself stirring at the sight of her larger breasts and oversized nipples. They had resumed making love, tentatively at first, but then with renewed enthusiasm. But now that Oceans was bigger it was becoming more difficult for her to find a comfortable position. For the last few weeks he had resumed pleasuring himself on the rock wall, imagining a time when he would be allowed to pull her darkened nipple into his mouth and suckle until his mouth filled with her warm, sweet milk…





“Marshall! Ow!” Oceans was rubbing her side. “Ow!” She said again, and this time she doubled over.





He was immediately pulling her into his arms again. It couldn’t be labor! It was too early…





“It doesn’t feel right…” She moaned.





“What?” His face went pale.





“Feels like someone just speared me in the side.” She looked at him, worry and fear on her face. “It’s too early but it hurts so bad. What if…”





“Shhh, no what-ifs.” He rubbed her back until the pain subsided and then she straightened.





“That was a contraction, Marshall.”





He nodded. “We need to start keeping track of how far apart they are.” He led her to a large rock on the outskirts of their camp where she knelt in order to do her morning business. He returned and began boiling water. He needed to sterilize the hunting knife as well as some string. Quickly, he spread the larger pieces of animal fur on the mat—the ones that he would use for their bed when it was completed. By then Oceans had hobbled back to the encampment, holding her side.





“You alright, honey?” He asked as he helped her down onto the fur. She nodded, looking miserable. She was far from alright. As the day wore on, Oceans was haunted by thoughts of her attempted abortion. What if the baby had a birth defect? What if their child needed doctors, an incubator, medicine? She felt sure that she would be punished for her deeds. In those moments that she waited for her baby to be born, Oceans was not fearful of the pain or that she might even die. The only thing she cared about was that their baby was born normal despite all that she had done.





Marshall could read her fear because it mirrored his own. But he felt no sense of blame towards her, not because his love for her was almost desperate, but because he understood Oceans. He knew that if Oceans believed she was right than nothing—not even he would sway her. He was proud of the fierceness of her conviction.





He knelt down and placed his lips against her face. “Our baby is going to be okay. We’re strong and our baby is strong. Your belly has grown so full and we can feel him moving and kicking. If she’s a girl than we are going to have a fine soccer player on our hands.” Oceans reached up and stroked his long hair. Everything he said was true. The baby moved constantly.





Later, as the sun was setting and Oceans was close to passing out from exhaustion, a dark curly head finally emerged.





He wanted to say, push, it’s almost over. But the words wouldn’t come. His baby was there and all he could do is stare in amazement as the head peaked through momentarily, only to disappear from view. Then he understood that the baby wasn’t coming. It couldn’t emerge and Oceans was too exhausted.





“Oceans!” He screamed. “The head is here. Honey, you have to push, please baby, push!” With glazed eyes, Oceans came up on her elbows and gave it all she had. Suddenly there felt like an explosion within her and the baby was free and Marshall was clutching the slippery little thing in his hands.





All Marshall could see was a head covered in black hair and a squirming little body covered in goo. He grabbed a clean rag and wiped the baby’s face and then briskly began rubbing the little body before ever noticing that he was holding a daughter.





Oceans was holding out her hands and he passed the baby over. Immediately she placed her mouth over the infant’s nose and gently sucked out the mucus and repeated it over the baby’s mouth and soon there was a loud cry.





Marshall laughed. She was crying! Oceans continued cleaning her while he finished by tying off and cutting the umbilical cord. Then he stayed between Oceans legs until he had retrieved the after birth.





Oceans counted her daughter’s little digits and traced her sweet little nose and mouth. She was perfect. By the time the sun was completely set, Oceans was sound asleep with the baby at her breast. Marshall had finished cleaning to ensure that no predators would enter the camp, attracted by the smell of blood. He lifted the little baby, swaddled in the rags of one of Oceans’ old dresses and a diaper made of animal skins.





She made a disgruntled mewling sound when her mother’s nipple slipped from her lips before promptly falling back asleep. Poor Oceans was so tired that she didn’t budge. He covered her with her afghan and then carried the baby into the hut.





Marshall held her in his arms for a few moments, just staring into her face. How could one little person look so much like two different people? It was amazing. This baby was him and Oceans.





Skye.





There was no name more appropriate for his little miracle child. “Goodnight, Little Skye.” He placed a light kiss on the top of her dark curls. “Daddy loves you.”





~The last day~



While Oceans tended to the dinner that was roasting in a pit, Marshall was in the small hut with Jim and the pilot. They were looking around curiously. The wheels in Jim’s brain began to spin as he took in how surprisingly homey everything was. There were two hammocks that looked very inviting to him right now. Marshall was fingering a crib that hung from the beams of the solid looking roof. The crib was an ingenious woven basket stuffed with some type of animal skin. There were several other things in the hut that made it comfortable. There were pottery jugs, and platforms containing bowls of dried herbs, spices, salt, but the thing that caught his attention more than anything else was a coconut shell that had beautiful tropical flowers flowing from it.





This would be a resort! And not just any resort, but one that would allow people to recreate the experience of being stranded on a deserted island! He loved the hut, the beach, even the multi-racial couple. It sent an awesome message to the world—come enjoy the beauty of life away from civilization; fall in love, frolic on the beach, enjoy passionate nights beneath the moon! He would make millions!





Everyone would love this couple; rescued after a year and a half and a baby born on the island! He felt almost giddy with the idea of how much he could gain by being the one to rescue them! A book! A movie deal...





“What’s your name, son?” He asked.





“Marshall. Marshall Cohen and Oceans is my wife. Skye is our baby.” His brow was knit in something like confusion. His eyes darted around the small space taking stock of all of their belongings; trying to decide what needed to be taken, what could be left. It was almost impossible for him to think in those terms. Every one of their possessions was precious and necessary for either their survival or comfort. To turn their backs on them just seemed wrong.





The pilot’s radio suddenly emitted a staticky sound and Marshall’s eyes locked onto the device as the pilot talked into it. His eyes were so wide that he could have been looking at a space ship.





The pilot smiled. “The authorities have landed, Mr. Cohen. You and your family won’t be on this island much longer.”





Instead of the feeling of relief that he had long thought he’d experience, Marshall just felt scared.





***





Oceans spread an animal skin on the mat and then placed the baby down while she quickly slipped on a shirt that obviously belonged to her husband. Once she was no longer half nude she diapered the baby with a small piece of animal skin. Madge watched in admiration at how efficiently she did this. She had never seen a baby so beautiful with her café au lait complexion and big dark curls as dark as her mother’s and eyes as hazel as her father’s. Never before had Madge wanted to be a mother, but when she looked at the chubby, happy baby that cooed and played with her toes Madge felt an ache in her heart.





“She’s beautiful. How old is she?”





“Thank you.” Oceans hefted her up to her hip and Skye blinked at the stranger in her midst. “She’s nearly two months. Would you like to hold her?”





Madge’s eyes brightened. “May I?”





Oceans eyed the woman, sensing her kindness and then she placed Skye into her arms. She watched her daughter contemplate whether or not she wanted to be held by the new woman before her glittering diamond earrings caught her attention.





Oceans turned to the pit that was roasting the pork and then added more cassava. She was calculating how much more food to make in order to feed everyone. There would probably even be a few fish in the trap. Wonderful.





Madge frowned slightly as she watched Oceans go about her task. Did she not understand that she was rescued?





***





Things happened very fast for Oceans and Marshall. The United States Coast guard, the JCF Marine Division of Jamaica, as well as the MPI all converged on the Island and it was more alive than it had ever been before!



There were a lot of questions, pressure to move quickly, too much noise that overwhelmed the couple. The sights and colors were too vivid, they talked and moved too fast and they were tracking through their home!





There was also pork that Oceans' had tediously preserved, roasting in a pit. If the officials had understood how much effort it had taken to hunt, kill, skin, preserve and then cook the pig, perhaps they would not have been in such a rush to usher the two off the island.



"We need to eat." Marshall finally said after he'd repeated the answers to the same questions for the third time. Oceans gave him a relieved look. Her eyes kept moving back to Madge because she was familiar, but also because Oceans was remembering the smell of perfume, and the way lipstick looked on lips that weren't cracked and dried by sun and dehydration.



There was an awkward silence before one of the medics spoke. "You won't need to eat here on this island ever again. We have food and water on the plane, Ma'ame, and then we're going to take you to a real hospital."



Marshall ignored him as he went through the process of un-burying their meal. Oceans retrieved fresh banana leaves to be placed on the nicer of her clay plates. Madge continued to hold Skye while everyone just stood there watching the couple move about in their familiar routine.



After their meal, which smelled so good that everyone had to have a taste, they finally got the small family loaded into the plane. Oceans had begun packing her suitcase but Marshall placed his hand over hers. She gave him a searching look and he just shook his head no.



"We don't need this anymore."



Her heart was pounding in her chest. It ached and she didn't know why. She looked at the crib that their child had slept. And then she nodded. She picked up her afghan, clutching it in her hands and left their hut. Marshall took one last look around before following Oceans. Suddenly he stopped and cut down the crib. He clutched it possessively and when Oceans saw it in his hands she let out a relieved breath. He gave her a shaky smile.





“Let’s…get out of here.”



Marshall and Oceans were so overwhelmed that they didn't know where their plane touched down, only that after a short time, they were transported to another plane and against all recommendation to be flown immediately to a local hospital, the couple requested to go straight to the United States. A doctor was brought on board to monitor the family and it felt so strange to her to be pampered. Everything seemed to be greatly amplified. The bottled water was too cold, the seats too soft, the people too loud, and the breath mints were too sweet.



They had finally stopped asking questions and Marshall, who had dreamed of this moment, felt more nervous than excited. He was happy, there was no doubt of that; but he was scared. Someone handed him a telephone and he looked at them curiously.



"It's your mother and father." His breath gushed from him and he stared at the oversized phone before accepting it with trembling hands.



"H-hello?"



"Marshall?!"



"Mom?" And then he began sobbing.





~Epilogue~



Marshall poked his head into the casino, spotting his wife sitting perched on a stool feeding coins into the slot machine.



"How did I know you'd still be here?" Oceans jumped and looked at her wrist watch in guilt.



"Oh my god, I didn't realize how late it was!"



He peered at her cupful of coins in amusement. "Are you betting the nickel slots?"



She collected her bounty. "Yes I am! And I won two hundred and twenty-five dollars, too!"



Marshall chuckled. He was still wearing his ski pants and a black turtleneck. His ski goggles rested on the top of his head. "You are probably the only New York Times best selling author that will sit in front of slot machine feeding in nickels."



"Whatever." She responded. But she pinched his butt as they walked out because it just looked too sexy to resist. Of course all eyes were on the couple. It wasn't because they were the 'survivors', but because they stood out. Marshall was tall, chiseled with cropped short hair that had somehow stayed blond. Even his tan had never completely faded.



Oceans’ curls were coiffed and tamed, yet still seemed wild. Her skin was dark brown, and her body was more athletic than rounded. She wore ski boots though she preferred to leave the skiing to her husband while she played the slot machines. Her black jeans hugged her body in a sexy way and she too wore a black turtle neck. Once they reached the elevator, Marshall leaned in and kissed his wife, palming her full bottom before they reached the penthouse. They pulled away from each other before the doors opened into the spacious living room.



Several sets of eyes turned to them.



"I thought you two would miss it!" Marshall's mother said. She was holding a toddler who strained to be put down upon seeing her parents.



Marshall's father turned on the television. "Well we have a solid five minutes."





The couple was oddly unaffected by things that would make others leap for joy. They took their fame in stride. Everyone was still talking about ‘the survivors’, they wanted to go to the island, they wanted to watch them on a reality TV, public figures wanted their endorsements and movie stars wanted to party with them. They understood the interest but they also understood what made life wonderful—and it wasn’t any of that.





Marshall dropped to his knees and waited for his daughter to reach him. At just over a year old, little Skye Cohen scampered around with the new freedom of learning to walk. She spoke in rapid animation to her Daddy with him recognizing only one or two words. He carried her into the large living room.





"Thanks for watching the baby, Mom and Dad." Oceans said. It was a gift to know and to be totally accepted by Marshall's parents. She treasured them as if they were her very own parents.



Marshall's mother came over and placed her hands gently on Ocean's face. "My granddaughter is no chore at all. I wish you two would move back to New York. It's so cold here in Colorado!"



Marshall and Oceans exchanged looks. "It can't be cold enough." He murmured. His mother blushed. Once Marshall had expressed his love for skiing on a popular talk show, they were given lifetime use of the penthouse at an exclusive resort. Besides the month they spent here, home was a mountainside cabin overlooking the Rocky Mountains.



"Hurry! Grab a seat, its starting!" Marshall's father yelled. Everyone scurried for a seat on the plush sectional even though they’d already seen this episode of the popular talk show, as well as many other talk shows that they had appeared on.



The familiar theme song began and Oceans snuggled into her husband's arms while their daughter squirmed, moving from one parent to the other until she was released to the carpeted floor where she made a quick escape to several toys. Marshall's father picked up the remote and turned up the surround sound until it was like they all were in the studio again.



"...there is probably not a person in the world who doesn't know the story of my next two guests. A small passenger plane went down in the Caribbean ocean, leaving these two stranded on an Island for nearly fifteen months. Since their incredible rescue, the two have written a book entitled STRANDED, soon to be a major motion picture.



Our cameras traveled to the Island, which is now a very popular tourist attraction owned by the Cohen's. They have never returned to the Island and will see footage of it for the first time here on our show. Today, the island is a memorial to the slave ship that was found wrecked on its shore. The ship is reported to be of great archeological significance as the remains of the slaves have been remarkably preserved." The popular talk show host could be seen standing and clapping her hands. "Please join me in welcoming Marshall and Oceans Cohen..."



The End



Acknowledgement



Thanks to Honeybree for her help in editing this story for Literotica.





~About the Author~





Pepper Pace is a popular author on Literotica.com. She is the winner of the 11th Annual Literotica Awards in 2009 for Best Reluctance and best Novels/Novella, as well the August 2009 People's Choice Award. In the 12th Annual Literotica Awards, Pepper Pace won number one writer in the category of Novels/Novella as well as best Interracial story for 2010.





Pepper Pace writes romance stories with a touch of eroticism and humor. She enjoys writing about unlikely romances and exploring interracial relationships. She lives in Cincinnati Ohio with her teenage son and daughter.





