Table of Contents

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

About the Author

Now Available

An Excerpt fromLuring the Lawyer

Copyright © 2016 by Fiona Lewis





Chapter 1




Ian woke up still dreaming. The last vestiges of a woman, slim hipped with a pretty bottom and a viciously tight pussy, made him cry out. The hoarse, pre-orgasmic shout woke Ian fully from his dream. But he wanted to stay. He pushed his hips into the bed, fighting to keep the sensation of the woman’s wetness around him. Ian pumped against the bed, his dick caught in the silken cotton that, for a few necessary moments, was like the slick, clasping inside of his siren, the woman who often claimed him in sleep. The muscles of his ass bunched and shuddered as he came, gasping, into the pillow.

Ian’s wife, Zoë, had been dead for over six years now. Some days it seemed like six minutes since he got the news of her car accident. Other days it seemed like sixty years. Today was one of those in-between days when he had a good perspective on things and the blame he shouldered for her accident— an argument that pushed her screaming out into traffic and the path of a drunk driver—weighed him down only a little. He could usually tell right away what kind of day it would be, even before he left his bed. This morning the sign was his explosive orgasm and the almost sound of his dream lover’s name on his lips.

Ian never had any illusions that this woman was Zoë. She was too voracious in her appetite for sex, and her body was too slight for her to be his dead wife. Ian pushed away from the bed and its sticky sheets, stretching each muscle in his long body as he headed for the bathroom. After a quick brush of teeth, his morning push-ups, and a few rounds with the punching bag, he went for the shower.

Under the spray, water sluiced down his sculpted body, tracing the muscled arms, chest, and abs he worked hard for. His dick was soft, but with one touch it began to awaken. The unbidden memory of the dream woman slowly brought it to full hardness, and he stroked himself, groaned low from the pleasure of it. Then he pulled his hand away.

I don’t have time for this.

One more round and he was going to be late for class. It wasn’t even like he had the excuse of a real woman to be late for. There hadn’t been a real woman in his bed for a long time. Almost a year now. The constant round of disposable bodies had worn him out. The women in Miami were so beautiful and available that, even with the shadow of Zoë’s loss hanging over him, Ian had initially gobbled up the most tempting pieces, but there had been no substance to them. Now it all seemed like a waste of energy. Ian rediscovered that he preferred spice and challenge in his women. He hadn’t found that yet.



After a full breakfast of wheat pancakes, eggs, and a protein shake, he quickly left his house and drove down the winding, sun-splashed streets to the university. Five years after moving to Miami, he still wasn’t used to it. The campus was a buffet of all things gorgeous and female the Sunshine State had to offer: tall, short, bronzed, brown, and everything in between, all in their prime with juicy breasts, sun-warmed skin, and lush asses on display. It was a smorgasbord of sexual plenty. But Ian’s appetite was never up to it. His mama told him never to shit where he ate.

“Good morning, Mr. Tate,” one of his students greeted as she walked toward him in the hallway, gravity-defying breasts bouncing in her white tube top.

“Good morning, Loren.”

If her jeans rode any lower, she’d be giving the whole campus a guided tour of her Pandora’s box. Her belly button jewel winked at him as she passed, but Ian only spared her a single glance before stepping into his first class of the day.

The classroom was already full. Over two dozen bodies settling into their chairs and getting computers, notebooks, and tablets out to take notes from his lecture. One girl in the front winked at him and flashed her tongue ring.

Earlier in the semester, Ian had realized that most of his students were more interested in fucking him than learning about the Harlem Renaissance. He paced in front of the class, the day’s lesson falling from his lips like memorized lines. Some of the students were actually paying attention. Jasmine Hannah sat right in front, with her pen moving steadily across her paper, taking down every pertinent word. There were others, too.

Vincent Mueller and Craig Johnson were model students, but only because neither wanted to repeat the class again. Ian’s gaze swept over the class, acknowledging the bored, dreamy-eyed, sleepy, interested, and variously pained expressions on the faces of his students. He shrugged inwardly and continued with the lesson, engaging the students when he could, not taking offense when he couldn’t.

After class, Maddie Lang came up to his desk all pouty and flirtatious in her head to toe Gucci. She and her three girls approached his desk like they were going to war, with all their feminine weapons at the ready.

“Did you read my essay, Mr. Tate?” she asked, knowing full well that her essay wasn’t so much a commentary on the role of white patronage in the growth of the Harlem Renaissance but a tour of the pornographic fantasies of a very imaginative teenager. Complete with museum quality illustrations.

Ian gave her his most charming smile. “The artistic part of the assignment was well done, Maddie. But, if you notice, this class is Literature and Life During the Harlem Renaissance, not Art 101.” He pushed her paper across the desk toward her. “I gave you a D. Minus,” he said with a straight face. That wasn’t the D she obviously panted after. “If you’d like to redo the essay on the topic we discussed, then I will consider giving you a higher grade.”

All four girls gave him a blank look like he’d been the one to fail the assignment. Apparently, that seduction technique of hers had worked before. What did she expect him to say, “See you after class when we can discuss your essay at length,” and then bend her over his desk and fuck her the way they both knew she wanted? Maddie Lang wasn’t worth it.

Her lips tightened. “Thanks, Mr. Tate.” She took up her essay and pivoted, her girls falling into place like the waving tail feathers of a peacock, and walked out of the classroom. Ian watched them walk away, switching their cute little behinds for all they were worth. A teasing sight, but for all that, they didn’t even make him look twice. He went back to his paperwork.

The other faculty thought he was gay. They didn’t come out and say so, of course, but after the first few refusals of blind dates and his obvious lack of lust for the sun-toasted Miami coeds, they thought he was a pussy, not that he wanted to fuck one.

Ian knew he wasn’t the usual kind of straight man. He got focused. Sometimes it was on getting laid, sometimes it wasn’t. After he’d gotten with Zoë, there was no one else for him. He met her in a capoeira class his first year of college, and that was that. He had been seeing a few girls at the time, some glamor girl sorority types who’d been drawn to his clean, upper middle-class look—polo shirt and khakis, cargo shorts and slogan tees even in the middle of winter—and his lean, sleekly muscled swimmer’s body. His ready smile and GQ features only added to the attractive package that most girls were eager to unwrap.

Ian had to work to get Zoë. In class, she was the one who excelled far above everyone else. She was tricky in her game, her kicks hurt, and her bottom always looked good in those loose dancer’s pants. Flashes of her belly and sweat-soaked sports bra when she turned effortless somersaults in the air had him instantly hard. For months everyone in the class thought he was shy and never wanted to play. The truth was that he wanted to play only with her.

He wanted a close-up view of the sweat dripping down her face and neck that collected in the shirt clinging to her thick breasts and nipples. He watched all the other boys, and some of the girls, get turned down by Zoë time and time again. She played with them, and the rest of the class got to watch. Ian didn’t think he stood any more of a chance than most with her, and that excited him.

One cold and blustery day, they both came early to class. Ian asked her to play with him, just a warmup. For once, he wasn’t thinking about fucking. He was just frozen and wanted to raise his body temperature. To his surprise she said yes, smiling into his eyes before sweeping off her oversize sweatshirt and dropping it to the side next to her bag. She had on another shirt, tighter and smaller, that was the same burnished copper as her skin. If he looked too fast he could fool himself into thinking that she was topless. Her long, curly hair, which he later found out was her single source of pride, she doubled up and gathered in a club at the back of her neck. Zoë put on the music.

“Ready?”

He wasn’t, but he stepped to her anyway. Their play was rough. She bested him several times, reeling up from the floor with powerful kicks and spins when he thought he had her cornered. It was even better than he thought.

At the end of it, Ian was breathing hard, his breath coming in harsh puffs against the now comfortably cool air of the studio. He felt the sweat coating his naked back and chest, and the heat of his workout glowing under his loose sweatpants. Zoë watched him. She wiped the sweat from her face with the back of her hand and licked her lips. Her chest rose and fell in a quick tempo that pulled Ian’s eyes to her breasts and the hard points of her nipples.

“Fuck.” He didn’t realize he’d said the word out loud until she looked up at him with something naked and raw in her face. Want. For him.

“I’m going…” She gestured behind her toward something, but he didn’t understand her. “Bathroom,” she finally got out and backed away.

Ian didn’t know why, but he followed her. Down the hall, past the other two studios that had classes in session, past the men’s showers and bathrooms. The women’s showers smelled like shampoo and perfume. Zoë slipped through the doors, and he followed still, like a hypnotized cobra, as she backed into an empty shower, a private one with a real door. Her back was to the tile wall, and she licked her lips again. That was all the invitation he needed.

Zoë tasted of sweat and sweet, an aphrodisiac blend that burned from her hotly spiced mouth. Her hands roved over his chest, pressing him and pinching his flat nipples. He pushed her bra up and out of the way to find what he needed—the feel of her skin, sweat-slick and salty wet under his tongue, and the black cherry nipples he’d only fantasized about, hard and ready in his mouth.

“Fuck me,” she hissed in his ear.

Zoë pushed her pants and panties down and off for him to push his dick—oh, sweet heaven!—inside her soaked pussy. She grabbed his ass to pull him deeper. Her deep, urgent noises spurred him on, swelled his dick until he was panting as loudly as she was, slamming into her and then pulling almost all the way out before diving back in. Her ass slapped rhythmic and wet against the tile. She grabbed his shoulders, his back, clawing at him with her ankles locked together below his ass.

“Fuck me! Fuck me!” she chanted as he pounded into her. Their sweat and sex smells rose up, surrounding him until he was swimming in his desire, hot and rushing, his muscles burning to get them across the finish line of orgasm.

Her arms reached up to grab the industrial strength shower rod as her hips pistoned against him, fucking him as much as he was fucking her, her lips skinned back and feral, the “Fuck me!” chant still pouring out of her. He squeezed the breasts popping coyly from beneath the rolled up edge of her bra, pinching the nipples between his fingers in time to the push-pull of his dick. She was starting to come. He felt her pussy clench around his dick, one tight squeeze after another. Each time she pushed her back in a more extreme angle off the shower wall, arching into him.

“Goddamnit!” She came in a hoarse shout, pitching him over the edge with her as she milked his dick of everything it had.

They shuddered against the tiled wall and each other, sweating and breathing fast. Her skin was hot. Ian pulled back, and she made a small sound, a low grunt when his dick slid wetly out of her. They both looked at each other as they had the same thought. Shit! No rubber.

But everything had worked out. They both got tested, a little too late but better than not at all, and started to fuck every day, sometimes three or four times, depending on if they had class or not. He stopped seeing the other girls. A year later they were married and making post-graduation plans to leave Atlanta for New York or some other big city in which they could both do well in their respective professions. Two years later, Zoë was dead.





Chapter 2




“Everyone knows what they need to get ready for this trip, right?”

All six students in the pre-conference meeting, four women and two young men, nodded or made some noise of agreement. Ian sat on top of his desk, feeling relaxed at his last campus commitment of the day. He tipped his head toward Jasmine Hannah.

“I know you’re presenting at that engineering conference next week, so don’t worry too much about this weekend. Just get what you need out of the trip then hand in the story you want me to critique in two weeks.”

In addition to teaching two literature and creative writing courses, Ian also served as advisor to the school’s self-styled creative writing club. The six students had come to him from a mixture of his classes, having in common only the desire to write and submit their work with Ian as their task master and cheerleader. Going to the writers’ conference was a big deal to them all.

Jasmine smiled. “I’m not worried, Mr. Tate. I’m just grateful for the chance to go along with the rest of the group. Even though I’m not a Creative Writing major, I still appreciate you making room for me.”

“I’ll take that as a ‘yet,’ Jasmine. You’re a great writer, but I understand about the engineering thing. You’ve got to eat, after all.”

“Not all of us are gonna be starving writers, Mr. Tate.” Olivier Richey, who had aspirations of being the next Stephen King, waggled his pencil at Ian. “I plan on making as many connections at this conference as possible.”

“Good for you, Olivier,” said Natalie, one of the more obviously gorgeous women in the class, and an MFA candidate. “Just don’t mow down any of us on your path to fame and riches.”

Ian chuckled. “And I think that does it for our last meeting before the conference.” He checked his phone for the time, noticing a missed text. “It’s a little after six. I imagine you all have places to be?”

“There you go again, always trying to get rid of us. If I didn’t know any better, I’d swear you didn’t like being advisor to our little writing club.”

“And you do know better,” Ian said, smiling back at Samantha Ng. He picked up his briefcase and the folder with papers to grade for the week. “So, everyone, to recap: we’re meeting in front of the Humanities offices on Friday afternoon at three. The van will be parked near my car and unlocked if you want to put your things in it. We leave at three thirty.”

“Got it, Mr. Tate.” Jasmine gathered her things and, after a quick glance at her own watch, dashed out the door while wishing everyone a good evening.

“She must have a date or something,” Olivier said with a casual leer. “What I wouldn’t give to be a fly on the wall for that hot piece of business.” Jasmine was gay and rumored to be dating a senior on the girls’ basketball team.

“Why do men always turn into pigs by the idea of two women together?” Samantha made a noise of irritation as she packed up her own book bag.

“Because it’s hot,” Natalie said as she too headed out the door. “See you, Mr. Tate.”

Samantha looked at Ian and rolled her eyes. “Can you believe her?”

“No comment.” Ian chuckled again and waved goodbye to his students.

“Come on, Sam. You need a drink.” The two boys jostled her out of the classroom, teasing as they went.

Once he was alone, Ian checked his phone again and saw he had a group text from his friends about their weekly basketball game.

Damn.

He forgot to tell the guys he was out of town for the weekend. Ian quickly thumbed a reply, letting them know he wasn’t going to make it and apologizing for the short notice.

I’ll bring the beer next time, he sent.

He put the phone back in his pocket and got ready to leave. As he went to turn off the lights, a bright orange folder caught his eye. A quick glance through it told him that the folder was Jasmine’s. In it was an essay and notes on some complicated engineering something or other. After a moment’s hesitation, he put it in his briefcase. She might need it for her presentation at the conference. He decided to be a good Samaritan and drop the folder off at her house on his way home from the gym later on.



Ian rang the doorbell to the small Spanish-style bungalow with Jasmine’s address. As he waited for someone to come to the door, Ian noticed a couple walking their dog on the sidewalk bordering the house. They held hands as they strolled through the quiet neighborhood. The dog, a ghost-gray Weimaraner puppy, leapt and played behind them, sniffing at every bush and rock it passed.

“Can I help you?” A girl, not Jasmine, stood in the doorway of the house. She nibbled at a crustless peanut butter and jelly sandwich as she waited for Ian to speak.

“Oh, yes.” He smiled at the pretty, gamine girl. “Sorry. My name is Ian Tate, and I teach at the university—”

“The Mr. Tate?” She laughed and paused with the sandwich halfway to her mouth. A hint of jelly, it must have been grape from the dark purple color, smeared the side of her mouth. “You’re the one who’s chaperoning Mina and the other girls to Sarasota?”

He didn’t know why she seemed so surprised. Who was this girl anyway? “I am. Is there a problem?”

She laughed again. “We’ll see.” The girl looked back over her shoulder and yelled out, “Mina! There’s someone here to see you. And he didn’t call first.”

The girl turned back to him, and Ian was struck again by how lovely she was, with her short and natural hair, pointed ears, and the wide, dark eyes staring unblinkingly up at him. She looked away as a sweatpants and T-shirt wearing Jasmine bounded up behind her. His student seemed distracted.

“Hey, Mr. Tate. What’s going on?”

“My apologies, I should have called.” He produced her folder from his briefcase. “You left this in the meeting earlier tonight.”

Her expression cleared. “Thank God! I’ve been looking all over for that.” She hugged it to her chest, smiling. “Thank you! I wanted to look over those notes tonight, and I was going crazy when I couldn’t find them.”

The other girl retreated from the door. Ian watched her slim back, left bare by a psychedelic print halter top, disappear as she slipped into the candlelit recesses of the house. Something about her seemed vaguely familiar.

“No problem, Jasmine. Your house isn’t very far from mine. Anyway, I’ll let you get back to your studying.” He stepped back from the doorway. “Good luck with that presentation.”

“Thanks.” She started to close the door.

“Oh, by the way.” Ian turned back to the house. “Who was that girl who answered the door? I didn’t know you had a sister.”

“Oh.” Jasmine giggled and rolled her eyes. “That’s my mom. She can be a little rude sometimes. Sorry about that.”

Her mother? “No, it’s OK. She wasn’t rude. I was just curious.” He gave her his professor’s smile. “I’ll see you on Friday afternoon.”

“OK.” She smiled back and closed the door.

As he walked back down the path past their garage, Ian felt eyes on him. He looked around and then up. Jasmine’s mother sat at an upstairs window in the house, perched on the window seat like a cat, watching him. When she noticed that he saw her, she didn’t look away. If anything, her look intensified. Then she smiled.

Ian got into his car and drove off, feeling her eyes on him the entire time. At home, he couldn’t shake her look. Or the feeling that he’d seen her before. He graded some papers, planned an itinerary for himself during the Sarasota trip, and then took himself off to bed.



She was draped in candlelight. In a scene straight from a soft core porn, she sat in a high velvet-covered bed, naked with just the light playing over her silken flesh, flickering over her ankles, thighs, the subtle curve of her hips, her sweeping back, and the welcoming smile turned coyly over her shoulder. He felt his own nakedness in the slight breeze that came from an open window. Her gaze caressed his body like her soft hands soon would, skimming over his chest, his flat belly that contracted at the look of her, and his slowly hardening cock.

“Come,” she said. And he went to her. She turned slowly, and his breath escaped him. How could someone so lovely and innocent-looking be so bold? She kissed him, brushing her breasts against him, teasing with her hands. She cupped his balls and whispered hotly in his ear.

“I need to taste you.”

Her hands pushed him gently onto the bed. The velvet enfolded him as she moved down between his widening thighs. She smiled again. And covered him with her mouth. His neck arched. His body sizzled. She retreated to lick the head of his dick slowly while keeping her eyes on him, watching the agonized pleasure in his face.

Her mouth opened, and she swallowed him, taking him deep into the back of her throat, sucking in a slow, building rhythm until his hips moved with her head and his hand drifted over her hair, cupping her vulnerable scalp as she watched him with her big eyes. Her cheeks hollowed as she took more of him into her mouth, feeding his pleasure, trailing fire down his belly and into his balls. As though she sensed their sudden heaviness, his rising need to come, she cupped him and hummed. He exploded in her mouth.

When she lifted her head, her smile was angelic and hungry, her tongue licking a trace of white from her lips. She climbed up his body, opening up her gorgeous pussy above his mouth.

“Your turn.”

Ian opened his mouth, anticipating the soft wetness on his tongue and that low gasp of hers when he gave it to her just as she liked.

Instead, he got the sound of his alarm.

“No.” He rolled over in the bed and crawled his fingers to where he knew the phone was. “I’m not working today,” he muttered to the merciless iPhone alarm that had taken away his dream. He turned it off, sighing. Her slick pussy had been right there, pink and tender as a conch, just waiting for him to slide his tongue inside.

Ian groaned and sat up. “Fuck…”

His sheets were wet from when he’d come in her mouth. He hated to let her go. In his dreams, she was perfect, always ready to please him. In his waking life, all he had of her were cryptic looks from a high window and sticky fingers holding on to a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Ian froze. And that was it. Just that simply, he knew where he had seen Jasmine’s mother before. In his bed. In his dreams.





Chapter 3




Sarasota was a nice town. Ian hadn’t been there in a couple of years, not since he’d made a day’s stop on his way down to Miami to start his job at the university. Everything was just like he remembered it. Slow, and beautiful.

“All right, ladies and gentlemen. We’re here.”

He pulled the van into a paved drive. It led to a small two-story guesthouse an alum had rented to him and his students for practically nothing. His students peered outside the van, looking around the sunny but quiet neighborhood like they’d been traveling for days and finally arrived on Mars.

Ian threw the keys to Natalie. “Pick your own rooms. There’s plenty of space for everyone.”

“Thank God we’re finally here,” Natalie caught the keys and jumped out of the van, shouldering her backpack. “One more freaking round of Faulkner trivia and I was gonna put my head through the glass.”

“You’re just pissed because you didn’t get any of the answers right.” Samantha picked up her pink duffel bag and starting walking toward the flower-lined path leading to the front door.

Jasmine bumped Natalie’s shoulder and laughed. “She’s right. Don’t be such a sore loser.” She grabbed her friend’s hand and pulled her toward the guesthouse.

Kendra McNeal and Archie Kennedy quietly emerged from the back of the van. Though physically mismatched, the pair had been inseparable since they met in the group at the beginning of last year. Plain and studious Kendra, with her thick hair more often than not held back in two afro puffs, and Archie Kennedy, academic wonder boy and soccer star. The two had spent the entire ride snuggling and talking quietly in the back corner seat of the van.

“The ride was fine, Mr. Tate. Didn’t feel a single bump in the road.” Archie grinned, and Kendra smiled up at him adoringly before nodding back at Ian.

“We’re going up to the room, now,” she said, her voice strong and mature despite her petite frame. “How much time do we have until we meet you back here?”

Ian looked at his phone. “About two hours. After that, it’s three hours at the conference for registration and the first opening sessions, and then we all come back here.”

“No problem. Thank you,” Kendra said, then the couple started off toward their room.

“You’re welcome,” Ian said to their backs.

In his downstairs room with a deck open to a pretty but overgrown flower garden, Ian put his body through a round of deep stretches and silent capoeira moves before taking a quick shower. He’d been restless all week. Dreams of this woman—he didn’t even know her name—came to him even more frequently now. It didn’t matter if he was in the classroom or in the pool swimming laps until his lungs burned. His body was hard with the awareness of her.

Earlier that morning, with water from the shower running the length of his body, Ian had been even more aware of its potential as an instrument of sex. The muscles in his arms and shoulders, the curving flesh of his ass, the plains of his belly with its hard ridges and smooth skin, all seemed made for her. Meant for pleasing her. He hadn’t felt this aroused or obsessed with a woman since Zoë. Even in their most heated moments, with the sweat blinding their eyes, their bodies straining against each other, and his dick buried deep inside Zoë’s pussy, none of that matched the intensity of what he wanted with his dream woman. And he hadn’t even fucked her in real life yet.



The time at the conference flew by quickly. After a full day of meeting new people, fending off advances from the attractive but unremarkable women, and making contacts for the university’s writing program, Ian gathered his students and went back to the guest house.

“Is that place just one big pickup joint?” Samantha asked as they left the van.

“Pretty much,” Archie said. “Did you see how everybody was eyeing us when we walked in? It was definitely about the tits and ass and dick, not about any sort of writing. And did you see that sleazy old guy who tried to get into Natalie’s pants? That was some funny shit when she shot him down.” He mimicked shooting off a gun and laughed.

“Most of the writers are acting like they’re rock stars, and we’re just here for them to fuck,” Natalie said. “I’m not into that groupie shit.”

“It wasn’t that bad,” Kendra said. She’d apparently been to a good intro session about writing and making connections of the nonsexual kind.

Olivier looked a little disappointed. “Hey, like some schmuck said not too long ago, ‘Tomorrow’s another day.’ I’m holding out for a good hookup this weekend, as long as the chick can tell me who I can send my manuscript to while she’s riding my dick.” He looked at Ian. “Sorry, Mr. Tate.”

“Forget Mr. Tate, what about the rest of us?” Jasmine wrinkled her nose and leaned away from her classmate. “That was disgusting, even for you.”

Olivier smirked. “Thank you.”

“I’ve heard worse,” Ian said. “Just don’t forget to use protection if you end up in the saddle.”

“Definitely. I can always cop a few off Archie. I know he’s got a couple hundred in his bag.” Olivier chuckled. “He and Kendra fuck like goddamn rabbits.”

Luckily the amorous couple was far behind them, walking slowly side by side as they watched the sunset wash the landscape around them in pink and amber flame.

The others snickered.

“What about you, Mr. Tate?” Jasmine asked. “We saw that hot chick with the tattoos giving you the eye.”

Ian smiled at the unexpected question. “She was definitely attractive but not my type. I’m working on something else right now. Something better.”

“Damn, someone more fine that that?” Natalie shook her head. “Still, I’d take tattoo chick’s offer on principle. She’s hot.”

“Whatever, Natalie,” Samantha said. “I’m sure Mr. Tate isn’t going to have sex with some woman while he’s our chaperone. No matter how hot she is.”

“Chaperoning doesn’t mean you have to cut off your dick and check it at the door.” Then Olivier apologized to Ian again, equally insincerely. “I’m sure if he really wanted it, Mr. Tate could arrange something after all the kiddies are off to bed. Right, Mr. Tate?”

Ian hid a smile. “That is not something I would do,” he said. “But stop giving me ideas, Olivier. I might be weaker than you think.”



Back in his room, Ian showered and changed into an old T-shirt and loose pants that sat low on his hips to show off the V of muscle there and the nodding weight of his dick. He poured himself a glass of Scotch and bypassed the comforts of his room for the deck.

The sun was already gone, leaving behind only a trace of its gorgeous color on the horizon. Ian leaned back in the chair, savoring the quiet of his evening, the dark shapes of the flowers in the garden, the privacy the tall flowers afforded him. His friends all thought it was strange that he took so much pleasure in being alone. He enjoyed company, but there was just something fulfilling about spending time by himself and enjoying the minute passing of time.

There were times he got lonely, but it wasn’t very often. During those times he thought of Zoë and how she used to treasure her quiet time, too. They had had separate spaces in the house in which neither could come unless invited. It was a nice arrangement, one that had been her idea but Ian didn’t object to. It was certainly more fun when she got tired of being by herself and came looking for him. He’d turn to see her at his door, asking with a smile to be let in. He never once said no, especially not when she came with sex on her mind.

She’d never liked her big breasts, thought them too much of a bother when she was doing capoeira or going about the business of her life. But she loved them when they were having sex. She loved to have them touched and stroked, and he’d obliged her, washing them with his tongue, sucking the hard nipples until she begged for him to slip inside her. Zoë had loved foreplay but quickly realized she’d met her match in Ian.

He could go for hours, holding on to his orgasm like a miser with his gold until just the right time. He loved that ache in his balls, that tightening in his belly. Ian loved to savor that particular kind of pain. When he came, it was fantastic. Better than the rushed nut that a quick fuck could give. And he also loved to play with his woman’s pussy until it purred and salivated for him. Until his dick or tongue or fingers were all she wanted in that moment. Nothing else. No one else.

When he heard a moan, Ian thought that it was his dream Zoë. Her moans were often rough and urgent, ones that got his dick even harder as they fucked. The moans he heard were soft, reluctantly teased out of the woman. But sometimes Zoë gave him those, too, when he was working on her fourth or fifth orgasm, and she thought her body was too tired to go on.

She often came to him smelling of want and patchouli. He couldn’t resist her and didn’t want to. Once in his sunlit study, she’d stood near his chair, the one he knew she loved to fuck in. He watched her as his dick came to full hardness under his pants. She just stood there, gorgeous and undeniable with her heavy breasts, slim athlete’s body, and neatly trimmed bush. He could almost see her pussy swell and get wet, its walls thickening to receive him.

A moan came again, and this time Ian knew it wasn’t his memory of Zoë. It came from one of the upstairs rooms, a woman’s urgent sounds, and then a man’s, a rough counterpoint to her melodic vocal slide. Ian relaxed deeper into the terrace chair. His pants tented, and his head fell back. Between the twin stimulations of his memories of Zoë and the moans raining down on him, he was ready. He sipped his Scotch and savored the heathery burn of the drink on his tongue and down his throat.

Unbidden, his hips moved against the chair, his ass grinding against the air as arousal washed over him. The woman’s moans came louder, then words, soft and indecipherable, fell into the air. Ian pushed his pants down below his hips and took his cock in his hands. It pulsed hot and hard against his palm. Pre-cum already made him slick. He spread the moisture down and around his dick with a smooth up and down motion, imagining it was Zoë’s pussy that made his dick so wet, that made his balls leaden and ache.

In his study—in his memory—Zoë slowly lowered herself onto his thick erection. His head fell back, and he grasped the arms of the chair tighter. Her thick breasts waved close, bringing her scent of sweat and perfume to him. He moved his head snakelike toward them, capturing a thick nipple in his mouth and sucking softly, a gentle buildup of intensity he knew she liked. He squeezed the other breast, teasing its nipple with his thumb. Her pussy swallowed all of him then, and she tightened her internal muscles on him, squeezing his dick once and then twice. Ian groaned. Her breast fell from his mouth with a soft pop, and it hovered in his field of vision, moist from his tongue, before his eyes fell shut and swept away the delicious image.

She rode him slowly, moving her hips, squeezing him until his body was a hard, wonderful ache. He grabbed her ass, urging her faster. Zoë wanted it fast. She was trying to do it slowly for him, building up to the crescendo he liked. But he could have his time after. He’d give her this come, shoot inside her pussy now, so he could play with her flush-softened body later, lay her out on the rug and fuck her long and deep until they were both sore. But now. Her breasts hopped in front of his face as she sped her movements. The sweat limned her face, collecting on her upper lip above her fiercely snarling mouth. Ian massaged her breasts, squeezed her nipples until she grunted, riding his dick hard and fast, panting and urging him on.

She came with a soft scream, jerking on his dick until he was close and then closer. His eyes clasped shut, and his hands held tightly to her hips as she grunted and gasped, her pussy squeezing and gliding around him. Ian opened his eyes and saw another face, one mischievous and laughing, with a mouth sticky from grape jelly and peanut butter.

The cum exploded out of him like fireworks, pulsing bliss all over his hand, his shirt, the bared plane of his stomach. He floated down from his orgasm high long minutes later to grimace down at his wet hand. With a grunt, he pulled off his shirt and cleaned himself up, dropped the dirty V-neck at his feet.

Ian shook his head, laughing at himself. He hadn’t jerked off this much since high school. And even back then he was getting enough sex to make it more of a hobby than a necessity.

He licked his lips and drained his glass of Scotch. Upstairs the amorous couple was quiet now. There was the occasional giggle, an answering laugh, but they seemed to be otherwise done for the night.

Above Ian, the usual scattering of stars glowed against the dark blanket of night. Reminding him of another night, and of a particular woman who’d watched him with eyes big enough to drown in. Maybe it was time he found himself a flesh and blood woman to pursue. At the rate he was going, he’d get carpal tunnel and go blind.

Yeah, he thought. It’s time for something real.





Chapter 4




They made it back to Miami with no casualties or new STDs. If possible, Kendra and Archie seemed even closer, while Samantha found an unexpected hookup of her own with a townie who lived only a few minutes away from her.

Ian dropped off his students Sunday evening and was back on campus Monday morning as usual. He had a test planned for his Harlem Renaissance class on Tuesday and wanted to be sure he was just as ready as his students were supposed to be. At a few minutes past one, he finished up his work and, after a brief internal debate, decided to leave early.

“See you tomorrow, Ian.” Ella, the secretary for the Humanities division, smiled up at him as he walked by where she was crouched at the filing cabinet.

He heard her soft hum of appreciation as his jeans-clad backside passed by. Ella was fourteen years happily married, but, as she’d commented to him several times, “It doesn’t hurt to appreciate the beauty around here, does it? Especially not if it gives me a little more bounce in the bedroom later on in the day with my husband.”

“Have a good one, Ella,” he called back. “Don’t give that husband of yours a heart attack this evening, you hear?”

Ian closed the door on her delighted laughter. Outside, he put some distance between himself and the sun with his shades and hitched the strap of his briefcase up on one shoulder. The notes of a Luther Vandross song came to him, then he was whistling them, feeling like the Florida springtime, as mild as it was, had invaded his blood.

Maybe I should go to the club tonight. The thought was a welcome surprise. He hadn’t felt like going out, especially by himself, in a long while.

His first class wasn’t until eleven the next morning, so he would have plenty of time to recover if he decided to stay out past his usual bedtime. Ian was pondering which club to seek out when he heard someone call his name.

“Hey, Jasmine,” he answered when he recognized his student.

The young girl stood near an electric blue MINI Cooper convertible idling quietly by the curb. When she straightened up from lifting her backpack out of the rear passenger seat, Ian saw that the person behind the wheel was her mother. He nodded a greeting.

“Good to see you again.” He turned to Jasmine. “I thought you were away in Berkeley for the conference this week.”

“It’s next week, Mr. Tate. That’s why I’m taking your midterm early, remember?”

“That’s right.” He nodded, clearing the cobwebs from his brain. “And speaking of the midterm, just go to the Lit Club office tomorrow at three, and it’ll be all set up for you.”

“No problem,” Jasmine said. “Thanks again for being so understanding.”

“Any time. It’s not every day I play a part in helping a genius accomplish her life goals.”

Jasmine smiled then ducked down to look into the car. “See, Mama? Isn’t he the nicest man?”

Her mother smiled benignly from the driver’s seat. “Of course he is, darling.”

The young girl rolled her eyes and then leaned in to kiss her mother. “See you later, Ma. I’ll get a ride from Kenyatta. Bye, Mr. Tate. See you in class.”

“See you.” Ian waved.

They both watched her walk off toward the classrooms, her small body held in a graceful scythe that cut through all the superficial beauty around her. She was a lot like her mother. He looked away from Jasmine only to collide his gaze with her mother’s.

Ian cleared his throat. “It was good to see you again, Mrs. Hannah,” he said, starting to walk away to his own car.

“It’s Miss.” She looked him over again, very much like that first time she saw him in her doorway. “That is if you must use my last name. You can call me Tam, though. Or Tamarind. Either way is much less formal, don’t you think?”

“Absolutely. Then please call me Ian.”

She still watched him with that loaded stare of hers. Then she reached over to the passenger side and opened the door. “Why don’t you come for a drive with me, Ian?” It wasn’t so much of a question as it was a demand.

Why not? Ian tossed his briefcase in the backseat and got into the car. She pulled carefully away from the curb. But once they were outside the campus, she took off for the highway, opening up the nimble little car and slipping quickly over into the far left lane. The wind and open convertible top allowed for little conversation, so Ian used the time to watch Tam and appreciate her pixie-like beauty. And to compare the reality of her to the insatiable creature of his wet dreams. How could this woman have a nineteen-year-old child?

Ian looked back at the road as he felt the car slow. Tam slipped quickly from the left lane to the right and then off the highway.

“You like what you see?”

He glanced at her, guilty, until he noticed the teasing look in her eyes.

“Yes, I do.”

“Good.”

The MINI glided along the smooth pavement, its engine purring like the proverbial kitten. To the left of the car, the ribboning skyline of tall buildings reflecting back the sun. Biscayne Bay rippled under the light like a sleeping dragon.

“You’re not trying to take advantage of my daughter, are you?”

Ian looked at her in surprise. “Does it seem like I am?”

“That’s what I’m trying to figure out. Jasmine likes you.”

Tam shifted to second and guided the car down a narrow road leading toward the water. It wasn’t a path Ian was familiar with. “She thinks you’re a really good person, and I don’t want that goodness and niceness rising off you to be your way into her affections and her panties. She is secure about her lesbian sexuality, but she’s also naive about the world, especially about men.”

“Little girls aren’t my thing,” he said, watching the last of fellow car-bound travelers fade in the rearview mirror.

“So what exactly is your thing?”

Tam shifted into third, and they picked up speed, flying down the narrow road with wispy sea grass brushing against the car as they went. The wind stirred the folds of her dress, and the white cotton fluttered up, revealing her knee and a smooth length of thigh. Ian laughed.

Until that moment, he wasn’t sure what had been going on. Was Tam interrogating him? Was she trying to make him feel small for finding her, his student’s mother, attractive? Or did she just have the sudden urge for a stranger’s company in her sporty little car? But now he knew exactly where they were heading. She must have smelled the lust on him.

“My thing—,” he emphasized the last word with another soft laugh, “—is intriguing women. Like you.”

“Flatterer.”

The car slowed as it reached the beach. Sunlight made the stretch of beach even more beautiful, gilding the waving sea grass and the ocean that rippled iridescently under its bright rays. Except for a lone house nestled higher up in the rocks, the beach was deserted.

“You’re very beautiful, Ian,” she said and brought the car to a stop. “But I’m sure you’ve heard that before.”

“I have.”

Tam laughed. She dropped the car keys in the cup holder and got out. The hem of her long white dress brushed against her bare ankles and feet as she stepped on the sand. Ian had no choice but to follow.

“This is where I come to paint sometimes.” She gestured around them with a bangled hand. “A friend who lives up in Fort Lauderdale owns it. He doesn’t come out here very often, and he doesn’t mind me using it.” Then Tam turned to him as if he was more interesting scenery than the one she had just been looking at. “Along with other things.” She tilted her head to look at him, mischievous charm in the full curve of her mouth and her warm eyes.

“Ian.” She sighed his name and smoothed a small hand over his button-down shirt. She trailed the fingers over his and then up his muscled forearm, over the folded cuffs of his shirt, up to squeeze his biceps and then his shoulders. Tam parted the first two buttons on his shirt, and Ian watched, intrigued, and wondering just how far she would go. She went all the way. He stood while she undid every button, leaving the subtly striped cotton to frame the bare, hairless plane of his chest, the gilled muscles along his ribs, and his flat, chiseled belly.

Tam walked backward, inviting him to follow with the gentle tug of her fingers until her ass gently connected with the tail of the car.

“Have you ever had an older woman before?”

He shook his head, mind still unable to work out that he was going to have this older woman, this woman who looked more like one of his students than anybody he’d ever thought of fucking. His mind was a little slow on the uptake, but his body was already there. The full almost-pain of his arousal pushed against the stiff material of his jeans. Then she reached for him and undid the zipper, allowing his dick to jut, full and hard, into the warm air. She wrapped her hands around him, and he had to steady himself against the car with a shuddering sigh. Her fingers felt so good, so right on him.

“I want to fuck you, Ian,” she said, moving her hand slowly from base to crown of his dick in an exquisite motion that threatened to buckle his knees. “This has nothing to do with my daughter. Or your school or anything else.” Her thumb stroked the head of his cock and he jerked, beyond shame, in her hand. “You’re beautiful. I want you inside me.”

Although he was never planning on getting laid at this very moment, Ian was prepared. He fumbled in his back pocket for one of the condoms he’d put in his wallet the week before. Once he had it out, Tam took the condom and tore open the packet before smoothing the rubber over his sensitized dick. She watched the emotions play across his face.

“I’m really going to enjoy you.”

“Believe me,” he said with a low groan, his body flushed hot from her nearness, “it’ll be mutual.”

Ian lifted her. He swept her skirt up and out of his way, and she helped him, moving aside her flimsy panties so he could slide deeply, finally, inside her melting hot pussy.

“Jes—! Oh, fuck…”

He’d never had a woman before. That was how it felt to be inside the weeping heat of her that surrounded him, clasped him, and invited him deeper. Nothing in his life had ever felt this good—God help him—not even Zoë.

Her eyes stared wide into his, steadily keeping him captive as he moved inside her. Tam blinked and licked her lips. Ian lifted her against him, moving her slight body in time with his thrusts. Her breath caressed his face, brushed him with the scent of anise as she rose against and then above him. The sweet glide and squeeze of her pussy on his dick, the burn in his thighs and arms as he held her up, her heated breath on his face, all moved him in a slow, magnificent ascent toward his peak.

“Ian.” Her heels locked behind his back, and he trembled. She moved harder against him but still slow, grinding her clit against him with each pass. Her eyelashes fluttered, but she still held him with her stare. “Ian.”

She hooked him with that stare, grabbed his balls, his dick, his desire in an unbreakable grip and, with a measured, deliberate torture, began to squeeze.

He gasped her name and staggered under the weight of their combined lust. She fell back against the car, and he followed, thrusting deep inside her, keeping that slow rhythm that made them shudder against each other, made his breath go deep and hard, made her latch on to his shoulders in desperate pleasure.

“Shit!” He bucked against her, lifting her up against the car, driving her into the small machine with each measured motion of his hips. So good. She felt so good. Tam gasped, a quick catch in the back of her throat, and threw her head back. She came around him like magic. Her cunt conjured his orgasm, threw him into a brilliant scatter of thoughts and sensations—his muscles hard and arching, pleasure bursting in his groin, in his head, the exotically spiced scent of their sex around him, milking another twitch from him, another groan, another shudder.

“Thank you.” Her wide eyes looked at him, wet with pleasure and amusement. “That was even better than I expected.”

Ian assumed that was his hint to get off her and her car. He eased up, groaning involuntarily at the singing ache in his thighs. Damn, it felt good. With another groan, he slipped off the condom and, after a few seconds’ hesitation about what to do with it, tossed it aside. His body felt good and tired, overcome with the deep lassitude that came after an intense, satisfying fuck. He hadn’t felt that in a long time, and, watching Tam, he realized how badly he wanted to feel it again. Her eyes smiled at him as if she knew exactly what he was thinking.

She brushed down her skirt and moved toward the driver’s side of the car. “You ready?”





Chapter 5




“Can you believe I’m banging that ass?”

Ian looked up from his paper. Simon Taylor sat down at the table next to him, holding a photograph. Michael Spencer, the university’s philosophy professor, walked over with the coffeepot in hand, curious about whatever Simon had to show. The university’s posh interpretation of a faculty lounge was mostly quiet this time of day. Those who could go home did. Only instructors with later classes or with nothing else better to do sat around in the comfortably furnished but cold lounge. Ian had class in less than an hour.

He’d tried focusing on the upcoming lesson, but thoughts of Tam kept intruding. He remembered how she’d felt two days ago as she came around him, squeezing him, rubbing her clothed breasts against his chest. Even thoughts of their ambivalent parting in the school parking lot afterward, her distracted, almost puzzled smile as she’d left him alone to find his ride home, plagued him.

Simon passed the photo to Ian. It was of a cute girl in a bikini. Or, at least, half of a bikini. The bottoms sat low on her curvaceous hips while the top was held tightly in her hands as she lunged toward the person holding the camera. The child was nothing remarkable, simply young and firm everywhere that sagging men like Simon liked to touch. Most of their colleagues knew that Simon used his intro poetry classes as his personal dating pool, not hesitating to take advantage of his young pupils’ naïveté and romantic notions.

“Don’t you wish you had a piece of this, Tate?”

Michael smirked. “Maybe he’s not into that kind of ass.”

“You’re right,” Ian said, barely giving the older man a glance. “I like my women out of training pants.”

“There’s nothing wrong with enjoying the fruits of the university, Ian.” Heinrich, a biracial German with a thick accent and a bulldog’s face, said as he returned Simon’s photo. “You know better than any man here how far these girls go to get their instructors into bed.” Heinrich was happily married eight years now to another professor at the university. They had a notoriously open relationship and often had wild sex parties at their house not too far from campus.

“I agree, Rick. But the fruit here is not to my taste,” Ian said. “Too young. Too simple.”

“For shit’s sake, you’re going to fuck them not hire them to be your TA.” Simon tucked the picture back in his wallet.

“You could do both, now.”

Heinrich laughed at Michael’s exaggerated piggishness. “True, true.”

“I like a firm ass as much as the next man,” Ian said. “But the idea of fucking someone on this campus actually makes me feel a little queasy.”

“You must have a weak stomach then.” Heinrich turned back to his laptop. “Most of your colleagues don’t have that problem.”

Ian reluctantly chuckled. “Obviously.”



He walked into his classroom forty-five minutes later, ready to give out the exam. He wrote the instructions on the board and put test booklets on each desk before sitting down at his own. Then he waited for his students to come in and find their seats. They gradually filed in, already familiar with the routine. Most were quiet, already taking out pre-sharpened pencils and ink-filled pens, knowing the intensity of his essay exams. At one minute after the hour, he closed the classroom door and told them to begin. For a moment he watched their heads bow over their test papers and listened to the frantic scratch of pencil and pen across paper, nervously cleared throats, and the occasional and unexpected curse word.

Then he looked down at his book and thought about her. There was nothing else for him to do. He would have liked to go about his day as if he got the best sex of his life against the back of a MINI Cooper every day, but he couldn’t. Now the siren had crossed over from the realm of dreams to reality. He knew what she tasted like. He knew how she felt. He knew the hint of sound she made when she came. In his dreams, she had been a screamer, loud and passionate in her praise of him and their sex. The reality of her was better. Hotter. He looked forward to making her scream his name.



Later that evening he left school with no particular destination in mind but wasn’t surprised when he ended up on Tam’s doorstep. Ian hesitated about ringing the doorbell. He couldn’t use Jasmine as an excuse to stop by. She was out of town at her conference. Which, truth be told, was why he was here in the first place.

“Sorry I didn’t call first,” he said when she opened the door.

Tam didn’t seem surprised to see him. In fact, she opened the door wider, a cat’s creamed smile on her face.

“This is a nice surprise, Ian,” she said.

She closed the door behind him and turned to walk back into the house. Like a puppet, he followed. Ian swore he could smell everything about her, the salty wet in her panties, the fragrance of mingled herbs that lay between her breasts, the anise on her breath.

“Would you like something to eat?”

“Yes.”

She wore a skirt today, a white, knee-length, linen thing draped over her perky bottom and a small tank top that showed off the small muscles in her arms and her wealth of soft skin. Tofu simmered in a pot on the stove. The sauce smelled of peanuts and coconut milk. Tam turned down the fire and walked to the kitchen’s center island where she had been slicing vegetables before Ian rang her bell. She reached into the drawers of the island and took out two plates and a couple of glasses.

“How old are you?” she asked suddenly.

“Twenty-eight, and you?”

“Thirty-nine as of two weeks ago.” She looked at him for a moment and then went to the sink to rinse out the plates and glasses.

“Oh, excuse me,” Ian said, backing out of her way as she almost bumped into him on her way back to the island.

They moved around the room in an awkward dance, with Tam flickering strange looks at him until Ian wondered what exactly he was doing at this woman’s house. So what if they’d had a great time against the back of her car? That didn’t mean she wanted to date. Ian cleared his throat.

“I came over to get your number,” he said. “I thought about calling but then realized I had no idea what your number was.”

“Are you sure that’s not just an excuse? I can’t imagine you not having access to Jasmine’s phone number.” She finished slicing her carrots and swept them from the cutting board into a silver bowl already lined with freshly washed lettuce and pieces of broccoli. “Which, by the way, is also mine.”

“Cut me some slack, I’m trying not to seem like a stalker here.”

“Oh, I see.” She smiled at him as she put away the cutting board and knives before wiping clean the checkered marble countertop.

Ian leaned back against the cupboards and watched her. She seemed so confident here, so sure of herself. Was he the only one caught unawares in this awkward moment? Then he noticed the slight tremor in her hands as she turned off the stove. “I’ve been thinking about you,” he said. What an understatement that was. Obsessed. Priapic. Under her damn spell.

Those were better words to describe what he was feeling. “And?” She finally stopped her movement around the kitchen. Her eyes bored into his.

“I think you should take some of the blame for that. If you hadn’t invited me into your car…” or answered the door that night over a week ago or even existed, “then I’d be safe on my side of town and you’d be free to eat your tofu alone.”

She bit into a baby carrot and chewed slowly. “Who says I want to eat my tofu alone?”

Ian watched her for any sign that she was playing with him. He stood up from his prop against the cupboard and felt the ground steady under his feet. Tam stayed where she was, chewing her carrot, watching.

Her skin was soft. He thought he had dreamed that, too. Velvet under his hand, buttery on the tongue. Ian sucked her finger into his mouth, tasting the hints of carrot, broccoli, and dish soap that clung to her skin. She fell into a deeper slouch against the island, and her lips parted as she watched him taste her. He kissed the back of her hand, the inside of her wrist, her elbow, and then her shoulder. Tam’s arm draped on his hip bone, and her hand fell forward to rest against his ass.

“Beautiful boy,” she murmured, exploring the contours of his round ass with her fingers.

He wanted to tell her that he was a man not a boy, but her skin entranced him, and all he could do was slide his palms up her back, and that motion became a lift onto the kitchen island, and then he was tugging off her panties and burrowing under her skirts to find the source of the smell that had been torturing him since he’d walked into the house.

She shaved. He hadn’t properly noticed it before when they were fucking on the beach, but now his tongue glided over her smooth flesh without resistance. He sighed and then groaned. She smelled so fucking good. He teased her with his tongue, lightly touching the soft bud of her clitoris as he bathed the sensitive flesh with his breath. Her pussy eagerly opened up for him, and he went, gently, inside. She tasted like rain, fresh and abundant. Tam sighed and fell deeper onto the marble surface. Her legs floated up to his shoulders, and Ian caressed them as his tongue savored the delicate flavor of her pussy.

This was what he came here to eat. Fuck the tofu.

She gasped as his tongue pushed firmly inside her. His nose nudged her clit, and she gasped again. Her hand settled on top of his head.

“That’s…perfect.” Tam moved against his mouth, murmuring soft nonsense words as he ate his fill of her.

Ian freed his aching cock from the prison of his trousers, passed his hand briefly over it to put on a condom, and then he returned his attentions back where they belonged. His mouth was wet with her, his nose full of her smell, his arms full of her softness. He groaned against her clit, and she jerked. Her hand fluttered down to his neck. His mouth opened wider as he used the flat of his tongue on her clit, lavishing it with deep strokes and sucks until her breath was nothing but hisses and her nails bit painfully into his skin. Her hips cycloned on the countertop, thrusting harder and harder against his face.

“Oh!” The sound was reluctant, an escapee from her tightened lips. She bucked against him. Then her cunt fluttered and flexed as she came. He stood up swiftly and buried himself inside her. The last flutterings of her pussy tugged him instantly deeper, hurling him toward his own orgasm. Too fast, but he’d take what he could get. He pushed his dick inside her to the hilt before withdrawing, then again and again. He was so close. She clung to him, scented, pussy wet, and warm. He could feel her building again, and he forced himself to slow down. He wanted her so much. His body sang with desire, heated like he’d just come from the sauna, breath out of control and loud in her kitchen.

Tam’s hips flew into motion again, and he heaved, panting over her, trying to ram them both into the marble countertop. Her hands flew back, reaching for something, anything that wasn’t him. A glass fell to the floor with a harsh crash. She slid across the counter, and he followed, grunting and ravenous. The sweat poured down her face and neck, staining the white linen of her blouse. Her nipples strained through the tank top, begging for his mouth, his tongue. He wanted to see them. He wanted to taste them. But—shit!

They came, panting, together and collapsed in a sprawl across the sweat-slickened surface of the kitchen island. After a moment she pushed at his shoulders. He was heavy. A groan escaped Ian as he slipped from her and then from the countertop. His thighs and arms still ached from their session on the beach two days before. Without bothering to hide himself, he stripped off the condom and dropped it in her kitchen trash. Then, noticing the broken glass, he carefully swept it up with a nearby broom and dustpan and tossed it in with the used rubber.

“That was a little presumptuous of you, don’t you think?”

“What?” Ian looked up from tucking his shirt back into his trousers. His knees felt weak. What was this woman doing to him?

“To come here with a rubber in your pocket.”

“It’s not just you,” he said. “I’m always prepared.”

Tam lay back, propped up on her elbows, watching him. She was always watching. The wet flower of her pussy, framed by the white skirt and the sprawl of her thighs, made him stop, slow down, and almost reverse the direction of his zipper. Ian cleared his throat and backed away.

“Can I see you again?” He made a show of examining the salad bowl, ignoring the heavy drum of his heart. He wanted this. In the worst way. He had no idea what it was about this woman that had him by the balls, but she had him. “I’d like to do it in a bed sometime.”

She threw her head back and laughed. “You are a presumptuous little fuck.”

“Little?” He raised an eyebrow, and she laughed even harder.

Ian shook his head. She still hadn’t given him an answer. But he knew she would say yes. The hum of her pussy around his dick was her yes. She just didn’t know it yet.

Ian left the salad bowl alone. “Come on. Be nice to me, and show me around your house. Afterward, we can have some dinner.”

She watched him, speculation bright in her eyes. Then she hopped off the kitchen island and brushed down her skirt. “Why not?”

The house was made for comfort, clean smelling and cool, with plants scattered on every available light-filtered surface and an adventure of color— olive green, maroon, shell pink— on each wall. It was a feminine, cozy house, with canvas after canvas of beautiful art on the walls—large fantastical nature scenes, painstakingly realistic in their detail, down to the whisker on a bunny’s nose, the dusty blue of a butterfly’s wing, but with a hint of something otherworldly hovering in the background. The artist’s use of light and shadow was beautifully effective.

“Your place is nice,” Ian said. “I especially like the art.”

“Thank you. It’s mine.”

“Really?” Ian nodded, impressed. “It’s very good.”

“I know. It pays the bills.”

So she was a working artist. He looked around the house again. Very nice.

“You have a beautiful home.” They ended the tour in her bedroom. “Very beautiful.”

The room was like her, lush and overwhelming with its color. Red walls, a vivid blue rug on the hardwoods, a queen-size bed covered with a bright red Mexican blanket and six solid colored pillows. The only calm spot in the room were the bare canvasses on the walls, stretched and framed bits of white space scattered like light around the room.

“Thank you.”

He felt his body reacting to her again. It didn’t seem fair when she seemed so unaffected. Ian wanted her to react to him. “Have you ever had a man in here?”

“Not with my child in the house.”

“That makes sense.” He looked at her again, considering. “Will you have me in here?” He pulled his shirt out of his pants and started to unbutton it. “She’s not home.”

Her hesitation didn’t stop him. Ian stripped for her, tempting her with his tight, flexing body. One pair of pants, socks, shoes, and boxers later, he stood naked at her bed while she stared from the bedroom door.

In the mirrored closet door, he saw a reflection of them, Tam with her mouth bitten red and her nipples hard against her shirt as she leaned back against the closed door. Ian’s body was hard and flawless, a visual feast of muscled calves, thick runner’s thighs, hardening penis, washboard belly, and hard, hairless chest. His face was open to her, showing her how much he wanted to touch and be touched, how very much he’d like to fuck her on that holiday miracle bed of hers and knock all those damn pillows to the floor.

“You know, you can,” he said. “Have me, that is.”

“What makes you think I want you?”

It was his turn to laugh. “I know your pussy is wet for me now.” His eyes flickered over her body as if he could see beneath her clothes to the thickening lower lips and the moisture gathering there. “You want me to go down on you again, or do you just want to fuck? The bed is right here.” He decided to change his tone. “Making love in it would be so sweet.”

“I don’t believe in making love.” She said the last two words with a scornful curl of her lip. “Only in fucking.”

He shrugged. “I’m always down for that, too.”

Ian didn’t go to her. He waited for her to come to him, and she did.

“Did you bring only one rubber?”

“I’m sure you have some here.” He prayed she did. The last thing he wanted to do was put his clothes back on and trudge down to the damn corner store for some condoms.

“You’re right.” Tam smiled. “I do.”

She traced the muscles of his chest with her fingers as though she couldn’t help herself. Her thumb flicked one nipple. Then the other. Ian drew in a quick breath. This woman was playing with him. Every touch of her hand, every smell of her turned his brain to shit. And she knew it.

Her hands roamed over his chest, tracing its contours and curves. She touched his throat, squeezing it for a moment, and then stroked his jaw, his cheeks, and the beginnings of his stubble.

“You’re so fucking hot, you know that?”

It was a rhetorical question. One he apparently wasn’t even supposed to pay attention to because she pressed close to him, crushing his hard, aching dick between his stomach and hers. Tam licked his mouth, tracing his closed lips with her tongue, begging for entrance with the quiet undulation of her belly against his dick, until he opened his mouth and let her in. She tasted like carrots. Her tongue slipped between his teeth, dancing against his tongue while his dick hardened even more and throbbed against her. He pulled briefly away from her to strip off her skirt and blouse.

Tam didn’t wear a bra. She didn’t need to. Her breasts stood up perky and firm in the cool air of the bedroom, inviting his fingers and mouth. He didn’t bother complimenting her. She had to know how breathtaking she was. Now that the fever of lust was gone, he could take the time to savor her intoxicating beauty like fine wine. His hands shaped her body, traced the long-limbed smoothness of her, the softly sighing, pleasing length of her that made him feel a little mad, a little drunk, and a far way down the road to infatuation.

Ian pressed her backward on the bed, bending her lithe body until they fell onto the surprisingly soft blanket. He grunted softly. Their kissing was slow and teasing, a biting of lips and sucking of tongues, and then deep, sweeping tastes of each other’s mouths that felt so damn good they almost didn’t need to have sex for Ian to get off. The press of her skin against his was electric. Her tongue in his mouth, her hands on his ass, over his back, in his hair, all were driving him slowly insane with pleasure.

She rolled his balls in her palm while her tongue moved, sweet and slick, in his mouth. It felt like she was licking his balls, turning the flesh over on her tongue like candy. Tam moaned deep in her throat, but it was Ian who reared up, suddenly very eager to be inside her. He felt, ridiculously, like a fourteen-year-old boy again with his first woman, although he could swear that back then he had more self-control than now.

The bed sighed as he eased her onto her back and slowly parted her thighs. He was teaching himself control, too. It didn’t make sense that he wanted her so badly, not when they’d just had a really amazing fuck in her kitchen. He’d always prided himself on his self-control where women and sex were concerned. Pleasure was Ian’s way of keeping the women he wanted captive. Make them love the dick, love his tongue on their pussy, so they wouldn’t think twice about leaving. Them dying wasn’t something he could control.

She swallowed him without hesitation. The slick walls of her pussy welcomed him, sheathed him in liquid pleasure. Ian arched his neck back, a long, luxurious groan easing its way out of his throat. No pussy had ever felt this good. None. In a bed, it was even better. Her legs slid up the backs of his calves and thighs, and she sighed.

He moved deeper inside her, slowly, hitting her clit on the down stroke. Their breaths came slowly, deeply as they watched each other, their combined efforts breaking out the sweat on both their bodies. Ian sank deeply again and then sped up his rhythm, alternating the deep, heavy fuck with the shallow, clit-skimming one that made her lips part in surprised pleasure.

His body felt rich with desire for her, his dick, his balls, his muscles aching to please her even as her molten wetness dragged him near the brink. The red blanket exhaled the scent of lemons and rosemary as he propped himself up on his hands and fucked her harder. He felt the sweat gather in the deep muscles of his back, flowing down into the crack of his ass. Tam grabbed his biceps and gasped as her orgasm took her by surprise.

“Ian!” She reared up in the bed, rising up against him, but he held her, slowing his strokes but still diving against her clit to prolong her orgasm. He kept on going, and she chuckled through her sighs of pleasure.

“Are you on a mission?” She gasped.

“Something—like that.”

He could fuck her all night. Her fingers skimmed up his chest, sliding over the muscles slick with sweat. It didn’t matter that she saw him as young and cocky, only that under him she sighed and moaned and clung, her legs winding around him like ropes as the bedsprings creaked and the lamplight flooded over them, highlighting her pleasure-streaked face and the eyes that grew wider and wider with surprise the longer he lasted and the more she came. Ian’s muscles began to ache, but he didn’t ease up.

At one point she might have gasped “stop,” but it became another “don’t stop,” and her breath reeded in her throat, climbing up the register of need and pleasure and fulfillment. She lay beneath him, her face, throat, and chest wet as if she’d just come from a bath.

The sounds of dawn—early work traffic, the fading music of night creatures, dedicated morning joggers—began to filter through the window. Only then did Ian let himself go inside her. He lifted her leg and her ass until she was perfectly positioned for what he wanted. Her eyes opened even wider, and she growled. She actually growled. Ian wanted to laugh, but his dick had control of everything in that moment, and it only wanted to come.

His hips pistoned into the bed, and he let his voice loose, grunting and gasping as the feeling, leashed before like a captive lion, roared in his body until he was shivering with the electricity of it and his back ached and he was coming fast, fast, fast inside her pussy. He took her with him. Tam reached back to hold on to the scrolled headboard, her mouth opened, her back arched high off the bed, her hips jerking in perfect counterpoint to his.

“Fuck, yes!”

Their frantic breaths roiled against each other in the aftermath. Ian rolled over and brought Tam’s unprotesting body with him to lay on his chest. Her breath still came heavily, her face buried in his neck, and the rest of her body draped over him. Their lazy sex smell tugged at him, inducing the beginnings of lethargy.

He blinked at her ceiling. Fuck. This woman was magic. Ian hadn’t been able to enjoy himself like this in a really long time. He sighed and relaxed even deeper into the bed.

“You can’t stay.”

He looked down at Tam. She pushed herself up and away from him, separating herself from his body and then the bed. Her lovely ass, damp from their sex, sauntered to the other side of the room. She plucked her robe from the closet and put it on.

“Sorry.” Her look wasn’t sorry at all.

He sat up in the bed. “Can I take a shower first?”

“Sure.”

Like everything else in this house, the bathroom was built for comfort. It had a roomy, glass-encased shower fitted with a radio, CD player, and mirror. The massive tub sat on the other side of the bathroom with various delicate smelling, feminine things neatly tucked away on shelves within arm’s reach. He climbed into the shower and turned on the water.

Tam’s dismissal aside, the night had been pure pleasure. He felt like he’d just come from a particularly good workout. His muscles pumped thickly with blood and were already aching. After a quick hair and body shampoo, Ian got out of the shower and toweled himself dry. In the mirror, he was the same as before. Handsome face, cool eyes, body as strong as always, but inside was another matter. Inside he was weak and begging. But only for her.

He walked out of the bathroom and into her gaze. “Thanks for the shower.”

She sat on the window seat, the same one she’d watched him from that first time, looking beautiful and sexy and in control in her flowered robe. But he didn’t miss the way her eyes devoured his naked body, lingering only a little on his heavy cock that they both vividly remembered had been inside her only a few minutes before. He started to get dressed.

“So are we in one of those on-the-sly relationships, or will you come out for a drink with me sometime?” he asked.

“I don’t go out for drinks.”

He knew she was bullshitting, but didn’t want to press the issue.

“Not even water?” Well, maybe just a little.

“Sometimes.” A smile came and went on her face. “I do eat, though. Why don’t you invite me to your place for dinner?”

So she was planning on keeping him secret. “When can you come?” he asked.

“Anytime.”

That sounded promising. Ian felt his lips twitch. He picked up the pencil on her bedside table and, on the cover of her sketch pad, wrote down his address, phone number, and his name, too, in case she forgot it.

“My schedule is very flexible after six in the evening every day. I’m off on the weekends and Thursdays. And—” he smiled as she glanced down at what he’d just written, “—you don’t have to call first.”

“Are you sure about that?” She raised an eyebrow. “Doesn’t a boy like you have at least a dozen little sex bunnies lined up to fill his evenings?”

“Maybe a boy like me, but this man doesn’t.”

Her lips pursed, and then she smiled. “Point taken.” She stood up from the window seat. “I’ll call you.”’

And, Ian thought with a wry grin, that was his cue to go.





Chapter 6




Ian was surprised when Tam showed up on his doorstep the following Thursday bearing gifts.

“May I come in?” she asked as he stood there staring at her for longer than what was called for. She held a large picnic basket in front of her with both hands. It looked heavy.

“Please do,” he said, regaining his equilibrium. This was definitely a surprise.

This was the first time he’d seen her in black. The slim-fitting, sleeveless dress skimmed down her shoulders over her pretty breasts and belly to swirl just above the floor and the silver sandals on her feet. As she walked past him into the house, the scent of green tea and rosemary floated up from her skin. He almost closed the door on his foot when he noticed the back of the dress. It was nearly nonexistent, revealing the subtle musculature of her shoulders and back as it dropped from the narrow shoulder straps to hug her high ass, hips, and thighs.

“Where’s your kitchen?”

Ian pointed and watched as she walked toward it, her small but shapely behind twitching like a metronome. He looked on, amazed, as she unloaded her picnic basket on the counter. Damn. Tam took out a bottle of pre-chilled white wine, grilled salmon, asparagus, mashed potatoes, gravy, sliced strawberries, and two small cakes, all in their own separate containers.

“I thought since I didn’t call to give you time to make dinner, I’d bring a little something.” Tam turned and opened cupboard after cupboard until she found wine glasses. She took out two and began to set up the small dining table for dinner. “I hope you’re hungry.”

As a matter of fact, Ian was. He had also been about to go out for chicken wings and beer with his friends. But that was obviously not going to happen now.

“Just give me one second.” He went into the bedroom to cancel on his friends. “Sorry, Derrick. Something very unexpected came up. Tell the guys I’ll see them on the court tomorrow night.”

His friend made some noises of protest, but eventually said, “Cool,” and hung up the phone. When Ian got back to the dining area, two places were already set, food on the plates, candles lit, and the wine poured.

“I’m normally much more domestic than this, but you’ll have to take what you get tonight.”

“I’m sure I’ll be more than satisfied with your efforts,” Ian said.

Tam snickered and invited him to sit down. “Come, before the food gets cold. I had to race over here as it is to make sure the steam was still on the fish.” She glanced at Ian. “Oh, I forgot to ask, you do like salmon, don’t you?”

He laughed. “Yes, I do.”

They sat down at the table, facing each other like teenagers on a first date. She glanced at him over the flickering lights of the candles, smiling. The salmon was good, tender without being overcooked, and the butter-simmered asparagus melted on his tongue.

“Good choice,” he said, indicating the wine. It was a vintage he had in his cupboard, a light pear-infused wine with just a hint of the fruit’s sweetness.

“Thank you,” she murmured.

They ate a few more bites, occasionally watching each other with nothing but the silence between them. Then Ian decided to break it.

“So, what brings you to my neck of the woods?”

Tam smiled. “Not too much. I was bored sitting at home by myself. Jasmine’s off on a study date, and I can’t focus on painting right now.”

“I see.” He wondered if this was a booty call disguised as dinner. Not that he had a problem with that.

Tam neatly sliced an asparagus stalk in two and then forked a piece to her lips. She licked off the butter, swirling her tongue around the abbreviated vegetable before sucking it into her mouth.

“So, tell me about yourself,” she said. “I feel like I know a lot about you as a professor, but not too much about Ian Tate, the man.”

“You know a lot about the man.”

“I want to know more about you than the size of your dick and how many times you can make me come.”

“Why do you want more than that? I thought all you wanted to do was fuck.”

“You do get straight to the point, don’t you?”

“I try to. It saves on all the excess bullshit.”

Tam smiled again. “Well, I’m interested in you. Obviously.” She paused. “We don’t always have to get together for sex.”

“Ah, I see. You think that just because I’m Jasmine’s professor, things would get complicated. Well, your daughter doesn’t have to know anything about us. Nobody does.”

She tilted her head to look at him. “I’m not trying to keep you a secret.”

“Really? Then why can’t I take you out to dinner somewhere public?”

Tam blushed. It was the second unexpected thing from her tonight. Her skin darkened to an even lovelier shade, and she looked down.

“OK. Scratch that.” She sipped her wine, waving the fingers of her free hand dismissively. “We’re two reasonably mature people who enjoy each other’s company. Can you just leave it at that?”

“I just want to be clear on what’s going on here.” Ian felt the need to keep this light. Their talk was getting much too serious much too quickly. “We can get together and fuck, maybe even have the occasional dinner. But if, say, I had a faculty party to go to and needed a last minute date, I shouldn’t bother calling you, right?”

“Something like that wouldn’t be completely out of the question,” she said just as facetiously. “Under some circumstances, I would be able to go with you.”

“That’s a relief,” Ian murmured, his tone dry as desert sand. Tam rolled her eyes and laughed. They finished their dinner talking comfortably about nothing too important. Then she helped him wash the dishes before they went into his cozy bachelor’s living room and sat on the couch in front of the darkened television.

“If this were a normal date, I’d ask you to watch a movie with me,” Ian said.

“Who says this isn’t a normal date?” She leaned over to look at his meager DVD collection stacked neatly under his IKEA coffee table. “You want to watch this one?” She sat back with a copy of Coming to America in her hand. It had been Zoë’s favorite movie. And with such a simple thing, his wife’s memory bubbled up in him.

“Sure,” he said, clearing his throat. “You want some popcorn?”

She refused the popcorn, but he got up and went into the kitchen anyway to get them both glasses of water and a bowl of M&M’s. Ian swallowed hard as he emptied the packet of candy into the clear glass bowl. When he walked back into the living room, she had the movie ready to play in the DVD player. Her sandals were off and her legs curled up on the sofa. She seemed innocent and young. For a moment it was easy to forget that this was the woman who had effortlessly given him the best sex of his life and seemed to have no problem with a no-strings-attached repeat performance.

Tam looked up as he neared the sofa, then she leaned toward the table to pick up the remote. Her bare back, slender and sleek, glowed briefly in the blue light of the television before she sat back in her seat. The earlier impression of innocence vanished when she turned toward him.

“Ready?” she asked.

When Ian sat down, she leaned into him, inviting him to slip an arm around her. Another surprising move, but he wasn’t going to complain. Her skin, brushed with that same illusive green tea and rosemary scent he’d noticed when she first walked into his apartment, was soft and yielding beneath his hand. Tam pressed PLAY on the remote control.

The opening credits started, and, for a moment, it was easy to believe it was Zoë beside him on the sofa, saying for the millionth time how much she loved Eddie Murphy, although the Beverly Hills Cop series wasn’t exactly her favorite piece of cinema. But his wife had never called it “cinema,” and she never smelled like fresh growing things, and she never had bits of red paint stuck in the corners of her fingernails.

“Are you all right?” the not-Zoë asked.

“Yeah, just a little gas. No big deal.” He lightly thumped his chest for effect.

“Too much asparagus, maybe,” she said and rubbed the place over his heart. “Just don’t burp in my hair.”

“I’ll try my best not to,” he said. Then she draped an arm over his sprawled thigh, her hand hovering just above his dick. All thoughts of Zoë went flying out the window.

But Tam didn’t go any farther. It was just her and her soft skin and the possibility of sexual contact that made him want to arch his hips to her hand or move his own hand to her breast just to take the night to its inevitable conclusion. They watched the movie in relative silence until it ended with the final happily ever after, and then Tam was yawning and stretching out her long legs.

“That was nice,” she said. Her breath smelled like chocolates and near sleep as she leaned in toward him. “I’m going. Jasmine should be home by now.”

His eyes searched her face for some hint that she might be joking. Did she really just come over here to tease him and then run back home? Her mouth settled on his, creating a light suction.

“Good night.”

Before she could pull away he anchored her to him, opening his thighs wider and pulling her lips closer again. The chocolates were stale on her tongue and the sleep flavor bitter, but Tam was sweet. She twined her slim arms around his neck and pressed her breasts against him. His dick perked up, blooming full and hard against her stomach.

Ian scraped his blunt fingernails gently across her back and felt pleased indeed when she arched deeper into him and opened her mouth wider for his kisses. Soon she was kneeling in the sofa, her thighs spread over him as she held his face and kissed him deeply, saying with her tongue and her hands and the trembling beginning of a moan that she wasn’t quite ready to go.

Ian moved his hands to her hips, kneading her soft flesh. Her dress hiked up, and he was under it, exploring the pieces of string that made up her panties and then the skin beneath. She actually moaned when his hand brushed over her shaved pussy, and her mouth slipped away from him as she gasped. His fingers found her soaked lips and her clit and then lightly stroked the opening of her pussy. Tam’s head fell back, and she pulled down the straps of her dress to reveal her breasts. Her nipples were as hard as the chocolate M&M’s. They didn’t at all melt in his mouth as his tongue moved over them, tasting and sucking them while his hand played with her soaking pussy.

He caressed her clit to the rhythm of his tongue on her nipples, and she rewarded him with a long, singing moan. Her wetness dripped over his fingers, washing over them like seawater. She was so slippery, so open he could slide his dick inside her now with almost no resistance. She would swallow him, hold him in the sultry vice of her pussy and ride him hard until they both collapsed with pleasure. The image of it made his dick throb even more.

She gasped again as he slipped a finger inside her, still stroking her clit with his thumb. Tam raked her fingers through his hair and down his neck, feeding him her breasts, her nipples, the gift of her noises. He sped up the motion of his fingers, and she grasped his head to her chest, nearly suffocating him in the steamy heat of her breasts. Her hips started to jerk uncontrollably, her pussy snaked against his hand, and she was coming, gasping and shuddering in his grasp, her arms still holding his head tightly to her breasts.

“Shit…” she murmured breathlessly against his hair.

“I’m glad you enjoyed it,” he said with a soft laugh.

She pulled away from him, releasing his head to fall back and let the couch catch her full weight. From the deep olive green of the sofa, her body looked sated and soft. She smiled at him, taking a slow visual tour of his body, with a particularly long stop at the swollen ache in his jeans.

“So,” she said. “What can I do for you?”

He shook his head. “Not a thing. I’m good.”

“Really?” She looked at his dick again.

It throbbed as she licked her lips and then slowly eased a finger between them. She sucked on the finger until it was wet and moving with liquid ease in and out of her mouth.

“No, it’s OK.” He cleared his throat and surreptitiously adjusted himself. “I’ve got some papers to get to before tomorrow. If I don’t do it now, it’ll be the weekend. And I don’t like working through my weekends.”

Her eyes widened in surprise, and the motion of her finger stopped. “You’re serious?”

“Unfortunately, yes,” Ian said.

Tam pushed down her skirts and got up off the sofa. She settled the straps of the dress back on her shoulders and went into the kitchen to gather up her picnic supplies. From the dim light of the candles still flickering on the table, Ian watched the almost meditative way she moved around his kitchen until she had all her things in the picnic basket and was ready to leave.

“Thank you for a lovely dinner,” she said. “And an even more…tasty dessert than I had planned.” She stood in the threshold of his kitchen, basket held in front of her, boldly appraising him again. “I’m disappointed you didn’t take me up on my offer, but I guess there’s always the next time.”

“I hope so.” He really, really hoped so.

Ian wasn’t sure what he had been gambling on when he had pulled his dick away from Tam’s mouth, but he hoped it would pay off. Soon.

He walked her to her car, where they exchanged a laughably chaste goodnight kiss. It was early, not quite ten thirty. Yolanda, his neighbor on the other side of the duplex, hadn’t even left for work yet. She worked at a classy strip joint, what they called a “gentlemen’s club,” in town. Yolanda’s Saab convertible still sat in the driveway under its logoed tarp.

“Call me sometime,” Tam said. “Maybe we can do that public dining thing you talked about.”

“Definitely.”

He stepped back as she pulled out of his driveway and, after giving him an awkward little wave, drove off down the well-lit street.





Chapter 7




The basketball banged against the backboard and rattled the chains of the outdoor basket before Ian grabbed it out of the air and quickly dribbled it down the court.

“So what, or who, did you stand us up for last night?” one of his friends, Rashawn, asked, his breath coming loud and fast as he tried to get the ball from Ian.

Troy, skinny and fast, came out of nowhere and took the ball with a yell of triumph. “Did that dime next door finally let you hit that?”

Ian and his friends battled each other in a good-natured game. The four men laughingly overtook each other, tossing the ball back and forth and occasionally making a basket while they talked shit. None of them took the game very seriously. They played to work out and unwind. And the effects of their weekly game and nearly daily workouts—strong physiques, easygoing temperaments, and effortless athleticism—were obvious in each man.

Troy, the investment banker and the only married man among them, loved to hear about his friends’ single, and sometimes scandalous, lifestyles. He’d willingly given up his own bachelorhood nearly three years ago to a little sous chef at a local four-star restaurant. He was too happy to even contemplate cheating, still, he liked to hear about his boys and their seemingly endless parade of pussy.

“What did I tell you fellas about neighbors?” Ian asked. He laughed, sweeping the ball from Derrick’s hands and darting behind him to run for the basket. He took the shot and missed. “Shit!”

“Exactly. Don’t shit where you eat. Common sense.” Derrick threw himself after the ball heading dangerously out of bounds, easily fending off the two men on the opposite team. “But that woman is a fine, fine thing.”

Derrick was a lawyer and one of the first people Ian met when he moved to Miami two years ago. Compulsively successful and ruthless in the courtroom, he was a nice guy everywhere else. Mostly. Only Ian knew he was stupidly in love with his best friend, a woman he’d known since college. That didn’t stop Derrick from sleeping with some of the most beautiful women in Miami though.

Dribbling the ball with one wide hand, Derrick ran down the court, bare torso gleaming with sweat, the rivulets running down his slim but muscled back to dampen his dark blue shorts. He threw the ball toward Rashawn, who ran with it toward the basket and scored.

Troy caught the ball as it fell out of the net, dribbled, and then shot it toward Ian. “Just please tell me you got some footage if you did go there,” he said.

His friends laughed.

“You know Ian is not going to play some girl like that. Unless, of course, she wants to play like that,” Rashawn said, intercepting the pass and then darting toward his basket. Ian blocked him, stole the ball, and, for the first time that night, made a basket.

“About time,” Ian said.

“So when are you going to tell us, professor? Don’t keep us hangin’.”

“It wasn’t much,” Ian said. “A friend came over unexpectedly and—”

“I knew it. Pay up, Shawn.” Derrick laughed, his white teeth flashing. “I told you it was a woman.”

Ian threw the ball at Derrick, who laughed again, caught it, and tossed it up to easily make a basket. “Thanks, man.”

“So, was it good?” Derrick asked.

“Oh, yes.” Ian felt right saying at least that much.

Troy caught the ball on its rebound from the basket and slowly dribbled it backward toward the opposite basket. “Yeah?”

“Oh, yeah. Maybe one day we can do that double date thing with you and Tania,” Ian said to him and then turned to his single friends. “You fellas need to find some respectable women before you can come. Strippers you get from the club don’t really count as dates.”

“Fuck you,” Rashawn said and stole the ball from Troy.

They all knew about Ian’s wife. It was a sad story he’d told one night three years ago when he was too drunk to know any better.

“I still think you should hook up with that fine ass next door,” Rashawn said. “Regular pussy just a doorbell away.”

Derrick made a rude noise. “Yeah, another stalker just a doorbell away.”

“You got that right,” Ian said.

Although attractive men were scattered everywhere like sand, when Ian first arrived in Miami, the women flocked to him like he was the only one. The first woman he’d slept with here turned out to be a stalker, showing up at Ian’s favorite bar every day, even following him home to beg for another date. Ian didn’t give her any hints to get. He straight up told her he was interested in her only for the sex and maybe a drink outside of that. She hadn’t appreciated his honesty. He ended up paying almost five hundred dollars to get his keyed Honda Accord repainted. That psycho hadn’t been the last.

“Since you’re so obsessed with Ian’s neighbor, Shawn, why don’t you try to get up in that?”

Rashawn sucked his teeth at Derrick. “Right. Like I know where that pussy’s been. Half the damn strippers I know suck dick on the side. The rest of them turn up their assholes for a gold chain and a free meal.”

Ian laughed. “You would definitely be in a position to know.”

They had all been there when Rashawn went through his hyper-sexed phase and blew an indecent amount of money on strippers and porn. His friends had all laughed at him before finally staging a minor intervention that set him straight and gave him a different perspective on things. These days he was mostly celibate, with the occasional girlfriend who invariably ended up looking like a hooker straight out of Pretty Woman, the X-rated version.

Rashawn sucked his teeth again. “Fuck off.”

“Come on, fellas.” Troy laughed and palmed the ball. “Like me, this game is tired. Let’s grab some beers.”

And that was the end of that.



“He doesn’t have office hours right now.”

Ian looked up from the sheaf of papers on his desk at the sound the secretary’s voice just outside the door.

“It’s OK, I’m not a student. This is a personal visit.”

“Oh, in that case—” Before Ella could finish the sentence, Tam knocked on Ian’s half-open door and walked in.

Ian leaned back in his chair.

She smiled at him, all mischief and seductive beauty. “Surprise. Again.”

He hadn’t seen her in almost four days. The night after their “movie date,” he called the number she’d scribbled on his refrigerator and left a message. Instead of returning his call, she’d now showed up at his office.

“Busy?” she asked, coming deeper into the office and closing the door behind her.

“Not too much to talk to you.”

“That’s very gallant of you to say.”

“I’m sure you’re used to men being gallant and chivalrous as well as everything else just for you. Even the assholes.”

“Unfortunately that’s not quite true.” She sat down in the chair across from his desk, looking very much like one of his students in her tight blue T-shirt and a skirt that fell away from her knees as she crossed her legs. “So, what are you up to?”

“Not too much. Looking at my mid-semester student evaluations.”

“I thought profs only gave those out at the end of the semester.”

“I don’t see any point in doing it then. The students are in the class now. If I can make their learning experience better while I still have them as students, then our time together will be more productive.”

Tam nodded. “That makes sense.” She tilted her head to the side in that appraising look he was coming to know very well.

Ian pushed aside the evaluations to give her his full attention. She looked fresh today, a lovely blend of innocent womanhood and coy coed. Funny how that never seemed appealing in the dozens of younger girls who’d sat in that same chair in the past.

“I could get used to these visits of yours,” he said.

“Don’t.” Tam smiled as she said it. “I like the surprise of you. Of us.”

His eyebrow lifted. “I didn’t know there was an us.”

“Mm hmmm. And isn’t it a nice surprise, like flowers on a non-special day or sex in the afternoon?”

“Absolutely,” Ian said. He was more than happy to play along.

Her nipples were hard under the tiny shirt, and he was trying not to stare. Then he shrugged and let his eyes drink their fill. If she hadn’t wanted him to look, she wouldn’t have worn the shirt. Tam must have known that her breasts were like succulent little plums peaking under the blue material, just begging for a brush of his hands. He remembered how sensitive her nipples were, how she hissed from the barest touch of them, how she couldn’t seem to come without him sucking or playing with them. Ian shifted in his chair.

“So, when are you going to be finished?” she asked.

“It’s hard to say. I have office hours beginning at two.” It was almost one thirty. “Do you have anything particular in mind?”

“No. I just wanted to enjoy your company for a few minutes before heading back home to do some work.” Tam uncrossed her legs. “And I do, you know. Enjoy your company.” She stood up and walked around the desk to where he sat. Her scent, that same green tea and rosemary blend, teased his nose as she stepped closer. Tam sat down on his desk, clearing a path for her bottom with a careless sweep of a hand behind her. Papers fluttered as they slid over the desk’s surface and then fell to the floor. Her breasts settled close to his mouth. She looked down at him, bracing her sandaled feet on the arms of his chair. “Do you enjoy my company?”

“Very much.”

She wasn’t wearing any underwear. The intimate smell of her pussy, wet and in need of attention, brought him instantly up and hard, nearly bursting out of his pants. Of course, Tam noticed. She didn’t miss much. With a curling, catlike smile, she leaned closer and braced her hands on his shoulders.

“I was hoping you’d have time for me this afternoon,” she murmured.

Ian groaned. He could see where this was going. This was to pay him back for the other night when he didn’t fuck her like she wanted. As much as the idea of those kinds of games usually turned him off, he was more than ready to play this one. He wanted to be available for her. But he had at least two students signed up to see him this afternoon, and the last thing he wanted to do was have one of them walk in on him having sex with Jasmine’s mother.

“Why don’t you come by my place tonight?” he asked, pitching his voice low. “We’ll have the evening all to ourselves, and I can fuck you for as long as you can stand it.”

She actually pouted, and he laughed. Her face flexed, and she looked…hurt. Tam pushed away from him and stood up, putting away her gorgeous pussy.

“I don’t think so.” She walked to the door. “Since you don’t have time for me now, I’m going to leave. Don’t call me.”

Ian watched her close the door quietly behind her.

He spent a few seconds trying to figure out what had just happened before he jumped to his feet, cursing.

His secretary looked up as he burst into the little reception area, her eyebrow rising to her hairline.

“Where did that woman go?” he asked.

She pointed to the stairs leading down and out of the building. Ian flew after Tam, banging open the door leading to the stairs. His Converse slapped against the steps as he raced to find her. He saw the flash of dark blue and the lighter blue of her skirt.

“Tam!”

She stopped on the flight of stairs below him and looked up. “What do you want?”

“I want to talk to you.” Ian slowed down but kept walking steadily toward her.

“What about?” Her hand landed on the railing, holding lightly to it as her foot hovered above the next step.

“Your childishness.” He stopped on the stair above her.

She turned fully to face him. “You laughed at me.”

“No, I didn’t. I laughed at the situation, not at you.”

“I was the situation,” she said petulantly but turned into him only to smile at his exasperated expression. “Jasmine ran me out of the house today. She said I was being hormonal.”

“Are you?”

“Hell, yes.”

He chuckled.

“So, what are you going to do about it?” She trailed her fingers up the smooth metal railing until they lay next to his. Quicksilver-fast mood swings. That was one thing he’d forgotten about being with a woman for longer than a few sex-filled nights.

Ian brushed his hand over her hair and down her long neck to the warm, slight weight of her shoulders. “What do you think?”

She smiled and took the last step to push them together. Desire slammed between them and ignited like nitro. Her mouth devoured his, opened wide and hungry. Tam gripped his shirt and popped one button and then two. Her fingernails scraped down his chest, bringing up goose bumps and his dick, hard and harder against her belly.

“Fuck!”

Her hands dived to his pants, quickly freeing his dick. She held him between her hot palms and dropped quickly to her knees.

“No.” He pulled her back up and against his chest. “I don’t want that. Not now. Not here.”

Her look was questioning, but when he pushed her backward and turned her belly against the railing, a pleased sound vibrated in her throat. He kissed her from behind, tangling their tongues together as her head turned over her shoulder, her neck twisting back. Tam tilted up her bottom, weeping “yes” from her every pore. And Ian was pushing up her skirt, ripping her panties out of the way, and then sinking into her gratifyingly wet pussy.

They both groaned. The lust and want rose up in Ian like a tsunami until he had no control over his body and certainly not his mind. They froze for a moment like that, pleasure so intense immobilizing them on that railing, in that stairwell, breaths rubbing raw against each other. Then Tam arched her back and grunted, pushing back against Ian.

He sighed and eased even more deeply inside her comforting warmth. As he moved faster, the comfort burned away and the heat became consuming and they were back to frantic speed again, gasping and groaning in the narrow stairwell, their noises echoing back at them, the sweat soaking their clothes. Tam reached back and up to stroke his face. The simple pressure of her fingertips against his cheeks stoked Ian’s fire even higher. Her pinkie dipped into the parted hollow of his mouth, sliding against his tongue as he fucked her.

Ian heard foreign noises, the door upstairs banging open, and then voices. It only made him grasp her tighter, fuck her harder. The voices came lower, and then another door banged open as the intruders disappeared onto a higher floor. Some part of him was relieved. He didn’t want anyone to find him like this, his pants hitched under his ass, his dick buried to the hilt in the hottest woman he’d ever known. But part of him didn’t care. It just wanted to feel. It wanted to feel her.

He reached around for her swollen, pulsing clit and took it between his fingers, stroking her hard just the way she liked it when she was close to coming. Her mouth opened, and she cried out, gasping with each thrust, her glorious loudness music to his ears as she lost her control to him, flinging her pussy back against him as she held on tight to the railing with one hand and guided his fingers on her clit with the other.

“Fuck. Yes. Fuck. Yes.” He was nothing and everything inside her, incinerated and coming and exploding and dying all at once.

She came around him, screaming into the palm of his hand. Tam bit him, and Ian groaned. The pain sent more shock waves rolling through him, and his hips jerked against her ass. Another set of voices flowed down the stairs, this time definitely heading toward them. Ian hurriedly tugged up his pants and put his dick away. Tam groaned and staggered off the railing to tuck down her skirt and wipe her hands across her sweaty face.

“Come.” Ian tugged her out of the stairwell and into the bright sunlight. The door closed behind them, locking them out of the building.

Her breathing wasn’t quite under control when the two students came through that same door only moments later, but by that time she and Ian were far up the path, heading to the front door of the Humanities building.

“Well,” Tam said. “That was interesting.”

“Very.”

They walked silently to the parking lot toward the conspicuous blue of her car, with its gleaming chrome wheels and a giant wrapped and tied rectangular something, a painting, Ian assumed, sticking up from the backseat and beyond the lowered convertible roof.

“Listen,” he said. “I want to give you something.” He reached into his back pocket for the piece of paper in his wallet he’d been carrying around for the better part of a week. “I wanted to give you this in case we got even more…involved.”

“Yeah, I think today counts as more involved.”

It wasn’t that she had come to see him at school, or even that she’d been emotional with a man she had no intention of making her boyfriend. It was simply that they’d fucked, hard and hot and well. And recklessly without a condom.

“I’m clean,” he said, handing her the piece of paper, his STD test results.

She blushed and wrapped her arms around herself. “Thanks.” Tam cleared her throat and looked down. “I guess that was really careless of me, to let things go that far and not know… Shit.” She looked up at him. “I’m clean, too, Ian. That I can promise you. So that you don’t have to trust what I say, I’ll bring my paperwork to you later. OK?”

He smiled at her, feeling a sudden tenderness for her well up inside. “OK.”

She cleared her throat again. “I think you better go now. You’ll be late for your meetings.”

“Fuck.” He looked up and around toward the gigantic campus clock that was visible from most places on campus. A few minutes after two. “Yes.” He backed away from her. “I’ll call you after my meetings are over. Can you come see me tonight?”

She nodded, still wrapped in the protection of her arms. “Yes.”

“Good. Talk to you later then.” Then he was jogging back toward his office, his skin still hot and smelling like her.





Chapter 8




“I just got into an accident,” Tam said as soon as Ian answered his phone. “Can I meet you at your house later?”

Ian froze. “Where are you? Do you need a ride home? Are you hurt?”

“No, no. I’m fine.” Her voice was firm, if a little preoccupied. “Let me just finish dealing with these cops, and I’ll call you when I’m on my way.” She hung up before he could ask any more questions.

It was just after four o’clock. If she was caught in an accident now, it might be until well after six before she escaped from the traffic. He thought briefly about calling Derrick and asking his friend to use his connections in the police department to find Tam’s location. But that would be a little bit too much, to show up at the scene of her accident trying to be her knight in shining armor when she didn’t even want to be see in public with him.

At home Ian had a Scotch and soda dinner and then sat down to watch TV. But not even his favorite porn channel with its constant parade of uninhibited women could take his mind off Tam and what she could be going through right now. When the doorbell rang a few minutes after eight o’clock, he catapulted off the couch.

“Hey,” Tam greeted him with a forlorn look and an unsuccessful attempt at a smile.

“Hey.”

They stared quietly at each other for a moment, then Ian looked beyond her to the car sitting in his drive. It was obviously drivable. The convertible top was up and intact, but the front end of the MINI wasn’t. The front grille with the MINI Cooper insignia and license plate was crushed in about three inches, and one of the front lights winked with bits of broken glass. But the car was otherwise fine. It dripped wet on the driveway’s concrete.

“I just took it through a drive-through car wash. I thought it would look better.” She sighed. “Take me inside. I don’t want to see it anymore.”

Ian opened the door for her to step inside. Tam headed straight for the bedroom, dropping her clothes—sandals, handbag, skirt, blouse—on the floor as she went. Without a word, she climbed into the bed under the covers.

She curled into herself and stared at him. “I wasn’t paying attention.”

Ian sat on the bed beside her, then, at Tam’s wordless invitation, got in under the covers with her.

“I wasn’t paying attention,” she said again. “After I left the gallery I went home to get my STD test results.” She put a cool hand against his chest. “I knew better than to call you and drive at the same time, but that didn’t stop me from doing it. I was halfway through dialing your number when I felt the car jerk and I heard that fucking loud noise. Shit.” She bowed her head. He touched the delicate curve of her neck and stroked the fine hairs he found there.

“Sorry, Tam.”

“I should have fucking known better,” she hissed into his chest.

“It’s all right, baby. We can fix it.”

She sniffled and then sank deeper into the bed.

“We can fix it.” He continued stroking Tam’s neck, calming her until the sound of her deep, even breathing hovered in the room and she fell asleep.



He was in heaven. A hot, humid heaven that smelled like mouthwash and rosemary shampoo and Tamarind. His body felt awash in sensations, liquid heat dancing through his veins, the cool AC humming across his bare chest, and his dick swallowed by someone who knew exactly what she was doing. Ian groaned and arched himself deeper into Tam’s wet mouth. The same mouth that had tugged him from a dream of zooming across the beach in an intact MINI Cooper with a smiling woman by his side.

In the dream he had looked down in consternation as his dick rose up between him and Tam in the car, tenting under his loose, linen pants. Then she was reaching for him, not paying the slightest attention to the sandy road ahead. Her mouth tugged him from that dream, and he opened his own mouth to say something and groaned instead. She swallowed him up in sweetness, sliding him ferociously against the back of her throat, in the hot tundra of her mouth, until his body was a hot, hard, yearning instrument with only one explosive purpose.

Her head nodded over him, telling him yes, it was all right, as her fingers caressed his tightening balls. He watched the length of his thickly veined dick impossibly appear and disappear at the gateway of her mouth. Then he couldn’t watch her anymore because his head fell back and his whole world was going up in flames behind his tightly closed eyelids.

When the planet rearranged itself, he opened his eyes to her straddling his belly, her damp pussy a hot exclamation mark against his skin.

“Morning,” she said with a satisfied smile.

“Is it?”

“Yeah, it’s a bit past six.” Her face swam in pleasure as she rubbed her pussy against the hard muscles of his belly.

She shifted over his skin again, and he watched as she pleasured herself, using his body like an oversized dildo.

“Let me help you with that,” he said and then pulled her up until she was crouched above his face and her shaved pussy was open to his seeking mouth.

Damn, she was wet…

At the first touch of his tongue, she shuddered.

Her hands grasped the headboard, her fingers fitting neatly around the dark cherry bars as she settled herself more comfortably on his face. Heavenly. She was heavenly. The soft weight of her thighs caressed his cheeks, pointing up to the wet center of her that at this very moment claimed all his attentions. Tam smelled like sleep and wonderful awakening. The deep pink of her pussy captivated and aroused, making his mouth salivate for another taste.

He licked her again, and she hummed. The soft licks became greedy slurps, and he fit his mouth on her—like she was made just for him—sucking and licking her creamy pussy while she danced on his mouth. Her breasts bounced and trembled with each snakelike undulation of her body. He reached up to grasp her nipples and breasts, gradually tightening the pincers of his fingers until she moved faster, her slow belly dance giving way to the hectic salsa and sweat-fueled merengue, and she threw her head back, breathing heavily, gasping, both hands holding on to her head as if she was afraid it would fly off.

“Ia—” His name broke off with a wailing groan and then another. He held her hips as she came, even when she pitched sideways to the pillows next to him, her hips still jerking as his mouth lightly soothed her clit.

“No, stop…” She moaned. “Too much.” Her trembling hand pushed him away.

He released her, pulled her down and over to him, watching her soft, sweating face as she wiped a limp hand over her eyes and forehead.

“Damn,” she breathed. “You give amazing head.”

“It is one of my many skills.”

She opened an eye, probably to check to see if he was joking, then laughed at whatever she saw on his face. Tam closed her eyes again. “That was so lovely.”

“I could say the same to you,” Ian said. “That mouth of yours should be insured.”

“We’re quite a pair. Maybe we should go into business together?”

“That’s all right. I like my current job, thanks. And I suspect that you like yours too much to give it up for a 9-to-5 sucking dick and taking home your pay in cash.” Ian considered it. “Your mouth would get rubbed raw and tired, wouldn’t it?”

“For you, I can go all night,” she murmured, watching him for some response as she echoed the words he’d once said to her.

Ian smiled and brushed his thumb over her damp and reddened bottom lip. “I might give you a chance to prove that statement.”

“Anytime.”

Now was as good of an “anytime” as any. But five seconds after the thought floated through Ian’s mind, he dismissed it. He didn’t want her to suck his dick all morning, he wanted to make love to her. Although, she wasn’t really into that. Fucking was all she was in this for.

“I have a better idea of something you could do with your mouth.” He nuzzled her throat and the hot space between her collarbones. “Tell me what you want me to do for you. Tell me, what’s your pleasure?”

She laughed as he nibbled on her shoulders. “You’re off to a pretty good start.” The laughter became a groan when he licked her breasts, teasing the stiffened nipples with his tongue and teeth. Tam sighed and moved restlessly against the sheets.

“So, tell me what you want.”

“I want.” She sighed again and arched her breasts against his mouth, grabbing his head to hold him to her. “I want this.”

“Be more specific.” He spoke around the swell of a nipple. “Tell me everything you want. Everything.”

“I…I want you to lick my nipples hard, just like you’re doing now…and I want your fingers in my cunt. I want you to fuck me with your fingers. You’re really good at that.” She squirmed against his fingers. “Yes, just like that…only my clit, yes…” Tam sighed again. “You’re so damn good.”

Preoccupied with her breasts and clit, Ian only heard the smile in her voice.

He caressed the soft, slippery bud between his fingers, teasing it gently and then slowly building the pressure until her breathing came erratically and she was pressing her thighs open wider for him.

“Put your fingers inside. Yes…yes. Just like—Ian, yes…” She made a wordless noise, thrusting her hips faster until the bed was singing with her movements.

Ian shivered with arousal, his dick a hard weight grinding against her thigh and leaving wet trails of pre-cum. His hand ached, but still he fucked her, fucking her greedy pussy and stroking her clit.

“Fuck me, please don’t stop that…please!” Her back arched abruptly from the bed, and her arm flung out. “Ian!”

Her pussy seized rhythmically around his fingers, and her juices poured out. He kept moving, rubbing his dick against her thigh, pumping his fingers inside her. She twitched, gasping.

“I came,” she announced between gasping breaths.

He moved down her body. “Are you sure?”

“Yes, I’m sure—oh!” She lost her breath and arched up, caught unawares by his mouth on her pussy.

Ian chuckled. With a low sigh, he dove into the loamy wet of her, delving his tongue into her pink heat, licking and sucking the slick pussy lips that fanned out like taffy. Tam was the sweetest woman he’d ever tasted. He could eat her pussy all day and never be full. She arched against his mouth.

“I want to see your face,” she murmured. “I want to watch while you fuck me.”

He needed no other invitation but that. Her pussy welcomed him, opening up and swallowing his entire length. Then he was the one gasping. He plunged deeply inside her, the pleasure building even higher with her eyes on his face. Ian groaned, and he lost control of his hips, sinking into her again and again. He burst inside her.

“Oh, God, Tam…Tam.”

He must have blanked out for a moment. The next thing he knew, Tam was gently rolling him off her and then snuggling against his chest. She sighed, all quiet and soft like she’d just discovered something wonderful and was still taking time to sort it all out.

Tam was a puzzle. Not quite the mysterious and hard woman he’d taken her for in the beginning, but not exactly the accommodating, ever-sexed creature in his dreams either. She lay in his arms, a kitten with her claws firmly sheathed, practically purring in his bed and cuddling up to him. He could get used to this.

“Who is that in the picture?” She wriggled her bottom against him as she pointed to an old photo of Zoë. It was the one of her in front of the dojo where she had taught tai chi and practiced capoeira. Zoë was smiling, looking shy as she half turned away from Ian’s camera, peeking at him through her hair.

“My wife.” Tam stiffened in his arms. Before she could say anything, Ian touched her gently on the shoulder. “She died almost five years ago.”

“Oh. I’m sorry. I had no idea.”

“Why would you?”

She looked at him. They hadn’t shared very much with each other beyond their bodies and some test results. So far, all he knew about her was that she loved to paint and was good enough at it not to have to make money doing anything else. He knew how she liked to fuck, how she sounded when she came, but those were things strangers could know, too.

“Do you miss her?”

“Sometimes. Less and less these days.” He left her to interpret that any way she liked. Ian glanced at the clock. “I have to get ready for work. You want to shower with me?”

“No, go ahead. I’ll be here when you get back.”

He took his time in the shower, massaging the water into his sore muscles and over the scratches she’d left along his back, shoulders, and arms. She had been more uninhibited this morning than she’d ever been, not that he had much of a basis for comparison. But Tam had been loud, clinging to him and then flinging him from her with a wildness he hadn’t experienced with her before. He knew she had bruises, too. Ian walked into the bedroom, drying himself. She was exactly where he had left her, lying on her stomach in the bed. Her head turned to watch him.

With quick, efficient movements, Ian rubbed the last of the moisture from his body and then put on boxers, socks, and jeans.

“You’re a gorgeous man,” she said.

This was the first time she’d called him a man and not a boy. “You mentioned that when we first got together. Does it bother you?” He turned, shirtless, to her.

She smiled. “Not anymore.”

He looked at her, at her legs swaying to and fro in the bed, her back lovely and bare in the late morning light. “That’s not usually something that makes most women uneasy.”

“I’m not most women.”

“True, that.” He pulled a long-sleeved shirt from the closet.

“That color looks really good on you.” She turned over, and the sheet fell from her, showing off her beautiful throat and breasts. “Red doesn’t look good on every man.”

“I’m not most men.”

They both chuckled. Tam seemed especially comfortable and in no mood to leave the cozy confines of his bed. It was easy to imagine staying in bed with her all day, fucking and talking and fucking some more. But he had students, and they paid tuition so he could come to class and pass on his pearls of wisdom, even if they had been scattered beyond recovery by Tam and her mind-blowing…everything.

Ian put on his loafers and then took a few quick passes over his hair with the brush. When he walked near the bed, her eyes, lit with a soft, appreciative light he could definitely learn to get used to, followed him.

He opened the drawer to the bedside stand and took out his spare keys. “Take these, and let yourself out whenever you’re ready.” After giving Tam the alarm code, Ian leaned down and kissed her forehead and then her slightly open mouth. She tasted like sleep and cum. “I’ll talk with you later.”



For most of the day, his mind was back at home with her in bed. All the while he was talking about Dorothy West and Angelina Weld Grimké, he was inside Tam, fucking into her from behind as she urged him on with her hoarse shouts and held on to the bars of the headboard, their breaths sounding harsh and loud in the air. While his students dissected the lyrics to the music of the Harlem Renaissance, he heard the symphony of their voices from this morning, Tam’s husky voice telling him to fuck her and make her come and eat her pussy and go deeper and don’t fucking stop!

Ian taught most of the class from behind the shield of his desk, only rising once near the end of class to write the next homework assignment on the board. By then the throbbing size of his dick had subsided enough for it to be not quite so obvious. He used his hour break between classes to call her.

“Where are you?” he asked. Ian wanted to fuck. He wanted to fuck her.

“Nowhere near you.” She laughed at the need in his voice. “When are you done?”

“Not until after seven. Maybe even eight. I have a meeting.”

“Call me when you’re finished. Maybe I can meet you somewhere.”

“Sounds good.”

Ian tucked away his cell phone.

Get ahold of yourself. This woman is not feeling you like that. Chill.

But neither his dick nor heart was paying attention.



When Ian walked into his office at half past five, his secretary covered the mouthpiece of the phone. “I have good news for you,” she said. “Your meeting for tonight got canceled.”

“How did you know that’s good news for me?” he asked, not bothering to hide his smile.

“Just a hunch.” She laughed and went back to her phone call.

During his lunch break, Ian had read the local independent paper and was surprised to find a nearby gallery with a list of familiar area artists showing through the end of the month. Tamarind Hannah’s name was on the list. The gallery, Epoch, wasn’t far from his house, so Ian decided to make a quick stop by there on the way to his favorite Thai restaurant to pick up dinner for him and Tam.

Although it was relatively late in the evening for galleries on this side of town to be open, there were still a fair amount of cars in Epoch’s parking lot. All of them high-end rides, including a tricked-out Corvette and a silver Bentley. Ian pulled his Honda Accord into the lot, feeling more than a little poor. Tam’s accident-ravaged MINI was nowhere in sight.

He got out of his car to walk across the street to Epoch, waiting by the parking meter on the curb to let the last of the evening traffic pass. Epoch’s building was elegant and stood out nicely from its neighbors with its glass and steel facade and the exotically colored orchids lining the bottom of the glass walls like scented sentries, their heads bowing gracefully toward anyone passing by. From the street, he could see that there were more than a few people inside, all staring round-eyed at the art around them.

As he was getting ready to cross the street, a familiar flash of blue and then brown caught his eye. The elements coalesced into Tam, lovely and springtime in a flowing blue skirt and a white halter top that clung to her. Ian smiled. He lost the smile when she touched an unfamiliar man. She smiled up into his face and slipped a hand in his. The man bent his head to kiss her, and Tam turned away coyly, her eyes looking down and away in a way Ian had never seen. The stranger drew her face to his with one fingertip under her chin and then kissed her hard on the mouth.

A car honked its horn and screeched on its brakes, jolting Ian from his near sleepwalk into the street.

“Sorry, man,” he said to the driver and held up an apologetic hand. “Sorry.” He walked back to his car and sat behind the wheel.

That wasn’t right, whatever he just saw. His eyes were playing tricks on him. Ian made to get out of the car again and then stopped himself. Cool it. Drive. Go home. He started the car, pulling out carefully into the street and turning the opposite way from home, just so he wouldn’t have to drive past the gallery.

He passed the restaurant where he was supposed to get their dinner. Nothing special, just some salad, sweet tofu bites, and fruits she liked—small things made especially for lovers so they wouldn’t be too full to have sex and then eat and have sex again. Now the sight of the restaurant’s red door made him feel sick. And angry.

Ian wanted to call her, wanted to curse and drink a tall glass of Scotch and shake her and ask her what the fuck was going on. But he didn’t like to drink on a school night, and he’d never shaken a woman in his life. His eyes felt gritty and dry like the sand off the beach had blown up to blind him or make him see things that weren’t there. Like her faithfulness or what he thought was her growing infatuation with him. Why the hell was she in another man’s arms when he was making plans to romance and woo her? Why was he the fool?

He drove back to the gallery. By the time he pulled back into the space he’d vacated before, most of the cars were gone. Only one, a sleek, two-door Bentley, remained in its spot. He locked the car and walked to the front doors of the gallery. The lights had dimmed, but he tried the door anyway. It was open. A melodious, electronic chime sounded as he walked inside.

Tam appeared from a hidden back room. “I’m sorry, we’re—” Her words fell away when she saw him.

“Where’s your car?” he asked.

She shook her head as if to clear it of an illusion. Of him. “It’s in the shop. The one you saw outside is a loaner.”

A loaner Bentley. Impressive. Her new man (or was he an old one?) must be rolling in the dough.

“I didn’t know you worked here,” he said.

“I don’t. Epoch belongs to a friend of mine. I’m minding the store until she gets back to town.”

He nodded but didn’t say anything, merely watched her as she walked to the front door to lock it but not before peering into the street, first in one direction and then another.

“Expecting someone?”

“No, just checking for customers.”

“I thought this place was closed.”

“It is.”

She turned to face him. “How did you find me here?”

“By accident,” Ian said. “I was heading to Bangkok House when I stopped by to check out some of your work. The paper said you and a few other artists had work showing here.”

“Oh.”

“Why did you ask me how I found you?” He raised an eyebrow. “Did you think I was stalking you? Or that I found out something you didn’t want me to know?”

She crossed her arms over her chest and stared at him, but her look didn’t affect him like before. The cracks in her facade were laughably apparent, especially from this distance.

“Like what?”

“Don’t be coy, Tam. Like your other lover. The guy whose dick I saw you practically sucking in front of everybody in this damn gallery two hours ago. I didn’t know you had another toy on the side.” He circled her, coming gradually closer. Her arms shifted over her chest, but otherwise she didn’t move. Her expressionless face made his anger flare even higher.

“So this guy I saw you with, what’s his name?”

“Garrett.” She sighed and half-turned away from him. “His name is Garrett.”

Ian nodded as though giving thoughtful consideration to the name of the guy she’d been fucking the whole time they were together.

“Is he the ‘friend’ who owns the property you took me to that first time?”

Her cheeks darkened, but she didn’t drop her gaze. “Ian, don’t make a big deal—”

“Is he?”

She sighed again. “Yes.”

“Was he watching us have sex the whole time? Did it turn him on to know that my dick was inside your pussy, the same pussy he was going to be drinking from later that day?”

She flinched. “No. I’m not sure what he saw, but…but I really do feel for you, Ian.”

“Feel what? Feel your pussy get wet every time you see me? I already know that. And you and I both know that’s nothing special.”

She had the nerve to look hurt.

“Don’t goddamn get that look on your face.” The look pierced him and made him regret his hard words, but she was just playing him. Again. Ian moved toward her anyway, touching her face and bringing her close.

“Shit.” She kissed him. “Shit.”

He tasted tears in her open mouth. She held his cheeks tight between her flattened palms.

“I’m sorry,” she said between their kisses. “I am. I’m sorry.”

What the fuck did that mean? That she was sorry he found out and put an end to her playtime? Ian tried to pull gently away, but she slipped her hands behind his head and held him close. Her teeth scraped against his closed lips, nibbling, biting, hurting.

He wrenched himself away. “Stop it.”

She came toward him again, and he had to grab her shoulders to hold her back. “Stop fucking with me, Tam. I think you’ve had your fun. We’re finished.”

She wriggled and flailed in his grip.

“Isn’t that what you wanted?” he asked. “Isn’t this what all your advance-and-retreat bullshit was about? You wanted to fuck me but not get too involved? Well, you’ve already had your fuck, and I’m leaving. All you had to say was ‘it’s over.’ What’s so fucking hard about that?”

“This is not over,” she hissed.

“Just because you say so?” He laughed. “You’re a fucking—”

She twisted from his grip and spun close, slamming into his chest. “You know it’s not over between us, Ian. You know it.” She pressed her hand against his chest. “This doesn’t lie. Neither does this.” Her other hand on his dick froze him. It wasn’t her boldness that held him immobile. No, it was because his dick, like an obedient dog, rose on command for her, stiffening behind the thin cotton of his slacks and pushing back against her hand. Ian swallowed.

“Stop it,” he hissed again.

But she didn’t stop. Instead, she stepped closer, pushing at him, assaulting his senses with her body’s perfume and the intoxicating pressure of her hand against his dick. Her touch grew more certain the longer he stood there, unmoving. He could never say no to her. And a part of him asked now, why should he have to? She pressed back at him until his back was to the wall and his dick was throbbing just for her and his heart was a jackhammer in his chest. Did she even realize how far gone he was?

Ian grasped her shoulders again to hold her back from him. Her eyes were certain of his surrender, on her terms. Fuck that. Ian leaned in and kissed her like this was the last time he was ever going to taste her lips. He devoured their pouty curve, their damp insides, and sucked hard on the tongue that flickered and writhed against his. She moaned and pressed her body to him. They were in a duel of wills, each wanting to dominate the other, each expressing it in the same way, but Ian was fueled by anger and lust and frustration.

He lifted her, draped her pliant body over one of the exhibition pieces, a hip-high wooden carving with a dipped curve that fit her back perfectly. It was just long enough to fit her hips and back while her head dangled over the edge. She lay on it, trying to find purchase with her hands, but the wood was too smooth and her body was just beginning to sweat. He tore away her skirt and underwear, leaving her lower body completely exposed and her bare, damp pussy gleaming in the gallery lights. With one quick movement of his hand, her camisole was on the floor. The dark tips of her breasts jumped with each quick breath.

Tam fumbled for Ian’s belt, but he pushed her and her hands back, still kissing her mouth, her chin, her jawline, biting her smooth skin until she flinched with pain and pleasure, her body floating up and down with each touch of his teeth. He combed his fingers through her pussy lips, coating them with her slickness. This was going to be the last time for them. This was it. His chest tightened, and his heart raced faster. Ian slid his fingers against her clit, massaging her pussy until she gasped and moaned, a surging symphony of sex that reminded him too much of this morning’s pleasure. He tasted her with his fingers and found she was wet inside, drenched and ready for him.

Tam surged up again, still trying for his belt and his stiff cock that begged shamelessly for her touch. Ian pushed her back but didn’t stop there. She obviously wanted something. He was going to give it to her. The belt left their loops with an audible slide. He loosened the top button of his pants and pulled down the zipper but that was all. When Tam reared up again, he captured her hands in the noose of his belt, pulling the leather through the buckle until her wrists were snared together. He fit his hips into the V of her thighs.

“What—what are you—uh!”

He surged into her. She fit around him like hot, molten molasses, thick and engulfing, swallowing up all his senses. This time he wasn’t worried about the buildup, he wasn’t worried about her orgasm, only that she felt his need, all his desperation for her that had come to nothing.

“What does he do for you that I can’t?” He fucked her. “Is it the money? Is it that overpriced car? Or is it the way he treats you like shit because you always come back for his scraps?”

He fucked her hard against the sculpture. Her body slid back and forth across the smooth surface, but only as far as his pounding hips and the tightened belt held in his fisted hand would allow. Her body was an erotic arc of leaping breasts, liquid cunt, and heaving belly. A Venus hewn in onyx and stretched to its very limits under the gallery’s soft lights.

His mouth opened in that sweltering O of desire. His hips pistoned, his body tightened. All his muscles leaped toward Tam and her weeping pussy, toward her writhing body and the siren call of her wails under him.

“Does that feel good?” He gasped the question, although the liquid slide of his dick and her gasping cries made it moot.

As she gasped a “yes,” he twisted his hips, changed the angle until she was crying out. He grabbed her thigh and threw her leg over his shoulder. Everything bubbled up inside him then, his stupid love for her, his tattered pride. It didn’t matter who saw them through the gallery’s clear glass windows—all that mattered was her, under him, telling him yes.

She panted. “Harder. Please… Ian!”

He gave her everything she asked for and more. Winding his hips, twisting her nipple, sweating above her until a high, keening wail announced the beginning of her come.

“Oh, God! Don’t—don’t stop!”

He didn’t stop. He could never stop. Even after her body shuddered and clutched at him—once, twice, three times—Ian kept on going. He pounded away at her until he was coming, too, throwing his head back and thrusting into her, jerking her sweat-slick body across the sculpture.

He was dying. Jesus…

“It’s OK, baby,” she said. “It’s OK.”

His body shuddered and gave up the last of its seed to her, and then he was pulling out of her and turning away. He covered himself with the tail of his shirt and pulled his pants quickly up. With a disgusted sigh at himself, he wiped his hand across his face, and then he reached over Tam to retrieve the belt he’d used to restrain her.

“I’ve got to go,” he said, buckling his belt. He backed away as she sat up. “I’ll see you around.”

“That’s it?” She looked stricken and breathless, like a well-fucked woman who wanted more.

“That’s it.” Ian unlocked the gallery door and walked away from Tam without looking back.





Chapter 9




“I wish things didn’t have to be like this.” Jasmine looked at him with pleading eyes.

“It’s all right, Jasmine.” He tried to smile. “There’s nothing to worry about. Your mother and I are finished.”

The clock above his office door ticked away the eighteenth minute past two, almost half an hour since Jasmine had walked into his office and told Ian she knew what had happened between him and her mother.

“She can be really thoughtless sometimes. I’m sorry about whatever it was that she did. But she misses you, I think. She’s just too stubborn to say it.”

Ian shifted with impatience as each word Jasmine spoke poked at him, made him remember and cringe with disgust at the fool he’d made of himself over Tam. “Whatever your mother and I had is in the past. Let’s just leave it there.”

Jasmine looked down. “Sorry.”

“No, don’t be sorry. None of it’s your fault.” But part of him did believe it was her fault. If it weren’t for Jasmine, he wouldn’t have met Tam. Then again, if it hadn’t been for his dick, he wouldn’t have gotten into her car that first day, he wouldn’t have fucked her on the beach, and he wouldn’t be in the frozen hell he was in now. “It’s not your fault,” he said again.



She didn’t come to him in dreams anymore. Ian didn’t know whether to be grateful or pissed off. He did the same things he did before, went to work, ate, slept, saw his friends. But underneath it all lay her nagging absence. Thoughts of Zoë no longer comforted him. He couldn’t even rely on the old pain of missing her to take his mind off Tam. Something inside him had finally put Zoë to rest.

Although it was only a small comfort, he knew that Tam was thinking about him. She tried to call. He saw her name on the caller ID when the phone had rung once and then stopped. But he wasn’t going to call back and make it easy for her. Obviously, whatever she had to say to him she also knew he didn’t want to hear.



“You look like shit,” Derrick said, sitting down next to Ian on the bar stool.

“Thanks,” Ian muttered. He knew his exhaustion-ravaged face and disinterested expression weren’t the sexiest things to bring to the bar, but that was all he had today.

“Did that woman come back to you yet?”

“She’s not coming back, and I don’t want her back.”

“That’s bullshit, and you know it.” Derrick signaled the bartender and ordered a Corona and lime. “If she walked in here right now and dropped to her hands and knees to beg, you would gladly take that bitch back.” Derrick nodded his thanks to the bartender and passed her his credit card. “Start a tab for me, honey.” He turned back to Ian. “In fact, I can’t think of any circumstances in which you wouldn’t take her back. You’re pussy whipped.”

Ian had told Derrick about Tam weeks ago, even shown his friend a photograph of her. That was before they had stopped seeing each other, when things had been at their most explosive. Derrick was all sympathy and voyeuristic interest. Of all Ian’s friends, he was the one who understood the sheer power of lust and its ability to blast away all reasonable thought. When Ian told him about the other man, Derrick had shrugged philosophically. “A hot woman like that, of course she has some on-the-side dick, which, by the way, might have been you.”

“I was whipped,” Ian said in response to his friend’s earlier comment. “Now I’m over it.”

“Right.” Derrick took a deep drink of his beer. “What would you do if you saw her right now?”

“Don’t fuck with me, Derrick. I’m not in the mood.”

“You better think about it, because your hot piece just walked in here with some other Negro. Don’t turn around. Be cool.”

But Ian was past the point of trying to be cool. He was ice cold. His friends may be able to tell that the woman had taken everything when she left—his heart, his balls, even his libido— but to the rest of the world, he was the same as usual. He watched her in the mirrored wall behind the bar.

She was in his bar with someone else. Not the one she’d left him for. Tam was all over the guy, leaning into him as they walked around the bar looking for a place to sit. When they sat down on an overstuffed couch in the corner, she tucked herself into the crook of his arm like a child. The man teased her, played with one of her pointy ears, trying to get her to laugh. But he was nothing to worry about. Tam obviously wasn’t his type.

“Oh, honey, please!” the man trilled. “Butch up, and get over it.”

“Never mind,” Derrick said. He went back to his beer.

But Tam was now firmly in Ian’s mind. He watched as Tam’s companion left her to get drinks at the bar near where Derrick and Ian sat. The man’s eyes passed over them with casual interest before leaning in to kiss the bartender on both cheeks. They chatted as the woman made his drinks. He didn’t say anything about Tam. Ian was listening while his eyes stayed firmly locked on Tam in the mirror. Her gay boyfriend went back to her with drinks, and she thanked him with a smile and that familiar coy tilt of her head. Ian knew the exact moment when she saw him.

She froze and almost spilled her drink. He took a large swallow of his beer and watched her in the mirror, daring her to look away. Tam looked tired like she’d been spending some long, hard nights fucking her sugar daddy. But she was still beautiful.

“Hey, sorry we’re late,” Rashawn said, breezing in with Troy. “That traffic from downtown’s a bitch.”

“It’s cool,” Derrick said. “You didn’t miss anything except Ian’s little girlfriend loving on some gay boy over there in the corner.”

“Serious?”

“Not really. I think she’s just trying to take her mind off our boy. Look at her.” Derrick nodded toward Tam. “She can’t keep her damn eyes in her own business.”

“Shit, then let’s give the bitch something to look at.”

Before Ian could tell Rashawn to cool it, his friend wrangled a trio of cuties, what used to be Ian’s type—slim shoulders, big asses, and tiny waists—to entertain the boys for the evening. Although Rashawn’s brawny athlete’s physique and easy charm got them over there, the moment the girls got a good look at Ian, they forgot about everybody else.

“If I wasn’t trying to make this fool feel better, I’d push him out of this bar so the rest of us can get a little piece of the action,” Rashawn said.

“Speak for yourself. I’ve got no problems getting mine,” Derrick said.

“Whatever, man.” Troy laughed. “Don’t work too hard to convince yourself.”

The girls slid up to Ian, each trying to get him to notice her over the others. The winner made herself at home in the V of his spread thighs. Her friends gave up the fight and turned to Derrick, Troy, and Rashawn to make halfhearted conversation.

“Hey,” the bold one purred, rubbing her palms up his thighs, “my name is Tanisha. What’s yours?” Never mind that Rashawn had introduced everyone not five minutes before. Was this girl deaf?

He told her his name, wondering how far she would go with her hands before she struck gold.

“What a coincidence,” she said. “I have I, A, and N in my name, too.” She chuckled and leaned closer. “I’d love to have a little more Ian in me.”

Tanisha laughed at her own joke and brushed her breasts against his chest. Her hands gripped the tops of his thighs, pressing up the material of his pants to emphasize the shape of his dick under the cotton.

“Excuse me.” Ian looked up, surprised, when Tam came over. “Can I talk with you for a minute?” she asked.

“Go find your own man, honey.” Tanisha gave Tam a dismissive once-over. “This one’s taken for the night.”

Ian shook his head and forced a laugh. Tam didn’t look too happy, but it could just have been the inconvenience of having to deal with someone like Tanisha.

“Give me a sec,” he said, pulling away from Tanisha.

She reluctantly released him while keeping a jaundiced eye on Tam who guided him away from the main part of the bar to one of its quieter rear lounges. There were couples seated back there and a few threesomes, too, leaning close and talking intimately together. She sat down on one of the deep purple velvet love seats and invited him to do the same.

“It’s good to see you,” she said.

“Is that what you called me in here to tell me?” He could feel himself weakening, feel her scent twine around his senses, pulling him back to where he was almost a month ago.

“No.” She looked into his face as though she was searching for something. “No.” Tam bit her lips together and then clasped her hands in her lap. She sighed. “I’ve never had to beg a man for anything in my life. Never.”

“I don’t want you to beg me for anything.”

“Are you sure about that?” She shook her head. “No, I’m sorry, that’s not how I wanted this to go. Just listen.” Tam sighed again. “I miss you. I want to see you. I want us to be lovers again.”

“Are you still seeing that other guy?”

Tam pursed her lips. “Yes, I am.”

Ian held himself still, willing the disappointment not to show on his face. “This conversation is over. It was good seeing you.” He stood up.

“Ian, please. You don’t understand.”

He looked down at her. “Don’t beg me for anything, Tam. If you want me, here I am. If you want him and me and every other piece of dick that catches your eye, then you can beg until your tongue falls out and your tail wags off. It’s not going to happen. I would say ‘sorry,’ but I’m not.” He forced himself to take a step, and then two, away from her. “Enjoy yourself tonight. Enjoy your life. I hope you find whatever it is you’re searching for.”

No matter how many times he did it, walking away from Tam never got any easier. Ian went back out to the bar, wiping his face clean of any real emotion. Tanisha was more than happy to reclaim her place between his thighs, and he let her, even buying her a drink to make himself seem more welcoming. He never noticed when Tam left.





Chapter 10




“The royal penis is clean, your highness.”

Ian couldn’t even smile as he watched one of his favorite parts from Coming to America. Truth be told, he didn’t understand why he was torturing himself by watching the movie. The phantom scent of warm, rosemary-flavored Tam snuggled up against him on the couch, making him long for her even more.

She had laughed at that line in the movie and then turned to ask him, “Would you like someone to wash your penis?” The question had been more of a suggestion than a real query, and Ian had gotten instantly hard, ready to ask her if she would use a washcloth or her tongue. A loud knock on Ian’s door jolted him out of his memories. He got up to answer, wondering who it could be at this time of night.

Another knock sounded at the window, and he heard Rashawn shout, “If you’re in there jacking off, wipe it up and put the dick away! We don’t want to see that shit!”

Ian opened the door.

“We could hear you moping all the way from Coral Gables.”

Derrick nudged Ian out of the way to walk inside the house. “Get dressed. We’re taking you out.”

“I personally have had enough of this pining bullshit,” Rashawn said, coming in behind his friend. “You need to get back on that horse and ride it till everybody’s satisfied.”

“Uh huh.” Ian eyed Rashawn with a jaundiced look.

“I think you’ll enjoy this party we’re taking you to,” Derrick said. “I know I will.”

After Ian reluctantly got dressed, they piled into Derrick’s Range Rover and took off. When the truck finally stopped a half hour later, it was on the side street of a neighborhood Ian had never been to before.

He and Rashawn got out of the truck and followed Derrick down the street and up the nondescript-looking walkway to a red door. It was the entrance to a traditional-looking three-story house, not at all out of place in the suburban neighborhood, with its colorful garden and periwinkle exterior paint. They could hear faint strains of music coming from inside the house, something slow and mellow. At Derrick’s knock, a woman came to the door. She smiled warmly when she saw them.

“Aren’t you boys just looking fine tonight?”

The woman kissed Derrick on both cheeks and tugged him inside along with his friends.

“I haven’t seen you here in a long time,” she said to him. Her pretty mahogany skin glowed from beneath a thin golden sheath.

“I’ve been a little busy,” Derrick said. “You know…life.”

“I understand.” She chuckled. “You know where everything is and how to maximize your good time. If you have questions, you ask Alee at the bar.”

Derrick squeezed her arm in thanks and then nodded at his friends to follow him up the winding staircase. Ian was beginning to see what kind of party this was. Although the people downstairs were all fully dressed, they were relaxed and laughing with their drinks cupped loosely in their hands as other hands casually caressed them, either playing with hair or touching innocuously bared body parts. As though they were warming up for some main event.

“Is this a whorehouse?”

“I’m shocked and disgusted that you even think I’d take you to such a place.” Derrick’s offended tone didn’t fool anyone.

Rashawn snickered.

“No, my friend,” Derrick said, raising his voice to be heard above the growing noise. “It’s a party. A place where people come to have a good time.”

Rashawn laughed again. “And keep on coming again and again.”

“You are so fucking corny.” Derrick shook his head.

More people leaned against the railing that ringed the entire second floor to watch the byplay going on downstairs and pick who and what they wanted for the night. The anticipation of sex was thick in the air.

Ian glanced at Rashawn. “Are you OK with all this?”

His friend nodded, taming his smile. “I’m good. No worries.”

With an answering nod, Ian turned back to his contemplation of the crowd. “I’m not really feeling this, fellas,” Ian said.

“We know, but you will soon.”

Derrick occasionally talked about these kinds of parties. Parties where the men and women were willing to do anything as long as it felt good.

“Pick what you like,” Derrick said to Ian. “It’s all fun tonight.”

Rashawn nudged him. “And don’t try to push up on someone who looks just like that broad you’re trying to forget.”

No one could replace Tam or even look like her. That was one of the things he’d found so appealing. The woman in his dreams and the woman who’d eventually found her way into his bed were the same. And unique. He’d never find someone like her again.

“Look at that,” Derrick said, pointing to an open alcove a few feet away that had its own little show going on. “That guy’s having a little too much fun with that ass.”

Ian looked despite himself. And instantly regretted it. Heinrich, his colleague from the university, exerted himself over the pert, pale rear end of an ecstatically crying woman. The sweat dripped down his face as he effectively wielded a paddle, swinging it through the air before connecting it sharply with the reddened bottom turned up over his knee. The wet crotch of the woman’s panties clearly outlined her lips.

Heinrich looked up as his new spectators approached. A few already gathered around him wandered away, sufficiently warmed up to stage their own show elsewhere.

Jesus! Ian did not want to see this. But he didn’t want to be rude. “Hey, Rick.”

“Ian.” Heinrich stopped in mid swing to mop at his face with a white handkerchief. “I didn’t know you indulged.”

“I don’t. My friends dragged me here.”

Rashawn turned an incredulous look to Ian. “You know this guy?”

“He teaches at the university.”

“Damn! Now I know you’re the most uptight guy at that school.”

Derrick stepped back, holding up his hands. He was staying out of it.

“Why don’t you try not to be an asshole tonight?” Ian suggested, baring his teeth.

“I’m just trying to help you out.” Rashawn grinned.

“Right…” With a friend like this, who needed enemies?

But Rashawn dismissed Ian’s fight-face with a shrug. “She’s nice,” he said, gesturing to the girl over Heinrich’s knee. Ian hadn’t even seen her face.

“Yeah, she is.” Heinrich smiled up at Rashawn. “Want to share?”

“If ever a question had an obvious answer.” Rashawn’s grin widened.

The two men smiled over the bright red bottom just as the woman turned to them both and added her own smile to the grinning twosome.

Derrick exchanged a glance with Ian. The two men turned away and left Rashawn to his games.

“I need a drink,” Ian muttered.

They got drinks at the bar and fought their way through the crowd to find a space on the oversize couch in the second-floor living room. The couple next to Derrick tongued each other down, sucking at each other’s faces until the noises they made started to turn Ian’s stomach. Or turn him on. He wasn’t quite sure which. The woman’s hand snaked out to stroke Derrick’s thigh. Her long burgundy-tipped fingers spread over Derrick’s trousers and then dipped between his thighs. Derrick lifted her hand as if he wasn’t quite sure where it came from and then dropped it back on its owner. He scooted closer to Ian.

Ian grinned. “I thought that was the kind of thing you wanted here.”

“Not when I’m talking to you. That’s a little freaky. And before you ask, yeah, too freaky for me.”

Ian smiled and put the beer to his lips.

“So, is this little excursion doing you any good?” Derrick asked.

“What? Sitting next to a couple that’s going to be fucking any second now on top of a sofa with a higher sperm count than my ball sac?”

“Yes.”

Ian smiled weakly. “It isn’t. But thanks for trying.”

“She’s really got you bad, huh?”

Ian winced, unable to deny it. “Yeah, real bad. I’ve never had it like this before. Not even…” Ian thought carefully before he finished saying what was waiting to burst past his lips, “Not even with Zoë.” He swallowed.

“Shit.” Derrick stared at his friend. “Are you serious?”

Ian didn’t say anything. He just stared out at the decadent sprawl of bodies before him. “Have you ever had it bad for a woman?” he asked.

“No. Never. I get inoculated against that kind of thing.” They both knew he was lying.

The couple next to them stretched out even more on the sofa, and the woman’s leg flung out over Derrick’s thigh. She moaned as her lover cupped her pussy through her slacks. Derrick arched an eyebrow and then, almost as an afterthought, leaned over to watch the action. Having lost his audience, Ian adjusted his position on the couch to do the same.

The woman who was stretched out had her hair cut in a sleek bob that made a blade of her already narrow face. Her lips parted to moan when her partner for the evening tugged down the zipper of her pants and slowly worked slim fingers inside. Her breasts were out. They were full and had tiny nipples like Hershey’s Kisses. The lover feasted on the small dark nipples, flicking a quick pink tongue over the hard nubs until the woman groaned and churned her hips against the couch. Derrick held on to the leg thrown casually over his.

Ian couldn’t see her pussy, but he could smell it. The hot, musky scent made him rise full and hard in his trousers. His body was ready to fuck, but he wasn’t. He wasn’t the least bit interested in fucking her or anyone else at this party. He appreciated his friends for wanting to distract him from his pathetic situation, but it was too soon for him to get into anything like this. But he could see that Derrick was becoming interested in the current proceedings. Very interested.

The woman on the sofa was quiet. But her lover wasn’t. He made appreciative murmurs as he suckled the thick breasts, growling low in his throat when the woman widened her legs even more to receive his fingers deep inside her. His teeth tightened on her nipples, and the woman threw back her head, gasping silently. The fingers worked in her pussy, thrusting in a quick rhythm while her hips bucked against the couch and her leg flailed in Derrick’s grasp. Ian watched her mouth. And she watched him.

“Fuck, yeah,” she mouthed as her eyes locked with his. “Fuck me. Yes…”

Her teeth flashed as she quietly snarled the last word. Her partner’s fingers moved faster, and her hips bucked harder. Derrick rested his hand on his thigh, very near his stiff dick, but he did not touch himself. Ian watched her and tried to imagine Tam doing something like this. He couldn’t.

The woman apparently came. Her leg flailed one last time, and her hips abruptly pushed into the air, arching into her lover’s hand. Then she was still. When the guy raised his head from her still hard nipples, they saw that he was a woman. Derrick licked his lips.

“That wasn’t too bad,” he said.

“I’ve seen better,” Ian said with a slight smile. He sipped his beer, but the damn thing was almost hot. “I’m going to grab another beer. Want something?”

“No, I’m good.”

Ian got up from the couch and went for the bar. On his way back from the bar with a cold beer in hand he saw that Derrick had joined the amorous couple on the couch. He had more than the woman’s leg in his lap now and seemed very happy indeed to be getting her attentions. Ian shook his head and then backed out of the room that was rapidly filling up with an audience for the event taking place on the couch. He swam through all kinds of offers—to have his children, suck his dick, give him a hand job, hold his beer, be his cum rag for the night—just to get to the back door.

The deck was relatively empty except for a lone man jacking off as he watched two men and a very greedy woman go at it on a blanket in the grass below. The man stood, a sweating glass of Scotch in one hand, his purple-headed dick in the other, methodically stroking himself as if he was alone in his own bedroom.

Ian walked down the deck’s stairs to sit under the large maple tree in the backyard. He missed Tam. Honestly and completely. Even in the midst of all this mindless fucking, he wanted her. Not necessarily to fuck. Just to talk to. To see. To ask if she was into this kind of thing.

The man on the deck finished up with a splash and a restrained groan, but the threesome on the grass kept on going. One of the men lay on his back under the woman’s spread thighs, sucking on her pussy while the other man worked hard at trying to give her a pearl necklace. Her thick, cum-slicked breasts and his long straining dick made the likelihood of success very high.

Ian sipped his beer, felt it sweating and cold in his hand. The tree was rough against his back, his dick a limp weight in his trousers. Sounds washed over him—moans, sighs, the liquid slap of flesh against flesh—and he felt dirty, in need of Tam’s cleansing presence.

Then he saw her. It had to be a trick of the light or of his second beer on an empty stomach. She looked so different hovering above him at the railing in her hip-hugging short skirt and the blouse that lifted and separated her breasts, offering them up like ripe fruit for anyone near to pluck. She looked…common. The trick turned and laughed with someone beyond Ian’s sight. Her long silver earrings danced in the air as she turned her head. Then the trick pushed away from the railing and disappeared inside.

Ian realized then that it wasn’t the light or his beer. It was Tam. She moved with that unmistakable grace, that sense of owning the room, the space, even the universe she occupied. Ian hesitated only a moment before following her. The grass slid wetly underfoot, but he quickly regained his balance, crossed the yard, and ran up the wooden stairs.

Ian followed the flashing earrings and tightly girded ass, watching to see what she would do. Her escort—the man from the gallery—tugged her along while his eyes took in everything around him, devouring all the different types of sex taking place in the house. Tam watched, earrings dancing, as her head moved from side to side, her gaze flickering over the multiple visual stimuli.

It wasn’t long before a woman appeared at Tam’s side and lazily caressed her ass. Tam’s lover looked immediately interested. But when he touched the stranger, the woman dismissed him with a cool shake of her head. Tam wasn’t tempted, so shook her own head and watched the woman go without the smallest sign of regret. A man approached them, then another, and another, then a couple. All were refused with Tam’s smiling dismissal. Her companion was interested, but she was not.

If she wasn’t interested in fucking any of them, why was she here?

Ian followed them, sipping his beer, until Tam’s lover was lured away by a barely dressed set of twins. Tam looked around her, seemed lost for a moment, and then took a deep breath and walked toward the bar. She collided with Ian on her way there.

“Excuse me,” she said, recoiling from his body.

Ian knew when she realized it was him. Her hand grasped his biceps, and she inhaled quickly, filling her nose with his scent.

“Are you following me?” he asked before she could completely get her bearings.

Her hand tightened convulsively on his arm before letting go. Tam smelled potently like herself, of rosemary and green tea. The scent took him back to the night in her bed, the lushly colored pillows, the soft weight of her breasts against his chest, her pussy eagerly swallowing him.

“I didn’t know this was your kind of place,” she said, ignoring his question for the foolishness it was.

“There’s a lot you don’t know about me.”

Their shoulders brushed as they walked toward the bar together.

“Apparently so.” She nodded at the G-stringed bartender. “Long Island iced tea, please.”

Tam made Ian reckless enough to signal for another beer. Before she could get out her money, he paid for both their drinks.

“Does all this make you wet?” he asked, putting his wallet away.

It all seemed so surreal, the two of them walking through the house full of gyrating, fucking, and sweating bodies, talking calmly after an absence of weeks between them. Tam looked down at the thick bulge straining against his jeans.

“Does all this make you hard?” She didn’t bother to hide the sneer in her voice.

You make me hard. Ian cleared his throat. “Your friend seems into it.”

“He is. He wanted to see if I could get into it, too.” She sipped her drink, took a larger gulp and then another.

They stepped out through the front door, ignoring the interested looks and grasping hands. The night air was cool on Ian’s face. As soon as the door closed behind them, the droning hum of voices disappeared. It could have been just the two of them on any suburban street, even Tam’s, with the quietly winking stars above, the scent of night-blooming flowers from the garden, and the comforting silence.

Ian was buzzed enough to admit to missing Tam, even enough to admit it to her face. But he didn’t. He drew in a deep breath of Tam-scented air. “Feel like taking a walk?”

“Sure.”

He took a deep swallow of his beer before putting the bottle between stalks of daffodils and the stone walkway. The last thing he wanted to do was get arrested for drinking alcohol on the street. Tam didn’t seem to care. She took another big sip of her drink as they strolled down the walk. The sound of her ridiculous heels was loud on the concrete sidewalk, a porno soundtrack to the twitch of her ass and the exaggerated sway of her hips.

Tam sucked her teeth. “This goddamn skirt.” She pulled down at the offending garment. “I don’t even know how people find this shit sexy.”

Ian smiled. Plucking at the tiny piece of leather, she seemed once again like the alluring creature he met two months ago. But he knew she wasn’t. Not really. Tam was fucking someone else. Someone who didn’t even value her enough to keep her for himself.

“Are you satisfied with your choice?” he asked.

Tam looked at him but didn’t say anything. She knew exactly what he was talking about.

“I miss you,” she said finally, curling her mouth around the edge of the plastic cup containing her drink.

“I miss you, too.”

Their meandering footsteps took them to a playground perched safely in the middle of the neighborhood’s tiny park. Tam sat on the swing and anchored her drink deep in the sand before grasping with both hands the metal chain suspending the seat of the swing. Ian stood nearby with his hands in his pockets and watched her pump herself in the swing. The skirt rode all the way up to the tops of her thighs, revealing her pale blue panties.

Who else wore sensible panties to a sex party?

He suddenly wanted to drop to his knees in front of her and lick that blue cotton until it was soaking wet inside and out. Ian adjusted his sneakered feet in the sand and cleared his throat.

“Because of you”—she said matter-of-factly, her earrings fluttering in the breeze with each pass of the swing through the air—“I can’t enjoy other men.”

“I can’t do anything with that.” Ian murmured. “You’re not making too much sense to me right now.”

“Yeah, that’s my problem, too.”

She seemed far away and emotionally remote as she swung back and forth in the silence. But she was closer to him now than she had been in the past few weeks, and so he savored her presence. He wanted more. Much more.

If he was drunk enough he would have asked her to suck him off one last time. To take out his already hard dick and cover it with kisses, lick its seeping head, and take him deep into her mouth. And she’d probably do it, too, in her own way, working his dick until he came and then swallowing every ounce of his juice. She’d lick her lips, catlike and sweet, and ask if he had any more cream. But he would have to shake his head because it was his turn to sate a long-denied hunger.

This hunger would lead him to sniff her pussy, to slide off her heaven-colored panties and lick the salty musk of her and dive deeply inside her with his tongue to imprint her smell all over his face. If he asked nicely enough, she would grasp the back of his head like she used to, she’d buck against his face while he fucked her with his tongue and pounded her clit with his nose. She’d come and wail and shower his mouth with quick squeezing kisses from her pussy lips.

But Ian wasn’t drunk enough for that. He was aware enough to know that he would hate her and himself afterward if anything happened between them.

“You ready to go back?” he asked.

They walked back to the house in silence. It was a particular kind of torture, being so close to her, smelling her, knowing that she wanted him as much as he wanted her, yet not being able to have her. Ian rotated his shoulders to loosen the tightness in his chest.

As they approached the house, a couple walked down the driveway toward them.

“Party over?” Ian asked.

“Oh, no, honey,” the more slender of the two men said. “Things are just starting to get interesting.”

Ian could only imagine what other “interesting” things could happen in that house tonight.

“Have fun,” the two men chorused as they ambled down the path, holding hands.

“I bet Garrett is right in the middle of whatever that is,” Tam said, wrinkling her nose.

“I’m assuming you’ll want to jump right in there with him.”

“That’s not a good assumption to make,” she said.

He held open the front door for Tam, and, almost against his will, his eyes dropped down to the rocking bridge the leather of the skirt made between her ass cheeks.

Maybe there’s some appeal to this getup after all.

Stale air from inside the house blasted Ian in the face as soon as he stepped inside. The place reeked of sex. The hour or so they had been gone had cleared Ian’s senses, but now he felt dirty again. He wanted to pull Tam out of there, tell her to go home to her daughter and her rosemary-scented bed.

A man emerged out of the morass of bodies to grasp Tam’s arm. “I was looking for you.”

She seemed surprised to see him. Ian pulled the door closed behind him and turned to leave, but Tam tugged at his hand. He stayed. Her boyfriend looked like he was high, with his unnaturally bright eyes, too wide smile, and blood-flushed lips.

“Why?” Tam asked him. “You were obviously having a good time.”

“Are you jealous?” The man chuckled like he’d just made a good joke. “I see you found somebody you like.” His eyes casually appraised Ian. “You look familiar. I didn’t know Tamarind liked the pretty boy type.” He chuckled again. “No offense.” He offered his hand to shake. “The name is Garrett.”

Ian took it and immediately wanted to wipe his off. The man’s hand was damp. Tam slowly released his other hand. This was what she had given Ian up for? He turned deliberately to the woman who still owned his heart.

“Enjoy the rest of the party,” he said to her. “I’m heading home.”

She opened her mouth to say something but closed it again. “It was good seeing you,” she finally said.

Ian nodded once and then walked off to get his friends. This “party” was over. After texting Derrick, he found Rashawn in an upper-level bedroom playing the voyeur to an enthusiastic orgy on the shag-carpeted floor. He looked up when Ian walked into the room.

“Is that your ready-to-go face?” Rashawn asked.

“Yup.”

“No prob. Derrick is downstairs getting to know that cute little bartender a little bit better. I think he’s just killing time.”

Ian nodded and didn’t bother to let Rashawn know he’d already talked to Derrick. “Let’s go.”

Rashawn stood up and followed him from the room.

“I saw you with that woman,” Derrick said to Ian as soon as they found him.

Fuck. Ian was not in the mood to talk about this.

They walked out of the house, with Rashawn looking at them both. “What happened?”

The Range Rover chirped as Derrick opened the doors with the remote. “He was cuddling up at the bar with that chick who stole his balls.”

Rashawn looked at Ian. “No shit?”

“I think you two just arrange to bump into each other in public for drama.” Derrick tossed the words over his shoulder as he started the truck.

“Fuck you.”

“Don’t look at me for that, Professor. I know she’s the one you want.”

Rashawn chuckled and fell deeper into his sprawl in the corner of the truck. Ian halfheartedly punched Derrick in the shoulder. His friend was right. Tam was the one he wanted. And, right now, he couldn’t do a damn thing about it.

“Just take me home,” he said.





Chapter 11




She smelled like sunlight and sex. Grass stains marked the crinkled white of her skirt that they were laying on. Her face was rapture in the breeze, her lips parted and wet as he slid easily inside her cunt, moving in a nearly frictionless rhythm. She was incredibly wet. He could feel the sun on his back, its heat trailing each muscle, sinking into the sleek flesh of his ass as he moved inside Tam.

Her pleasure was absolute. It was tied unbreakably to his, and he was all she wanted. She called out his name and smiled, rising up in her dream orgasm to fling her arms around his neck and clutch him tighter. Her pussy swallowed his aching dick. His body felt full. He was going to come. Ian opened his mouth. An alarm sounded, discordant and loud, jerking him out of his dream.

“Fuck!” He turned over and slapped at the inconvenient alarm. Or, at least, he tried to, but a heavy weight pinned him to the bed. It smelled like sunlight and sex.

“Do you want me to turn that off for you?”

He lay back against the sheets, drinking in the vision in his bed.

“Sure.”

Tam stretched across him, her bare body, breasts, belly, thighs elongated in the sun toward his phone. Then the alarm was off, its shrieking silenced, leaving only the sounds of their quiet breathing. She had him trapped between her thighs and under the steaming heat of her pussy. His dick was hard and stood up between them, pre-cum glistening. She didn’t touch him.

“I don’t want anybody else,” she said. Before Ian could speak, she put a finger to his lips. “Just let me finish, OK?”

He nodded.

“For a long time now I’ve known I wanted you. But I had some crazy ideas about having the freedom to fuck whoever I wanted, whenever I wanted. When I saw you the other night, I finally had to put the bullshit aside.”

Ian knew he should have been surprised, maybe even angry, at her presumption to barge into his house the morning after they’d met at the party and slip into his bed. But all he felt was relief.

“What about your rich boyfriend?”

“Garrett isn’t my boyfriend. For a long time, he was just convenient.”

“And now?”

“And now he’s not. If you still want me, there’s only you. Is that OK?”

It was. He nodded, swallowing thickly, and she fell into him, drowning him in her scent and in the skimming heat of her hands.

“Please,” she whispered, moving up and over him. “Make love to me.” She bit his jaw, kissed his mouth, raked her nails down his chest.

Pleasure shudder through Ian. He lay under her, entranced. Tam sheathed him in her moist heat, rising up like a siren on the surf, her back arched and her mouth wet and open, to lure him once again beneath her waves. And, this time, he wasn’t dreaming.





**Thank You**



Thank you so much for reading Propositioning the Professor! If you enjoyed it, please take the time to write a starred review online – it doesn’t have to be a long one – and share your experience with a friend or three.



To find me on the interwebs, go to my website www.LindsayEvansWrites.com, my Facebook, or Twitter pages. You can even use old-fashioned email at LindsayEvansXOX@gmail.com.





About the Author



Jamaican-born Lindsay Evans currently lives and writes in Atlanta, GA. A writer of sensual love stories and decadent erotica, she loves good food and romance and would happily travel to the ends of the earth for both. Her novel, Bare Pleasures, is now available. Find out more at LindsayEvansWrites.com.





Now Available





Professional Lovers Series



Seducing the Stripper

Luring the Lawyer



Miami Strong Series



Bare Pleasures

Affair of Pleasure





Linked Novels



Untamed Love

Snowy Mountain Nights

Sultry Pleasure

Pleasure under the Sun

Dim the Lights (novella collection)





An Excerpt from Luring the Lawyer




The first woman Derrick ever loved left him for his sister. Well, that wasn’t quite the way it went, but that was how he liked to think of it. He turned their wedding invitation over in his hands, smiling despite the ache of sadness throbbing in the middle of his chest.

Victoria Jackson had been perfect for him in every way— professional, intelligent, beautifully put together, not to mention sexy as hell. They met at the University of Miami during his last year of college and her fourth year as a PhD candidate. Because of her, he stayed at UM to get his law degree. He even did his clerkship in Miami and took a job in his hometown despite the better offers in New York and Boston.

“What are you thinking about so hard over there, baby?”

Derrick looked toward the sound of his girlfriend’s voice but felt Trish slide her arms around him before he could see her, teasing his nose with her light citrus perfume. He put the invitation facedown on the window seat. Beyond the upstairs window of his study, the artificial lake glimmered under the late Saturday morning sun.

“A case,” he said. “Nothing serious.”

The window’s glass mocked him with a glimpse of his lying face—eyes deliberately bland, his mouth, framed by his neatly trimmed goatee, smiling.

“It doesn’t look like it from where I’m standing.”

“I guess you better come closer, then.”

He reached around for her, tugging her forward and down to straddle his lap in the oversized leather chair. With a quick motion, he pushed the armrests down to be level with the seat so she could get even closer and be more comfortable. Glimmering black in the light, her straightened hair swung forward along her jaw, framing her almond eyes set against teak skin, the smiling mouth.

“You’re right,” she murmured. “This is better.”

She’d been drinking hot chocolate, and the scent of it wafted from her parted lips, brushing over his mouth in a warm stream.

“Did you leave me any of that hot chocolate?” His hands fell to her hips.

“In the kitchen.”

Derrick pitched his voice low, seductive. “What if I want what you’ve already had?”

“Then you have to come and get it.” Her mouth hovered near his.

He chuckled, taking her up on her invitation. The taste of chocolate was still rich on her tongue, vibrant and dark but not as interesting as her own flavor. Her tongue danced with his, licked his teeth, daintily tasted until his dick rose hard between them and she moaned very softly, moving her hips against him. “I thought you had a meeting?” he asked, his hands already lifting her dress out of the way.

“You thought wrong. Right now”—she pulled down the top of her dress, baring her small breasts to his gaze and to his mouth— “the only meeting I’m interested in is this one.”





Copyright © 2016 by Fiona Lewis




A version of this novella was published as “Pure Pleasure” by Kensington Books in 2007.



This is a work of fiction. The characters and events described herein are imaginary and are not intended to refer to specific places or to living persons alive or dead. All rights reserved.



No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods without the prior written permission of the publisher except for brief quotations embodied in critical reviews.



Cover design: Red Raven Book Design





