The Strickland Sisters Series: Book 2





Alexandria House





Pink Cashmere Publishing, LLC

Arkansas, USA





Copyright © 2017 by Alexandria House



All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



Printed in the United States of America



First Printing 2017





Pink Cashmere Publishing, LLC

pinkcashmerepub@gmail.com

http://pinkcashmerepublishing.webs.com/





Dear Readers,

Wow! I had so much fun writing Stay with Me, and to see how well you all received it made me feel like I really did something, lol. I hope you’ll enjoy Renee’s journey, as well.



Happy Reading!

XOXO Alex





Believe in Me



More than a year after leaving her unfaithful husband, Renee Mattison is ready to move on, but how can she move on from someone who refuses to let go?

Lorenzo Higgs is handsome and magnetic with a past that would send most women running, not to mention a little emotional baggage. Renee knows she should be afraid of Lorenzo, but the only thing that frightens her is the possibility of another broken heart.

The two share an electric attraction and a smoldering chemistry, but will they learn to truly believe in each other enough to build a lasting love?





1





“I hate to ask you to do this on your weekend off, Renee, but we’re stuck here. This was supposed to be a quick overnight trip and then this ridiculous storm hit. We can’t leave until it passes over.”

“It’s okay,” I said, sounding unconvincing even to myself. I was supposed to be having lunch with my sisters. We planned some type of get-together every couple of weeks or at least every month as a form of sisterly bonding and a way to stay up on what was happening in each other’s lives, something that was especially hard to do with the way my sister, Angie, and her husband traveled for events or commercial shoots. Her being in town at all was a miracle, but on a Saturday? That was almost unheard of.

“No, it’s not, and I truly am sorry.”

“Look, I really do understand. It was your mother-in-law’s birthday. You guys needed to go see her. And no one was expecting all hell to break loose with the weather there. Am I disappointed to have to work today? Yes, but I’ll be fine. And you only had the one patient that was due, right?”

“Yes, and if it helps, she lives in a very nice house, has a supportive family. This should be a good experience.”

“I’m sure it will be. You know I love home births, anyway.”

“Yeah. Hey, thanks again, Renee. I’ll make this up to you. I’ll take your call next weekend.”

“Deal.”

I ended the call and quickly went about the business of changing into a pair of scrubs. My bag was pretty well stocked and still in the trunk of my car, so I didn’t have to worry about dropping by the birthing center to pick up any supplies.

As I was leaving, I peeked into the kitchen and told my mom I was heading out.

She looked up from the cookbook she was studying at the table. “Where you going?”

“Taking call for Cass. Got one in labor.”

Her eyebrows rose. “Oh, I hope it goes well. Tell me all about it when you get back.”

I smiled and wondered to myself why she liked hearing these birthing stories. I’d shared a ton of them with her since moving back home over a year ago. “Okay, Mama.”



*****



I had known Cassandra Johnson since nursing school where we became fast friends, both opting to continue our educations and eventually becoming midwives, sharing that graduation as well. It’d been Cass’s idea to open the birthing center. We had both been working in hospitals and clinics and were both making good livings. The last thing on my mind was undertaking something as massive as opening our own medical facility, but Cass had this vision that I couldn’t help but get on board with. She was a teen mother, having two kids by the time she was eighteen, and shared with me how horribly she was treated, disrespected, and disregarded, not only because she was young and unwed, but because she was black, young, and unwed. She told me about how being poor and on Medicaid limited her birthing options at the time. She wanted to open a center where all women, especially women of color, would be respected and could make choices concerning their bodies and how they brought their children into the world regardless of their racial, social, or economic status.

Admittedly, Cass did most of the ground work, even getting her uncle, a practicing obstetrician, to sign on as our medical director, but I did my part financially and aided in most of the decision-making. And three years after she came to me with the idea, Genesis was born. “Affordable women’s health care with a personal touch” was our slogan. Genesis was a place where women of color could feel welcomed and empowered. And then there were the scholarships, for lack of a better word. We held fundraisers throughout the year and used the funds to assist our teen and low-income patients with purchasing things they needed for their babies—everything from car seats to cribs. In return, they pledged to finish high school. Mothers who had already finished high school pledged to enroll in a university or a community college. When funds allowed, we even assisted with child care costs.

We’d been friends for nearly nineteen years, and I’d never known her to be a liar, but when I plugged the address into my GPS and saw that the house was located in the Braxton edition, I knew at the very least she’d downplayed the house by describing it simply as “nice.” The Braxton edition was even more exclusive than the neighborhood my mother’s house was in, with huge homes protected by tall gates and high fences. The richest of the rich resided there. And with that wealth seemed to come a level of entitlement I hated to deal with. So as I backed out of my mother’s driveway, I sighed and braced myself for what I was about to face.





2





I pulled up to #20 Kensey Lane and rolled my window down, reading the small sign affixed to the thick brick post that held an intercom speaker and a keypad. Following the directions on the sign, I pressed the green button, and said, “Um…hi, this is Renee Mattison, one of the midwives from Genesis Birthing Center. I’m here to assist Melyssa Higgs.”

As I was waiting for a reply, the iron gate groaned and began to slowly open. “Okay…” I muttered, as I rolled my window up and pulled through the gate onto the winding driveway, finally parking in front of the three-car garage. I was at the massive door with my rolling case next to me, hand raised to knock when it opened to reveal a huge man, and when I say huge, I mean enormous—tall, wide, and downright ominous looking. He didn’t speak, just moved to the side so I could enter the house, but I wasn’t altogether sure I wanted to enter it.

“Uh,” I said, still standing outside. “Um, is this the Higgs residence?”

He nodded, stepped back a little further.

“Uh…”

“Who’s that, Rell?” a voice coming from somewhere beyond the door yelled.

The big man, presumably Rell, turned and looked at whoever it was wherever they were and opened the door wider, but still didn’t utter a word.

A second or two later, another man approached the door, the kind of man who makes your breath hitch and your heart race. Tall, probably about six-five to my five-seven, and big, but smaller than Rell. Wide shoulders and extremely handsome with smooth, semisweet chocolate skin, a neat mustache and goatee, thick eyebrows and lips, and dark, deep-set eyes. He wore sweat pants and a black t-shirt. The energy in the air shifted, became almost electrified, and I was suddenly aware of an intoxicating scent infiltrating my senses—his cologne.

“You from Genesis?” he asked, a look of concern etched into his face.

I nodded, composed myself, and said, “Yes.”

“Good! She’s saying she feels like pushing, but it’s too soon, right?”

“Where is she?” I asked, now fully recovered from the introduction of his comeliness and ready to handle the task at hand.

“Up here. In the tub.” He started toward the stairs, and I took the cue, following him as Rell closed the front door. “I’m Lorenzo Higgs, by the way,” he said.

“I’m Renee Mattison.” I would be so glad when my divorce was final and I could be a Strickland again.

I made myself not look at the back of his body, and instead, concentrated on the stairs and my own feet. “How long has she been having contractions?”

“Ah, she started hurting yesterday afternoon, said she had pains off and on all day and into the night, but they didn’t get bad until early this morning. It got to the point that she was screaming and shi—um, and stuff like an hour ago, so I called you guys.”

“Bless her heart, she’s been laboring for a long time.”

We were on the second floor, and he was leading me down a carpeted hallway that smelled of fresh linen. “Yeah,” he said, “I’ve hated seeing her hurt like this. I’ll just be glad when this is all over.”

I smiled. So many husbands were this way, worried, anxious. It was endearing, really, and while it warmed my heart, it also made it ache just a little bit more. I couldn’t recall the last time my estranged husband had ever seemed concerned about me.

I followed him into an enormous room, past a gorgeous four-poster bed and into a bathroom that was larger than my bedroom in the home I’d shared with my husband, Robert. And sitting in a huge alcove tub set under a window was the patient. Just as I was thinking the tub had probably been built to accommodate Mr. Higgs, I fully took in the scene before me. The woman in the tub breathing through a contraction wasn’t a woman at all, but a girl, no more than sixteen or seventeen. She wore a black sports bra, and I was sure she had nothing on beneath the water. An older woman was sitting in a chair beside the tub rubbing her back. My admiration of this man’s concern flew out the window. He was older than her, much closer to my age than hers. She had no business here with him, but I suppose the huge mansion I was in had something to do with their union. But then again, the man was handsome with chiseled features.

I need to mind my own business.

“Melyssa?” I said, in a calm voice.

When I entered the bathroom, her eyes were closed and the older woman was encouraging her to breathe. After I said her name, she opened her eyes and fixed them on me.

“Is it okay if I check you out? See how far you’ve dilated? I know you feel the need to push, right?”

She simply nodded, and I dug into the front pocket of my cart and grabbed a pair of gloves. “Is latex okay?” I questioned.

She nodded again.

I pulled on the pink gloves and kneeled beside the tub. As I checked her, I asked, “Has being in the water helped with the pain?”

“Yes,” she said softly, as she reached up and grasped the older woman’s hand.

“Good.”

“It’s almost over, baby,” the woman said.

I quickly pulled my hand back, startled by what I’d felt. I needed to check her vital signs, but that was going to have to wait. “This is your first pregnancy?” I asked.

The girl nodded.

“Well, your body is definitely doing its job efficiently. The baby is crowning. You felt like you needed to push, because it’s time to bring this baby into the world.”

The girl’s eyes widened. “What?”

“It’s time to push.”

She looked up at the older woman again. “Ma?”

The woman squeezed her hand. “You can do it, baby. Come on!”

I tried not to think about the fact that this woman had let this grown-ass man get involved with her child and got to work, coaching the young lady through delivering a beautiful baby girl while her mother remained at her side, encouraging her. Her husband hung in the doorway of the bathroom with an almost horrified look on his face, and I had to fight not to roll my eyes when the young lady called for him to come cut the cord.

He hesitantly stepped forward and took the scissors from me as his wife held the baby up a little. His hand was shaking, so I placed my hand on his arm and smiled warmly at his sorry, pedophilic butt. He looked me in the eye and gave me a little nod, then with a steady hand, cut the umbilical cord.

“Thank you, Zo. Thank you so much,” the tearful new mother said, as she held the wailing baby to her.

“You got it, princess. You know that.”

I wanted to sigh. No, I wanted to scream. I had seen so many young girls fall into this trap with older men, it was sickening. Bless their hearts, they were just clueless.

What does that make you?

That thought made me halt my hands. Yeah, I’d been a fool, too. An old one. Hell, that probably made me dumber than them. So I cleared my head of any judgmental thoughts and prepared to deliver the afterbirth.

Two hours later, after I’d checked out both baby and mother, weighed the eight-pound baby on my hanging scale, helped the new mom with her first breast feeding, and swallowed my disgust when she announced the baby would be named Loren, after Lorenzo, I packed my bag and left the overly-thankful Melyssa lying in the massive bed with little Loren cradled in her arms.

I made it to the door where Rell stood at attention, and I had to wonder if he’d been standing there for the entirety of my visit. He gave me a slight smile and a nod, and as he reached to open the door, a voice coming from behind me said, “Hey, Doc! Wait up!”

I spun around to find Lorenzo bounding down the stairs, and again, had to fight not to roll my eyes. “I’m not a doctor.”

“I can’t tell. What you did up there? Man, that was amazing!”

I shook my head. “Melyssa did all the work. I just helped her through it. Little Loren is gorgeous. Congratulations.”

“Thanks. Hey, I feel like we need to pay you extra or something. I mean, wow. I’ve never seen anything like that before. It was…”

“Beautiful?”

“Yeah. Beautiful.”

“Well, I don’t take tips, but we do take donations for our scholarship program. You can call the office Monday for details.”

He nodded as he clapped his huge hands together. “I will. I’ll do that for sure. Thanks, again.”

“It was my pleasure.”

“It meant a lot to my sister to be able to have her baby here. And I’m just happy it happened the way she wanted.”

I frowned slightly. “Sister?”

He looked at me, and a flicker of recognition lit in his eyes. “Yeah, Mel is my baby sister. You didn’t think—”

“Actually, I did.”

He chuckled. “Wow. This whole time you’ve probably been thinking I was some asshole predator.”

“No. It was none of my business. Still isn’t.”

“Well, anyway, thanks. I’ll definitely be making that donation.”

“Thank you.”

In my car on the way home, I smiled and wondered to myself why I was so relieved to find out he was Melyssa’s brother.





3





I sighed as I parked in my spot in front of Genesis. I usually arrived early enough that I was often the only person in the building for an hour or so unless someone was laboring or in another stage of childbirth. In that case, a nurse and either Cass or I would be there attending to them. But there was no patient there that Monday morning. No other nurse. The only car on the lot was mine…and my husband’s.

I knew when I finally got up the nerve to file for divorce and have him served, he’d find a way to see me since I had been ignoring his phone calls and had instructed my mom and my sister, Nicky, not to let him in our home. He hadn’t been desperate enough to show up at my job, but I suppose I’d forced his hand.

As I opened the door and climbed out, Robert hopped out of his car and approached mine. I closed the door and waited for him, wanting to get this confrontation over with before I began my day.

“Good morning, Robert,” I said, as pleasantly as I could manage.

He replied with, “What the hell is this, Renee?!” as he held up what I assumed were the divorce papers.

I opened my mouth to respond, but he cut me off.

“You gonna just do some shit like this without discussing it with me first?!”

“Robert, you’ve known since the day I left that I wanted a divorce. It’s been more than a year. Making it official is way past due.”

“It’s not only about what you want! What about what I want? I want my damn marriage back!”

“No, what you want is to stay married to me for some unknown reason while doing whatever with whoever, and that’s not happening. Not anymore.”

“That’s not what I want!”

“I think little Robert Jr. proves that’s a lie.”

“That was a mistake. A one-time thing. We can move past it if you’ll try.”

“Move past you having a baby by another woman? I don’t think so. Look, I need to get in here and get to work. There’s nothing to discuss; nothing you say will make me change my mind. Our marriage is over. Whatever we had ended a long time ago.”

“But I still love you, Nay. I do.”

“Yeah, I know,” I replied, more than a little sarcastically.

“And I’m sorry, baby. I really am. I love you and I need you. Please don’t do this!”

He sounded so sincere, I almost believed him. But since I didn’t believe him, I shook my head and walked past him.

“If you go through with this, you’ll regret it, Nay,” he warned, as I unlocked the door and stepped inside the building. “I promise you will.”



*****



Mondays were my days to catch up on paperwork. There were usually no patient appointments unless it was unavoidable, and unless I had a patient in active labor, I was normally able to stay holed up in my office in relative peace. Robert’s little visit and threat had ruined that for me. I did stay in my office, but got nothing done as I sat there staring into space, remembering how happy we had been all those years ago when we first got together.

I met him at a charity function. Back then, I was active in several organizations, including the local chapter of Mahogany Sisters in Motion or MSM—an organization that, at its core, sought to uplift and empower black women. They held a fundraising gala every year to the benefit of their community outreach program, complete with silent auctions and live entertainment. That year we were able to get Charlie Wilson. I was sitting at my table, rocking in my seat, when Robert, whom I hadn’t noticed, approached me and asked me to dance with him. He was shorter than me, an odd, ruddy shade of brown, and not particularly attractive, but his suit fit him well and he had a nice smile. So I accepted. By the end of the night, he’d left his table and took a seat at mine, engaging me in conversation about his job. Robert was smart, and that attracted me to him almost as much as the fact that he wasn’t handsome. My father was a handsome man, very handsome, with charm dripping off of him. He was the reason I didn’t trust handsome men. I dated more than a few. A couple even proposed to me, but I couldn’t shake the thoughts and memories of my mother being left alone in a big house with her three daughters. The look of sadness on her face as her handsome husband, my daddy, ran around with God knows who was unforgettable. I figured an unattractive man would be a safer bet.

I was wrong.

We’d only been together two years the first time I found out he’d cheated. He apologized, begged for forgiveness, promised he’d never do it again, and I made myself believe him because I loved him. I never told anyone about that first affair he had with some woman he met online, not even my sisters. The second time he cheated, it was with one of my patients—who was only six weeks post-partum and married—that he’d met in the waiting area at Genesis one day when he came to take me to lunch. I found out about them when she made an appointment and announced the affair to me while sitting in my office. That time, I was so utterly and completely humiliated that I told my sisters and even left him, but not for long. He apologized again, of course, and said he believed he was a sex addict because he loved me and loved having sex with me. He promised it wasn’t me. It was him. He didn’t know why he kept cheating and said he needed help. So he went into counseling and we both did couples therapy. At the time, we were six years into a marriage that was already a bit crippled. We had hobbled into ten years when the baby popped up.

I don’t know who the mother is or how Robert met her. I wouldn’t listen to his reasoning or his apologies this time. I loved him. But that just wasn’t enough anymore. Loving him and having loved him for more than ten years wasn’t nearly enough to erase the feeling of complete disrespect I felt when that woman dropped her baby, my husband’s baby, off on my doorstep. Yes, I was initially confused, maybe even torn. I had always wanted a baby, had tried and tried to conceive to no avail, and maybe for a second or two, I saw that little boy as the answer to my prayers. But the more I ruminated on things, the more I realized how badly he’d betrayed me, slept with that woman without using protection, possibly exposing me to all kinds of diseases. And I also came to realize his cheating wasn’t a pattern or something he had to fight to control, it was a way of life for him. It was simply who he was—a cheater. And it was who he would always be. So I left him again.

But this time I didn’t go back.

By lunch, I was starving despite my unproductivity. So I grabbed my purse and decided to head out to eat since I’d been cooped up in my office all morning, thinking maybe I’d call and see if Angie could meet me somewhere. I thought about taking the back door out to the parking lot but quickly decided against that. With Robert’s current state of mind, I wouldn’t put it past him to be out there lurking around, and since he’d actually gotten a little violent with my sister, Nicky, in the past, I wasn’t taking any chances on getting caught out there alone with him again.

I passed the front desk, tossing a smile and a wave at Janine, our receptionist, and as I pushed the glass door open, ran right into Lorenzo Higgs.





4





I dropped my purse and keys, probably would’ve dropped my cell phone, too, had it not been tucked away in the pocket of my lab jacket.

He quickly bent his towering frame over and picked my belongings up, offering them to me with a smile. “Here you go.”

“Uh…thank you. You-you startled me.”

His smile disappeared, replaced by a slight frown. “I did? I’m sorry.” He looked down at himself and back at me, his expression a bit softer. “Am I that ugly?”

My eyes widened. “Ugly? God, no! You’re nowhere near ugly.” Geez, that was a bit much. “Uh, I’ve just had a rough morning. Kind of out of sorts. I’m actually heading out to lunch now.”

The smile returned. “Really? Can I join you? My treat.”

“Uh…” I really didn’t know what to say. I didn’t know him, and I was still married. Was I even supposed to be having lunch with another man? Then again, it wasn’t like it was a date. But still… “I don’t think so.”

The smile left again, and I instantly missed it. “Oh, okay. Well, I was actually coming here to talk to you about my sister. When would be a good time to come back?”

It was my turn to frown. “Is she okay? The baby’s all right?”

“Yeah, yeah. I just wanna make sure she has everything she needs. I worry about her, you know?”

I smiled. “Well, she’s really not my patient. Cassandra is her midwife and—”

“I know, but I’m more comfortable with you.”

His eyes were glued to mine, and he looked so good in his slacks, blazer, and dress shirt. And my husband had ruined most of my day in person and in thought. I needed…something. A distraction? I don’t know, but that unidentified need made me say, “You know what? I think I’ll take you up on your offer after all. Where do you want to have lunch?”



*****



I drove my own vehicle, opting to follow him to the restaurant rather than take him up on his offer to ride with him in a cream-colored Cadillac Escalade driven by Rell.

Once we were seated at our table in Young’s, an overly-expensive steakhouse, I asked, “Is Rell going to join us?”

“No,” Lorenzo said, looking up from the menu and meeting my eyes.

“Oh, did he leave? He’s coming back for you?”

He shook his head. “No, he’s probably on the lot in the car.”

“Oh…”

He smiled. “Are you worried about him or something?”

“No, I just think it’s odd. I mean, what does he do when you’re somewhere for hours?”

“He stays with the car unless I instruct him otherwise.”

“I see.” I refocused my attention on the menu and fell silent.

“You don’t like that he stays with the car? He’s the driver. That’s what he’s supposed to do,” he said.

Without looking up, I replied with, “It’s none of my business. I don’t know him. I don’t know you. I was just curious.”

We dropped the conversation altogether when the waiter reappeared to take our orders. After he left, I asked, “What was it you wanted to talk about? Something to do with your sister?”

He stared at me, then stood up. “I’ll be right back.”

“Uh, okay.”

He left, and I kind of just sat there thinking to myself that this was the strangest lunch meeting or whatever it was I’d ever attended. Somewhere between five and ten minutes later, he returned with Rell.

“Do you want him to join us, or do you think he should have his own table?”

I peered up at Rell, who looked both surprised and a little uncomfortable, and it occurred to me that maybe he liked waiting outside. Maybe he wasn’t sociable. “I-I don’t know, Mr. Higgs. Ask him.”

He sighed lightly and turned to Rell. “You wanna eat with us, man?”

Rell shook his head and looked at me, shaking it again.

“You want your own table?”

He shook his head once more, rested a meaty hand on his boss’ shoulder, and gave me a little smile and a nod before leaving the restaurant. Lorenzo reclaimed his seat and took a sip of his water.

“You didn’t have to do that,” I said.

“I wasn’t going to have it said that I mistreat my employees. Rell is not the most social person. He likes being alone.”

“You could’ve just told me that, and anyway, like I said before, it’s none of my business.”

“Well, you kind of made it your business when you brought it up.”

I reclined in my chair a bit. “Mr. Higgs—”

“You can call me Lorenzo, but I’d actually prefer for you to call me Zo.”

“No.”

He leaned forward. “Why?”

“What did you want to talk to me about regarding your sister?”

“Nothing.”

“Nothing?”

“Nothing,” he repeated.

“But you said—”

“I know what I said. Look, I appreciate how you took care of her and the baby, and hell, how you helped me. We were all in a panic until you got there. Your presence calmed us and got my little sister through everything better than I could’ve imagined. I wanted to thank you, but I knew you wouldn’t allow me to do it properly otherwise.”

I scoffed. “So you tricked me into going to lunch with you?”

He shrugged. “Yeah. And I’m still going to make that donation.”

I shook my head and would’ve left had the waiter not shown up right at that moment with our food. I was hungry and he was paying, so I dug in without another word.

Halfway through our meal, he broke into our mutual silence, asking, “How is it?”

I looked up at him. He had this serious look on his face that made me believe he really cared about my answer. “Delicious. How’s yours?”

“Good, but I could do better.”

“You cook?”

“Yes. You should let me cook for you sometimes.”

Wait a minute. Was he flirting with me?

I placed my fork on the edge of my plate and stared at him. “I should?” Was I flirting back? Did I even still know how to flirt?

“Yes, whenever you want.”

“A date?”

He nodded.

“Mr. Higgs, do you—”

“Think you’re attractive, want to go out with you, want to get to know you better? Absolutely, positively, hell yes.”

My mouth hung open for a moment. He was so handsome, which in the past would’ve been strikes one through three for me, but I couldn’t use looks as criteria anymore since Robert had debunked my whole ugly-men-won’t-cheat theory. And besides, I was in no emotional or matrimonial state to even be considering dating this or any other man. Hell, I was still married. And I told him so.

His face fell, and I wished I could take the words back or make them untrue. “Oh…you’re not wearing a ring. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have—”

“We’re separated, have been for a while now, so no ring.”

“Separated?” His voice perked up a bit.

“And getting divorced. But right now, we’re still married.”

“I see.” He smiled. “Then you can let me cook for you.”

“I could, but I shouldn’t, so I won’t.”

He chuckled. “Doc, you’re not going to make this easy for me, are you?”

“I told you to stop calling me Doc.”

“If you want me to stop calling you that, then you’re going to have to give me something else to call you.”

“Call me Ms. Mattison, then.”

“That your married name?”

“Yes.”

“I’m not calling you that.”

“Why?”

“Because if I do, it’s only going to remind you of the fool that’s letting you get away from him, and he’s already making things hard enough for me. What’s your maiden name?”

“Strickland.”

“I’ll call you Ms. Strickland. I like the sound of that better anyway.”

I tried not to smile, but I did. “Fine.”

“But, you have to call me Zo.”

“You assume we’ll be calling each other anything after today.”

He lifted an eyebrow. “You think we won’t?”

“What if we never see each other again?”

“We will, Ms. Strickland. We definitely will.”





5





“Rell, what do you think of the nurse?”

Rell, whose wide body spilled from the driver’s seat onto the center console, just shrugged and gave me a little grunt.

I relaxed in the backseat and sighed. “She’s married.”

Rell glanced back at me with a surprised look on his face.

“But she’s getting a divorce.”

He shrugged again.

“She’s gorgeous, though, and so damn pretty. But she’s obviously got baggage.”

Nothing from Rell this time.

“But I like her, you know? She’s very intelligent. And caring. I mean, she was really concerned about you waiting in the car. And the way she was with Mel? She helped me, too, when I cut the baby’s cord. I told you that, right?”

He nodded as he pulled up to my gate, rolled the window down, and punched in the code.

“I don’t know. Maybe I should give her some time. Slow things down. I mean, I just met her. Maybe I’m moving too fast.”

Rell’s response was to park in front of my house and then slide out of his seat with a grunt. A few seconds later, he was opening the back door for me.

“Thanks, Rell,” I said, as I slowly walked up the steps and entered my house. I stood in the foyer for a moment, the silence taking my mood down a couple of notches. My mom and Mel had left and gone back to their house that morning after having spent the last couple of months of Mel’s pregnancy in my home, and I kind of missed them. The last thing I felt like doing was being in that big-ass house alone. I sighed as I headed toward my study, deciding I’d try to get some work done.





6





“So, how’s Ryan?” I asked, as I sifted through the nail polish on Nicky’s dresser. She must’ve had a hundred bottles neatly lined up next to about two hundred bottles of perfume.

“Good,” Angie said from her seat on the floor. “He’s supposed to be editing some videos.”

I glanced at her. “Supposed to be?”

She nodded. “Yeah, but I keep getting notifications that he’s posting stuff on social media. I swear he’s addicted.”

“Ryan has a huge following,” Nicky offered. “He’s got to keep his fans happy.”

“Ryan has a huge following because he’s Ryan, not because of the memes he posts,” Angie said.

“Yeah, but you have to admit, he shares some funny stuff,” Nicky said.

Angie rolled her eyes. “Your ass is just one of his groupies.”

“I sure am.”

Angie threw her nail file at Nicky who was digging through a drawer in her nightstand, presumably trying to find some CD her latest potential husband had given her.

“Why you gotta be so violent?” Nicky asked through a giggle.

“I’ma do more than throw stuff at you if you keep crushing on my husband.”

“First of all, I’m not crushing on Ryan. He’s my brother-in-law, and I love him as such. But shit, I ain’t blind. Your man is fine, big sis. Exceptionally fine. Hell, I do believe he’s the finest man—”

“Speaking of fine men,” I said, interrupting Nicky before an all-out bloodbath ensued, because although Nicky’s loose behind was playing, I knew Angie would lay her out about Ryan. “I went out on a date last week.”

“Aw, shit. With Robert’s homely ass?” Angie asked, in a tone coated in disgust.

“Fuck,” Nicky mumbled.

“No! Damn, can you two give me a little credit for having an ounce of sense?”

Silence.

I sighed and reclaimed my seat on the floor with a bottle of canary yellow nail polish in my hand. “Whatever.”

“I mean, look at your track record, Nay,” Angie offered. “How can you blame us for thinking you’d go back to him?”

“We’ve been separated for over a year. I filed for divorce. I’ve changed. What he did to me changed me, and I’m not just talking about the twenty-two pounds I lost. I’m not Robert Mattison’s fool anymore. Can’t you two see that?” I tried to keep the tremor out of my voice but failed. My voice almost always revealed my true emotions, and even on those rare occasions when I was able to control my voice, my face would undoubtedly give me away.

I blinked back tears, determined not to cry this time. I was so tired of crying…

“We’re sorry, Nay. We really are,” Angie said, with Nicky quickly agreeing. “You have changed. We know that.”

I nodded. “Do y’all wanna hear about the date or what?”

“I do, and I also wanna know how I missed the fact that you met a man and we live in the same house,” Nicky said.

I stared at her. “Have you gained invisibility or something? When are you ever here, Nicky?”

She heaved a sigh. “I’m here now, aren’t I?”

“And I’m telling you now. Goodness! Anyway…” I gave them the details on Lorenzo Higgs from my first encounter with him at his home to our lunch “date.”

“So he’s rich?” Nicky asked. It wasn’t surprising that she’d home in on that part.

“And fine? Are you sure?” Angie asked.

“Am I sure about what?” I questioned, confusion evident in my voice.

“About him being fine,” Angie clarified.

“Yes, why wouldn’t I be?”

“Um, well…I’ve seen Robert.”

“Robert is ugly, but you have to admit he has a decent body.”

“Uh, no, because unlike our baby sister, I don’t ogle other people’s men’s bodies.”

“Damn, I’m sorry! It ain’t like I’ma try to screw the man or something!” Nicky shouted.

“I ain’t worried about that. Your ass just needs to show some respect,” Angie countered.

“Are we ever gonna be able to have a sisters’ night without one of y’all acting a fool?” I asked.

They both fell silent and dropped their eyes.

Mama peeked her head in the open bedroom door, and said, “I’m heading out for a bit. Don’t wait up.” Before either of us could say a word in response, she’d disappeared.

“She got a new man?” Angie asked.

I shrugged. “Who knows? I don’t even know who that woman is half the time. I miss my original mother.”

“Daddy destroyed that one. She’s long gone,” Nicky said.

“Yeah, I know,” I agreed. “I don’t understand either of them. I mean, what are they doing? Neither of them has filed for divorce.”

“Wait a minute, it took you more than a year to file. They’ve got forty years of marriage together. That’s got to be hard to let go of,” Angie pointed out.

“But they’re not together. Just doesn’t make sense to me.”

“Look, you know I be playing with you about Ryan, right, Ang?” Nicky asked, shifting the conversation.

“Of course. Same here. I enjoy our little arguments,” Angie admitted.

“But he is fine,” Nicky muttered.

Angie threw a package of cotton balls at Nicky, and they both fell out laughing.

I rolled my eyes and shook my head.

“Anyway,” Angie said, “so this guy is fine and rich. And you say he’s nice, and it was pretty clever of him to trick you into that date. He must’ve been able to tell you wouldn’t have agreed otherwise.”

I tilted my head to the side. “How do you know I wouldn’t have?”

“Because I know you, Renee Elise Strickland-Mattison. You may be over Robert, but you’re not one to jump from one man to another. Plus, you’re technically still married, and you take your vows as seriously as I do. So I’m actually surprised your ass didn’t leave when you realized it was a date.”

“I started to…”

“But?”

“But you like him, don’t you?” Nicky asked.

I shrugged.

“Are you going to see him again?” Angie asked.

“He seems to think so.”

“Dang, why can’t I find a fine, rich man who’ll jump through hoops to get my attention?” Nicky whined.

“Because you’re a ho’,” Angie reminded her.

Nicky nodded slowly. “Oh, yeah…”





7





Around five the next morning, I was forced to climb out of bed because of a patient who was in active labor. I dragged myself into my bathroom for a quick shower, pulled on some scrubs, and was heading out when I ran into my mother in the hallway carrying a tray of food to her bedroom with a huge grin on her face. I eyed the tray—two plates of food, two coffee mugs. Someone had spent the night in my mother’s room.

“Hey, sweetie. Heading out early?” she chirped.

I nodded. “Uh, yeah. See you later, Mama.”

“Okay!”

She ducked into her room and slammed the door shut behind her. I wasn’t sure what bothered me more, the fact that she was sleeping with whoever while still married to my father and in his house, or the fact that she was having more sex than I was. Well, that was an understatement. I hadn’t had any sex since leaving Robert, and to be honest, I couldn’t remember the last time we did it before I left. It had reached the point where he barely touched me near the end. I suppose he was getting it somewhere else.

I was thirty-six, in good health, and well…horny. But there was absolutely nothing I could do about that. So I climbed in my car and tried my best to erase any thoughts of my mom’s active sex life and my lack thereof from my brain.

The patient, a forty-year-old mother of four, was already at the birthing center when I arrived. The nurse beat me there and already had her set up in a room. Since they weren’t strangers to the birthing process, she and her husband were laughing and joking with each other when I entered the room. The birth of their fifth child, a boy, was a pleasant event, but I found myself a little depressed afterwards because I wanted what they had, had held onto my marriage with my fingernails trying to achieve it. But in the end, I came to realize there would be no forever with Robert Mattison no matter how hard I wished for it.

I had Janine reschedule my appointments for the day, told her I wasn’t feeling well, and was opening my car door when I heard his voice.

“Early lunch or late breakfast?”

I had been fighting my tears for most of the morning, but for some reason, as I turned to face Lorenzo Higgs, I let them fall.

The smile he wore dissipated, as a look of concern took its place. “Hey, are you okay?” he asked softly.

I wiped my wet cheeks with the back of my hand. I could’ve screamed for crying over a marriage that ended long before I left. I needed to get myself together. “I was just heading home for the day,” I said, ignoring his question.

He stood there for a moment, his eyes trained on me, then stepped closer to me, and said, “That’s not what I asked you. Are you okay, Ms. Strickland?”

There he was again, a man I didn’t really know, standing before me when I was in the midst of needing something, someone. So I shook my head and let my tears flow. Bleary-eyed, I felt his hand clutch mine and followed him as he led me from my vehicle to his, I presumed. It wasn’t the SUV but a car he stopped at. I looked up and managed to smile at Rell, who held the door open for me. He gave me a small smile and a tiny nod in return. I climbed inside with Lorenzo scooting in beside me.

“Where-where are you taking me?” I finally thought to ask, as the car coasted out of Genesis’ parking lot.

“Have you eaten?” Lorenzo asked. He wasn’t touching me, but as he sat there beside me, something about his presence comforted me. And he smelled absolutely heavenly.

“No,” I admitted.

“Rell, take us to the house,” he said, his voice louder and more authoritative than it was when he addressed me. Then he lowered it again, “I’m gonna get you something to eat.”

“At your house?”

“Yes, is that okay?”

I should’ve said no. Should’ve been leery of this man and whatever his intentions were. But I wasn’t, so I said, “It’s okay.”



*****



I sat at his rustic kitchen table watching his back as he stood at the stove cooking something that made my empty stomach roil with anticipation. I eyed my surroundings, noted the expensive-looking stainless steel appliances including two stoves, the gorgeous stone countertops, the massive rack of pots and pans hanging over the island that still held a knife, cutting board, and the remnants of onions and bell peppers he’d chopped up for my omelet. He worked in silence save the music streaming from speakers that hung high on the walls in the corners of the room. I tried unsuccessfully not to look at him, at his strong arms and long legs and amazing ass in slacks. An apron covered his dress shirt.

I sat back and closed my eyes as the soothing jazz continued to fill the room, mingling with the aromas saturating the air. Something about him and being there felt right. I wasn’t sure why, but it just did, and the thought of how right it felt brought a tiny smile to my face that widened when he approached me, plate in hand, and said, “Bon Apétit.”

“Thank you.” I appraised my food and added, “This looks incredible!”

He grinned, revealing white teeth. “Thanks. You have a veggie omelet, some maple sausage, toast, and oh, what kind of juice would you like? I have cranberry, orange, apple, grape, grapefruit—”

“Water is fine. Thank you. You didn’t have to go to all this trouble for me.”

“No trouble at all. I like to cook.”

I smiled and dug in as he began cleaning the kitchen. “Aren’t you going to eat?” I asked.

“Already did,” he said, his back to me.

“Don’t you have someone who cleans for you?”

He nodded. “Three times a week. She’s off today.”

I had basically inhaled my food and was done by the time he sat across from me. “You enjoyed it?” he asked.

“Yes, it was delicious. Thank you again, Lorenzo.”

“Zo.”

“Baby steps.”

He chuckled. “Fair enough.”

“Lorenzo, what do you do for a living? I mean, how can you afford…all of this?”

“Hmm, if I answer that, you have to answer a question for me.”

I shrugged. “Okay.”

“I’m a writer.”

“A writer? What do you write? I mean, I love reading when I have the time, but I don’t recall ever hearing your name before, and to be able to afford this place and a driver, you’d have to be very successful.”

With raised eyebrows, he said, “I am.”

“Well, what have you written?”

“Uh-uh. I answered yours. My turn. Why were you crying?”

I was actually a little blindsided by that question, though I shouldn’t have been. “Um, there’s a lot going on in my life right now. I guess I just felt…overwhelmed.”

“With your divorce?”

“My turn again. What have you written?”

He smiled. “You catch on fast, Ms. Strickland. Give me a second. I’ll be right back.”

“All right…”

He left the table, returning a minute or so later with a book in one hand and a Sharpie in the other. Reclaiming his seat at the table, he opened the book, wrote something in it, and then slid it across the table to me. “My first book. A gift from me to you.”

I stared down at the cover image of a spent bullet lying on the pavement with smoke rising from it. Next to the bullet was someone’s booted foot splattered with bright red blood. The title read: Bulletproof. The author’s name splashed across the front in big, bold white letters was simply Street. I’d heard of Street, had seen many of my patients reading his books in the waiting area of Genesis, though I’d never read any of his work myself. My reading life ebbed and flowed in phases, and I had abandoned my street lit phase years ago. Back then, I was a good teenage girl living a boring life who found excitement within gritty tales spun by Donald Goines and Iceberg Slim. In college, I discovered Omar Tyree and Eric Jerome Dickey, eventually shifting to romances penned by the likes of Brenda Jackson and Francis Ray. Life interrupted my reading up until recently, when I began delving into Iyanla Vanzant’s catalog in search of some peace and clarity.

“You’re Street?” I finally asked.

He nodded. “Yes, and that’s two questions, which means I get to ask two.”

I gave him half of a smile as I slid a finger under the cover of the thick paperback book.

“Is your divorce overwhelming you?” he asked.

“You could say that. My husband doesn’t want one.”

“But you do?”

“I need one. My turn. How long have you been writing?”

“Five years. Why do you need a divorce?”

“Because.”

He smiled. “Guess it’s not my business yet.”

“It’ll never be your business, Lorenzo.”

He reclined in his chair. “And why is that?”

“Because this, whatever you’re trying to make happen? It can’t go any further.”

“Further than you eating my food, or further than us being friends?”

“Are we friends? I thought you were just some strange man who keeps showing up at my place of business.”

He chuckled. “Damn, okay. I’m trying to be your friend with hopes of becoming more than a friend.”

“All because I delivered your niece?”

“No, because I’m very, very attracted to you. The fact that you worked your magic to bring little Loren into the world makes you even more appealing to me, but my physical attraction to you is overwhelming.”

“Uh…” Sure, I had lost some weight, but I was still a big girl. I guessed he liked big girls.

“Are you attracted to me, Ms. Strickland?”

“Yes, but—”

“Good.”

“Do you have a girlfriend?”

“No.”

“But I have a husband.”

“Not for much longer.”

“You don’t know that. He might contest the divorce. And even if he doesn’t, it would be wrong for me to start seeing someone while I’m still his wife.”

“Then I’ll settle for friendship…for now.”

I sighed.

“You got something against friendship? It’s a sacred institution, you know.”

“I have something against what a friendship with you might look like to the outside world.”

He gave me a quizzical look. “What do you mean?”

“You’re an attractive man, Lorenzo. If I’m seen out with you and you look at me the way you’re looking at me now, do you think anyone is going to believe we’re just friends?”

“How am I looking at you, Ms. Strickland?”

“Like you want to take me upstairs and strip me naked.”

He stared at me. “That’s not at all what I want to do.”

“Oh…” Well, now I feel stupid.

“What I want to do is crawl under this table, take your pants off, and lick your clit until you scream my name and spill your juices all over my mouth.”

My eyes nearly popped out of my head as I clamped my thighs together.

“And then I want to pick you up, sit you on this table, and fuck you until you pass out. You won’t be naked, though. You can keep the shirt on and I’ll just slide your panties, which will undoubtedly be soaking wet by then, to the side.”

My mouth dropped open as the region between my legs began to pulsate.

“But…I guess that’ll have to wait until after you’re a free woman. Until then, anonymous, inconspicuous friendship.”

The only thought in my head was, shit!

He stood from the table and exited the kitchen, leaving me to sit there with a throbbing yoni.

Minutes later, I was back in his car, a huge Mercedes of some sort, with my book in hand. We rode in silence. I suppose he’d said all he needed to say, and in turn, had rendered me speechless. Back at Genesis, I thanked both him and Rell, who followed me to my car. And in minutes, I was on my way home.





8





Mama and Nicky weren’t home when I made it there, and I climbed the stairs to my room and fell right into bed. Exhausted and full from the goodness Lorenzo prepared for me, I was asleep within seconds of my head hitting the pillow.

I woke up hours later to a dark, quiet house, headed downstairs to find something to eat, and quickly realized that both Nicky and Mama were still gone. I sighed and headed to the refrigerator in hopes that at some point during the day, Mama had cooked. No such luck. So I ended up digging one of Nicky’s frozen pizzas out of the freezer and sticking it in the oven.

I headed into the living room, turned on the TV, and sat there flipping through the channels for a minute or two before my mind shifted to Lorenzo’s book for some reason. I’d left it in my car and didn’t really want to walk outside to get it, but I did want to get it. So, barefoot and in my most comfortable, but unattractive, pair of sweats and a t-shirt, I tipped out to my car and retrieved Bulletproof.

As I waited for the last five minutes to tick off the pizza’s timer, I opened the thick book and read what he’d scrawled on the cover page:

For Doc. -Zo

Then I flipped to the prologue and read the opening lines:

There’s a rhythm to every street, every hood. It is similar to a movie’s soundtrack, or the opening strains of a symphony. The rhythm and the melody set the mood for the day, week, or month ahead, often warning the habitants, both unimpeachable and unscrupulous, of what’s to come. On the morning that Monty “Money” Quarles first killed a man, the streets were playing a lullaby, an innocent refrain paced at an easy, languid tempo. The streets failed to warn Money of what was to come that day, that before the sun set, the fifteen-year-old’s innocence, the essence of which was cocooned in that lullaby, would splinter, shatter, and leave in its wake an uncontained, all-consuming monster.

After reading that, my eyes were glued to that book to the point that I almost burned my pizza. I read at the kitchen table, in the living room, and in bed, riveted by the gritty tale of a young man seeking revenge for the murder of his drug-addicted mother, who becomes a heartless killer, and eventually, a sadistic drug kingpin.

Lorenzo could write his ass off. The evidence of which was me reading the book in its entirety that night, finally flipping to the last page around two the next morning as if I didn’t have to be at work in a few hours. I read the last sentence and shook my head, thinking to myself, wow. That was probably one of the best books I’d read…ever. His style of writing was addictive, too, because I found myself hoping his bibliography would be somewhere on the final pages of the book. Instead, wedged between a page of acknowledgements and a picture of the handsome author, was a check made out to the Genesis Scholarship Fund in the amount of ten thousand dollars. And on the memo line was a phone number.



*****



At work the next morning, I found it hard to concentrate and was glad I had no patients to see. It was Wednesday, and I’d planned to spend the day tying up paperwork loose ends before taking off the next day to prepare for a weekend trip to Atlanta for an annual midwifery conference I dreaded attending. Cass felt these conferences were important for us to keep up with new trends, and since she’d attended the previous year, it was my turn to be tortured.

I’d brought the book with me and sat it on my desk as a reminder to call and thank Lorenzo for his donation, but I was afraid to call him because of the feelings he evoked and the fact that he’d made it clear he was attracted to me. Plus, there were some steamy, grimy, nasty sex scenes in Bulletproof that caused me to have to change my underwear—twice. If he could create that kind of sensuality on paper, what could he do in real life?

Fuck you until you pass out.

“Oh, yeah, that’s right,” I actually said out loud. I was losing it, sitting there having a conversation with myself.

Finally, around 10:00 AM, I called the number on the check, hoping it wouldn’t send me to some office.

“Hello?”

His voice made my stomach quiver, and I took back my wish not to get an office.

“Hello?” he repeated.

I should hang up. “Hello, Mr.—Lorenzo?”

“Doc?”

I didn’t bother to correct him this time, because truthfully, it turned me on when he called me that. “Yes, um, I want to thank you for your donation. That was really generous of you.”

“You can thank me by having dinner with me tonight. My place, seven, I’ll cook.”

I held the phone.

“It’s just dinner, a friendly dinner.”

“What about all that stuff you said yesterday?”

“About the things I want to do to you? Oh, that still stands, but if you recall the rest of my statement, I said that’ll have to wait until you’re a free woman. Are you a free woman?”

“No, not yet.”

“Hmm, then unfortunately, just dinner. Should I send Rell for you? What’s your address?”

“I’m not giving you my address, and I haven’t accepted your invitation.”

“Okay…will you have dinner with me, Ms. Strickland?”

I ran my fingers over the cover of Bulletproof. “I enjoyed your book.”

“Good. Wanna discuss it tonight?”

I hesitated and finally said, “Seven? I’ll drive myself.”

“Can’t wait.”

An hour later, flowers—a huge bouquet of pale purple orchids—were delivered to me by Janine.

“Robert’s still trying to get you back, huh?” she asked, as she stood in front of my desk holding the vase. “Want me to get rid of them for you? One of Cassandra’s patients just delivered about twenty minutes ago. I could give them to her, say they’re from the birthing center?”

I shook my head as I stepped around the desk and took the flowers from her. “I’ll take care of them.” I set the vase on my desk and reclaimed my seat, eying the flowers as Janine remained glued to the floor.

I looked up at her. “Anything else?”

“No, I mean, you seem so calm. You’re not upset about the flowers?”

I shook my head, opened my mouth to respond, but was interrupted by the buzzing of my cell phone. Glancing at the screen, I recognized the unsaved number as one I’d dialed earlier.

“Uh, Janine, I need to take this.”

She lifted her eyebrows. “Oh, okay. I’ll be at my desk if you need me.”

I shook my head again after she closed the door behind her. I’d known Janine for years and loved her to death, but she was the nosiest woman in the world!

It took me so long to get rid of her, I missed Lorenzo’s call. When I called him back, he answered with, “You get the flowers, Doc?”

I smiled. I didn’t need to read the card to know they weren’t from Robert. He never would’ve sent me something as expensive as orchids.

“Yes, thank you. But what are they for?”

“You didn’t read the card?”

“Didn’t get a chance to. You called as they were being delivered to me.”

“My bad. You like them?”

“I do. They’re beautiful.”

“I’m glad you like them. Read the card. See you tonight.”

“See you tonight.”

After we ended the call, I pulled the card from its holder within the bundle of flowers and smiled as I read the words scrawled in rather lovely handwriting that matched the script on the check:

Beauty for a beauty. Looking forward to seeing you tonight. – Zo





9





The foremost thought in my mind as I pulled up to the gate outside Lorenzo’s house was that I shouldn’t have been there. I had no business going to this man’s house to have dinner or hang wallpaper or cut the lawn or anything else, because I was married. I was married, albeit unhappily, in the middle of a divorce married, but married nonetheless. And that coupled with the fact that Lorenzo made all my femininity awaken when I was around him meant I should leave. Not hit the button on the intercom and announce myself or pull my car in front of his house and let Rell open my door like I just had. And I certainly shouldn’t have left work early and gone shopping and bought the knee-length, red dress I was wearing, because when I picked it out, I did so with the intention of looking sexy. I shouldn’t have wanted to look sexy for Lorenzo.

But I did.

As I sat nervously in his living room, waiting for him, I told myself for the one-hundredth time to leave. Not that I thought I’d listen. As badly as I wanted to do the right thing and steer clear of this man, I couldn’t. I was drawn to him, and I wished I knew why so I could stop feeling like I was feeling.

“Hey, I’m sorry it took me so long to get down here, but I wanted to wash up so I wouldn’t be smelling like food.”

My eyes sauntered over his tall, imposing, deliciously sexy frame, and I gulped. He wore white slacks, a white shirt, and was barefoot, his heady cologne drifting into the room with him, causing me to close my eyes and inhale deeply.

“Doc?”

At that moment, I realized he was waiting for me to respond to what he’d said. “It’s all right,” I muttered, as I eased my eyes open and settled them on him again.

He smiled, taking a seat on a comfortable-looking sofa across from the chair I occupied. “Good. You want a drink or you want to head on to the dining room? Everything’s ready if you are.”

I shrugged. “We can eat. What are we having?”

He stood and reached for my hand. “You’ll see.”



*****



We had grilled steaks, baked potatoes, and a scrumptious raspberry and baby spinach salad. The food was so good, I didn’t utter a word during the entire meal until he finally asked, “How is everything?”

“It’s so good! You cook, you write, is there anything you can’t do?”

He gave me a lopsided grin. “I don’t think so.”

“Oh, let me add that you’re also gracious and humble.”

He chuckled. “And handsome. Don’t forget handsome.”

I shook my head. “Seriously, where’d you learn to cook like this?”

He took a sip of his water and fixed his eyes on me. “It’s a hobby I picked up a few years back. It’s kind of therapeutic for me.”

“I see, and how’d you learn to write so well?”

He shrugged. “God-given talent, I guess. Hey, you ready for dessert?”

“Dessert?”

“Yeah, let me go get it.”

“Wait, do you have coffee?”

“I can make some.”

“How about we have some coffee and talk about your book for a bit, give me time to make room for dessert?”

He smiled again. “Okay, Doc. You got it.”





“So you really liked it?”

I nodded. “I loved it! Read the entire thing last night. Couldn’t put it down.”

He grinned. “Phew. I’m glad. I was worried you’d hate it.”

“Why would I? It’s a great book.”

“Because, you know, you’re all proper and bougie and high class and stuff.”

I laughed. “I work, and I work hard. Every day. High class people generally don’t have to work as hard as I do.”

He shrugged. “If you say so, but I can tell you’ve lived a privileged life. Rich parents. Good schools. You’re articulate, very intelligent, possess an impeccable moral compass to be true to a man you’re divorcing. You definitely ain’t from the streets.”

I scoffed. “All that from a man who lives in a mansion complete with a security gate and a driver? Really?”

He set his coffee on the table beside his chair. “I worked my way up to this. No school, no rich parents, only this,” he said, pointing to his head. “And this.” He rested his hand on his chest over his heart. “You really want to know why I can write so well? Because I know that life better than you could ever imagine.”

I frowned slightly. “You sold drugs?”

He nodded.

I leaned forward. “You killed people?”

He stared at me for a moment as if making some internal decision, then finally said, “No.”

“Are you lying?”

“About what? Selling drugs or killing people?”

“Either—both.”

A smile slowly spread across his face. “Why? I mean, does it matter? Will it impact our…friendship?”

I sighed. “Why do you say that word like that?”

“What word?”

“Friendship. You say it like it’s a joke.”

“It is if you really think that’s all we share.”

I leaned my neck back. “Uh, we haven’t shared anything but light conversation and a couple of meals.”

“And an attraction that makes you extremely uncomfortable.”

I folded my hands in my lap. “Answer my question. Were you telling the truth?”

He nodded. “I was. But let’s say I did kill someone, what would that mean for us? Would you hold it against me?”

“I don’t know. I’ve never known anyone who killed someone before.”

“But you’ve known drug dealers?”

“I smoked a little weed in college, so yeah, I knew a couple of drug dealers.”

His mouth dropped open.

I rolled my eyes. “Wow, you really thought I was that innocent?”

“Yeah, I really did. Shit, I’m shocked.”

“And I’m shocked you’d prejudge me like that.”

“I’m merely going off of what I see and discern in you.”

We sat in silence for a minute or two and then he stood, and said, “Ready for dessert? Strawberry pound cake.”

My eyebrows flew up as I stood from my seat. “Yeah, let me help you.”





“If you point me to a knife, I’ll cut it,” I said, once we were in his kitchen.

“In the block on the counter to your left,” he said from somewhere behind me. His voice was soft, and I wanted to turn and look at him but was honestly afraid to.

“Did you make this?” I asked, as I sank the knife into the moist cake.

“No, my mom brought it over this morning. It’s her specialty.” He was still behind me, but I could tell he’d moved closer.

“Plates?”

He stepped beside me, opened a cabinet, and pulled out two saucers, setting them on the counter. I could feel his eyes on me as I placed the heavy slices of cake on the plates and licked the crumbed from my fingers.

“You gonna let me taste some, too?” he asked, in a voice so husky it took me aback.

My head snapped into his direction to find his eyes focused on mine. I glanced around, and said, “Uh, where are the forks?”

“Use your fingers.”

For some reason, those three words sounded obscene spilling from his lips. I shook my head, no.

He tilted his head to the side. “Why?”

Before I could answer, he’d broken a tiny piece of cake off one of the slices and brought it to my mouth. I hesitantly opened my mouth to accept it, a position he took advantage of by quickly leaning in and covering it with his, sliding his tongue inside. I moaned as we shared the cake and each other’s tongues. It all felt so…wrong in a good way. His hands gripped my waist as our kiss became more tongue than cake. Finally, I snapped out of whatever trance I was in and broke away from him. “Wait, stop,” I managed to say through heaving breaths.

“Why?” he asked, as he licked his lips.

“You know why,” I nearly whined.

“Okay, what if you don’t do anything, but I do? Will that be cheating?”

“What? What are you talking about?”

He moved closer, resting his hand gently on my neck and leaning in to press a kiss to my lips. “I’m talking about you keeping your integrity while I get to know you better.”

“H-how?”

He slid a hand down my thigh, then up my dress.

I sucked in a breath as my eyes darted around the kitchen. “Where’s Rell?”

As he hooked his finger in the waist of my panties, he said, “He won’t bother us,” and then fell to his knees. He pulled my panties down to my ankles and slid his hand between my thighs, urging me to open my legs.

“Lorenzo…”

“Open your legs, Doc.”

There was nothing nice or cordial about the way he said it. It wasn’t a request. It was a command laced with the insinuation that I’d be punished if I didn’t obey him, and something about that turned me on. So, I kept my legs together, and softly said, “Make me.”

I almost wanted to search the room to see who’d said that. Surely, not me.

“You think I can’t?” he asked, his face so close to my core that I felt the heat of his breath when he spoke.

“Show me you can.”

A second later, he was back on his feet, his mouth covering mine, both hands gripping my breasts through the fabric of my dress. He kissed me deeply, then backed away. “You like to play games, Doc?”

“I don’t know,” I said, wishing he’d stop talking and kiss me again.

“Well, I love to play games, because I always win.”

“Do you really?” I asked, attempting to move closer to him to kiss him.

He shook his head. “Open your legs, Doc.”

“I thought you were going to make me.”

His eyes flickered and he fell to his knees again, lifting my dress and attaching his mouth to my mound, licking and sucking on the hairless flesh.

I managed to kick my panties off and quickly opened my legs for him, because as good as his mouth felt on the outside of me, I was certain it would feel even better lavishing my sensitive spots.

“That’s right, Doc. There you go.” He left me, grabbed a chair from the table, turned it around, and said, “Sit down.”

I hesitated, staring at him. “What are you going to do if I sit down?”

“Sit down and find out.”

I slowly walked the few paces to the chair and sat in it. He was on his knees again in seconds, his hand under my dress, between my thighs, touching me there. Closing my eyes, I tried to summon the strength to stop him as he removed his hand, grabbed my hips, and pulled me to the edge of the chair. I opened my eyes in time to see him bury his face in my core, felt my legs shake as his tongue found my thrumming clit. I gasped, grabbed his head, and whimpered his name.

He lifted his head and looked up at me. “You like that, Doc?”

His tongue slid across my clit at the same time as he plunged two fingers inside of me.

“Yes,” I whined.

“Mmm,” he moaned.

He kept licking and stroking, and before long, I felt it coming and tried to brace myself before shouting, “Ooooooooooh!”

I was a pile of mush, still feeling the waves of the orgasm and aware of the pooling wetness between my legs when Lorenzo stood, grabbed my hand, and yanked me up on my weak legs, pulling me into a hungry kiss that made my mind fragment and scatter. I kissed him back, tasting myself on his mouth as he took my hand and placed it on his crotch. I clutched his erection through his pants and moaned into his mouth. He was throbbing in my hand, and it felt so…good, made me feel powerful.

Then he removed his mouth from mine. “You want it?” he asked. “You want it, Doc?”

I nodded, my breathing rough and jagged.

“What about your husband?”

I snatched my hand away from him and frowned. It was as if him saying those words ripped me from whatever fantasy world I’d slipped into. “I-I should go. What am I doing?” I mumbled.

“Doc, I—”

“No, I need to go,” I said, scurrying from the kitchen, stumbling a little as I headed into his living room to get my purse, my discarded panties forgotten.

He followed me all the way to the front door, and said, “You don’t have to go.” He sounded extremely disappointed.

“Yes, I do. I…thank you for dinner.”

He lifted an eyebrow. “Just dinner?”

Heat swarmed my cheeks. “Uh…”

He smiled as he leaned in and gently kissed my cheek. The scent of my essence hit my nose, reminding me of why I needed to get out of there. “It’s all right,” he said. “I’ll call you tomorrow.”

I nodded and breathed a sigh of relief when he opened the door for me. “Okay.”





10





What was wrong with me to bring up her damn husband when I did? When she was putty in my hands, ready for me, willing to give herself to me? Shit, I had to have lost my whole mind! Then again, would I really have wanted to take advantage of her at a time of weakness and risk her backing completely away from me as a result? No.

I sighed as I fell into the chair behind my desk and stared at the screen of my laptop, the empty screen of my laptop. I was supposed to be writing, but the only words in my mind comprised a detailed description of Doc—Ms. Strickland. Big round expressive eyes, perfectly plush, full lips that I could confirm were exceptionally soft, nice nose, smooth chocolaty brown skin, a dimple in her right cheek that popped up both when she smiled and when she bit her lip in concentration, and her body? Long, thick legs leading up to thicker thighs, nice ass, humongous breasts. My whole damn body reacted to the mere memory of her body, her taste, her scent…

My eyes fell on the panties sitting on my desk as I slid my hand to my crotch and glanced at my cell phone. I pressed a button to check the time on the lock screen. 7:00 AM. Was it too early to call her? Shit, it was. It definitely was. I tended to jump out of bed early to get my day started, a morning person since forever. But she was probably getting ready for work or already at work or at someone’s house working her magic.

I rubbed my forehead, resting my elbows on my desk before reaching over and sliding my finger across the screen of my phone, selecting her number from my contacts, and activating the speakerphone.

“Hello?” Her voice sounded husky, as if I’d interrupted her sleep.

“Did I wake you, Doc?”

“No…I’ve been up for a while.”

“Working?”

“No, thinking.”

“About us?”

“Actually, yes.”

I leaned forward. “Did you come to a conclusion?”

“Yes.”

Silence.

Shit, this was not going to be good. “And?”

“I can’t see you anymore. No lunches, no dinners, no more you popping up at Genesis. I’ve got to get myself and my life together before I can even think about dating anyone.”

I held the phone, suddenly hit with a feeling of exhaustion. I’d only known this woman for maybe a week, was attracted to her, wanted her badly, but I had to wonder if there was more to her apprehension than just trying not to break her vows. There had to be, because she was divorcing the man, and I was sure she had good reason to divorce him. She definitely wasn’t the impulsive type.

“Why?” I asked, trying not to sound exasperated.

“Because I can’t seem to control myself around you. What we did last night was wrong.”

“You didn’t do anything. I did, and I don’t see a damn thing wrong with it. Are you going to tell me it didn’t feel good or right?”

“I’m telling you it doesn’t matter how it felt. It was wrong.”

“Okay, okay, what if I promise not to do something like that again?”

“I’ll want you to.”

My dick, which had calmed down, sprang to attention again. “You want me, Doc?”

“I just said I did, but—”

“I could make you feel so good if you let me…”

“Lorenzo—”

“So no more dates, right?”

“R-right.”

“No phone calls, either? No flowers?”

“No, not while I’m still married.”

I sighed and decided maybe I needed to play this from a different angle. “Okay.”

“Okay?” She sounded surprised.

“Yeah, it’s cool. Um, I guess that means friendship is out altogether, so you can just call me whenever your situation changes.”

She held the phone.

“So, um…goodbye, Doc.”

“Goodbye,” she said softly.

My phone beeped as the call ended, and I closed the curtains on the window behind my desk and did something about my hard dick.





I wasn’t exactly sure how I felt when I ended the call. Well, that’s not entirely true. I felt like shit, for lack of a better word. Complete shit. As I sat on the side of my bed with my phone in my hand, all I could do was wonder what had just happened and why I was so utterly floored by it. I hadn’t known Lorenzo long at all, but I thought I had a bead on who he was as a man—considerate, fine, and persistent. Had I been wrong about him, because he’d just given up on me. He gave up so quickly it made my head spin.

I jumped a little when my mother appeared in my bedroom doorway, and said, “Nay, I’m heading down to cook breakfast if you want any.”

“Uh…okay. Thanks. Is it just you and me this morning?”

She nodded. “Yeah, haven’t seen Nicky in a couple of days. I think she’s been spending a lot of time with what’s his name…um, Travis?”

I shrugged. “I stopped trying to remember her boyfriends’ names when she was in high school.”

Mama chuckled. “Well, this one is a civil rights lawyer, and that impressed me enough to at least try to remember.”

“Really? Wow, and she’s actually been seeing him for a month or so now. Maybe she finally found the one.”

Mama sighed. “Maybe…”

“So, you don’t have any company this morning, Mama?” I asked, feeling completely awkward. I would never, ever get used to my mother dating men other than my father.

She leaned against the door facing. “No, I don’t.”

“Okay.”

Mama walked into my room and sat beside me on the bed. “My dating other men really bothers you, doesn’t it?”

I sighed. “I guess I just don’t understand how you can do it after all those years of being true to Daddy. I mean, I know you two are separated, but you’re still married. The guilt would eat me up.” The guilt is eating me up right now.

Mama stared at the floor and then fixed her eyes on me. “Renee, I love your daddy. I do, but I just got to a place where I had to figure out how to love myself again. I had to find some joy in this messed-up situation.”

“Why don’t you just divorce him, then?”

She shook her head and raised her eyebrows. “I don’t know, sweetie. I guess I don’t want to.”

“I don’t understand.”

“Well, we’re talking about love here. There’s nothing more complicated than love. For instance, you still love Robert, right?”

I grimaced a little. “I think I love what we had years ago when we first got together. But now, I can honestly say I don’t love him anymore. But…”

“What?”

“Mama…I met someone, but being with him, even just talking on the phone with him feels like cheating, even though I know my marriage has been over for a long time. Shoot, it was over long before I left Robert. I’m crazy for feeling this way, right?”

She smiled. “No, you’re not crazy. You’re just my Renee, the one who always tries to do the right thing. It’s just who you are.”

I returned her smile.

“So you’ve met someone? You like him?”

“We really just met, but yes, I like him a lot. More than I probably should.”

“And he likes you?”

“I thought he did.”

“Thought?”

“Well…I talked to him this morning, told him I thought it best that we stay away from each other until after my divorce was finalized, and he said okay.”

“Let me guess. You wanted him to beg, plead, insist on continuing to see you?”

“I don’t even know what I wanted him to do other than not give up on me.”

“So he said he was giving up on you?”

“No, he told me to call him when my situation, meaning my marital status, changes.”

“Hmm, well, if this man can have you sitting in here holding your phone looking perplexed, then I advise you to do whatever you can to change your situation ASAP.”





11





I was actually kind of glad to be in Atlanta, despite the fact I hated these conferences since I was of the mind that I could learn most of what the various panelists attempted to convey to me from a YouTube video or a journal article. I would make the most of my time away from home, try to pay attention to the presenters, gather as much swag as I could, and just rest. Maybe being away would ease my mind a bit and give it a vacation from the ever-present woes of a divorce my husband was bucking against, wayward parents, and a gorgeous street lit author who made my vagina purr at the mere thought of him, despite the fact I was still lawfully wed and he’d admitted to being a former drug dealer.

I obviously needed a break from my normal reality, so I planned to skip this, the first day of the conference, and head to the event center across the street for the evening mixer, which was really just a gathering that gave attendees an excuse to get shamelessly inebriated.

I’d settled into the sinfully comfortable bed in my room when my phone rang. Anxiety flooded me when I saw my lawyer’s name flash on the screen.

“Hello?” I answered pensively, afraid of whatever she might have to tell me.

“Hey, Renee? It’s Danielle. How are you today?”

I’d known Danielle Prince for years, since we both served on the board of a non-profit together for a couple of years. She was friendly, a very sweet person, and a fierce litigator, but the last thing I wanted or needed was to make small talk with her.

Nevertheless, I said, “I’m good. In Atlanta for a conference.”

“Oh? When will you be back?”

“Monday morning.”

“Good, then we won’t have to reschedule.”

My heart jumped in my chest. “Reschedule? Reschedule what?”

“Well, I heard from your husband’s attorney today. He says Robert is eager to hammer out the terms of the divorce and wants to meet with us face to face.”

I sat up on the side of the bed. “He did?”

“Yes. I’ve set up a meeting here in my office on Tuesday morning. Can you swing that?”

“Yes, sure.” I sighed and smiled. “Wow, I just can’t believe he’s not contesting it.”

“Well, let’s see what his terms are before we get too excited.”

“Okay, thanks so much, Danielle.”

“Of course.”

I hung up and fell back onto the bed, gazing up at the ceiling with this huge goofy grin on my face. Maybe, just maybe, my life was taking a turn for the better. Maybe I’d be able to move on…with Lorenzo.

Lorenzo, who I barely knew.

I sighed again. Or maybe, Renee, you should just take some time to get your mind right.

Yeah, I definitely needed to do that.



*****



I got sloppy-ass drunk at the mixer, had to be escorted back to my room by a couple of fellow attendees whose names I couldn’t remember the next morning. And I don’t even drink like that, but I suppose the complexities of my life made the liquor flowing liberally around the room very appealing to my palate.

The next morning, I woke up with a throbbing headache that made the least bit of movement painful. The room spun as I reached for my purse on the floor beside the bed and dug a bottle of pain reliever capsules out.

I had to sit on the side of the bed for a couple of minutes to steady my dizzy head before I shuffled to the bathroom, filled my mouth with water directly from the faucet, and downed two of the pills. Looking in the mirror, I took in my appearance. I’d crawled into bed wearing my blouse and slacks, which were both now wrinkled to be damned, and hadn’t had the presence of mind to wrap up my head, so my freshly-permed hair gave me the appearance of a confused bird. I released a breath as I made my way back to the bed where I planned to stay until the afternoon sessions began. Maybe that would give me enough time to get myself together and possibly look marginally presentable.

And then a text came through: Hey, you okay? You sounded a little out of it last night.

It was from Lorenzo.

I popped up in the bed. Last night? Did I talk to him last night?

I went to my call log, and to my utter horror, found that I had called Lorenzo at precisely 2:26 AM that morning. I dropped the phone on the bed and clamped my hands over my mouth. I had no recollection of the call. Didn’t even have the slightest idea what time I got back to my room or…shit, what did I say to him?

I groaned, and just as I was trying to formulate a plan to disappear from the face of the earth, a call came through. It was Angie. Relief spread over me, because had it been Lorenzo, there was no way I was answering.

“Hello?” I muttered into the phone.

“Hey! What are you up to? Wanna do lunch?”

“Uh…I’m in Atlanta at a conference. Did I forget to tell you I was leaving town?”

“Girl, you probably told me. Things are so crazy with all the traveling me and Ryan have been doing. Oh! Did I tell you we’re filming another commercial next weekend?”

My eyes widened. “No, really? That’s great, Angie!”

“Yeah, it’s for Shea Heaven’s new curl custard.”

“Wow! I am so proud of you two! And I’m so happy for you. Love, success, you’ve got it all, sis.”

“Yeah…what’s going on, Nay? You don’t sound exactly right.”

“Nothing. I mean, I’m fighting a mean hangover, but other than that, I’m fine.”

“I still cannot believe all the partying you say goes on at those conferences.”

“Girl, it’s ridiculous. Last night’s party was sponsored by a company that sells birth pools. They actually had a huge birth pool full of tequila sitting in the middle of the room for a game of bobbing for pacifiers. Some sixty-year-old midwife from Idaho won.”

Angela screamed laughing into the phone. “You’re lying!”

“I wish I was.”

“Is that it? There’s nothing else going on with you?”

I hesitated.

“What is it?”

I told her about my scheduled meeting with Robert and his lawyer.

“Good!” she replied. “I mean, that is good, right? You still want the divorce?”

“Yes, of course I do! But um…have you ever drunk-dialed anyone?”

“Oh, shit! Did you drunk-dial Robert and curse him out?”

“No…”

“Okay, who’d you drunk-dial? Mama, Daddy, Nicky, Janine—”

“Lorenzo.”

“Uh, who the hell is Lorenzo?”

“The guy I told you about. The one I had lunch with.”

“You have his number?”

“Yeah, I kind of had a couple of dates with him and he—” I shook my head, too embarrassed to tell the rest.

“You screwed him?!”

“No, no, I…he went down on me.”

“Awwwww, shit! Was it good? I bet it was!”

“Does it matter? I mean, the point is it shouldn’t have happened at all since I’m still married.”

“So it was good, huh?”

I blew out a frustrated breath. “Yes! It was good, terrific, excellent, whatever! But I feel horrible about it.”

“Okay, okay, I can see why you’d be upset, but shit, did you not want him to do it? I mean, did he force himself on you?”

“No, no. I wanted it. Hell, I still want it.”

“But you’re feeling all guilty about it, huh?”

“Yeah…I know I’m not perfect. I’m not all virginal or anything. Robert wasn’t my first, and I’m not even gonna pretend I’m gonna wait until I get married again before having sex, because my coochie feels like it’s going to explode every time I even look at Lorenzo Higgs, but married or not, I’m not a cheater, never have been. Robert’s the cheater.”

“Girl, your marriage was over the second Robert first cheated on you. So technically, you didn’t cheat.”

“Angie…”

“And if you really feel that bad about it, don’t let it happen again.”

“I know. I actually cut things off with him.”

“But you drunk-dialed him?”

“Yeah, and I have no idea what I said.”

“Ask him.”

“I’m too embarrassed to—wait, I got a text. Might be from him.” I checked my phone, and said, “It’s from Redbox.”

“Free code? Send it to me.”

“I will.”

“And call the man. Hell, if he gave you a good orgasm, you should have his ass on speed dial.”

“That sounds like something Nicky would say.”

Angie giggled. “Shit, it does, doesn’t it?”

I sighed. “Bye, Angie.”

“Love you, bye.”





12





My last relationship ended six months before I met Ms. Strickland. I met my ex during a book tour. She was a fan of mine who possessed all the attributes I loved in a woman—a juicy, thick body and a brilliant mind. She was an entrepreneur, a boss, and nothing turned me on more than a woman with power and a brain. We were good in our little long-distance relationship for a while, but then she tried to exert her power over me. See, I like women with power, but I don’t like women who try to run me. She made that mistake, and I broke it off.

But Doc? Shit, she’d done nothing but call the shots from the beginning of whatever this was we were doing. And hell if I didn’t like it. Every time she said no, my dick got a little harder. And when she called me last night saying all that shit? I damn near lost it.

“Heeeeeeey, SSSShhzo! That’s what you want me to call you, right? Zzzzzzzzo?” she slurred.

“Yeah…Doc? You okay?”

“Yeah! Look, you—uuuuuummmm, you need to know right now that when you ate my pusshy, that-that-that…shit, I can’t think…”

I chuckled. “You liked it?”

“Hellllll, yeah! I want you tttttto do that again, mmkay?”

“Okay, when?”

“Right nooooow! Sheeeeiiiit! And call me doc while you’re eating it, cuzzz it really turns me on when you call me that. Wait…can you talk while you eat pussy?”

I smiled. “I can try. Where are you?”

“Um…the Franklin Inn or ssssomething like that. On the, hell, can’t you trace this call? My pussy is steaming fucking hot right now. It might burn your tongue! Haaaaaa!”

My mouth dropped open. Her ass was as drunk as a skunk. No way she would’ve used those words otherwise. “Doc, are you somewhere safe? You inside?”

“Mm-hmmmm. In my room waiting for you to come eat me like I’m a damn all-you-can-eat buffet!”

“Okay, do me a favor. Lie down in the bed.”

“I’m already lying down and I got my legs open but somebody put these clothes on me and I forgot how to take them off. Will you help me?” She sounded like she was about to cry.

“Yeah, baby. I got you. Just lay back and relax. I’ll be there soon.”

“Okay. I can’t wwwwait! Thank you for doing this. I really appreciate you for eating it for me. You do such a good job, Zo.”

“All right. Hang up and just rest your eyes until I get there.”

She didn’t hang up, and I held the phone until I heard her begin to softly snore. I could hear a TV on in the background so I was sure she was inside somewhere, and that alleviated some of my worry, but I didn’t get any sleep. And now I sat in my bedroom staring at my phone, waiting for a reply to my text. The longer she took, the more anxious I grew…until finally, a response.

Her: Hey, did we talk last night? The entire evening is a blur for me.

Me: You called me. I think you were drunk?

Her: Oh no! I’m so sorry! What did I say?

Me: Nothing to be embarrassed about. Couldn’t make most of it out.

Her: Good. I won’t let that happen again.

Me: It’s all right. I thought you were calling to tell me you were a free woman.

Her…

Her…

Her: No. Sorry.

Me: Oh well. You take care, Doc.

Her…

Her…

Her…

Her: You too.



*****



“Explain to me again why you can’t come over? I’m hot as hell, and you’ve never turned me down before. Why start now?”

“I told you. I’m busy, Veda. In the zone writing this book.”

I didn’t feel like dealing with Veda’s crazy ass. There were levels to dealing with her. Level one was the occasional booty call, where I tried to stay. Level two was regular booty calls, which led to level three, a relationship. We were at level three about two years ago, and that shit was disastrous. Veda was a short, thick, pretty half-black, half-Mexican woman, but her ass was homicidally jealous. And clingy and possessive. I just couldn’t handle it.

But she was good in bed, so I kept her at level one, and I guess, according to her calendar, I was past due for a visit. But the problem was, in addition to not having the stomach to deal with her potential crazy, I still had Ms. Strickland and her sweet treat on my mind and in my memory.

Then I started thinking maybe I needed to go see Veda and relieve some damn tension when she went into this Spanglish rant about how niggas ain’t shit and how we were all estúpido and she didn’t need me to get off anyway.

So I hung up on her insane ass and went back to staring at my blank computer screen. Yeah, I lied about that. The only zone I was in was the damn twilight zone with Ms. Strickland, having no idea when or even if I’d ever really get a chance to be with her. I was playing hard, doing exactly what she asked by breaking contact with her, but I wanted her ass. I really, really wanted her.





13





I spent exactly thirty minutes at the conference Saturday afternoon, grabbing up pamphlets and free swag to take back to Genesis like a mad woman before joining a group of attendees, some of which I was familiar with from the conference circuit, as they ventured off into the city to shop. I didn’t really feel like shopping, but I also didn’t feel like sitting through any of those boring presentations. So I climbed into the Uber SUV with three other women and ended up at Stanton’s Department Store where we met up with five or six other ladies from the conference. I quickly located the plus section, found a blouse I liked, and decided to check out the cosmetics counter. Tested the perfumes, and had decided to go ahead and buy the blouse when a scent slammed into my nose, causing me to swoon a little—warm, earthy, woody, familiar. I whipped my body around, expecting to see Lorenzo somewhere in close proximity, but instead, an older lady with gorgeous walnut-colored skin stood a few feet away from me at the men’s cologne counter flapping one of those little white sample cards under her nose.

That scent lassoed me, pulling me to her. “Excuse me, what cologne is that?”

She looked up at me and smiled. “It’s the new one from Prada. I’m thinking of getting it for my husband.”

My eyes rested on the black bottle sitting on the glass-topped counter. I pointed to it, asked, “This one?”

She nodded. I lifted it and removed the cap, holding it under my nose and smiling as I closed my eyes and let my mind form an image of Lorenzo in all white, kneeling before me in the kitchen, his head between my—

“It’s a gorgeous scent, right?”

I opened my eyes to find a clerk smiling at me.

“Yes!” the older lady agreed. “I’ll take it.”

“One-point-seven ounces or three-point-four?”

“Oh, I’ll just take the smaller one.”

About fifteen minutes later, I met my shopping mates outside the store, a bag whose contents included the blouse and a large bottle of the Prada cologne in hand, and made the suggestion that we head to the book store just down the street next. Everyone agreed, with most of them mentioning some bestseller they wanted to get.

I was looking for a bestseller, too, finding not one but three that I happily purchased. After grabbing a bite to eat together at a local restaurant, we all headed back to the convention where I made myself sit through a panel discussion which turned out to be a heated debate regarding being a midwife versus being a doula.

Later, back in my hotel room, I sprayed the cologne in the air and sank into the bed with a bag of my favorite potato chips and my copy of Bulletproof 2: The Queenpin. This was the story of Monty’s daughter, Montine, who was born to his girlfriend at the end of book one. Set fifteen years later, it chronicled Montine’s rise to power after her father is murdered by a rival drug dealer. I was halfway through the book when I drifted off to sleep.



*****



“What?! You want what?!”

Up until that point, Danielle and Robert’s lawyer, Parker something or other, had done all the talking, but after Parker laid out Robert’s requests, no, his ridiculous, insulting demands, I found it impossible to hold my tongue. This total and complete asshole was asking for the house, which his ass could have since all it held for me was bad memories of a bad marriage, and his car. I couldn’t give half a damn about that either. But then his lawyer fixed his pink little mouth to say Robert wanted spousal support. Spousal support! What. The. Hell? Our salaries were comparable, and I said so.

“Yes, but due to the stress he’s endured from you abandoning the marriage, Mr. Mattison has had to take a leave of absence. So he’s unable to make the commissions that usually round out his income.”

“Huh?” I said. Was this man insane? “I left because you cheated on me repeatedly and made a damn baby with another woman!”

Robert eyed me and then leaned in and whispered something to Parker as Danielle rested her hand on my wrist in an attempt to calm me. It might’ve worked had Parker not added, “The baby is part of why Mr. Mattison finds himself in financial distress. He is having to pay child support, handle the mortgage and household bills alone. It’s been overwhelming for him.”

“Move! Sell the house! Learn to keep your dick in your pants!” I shrieked.

“You’re the reason I made that baby. If you’d only been there for me, I wouldn’t have gone looking for affection outside our marriage…you should be paying the child support, not me!” Robert screamed.

“There for you? All I did was sit my dumb ass up in that house night after night and wait for you! And as far as me paying child support? You must have lost your fucking mind!”

Robert shook his head. “There you go with the abuse again. Yelling at me. Cursing at me. I don’t have to sit here and take this. Not anymore, Renee!” He was trying to sound all wounded and fragile, but was giving a horribly poor performance.

“Abuse? What the hell are you trying to pull up in here?! I have never been anything but a weak fool for you, and you know it!”

He flinched and shook his head. “What’s next, Renee? You gonna hit me again? Well, you won’t get away with it this time! There are witnesses!”

“Hit you?! You’re the one who put his hands on my sister! I knew I should’ve let her tell the police, but my dumb ass protected you as always. Always thinking about you! Well, that’s over, you lying asshole! And I tell you what, it’ll be a cold day in hell before I pay you spousal support!”

He shrugged. “Fine. Then I guess we’re going to court.”

“We sure as hell are!”





I went to work after the meeting despite the fact that I was so angry I could’ve wrestled a damn tiger. Entering the waiting area, I was instantly hit with his scent, which seemed to fill the huge space. A strange sense of relief washed over me as I thought to myself that this man just seemed to know when I needed him. Sure, I’d told him we couldn’t be in contact with each other anymore, but I’d broken that rule when I drunk-dialed him, and besides, I needed him to contact me, to pursue me, to ignore my request. So there was a smile on my face when I approached him in the waiting area.

“Hey, what are you doing here?” I asked.

He looked up at me, a disinterested expression on his face. “Oh, hey. Waiting for my sister. She’s got an appointment with Cassandra.”

I nodded. “Oh. I thought maybe you were here for me?”

He frowned slightly, then gave me a look of confusion. “Why would I be? That’s not what you want, is it?”

I gulped, suddenly feeling like the queen of all asses. “Uh, no.”

He nodded.

And I just stood there, too stupid to say what I really felt.

“Renee?” Saved by Janine.

I turned and approached her desk, half-listened to her talk about some woman who called for me, and when I was finally able to close myself up in my office, I cried like a baby.





14





It was my turn to host our girls’ night, and I was sitting on my bed watching Nicky rifle through my collection of essential oils, praying she didn’t swipe my lavender oil while I wasn’t looking.

“What man’s been sleeping in your bed?” Nicky asked from her seat at my vanity, the same vanity that matched the same bed and dresser I’d had when my family first moved into this house decades earlier. I marveled at how it all still looked brand new, but realized my father had paid a pretty penny for it. He may have been an inattentive father and a womanizer, but he was not cheap.

Angie chimed in, “Yeah, I was going to ask you about that when I first stepped in here. It definitely smells like a man’s been in here. At first I thought you’d been sneaking Robert in here, but you truly hate him at this point with the way he’s dragging this divorce out.”

I’d lost my mind when I first got back from Atlanta, spraying that cologne on my sheets and in the air like a freaking air freshener. Then we had that little run-in at Genesis, and I promptly trashed the bottle and washed my linens, but I was sure it was in the carpets.

I shook my head. “Y’all are probably just smelling a sample from some magazine over on my nightstand. I haven’t had any male company whatsoever anywhere.”

“Still upset about how Lorenzo acted at Genesis the other week?” Angie asked.

I shrugged.

“Well, from what you told me about the whole Lorenzo thing, you played yourself, big sis,” Nicky said. “I mean, you did basically tell the man to back off. How’d you expect a man who wants you so bad he’s willing to lick your kitty on the third date to react to being rejected?”

I glared at Angie, since I’d only told her about the whole oral sex in his kitchen thing and not Nicky.

Angie stared back at me, wide-eyed. “What?”

I sighed. “You just had to tell her.”

Angie grinned. “I knew if anyone would appreciate hearing about that, Nicky would.”

“Mm-hmm, and if it was me, his face would still be between my legs!” Nicky declared.

“Can we talk about something else?” I groaned.

“Why? Because you’re getting all hot and bothered over there?” Nicky asked.

I scooted further up in my bed, careful to leave my feet hanging over the side so my wet toenails didn’t touch the comforter. “No—shit…yeah. You’re right. I played myself, and now I’m stuck in divorce purgatory with Robert with no relief. At least Lorenzo gave me something to look forward to, and I had to go and snatch that away from myself. I’m so damn stupid.”

“No argument here,” Nicky said.

“Damn, Nicky. Kick her while she’s down, why don’t you?” Angie said.

Nicky sucked her teeth. “Look, you two are cut from the same cloth, the Lisa Boston-Strickland cloth. Y’all are just like Mama used to be—dutiful, upstanding, boring. Sitting around clinging to men unworthy of you, missing out on good, nasty sex. No fun or spontaneity in either one of you.”

“Excuse me? I think you need to remove me from that category. I mean, did you forget I’m Mrs. Boyé now? Ain’t shit boring about my life in or out of the bedroom. Best believe that,” Angie shot back.

“Girl, my bad. I know you getting it good now. I was talking about your pre-Ryan era. Anyway, back to you, Renee. You get ahold of what you describe as a fine nigga with exceptional cunnilingus skills, and what do you do? Kick him to the curb to remain true to Lord Voldemort’s ass! You better learn to let loose.”

I threw my hands up. “I’m trying! But…I can’t do anything right now but will myself not to kill Robert. I despise his lying ass!”

“Well, I guess he’s living up to his threat to make you regret filing for divorce,” Angie pointed out.

“The only thing I regret is ever even looking in his direction all those years ago. The best decision I ever made was filing for divorce, and if he keeps messing with me, he’s going to be the one with regrets.”



*****



I sat in Danielle’s office and shook my head. She had been in contact with Robert’s lawyer as we attempted to reach a settlement that would keep us out of court. As it stood, the courts were backed up, and we weren’t scheduled to go before a judge for another couple of months. I wasn’t going to be able to spend another couple of months married to Robert if I was to retain my sanity, so I told Danielle to offer him the house, his car, half the money in our joint savings account even though he’d made no deposits, and all the proceeds from the sale of a plot of land we’d bought on the outskirts of town with plans to eventually build a home there.

This meeting was scheduled so that I could read Robert’s answer to my amended petition for divorce.

And this fool had gone from bad to worse.

He was fine with everything I proposed, even dropped the request for spousal support. But now he wanted me to sell my portion of Genesis Birthing Center and give him that money, too.

I slumped back in my chair, listening as Danielle explained how a judge might actually rule in his favor because Cass and I had opened the center six years ago, after I married Robert. My interest in the center was essentially community property, and even though Tennessee wasn’t a community property state, Robert’s lawyer could make a compelling argument and just might sway the right—or wrong, depending on how you looked at it—judge.

I closed my eyes as cold, hard rage filled me. I had worked my ass off, me and Cass both, to build that place into what it was—a thriving, successful, black-owned medical facility. The only one of its kind in the county and for several miles. Genesis was our baby, our legacy, and he knew that. He knew how much it meant to me.

But the worst part was the fact that I had always supported him in his career at Garner Technologics. He was in sales and had earned a huge commission when I persuaded Cass that we should purchase our copier, fax, and phone system from him. I always, always wanted him to win. Even after we split, after he devastated me with his countless infidelities, I never wished him any ill will. But it seemed he was trying to destroy me, and I just didn’t understand why.

I left Danielle’s office feeling defeated. Wished I could go back in time and erase ever having met Robert Mattison. I sat in my car on the parking deck and closed my eyes, trying to will the throbbing headache that was nearly blinding me to cease when my cell rang. A quick check of the screen informed me the call was from my husband.

With a scowl on my face, I snatched the phone up from the console and answered it by yelling, “What the fuck is wrong with you?! Why are you doing this?!”

“So you read my answer to your new petition, huh? Look, why don’t we go have some drinks tonight, talk about reconciling. You are ready to reconcile now, aren’t you?”

I held the phone, then took it from my ear and stared at it. Then I ended the call. I was upset, hurt, angry, but I wasn’t going to sit there and let him gain satisfaction from playing with me. He thought I was still the old Renee. The one who begged him to stop cheating and go to counseling. The one who actually sat and babysat his baby for a few hours until Angie talked some sense into me. The one who turned her head night after night, pretending not to know he was cheating. I might not have been perfect or the strongest woman in the world, but I wasn’t her anymore. I hadn’t been her in a long time.





I kept my mind off our upcoming court date and the possibility of losing my business by recommitting my time to the organizations I’d abandoned during my marriage. It felt good to be amongst old friends again, and they quickly embraced me, got me plugged into some committees. For Mahogany Women in Motion, I was given the duty of trying to sell the last three tables for the annual benefit, a casino-themed affair complete with fake money and roulette tables. Chaka Khan was to provide the night’s entertainment, so I hoped that would be a good selling point. I bought one of the tables myself, convinced Nicky to get her lawyer boyfriend to buy another, and unloaded the last one on an old college friend who owned a local day spa. In the three weeks leading up to the event, I’d have to find appropriate attire and convince Mama to come. Invitations to join me at my table had already been accepted by Angie and Ryan, Janine, and Cass and her husband. I was going to have a good time that night. I was determined to. This was the very event where I’d met Robert all those years ago, and I was going to do everything in my power to attach new, better memories to it.





15





I liked a good party, but not these types of parties. Not the stuffy, black tie, room full of pretentious assholes parties. But my mom did, and after all she’d been through in her life, one of my main objectives was to make sure she got to do everything she enjoyed doing, and she enjoyed being around these people, drinking expensive champagne, eating expensive food, bidding on stupid silent auction items. Plus, she deserved a night away from home. She was shouldering too much of the responsibility where Loren was concerned, but that was just my mother. She gave too much, loved too hard, sacrificed to a fault. So, if she wanted me to buy a table, buy her an expensive beaded gown, put on a tux, and bring her to this thing, I was going to do it without hesitation.

Our table was near the center of the room and was full of Ma’s friends. I was the youngest thing at the table besides Veda. Yeah, I brought her crazy ass with me after making her promise to act like a normal human being. I figured I owed her that since I wasn’t holding up my end of our little arrangement, because my dumb ass was still sitting around waiting on Renee Strickland, and I didn’t even know why.

I sighed at the wonderment in Veda’s eyes as she took in her surroundings. It was a shame her ass was so crazy, otherwise maybe I would’ve felt like taking her out more instead of just screwing her behind closed doors. But it was what it was.

She leaned in close, resting a hand on my thigh. “Thanks for bringing me, Zo, and buying me this dress. Everything is so…nice!” She lowered her voice. “I’ma give you all this pussy when you take me home tonight. Or am I spending the night with you?”

Shit.

I still wasn’t trying to screw her loco ass, but knew better than to say it right then, so I just smiled at her, leaned in close, and whispered, “Your place, V.”

She grinned and let her eyes sweep over the room again. I glanced at my mom, saw the look of disdain on her face, and let my eyes meander away from her. She hated Veda.

My eyes wandered back to my mom, who was now staring at Veda in disgust, and I closed them for a second. When I opened them, they landed across the room, on a pretty brown face and a gorgeous pair of round eyes.

Doc.

She was staring at me with a look I couldn’t quite place on her face. Longing? Desire? I stared back, tried to match her gaze. And then Veda leaned against me, whispered something in my ear, and kissed my cheek, using her finger to wipe her lipstick off my skin. Doc frowned and looked away, but I kept my eyes glued to her. She shifted her eyes back at me, this time rolling them and flashing me a scowl. She looked beautiful. Angry, but beautiful, and I had to bite back a smile when her eyes found me a third time. I raised my eyebrows and tilted my head to the side. In response, she turned her back to me.





I was so angry, I could scream. Not at Lorenzo, but at myself for rejecting him to remain true to vows I’d taken with a damn sub-human piece of pond scum who had done nothing in return but make my very existence a living hell. I huffed and sighed and snatched my sweaty glass of iced tea up to my mouth, almost spilling it on my nice, expensive, peach-ass gown.

“The hell is wrong with you?” Angie asked. Then her eyes widened. “Robert’s ass isn’t here, is he? Do you see him somewhere?”

“No. Not Robert.”

“Well, who or what has you snatching up tea and throwing it back like it’s whiskey?”

“Middle of the room. White tux.” What was with this man and the color white?

“Huh?”

I sighed. “White tux. Big. Handsome with some chica rubbing all up on him.”

“Okay, I see him. Who is—ohhhhhh. Giiiiirl, that’s Lorenzo?”

“Yep.”

“Wow.”

“I know. I tried to tell you.”

“Yeah, but I mean…wow.”

“I. Know.”

“Nay, he’s fine as hell.”

“I know!”

“Shit, where is Nicky? Still at her man’s table? She needs to see this man!”

Ryan leaned in close to Angela and whispered something. She slapped his hand and giggled then for some reason, pulled a small package of wet wipes out of her purse and showed it to him. A second or two later, she turned back to me and said something, but my eyes and attention had both found their way back to Lorenzo. His date or whatever she was, was leaning in close again, whispering something in his ear, and my stomach lurched when he moved his eyes from me to her and smiled.

I stood from the table, afraid I was about to hurl all over myself.

“Hey, you okay? Where you going?” Angie asked. “They’re dimming the lights. I think Chaka Khan’s about to hit the stage.”

“Bathroom. Be back.”

I didn’t know he’d followed me out of the ballroom until I felt him grab my arm. He pulled me where I had been headed anyway, toward the restrooms, gently pushed me against a wall, and placing his hands on either side of my head, caged me in place.

“You wanna tell me what’s going on with you? Why you’re acting like this?” he asked, in a low voice.

His face was so close to mine, I started feeling antsy, and at the same time, couldn’t remove my eyes from his lips. My desire to taste them was overwhelming my senses. “Acting like what?”

“Rolling your eyes and scowling every time I look at you.”

“If that’s what you think I’m doing, stop looking at me.”

“I will when you stop looking at me and my date.”

“Your date,” I scoffed. “Whatever.”

“You’re pissed I came with a date?”

“What do you think?”

His eyebrows flew up. “I didn’t even know you’d be here.”

“So?”

He shook his head with this incredulous look on his face. “Shit, you made the rules, Doc. No contact, no friendship, no nothing while you’re still married. Did your divorce go through and you failed to inform me?”

“N-no.”

He brought his face even closer to mine. “Then what’s your issue?”

“My issue is you just gave up on me! Said okay, acted all cold toward me at Genesis and I was in a really bad place that day, and now you’re here with Sofia Vergara’s ass, just flaunting her in my face!”

“What was I supposed to do? Beg you, chase you, wear you down until you gave me another taste of that sweet pussy of yours?”

“Yes!”

“Why didn’t you just say so, Doc?”

My eyes widened. “What?”

“Why didn’t you just say so?” he asked, his words slow and deliberate. “You think I won’t chase your sexy ass?”

“I…I—”

“Have you changed your mind about being true to a nigga you’re divorcing?”

I sighed as he moved his hand from the wall beside my head to my cheek. “I don’t know. I just—I miss you. A lot. And-and my husband is pulling all these stunts, making these outlandish demands. He’s trying to take Genesis from me, or at least my half of it, and I’m stressed and it feels like I’ll never be free of him, but I can’t really move on until—”

“What’s his name?”

“My husband?”

“Yeah.”

“Robert. Robert Mattison. Why?”

“Because, I’m tired of you calling his bitch-ass your husband. Call him Robert or Mattison or anything but your husband. Fuck him! If you want me, if you want us, then let’s do this, but seriously, fuck him, Doc. He doesn’t deserve your fidelity.”

“I wish it was that easy, Zo. But it’s not for me.”

His lips finally met mine in a soft kiss before he backed completely away from me. “It’s as easy as you make it, Doc.”

“Zo—”

“Call me when you’re ready for me.”

“What about your date?”

He was back in my face again. “You think she’d be here if your ass would stop pushing me away? I don’t want her, Doc. I want you.”

Then he left me standing there, my heart thrashing in my chest.





16





It’d been a hectic morning, starting just after midnight when I was forced to crawl out of bed and head to a rural home where three hours later, I had to send a young laboring mother to the hospital as her blood pressure reached dangerous levels. She and her twins were fine now, but just as I made it home, I received another call—heavy contractions only five minutes apart. I met this mother at the birthing center and had to send her back home, as she’d only dilated one centimeter and her labor stalled an hour after she arrived. Too tired to drive home, I shut myself up in my office, and four hours later, was awakened by a knock. Greeted with a crippling headache, I lifted my head, said, “Come in,” and gave Cass half of a greeting as I rummaged through my purse for pain reliever.

“Hey, you okay?” she asked.

I shook my head. “Headache. Rough night. Exhausted.”

She sank into the chair opposite my desk. “You can’t form complete sentences. Go home.”

I downed the pills with lukewarm water from a water bottle. “Can’t. Appointments.”

“Any of them urgent? Can we reschedule? Let me check your schedule.”

I hadn’t even noticed she was carrying a laptop up until that point. As she checked my schedule, I rested my head on my desk, popping it back up when she said, “You think it’s your blood pressure?”

I shrugged.

Her eyes were still fixed on the computer she’d balanced on her crossed legs. Cass was tall and elegantly pretty. Delicate dark skin, almond eyes, hair in micro braids. She could’ve easily been a model if she’d wanted to. “Well, you’ve been under a lot of stress with the divorce, and things have been hectic around here. All of that could be sending your blood pressure up.”

“Yeah.”

“Hmm, looks like we can move everyone except Mrs. Raynor. I’ll see her and tell her about her negative test. I remember you saying how anxious she was to know the result.”

“Yes, she and her husband have been trying to get pregnant for a while now. I know how much anxiety builds up between tests,” I said, leaving out from personal experience. “A delay can be tortuous.”

Cass closed the laptop and pulled her stethoscope from around her neck. “Let me check you out. Where’s your cuff?”

I opened a desk drawer and pointed.

My blood pressure was through the roof. So after an emergency visit to my personal physician, I went home with a filled prescription and crawled into bed and just cried. This damn divorce was killing me. Literally killing me. And as I lay there with the remnants of that Prada cologne drifting into my nose, I started wondering if maybe I should just go back to Robert, give in, revert to sitting around the house pretending everything was okay. Because this was torture, and I’d obviously hit my limit. I was not only exhausted from work but from dealing with…everything. Tired of bracing myself for whatever stupid thing he would think up next to make things worse for me. And then there was Lorenzo and what he’d said to me at the benefit last week, the passion in his voice and eyes. At this point, I didn’t give a damn about my morals. I was just too defeated to pursue anything with him. If Robert’s goal had been to break me down, he’d succeeded.

By some means, through a mind thick with thoughts, I managed to fall asleep and nearly jumped straight out of bed when I heard my phone ring. I kept my eyes closed, relieved the headache had subsided, and groped for my phone.

“Hello?” I muttered.

“Hey. Renee? Are you busy?”

Anxiety rushed over me. It was Danielle.

“N-no, not really.”

“Got a call from your husband’s lawyer. They want to meet today, in thirty minutes if that’ll work for you.”

I held the phone.

“Renee?”

“On my way.”



*****



I stepped into Danielle’s office in surrender mode. Whatever he wanted this time, he could have it. I’d sell my half of Genesis. I could start over. I didn’t want to, but I could. Hell, maybe I wouldn’t do anything for a while. Just rest. I needed rest. I lived with my mom, had no bills other than a car note and credit card payments. And I had two savings accounts this asshole didn’t even know existed. I’d be fine. I could find a job in a second with my employment history and experience, but what I wasn’t going to do was let this situation or this man cause me to have a damn stroke. I was tired of it all, wanted it to end, and so, I would give him what he wanted. Whatever he wanted.

Once in Danielle’s conference room sitting across from him, a peace fell over me, an overwhelming feeling that this was about to be over, because I was going to make it be over. I was taking my life back.

“My client is anxious to dissolve this marriage as quickly and efficiently as possible,” Peter lied.

Somehow, I managed not to scoff or roll my eyes.

“So, in that vein, he has decided it would be best to sell the home and divide the proceeds equally. He wants Mrs. Mattison to keep all funds in the joint accounts. You will both retain your individual cars. And…that’s it.”

I finally looked up at Robert, whose eyes were on something behind me. The wall? A window? “What about Genesis?” I asked. “You don’t want me to sell it anymore?”

Robert glanced at me, opened his mouth, then shook his head.

His lawyer slid some papers to Danielle. “If you find this amended answer is agreeable, we can sign now.”

“Can you two wait in the lobby? Give us time to go over this?” Danielle asked.

An hour later, I left the law offices of Prince and Stitt, a free woman.





17





Sitting behind my desk, my back to my computer, I stared out the window at Rell washing one of my cars. There was a lot on my mind, but nothing that should’ve been keeping me from working. I just didn’t feel like working.

My phone rang—Veda. She’d been blowing my phone up, angry that I sent her home from the benefit in an Uber, but after talking to Doc that night, my head was all twisted up and I really didn’t feel like dealing with her. That’d been a week ago, and her ass was still on the rampage.

I watched Rell leave the car and rush into the garage. A minute or so later, a familiar car pulled in front of the garage, and my eyes widened as Rell opened the door for her.

I hopped up from my chair, looked down at myself—jogging pants and a t-shirt. Shit, whatever. I had showered, so there was that. I started to run my ass to the front door, then decided to at least try to play it cool, act like a man who was damn near forty instead of some eager-ass teenager, but it was hard.

Straining my ears, I heard Rell let her in, heard her thank him, and a minute or so later, heard a knock at my office door.

I sat back down, and said, “Come in.”

The door eased open. She was wearing a pair of jeans and a sheer black blouse, so sheer that I could see her black bra through it. Her thick hair was pulled back in a ponytail. I think I’d only seen her wear make-up once, maybe twice. She was wearing none at that moment, but she didn’t need it. She was so damn beautiful without it.

She flashed me a timid smile. “Hey.”

I didn’t move, didn’t smile, wasn’t sure what I should do. “Hey.”

She fingered the keys she held in her hand. “Uh…can I sit down?”

“Yeah, sure. Go ahead.”

I watched her sink into a chair. Then, silence.

I scooted closer to my desk. “What’s on your mind, Doc?”

Her thick eyelashes fluttered as she looked up at me. Luscious lips parted then closed again. She leaned forward in her chair and dragged her bottom lip between her teeth, making that dimple appear, and blood rushed to my crotch. Every little thing she did turned me on.

Finally, she said, “I just wanted to let you know my hus—Robert and I signed the divorce papers.”

I kept my eyes on hers. “What does that mean exactly?”

“Well, the papers still have to be approved and signed by a judge, but Robert’s lawyer says they’ve found one who’s willing to sign off on our divorce as soon as tomorrow morning. My lawyer says they must have connections, because things never move that fast, so, I’m essentially a free woman.” She was smiling triumphantly by the time she finished her statement.

I nodded. “Good for you. Congratulations.”

She sat there and stared at me. “That’s it?”

With lifted eyebrows, I asked, “Is what it?”

“That’s all you have to say? You’re not happy?”

“Of course I am. I’m very happy for you, Doc.”

She kept her eyes on me, and then her face fell. “You…you’re not interested in me anymore?”

“I’m interested, Doc. As a matter of fact, I’m sitting here with a hard dick just from the sight of you.”

Her eyelids dropped a bit. “Then why are you acting like you really don’t care?”

“Being cautious. Is this just a friendly visit?”

“No…I want to be more than friends. I want you.”

“You sure I’m what you want? You’re positive?”

“Yes! I came straight here from my lawyer’s office, because I…I’ve missed you.”

“I’ve missed you, too.”

“Then act like it!”

I smiled, left my chair, and stepped around the desk. “Come here.”

She stood, keys still in hand, and moved in front of me. I lowered my head and kissed her. “Is this what you want me to do?”

She nodded, her chest beginning to heave.

“What else?”

She closed her eyes. “Touch me.”

“Where?” I leaned in and kissed her neck. “Here?”

“Yes,” she whispered.

I slid my hand under her blouse and pushed her bra up, squeezing her breast then rolling the nipple between my fingers before dipping my head and covering it with my mouth, licking and sucking as I felt her hand on my head and heard her moan. Then I lifted my head. “Mm, and definitely here, huh?”

“Yes…”

I backed away from her, my erection becoming painful. “Where else, Doc?”

She kept her eyes on me as she dropped her keys. unbuttoned her pants, pulled them down, and kicked out of them. She dropped her panties and kicked out of them, too. Then she was on the huge, abstract rug on my floor. On her back, legs open. Resting a hand on her treasure, she said, “Here.”

I stared down at her, thinking to myself that she was the most beautiful sight I’d ever seen in my damn life. “Take everything off,” I commanded.

She pulled the blouse over her head and tossed it aside, then did the same with the bra. I let my eyes take her in, brown skin that nearly matched mine in tone, soft-looking stomach, round, full breasts, thick thighs. She spread her legs again, and I rested my hand on my crotch as I licked my lips. “What do you want me to touch it with?”

She didn’t answer me, just spread her legs wider.

“What do you want me to touch it with?” I repeated.

“Whatever you want to touch it with.”

I lifted a brow. “Really?”

“Yes, but I need you to touch it now.”

I pulled my clothes off, and she gasped as her eyes roamed my body. Joining her on the floor, I spread my body over hers, settling between her legs, my face even with hers. I took my hand and slid my erection over her clit. She shuddered as I repeated the act while devouring her mouth. Then my mouth left hers as I kissed my way down her body, flicking my tongue across her clit while easing a finger inside of her. She grabbed my head when I pulled her clit into my mouth and sucked it like it was a third nipple.

She grinded against my mouth, squirmed and wiggled and writhed and whined until I felt her go stiff as she spasmed around my fingers. I lifted myself, giving her a deep kiss she eagerly returned. Reaching up on my desk for my wallet, I pulled a condom out, covered myself, and seconds later, I was inside of her.

She screamed my name, grabbed my shoulders, and threw her head back.

“Is this what you wanted?” I grunted.

“Yes—Zo!”

I thrusted deeper, tried not to lose control, but she felt so damn good and tight and wet and hot, I wasn’t sure how long I would last. “Damn, Doc! What you got in this thing?” I asked.

“Oh!” she yelled as I sank into her over and over again. “Ohhhh!”

I held my lips to hers, murmured, “Doc…shit!”

She opened her mouth and licked mine, sending me into overdrive.

I thrusted deep and hard, giving her more and more of me until I gave her all of me with each stroke, causing her to scream with each thrust. She clawed at me, closing her eyes and whimpering as she spasmed around me. Finally, I closed my eyes, plunged into her so deeply that she yelped, and I roared as I filled the condom. When I opened my eyes and looked at her, she was knocked out cold, so I smiled, slid back down her body, and licked her until another orgasm woke her up.



*****



I was standing at the stove, cooking us a couple of steaks for…shit, I wasn’t sure what meal it was supposed to be. We’d made love twice on my office floor, once in my shower, and had slept for hours in between. Night had fallen, we were both hungry as hell, and this, all of this, just felt good. Her being in my kitchen wearing one of my t-shirts, perched on my kitchen table watching me cook. Me at the stove in my boxer briefs working my culinary magic. This shit felt like something I’d been missing my whole life messing around with Veda and her contemporaries. Doc was just different with a pussy that was absolutely addictive.

“I should probably go home soon,” she said, as I flipped our steaks.

“Why? Tired of me?” I asked, shooting her a grin.

“No, but I have work in the morning. I didn’t bring any clothes with me.”

“I can send Rell to buy you some. What do you need?”

“Scrubs, underwear. Rell is not buying me underwear.”

I chuckled. “All right. I guess I’ll let you go.” I walked over to her and kissed her as she wrapped her arms around me. “But you better come prepared to stay next time.”

She grinned. “Will do.”

I kissed her again, reached between her legs, and slid a finger inside her.

“You’re gonna burn our food,” she murmured against my mouth.

“Mm-hmm,” I said, as I pulled her to the edge of the table and gently pushed her onto her back, placing her legs on my shoulders. I kissed her leg as I pulled my erection out of my underwear and glided inside her.

“How could you possibly feel this good every time?” she asked, as I eased out and back into her.

“I was wondering the same thing.”





18





One week earlier…



I woke up the morning after the benefit dinner with one thought in my mind.

I’m tired of this shit.

I didn’t like the feeling of not being in control of the direction my life was going in. I wanted Doc, and I wanted her bad, and hell, she obviously wanted me, too, but we couldn’t have each other because of the actions of some asshole named Robert Mattison. This asshole was not only making this whole divorce thing drag on, he was also making Doc miserable. I could see it in her eyes. Hear it in her voice. He was breaking her down. And that? That made me want to tear some shit up. She was a good woman, kind and caring. Had probably taken way too much off of this ingrate before she left him, and I suppose he was doing what he was doing because she’d stopped taking shit from him.

My mind started going places I’d shut it off from years ago. I mean, I started having some extremely fucked up thoughts about dude. And after a day of obsessing over the whole situation, I knew I had to do something. I had to fix this for her and for me.



*****



I sat in the dark for hours, waiting, biding my time, exercising a level of patience that was rare for me in situations like this. When I finally heard the garage door open and a car pull into it, I scooted to the edge of the chair in anticipation. Clasped my hands together because I was almost too excited, too ready.

The kitchen door opened, and I heard him mumble, “I thought I left this light on.” Before he could flip the switch, Rell stepped out of a corner and knocked him out with one blow to his head.



*****



Three hours later, I sat in his kitchen glaring at Rell, who just looked at me. “Damn, did your heavy-handed ass kill him?” I asked. “He should’ve woken up by now.”

Rell shrugged.

I sighed, leaned back in my chair, and shook my head when Rell pointed at the sink. “Nah, water will only work if you uncover his face. I don’t wanna uncover his face yet.”

Rell seemed to think about this for a second and then shrugged again. After another hour passed of this dude still being unconscious, I instructed Rell to dash his ass with water and quickly cover his face again.

That woke him up.

His shirt was wet as he gasped under the black hood, and yelled, “What the hell? What…where am I?”

“You’re in the comfort of your home,” I said softly. He was only sitting a few feet in front of me, and he sounded and looked terrified as he jerked his covered head toward my voice.

“Who…who are you?”

“You don’t know me. You don’t need to know me. All you need to do is listen.”

“Hey, look. I don’t know what’s going on, but I don’t have a lot of money. You can have what I have, though. And you can take the TVs or whatever else you want.”

“I don’t want your shit.”

“W-what do you want then, man?” He sounded like he was about to cry, or was already crying. I knew he was a bitch ass…

“I want you to listen.”

“Look, I haven’t seen you, so why don’t you just go and we’ll act like this didn’t happen and you won’t get arrested for holding me hostage.”

I nodded at Rell, who snatched the thick black hood off his face.

His eyes met mine for a second before he squeezed them shut, and said, “Shit! Please, man!”

I stared at his weak ass for a moment. A long moment. So long that he opened his eyes and whimpered, “What do you want?”

“I want you to stop fucking with Renee.”

His eyes widened. “What? She sent you here? That bitch must’ve lost her mind!”

My eyes shot to Rell, who was already on him, waiting for me to give him the go-ahead to slap the shit out of him. So I did.

In response, Renee’s midget-ass husband yelped.

“You wanna call her a bitch again?” I asked.

“N-no.”

“Apologize for that shit.”

“I’m-I’m sorry.”

“No, say, ‘I’m sorry for calling Renee a bitch, because I’m the bitch.’”

He frowned. “What?”

I sighed and looked at Rell. “I guess his ass can’t hear now. Wanna help him out?”

Rell lifted his hand to slap him on the other side of his face, and Renee’s husband screamed, “Wait, wait! Can you repeat it? I-I didn’t quite get it all.”

“I’m sorry for calling Renee a bitch, because I’m the bitch,” I said slowly.

He repeated the phrase word for word.

“Very good. Glad to see you can follow directions, because I have a few more for you, so listen carefully.”

He nodded, and then I noticed him tugging on the zip ties that bound his wrists to the chair. I shook my head, and muttered, “This motherfucker is trying to get loose.”

Rell sighed and thumped the fool on the back of the head. He yelped again and then started crying big old crocodile tears.

“Robert—is it okay to call you Robert?”

He nodded vigorously.

“Robert, my associate here is a very strong man. Until now, I’ve tried to be patient with you by holding him back. I’ve tried to be nice, but you’re beginning to piss me off and it’s getting harder and harder for me to even want to restrain him. So you better sit your ass there and listen. Only listen, nothing else. I mean you better sit your ass there and act like I’m one of those pornos you undoubtedly watch all the time, because you just look like the type who would have a woman as fine as Renee and still be watching porn like a damn moron. I mean, how do you let a woman with a pussy that sweet leave your ass?”

His mouth fell open and he blinked so many times, I almost thought he was having a seizure. He wanted to say something so bad it was killing him, but he was so damn scared he quickly shut his mouth.

I smiled. “Mmm, my mouth is watering just thinking about her pussy. It smells good, too. Don’t you agree, Robert?”

He frowned slightly, but didn’t speak.

“DON’T YOU AGREE, MOTHERFUCKER?!” I shouted.

“You ate my wife’s pussy?” he asked. I guess he couldn’t hold it in any longer.

“I ate the shit out of it, and I would like to eat it again. But your ass is keeping that from happening, and that really upsets me, Robert.”

“Uh…”

“And you didn’t answer my question, so I have to assume you disagree and you don’t think her pussy smells good, and I don’t like it when people disagree with me.”

“No, no! It does smell good, real good. I love the way it smells.”

“Doesn’t it?” I leaned forward, resting my elbows on my knees and clasping my hands together. “Hey, you know what else I love about it? It’s bald. Not a hair on that motherfucker. Woo, shit! Now that really makes my dick stand at attention!”

“Sh-she still shaves it?”

“Yeah! You miss her pussy, Robert?”

“Yeah, I really do,” he confided.

“Wish you could have some more of it?”

“Yeah. I love Renee’s pussy. I told her that.”

I raised an eyebrow at Rell, who punched him in the gut this time.

“Don’t you even think about her pussy again, do you hear me?! Erase that sweet, tight, good-smelling motherfucker from your damn memory!”

“What do you want from meeeee?” he wailed.

“Glad you asked. I want you to leave her the hell alone. Stop fucking with her. Sign the damn divorce papers. Give her whatever she wants. I don’t give a fuck if she wants custody of your damn nuts. You better cut them bitches off and hand them to her with a smile on your face. Got it?”

“Yeah, yeah. I got it.”

“And you better get on this shit as soon as your lawyer gets to his office in the morning. You have one week. One…fucking…week to get this done, and I mean I want it finished. Finalized. I have a judge who’s willing to sign off on it ASAP.”

He nodded. “Okay. Whatever you want.”

“And understand this, you tell no one about me being here today. If you call the police, I’ll know it. If you talk about this shit in your sleep, I’ll know it. If you even think about what happened here tonight, I will know it. And your ass will not like the consequences of me knowing it. I will wake you up out of your sleep dead in the middle of the night and fuck you up! I don’t give a damn if you move to Iceland, I will find you.”

“Okay, okay!”

“Robert, I want you to be clear about something. The only reason your ass is not dead right now is because I want Renee, and I want her bad. I don’t have time for her to mourn you. So you get to live. Consider it a gift.”

His eyes were wide as he stared at me.

“You don’t think you should thank me for my generosity, motherfucker?”

“Yeah…th-th-thank you.”

“You’re welcome. And one last thing, don’t you open your mouth to say another thing to Renee for the rest of your life. I mean, if I find out you even said hi to her, I’m coming back. I’m going to disable that weak-ass alarm again and be sitting here waiting on your ass, and next time, things won’t be so pleasant for you.”

“O-okay.”

“I prefer ‘yes, sir.’”

“Y-yes, sir.”

“Good! See, that wasn’t so bad, little man, was it?”

He hesitantly shook his head.

“One week. One damn week. One.”

“Yes, sir. One week,” he repeated.

I sat there and stared at him for a few minutes, just to make him uncomfortable, and then I nodded at Rell who knocked him out again, cut the zip ties from his wrists and ankles, and drove me home.





19





Now…



It took three days for me to realize maybe I needed to slow things down with Lorenzo, because he had me doing stuff I just didn’t do. I’d gone to that man’s house the second after we signed the divorce papers and basically handed my vagina to him on a silver platter with all the trimmings…repeatedly. I didn’t sleep with Robert for months after we started dating. Months. And it wasn’t like Zo and I were getting to know each other better by spending all this time together. For three days straight I’d only been three places: work, home to grab some clothes, and Zo’s house. And we’d basically done nothing but have sex—hot, steamy, intense, wonderful, incredible, and as Nicky would put it, nasty, sex. In between the sex, we talked about how good the sex was, which led to more sex. Or we’d eat something because we were famished from the sex. Or we’d take a shower to clean up after the sex and end up having sex in the shower. Or we’d sleep because we were exhausted from sex. But we didn’t have even one real conversation about anything else. Nothing else. Not my job or his writing or our respective families, but I knew his body like I knew the back of my hand—his tall, thick, solid, big-penised body. Zo was muscular, but not in a chiseled, everybody’s man crush Monday way. His body looked like he’d once worked out religiously but had stopped. He was still fit, still fine, but his muscles weren’t overly defined. See, I can’t even stay on topic. I was supposed to be talking about how we were moving too fast, but Lorenzo just had this weird effect on me.

I sat in my office and stared at the third bouquet of flowers he’d sent me in as many days. Wild flowers.

Wild.

That’s how I felt around him. Carefree, spontaneous, and wild, all words that would’ve never accurately described me before him. Oh, and sexy. Very, very sexy. No woman could be touched the way he touched me, or be told the things he told me during sex, or have his eyes drink them in like his did me and not feel sexy. A supermodel didn’t have shit on my size eighteen ass when I was in Lorenzo’s presence.

Of course I didn’t want to put any distance between us but felt like I needed to, especially since on the third night I spent with him, he mentioned us having dinner with his mother.

His mother.

I’d hated Robert’s mother, because she’d openly said she fully expected her son to marry someone much lighter skinned than me. And throughout our marriage, she doted on his brother, Ken’s, biracial (white and Chinese) wife and their tri-racial children. At one point, during the height of my fertility issues, she suggested we “borrow” some eggs from Ken’s wife, Amy, so she would be assured another pretty grandbaby. I remember wanting to scream at her that her son was the ugly one, and hell, if we were real about the situation, I was taking a chance on having an ugly baby. My lineage was full of gorgeous people. My parents, my sisters, and me. I’d been called a lot of things in my life, but ugly was not one of them.

Anyway, despite my misgivings about mothers-in-law, I was sure Lorenzo’s mother would not be the supreme bitch Alice Mattison was to have raised a man like him. My major concern was what a request like this meant about his frame of mind considering our fledgling, totally sexual relationship. Men don’t want you to meet their mothers unless they’re serious. Zo was obviously serious about me, a woman whose divorce was less than a week old. He didn’t even know my address or my middle name, and he was serious about me. And that scared me to death.

So I panicked. And for the next two days and two nights, I pretended to be swamped at work and too tired to see him. Well, work was hectic, but I definitely wasn’t too tired for him. I even missed him, but I really thought this was the best thing to do.



*****



Another day of my self-imposed exile from Lorenzo had passed when Janine’s voice sounded through the intercom in my office. “Renee, there’s a gentleman here to see you. He won’t tell me what it’s about, but he says it’s urgent.” She lowered her voice, and added, “It’s a big guy in a suit.”

“Send him in,” I said without hesitation, feeling a little anxious and excited at the same time. I wanted to see him, touch him, feel him, but I still felt we were moving too fast.

“Um, okay.” I could hear the curiosity practically oozing out of Janine, but I wasn’t ready to share Lorenzo with her. I didn’t even know what was going on with us. Could you really call what we had a relationship?

There was a light knock at my door, and then it eased open to reveal Lorenzo looking so fine I just leaned back in my chair behind my desk and stared at him. My yoni started pulsating and flooding as I took in the navy suit that had obviously been tailor made for his big beautiful body.

He closed the door behind him, and I looked up into his eyes. He looked…confused.

“Hey, Zo,” I said softly.

He was still standing by the door as he asked, “What’s going on with you?” I guess he wasn’t in the mood for pleasantries.

“You wanna have a seat?”

“No, Doc, I want you to answer my question.”

“What are you talking about?”

He reached up and placed his hand on the back of his head. “Look, I know I said I like playing games, but the games have to make sense. You came to me, said you wanted me, and then you backed away from me for no reason.”

“That’s not what I did. I told you things have been hectic and I’ve just been tired.”

“Yeah, well…I don’t believe that. Didn’t believe it when you first said it, and now, looking at you while you say it, I know it’s not true. So tell me the truth.”

He sounded upset. He was upset, and if I was him, I probably would’ve been, too. And I guess I forgot about how horrible a liar I was. So I sighed, dropped my eyes to my desk, and said, “I’m scared.”

My eyes rose in time to see him furrow his brow. “Of me, Doc?”

I shook my head. “Of making a mistake. I just got out of a horrible marriage, Zo.”

“I know, baby. But I’m not him.”

“I know that, but…I mean, all we do is have sex.”

“Shit, you see a problem with that? ‘Cause I don’t.”

“I don’t know you. We don’t talk.”

“So you thought the way to fix that was by pushing me away? Hell, I’m beginning to think that’s all you’re ever gonna do. Pull me in and then push me away. That shit doesn’t feel good, Renee.”

Now I felt like crying, because essentially, I’d been a cry baby all my life and an empath, and he sounded so sad. I could feel his sadness, plus, he called me Renee instead of Doc. “I’m-I’m sorry.”

“Remember, I asked you if you were sure I was what you wanted.”

“You are, but it feels like we’re moving really fast.”

“Maybe we are, but we aren’t kids, Doc. We’re adults who’ve already lived through a lot of shit and have earned the right to live how we want and be with who we want to be with when we want to be with them. We don’t have anyone to answer to, and I don’t see any point in dragging my feet with this thing after all the time it took for us to get here in the first place. Do you?”

“No…It’s just—you want me to meet your mother.”

He took the seat I’d offered him and leaned forward. “You’re worried about that? Don’t be. You’ve already met her, the same day you met me. And you impressed the hell out of her. She’s been talking about you nonstop ever since and was excited when I told her we were seeing each other.”

I raised my eyebrows. “Really?”

“Yeah, so she asked me to plan a dinner for all of us.”

“Oh…”

“Doc, I like you. I like being with you. I like having sex with you, A LOT. And I know we don’t know each other well, but we can’t fix that by being apart.”

“I know. I guess I just panicked. I’m sorry, Zo. And I’ve missed you.”

He gave me a lopsided grin as he reached up and rubbed his goatee. “You missed me? You planning on doing something about that?”

“I don’t know. It depends. What do you want me to do about it?”

His grin widened as he reclined against the back of the chair situated across from my desk. “You letting me call the shots for once?”

With a wrinkled brow, I said, “You’ve been calling the shots all along. Don’t you know that? I put that distance between us, because otherwise, I can’t resist you.”

“You think I can resist you?”

“I hope not.”

He chuckled. “Then we’re in the same predicament, Doc.”

“I guess so.”

My office fell silent for a few moments as we just stared at each other. Things were moving fast, but there was an energy between us, a pull that I knew wouldn’t allow us to slow down.

“Zo, you didn’t really answer my question. What do you want me to do about the fact that I’ve missed you?”

His gaze intensified. “Nothing you’d be willing to do in this office.”

“Try me and see.”

He cocked his head to the side. “Come here.”

I did, standing between him and my desk.

“You should lock the door.”

I shook my head. “Like you once told me about Rell, no one is going to bother us. Everyone knows not to barge in here on me, and if they do…” I shrugged. “I don’t really care. I’m co-owner of this place and their boss.”

He stood in front of me, peering down at me with a look on his face that set my panties on fire. “Do you have any idea how much that shit you just said turns me on?”

“No. Show me.”

Without touching me with his hands, he captured my mouth, sliding his tongue inside to taste me. I tried to touch him, but he grabbed my wrists before I could. Then he backed away from me and let his eyes survey me from head to toe. “You know the rules. I do all the touching. You don’t move even a finger unless I tell you to.”

I nodded and tried to catch my breath. His eyes bore into mine as he placed one hand on my cheek, untied the drawstring on my violet scrub bottoms with the other, slid his hand into my panties, and began stroking my bud. I gasped, reached for him, but he shook his head.

“No touching, Doc.”

I closed my eyes, and as my legs began to tremble, reached back, and braced myself on the desk. “Zo…”

“Turn around, baby.”

I did as he said and gasped as he yanked my pants and underwear down over my butt. Stepping out of them, I spread my legs for him as I bent over my desk, nearly knocking over a framed photo of me and Cass.

“Cock your leg up on the desk.”

I followed his command, my knee bumping up against a stack of books. Then I closed my eyes and waited. I could hear him unzipping his pants, and the anticipation was driving me wild. But instead of feeling him enter me, the next sensation I felt was the heat of his mouth as he lavished my core with his tongue from behind, groaning as he groped my ass with his hands. I sucked in a breath and released a soft, low moan. I had almost reached the edge when he stood and slid his hand up my back, gently resting it on the back of my neck as he eased inside of me.

“Ahhhhhhhh!”

“Shh, Doc,” he said through his own moan, as he squeezed my butt cheek with his other hand and slowly glided out of me.

He kept up this relaxed pace for several minutes before increasing the tempo of his thrusts, driving into me mercilessly, causing the sound of his body slamming into mine to fill the room along with my moans and whimpers.

I slid my hand over my heavy desk, knocking papers and charts to the floor, groping for something to hold onto as the energy inside of me pooled to my core and threatened to ignite. Sucking in a deep breath, I’d opened my mouth to release a satisfied scream when Zo covered it with his huge hand, effectively muzzling me.

A few seconds later, he softly grunted and groaned before collapsing onto my back.

“Baby,” I murmured as he wrapped his arm around my waist, spun me around, and plunged a finger inside of me, “you trying to go for round two?” I was completely spent, but I wouldn’t have refused him.

“No, that nosy receptionist is probably out there right now about to knock on your door because of all the noise you made.”

As he finally slid his finger out of me, I said, “Was I that loud?”

“Yeah, you were screaming at one point.”

My mouth fell open. “No, I wasn’t! Was I?”

“Yeah, but maybe no one heard you. Maybe they were all busy or something.”

I frowned.

He zipped up his pants, leaned in, and kissed me. “See you tonight? Dinner, and we can finish what we started here?”

I nodded.

As he turned to open the door, I said, “Wait, I have my own bathroom if you want to wash your hands and freshen up.”

He smiled and lifted his hand to his nose, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply. “No, baby. I’m good.”





20





“…so I finally pull myself together and decide to leave for lunch, and as soon as I step out of my office, Janine is standing there by the door with this weird look on her face. And I got all paranoid, wondering how long she’d been standing there, but then I thought you would’ve told me when you left.”

I rubbed her bare shoulder. “Nah, she wasn’t out there when I left. Did she say anything?”

She shook her head against my chest. “Nope, just gave me that crazy look. Didn’t even reply when I told her I was going to lunch. And some of the other staff were looking at me crazy, too.”

I chuckled. “I’m sorry, Doc. Didn’t mean to cause any trouble. I really didn’t think you’d yell like that.”

“Don’t I always yell when we have sex, Zo?”

“Yeah, but then you should’ve stopped me.”

“I told you I can’t control myself around you.”

I laughed. “Oh, yeah. I forgot.”

She lifted herself from my chest, and a second or so later, she was straddling me. She leaned forward to kiss me, and asked, “I know you said you don’t have a girlfriend, but are you seeing anyone else at all, Zo?”

With knitted brows, I replied, “When would I have time, Doc?”

She shrugged. “When I’m at work, or when I distanced myself from you.”

“No, baby. I’m not. Are you?”

She shook her head as she sat up straight. “No. So we’re exclusive then?”

I nodded. “Yeah.”

I laid there for a second, watching the wheels turn in her head before I asked, “Your husband cheated on you?”

She sighed quietly. “Several times.”

I placed my hands on her hips. “I’m sorry. That’s why you left him?”

“I left him after he cheated for a third time, or at least I know of three times. Anyway, I left after his woman dropped their baby off for me to babysit for her. I was blindsided, didn’t know about her or the baby. That was it.”

That little ugly-ass nigga really was a moron. “Damn, Doc. I don’t know what to say. He has to be the stupidest fool in Creation to do that to you. But I guess for some men, even the best isn’t good enough.”

“The best, huh?” she asked, biting her bottom lip, making that dimple appear.

“Hell, yeah. The absolute best.”

“Better than Sofia Vergara?”

“Who? I ain’t never been with her.”

“Your little date at the benefit.”

I lifted a brow. “Are you jealous of Veda?”

She pursed her lips. “That’s her name, huh? Veda…”

“Yeah, you jealous of her, Doc?”

“Yeah.”

“Don’t be. We had an arrangement, kind of a mutual understan—”

“What, like regular booty calls or something?”

“Yeah, but after I met, smelled, and tasted you, I cut her off. She’s still pissed about it.”

“Hmm.”

“You know you got me on hard sitting on me like this, right?”

She smiled. “Mm-hmm. I was hoping that would happen.”

“You gonna do something about it, then?”

She reached between us and grabbed me. “What you want me to do?”

I stared at her. “Ride that motherfucker, Doc.”



*****



“Why’d you become a nurse?” I questioned, as I stood at my stove making her breakfast the next morning.

“Are we playing the question game again?”

“We can.”

“Okay, well…I like taking care of people. I became a midwife, because I love being a part of one of God’s greatest miracles. When everything goes right during a birth, it’s pure magic.”

I glanced at her sitting at my kitchen table in turquoise scrubs. “It really is.”

“Why’d you become a drug dealer?”

Damn, she was hitting hard this morning. “Uh, well…I needed money, and plus, it was what I’d grown up seeing. My father was a drug dealer. Got killed on the streets when I was like ten. I really think it was my twisted way of honoring him. He was my idol.”

“Do you regret it now? Being a drug dealer?”

“Yeah. It wasn’t a good decision, worried my poor mother to death. Looking back on it, I know it was the wrong thing to get mixed up in.”

“Were you good at it?”

“At selling drugs? Yeah. Made a lot of money.” I hesitated, and then added, “I actually used drug money to buy this house, my cars, my mama’s house, made some investments with it. Book money helps maintain things, but drug money built my empire.”

“So you lied about being able to afford this place from writing?”

“Maybe…a little. Where do you live? You know my address, but I don’t know yours.”

“I live with my mother in the Lancelot subdivision.”

“Hmm, I was right about you growing up with money.”

“I guess you were. Why’d you stop selling drugs?”

“Because I got tired of it. Got tired of worrying my mom, got tired of watching people I knew die…” I placed her plate before her and then started making my own. “You come from a big family, Doc?”

“Not really. I have two sisters, Angela, and the baby, Nicole. I’m the oldest. Angie and her husband are big-time YouTube celebrities. Nicky just retired from being a professional student and works in student recruitment at Romey University. Were you ever arrested?”

“A few times, but nothing ever stuck.” I sat across from her with my plate. “See, I was dumb to get into that life, but I was a smart businessman. I started trapping when I was sixteen. By the time I was twenty, I was basically running my own empire in my ‘hood in Chicago.”

“Chicago?”

“Yeah, my mom moved us up there after my father died. She had folks up there and wanted to be close to them. Anyway, I rarely got my hands dirty, had other people for that, so the police could never get anything to stick. Plus, a bunch of them were on my payroll or paying customers, anyway. Shit, I even had a few judges on my payroll. Money can get you out of a lot of things. Are you going to give me your address?”

“That depends.”

“On what?”

“Are you dangerous?”

“Do you think I am, Doc? Do I feel dangerous to you?”

“You feel dangerously addictive to me, but I mean, are you violent?”

I shrugged. “I can be. But you don’t have to worry about that. I’d never hurt you.”

“You’ve killed?”

“If I did kill someone, it would’ve been in self-defense.”

“So you have killed someone?”

“Technically, no.”

“What does that mean?”

“It means I have never directly killed anyone.”

“But you have ordered someone be killed?”

“Give me your address, and I’ll answer that question.”

“Am I safe with you? Is anyone looking for you?”

I almost dropped my fork. “Doc, I will rip a motherfucker’s beating heart out their chest if they even look at you the wrong way. And what I don’t finish, Rell will.”

“Do you own a gun?”

“More than one.”

“Will you hurt me?”

“What? No! I wouldn’t put my hands on you!”

“I mean my heart.”

I leaned back in my chair. “You think I’d do what your ugly-ass husband did to you?”

She frowned. “How’d you know he’s ugly? Did I tell you that?”

Shit. I shook my head. “I just figured he was. Now answer my question.”

She dropped her eyes to her plate. “I don’t know, Zo. I just know nothing really frightens me about you, not your past profession or any potential danger attached to it. Not the fact that you’ve probably caused a few deaths. I know those things should scare me, but they don’t. What petrifies me is having my heart broken again. I cannot go through that again. Being betrayed, disrespected, lied to? I just cannot do it.”

“Doc, I need you to look at me.”

She lifted her eyes to meet mine.

“You see this fine nigga you’re looking at?”

She laughed a light little laugh. “You really are fine.”

“I know, shit. And I’m rich and sexy. Can I get violent? Yeah, I can, but I don’t like to and I’m old enough to know how to exercise some self-control now. But look, one thing I can’t control, don’t want to control, is how I feel about you. I’m crazy about you. I wanna be with you, protect you, take care of you. I want to hurt the people who hurt you. I want you to heal, but I’m so damn selfish, I want you to heal for me, so we can have a future together. I’m asking you to believe in me, Doc. Believe in me and what I’m saying. Believe in us. I’m a smart man, unlike that fool you married. I know when I have something good, something worth holding on to. All that shit your ex did? Been there, done that. I’m ready for something real…with you.”

She leveled a stare at me, opened her mouth, and said, “My address is 116 Du-Lac Circle, Romey, Tennessee, 37027.”





21





“I can’t believe you own this movie! It’s one of my favorites!” I said, as we settled on the huge, overstuffed sofa in his home theater.

“Come on, now. I used to be a thug. You know I gotta have Harlem Nights,” he said with a grin, as I rested my back on the arm of the sofa and put my feet in his lap. He rubbed my toes. “Damn, you got some little-ass feet.”

“My feet are huge, Zo.”

“Compared to mine?”

“Well…no, not compared to yours, but they’re big for a woman.”

He shook his head as he bent over and kissed both my feet. “Nah, they’re perfect, just like these legs…” He dragged a hand up my leg. “And these thighs.” He inched his hand up my shortie pajama bottoms. “And this—”

I grabbed his hand. “We’re gonna watch this movie, Zo.”

He nodded, his eyes heavy with lust as he looked at me. “Yeah, yeah, we can watch it…or it can watch us.”

“Nope.”

He sighed. “Well, can I at least play with it while we watch the movie?”

“No!”

“Just take those shorts off and open your legs so I can glance at it every once in a while?”

I laughed. “You need help.”

“I know, and you won’t help me.”

We were halfway through the movie when he left to go to the bathroom, and when he returned, he was naked. He didn’t even look at me, just sat there staring at the huge screen with his arousal clearly evident.

“Uh, Zo?”

With his eyes still on the screen, he said, “Yeah, baby?”

“What are you doing?”

“Watching the movie. Why?”

“Why are you naked?”

“I got hot.” I could see the corner of his mouth twitching like he wanted to laugh.

“You got hot, huh? Well, it’s not hot in here to me.”

“I’m bigger than you. I get hot easier.”

I stared at him for a minute and licked my lips. There in that room with the only light coming from the screen, his body looked beautiful, like a work of art, and I wanted it.

“Come here,” I said huskily.

He glanced at me. “Why?”

“Just come here.”

“I’m tryna watch this movie, Doc. What is it?”

I stood and pulled my shorts and top off, then reclaimed my seat and opened my legs. “You sure you don’t wanna come here?”

He slowly turned his head and looked at me. “Why’re you naked?” he asked, but his hand was now on his erection as he bit his bottom lip.

“I’m hot. Really, really hot.”

He grinned as he eased over to me and kissed me.

As he reached between my legs and began stroking me, I whimpered, “You know how to get your way, don’t you?”

“Absolutely.”



*****





Nearly two months passed before we finally had dinner with his mother. By then, I’d basically moved in with Lorenzo, filling a third of his enormous walk-in closet, which held his huge collection of expensive clothes, with my own clothes. He had a thing for tailored suits, told me he had a new one made every couple of months, because he liked the way he looked in them. So did I.

We talked a lot, and I learned how much he adored his mom and missed his father. He was very protective of his only sibling, his sister, who was the product of a brief relationship Mrs. Higgs had with a younger man in Chicago. The more time I spent with him, the more I learned he was a gentle giant, but a fierce protector of those he cared for.

The day of the dinner, Lorenzo cooked for us, spending hours in the kitchen preparing what he said was his mother’s favorite meal. I was banned from the kitchen, so I spent that Sunday milling around his house, exploring it for the first time. He’d given me a tour weeks earlier, but after that, we pretty much spent all of our time in his bedroom, kitchen, living room, or theater room, with the occasional visit to his office. The house had five bedrooms located upstairs, all fully furnished with gorgeous, if a bit oversized, furniture. But I suppose he’d bought furniture that would accommodate his frame. Each bedroom also had its own bathroom.

Downstairs were the kitchen that my sister, Angie, the cook among me and my sisters, would love, the living room, theater, formal dining room, his office, another smaller bedroom, and two more bathrooms. Rell lived in an apartment above the four-car garage, and I had intended to go chat with him although I knew it would be a one-sided conversation, but he was gone by the time my little tour made it outside.

I had asked Lorenzo about Rell, about whether he couldn’t speak or just didn’t speak, and to my surprise, he said he didn’t know. Lorenzo was best friends with Rell’s brother when he was killed, a casualty of the drug game. Rell was just a boy, ten or eleven years younger than Lorenzo who said he was twenty-five at the time. To honor his friend, he provided for his family and took Rell under his wing. He said Rell was as much his little brother as he was an employee, and that since he’d known him, he’d been mute, even before his brother’s death.

I was a wreck by that evening, sitting at the foot of Lorenzo’s bed fully dressed, watching him towel off from his shower.

“Damn, you look good!” he said, as he dragged the towel over his thick hair, which was cut into a low fade.

I looked down at the black cape dress covering my body and shrugged. “Thanks.”

With the bath sheet in his hand, he walked his naked body over to me and reached for me, pulling me to him. I tried to back away, but he held me in place. “You’re gonna get me wet,” I complained.

“Shit, don’t I always?” he asked, with a grin.

“Zo…stop.”

“What’s wrong with you?”

“Nothing. Why?”

“You’re biting your lip, staring at the floor. What’s going on?”

I sighed. “I don’t know. Nervous.”

“About having dinner with my mom and Mel? You shouldn’t be. Shit, I’m the one who’s gonna be embarrassed. No telling what deep dark secret she’s gonna reveal tonight.”

I tilted my head to the side. “Stop.”

He frowned as he leaned in and kissed my neck. “I’m serious, Doc! You’ll see.”

“Does your mother know I’ve been staying here?”

“No. Should she?”

“No, because she’ll think I’m a ho’.”

He chuckled. “No, she won’t. I told you, she likes you, especially since she hates Veda.”

I raised my eyebrows. “She hates Veda?”

“With a damn passion.” He cupped my face in his hands. “Don’t be nervous, okay?”

I nodded.

“You need some sex or something to relax?”

“No.”

“You sure?”

“No, but we don’t have time for that. Your mom will be here any minute, and I’m not having dinner with her with my coochie all wet and stuff. Hurry up and get dressed.”

“Yes, ma’am,” he said, as he gave me a kiss and a salute.



*****





Betty Jean Higgs arrived in a gorgeous white pantsuit that complemented her skin, which was a shade or two darker than her son’s. She greeted me with a huge smile and damn near yanked me into the tightest, warmest hug. Melyssa, who seemed to look even younger than her seventeen years in a cute denim dress, was right behind her holding baby Loren who was almost three months old and was filling out well. She was such a beautiful little blessing that I held her from the time they arrived, to the time Lorenzo called us into the dining room.

Little Loren had fallen asleep, and I smiled when Rell walked into the dining room wearing a suit and carrying a bassinet that he set in the corner of the room so the baby would be close by. My eyes widened when Rell joined us at the table.

“Tyrell, you know better than that. You better come give me my hug,” Lorenzo’s mother said.

Rell smiled, leaving his chair and bending over to hug the much-smaller woman.

I suppose my astonishment was written all over my face, because Lorenzo chuckled, and said, “Don’t feel bad, Doc. My mama is the only person who can get Rell to be even remotely sociable.”

“That’s right,” Mrs. Higgs said. “Tyrell is my boy, too. Closest thing to another son I’ve ever had, and he knows he better mind me.”

A sheepish look spread across Rell’s face as I looked at him.

Lorenzo had cooked a spread fit for a few kings and queens—lobster, crab legs, T-bone steaks, shrimp mashed potatoes, spicy corn on the cob, and sautéed kale. I had to have a little talk with myself to keep from looking like I hadn’t had a bite to eat in years.

We were halfway through the meal when Mrs. Higgs said, “So, when are you two getting married?”

Lorenzo, who was sitting right next to me chewing on something, started coughing so hard I jumped up from the table and readied myself to do the Heimlich maneuver, hoping I’d be able to do it effectively on someone his size. “You okay, Zo?!” I shrieked.

He coughed a few more seconds and then cleared his throat, took a sip of water, and said, “I’m fine, Doc.”

I looked at him for a moment. “You sure?”

“Yeah, yeah. Sit down, baby.”

I hesitated before taking my seat and had to keep myself from laughing when his elegant-looking, attractive mother said, “Negro, I don’t know why you choking. You know you need to marry this girl. She’s the best woman I’ve ever seen you spend time with. Pretty, professional, and obviously crazy about your big ass.”

Mel giggled, and I swear I heard Rell chuckle. I glanced at Lorenzo, who wore a look of pure embarrassment on his face, and decided to rescue him. “Um, well…Mrs. Higgs, we’ve only been seeing each other for a couple of months, so—”

“Honey, you might have only been in a relationship with him for a couple of months, but that boy has been in love with you since he laid eyes on you. Couldn’t stop talking about you that day you came out here and delivered my grandbaby. Kept going on and on about the way you steadied his hand when he was about to cut the cord. Said it was like something went through him when you touched him, and he knew you were the woman for him.”

I looked over at Lorenzo, who raised an eyebrow and kind of peeped at me, and then returned my attention to his mother. “He-he’s never told me that.”

“Humph, I’m not surprised, but I am surprised at his reaction to my question since he told me himself that he was going to marry you. All I asked was when it was gonna happen.”

“Come on, Mama. Dang,” Lorenzo muttered. Up until that point, he’d always been so cool and commanding and in control, but here in his mother’s presence, he was like a teenaged boy enduring some story about how he used to wet the bed.

“Come on Mama what? Did you not tell me all of that, Lorenzo Odell Higgs?”

Odell?

“Damn—I mean—please stop, Mama,” he pleaded.

Mel was giggling so hard she was in tears, while Rell wore an amused expression on his face.

“Did you?”

He sighed. “Yes, ma’am, I did.”

“I know you did.”

He rubbed his forehead and sighed again.

“I’ma leave you alone, boy. Hey, you know you cooked this food. Woo! All my favorites, too!” she exclaimed.

“Of course I did, Ma. Anything for you. You know that, even though you love to embarrass me.”

“Oh, hush. I didn’t hurt your big butt. The truth ain’t never hurt no one.”

After dinner, as she and Mel waited for Rell to pull the car around, Mrs. Higgs wrapped me in another hug and whispered in my ear, “I’m so glad you came into my boy’s life. I can’t stand that trashy-ass Veda.”

I smiled, and a few minutes later, stood next to Lorenzo on the front steps, watching them leave.

Once we were inside, climbing the stairs and heading to bed, I asked his back, “Did you mean that stuff you said about me to your mom?”

He stopped for a second and then continued up the stairs. “Yeah, I did,” he said softly.

“You wanna marry me?”

“Eventually, yes.”

“You love me, Zo?”

We’d made it to the second floor and had walked down the hall into his bedroom before he finally answered me. “If I say yes, are you gonna run from me again?”

I halted my steps by the closet where I was getting ready to take my dress off and hang it up, and turned around. “What?”

“You’ve always been worried about us moving too fast. We’ve only been together for a short while, so I’m thinking if I say I love you right now, you’ll break and run. I’d rather that not happen again.”

“Zo, I’m sorry for being so wishy-washy before, but please believe me when I say I don’t plan on going anywhere, especially if you tell me you love me.”

He was sitting on the side of the bed, his tie loose around his neck and his eyes glued to me. “Then yes, I love you, Doc. Have for a while now.”

I kind of just stood there with my dress half on and half off. “Zo…”

He shrugged. “I do, Doc. Don’t expect you to say it back, at least not right now.”

I walked over to him, stepping between his legs. “Maybe I want to. Maybe I love you, too.”

He reached up, resting his huge hands on my hips. “Maybe?”

“Definitely. I love you, Zo.”

He smiled, stood, and pulled me into a knee-buckling kiss.

When his mouth finally left mine, I said, “Zo, since you love me, can I call you Odell?”

“Hell, no.”





22





“Y’all still haven’t rented the other side of this place out? You haven’t had a tenant since Ryan lived there.”

“Girl, we haven’t had time!”

“And I guess you really don’t need the money with the way YouTube is going for y’all, plus all that commercial money.”

“Yeah.” She adjusted herself on the sofa. “Soooo, I heard somebody don’t never be home anymore, and her name is not Nicole Strickland,” Angie said, as we sat in her living room waiting for Nicky to arrive. It’d been a long time since we got together for the sisterly bonding we’d all promised to make time for. Angie and Ryan had been busy traveling the country, attending events, Nicky had been so scarce that none of us, including Mama, really knew what she’d been up to, and I’d been in cohabitational bliss with Zo, spending nearly every second I wasn’t at work up under him, letting his good loving soak in. I’d also gained ten pounds from eating his good cooking.

“Who told you that? Mama?” I asked.

“Yeah, she said she had the place to herself these days. Said you started disappearing on her right after your divorce was finalized, and I told her you’re always too busy when I call and invite you out to lunch.”

“That’s because every time you call, Zo is already waiting outside to take me to lunch or he’s fixed something for me at home.”

“At home, huh? So, this thing with you two is serious, Nay?”

I nodded. “Ang, you think I’m moving too fast? I mean, do you think I’m making a mistake by being with another man so soon after Robert?”

“Nay, I don’t know if I’m the authority on taking things slowly. I mean, I knew I loved Ryan pretty quickly, like three months into our relationship. I’d never felt anything like that before. Absolutely nothing compared to what I felt for my husband. It was undeniable, no matter how little time had passed.”

I nodded.

“Is that how you feel about Lorenzo?”

“It is, but…when I used to hear about people falling in love basically at first sight, I thought there was no way that could really happen. I just thought you had to take time and really get to know a person to love them.”

“Maybe in some cases, but I don’t think there are any hard and fast rules when it comes to love. It’s whatever fits for the people involved. You really love him, don’t you?”

“I do. So much. But he’s got a past, you know? And he’s told me things that should be setting off alarms all over the place, but all I feel when I’m with him is love.”

“Then go with that, big sis. You can’t lose with love. Not when it’s real.”

“It’s definitely real. Like you said, I’ve never felt anything like it before. Not even with Robert.”

“You’re happy?”

“Happier than I’ve ever been in my entire life.”

“Good.”

Ryan peeked his head in the living room and smiled at us. “Y’all need anything?”

“No, baby,” Angie answered.

“Okay, I’m headed to the gym in a second, baby. Want me to bring y’all anything back?”

Angie shook her head. “Nothing I can think of.”

A few minutes later, he stepped into the living room, bent over and kissed Angie, and waved at me as he headed out the door.

“Oh, Ryan!” Angie called after him. “Don’t forget, it’s your night to twist my hair.”

“Okay, I’ma grease your scalp, too. I forgot to do it the other night.”

“Okay, bye. Love you.”

“Love you more.”

After he left, I just sat there and stared at my sister.

“What?” she asked, when she finally felt my eyes on her.

“Girl, you got that man twisting your hair?”

She shrugged. “He offered to do it a few months back, and now we take turns. He loves it.”

“No, he loves you, and you’ve got him sprung! Ooooo, Angie!”

She smiled. “I really do, huh? But you can’t talk. Up in that big old mansion, getting driven to work. You say he cooks for you, and I heard your ass be getting flowers delivered to you like every other day. Expensive ones, too.”

“Janine?”

“Girl, yeah. I ran into her at the Smoothie Hut the other day, and she was just talking all over herself about your mystery man in a suit, and how you were in your office making sex sounds a few months back, and how you keep arriving at work in chauffeur-driven cars, and of course, she mentioned the flowers.”

“She was trying to get some information from you. Did you give her any?”

“No, I didn’t share what little I knew about you and Lorenzo…but I am wondering why you haven’t told her anything? You scared she’ll tell Robert and he’ll start acting up again?”

“No. I think maybe I just enjoy having a little mystery surrounding our relationship, and at first, I really didn’t feel like being judged for moving on so quickly after my divorce was final, but I think I’m gonna go ahead and tell her before she has an aneurysm or something.”

Angie giggled. “Please do.”

“Where’s Nicky? She’s usually late, but not this late,” I said.

Angie frowned. “I know. You think she forgot we were meeting here and went to Mama’s?”

I shrugged. “Let me call her.”

“Hello?” Nicky answered, sounding awkward.

“Nicky? Where are you? We’re waiting on you.”

“Renee? Was that tonight?”

“You know it’s me, and yes, that’s tonight.”

“Oh, wow. I’m so sorry. Give Angela my apologies, too. Travis and I are hosting a dinner party tonight. We’re having some of his colleagues over and—oh, Travvie needs me. Gotta go. Talk later? Bye.”

I held the phone and stared at Angie. “I don’t know what just happened or who the hell that was on the phone, but she did not sound like Nicole Lisette Strickland.”

Angie frowned. “Huh? Did you dial the wrong number?”

“No.”

“That was Nicky you were talking to?”

“Uh, yeah.”

“Well, what’d she say?”

I rehashed our conversation to Angie, to which she replied, “Maybe she’s just trying to grow up. Maybe that’s what her acting like an adult sounds like.”

I shook my head. “She sounded weird, Ang, like some stilted white girl. It was like she was putting on a show.”

Angie seemed to think on it for a second, and said, “That might be true, too. She’s been in overdrive trying to get a husband since me and Ryan got married. Maybe she’s putting on a show to reel Travis in.”

“Maybe…but how is that gonna work? Pretending to be someone else in order to get married? Won’t she have to keep up the act in order to stay married?”

“Probably. Look, Nay, I’m not gonna sit here and worry about Nicky. If anyone knows how to take care of their self, it’s her.”

“True.”

“All right. I’m gonna go get the wine. You shuffle the cards.”

“Yes, little sister,” I said, as I picked up the red deck of cards and prepared to whoop Angie in a game of spades.



*****





I was sitting at my desk a few days after that, wrapping up some charting when a text came through.

Lorenzo: Your chariot awaits, Doc.

I smiled. This had been our routine since about my third week of living with him. I’d text him some time in the day and let him know when I’d be ready to go, since the nature of my job sometimes caused my working hours to be irregular, and he would send Rell to pick me up. Sometimes he’d be in the car, too, and sometimes he wouldn’t, depending on how deep he was in his writing cave. This started when I had to leave in the middle of the night for a home birth. The thought of me being out that time of night by myself really upset him, and he insisted that Rell drive me. I felt bad for Rell and told him so, but he gave me a smile that assured me he didn’t mind. I was glad, because there was no convincing Lorenzo that I could drive myself, even though I’d been doing it for years. After that, me getting driven to and from work, no matter the time, became a daily thing.

I didn’t bother to text him back, just gathered my purse and cell phone and left my office. This was one of the rare occasions when my departure time from Genesis coincided with its regular closing hour and there were no laboring patients in any of the birthing rooms, so several staff members, including Janine and Cass, were out on the parking lot heading to their cars.

Rell had already opened the door for me and was standing next to the car. I greeted him with a smile, and when I saw that Lorenzo was sitting in the backseat, said, “Hold on,” and called for Janine and Cass. Cass wore a curious look on her face as she crossed the parking lot toward me. Janine, who had been eying Lorenzo’s car while pretending to unlock her own car door, almost fell trying to hurry over to me.

Once the ladies had made it to the car, I leaned in, and said, “Baby, get out. Got some folks I want you to meet.”

Lorenzo gave me this questioning look before climbing out of the car in a suit that made him look positively scrumptious. I grabbed his hand and turned to face my friends-slash-coworkers. “Cass, Janine, this is Lorenzo. Lorenzo, Cass has been my friend since nursing school and is co-owner of Genesis with me, and you’ve met Janine. She’s one of my oldest friends, as well as our receptionist.”

He took and kissed both of their hands, and they gushed all over themselves and him about how nice it was to finally meet my new boyfriend.

“Wait, you are her boyfriend, right?” Janine asked.

He smiled and nodded. “Yeah, when she lets me be.”

I rolled my eyes as he wrapped an arm around my shoulder. “Yes, Lorenzo is my boyfriend, bae, man crush every day, my man. I know y’all have been speculating along with everyone else in the office, so now you know for sure.” Rell was still standing by the car, so I added, “Oh, and this is Rell. I’m sure you’ve seen him before, too.”

Rell smiled and nodded at the two ladies, and then I watched Janine slide her eyes up and down his massive body. Rell was big and solid like Lorenzo, only younger, bigger, and much more muscular, and he must’ve been about six-seven. At first glance, Rell’s sheer size could scare the crap out of you, and it didn’t help that he usually wore this serious expression on his face, but he was actually pretty nice-looking—dark skin, almond eyes, great smile when he wore one, and Janine’s little short butt looked like she was a second away from sopping him up with a biscuit. Rell’s eyes were glued to her, too.

“Well, Lorenzo, I’m glad you’re her new man. Lord knows I was thrilled when she got rid of the old one,” Cass said.

My mouth flew open.

“I’m glad she did, too. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to fall in love with her,” Lorenzo said.

Cass and Janine virtually melted all over the parking lot.

Minutes later, as we sat holding hands in the back of his Escalade, I noticed the tiny smile on Lorenzo’s face as he gazed out the window.

“What are you grinning about?” I asked.

He shifted his eyes from the window to me. “Just glad you finally pulled me out of the closet. I was beginning to think you were ashamed of me.”

I frowned. “Ashamed of you? Are you serious?”

“Yeah.”

“What could I possibly be ashamed of, Zo? The fact that you’re gorgeous, handsome, sexy, rich, kind, generous, treat me like a queen, and sex me properly every single night?”

“Damn, that’s what you think of me?”

“Yes! Now what in the world do you think I’d be ashamed of?”

He shrugged. “My past? The fact that I used to be a drug dealer who now writes books with a lot of cursing, killing, and screwing in them. The fact that you’re a nurse and a reputable business owner, and I’m just…me.”

I stared him in the eye. “No, Zo. I’m not ashamed of any of that.”

“Doc, we haven’t been on a single date since before your divorce. We do everything at my house.”

“Zo, you haven’t asked me out since I got divorced! I think maybe we just got caught up in being together.”

“And having sex?”

I smiled. “Yeah, and having sex. And plus, you’re a hermit and you know it.”

He chuckled. “Yeah, I am. But besides that, you weren’t telling folks about us, were you?”

“My sisters have always known, and my mom. I just didn’t figure it was anybody else’s business.”

“What changed today?”

I leaned in and brushed his lips with mine. “Today, I decided I wanted to share just how lucky and blessed I am.”

“Then let’s get dressed up and go out tonight to celebrate.”

“Okay.”



*****



After I convinced Zo that one, I had plenty of dressy clothes at my mother’s house and there was no need for him to buy me anything, and two, that I was more than capable of driving myself to my mother’s house, I went and retrieved some more of my clothes. I was in my room gathering everything I thought I’d need for the date, three outfits to choose from, including shoes and accessories to match, when a voice nearly made me jump out of my skin.

“Whose Maybach is that in the driveway?!” Nicky shouted.

I replied with, “Where the hell did you come from?! You scared me half to death!”

“I just got home, and I saw that car in the driveway. Whose is it?”

“You still call this home?” I asked.

“Yes.” She rolled her eyes. “Travis is out of town on business for a few days, so I decided to come home and see what y’all were up to. The car, Nay?”

“It’s Lorenzo’s.”

“Lorenzo?” She actually sounded like she was searching her brain, trying to figure out who he was.

“The man I’ve been seeing for months now?”

Her eyes widened. “Cunnilingus?”

“Nicky, really?”

“Seriously, I’m trying to place him. He’s the fine one who ate your—”

“Yes, that’s him. What other man have I mentioned since Robert?”

As I zipped up the garment bag, she plopped down on the side of the bed, and said, “Ugh, don’t bring that troll up, and it’s been a while since we talked. I haven’t talked to Angie, either.”

“And whose fault is that?”

She sighed. “Anyway, you two are together now? I mean, when I talked to Mama for a second the other week or month or whatever, she said your divorce had gone through, but she didn’t mention him.”

I shrugged. “She knows about him, just hasn’t met him. Maybe she’s preoccupied with her own love life.”

She frowned. “You’re packing a bag, driving his car…and you’ve got this aura about you like you’re getting good dick on the regular. Wait, are you living with him?”

“Good dick aura? I’ve heard it all. You are really crazy, Nicky.”

“You are! You’re shacking up with a man! I can’t believe it, Nay! I’m soooo proud of you! And you must be putting it on him right for him to let you drive his damn Maybach. I know niggas that wouldn’t let me drive their damn Ford Focus. Broke asses.”

I grinned. “I guess. Wait, you’re not going to talk mess about me being in another relationship so soon after my divorce?”

“Hell, no! From what you said before, that man is rich. Girrrl, you don’t bullshit around with rich niggas! You snatch them up ASAP!”

“Um, okay…but I really don’t care about his money. He’s so good to me, and—”

“Renee! OMG! So you’re living in the mansion with him? I thought I was doing something with Travis. He’s got a great condo, but shit! You got it going on for real, big sis! Oh! You should host our girls’ night at his place this month!”

“It’s your turn to host. I was hoping me and Angie would get to check out Travis’ place and maybe actually get a real introduction since you barely told us his name at the benefit and then ignored us the entire night.”

“Look, let me reel him in good before I unleash y’all on him.”

“What do you mean unleash us? What you think we’re gonna do? Tell him you’re a ho’?”

“Yes.”

“You know we wouldn’t do that. He’ll find out eventually anyway, though.”

“No he won’t, because I’m barely even hoeing anymore. I’ve only slept with one other guy, Maurice, since I’ve been staying with Travis and we’ve only done it like six times and that’s only because Travis can’t really screw well, but I’m working with him, you know?”

I just stared at her.

“But for real, you should host our girls’ night! Pleeeeease! I’ve never been in a real mansion before!”

“Okay, okay! I’ll talk to Zo about it. If it’s okay with him, I’ll do it.”

“Girl, be sure you put some of your magical, Maybach-driving coochie on him before you ask. I bet his ass will not only say yes, he’ll be up in there serving us hors d’oeuvres and shit.”

I shook my head. “Nicky, if I plan this, your disappearing ass better show up this time. No me having to call and find out where you are and you sounding like some lost white girl over the phone.”

“Oh, I’ll be there.”

“And you better not refer to him as ‘Cunnilingus’ in his presence.”

“How about just Cunni?”

“Nicky, if your ass doesn’t behave…”

“Okay, okay!!”





23





We had to flip a coin to decide where to go that night. I wanted to check out Coda, a little jazz club that was pretty popular. I had heard they served good food and wanted to see if all the hype was true. Renee wanted to go to the bar at the Sable Inn for a few drinks and light appetizers, reasoning that we had plenty of food to eat back at home. She won.

The atmosphere was laid back with some old-school R&B sifting through the sound system. We sat at a table in a corner and chatted mostly about her day at work, and then we both fell silent.

“What are you thinking about?” she asked, as I sat there staring at her.

“How beautiful you are and how lucky I am to have you.”

She smiled. “Thank you, Zo.”

“You’re welcome, Doc. I can’t stop looking at you. I mean, that dress? Damn, you are looking so sexy right now!”

She giggled. “I’m glad you think I’m sexy, baby.”

With a wrinkled brow, I said, “Think? I know you’re sexy. You’re the sexiest woman I’ve ever seen in my whole damn life! Don’t you know you’re sexy?”

She shrugged.

I sat there for a second, tilted my head to the side, and asked, “Didn’t your husband ever tell you that?”

She averted her gaze and shook her head. “No…or at least not after I gained this weight, not that I was ever a small person. But after our marriage began falling apart some years ago, I started gaining and I really think it turned him off.”

I sat up straight and frowned. “He said that to you? That he was turned off by you?” Man, I should’ve let Rell beat his entire halfling ass!

“No, but…I don’t know. He didn’t exactly make me feel desired. I mean, we still had sex up until a few months before I left, but it didn’t feel like…”

“Like you and me?”

“Right. It definitely didn’t feel like you and me.”

“Then it’s good you got rid of his dumb ass, because what you and I have? That’s how love is supposed to be.”

“Yeah…”

“Doc, you could gain a thousand pounds, and I’d still want you and find you sexy as hell.”

She looked at me, her eyes shining with what I was sure were tears.

“I love you, Doc, and not just because you turn me completely on at all times. I love you because you are the kindest, most intelligent woman I have ever met, and shit, you don’t judge me. You didn’t break and run when you found out about my past. That means a lot to me, because I know a woman like you has every reason to run from my used-to-be-a-thug ass.”

She shook her head. “I don’t think my ex-husband ever even got as much as a traffic ticket, but he was a horrible person and he treated me like shit for most of our marriage. You? Your past might not be squeaky clean, but you have been good to me, have loved me like he never did, and I’m thankful for that.”

I leaned in and kissed her on the lips, then the neck. “I’m thankful for you, Doc. Always will be.”

I wrapped my arm around her shoulder and she leaned into me. “Zo, can I ask you something?”

“Yeah, baby. Anything.”

“Why’d you want me to drive your car to my mom’s house today?”

“I don’t know. You didn’t like driving it?”

“No, I mean, I did. It’s nice, Zo, but there’s nothing wrong with my car other than the fact that it’s been sitting in your driveway for weeks.”

I shrugged. “You’re my lady. Just wanted you to ride in style. Not saying that your car is trash or anything, but…”

She sat up and swatted my arm. “No, really. Tell me the truth. You insisted that I drive it. Why? I mean, I get why you want Rell to drive me to work, and sometimes I’m so tired, I know it’s best he does, but other than that, I can drive myself in the car I’m still paying on.”

“I’ll pay it off for you.”

“Zo, for real.”

I sighed and slipped my arm from her shoulder. “Doc, shit. I guess I was subconsciously trying to make sure you would come back.”

Her brow furrowed as she looked at me. “Huh? Where do you think I’m going?”

“I don’t know, baby. I guess I’m still feeling kind of insecure, can’t shake the feeling that you’re gonna leave me like you did before.”

“For what reason, Zo?”

“There wasn’t a reason before, Doc. You just got scared and left. How do I know you won’t do that again?”

She rested her hand on my cheek. “Because I’m looking you in the eye and giving you my word that I won’t. I’m not going anywhere. I’m past whatever that was back then. I don’t care how long or not long we’ve known each other. All I care about is that I feel alive when I’m with you. Alive and loved, two things I haven’t felt in a long, long time. I’m staying, I’m yours, and I love you, Lorenzo Odell Higgs.”

I smirked and shook my head. “You just had to throw that Odell in there, huh?”

She grinned. “Uh-huh.”

“I can’t believe my mama said my middle name in front of you. What’s your middle name, so I can torture you back.”

“Elise.”

“Bougie-ass middle name…It fits.”

“So I’m bougie?”

“Hell, yeah! Ms. Benefit Organizing Business Owner. And you know what I wanna do to your bougie ass right now?”

“What?”

“Take you home and get a taste of my pussy.”

“Your pussy?”

“Who else’s is it?”

“It’s yours, I just repeated it because I like the way it sounds. Turns me on.”

I leaned in close to her ear, and whispered, “My pussy, my pussy, my…pussy.”

With heavy eyelids, she looked at me, and said, “I am so damn wet right now.”

I hopped up and reached for her hand. “Come on.”

She lifted a brow. “But I haven’t finished my drink.”

“I’ll send Rell to buy a whole damn liquor store and a fucking bartender, if you want. I’m hard as hell, and if we don’t leave, I’ma bend you over this table and fuck you into oblivion right here and right now.”

She took my hand and moved into my personal space, placing her hands on the sides of my face, bringing it down to hers and kissing me with so much passion that I actually felt a little lightheaded. Then she smiled, and said, “Why don’t we just get a room here, then? You wanna do that?”

I stared at her for a moment. “Hell. Yeah.”





24





“You think this’ll be enough food for you and your sisters?” Lorenzo asked, as we stood in his kitchen facing the counter.

With wide eyes, I nodded. “Five different kinds of finger sandwiches, meatballs, fruit and veggie trays, assorted cheeses, crackers, and you had your mother bake two cakes and a pie? Yeah, I think that’s enough, Zo. More than enough considering we usually just have popcorn and wine when we get together.” I stretched up on my toes and kissed him. “Thanks, baby.”

He smiled, then gave me this preoccupied look. “There’s wine, too. Red, white, like three bottles of each, and—”

“Zo, everything’s perfect.”

He peered down at me. “You sure? I mean, this is your family. I want everything to be right.”

I wrapped my arms around him, locking my eyes with his, and said, “Baby, I’m hosting girls’ night in a mansion, your mansion, with a ton of food, a theater at our disposal, enough wine to intoxicate an elephant, and there are seven bathrooms. Seven. That bathroom count alone is going to impress my sisters. So, you’re good, and for the record, the only person you need to impress is me, and you do that every single day.”

He smiled, slipping his arm around me as he kissed me while easing his hand down my back to squeeze my butt. I giggled as I stepped out of his embrace and headed to the foyer, peeping through one if the thin windows that flanked the front door to see if either of my sisters had arrived.

“You told Rell they were coming, right? He knows to let them in the gate?”

I felt the heat from Lorenzo’s body as he stepped up behind me. “Yeah, baby. I told him.” He moved my hair and kissed my neck, adding, “And they’re not even supposed to be here for another thirty minutes,” as he reached around and squeezed my right breast.

“I know. I’m just excited to see them. Last time, it was just me and Angie. I’ve missed Nicky’s loony ass.”

He slid his hand down the front of my body to my jeans, fumbling with the button for a second before saying, “Unbutton those for me.”

“What are you doing?”

“What you think I’m doing?”

“Now?”

“You know of a better time?”

“Yeah, later.”

“You turning me down?”

Before I could answer, he’d spun me around and was devouring my mouth, which served to weaken me a little. But when he took my hand and placed it on his erection, well, my lady parts instantly morphed into a water park complete with wading pools and slides and rides and lazy rivers and splash pads. The next thing I knew, I was on the floor right there in the foyer, my jeans and panties abandoned as I eagerly straddled Lorenzo’s face, what he had often told me was one of his favorite positions. I shuddered at the sensation of his tongue against my clit, loved the moans he released as if pleasing me truly pleased him, too. I grinded against his mouth, throwing my head back as I hummed his name.

It didn’t take long for me to climax, and the orgasm was so intense that all I could do was slide off his face and lie on the floor next to him, my chest heaving as I tried to recover. I closed my eyes and placed a hand on my chest, feeling my heart race under my blouse as Lorenzo opened my rubbery legs and slid his shaft inside me. I opened my eyes as he closed his and groaned loudly, thrusting urgently, fiercely, deeply. He felt achingly good, the kind of good I wanted to last forever.

I wrapped my arms around him, pulling him close as he captured my mouth, hungrily consuming it as he continued to bury himself deep inside of me, then moved his mouth so that it pressed against mine as his breathing grew ragged. He caressed my cheek as he stared into my eyes. Then his brow furrowed as he thrusted one final time before roaring my name.

We were getting redressed when one pair of car lights, then another, shone through the windows, illuminating the entryway.

Lorenzo kissed my cheek and began walking away.

“Where you going?” I asked.

“To get some air freshener. Smells like someone’s been having sex in here.”



*****



We were in the kitchen, loading our plates with food, when Nicky said, “Damn! You made all this, Nay?”

“No, Lorenzo did.”

She stuck a toothpick in a meatball, and said, “Wow! All these hors d’oeuvres…”

I rolled my eyes.

We settled around the table, and after Nicky had drained her first glass of wine, she said, “Where did Lorenzo go? He greeted us and disappeared.”

“Probably closed up in his office writing,” I replied. “Why?”

“Because I didn’t want to say this with him around. But anyway, Nay, that motherfucker is fine! Shit! Big-ole thick, grown man fine!”

“I told you he was,” Angie reminded her.

“And so handsome in a rough, ‘I been through some shit’ kind of way. Girrrrl, I bet he be having you yelling your ABC’s backwards! Good grief! I bet he can bait the hook and fry the fish!”

I couldn’t help but laugh. “Nicky! What the hell does that even mean?”

She drank half of another glass of wine. “That he can get his cunnilingus on and then hit you with that superior stroke game. Am I wrong?”

I grinned, took a sip from my own glass of wine, and said, “Nope.”

“Got me all hot just thinking about how good it probably is. Makes me wanna give all of this to Maurice later tonight,” Nicky said.

“Don’t you mean Travis?” Angie asked, looking confused.

“No, she means Maurice,” I said.

The confusion remained on Angie’s face.

“Nay, this is truly some Cinderella shit. You went from that doggone frog to a big-old rich prince!” Nicky gushed.

“Um, I think you’re mixing up two fairy tales, Nicky,” Angela pointed out.

Nicky shrugged. “I’m just saying, you don’t bullshit with your upgrades. It’s like you traded in one of those big, brick-ass Nokia phones for some shit they ain’t even invented yet, like a damn iPhone 22!”

“As crazy as Nicky is, I have to agree, and Nay, if anyone deserves what you have now with Lorenzo, you do. You put in enough years of misery with a man who didn’t appreciate you. But Lorenzo? Girl, he is all gone over you. I really don’t think he wanted to leave us alone. I have never seen a sexier kiss on the cheek in my life,” Angie said.

“Yeah, he loves me, and I love him, too.” Noticing that Nicky was pouring a third glass of wine, I added, “Nicky, you planning on staying here tonight? I can’t let you drive if you’re gonna keep drinking.”

“I’ll have Travis pick me up. Gotta go home to him since I have him right where I want him.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?” I asked.

“He proposed.”

My eyes widened. “Did you accept?”

“Not yet, but I will. I told him I needed to think about it. You know, let him sweat for a while. That way, when I accept in a month or so, he’ll feel like the luckiest man in the world.”

Angie said, “But what about Maurice?”

“Who?” Nicky asked.

Angie looked at me, and I just shook my head.

“Okaaaay…well, what about Damon then?” Angie questioned.

Nicky frowned. “What about him? He’s still, and always will be, my BFF.”

Angie reclined in her chair and gave Nicky a smirk. “Nicky, come on. You know he’s in love with you, and you care about him, too. You lost your mind when he came home to visit last year, and you guys have kept in touch since then, right?”

“Uh, first of all, we love each other as friends. Second, yes, I lost my mind when he visited because I had not seen or talked to him in a decade and he is my best friend, and third, yes, we keep in touch because we’re—you guessed it—friends!”

“Nothing more?” Angie pushed.

I wasn’t around Damon as much as Angie back in the day, but I always thought he was sweet, and it was obvious even to me that he was crazy about Nicky. So I said, “Yeah, I always thought there was more there than friendship, too.”

“No! We’re just friends! Me and Damon are not going down that road again.”

“What road?” Angie asked. Then she sat up straight and shrieked, “You and Damon—”

Nicky downed her wine in one gulp and shook her head. “I don’t wanna talk about this.” Her voice sounded shaky, like whatever had happened was deeper than she was willing to let on.

Angie and I looked at each other as Nicky stood from the table and excused herself to the bathroom.

“You remember where I showed you it was?” I asked her retreating back.

“No, but I’ll find it.”

Once she was gone, I asked, “What was that?”

Angie shook her head. “I don’t know. Looks like something went down between them that’s got her shook. Never seen her like that before. She looked like she was really upset.”

“Right.”

A few seconds later, Nicky returned with slightly puffy eyes, as if she’d been crying, and me and Angie dropped the subject of Damon altogether.





25





I had to agree to take call for three weekends in a row in order to travel with Lorenzo to the three-day Black Fiction Festival in Maryland, or as he called it, the Fic Fest. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to go, it was just that, like I said before, I hated conferences, and he’d told me that was essentially what this was. A huge conference with writers and book lovers, complete with panels and everything. The only big difference would be that the authors would be the vendors, and Lorenzo, or Street, was one of the featured authors. He was also on a panel, and as a featured author, was hosting his own meet and greet.

He was so excited about this event that by the time the day came for us to leave, I was kind of stoked about it, too. He promised this event would be like nothing I’d ever attended before, and well, he was right.

The Fic Fest was held in an event center in the DMV. We arrived early to set his booth up and met some other really nice authors. We’d flown in the night before, had rested well, but were a little late getting to the venue because Lorenzo, and I quote, had to have some of his pussy that morning. Not that I was complaining.

Lorenzo had had all his books and table swag shipped to a member of his street team, which he’d had to explain to me was a group of fans who helped him spread the word about his books. Most volunteered their services, but he’d actually paid this young lady to receive and bring his inventory to this event.

She damn near climbed him when we arrived, and I pretty much had to talk myself into not snatching her bald. But after Lorenzo introduced us and made it clear that I was his woman, she calmed down considerably. That might have also had something to do with the scowl I gave her. I usually wasn’t really the jealous type. That was probably why Robert got away with cheating on me more than once. I never went looking for anything or got upset when women approached him. Wait, who was I kidding? Robert wasn’t Lorenzo by a long shot, the longest of shots. Women didn’t exactly fawn over him, because he wasn’t attractive. He just managed to somehow find affair partners who, like me, were willing to see past his looks. But I never experienced with him what I experienced with Lorenzo that day.

Anyway, the street team member, Stacy, left shortly after we got there to change and promised to be back with the others. The others turned out to be five other women who all came dressed in shorts and black t-shirts with the words “Street’s Team” on them in red lettering, made to look like oozing blood. I quickly found out their jobs were to walk around the venue handing out Lorenzo’s promotional items, like postcards and bookmarks, as a way of driving traffic to his table, while Stacy, dressed in the same attire, stayed behind to help him at the table by handing him books to sign. He gave me the task of handling the payments, and I quickly had to get acclimated to using the app on his tablet to process credit card payments or make change for the cash customers. Not complicated work, but extremely chaotic, because to say my man was popular would be a huge understatement.

Good Lord!

When they opened the venue’s doors to the public, people literally poured into the place, with a vast majority of them making their way to see Lorenzo. Some came prepared to buy one or all of the seven books he had in publication. Others came with their own personal copies for him to sign. They grinned, declared their love for him—not for his books, but him—took pictures with him beside the huge standing sign of him that sat next to his table, had him sign everything from the variety of Street’s Team t-shirts some of them wore, to the souvenir books that were handed out at the door, to the palms of their hands. One woman had him sign her bare back!

Some of these women were even crying about finally getting to meet him. It was like I was at the table with Drake or The Weeknd, or shit, Beyoncé. It was amazing, exhilarating, and when I wasn’t side-eyeing some of the bolder women, I was feeling extremely proud of my man. In this world, just like in my world, he was a superstar.

But at the end of the day, I was also exhausted. So was he, but I could imagine that much interaction with other people would be hard for him anyway. I worked with the public every day. Lorenzo didn’t. He spent most of his time in his office writing, and other than Rell and an occasional visit from his sister or mother, I was his only link to the outside world. Once, I’d asked him about that, and he told me he’d seen people do so much bad stuff in the past that he preferred a more low-key life now and didn’t particularly like being around people. And when we made it back to our room and he instantly fell into bed, I knew our plans to go out to eat were nixed, especially when I came out of the bathroom to find him asleep. So I ordered room service for both of us, woke him up to eat, and then we both climbed into bed.

As we settled into bed that night, he whispered, “Thank you for taking care of me, baby.”

I kissed his bare chest and closed my eyes. “Always.”



*****



The second day was a bit less hectic, since Lorenzo’s panel was scheduled for first thing that morning. Stacy, who I found to actually be very sweet once she learned her boundaries, manned the table while I sat in the panel audience and watched Lorenzo work his magic. He was seated at the front of the room with four other male authors for a discussion titled, “Will the real men of black fiction stand up?” And I felt like the Author Street fan I was as he sat there looking all thick and luscious, discussing the perceived shrinking number of male authors in black literature.

The rest of that day was more of a blur than the first, as even more people crowded the venue, with Lorenzo’s table being surrounded by readers, mostly women, for most of the afternoon. Again, we were both too exhausted that evening to do anything other than order room service and collapse into bed. The next day was his meet and greet, and I knew it would be exponentially more exhausting for him.





26





“Street! I just gotta know about that sex scene in Bulletproof! You know, the one where Monty and his woman make up after that big fight. I could just feel the passion. It was so hot, it had me squirming and stuff. Did you write that from real life experience? I mean…” The woman smiled as she shifted her weight on her feet in the middle of the packed room. “Are you that passionate and intense when you make love?”

Damn, these women were getting bolder by the second! You’d think they’d never seen a fine man before. Sitting off to the side at the front of the small room crammed full of forty or fifty readers who’d won the coveted prize of this intimate time with Lorenzo through some online contest, I was beginning to get a little heated about all this flirting. I mean, Lorenzo had introduced me as his lady, but that hadn’t stopped a thing. These women were shameless.

With a grin, Lorenzo said, “Let’s just say most of my writing comes from personal experience, especially in that department.”

“Oooo, that must mean he can eat it good, because Monty ate his woman like she was a plate of neck bones!” some woman in the crowd shouted, to which most of the room burst into laughter.

Another woman yelled, “And that must mean he can knock you out with his sex like Monty, too. Had his woman calling him Nyquil!”

There was louder laughter as Lorenzo just shrugged and smiled, then turned and winked at me. Even I had to smile, because they were both right on the money. Lorenzo was good at many things, but as Nicky had put it, his cunnilingus skills were at the top of the list in a tie with his mind-numbing stroke game, which had knocked me out on several occasions. I adjusted in my seat and thought to myself how I couldn’t wait to get his big sexy ass back to the hotel.

“I have a question?” a young woman said loudly, standing from her chair on the far-right side of the room.

Lorenzo nodded. “Go ahead.”

“Okay, my name is Cheryl Pointer, and first of all, no disrespect to your lady here, but Street, I have been in love with you and your pen game since I first picked up a copy of Bulletproof. I remember turning the last page of that story and thinking it was the most heartbreaking, intense, emotional thing I’d ever read. It was so different from a lot of the other books like it, because you could feel Monty’s emotion. He did some bad stuff, but you still wanted him to win, because you understood why he was doing what he was doing.”

Several nods and murmurs of agreement filled the room, and she had definitely echoed my thoughts about that book.

“So my question is, how did you come up with Bulletproof, and how did you make it feel so real?” Cheryl concluded.

The room was small enough that Lorenzo didn’t have to use the microphone that was provided, plus, when he projected his voice, it boomed within those four walls, commanding everyone’s attention. Well, I’m pretty sure his looks had something to do with that, too.

He was still standing before the room in relaxed-fit jeans and his own Street’s Team t-shirt as he began to speak. “I’m sure some of you familiar faces have heard this story before, but I don’t mind sharing it again. I lost my father when I was young. He was deep in the drug game in my hometown, Romey, Tennessee. Romey isn’t a metropolis, but it does have a population of about sixty thousand people, and it’s surrounded by a lot of smaller communities. There’s a lot of wealth there, but a lot of poverty, too. And poverty-stricken areas are breeding grounds for drug users and drug dealers.

“When I was young, I lived in the projects. My father wasn’t an educated man, and I truly believe he sold drugs as a last resort to take care of me and my mom. He made a lot of money, was able to get us a little house and move us out of the projects. No more food stamps. Nice clothes, nice cars. Shit, we were living so good, my daddy became my hero. We spent a lot of time together, too. I know this is gonna sound strange, but every second my daddy wasn’t out in the streets selling drugs, he spent at home with me and my mom. He was a good man. He really was.

“My father worked for this guy they called Jaywalk. Jaywalk was a legend in the drug game. From what I know, he was ruthless, would do anything to anyone he thought disrespected him. A real asshole.”

“Like Cali in Bulletproof?” someone in the crowd asked. Cali was the villain, the man who’d killed Monty’s mother.

Lorenzo nodded. “Exactly like Cali. So one night, my dad is helping me with my homework and our phone rings. My mom hands him the phone and tells him it’s Jaywalk. My daddy left a few minutes later, and was found dead the next morning.”

From my seat, I could see his face change and the energy in the room shifted, became charged, electrified. At first, I thought this little story was going to be a work of fiction, something he created in his brilliant mind, but at that moment, I knew this story was true, because he was emitting pure rage.

Lorenzo shook his head a little as if shaking something off of him. “Umph, it’s still hard for me to talk about this, but anyway, my hero was gone. I got uprooted, had to move to Chicago, and my mom? She was in shambles without him. In Chicago, she got a job, but we had to move back to the projects. We struggled, and all of that? Losing my dad and the comfort he provided? Watching my mom fall apart and date all these sorry men? Well, that made me an angry little boy who grew into a furious man. I got in a lot of trouble, got in the drug game myself. Back then, all I cared about was money, pussy, and making my way back to Romey so I could kill Jaywalk. I was obsessed with killing him. It pretty much consumed me. It was all I thought about.

“So about eight years ago, I moved back home with a lot of money and the goal of finding him and killing him. The problem was, I didn’t know his real name, had never even seen him. There was one picture of him and my father, but he was wearing shades. And whatever my mother might have known about him, she refused to share. Plus, he was a drug dealer, years had passed, and he most likely was dead anyway, and I didn’t know the real names of any of the folks that were in the game with them back then. Shit, they were probably dead, too, because no one lasts forever in the drug game. That’s why I got out of it. Didn’t want my mom to lose me like she did my dad. So I had to let it go. I could’ve tried harder to find him, but I knew I had to move on. I also had to do something with the rage that was eating me up inside. That’s when I picked up a pen and started writing. Monty’s story is how I wanted my own story to play out. So I kept writing, and with every story, a little more of the rage left, until I was able to become a different person. I wasn’t filled with anger. I stopped thinking about revenge. And then…” He paused and turned to face me. There was this look on his face, a combination of pain, gratitude, and love.

“And then I met this woman over here. And what little anger was left in me, she loved it away.”

I sat there with my hand on my chest, blinking back tears as I mouthed, “I love you.”

He smiled and then returned his attention to the crowd, most of whom were on their feet applauding him.





*****



We were both silent when we entered our room as a heaviness still cloaked Lorenzo, and from the way he collapsed onto the side of the bed and just stared into space, he was totally spent.

Sitting next to him, I rested a hand on his thigh. “You okay?” I asked.

He looked at me, giving me a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “Yeah, just tired.”

I looked him in the eye. “No, that’s not it. That story, your dad. That’s still with you right now, isn’t it? You’re still thinking about it? Feeling it?”

He sighed and dropped his eyes.

“You don’t have to talk about it. Just tell me what I can do to make you feel better. Tell me what you need.”

He lifted his eyes and looked at me, leaning in to press a soft kiss to my lips that very quickly intensified as his tongue grazed my mouth, a request for me to open it. I quickly obliged him, accepting his tongue as it slid into my mouth and found mine. He slipped his arm around my waist, pulling my body to his as he cupped the side of my face with his free hand. I rested my hand on his wrist and he broke away from me, stared at me intently, and as he had done so many times before, murmured, “No touching.”

I nodded between heaving breaths. “Okay.”

His mouth found my neck as he gripped the back of my head with his hand and pulled it closer to him. He suckled on my flesh while groping my breast through my Street’s Team t-shirt, eventually kissing and licking his way from my neck, across my cheek, and back to my mouth, devouring it so passionately that I found it hard to breathe.

He backed away from me again, staring at me as I stared at his mouth, wishing he hadn’t broken our connection. “Take your clothes off,” he said softly.

I pulled the t-shirt over my head without hesitation, then stood and removed my jeans and panties. Last, was my bra. Being accustomed to this game by now, I knew to stand there and wait for him, to wait for whatever he decided to do next. He decided to stare at me, letting his eyes peruse me for several minutes, causing my mind to wander with anticipation. I have to admit, this was my favorite part. Not knowing what he was going to do with—or to—me, set me on fire. Finally, he stood and walked around me, sliding his hand across my ass, then gently smacked my right butt cheek. I jumped a little, but didn’t move otherwise. A few seconds passed before he slid the palm of his hand down my back, and this time, gripped a handful of my ass. Stepping around me, he used a finger to tip my chin up and kissed me again, so deeply that I stumbled a bit and had to grab him to steady myself.

He snatched his mouth away from mine. “No touching, Doc.”

“I know…I was about to fall.”

“You stumble, I’ll catch you, but no touching.”

I nodded again.

He fell to his knees, clamping his mouth to my mound, licking and moaning as I closed my eyes and willed myself to keep my hands off his head. Then he reached up and gripped my hips, stood and backed up, sitting on the bed and pulling me onto his lap so that I was straddling him. Taking his time, he devoured first my right, then my left breast, all while slipping his hands between my open thighs and stroking my treasure. It all felt so good that I almost unconsciously threw my head back and grabbed his head as I moaned loudly.

He instantly stopped everything. “You touched me again.”

I lowered my head and met his searing gaze. “I’m sorry.”

“You know I have to punish you, don’t you?”

I bit my bottom lip and whined, “Yes.”

“Then lay your ass down so I can punish you.”

I lay on the bed, closed my eyes, and waited for him. Seconds later, he joined me in the bed, now having shed his clothes, and stretched his glorious body over mine, tasting my mouth again as he reached between us and slid his finger over my clit. All I could do was lie there beneath him and try to breathe as his tongue blazed a trail from my mouth to my neck, between the peaks on my chest, to my core, where he buried his face between my legs and glided his tongue over my clit before pulling it into his mouth.

This was my punishment.

I moaned loudly and wriggled beneath him, lifted my hands to touch him then dropped them on the bed as my legs began to tremble. “Zo…”

He feasted on me for so long, he gave me two explosive orgasms before lifting his body and bringing his face back to mine as he reached for my hand and placed it on his erection.

Now, it was okay to touch him.

So I wrapped my hand around him and massaged him as he lay back on the bed and closed his eyes. I leaned in and kissed him as I stroked him, a kiss he eagerly returned as he gently caressed the side of my face. He ended the kiss, looked me in the eye, and said, “Ride it, baby.”

I gladly squatted over him and closed my eyes as I held him and guided him inside me. Released a moan as I placed my hands on his stomach and began sliding up and down him, opening my eyes to find his glued to me. He stretched his arms over his head and smiled before closing his eyes and groaning with pleasure.

“Damn, Doc…damn, baby!”

I rode him for several minutes, eventually straddling him and grinding against his pelvis, leaning forward to take his taut nipples into my mouth, sucking and nipping as he moaned, and when the pressure inside of me built to a point where I was sure I’d lose my mind, I screamed at the top of my lungs and clutched his chest as I exploded. I lay against him, whimpering softly as the final currents of the orgasm passed, and whined when he thrusted upward, reminding me that while I might have been sated more than once, he hadn’t.

Flipping us over so that he was on top, he pressed my thighs against the bed, opening me wide as he buried himself inside of me over and over again, thrusting hard and fast, his eyes on me as he leaned in and kissed my neck, my chest, suckled on my breasts, and when he hit his peak, he shouted, “Shit, baby!!” and rolled over onto his back, his chest rising and falling rapidly. A second or two later, he reached for me, and I rested my head on his chest, wrapping my arms around his waist.

“The only thing I need, the only thing I’ll ever need, is you, Renee. I love you. You’re everything to me, baby.”

“You’re everything to me, too, Zo. I love you so much.”





27





“You didn’t have to come in here with me. It’ll only take me a second to get what I need,” Renee said, as I followed her through the sliding doors of Walgreen’s.

“I ain’t tryna sit in that car with Rell. If I do, I’ma curse him out for being late picking us up from the airport. The only reason I haven’t already is because you asked me not to.”

“Because you need to lighten up. He wasn’t even that late.”

“He was late enough. Shit, traveling is exhausting. I’m ready to get home. More than ready.”

She glanced at me as she stopped in the feminine hygiene aisle and picked up a package of maxi pads. “Stop pouting.”

“You on your period? Shit…”

She rolled her eyes. “No, but I will be. You know, it comes every month, so I like to be prepared.”

“Thank God, because I’ma have to have me some when we get home. I need to relieve some stress.”

Shaking her head, she slowly walked down another aisle, stopping at the soap. “You need to take your grumpy ass to sleep. I’m not giving you any while you have an attitude.”

I sighed. “I’m sorry.”

“Now you’re sorry, huh?” she said, as she headed to the pharmacy counter.

“What you picking up here?” I asked.

She gave the clerk her name and then turned and looked at me. “Zo, I love you, but you are worrying the hell out of me. Go to the car.”

“I don’t want to,” I said, and watched as the clerk handed her a small bag. “What’s that?”

“Blood pressure medicine. Come on, let me pay for this stuff so we can go.”

She started walking away, and I just stood there. She was at the end of an aisle when she stopped and turned around. “What are you doing? Let’s go.”

“You take blood pressure medicine? Since when?”

“Since during my divorce, during the peak of my ex acting a fool. That plus work was stressing me out. But I’m on a lower dosage now, and my doctor thinks I can probably be off the medicine soon if I keep doing well. I just need to exercise more.”

I stared at her, thinking to myself that I should’ve let Rell seriously fuck her ex up. We were way too easy on his Lilliputian ass. “Doc—we’ve been together for months now. How’d I not know this?”

She shrugged. “I usually take my medicine at work or after breakfast when you’re closed up in your office.”

She extended her hand to me and I took it, letting her lead me toward the front of the store. “Why didn’t you tell me?”

As we got in line, she said, “I don’t know. Didn’t think it was important. Besides, I’m better now that the divorce is over.”

“What about work stress?”

“Work is what it is. But Cass and I have been talking about possibly bringing on another midwife to lighten our loads. Just not sure if the budget can handle it.”

Once her stuff was rung up, she pulled out some money, and I stared at her.

She looked up at me. “What?”

I reached across her and slid my credit card through the card reader. “You know better than that shit.”



*****



As tired as I was and as hard as I tried, I couldn’t get to sleep that night. As Renee lay next to me softly snoring, I started to go downstairs and get some work done, but knew my mind was too preoccupied for that. I couldn’t get the thought out of my mind that Bitch-ass had her taking medicine. I was three seconds from going over to his house and surprising him in his sleep. And I wasn’t even thinking about taking Rell with me. I wanted to handle this one on my own, but I also knew I was probably too mad for that. Dude might not come out of it alive this time. I wasn’t trying to go there. Still, I had to do something.

So when she shifted in bed, I said, “Doc, you up?”

“Hmm?” she replied groggily.

“I’ll pay for the third midwife.”

“Hmm, what?”

“I’ll pay for the third midwife.”

She stretched, then scooted up in the bed and turned a bedside lamp on. “Babe, what are you talking about?”

“The midwife. Having a third one will take some of the stress off you, right?”

She yawned. “Yeah…”

“So let me pay her salary. Or his salary. Dudes can be midwives?”

“Yeah, there are a few out there, but Zo…you can’t do that.”

“Why not?”

“Because you don’t own Genesis, you’re not on the board, nothing.”

“I’ll make a donation and specify it’s for the salary of another midwife.”

“Zo, why? It’s not that crucial.”

“If you’re taking fucking medicine, it is that crucial. Either let me do this or I’ma have to figure something else out, and it won’t be pretty, Doc, because right now I’m so angry I wanna tear your ex’s head off!”

She jumped a little, and it occurred to me that I was yelling. So I said, “I’m sorry,” and left the bed, pacing the floor. “I’m sorry for raising my voice, but this shit is upsetting. You’re taking blood pressure medicine? That’s serious, Doc.”

“I know, but like I said, I’m better. My dosage is lower, and I’m working toward totally getting off the medicine. I’m watching my salt, trying to make myself exercise more than just in this bed…”

She was trying to make me smile. It almost worked.

“Zo, I’m fine. I really am.”

“Doc, if something happens to you, I don’t…”

She stood from the bed, naked and looking good enough to eat. “Zo, I’m not going anywhere. I. Am. Fine. Please calm down and stop worrying about losing me in any way. I love you. I’m fine. Stop this. Okay?”

I sighed and closed my eyes as she wrapped her arms around me and leaned against my body. “Okay…but I’m still making that donation. You work too hard. You’re co-owner. You’re supposed to have more days off than you do.”

She shook her head against my chest. “That’s not something that has to happen now. Me and Cass are only considering it. Besides, I’m used to the stress of my job. It was the divorce that had my blood pressure up. That and my love of potato chips. My divorce is over, thanks to some miracle, and I’ve almost, kind of, just about given up chips.”

I chuckled.

“So I’m good.” She lifted her head and rose up on her toes to kiss me.

I smiled down at her. “Okay, but I’m making the donation. I’ll pay for two years’ salary. How much is that?”

She backed away from me. “I’m not telling you. Now let’s go back to bed so I can help you get some sleep.”

I grinned as she took my hand and led me to the bed. “How you gonna do that?”

She pushed me onto the bed and crawled on top of me. “Guess.”





28





“I need you to host girls’ night again.”

I sighed. “First of all, why are you whining into this phone? Second, why can’t you host?”

“Because, Travis will want to hang around us, and we won’t be able to really do our thing. He’s clingy as hell, and it’s driving me nuts!”

“But you’re gonna marry him? How are you gonna handle his clinginess for the rest of your life?”

“OMG, you gotta be so negative? I’ll help him change or whatever.”

“Nicky, do you even love this man?”

“Hell, no! I ain’t got time for that mess!”

I shook my head. “You know what? Zo is having a book release party in a couple of weeks. It’s an all-white thing. How about you just come to that, and we’ll skip girls’ night this month?”

“Really?”

“Yeah, Angie and Ryan will be there. Bring Travis if you want.”

“Okay—wait, so Angie already knew about this? Were you going to invite me?”

I rolled my eyes. “I’m inviting you now. Hey, I gotta go. Talk to you later.”

“All right. Text me the details for the party when you get a chance.”

“Will do.”

I ended the call and pushed out a frustrated breath as Rell pulled to a stop in Lorenzo’s mom’s driveway.

Lorenzo reached for my hand and chuckled. “Your sister is really a trip, isn’t she?”

“Trip isn’t the word. Insane, loony, crazy as hell? Those would fit.”

“But you love her.”

“Yeah, I do. I’ll just really, really be glad when she grows the hell up.”

Lorenzo leaned in and kissed my cheek. “I hear you. You ready?”

“Yeah. I’m actually looking forward to this dinner with your mom. Can’t wait to see what she has to reveal tonight.”

He groaned as he climbed out of the backseat of the Maybach and reached for my hand. Stepping out onto the cobblestone driveway, I tried to kiss him but he stopped me.

“You get no affection from me since you already have plans of laughing at my ass tonight.”

“I won’t be laughing at you, baby. I’ll be laughing with you.”

“You know the hell I don’t be laughing.”

“Aww, baby.” I looped my arm with his and leaned into him as we ascended the front steps to his mother’s home with Rell right behind us.



*****



“…and this is Zo in kindergarten. See how chubby he was? But he was always tall,” Mama Higgs, as she insisted I call her, gushed.

“Oh, Zo! You were adorable in your little Big Bird overalls!” I squealed.

I was sitting on the couch in the living room next to his mom, who was thumbing through old photo albums, proudly showing me pictures of Lorenzo. He was sitting across from us in an easy chair, his hand covering his face.

“I’m a thug. I ain’t never been adorable in my whole life,” he groaned.

His mother shot him a look. “I thought you were through thugging.”

“I don’t do nothing but be up in the house writing and stuff. Dang!”

“Mm-hmm,” his mother said with a smirk.

“When is Mel gonna be back? I can’t believe you let her take the baby with her to that dude’s house,” Lorenzo muttered.

“That dude is Loren’s father, and don’t be mad because they got back together after you chased him away before Loren was born. That’s a nice young man.”

“A nice young man who got your daughter pregnant.”

“Zo, that boy is a year younger than Melyssa. You really need to quit, and I know you’re just trying to distract me from showing Renee these pictures. You ain’t slick.”

He stood from his seat. “I’ma go see what Rell is doing.”

“He’s outside sitting in that car, running your battery down listening to the radio like he always does, and you know it. He ran up out of here as soon as we finished eating.”

Lorenzo basically didn’t acknowledge what she said by saying, “I’ll be back.”

“He’s such a big baby,” she said, shaking her head. “Will go to pouting in a second.”

I laughed. “I noticed.”

She flipped the page in the photo album. “Oh, here he is in fifth grade.”

I smiled at the class picture with Lorenzo standing in the back, towering over the other students. “He was so tall! But he looks the same.”

She nodded. “Mm-hmm. So much like his father…” She wore a faint smile as she fingered the edge of the photo album page.

“Do you have a picture of him? You know Lorenzo doesn’t have any pictures around his house.”

“Hmm, that boy. I bet if you gave him a picture of you, he’d hang it up.”

I raised my eyebrows. “Why do you say that?”

“Because he loves you. I have a feeling he’d love to be able to look at your face all the time, even when you’re not there.”

“He loves you and Melyssa, too.”

“True, but that’s different. Never seen him like he is with you. Now, let me get that picture.” She stood and walked over to a bookshelf in the gorgeously-decorated living room. Where Lorenzo’s home was huge and oversized in every way, his mother’s home was much smaller and cozy with mismatched, but expensive, furniture covered in yellow and light green fabrics. I had noticed the bookcase but had not paid attention to the framed photo she removed and brought back to the sofa with her.

“Here’s my Clarence.”

I took the photo from her and stared at it for a moment. He was smiling, standing in front of a car. He was big and tall just like Lorenzo, and the resemblance was almost frightening. “He was handsome. Wow.”

She nodded. “And I was as crazy about that man as you are about my Zo.”

I lifted an eyebrow. “It’s that obvious, huh?”

“Mm-hmm, it’s written all over you, and I’m glad about it. He needs to be in love and be loved. He’s a good man, just took him a while to get there, but one thing I know: he takes care of those he loves. He doesn’t need a driver, but he loves Tyrell like a brother, so he gave him a job. He loves me, so he’s taken care of me ever since he was a boy running the streets. When Mel’s father thought he was gonna put his hands on me? Honey, Zo took care of him real good. Scared Loren’s daddy so bad after he found out she was pregnant, he stopped calling Mel for months.”

I nodded. “Yes, ma’am. I know he’s definitely protective, maybe overprotective. Rell’s been driving me to work because of it.”

She chuckled. “I’m not surprised. Better he be overprotective than indifferent.”

“Yes, ma’am. That’s true.”

We were both quiet for a moment until she said, “Renee, will you do me a favor?”

With a slightly furrowed brow, I replied, “Yes, ma’am.”

“Stick with him. He loves you. You love him, and he never really got over losing his father. And Lord, he lost so many friends when he was running the streets. He has a big fear of losing the people he cares about. Things might get rocky, because he’s not perfect, but I can promise you he won’t do anything to hurt you. He needs you, and I believe you need him, so please stick with him.”

I reached over and rested my hand on hers. “I will. I honestly don’t know what I’d do without him.”





29





“…and I want popcorn,” Renee said, as we headed inside the movie theater.

I squeezed her hand. “Anything else, your highness?”

She shot me a grin. “Yeah, you could at least pretend to be happy about us going to the movies.”

I sighed. “I just don’t see the point. Anything they’re showing here, I can get on bootleg and we can watch at home in our theater. I could’ve had Rell’s ass go get us some damn popcorn and Twizzlers.”

“Rell is off tonight.”

“Yeah, because you said so.”

“Zo, you were skirting close to slave labor with him. Don’t you think the man deserves off days?”

“Doc, he doesn’t even work a full eight hours a day. He drives when we need him to, washes the cars once a week, and works the gate controls when needed, and we barely ever have company.”

“But he basically has to be ready to drive or answer the gate at all times, and let’s not mention how he has to be ready to go on any errand you think up at any time of the day or night.”

I shook my head. “You’re too soft-hearted, but that’s probably why you’re with my ass, so I won’t complain about it.”

We got our tickets to the latest Kevin Hart buddy cop comedy and moved to the back of one of the concession lines.

“Damn,” I mumbled, “look at all these people in here. We could’ve stayed at home and watched this same movie, naked, with my hand between your legs.”

“But the popcorn. You can’t beat movie theater popcorn,” she said, with a serious look on her face.”

I leaned in and kissed her, murmured, “Shit, Doc, I could pop some microwave popcorn and line it up on my pussy and eat for days.”

She smiled, and softly said, “You are so nasty.”

“You like it.”

“Yeah, but not enough to leave. Your antisocial ass is going to this movie.”

I groaned.

We had finally made it to the front of the line when I saw him—short, ugly as hell, standing there with some unfortunate woman. I stared him down, hoping he’d notice me. When Robert Mattison finally looked in my direction, I slowly smiled at him and then made a little lunging move in his direction. This fool actually jumped and yelled, “Ah!!!” Then he took off running, leaving his date behind. He ran into a whole family that had just entered the lobby, knocked down what looked to be the father.

All the commotion made Renee turn around, and say, “What in the world?”

I shrugged, my eyes on her ex, who’d fallen to the floor with the man he knocked down and was now scrambling to his feet. “I don’t know. Something going on by the doors.”

Popcorn in hand, she stared at the scene. “That looks like…never mind. You ready?”

I nodded as I leaned in to kiss her. “Yeah, baby. I’m actually looking forward to seeing this movie now.”



*****



“Hurry, Zo! You dragging up these stairs knowing I got to pee! I should’ve just went downstairs.”

“Damn, I’m moving as fast as I can. Shit, I’m older and bigger than you, and you just expect my ass to hop up these stairs?”

I could hear her let out a loud sigh from behind me, and I smiled, stopped at the top of the stairs, and looked back at her.

“Zo, move your old ass out the way!”

I shook my head. “Not unless you kiss me first.”

“Ugh! Fine!” She let my lips almost touch hers and then slipped past me.

“Hey!” I called after her. “That’s messed up, Doc!”

“Whatever!” she yelled, as she trotted down the hall to our bedroom.

I wasn’t far behind her, yelling, “Why don’t you just take those panties all the way off and bend over the counter for me?”

Through the closed bathroom door, she said, “What if I’m doing number two?”

“Aw, hell. Are you? You gone be in there for hours.”

“Shut up! And no, I’m not, but what if I was? You’d still want me to bend over the counter?”

“Hell, no! I ain’t coming in there letting that scent knock me out.”

“My shit don’t stank, Zo.”

“Hell if it doesn’t.”

I walked over to the window in our room and peered outside, letting my eyes settle on Rell’s apartment above the garage. I saw him open his door, stick his head out, and look around before closing the door again.

“The hell is he doing?” I muttered.

A minute or so later, the door opened again, and Rell walked out, followed by— “Hey, Doc! You done in there?”

“Yeah, I’m done! I’m in here bent over this counter like you asked!”

“For real?!”

“For real! You need to come on and get this pussy!”

Shit! “Uh…can you come here a second, baby?”

A second or two later, she emerged from the bathroom, naked from the waist down, and I had to grab my dick to keep it from jumping out of my pants. “Damn…”

She gave me a smirk. “What is it?”

“Huh?”

“You asked me to come out here for something.”

“Oh, yeah. Is that the chick from Genesis outside with Rell?”

She joined me at the window. Rell and the lady were locked in a kiss at that moment, and when they parted, he took her hand and led her down the steps, put her in my Escalade, and drove off. “I’ll be damned, that is her, isn’t it?”

Renee covered her mouth with her hand and nodded, then said a muffled, “I can’t believe it. Janine and Rell? Wow! Like, how do they communicate?”

“I don’t know, but it looked to me like they were communicating just fine.”

“Wow…just, wow!”

“Yeah.” I shifted my attention to her big-old naked ass. “So, uh…you wanna go back in the bathroom and bend over the counter for me again so I can get that pussy?”

“Nope. You missed your chance.”

“Come on, baby. I’m over here all hard and stuff.”

“I don’t care. You should’ve come in the bathroom instead of being nosy.”

“Like you ain’t nosy.”

“I might be nosy, but I’m not the one with the hard penis. I’m going to bed.”

She actually walked off, too. Climbed in the bed and closed her eyes. She yelped in surprise when I climbed on top of her, and said, “You need to stop playing and give me some.”

She giggled. “I love you. You know that?”

As I settled in between her open legs, I said, “I love you, too, Doc.”





30





Lorenzo’s book release party was held in the ballroom at the Sable Inn. The space was decorated in black from the table cloths to the chair covers to the plates on the tables. The centerpieces even consisted of black roses in black vases. A huge replica of the cover of Bulletproof 3: Origins—a young black male toddler in a t-shirt, jeans, and Timberlands holding a toy gun, with a tilted crown on his head and a pool of blood surrounding his feet—covered a portion of the wall near the room’s entrance, serving as a backdrop for pictures to be taken. A red carpet stretched all the way from the hotel’s front entrance to the ballroom.

Bulletproof 3 was the story of Cali, the villain in book one. In it, readers learn about his life, tragic upbringing, and how he came to be the ruthless drug lord Monty despised. I’d read it and was floored by how good it was despite the fact that I already knew Lorenzo had skills. I was so proud of him, not only for the phenomenal job he did writing the book, but also because this was the first book he released through his own company, Zo Publications (Stylized with a line through the Z in Zo). In attendance were two other authors he’d signed in recent months—Lady Kane and Greg Tremble. I’d read their submissions and truly believed Zo Publications was about to totally change the fiction game.

About thirty lucky readers were invited, and from the way the space was filling up, it looked like they were all there, with a few bringing dates. Also in attendance were more than a few book bloggers, about a dozen book industry movers and shakers—including Lorenzo’s now former agent—a couple of local reporters, Lorenzo’s mother and sister, my sisters and their men, and me. I had invited my mother, but she had other plans, as seemed to always be the case with her recently.

The dress code was all white everything, Lorenzo wore a white tuxedo. I wore a white body-con dress with a plunging v-neckline and off-the-shoulder ruffle frill detail that stopped just above my knees. I looked hot. I mean, I looked scorching hot. I knew I looked hot even before Lorenzo told me. This was something I never would’ve worn before being with him. He just made me feel so damn sexy and comfortable in my skin. Hence, I decided to pair the dress with white, lace-up corset heels.

My ensemble made me look so good, I almost turned myself on.

Instead of my usual ponytail, my bone straight hair was parted in the middle and fell to my shoulders. The only jewelry I wore was a pair of diamond stud earrings Lorenzo had given me as a gift a few weeks into our relationship before I made it plain to him that expensive jewelry wasn’t really my thing. My love language was quality time, not gift giving. And Lorenzo? His, of course, was physical touch.

“Shit, Doc. I don’t know how much longer I’ma be able to let you keep that dress on. You look so good I can’t think straight,” Lorenzo whispered in my ear, as we stood near the entrance greeting guests.

“Really? Do I look that good?”

“You literally look good enough to eat, over and over and over—”

“Hey, daddy! Long time no seeee!”

I frowned at the loud voice coming from…somewhere. I didn’t have to wonder about the source of the outburst long, though, because Sofia Vergara quickly stepped from behind Lorenzo and into view.

I looked at Lorenzo and lifted an eyebrow.

With a frown on his face, he said, “Veda? How the hell you get in here?”

“With this,” she said, holding up an invitation. “I’ve always been a fan, remember, papi? That’s how we met, at one of your book signings. I was one of your randomly selected guests for tonight.”

“Ain’t that a bitch?” he mumbled.

She pursed her lips. “I’m not here to cause no trouble, Zo. I just wanted to congratulate you, even though you’ve been ignoring me.” She shifted her eyes to me. “You could’ve told me you moved on. I mean, all we were doing was fucking, right? It’s not like you cared about me or anything, right?! Right?! RIGHT?! ¡Te odio, idiota! Motherfuckerrrrrrr!”

My eyes widened as her voice grew louder and louder and she became more and more unhinged by the second, eyes bugged, arms flailing as she made these wild gestures with her hands, neck rolling, hair swinging from side to side.

Lorenzo looked like he either wanted to run away or disappear. “Veda, don’t do this shit right now. I don’t wanna have to call the cops on you to get you out of here. You’ve got kids.”

“I know I have kids, you fucker! I also have a heart and a soul, unlike you! You just threw me away for-for her?! I gave you allll this pussy repeatedly, repetidamente, and you gonna do me like this?! ¿De verdad?! You sonuvvabitch!”

“You need to leave my mother out of this shit,” Lorenzo shot back.

Then she started strictly speaking Spanish, her words tumbling out of her mouth so fast that it was hard to distinguish one from the other. I knew Spanish, took it in high school and college, and could hold a native speaker a decent conversation, but the only words I could make out were ass, bitch, and something I roughly translated as limp dick. And well, that was when I knew she was a loon. He might’ve been an ass to her, but he definitely wasn’t a bitch, and I’d never known him to have any erectile dysfunction whatsoever. I was a couple of years younger than Lorenzo, and his ever-ready ass stayed wearing me out.

So I tapped him on the shoulder, and when he tore his eyes away from Sofia or Venus or whatever her name was, I said, “I’m going to the ladies’ room. Be right back,” and kissed him on the cheek.

I had barely stepped out of the ballroom when both of my sisters accosted me. “Who is that chica in the Rainbow clearance rack jumpsuit in there all up in your man’s face? Does her ass need to be handled?” Nicky asked. Nicky was so tiny, a strong wind would blow her over, but I didn’t doubt she could probably clamp her legs around a person and get in a couple of good licks.

“Yeah, because ole girl is in there being mad disrespectful!” Angie said.

The two of them followed me into the restroom as I said, “I never confronted those women Robert cheated with and he was my husband. I’m not about to confront one over Zo. He can handle her.”

“Okay, I guess that’s the mature thing to do,” Angie admitted.

“Screw that! We ain’t talking about Robert the Alien Xenomorph here. We’re talking about Lorenzo. Big-ole-thick, sexy-juicy-ass Lorenzo! Girl, you better go peel that Quinceañera ho’ off your man!” Nicky declared.

From inside the stall, I said, “Now you’re exaggerating. She wasn’t even touching him…was she?”

“Shit, your ass left. She could have her tongue down his throat by now!”

“She was going off on him, not trying to screw him.”

“Girl, that chick is muy loco,” Nicky said. “Crazy people’s moods shift like Tennessee weather.”

“Well, Zo wouldn’t let her be all up on him and stuff…He better not let her.”

“Sheeeiiiit, how is he gonna stop her Livin’ La Vida Loca ass in public without catching an assault charge?” Nicky asked.

I finished taking care of my business, flushed, exited the stall, and stepped to the sink to wash my hands. “Well, I’m not fighting her crazy ass. Crazy people have super-human strength.”

“They really do,” Angie agreed.

“Yeah. By the way, you look hot! I can’t believe you picked this out by yourself,” Nicky observed.

“I have taste, baby sis. Just never felt like wearing anything like this before Zo.”

“Mm-hmm, that’s what a good man with some good penis will do. You see Angie’s ass is a world traveler since she got with Ryan, and you up in here finally dressing for that body of yours.” She hesitated and shook her head. “I’m so proud of y’all. I mean, I’m really proud.”

Angie and I kind of looked at each other for a second. I think we were both wondering what was going on with Nicky. She actually sounded kind of sentimental, like she possessed normal human emotions. So after that bit of awkward silence, we both hugged her at the same time.

“You okay, Nicky?” I asked.

She nodded. “It’s just…Nay, that dress almost makes you look like a ho’. I feel like a proud mother right now.”

I backed out of the hug and rolled my eyes. “You are truly a damn lunatic, Nicky.”

Angie just shook her head and left the restroom, followed closely by Nicky with me bringing up the rear. Zo was waiting for me in the hallway by the restroom door.





She stepped out the restroom in that dress, and my dick jumped. I’d never seen anything as gorgeous as my lady was that night. Brown skin almost glowing against that white dress, her cleavage popping out at me, those thick legs shining from her knees to those damn shoes. Those shoes looked like something a dominatrix would wear, and that turned me the hell on.

“She’s gone,” I said, as Renee stepped in front of me.

“How’d you get her to leave?”

“I told her the party is being videotaped and threatened to get a copy to her man.”

She frowned. “Her man? She was up in there clowning like that and she has a man?”

I nodded. “He’s locked up, but she knows I can get a video to him if I really want to. She doesn’t want that because his ass is crazy and she’s supposed to be out here waiting for him.”

“Wow.”

“Doc, I’m sorry. That was fucking embarrassing, and it was my fault. I should’ve answered when she called, told her to move on instead of ignoring her.”

“Yeah, you should have,” she agreed.

“Damn, baby. Really?”

“What? I’m just agreeing with you, but she also should’ve had some self-respect and not acted such a fool.”

“Yeah…look, if you wanna go, we can go.”

She moved closer to me and placed her hands on my chest. “Zo, this is your party. We can’t leave.”

“But—”

“And we’re not going to let some crazy woman ruin it for you. And…your reclusive ass is going back in there whether you want to or not.”

“Damn, you know me too well.”

“Mm-hmm. Look, we’re going to do what I did right after my marriage went to hell and I still had to face the public every day.”

“What’s that?”

“Act like that shit never happened.” She reached for my hand. “Come on, Street. Let’s go get something to drink and rock this party.”

I grinned. “Yes, ma’am.”



*****



“Zo, did you do something to my ex-husband?”

We made it home from the party around one in the morning and had both been so exhausted that we fell into bed without taking a shower. I was wide awake, but tried to act like I was asleep.

“I know you’re not sleep.”

Shit. “What, baby?”

“You heard me.”

“Yeah, but what do you mean? Why you think I did something to him?”

“Because I saw him the other day and he literally started running away from me as soon as he saw me.”

“For real? Where’d you see him?”

“At the Langley Shopping Center when I was out trying to find an outfit for your party. I saw him at Elmore’s Department Store. He almost knocked down a whole display of purses trying to get away from me.”

I had to fight hard not to laugh. “Damn, really? Maybe he was just in a hurry.”

“I don’t think so. He had this crazy, panicked look on his face when he saw me, too. The same look I saw on his face at the movie theater that time.”

“What time?”

“The time he ran into those people and knocked them down.”

“That was your ex?”

“You are such a bad actor.”

I chuckled. “Baby, I’m not acting. I didn’t know that was him.”

“And a bad liar.”

“I’m insulted. You think I’m lying?”

“I know you are. And the more I think about it, you probably paid the judge to sign off on my divorce so quickly. You did say you had a few on your payroll in Chicago. A man who can get a video to an inmate can surely pay off a judge here in Tennessee, too.”

Damn. She had really figured my ass out. I couldn’t think of anything to say.

“What’d you do to him, Zo?”

“Why are you asking about this now? Shouldn’t you be asleep?”

“I can’t sleep. Still wired from the party, and it’s been on my mind for a few days now. Just decided I’d ask. What’d you do to him?”

“Does it matter? What difference does it make?”

“I wanna know.”

I sighed and eased her off my chest so that I could sit up in the bed. “Me and Rell just scared him, messed with his head a little bit. Told him to stop fucking around and give you the divorce. And yes, I paid the judge off.”

A couple of minutes of silence passed, and then she finally said, “Why?”

“Why? Because…shit, because I wanted you to be free so we could get together. And because he was breaking you down. I could see it at that benefit. You looked like you were being tortured.”

“I was,” she said softly.

“Yeah, well, that shit pissed me the hell off, and I couldn’t let him get away with it. I couldn’t let him keep hurting you, so I showed him how it feels to be messed with like he was messing with you. Showed him how it feels to have no control over a situation.”

More silence.

Our bedroom was dark, so I couldn’t see her face, and I half expected her to get up and leave or something, although I hoped she wouldn’t. When I felt her move, my damn heart fell. This was why I’d kept it from her. She had morals. Of course she would think what I did was wrong, and maybe it was, but if I had it to do all over again, I wouldn’t change a damn thing. That asshole deserved it. He deserved worse.

When I felt her slide her hand into my boxers and grasp me, I jumped. And when she positioned herself so that she was straddling one of my legs, I could feel the warmth of her naked treasure and my shit instantly sprang to attention. She wrapped her mouth around me, and my big ass gasped. This was definitely not the reaction I was expecting.

She gripped me, taking me deeper and deeper into her mouth, causing me to sink into the mattress and close my eyes. My hand found her head, and I groaned as she slid me out of her mouth.

“Doc, what are you doing?” I mumbled, not really expecting an answer.

“Thanking you,” she said, and then slid me into her mouth again.

“Oh, daaaaamn! Shit! Woooooo, shit!” I wished I could see her, but that would’ve probably sent me right over the edge. I didn’t want what I was feeling to end that quickly.

She massaged and sucked until I knew I was going to explode. “Baby, I’m about to—”

She didn’t stop, wouldn’t stop, even when I tried to move away from her.

I stiffened, went deaf and blind for about a minute, actually stopped breathing for a few seconds, and then felt her kiss her way up to my mouth. “Thank you, Zo.”

Through heaving breaths, I said, “Marry me, Doc.”

“Are you asking me to marry you because I just—”

“No, no, I was going to ask you at the party tonight. I had it all planned out but scrapped everything after Veda showed her ass. I have a ring and everything. Hold up.”

My legs were kind of weak, but I managed to get up and find the tuxedo jacket I’d tossed on a chair in a corner and dug the ring out of the pocket. Then I turned on the lamp next to my side of the bed to see that she was crying.

I climbed back in the bed and pulled her to me. “Doc, why you crying, baby?”

“Because—ask me again.”

I held up the ring. “Will you marry me?”

“Zo, I’m scared.”

“I know, but remember what I told you? I’m not him. You can believe in me.”

She nodded. “You didn’t let me finish. I’m scared, but I love you.”

“I love you, too.”

“Yes.”

“Yes?”

She nodded. “Yes, I’ll marry you. But can we have a long engagement. Like a year?”

“Whatever you want.”

I slid the ring on her finger, and she kissed me again.

“Thank you. Zo. For everything.”

“No, baby. Thank you.”





31





There was a little extra bounce in my step when I went to work the Monday after Lorenzo slid that ring on my finger, and for the life of me, I found it nearly impossible to stop smiling through my appointments with two prenatal patients and one young lady who was in for her annual examination and a refill on her birth control pills. I was feeling so good, I even walked all three patients back out to the lobby when their appointments were over.

Around noon, I decided to go to the Smoothie Hut to grab a salad since Lorenzo had a day of meetings scheduled for his publishing company. I had grabbed my purse and was about to head out the door when someone knocked on it.

“Come in!” I yelled.

Janine flounced in with a huge smile on her face, holding a vase of gorgeous pale pink roses. “Must be nice,” she said.

I grinned as I leaned forward in my chair, taking the vase from her and setting it on my desk. As I fingered one of the roses, I said, “Oh, it is.”

She sighed. “You are so blessed to have found someone who adores you like Lorenzo does and—” She leaned in so close to me that I had to wonder if there was something on my face. “What is that?” she asked.

I frowned. “What is what?”

“That! On your finger. On your left hand, the hand you’re using to play with your hair. And I like your hair like that, by the way. You should wear it down more often instead of always in those ponytails. You look so pretty with it down.”

“You really think so? I got it styled like this for Zo’s book party and decided to wear it like this for a little longer, but I’m not used to it, so I keep playing with it. I hate you missed the party. We had a great time.”

She fell into a chair across from my desk. “I know, but I had to babysit for my sister at the last minute so she could go to work, and—wait a minute. You didn’t answer my question. Renee, what is that big rock doing on your finger?”

I smiled. “Lorenzo gave it to me.”

“Did he give it to you after he proposed and you said yes?”

I nodded. “Yep.”

Her mouth fell open and she jumped up, scurried around my desk, and hugged me. “Girl, I’m happy like I’m the one engaged! I’m so thrilled for you, even though you kept him a secret from me for so long. Renee! Honey, you were not playing! You got rid of Robert and moved right on! I love it!”

Once she finally released me and reclaimed her seat, I said, “Thanks, Janine. And speaking of secrets, um…about you and Rell…”

She actually gasped and then wore this shocked look on her face.

I rolled my eyes. “Me and Lorenzo saw you leaving his place a few weeks ago. So, don’t try to deny it.”

Janine was a dark-skinned beauty, but I swear she was blushing. “Renee…Tyrell, he’s so sweet and kind and sexy. I’m-I’m crazy about him! At first, when I would see him out on the lot waiting for you, I thought he was your new man and girl, I was so jealous, because that’s one big fine teddy bear of a man to me! And now, he’s mine!”

“Oh, Janine. I’m so happy for you. But, uh…how did you two…I mean, he doesn’t talk.”

“Oh, we exchanged numbers one afternoon here out on the parking lot, and then we started texting, and he writes me the sweetest letters. And…I just love him. I really do.”

“Sounds like you might be getting a ring soon.”

“I really hope so. I’d marry him in a heartbeat and move right into that garage apartment with him.”

“You’d leave your house for him?”

“Honey, yes! I’d leave the country for him. He just makes me feel so loved and safe, you know?”

I nodded and smiled again. “Yeah, I know.”



*****



That night, over a dinner of baked boneless, skinless chicken breasts and steamed vegetables (Lorenzo had been on a healthy cooking kick since finding out about my blood pressure issues), we talked about everything from his meetings, to his book sales, to Rell and Janice, to our future plans together.

“You want a big wedding, Doc? Cathedral, white dress, long train, a bunch of bridesmaids?”

I shook my head. “Not particularly. I wouldn’t mind just having something small and intimate like Angie and Ryan did. Their wedding was so beautiful. They had it at this little church our grandmother used to attend. Do you know Ryan actually cried when Angie was walking down the aisle to him?”

“My ass will probably be crying, too,” he said. “So…small, intimate. Your father will give you away?”

I shrugged. “I guess. Really doesn’t matter. We’re not that close. Never have been.”

“Sorry, baby.”

“It’s all right. I mean, he’s my dad and I love him, but he hasn’t been that great of a father. Anyway, I just don’t wanna do the justice of the peace thing again like I did with Robert. I want our wedding to be special.”

“Me, too, baby. Especially since it’ll be the first and last time I get married.”

“It sure will, because I’m not letting your big, fine butt go anywhere.”

He grinned. “So, are you good with this house? Want me to buy you another one?”

“No, I love this house, big-ass furniture and all.”

He laughed. “I love it, too, and it’s got plenty of room for when we start having kids…”

He kept talking, but I didn’t hear a single word after kids. I hadn’t told him about my fertility issues, because…I really don’t know. After Robert and I tried and failed to get pregnant shortly after his first revealed infidelity, I just sort of trained myself not to think about it. The whole ordeal had been so painfully disappointing, trying all these natural methods, taking fertility pills and hormone injections, all to no avail. And with each negative pregnancy test, I grew more and more desperate. We were considering going the adoption route when I found out about Robert’s second affair. By then, we’d literally been trying to conceive for years, I was emotionally exhausted, and I made the decision that I couldn’t bring kids into my obvious shitty mess of a marriage. So I just gave up and pushed the thought of becoming a mother to the back of my mind, along with the painful memories of having tried so hard to make it happen. I decided I’d embrace the fact that I could bring life into the world through my job, and that was enough for me until that woman dropped my husband’s baby off at my doorstep. The feelings of inadequacy came flooding back as I was reminded of the fact that I was the reason we didn’t have children. Robert was obviously capable of making them.

It took months for me to get over that and push it out of my mind, and I’d done so in such an effective manner that I hadn’t even told the man I loved, the man whose ring I was wearing, that I could never give him children.

“…what do you think, baby?”

I had no idea what he was talking about, so with tears crowding my eyes, I said the only thing I could think to say. “Zo, I can’t have children. I’m-I’m unable to have children.”

The smile he was wearing before I spoke slowly faded. “Doc, what—”

“I have a hormonal imbalance. I was a late bloomer, so to speak. Didn’t start my period until I was fifteen. They’re regular, but shorter than they should be. I’m-I’m sorry, Zo. I try so hard not to think about it because it’s painful for me, that I never mentioned it to you, but you deserve to know, so I’m telling you now. If you want your ring back, I’ll understand. I-I’m so sorry.”

“Doc, it’s okay,” he said softly, but when I looked up at him, there was clear disappointment on his face.

I shook my head and let my tears fall. “No, it’s not okay. I should’ve told you long before now. You’re disappointed. I can see it on your face.” I slid the ring off my finger and laid it on the table. “Here.”

I kept my eyes lowered as I wiped the tears from my face, but heard him scoot his chair back and walk around the table. Kneeling beside me, he rested a hand on my thigh. “Doc, look at me.”

I shook my head.

“Baby, look at me. Please.”

I looked at him through watery eyes.

“Put the ring back on.”

I shook my head again.

“Doc, I love you. I’ma always love you. What you just told me didn’t change that. Nothing can change the way I feel about you. I’m glad you told me, but it doesn’t matter. Put the ring back on.”

“Are you sure it doesn’t matter?”

“I’m positive, baby.”

I picked up the ring and slipped it back on my finger. “Good, because I think I love this ring more than I love you.”

“Give me that damn ring back,” he said, with a huge grin on his face.

I rested my hand on his cheek. “Never.”





32





I woke up with a slight headache the next morning, something that happened from time to time if I cried hard or was tired. Well, I had cried hard the night before and Lorenzo didn’t let me get much sleep that night, not that I was complaining. But as I stepped out of the shower, I thought to myself that I really hoped it wasn’t my blood pressure again since my doctor had taken me off my medicine.

Thankfully, by the time I made it downstairs to have breakfast with Lorenzo, the headache had dissipated.

“Good morning,” I greeted Lorenzo, who sat at the table with his eyes glued to his laptop. “Working at breakfast? That’s new.”

He looked up at me and smiled, then stood and pulled a chair out. “Hey, baby. Come sit next to me. I wanna show you something.”

“All right,” I said, as I sat down and tilted my head so he could kiss my cheek.

After he’d set a plate of food before me, he angled his computer so that I could see the screen. There was a Facebook page pulled up. “Who’s that?” I asked, taking a bite of turkey bacon.

“My son.”

I stopped chewing. “Your what?”

“My son. My oldest. Darwin.”

I shifted my eyes from the smiling face on the profile picture to Lorenzo. There was definitely a resemblance… “You have a son, Zo?”

He nodded. “I actually have three sons…and a daughter.”

My stomach started to feel sour, and that headache suddenly reappeared. “What? Zo, you have four kids?”

He nodded again. He had this hopeful look on his face as if somehow this news was supposed to please me. “Yeah,” he said. “So you see, it doesn’t matter that you can’t have children, baby. I really don’t want you to worry about it.”

I frowned. “Zo, you have four children that you never told me about?”

“I—”

I stood from my chair. “I have known you for ten months, been your woman for eight months, and it never once crossed your mind to tell me you have four whole kids?!”

He stood, too, his eyes wide with surprise. “Look, it’s not what you think. Darwin is twenty-three—”

“What the hell difference does it make how old he is?! What are you? Some kind of deadbeat? You have never mentioned these kids. You have no pictures of them anywhere. I would give anything to have a child and you act like yours don’t even exist!”

“No—”

“Oh, my God! What kind of fool am I to fall for a man like you?!”

“Wait a minute, now. You need to calm down, Renee. It’s not like you didn’t keep anything from me! Did it slip your mind all these months that your ass couldn’t even have kids?!”

I opened my mouth to reply, but couldn’t. I just stood there and stared at him, because he’d just hit way below the belt.

“Shit,” he mumbled. “Baby, I shouldn’t have said that. I’m sorry. Look, will you just calm down and let me explain?”

My head throbbed as tears began to fall. “No, Zo. I don’t wanna hear a damn thing you have to say. Screw you. Screw your weak-ass apology. You can kiss my ass and go to hell.”

I snatched my purse from the table and dug my keys out.

“Where are you going? You need to hear me out on this. Please.”

“To work.”

“Wait,” he said softly. “Let me call Rell.”

“I’m driving myself.”

As I headed for the front door, I heard him say, “Can we please talk about this later? I can explain if you’ll let me.”

I didn’t answer him, just left, slamming the front door behind me.



*****



Work was hectic, which made it easy not to think about Zo’s revelation and to ignore his calls and texts and voicemails. The one text I did accidentally read consisted of him telling me he loved me and that he really could explain. Explain what? Explain how? Sure, I should’ve told him about my infertility sooner, but he managed to let four entire kids slip his mind, and that was just something he could never adequately explain.

After work, I stayed in my office, afraid if I went outside he would be out on the parking lot waiting for me. I sat at my desk until pretty late into the night before finally leaving and making my way to my mother’s house, because there was no way I was sleeping under the same roof as Lorenzo.

I parked in the driveway and stared at the house, my heart aching and breaking at the same time. I loved Lorenzo Higgs with everything in me, and a voice in the back of my head kept whispering that maybe I’d overreacted. I’d actually sat my ass up in my own home and babysat for Robert’s side chick. I’d eventually left, but I’d given him more respect and more grace over the decade of our hellish marriage than I did Lorenzo, who’d been so much better to me. I needed to go home to him, but I also needed time. A couple of days to sort through what he’d told me and separate my own feelings of inadequacy from my feelings of shock and well, anger at the fact that he’d kept this from me at all. I loved this man, gave him my heart at a time when I should’ve been keeping it under lock and key. I trusted him, and he kept this from me.

So you didn’t keep anything from him?

Shit, I was being a hypocrite, a huge hypocrite. I would go back and hear him out after work tomorrow. I really did owe him that much courtesy.

I slid out of my car, and a minute or so later, was padding up the stairs with no thought of even attempting to eat dinner. My life and my job had both exhausted me. I closed my eyes as I approached the door to my bedroom, my head so jumbled with thoughts that I actually passed the open door and found myself down the hall at my mother’s door. Shaking my head, I turned around, and once in my doorway, saw a sight that made me shriek and run all the way from the second floor out to my car, leaving the front door wide open.





33





I knew they were home, but they were probably either having sex or filming a video or both, and I was interrupting them by beating on their door. But I didn’t care. After what I’d just seen, all I cared about was getting inside their place and burying my head in their toilet.

“Damn…who is it?! Shit!” Ryan yelled through the door.

“Renee!”

The door swung open almost instantly to reveal my sister’s husband in basketball shorts and no shirt. “My bad. You were beating on the door like a grown man. Come in. Let me get Angie.”

As I followed him inside, he yelled, “Hey, baby! It’s your sister!”

“Nicky?!” Angie shouted in response.

“No! Renee!” Ryan answered her.

“Okay! Be right out!”

Ryan lowered his voice, turning to me. “Hey, let me go put on a shirt real quick. Have a seat. Want something to drink?”

I shook my head as I clutched my stomach. “No…can I use the bathroom?”

He nodded. “Yeah. You know where it is.”

I followed him down the hall, dashing into the bathroom and falling to the floor in front of the toilet. A few seconds later, Angie had rushed through the door I’d left open and was by my side.

“Renee, are you okay?!”

I shook my head as I gripped the toilet bowl and heaved so hard my head began to pound.

“What is it?! Why’re you sick?!”

“Mama…” I managed to say, as I coughed into the toilet.

“Mama? What’s wrong with Mama?! Ryan! Something’s wrong with my mother!”

Now Ryan was in the bathroom. “What’s wrong with your mother, baby? We need to go over there?!”

“I don’t know!” Angie wailed.

Positive that my stomach was empty, I collapsed onto my butt on the floor and shook my head. “No…she’s-there’s nothing wrong with her. Can I get a wet towel?”

Angie nodded. “Yeah. Baby, can you get her some water? Renee, can you stand? Let’s go in the living room.”





My hand trembled as I attempted to take a sip of the water. Angie was sitting next to me as Ryan sat across from us in an accent chair. They wore twin worried expressions as they waited for me to speak.

I glanced up at Ryan, and said, “Uh…I know this is your house, too, Ryan…but can you—”

He hopped up, stepped over to Angie and kissed her cheek, then said, “No problem. I’ll be back in the bedroom if y’all need me.”

Angie smiled up at him and nodded. “Okay. Thanks, baby.”

I took another sip of water and sighed. “I’m sorry if I interrupted something, but I couldn’t think of anywhere else to go.”

“Where is Lorenzo?”

I shrugged. “At home, I guess.”

Angie stared at me for a moment. “Didn’t you just call me yesterday telling me you were engaged? What the hell happened?”

I filled her in on what had transpired between us, and she stared at me again.

“What?” I asked.

“Nay, why didn’t you at least hear him out?”

“I don’t know. It just…why didn’t he tell me before now?”

“Why didn’t you tell him about your fertility issues?”

“I don’t know that, either.”

“And what does any of this have to do with our mother?”

“I’m getting to that.”

She blew out a breath and nodded. “Okay…”

“Look, I’m going back home to Lorenzo. Just not tonight. I need time to clear my mind first.”

“You gonna at least call him? Something?”

I shook my head. “I can’t right now. My mind is all tangled up, and honestly, I know it has more to do with my feelings about not being able to conceive than him not telling me about his kids.”

“I guess. But I still think you should at least call the man. You live with him, Nay, and he loves you.”

“Not right now. Anyway, so I went home to Mama’s for the night and-and—” I grabbed my stomach which had begun to bubble as the scene popped into my memory. “Ohhhh!”

“You okay?!”

“No, because Mama was in my room, in my bed. Naked, on her knees…with a feather hanging out of her butt and another one sticking out of her hair.”

Angie’s eyes looked like they were about to pop out of her head. “Huh-what?”

“And-and she wasn’t alone. Daddy was with her.”

“What?!”

“And-and-and he had on a cowboy hat, some cowboy boots, a leather vest, and some leather chaps. No pants or underwear…oh! I’m about to throw up againnnnn.”

“Shit! Me, too!”

I jumped up and ran back to the bathroom, dry-heaving for a minute or so with Angie sitting on the side of her tub watching me with this bewildered look on her face.

As I caught my breath, I continued with, “And he had this lasso in his hand, swinging it over his head. It was the freakiest, most horrible thing I’ve ever seen in my life!”

“Why did Mama have a feather hanging out of her ass?” Angie asked.

“Hell, I don’t know! Maybe she was supposed to be a turkey or a chicken or a peacock or a cockatoo or a damn pigeon! You think I took the time to ask questions? I got the hell up out of there!!”

“And why your room?”

“I. Don’t. Know. Wait, what if they’ve just been screwing all over the house for years?” My stomach bubbled. “Oh…”

“Girl, wait until Nicky hears this shit. Like, what the actual fuck?”

“You’re gonna have to tell her. I don’t even want to think about it again.”

“And Mama and Daddy…does this mean they’re back together?”

“I don’t know,” I groaned. “Can I stay here tonight?”

She slowly nodded. “Yeah, sure. Uh, shit. I need a damn drink behind this. Let me see if Ryan will run to the liquor store. You want some wine or something?”

“Yes, anything. Wine, Molly, Percocet, crack. I gotta get these images out my head. Daddy was all shiny and sweaty and I saw his-his—” I stuck my head in the toilet again.

“Ryan!” Angie shouted. “Can you run to the liquor store?!”





34





I’d left my phone in my car all night at Angie’s and found several missed calls from my mother and Lorenzo. I shook my head. I couldn’t talk to either of them, and besides, it was still really early. I left Angie’s around 5:00 AM so I could go to Walmart and buy something to wear to work.

I finally called Mama around ten that morning and listened to her apologize profusely for invading my personal space.

“You haven’t been here in months, and you’re engaged. I just didn’t think you’d be back.”

I choked back my breakfast, which threatened to make a reappearance at that moment. “No, it’s your house. Guess I should’ve called before coming over. I just never…uh, are you and Daddy back together?”

“No. Just dating, working toward it.”

“Oh.”

“Hey, did Nicky tell you she got engaged over the weekend, too?”

“Really? No, I haven’t talked to her. I tried to call her to tell her about my engagement but got her voicemail. That’s great for her, I guess.”

“You guess?”

“Well, I don’t know Travis—wait, it is Travis she’s engaged to, right?”

“Who else would it be?”

“This is Nicky we’re talking about.”

Mama chuckled. “That’s true. So anyway, I’m thinking of throwing you girls a double engagement party, since I hardly ever see you two anymore and I haven’t met either of your fiancés.”

“Mama, I’ve been inviting you to stuff, dinner at Lorenzo’s, his book party. You keep saying no.”

“I know. Just been having so much fun with your father. It’s like we’re kids again.”

My stomach dropped. “Great for you guys. I gotta go, Mama.”

“Okay, sweetie. I’ll get back to you about the party.”

“Okay.”

I sat there and managed to get my stomach to settle down a little and decided to call Lorenzo before my ass didn’t have a fiancé to celebrate. Just as I was picking up my phone, the office phone beeped. “Renee, you have a call on line three,” Janice said.

I set my phone down and felt my heart jump a little as I hoped it was Lorenzo. “Did they give a name?”

“Yes. Betty Higgs.”





A couple of hours later, I was sitting in Mama Higgs’ kitchen eating what she described as a special sandwich she usually only made for her Zo—ham, bacon, an over easy egg, and cheese on Texas toast with a little Thousand Island dressing. It was good, but I could almost feel my arteries clogging as I ate it.

We ate in silence, but I knew she didn’t invite me to lunch just for the pleasure of my presence, so I took a sip of water, and said, “Mmm, this sandwich is delicious. Thanks for inviting me to lunch.”

“Oh, you’re welcome, honey.”

“Um…Did you want to talk to me about something, Mama Higgs?”

She nodded. “Be right back.”

In the time she was gone, I finished my sandwich and water and just sat there glancing around her spotless kitchen. She finally returned with a small photo album in hand and reclaimed her seat.

“I talked to Zo this morning. Called him to see how the proposal went. I knew he’d planned to do it at the party before Veda came up in there and acted a fool. I mean, she showed her whole ass.”

I smiled a little. “Yes, ma’am. She did.”

“He told me what you told him, about being infertile?”

I nodded, fought back the tears that formed every time I thought about that.

“And he told you, or tried to tell you about his children?”

I looked at her for a moment. “Yes, ma’am.”

She opened the photo album to a picture of two smiling little chocolate boys. “Darwin and Jovani. The two oldest. Stair steps. I think they were four and five in this picture. They’re twenty-two and twenty-three now. Their mother is a girl named Latisha. She was Zo’s girlfriend at the time.” She flipped the page to a little brown boy sitting on a teenage girl’s lap. “This is Luke. He was two in this picture. He’s about twenty now.” Moving her finger to the next page, she pointed out a lighter-skinned little girl. “Kerry. She’s actually in the middle of the boys. She’s twenty-one.”

She slid the book over to me. “Four kids. Three different mothers. He didn’t have a relationship with Luke’s or Kerry’s mom from what he tells me. They just sort of happened. He was fifteen when his first child was born, eighteen when he finally had sense enough to stop spreading his seed all over Chicago.”

I stared down at the pictures, then looked up at her. “He’s sure they’re all his?” I had my suspicions about the girl. She didn’t resemble Lorenzo at all.

She shook her head. “No, but he supported them all financially anyway. Look, honey, what you’ve got to understand is the Zo you know and love didn’t exist back then. He was young and foolish, just about worried me to death running the streets, selling drugs, sleeping with all those girls, some his age and others were grown-ass women. And I’m pretty sure he got into some deeper illegal mess that I don’t even want to think about.

“He didn’t help raise those kids, didn’t even have the desire to until he finally stopped selling drugs and decided to move back here. It was like leaving that mess behind helped open his eyes to what’s important in this life. That was eight years ago, and everything you see now? The suits he wears, the business man he is? That’s his way of shaking off his past. He tried to get to know those kids, but they weren’t having it. Jovani and Darwin still won’t give him the time of day unless they want money from him, and he just keeps giving it to them out of guilt. Luke is locked up right now, but he still won’t have anything to do with Zo. Kerry’s the only one who’ll even talk to him on the phone. But that’s only when he can catch her. He pays for her to go to grad school, I think it is. But none of them will really let him be a father now.

“But…”

“But nothing. He showed you Darwin’s Facebook page, right?”

I nodded.

“Do you know he had to make a fake account for that boy to accept his friend request? Those children are angry at him, because he was never there and I can’t blame them, but our Zo is not that man anymore. He wants to do better. He would if he could. Look, I didn’t tell you about these kids before, because I felt it wasn’t up to me to do it. But I’ve got to intervene now, because my boy needs you. He loves you.”

I closed my eyes and sighed. “I know. I’m going home to him tonight.”

“Good.”





35





It was around six in the evening when I saw her pull into the driveway. Peeping through the window in my office, I saw her wave at Rell then walk toward the house.

I didn’t hear her come into the house, because I was listening to my old-school hip hop iTunes playlist on my computer. I turned it off in time to hear her knock at my office door.

“Zo, you in there?”

“Yeah.”

She eased the door open and stepped inside in clothes I’d never seen her wear before. She looked tired. As pretty as ever, but tired. “Hey,” she said softly.

“Hey,” I replied.

She slid into a chair in front of my desk and sighed. “I’m sorry, Zo. I should’ve listened to you. I was—your mother told me everything about your kids. I understand that you’re trying to build relationships with them. I know…I know they’re still angry at who you were in the past.”

I adjusted in my seat and dropped my eyes to the top of my desk. “So you talked to my mama…”

“Yes, yes, and I get it now. I’m sorry for not listening to you, Zo.”

I raised my eyes. “But you listened to my mother. You gave her that respect, huh?”

She frowned a little and nodded. “Yes…”

“But the man you love, the one who loves you with everything in him, you couldn’t listen to him, right?”

She sat up straight. “Zo—”

“And then, you went against your word and left me. You left me again, Doc, after you promised you wouldn’t. You fucking left me. And you didn’t answer your phone. And where the hell did those clothes come from?”

She looked down at herself and back up at me. “Walmart. Zo, I just needed time—”

“No, Renee, what you needed to do was to sit in that kitchen and hear me out! But you didn’t. It took my mama to make you understand. But you ain’t been screwing my mama all these months!”

She stood up. “Zo! I’m sorry!”

“You kept some shit from me, too, Renee. Some serious shit, but I didn’t run for the fucking hills, did I? I sat there and listened to you and accepted that shit, because that was all I could do. Because I love your ass!”

“Zo…” Her voice quivered.

I had leaned forward and could feel my temple pulsating. “I love you. Never loved anyone the way I love you, but I can’t do this shit anymore.”

“What are you talking about? You can’t do what?”

“Us. I can’t do us. I can’t keep loving you and watching you leave me over and over again. I can’t take that shit anymore! I told you it hurts. It hurts like a motherfucker, and I don’t like pain. Not that kind of pain. You gotta take that shit somewhere else.”

She stood there for a long time, just staring at me, and I stared back at her for a while but had to look away when she started crying.

“Zo, I made a mistake. I’m sorry. Don’t do this to us. Please don’t.”

“You did it, Renee. Running away, ignoring my calls and texts like I’m a nuisance or something. You know how fucked up that is? You wearing my ring and disrespecting me like that? Yeah, I should have told you. I wanted to tell you, but I don’t even like thinking about how I fucked things up with my kids. They hate me and I can’t even get mad because I know I deserve it, but I don’t wanna think about it.”

“I understand that now.”

“Now?” I scoffed. “Renee, you know me. You know my heart. You should’ve sat your ass down and heard me out. The first thought in your head shouldn’t have been that I was just another nigga who wasn’t shit when it came to their kids, because you know me better than that. You told me to kiss your ass! And you know what, I bet you never treated your ex like that.”

“Zo, please—”

“No! I’m done. You can get your stuff and go back to wherever you spent last night. Keep the damn ring. I don’t need it.”

I left her in my office, snatched my keys from the table in the foyer, and waved Rell off once I got outside, hopping in my Escalade and leaving.



*****





A week after I last saw Renee, I was doing okay. I mean, I’m not going to lie and say I didn’t miss her, because I did, but I could deal with the door to us being closed permanently better than I could deal with never knowing when she’d decide to leave me.

That shit was just too much for me.

I probably would have missed her less if she’d taken her stuff with her when she left, but my closet was still full of her clothes. The counter in my bathroom was still crowded with her hair products and curling irons. Her toothbrush was still in the holder next to mine. My sheets smelled like her, and the mattress smelled like her when I snatched the sheets off of it. Her coffee mug with the words black nurse magic was still sitting on the counter next to my coffee maker. She was gone, but not really. Her presence was everywhere. And I have to admit, that was getting to me more than a little bit, so I grabbed some suitcases and packed her stuff up. What I couldn’t fit in the suitcases, I put in boxes, and when I was done, I texted Rell and asked him to come in the house.

He stepped into my office with raised eyebrows.

“Hey, man, come in here with me. I need you to take care of something for me.”

He followed me into the living room where I’d stacked up the suitcases and boxes.

“I need you to take this stuff to Renee. I think she’s at her mother’s house. I’ll text you the address.”

Rell just stood there and looked at me.

“Did you hear me, Rell?”

He nodded.

“Then why are you just standing there looking at me and shit? I need this done ASAP!”

“Because I’m not doing it,” Rell said.

Silence filled the room. Was I losing my damn mind?

“I got your back, Zo, and you know it. You’ve always been there for me and my family. Ain’t nothing I won’t do for you, but this? This is wrong, and I’m not doing it.”

“Uh—”

“You love her. She loves you, and you need to get over yourself and fix this whole fear of losing people thing you have. You need to get over your abandonment issues. She was upset and she left, and then she came back. But all you can see is the fact that she left. People get mad, people leave, but people also come back! You’re fixated on the leaving part, and you’re only looking at half the picture. So, I’m not doing that. I’m not taking that stuff to her, because someone has to save you from your own damn self!”

“Nigga…you can talk?” I asked.

“Yeah, but I don’t usually have to. I know how to get my point across without words. And I don’t really like talking because my brother was always telling me to keep my mouth shut about all the stupid shit he was doing, the same shit that got him killed. But this shit you’re trying to do? The way you’re trying to dismiss Renee, erase her? This requires me to speak. Do you know she’s a mess? Janine said she walks around work all puffy-eyed, doesn’t smile. Is that really what you want for her?”

“No, man. I love her. I don’t want her to hurt, but—”

“Then stop this! Unpack her stuff and go make things right! Apologize!” He turned to leave, and then stopped and spun back around. “Oh, and she’s not staying at her mom’s. Janine says she’s staying with her sister, Angie. Let me know when you’re ready to go and I’ll see if I can get her address from Janine.”

“I didn’t say I was going anywhere.”

“If your ass has an ounce of sense, you are. You really gonna let her get away? You gonna let her get over you and go find someone else to be with?”

I sat my miserable ass there for thirty minutes before dragging Renee’s stuff back upstairs and unpacking it, wondering all the while if I’d hallucinated that conversation with Rell. I’d known him since he was literally like twelve years old and I’d never heard him mumble a word, but this dude had just spoken with more wisdom than I had in years. Shit, he kept me from seriously screwing things up with Renee. He was right. I loved her, would lose my complete mind if I ever saw her with another man. And yeah, my ass really did need to get over my anxiety when it came to losing people.

After I finally put her stuff where it belonged, down to the mug on the kitchen counter, I stepped outside to see Rell leaning on my Maybach. “You get her sister’s address from Janine?”

He nodded, and as he opened one of the back doors for me, both of us turned toward the sound of a car pulling in front of my house. Renee’s car. I looked at Rell who shrugged. “She knows the gate code,” he said.

He spoke again. Maybe I wasn’t losing it.

I watched her step out of her car, and I trotted over to her. “Renee!”

She kept walking, stopping at the front door and looking back where I stood right behind her. “I’m just here to get my stuff and leave your ring. Won’t take me long. Can you have Rell get those boxes out of my trunk?” She spoke so softly, I could barely hear her.

I reached in front of her and unlocked the door. She still had a key, but I guess she thought it best not to use it.

She walked into my house, and I glanced back at Rell who gave me a smile as I closed the door. When I turned back around, Renee was already headed up the stairs.

“Renee!” I called after her, but she didn’t respond. By the time I made it upstairs, she was already in the bedroom, pulling clothes out of the closet.

As she placed some stuff on the bed, she looked up at me, and asked, “Where are the boxes?”

“I don’t want you to take your stuff,” I said.

She was headed back to the closet, but stopped in her tracks and with her back to me, said, “No, I clearly remember you telling me to get my stuff and go, Lorenzo. It took me a little while, but I’m here and I’m not leaving without my stuff.”

“I don’t want you to go, either.”

She didn’t respond or move a muscle, so I stepped up behind her and leaned in close to her ear. “Don’t go.”

She shook her head. “Zo, you hurt me. I mean, you really hurt me.”

“I know. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that shit I said. I was—I was upset. Look, baby, I got a lot of things about me that need to be fixed. I ain’t been right since I lost my dad. It hurt for you to leave me like that, and I just…I didn’t handle things right. Please, forgive me.”

She stood there for a long moment, as if she was thinking about what I said, and then she headed back to the closet. I followed her.

“You’re not going to forgive me? You’re not going to stay?”

“No, because how do I know you won’t go off on me the next time I decide to go to the store by myself?”

“You’re exaggerating.”

She snatched a dress from a hanger and flung it at me. “No! You exaggerated. I was gone for one day, Zo, one day, and then I came back, because I love you and not coming back was never really an option. I came to you as a woman and apologized. I owned my wrong and you shit all over me, threw me out like trash. Dismissed me like I meant nothing to you. So, no! I’m not staying!”

She yanked a few more items from hangers and tried to move past me into the bedroom, but I wouldn’t budge.

“Zo, move!”

“No. Not until you accept my apology. You’re right. I’m wrong. I’m a piece of shit for treating you like that. I don’t deserve to breathe the same air as you, never did, never will, but I love you and I need you.”

She shook her head as she dropped the clothes in her hands, picked up a pair of her shoes, and threw them at me. “I don’t care what you need! Move! Move your big ass out of my way!”

“No.”

She backed up against a wall in a section of the closet that was bare because of the clothes she’d removed, slid down, and sat on some shoes that she promptly pulled from under her and threw across the closet, hitting the opposite wall. Burying her face in her hands, she groaned, “Just let me goooo!”

I lowered myself to the floor, sitting directly in front of her. “I can’t.”

“You hurt me, and I don’t want to be hurt anymore!”

“You hurt me, too, baby.”

“But I apologized!”

“So did I.”

And then silence, as we sat there staring at each other. I watched a tear trickle down her face and finally spoke again. “I love you, Doc.”

“I know you do, Zo.”

I moved right next to her and wiped her wet cheeks. “And I don’t want to be without you.”

She sniffled. “I know that, too.”

Placing my hand on her cheek, I turned her head so that her eyes met mine. “Baby, this love we have, it’s got a mind of its own. It’s wild and urgent and fucking beautiful. It’s so strong and consuming and sometimes, I love you so much I feel like I’m gonna lose my mind, but I don’t want it to change. I want to be just as passionate about you in fifty years as I am today, but I have to admit it makes me a little crazy, and the thought of losing you…it’s too much for me. Way too much. That shit makes it hard for me to even breathe.”

“Zo, couples argue. I might need a time-out sometimes. It was wrong to stay gone overnight. I know that, but baby, I might need space sometimes, a few hours to clear my head, but I’ll always, always come back to you. You’re the love of my life. Don’t you realize that?”

I searched her eyes for a moment before saying, “Does that mean you’ll stay?”

She didn’t answer.

“Does it?” I repeated.

“Zo…”

“Please?”

She shook her head.

I leaned in and kissed her neck. “Doc, please. Please, stay. I don’t know how to be without you.”

With a deep sigh, she said, “No more secrets from either of us, and Zo, you gotta trust that I love you and wanna be with you. You’ve got to. You asked me to believe in you, but you have to believe in me, too.”

“I do, baby. I do.”

“I missed you.”

“I missed you, too.”

“And I’ll stay.”

I blew out a breath and rested my head against the closet wall. “Thank you. Thank you.”

She leaned against me, and I pulled her into my arms, kissing the top of her head, then her forehead, then lifted her chin again so that I could cover her lips with mine. She reached up and rested a hand on the side of my neck as she returned the kiss that swiftly escalated from sweet to sensual as her tongue slipped inside my mouth. I moaned into her mouth when she reached down and rubbed my erection through my pants, dug my hand in her hair and tried to pull her face closer to mine. But that was impossible, so I reached down and palmed her right breast through her t-shirt.

Then she broke our connection, and said, “No touching, Zo.”

I stared at her. The closet light was on, but with all the shelving and the clothes that hung around us, there was a shadow cast over her face. That, along with the authority in her voice, had my dick as hard as steel. “Yes, ma’am,” I responded.

She raised up on her knees and began unbuttoning my shirt, and once my chest was exposed, lowered her head and grazed my nipple with her teeth before covering it with her warm mouth and sucking on it, all while groping and rubbing my groin.

I clenched my hands beside me to keep from touching her, sucked in a breath when she unfastened my slacks, slid her hand into my underwear, and began massaging my erection as she lifted her t-shirt and bra and pinched her own nipple. I leaned forward and tried to lick her nipple, but she backed out of my reach. “No touching, baby.”

I nodded and fell back against the wall.

She stood and slowly undressed, dropping her clothes on the floor piece by piece—t-shirt, jeans, bra, panties—until she stood over me, naked, her legs spread apart so that I could gaze right up at my favorite part of her body. She stood there for so long, I started releasing and clenching my hands over and over. I wanted to feel the wetness and heat between her legs so bad I was about to lose it. “Can I touch it, baby?” I asked.

“No,” she said matter-of-factly, joining me on the floor again. “Take your clothes off, Zo.”

I scrambled to my feet as she reclaimed her seat on the floor and opened her legs wide. I damn near fell trying to get my pants off.

“Come back down here,” she ordered.

“Can I touch you now?”

“No. Lie down on the floor and close your eyes.”

I did as she said and gasped when she grabbed my dick and began sliding her hand up and down it. “Doc,” I moaned. “Let me touch you.”

“No!”

She straddled me, licking my mouth, my neck, my chest, sucking on the nipple she’d failed to show any attention earlier. Then she grabbed my dick and rubbed it up and down her clit as she closed her eyes and moaned. It felt so fucking good and tortuous to know I was that close to being inside of her but not inside of her, that I groaned from somewhere deep within me and my hands flew up. I smacked both of her thighs, and screamed, “Wooooo, shit!”

She stopped and let go of me. I opened my eyes and stared at her. For an entire minute, she stayed there, squatting over me, the scent of her filling my nose, my hands on her thighs. Finally, she said, “You’re touching me.”

“I know. You were driving me crazy, baby.”

“Mm-hmm, so you know I have to punish you now, right?”

I nodded. “Yeah…”

She moved my hands and crawled up my body to my face, placing her beautiful pussy right on my mouth. “Now, you can touch me,” she said.

I smiled, grabbed her thighs, and went to work, dipping my tongue in her wetness before sliding it over her pearl, licking and slurping the sensitive flesh, moaning at its sweetness as she grinded against my mouth and purred softly. Renee had the best-tasting pussy I’d ever had the pleasure of feasting on, and my mouth couldn’t get enough of it.

“Lie down, baby,” I said against her clit.

She slid off my face and rolled onto her back. I spread my body over hers and quickly slid down to taste her again, pushing her thighs up until her knees were pressed against her breasts, giving myself unimpeded access to her sweet treasure. I slurped all over it, dipping a finger inside her to feel the slickness, felt her body begin to quiver when an orgasm rushed through her. Then I slid back up her body, grabbing her face in my hands and devouring her mouth as she whimpered from the aftermath of her orgasm. Reaching between us, I squeezed her clit, making her twitch and gasp.

Finally, I buried myself inside of her, felt her clench around me and pull at me hungrily. I closed my eyes and growled, pressed my lips against hers, holding them there as I thrusted deeper and harder, leaning on her raised thighs, keeping her wide open for me.

“Did you give my pussy away while you were gone, Doc?” I asked, as I plunged inside her, giving her every inch of me.

“No, baby. I didn’t,” she whined.

“You sure? Because I’ll kill a motherfucker over this pussy.”

“Ooooooo, I didn’t, Zo. I didn’t…”

“Good.”

“Zo!” she screamed, as I drove harder and faster and deeper, sweat wetting my skin. I stared into her eyes, felt her body pull at me over and over again. She felt so damn good and hot and wet and…right, all I could do was repeat the words, “I love you.” I must’ve said them a thousand times.

“I love you…”

“I love you…”

“I…love…you…”

I plunged deeper, faster, harder, filling the closet with the sounds of ragged breathing, flesh slapping against flesh, me entering her wetness, and our little call and response.

“Zo!”

“I love you!”

“Shit! Zo!”

“I love you!”

“Damn-it! Zo!”

“I love you...”

“I love you, toooooooo…”

When I exploded, my thrusts became arrhythmic and spasmodic as I held my breath and kissed her again, muffling myself. With a wrinkled brow, I delivered a final thrust, collapsed onto her body, and squeezed my arms around her. “Don’t ever leave me again, baby. Please don’t leave me again. Please…”

“I won’t. I won’t.”





36





“You sure this is good? I mean, you don’t think I should go with the Tom Ford with the pink shirt?” He pulled on his suit jacket as he stared at himself in the mirrored closet door. “I think it fits better.”

“Zo, all your suits fit you perfectly because they’re tailored.”

“Nah, there’s something about the Tom Ford, though. It just fits different.”

I sighed. “If you wanna wear the Tom Ford, then wear the Tom Ford, baby.”

“But this one complements your dress.”

“Then wear that one.”

“You’re right. I should wear this one. Can’t go wrong with Armani.” He crossed the bedroom and opened the closet door. “But this tie…”

“Zo! We’re gonna be late and we’re the guests of honor along with Nicky and Travis.”

“I know. Shit, I’m nervous, baby. I’m meeting your parents.”

“You’re only meeting my mom. I doubt my father will be there, or at least she didn’t mention him coming.”

“Still…” He bent over and picked up two pairs of shoes. “Which ones?”

“Are either of them Tom Ford?”

He held up the pair in his right hand.

“Wear those so you’ll have your Tom Ford fix.”

“Good idea.”

He put his shoes on and then stared at himself in the mirror again. “Let me brush my hair again.”

“Zo! I have been ready for thirty minutes. Let’s go! I swear you’re giving me a headache!”

“Okay, okay. I just wanna make the right impression. I mean, your sister’s fiancé is a lawyer, and I’m—”

“A bestselling author.”

“Who used to sell drugs.”

“My mother doesn’t know that.”

“You gonna tell her?”

“Why would I? It’s not any of her business.”

“You sure?”

“You’re stalling. Let’s go, Lorenzo.”

“Damn, you called me Lorenzo. Guess you mean business.” He flashed me a smile and walked over to me, grabbing my hand and kissing my cheek. “Okay, let’s go.”

“Finally.”

In the backseat of his Maybach, he squeezed my hand, and asked, “Is your head really hurting again?”

I nodded. “Yeah, but not bad. And I already checked my blood pressure while you were in the closet earlier shopping for ties, so it’s not that.”

“But it’s something.”

I shrugged. “Probably just tension or something.”

“You’re worried about tonight?”

I shook my head. “No…maybe it’s work tension.”

“Maybe? I’m paying for the third midwife like I said, and you’re gonna take some time off. You deserve it.”

“Zo, don’t start that again. I’ll be fine. Maybe I haven’t been getting enough sleep.”

“Shiiiiit, I don’t know how you were sleeping while you were gone, but since you came home, your ass has been sleeping like a baby and snoring like a freight train.”

“So you think you don’t snore, Zo?”

“I can’t be snoring like you do, and I haven’t been snoring at all in the last two weeks since you’ve been back. Hell, you’ve been keeping me up!”

I rolled my eyes. “Shut up.”

“But for real, baby, you just gave me two unrelated reasons for your headache, and you’ve been getting them like every day. It might not be your blood pressure, but something is causing them. I’ma need you to go to the doctor.”

I sighed. “I will.”

“Tomorrow.”

“Zo, I don’t know if I can get an appointment for tomorrow.”

“Then go to one of those walk-in clinics.”

“Zo—”

“Please, baby.”

I saw the pleading in his eyes, heard the urgency in his voice, and I acquiesced. Truth be told, my headaches concerned me, too, but I think I was afraid to find out what was going on. I knew it wasn’t my blood pressure, and the thought of it being something more serious scared me to death. But I could see that it scared him even more.

“Hey,” I said softly as Rell pulled into my mother’s driveway, “I love you.”

He leaned in and kissed me, then backed away with this smile on his face. “I got dressed up, left home, and am going to spend the evening in an intimate setting with your family. You know I love your ass.”

I grinned as he climbed out of the car and reached for my hand.





Renee’s mom’s house was nice, neat, screamed money, and made me even more nervous. Just knowing Renee and how articulate and intelligent she was, told me my ass was going to be a serious fish out of water here with these people. Renee had tried to ease my mind by saying her father was just a car salesman and her mother had never worked, but shit, she didn’t come from the world of drugs and crime like I did, from my daddy down to me. But nevertheless, when her mother greeted us at the door, I kissed her hand and thanked her for having me.

“You’re so welcome. I’m just glad to finally meet you, and I am not disappointed.” She turned to Renee and added, “Wow, you outdid yourself, Renee. Vast improvement.”

That made me smile. That plus the fact that Renee and her mom looked a lot alike. I saw where Renee got those curves from, too. Her mama was fine as hell.

She led us into the living room, where Renee’s sister, Angie, and her husband were already waiting, and left to go check on something. Ryan, who I’d met a couple of times before and liked being around because he was funny as hell, got up and met me halfway into the room, dapped me up, and with a grin on his face said, “You done got roped in by a Strickland sister, too, huh?”

I laughed. “Hell, yeah! Renee got my ass!”

“Man, if you’re not careful, you gon’ be midwifing and shit like Angie got me YouTubing.”

“I ain’t got you doing nothing you don’t wanna do, Ryan Boyé!”

“I’m just doing it for the sex, Angie-baby. Only for the sex.”

Angie shot him a look, and he said, “What?”

I chuckled. “I know the feeling, man. Why you think I’m here? Shit, I love being a damn hermit, but I ain’t got time for Renee to cut me off.”

Renee rolled her eyes.

Ryan laughed. “Man, that’s what I’m talking about. They give you that magical Strickland pussy and have you doing all kinds of shit you never thought you’d do.”

“I hope my mother heard you two. She thinks Ryan is a damn saint,” Angie said.

“Well, she looked like she wanted to climb Zo. I really wish my old, un-sex-crazed, unfreaky mother would return,” Renee said, then clutched her stomach.

“What’s wrong?” I asked, with a frown.

“Just remembering something.”

We all sat down, and Ryan said, “Lorenzo, man, you’re in for a treat, because my baby cooked her ass off!”

I raised my eyebrows. “For real? You cook like that, Angie? You know I like to mess around in the kitchen, too.”

She nodded. “Yeah, I love to cook. We’re gonna have to plan a potluck or something. Start having some couples’ dates since we’re all gonna be married.”

“Yeah, sounds good,” I replied. “What’s your best dish? I can burn when it comes to surf and turf.”

“Soul food. But I can work with just about anything.”

“Hey, everyone! Where’s Mama?” Renee’s little sister, Nicky, walked into the living room with her fiancé on her arm. As far as I could tell, he was cool, but Renee was convinced it wouldn’t work between them because she said her little sister was, for lack of a better word, a ho’.

“How’d you get in?” Renee asked.

“Used my key.”

“Mama went to check on something,” Angie said.

“Oh.” Nicky looked kind of lost for a moment, and then an idea seemed to pop into her head. “You guys know, Travis, right?” She turned to her fiancé, who was closer to Ryan’s height than mine. “Travvie, you remember my sisters and their guys?”

As Travis walked over and shook me and Ryan’s hands, Renee muttered, “The white girl is back.” Angie nodded in agreement.

We were all sitting chatting about nothing in particular when Mrs. Strickland returned. “Well, all that’s left is for Angelo to get here. Late as always.”

“Daddy’s coming?” Angie asked.

Her mother nodded as she stepped over to the loveseat and hugged Nicky and Travis. “Of course! He wants to meet Lorenzo and Travis, too.”

Shit.

I had really hoped he wasn’t coming. Mothers are easy to impress when you look like I do. Fathers are a different story. Now my ass was petrified.

Renee grabbed my hand. “Let me show you something while we wait for my dad.”

She led me to a wall of pictures and pointed out herself at various ages. Her with her sisters, with her parents, her mother when she was pregnant with her, her parents’ wedding picture. That wall held the entire Strickland family history.

“This is nice,” I said. “Real nice.”

“We should do this in your house. In the living room. Pictures of us growing up and now. I love your house, Zo, but I’ve always felt it needed a more personal touch.”

My eyes still on the wall, I said, “It’s your home, too, baby. Do it. But you’ll have to get some old pictures of me from my mom. I don’t have any.”

“Really? You’d let me do it?”

I looked at her and smiled. “Yeah. You can add or change whatever you want.”

She leaned against me, and I wrapped my arm around her waist. “Your sisters look like your dad. You’re just like your mom. Big-old pretty eyes and all.”

“I know. Lorenzo, I don’t ever want you to stop reaching out to your kids. Don’t ever give up on trying to be a part of their lives.”

“I won’t. Hey, how are you feeling? Head still hurting?”

“I’m fine. Are you okay? I mean, I know you’d rather be home.”

I kissed her head. “I’m good. This is nice. We should do this more often.”

“Yeah, we should.”

“Honey, I’m home!” a booming voice announced.

I turned to see an older version of the pictures on the wall enter the room. I’d seen him on his commercials. He hadn’t aged quite as well as his wife, but from what Renee told me, he’d been running in behind other women for years. I just didn’t get men like him or Renee’s ex. Why couldn’t they be satisfied with what they had at home? But shit, I’d messed over more than a few women myself. Darwin’s and Jovani’s mom was pretty and loyal to a fault, and I didn’t appreciate her at all. She was bitter as hell about it. I couldn’t blame her, though.

Mr. Strickland approached Travis, shook his hand and exchanged a few nice words with him, then headed my way. “Angelo Strickland,” he said, giving me a firm handshake.

“Lorenzo Higgs. Great to finally meet you. Renee has told me a lot about you.”

“Wish I could say the same, but I know I need to work on communicating with my girls better.”

He leaned in and kissed Renee’s cheek. “Hey, baby girl.”

“Hey, Daddy.”

He shifted his focus back to me. “So my Lisa tells me you’re a writer, but looking at you, I’d swear you were a bodybuilder.”

I smiled. “Used to work out a lot. Stopped a few years back. Just try to get my cardio in when I can now.” I grabbed Renee’s hand and squeezed it and she shot me a glance, but I could tell she wanted to giggle.

“Really? What’d you do back then? Free weights or machine?”

“Free weights. Usually like five sets of thirty. In my best shape, I could lift one-twenty-five easily.

“That’s a lot. Got a new weight machine in my office. Trying to get in shape so I can keep up with my Lisa.”

Renee groaned softly.

“Five sets of thirty, huh?” he said.

I nodded. “Yes, sir.”

“I’ll have to try that tomorrow morning in my office.”

Before I could reply, the doorbell rang and Mrs. Strickland said, “Oh, that’s my surprise guest! Be right back.”

She returned with some guy, and Angie shrieked before rushing to him and hugging him.

Renee smiled and waved at him.

Nicky just stood there with her mouth hanging open for a solid minute before saying, “Damon? I just talked to you like an hour ago. I thought you were in South Korea.”

“Well, Nicky, you aren’t the only one who’s been keeping in touch with Damon since he was last home. He told me a couple of weeks ago, right around the time I started planning this party, that he was moving back. I asked him not to tell you, because I thought it would be a nice surprise for you,” Mrs. Strickland gushed.

Nicky stared at the man for another second. “Um, I can’t believe it. You moved back?”

He smiled and nodded, then moved closer to her and pulled her into a hug that she really laid into. “Yeah, I’m here to stay.”

“What-what about Missy Mae?”

“We broke up.”

Travis cleared his throat, and Nicky snatched away from Damon and began introducing the two men—Damon as her BFF, Travis as her fiancé.

“Well, now that everyone is here, let’s go eat!” Renee’s mom said, and we all headed to the dining room.





37





My internal alarm clock woke me up at six the next morning. Lorenzo’s side of the bed was empty, but that wasn’t unusual. I knew he was either downstairs cooking breakfast or in his office writing. I had texted my doctor, who was also a college classmate, during the party to see if she could see me that morning and although her office was usually closed on Saturdays, she said yes. Lorenzo was going with me, thank goodness, because I was nervous just thinking about it.

After I hopped in the shower and threw on a sundress to battle the muggy August weather, I headed downstairs to find both the kitchen and Lorenzo’s office empty. He had left my food in the oven and a note on the refrigerator letting me know he had to run some errands but would be back in time to go to the doctor with me. So I ate and thought about the dinner party, how Lorenzo relaxed after meeting both of my parents, and how Nicky nearly came unglued when Damon showed up. She was preoccupied for the rest of the night, staring into space and not really there with the rest of us. Angie called me later that night to discuss it, and we agreed that Damon moving back home had thrown a major monkey wrench in Nicky’s plans. We both wondered how she was going to handle things and if she would really follow through with marrying a man she didn’t love. They hadn’t even set a date. Neither had me and Lorenzo, at least not an exact date, but we did plan to marry within a year and we shared that with my family at the party. On the other hand, Nicky had been quick to say they hadn’t even discussed it, and I could tell Travis didn’t exactly like hearing her say that.

After breakfast, I decided to leave for a while, since it was just after eight and my appointment wasn’t until ten-thirty. I was surprised to see Rell washing one of Lorenzo’s cars and thought maybe he’d made it back home until I walked over to the garage to see that his Range Rover wasn’t there. I frowned slightly and just stood there. Lorenzo hated to drive. That was one of the reasons he paid Rell to do it. But then again, he also hated leaving home, and he’d done that, too.

Rell, who Lorenzo now swore could talk although I’d yet to hear him utter a word, rushed over to me and I shook my head, told him I’d drive, and decided to take the Maybach to ease Lorenzo’s mind in case he made it back home before I did. I stopped by my mom’s to pick up some of my personal photos I’d left behind in my old bedroom and was grateful her house was empty and that I didn’t walk up on another senior citizen porn scene. My next stop was Mama Higgs’ house. I’d called her while on the way to my mother’s, and she’d said it was okay to drop by.

“Hey, Renee!” she greeted me, pulling me into a hug right in the doorway. “How was the party last night?”

“It was really nice. My folks loved Zo, and he seemed to really have a good time. He even said we should do stuff like that more often,” I said, as I followed her into her living room.

“That’s so good. I’m glad you’re pulling him out of that shell.”

“Me, too. And my mom wanted me to tell you last night was just about her and my dad meeting Lorenzo and my sister’s fiancé. She’s planning another party, and she wants you and Mel to be there.”

As I sat on the sofa and she crossed the room to the bookshelf, she said, “Oh, I love a good party! Tell her I’ll help her plan it. Give her my number, too.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

I watched her dig through some photo albums and then pull the picture of Lorenzo’s father from its frame. Handing me a pile of photos with Clarence Higgs’ picture on top, she said, “Please be careful with my Clarence’s picture. It’s the only one I have of him. That man hated taking pictures.”

“I will. My sister Angie’s going to scan them on her computer and help me make some bigger copies. I can make you one, too.”

“Yes, I would love that! Girl, I can’t believe Zo is letting you make that house look like a home.”

I smiled. “Neither can I, actually.”

“Hey, are you in a hurry? Want some tea or coffee?”

“Coffee would be great.”

“Okay, I’ll be right back.”

Sitting on her super comfortable sofa, I smiled down at the stack of photos in my lap. I already knew what frames I was going to buy from Home Goods and exactly how I was going to arrange them on the wall. Now that I had Lorenzo on board to make some changes around the house, I was going to see about brightening things up a bit, too. Everything he owned was inarguably gorgeous and expensive, but also muted and dark.

I picked up the photo of his father and noticed it was folded. Frowning, I unfolded it and stared at it for a moment. When Mama Higgs returned, I looked up at her, and asked, “Who is this in this picture with Lorenzo’s father?”

“Shit,” she muttered. “I don’t know why I never cut him off that picture. Please don’t let Zo see it. It’ll set off a trigger in him and he’ll be on the warpath to find and kill that man again.”

“Kill him?”

“Yes. I don’t care how many times I’ve tried to tell him I don’t believe Jaywalk had anything to do with Clarence’s death, he won’t believe me. Just because Jaywalk was the last person known to see him alive doesn’t mean he killed him. They were good friends, and—”

“This…this is Jaywalk?”

She nodded. “Yes, it is.”

I got to my feet so quickly that my head spun a little, and I had to catch the arm of the sofa to steady myself. The pile of pictures slid to the floor, but I couldn’t be bothered with that.

“Renee, are you all right?” Mama Higgs asked, as she set the two mugs on the coffee table and squatted next to me to pick the pictures up.

“Yes, but I’ve got to go. I’m sorry. I’ll come back for the pictures.”

I was already out the door before she could respond. Once in the car, I gripped the steering wheel and tried to calm my breathing as I stared down at the photo lying in the passenger seat—a photo of Clarence Higgs and my father.



*****



I tried to call both Lorenzo and my father several times, but neither were answering their phones, which made the dull headache that had suddenly appeared intensify. I had no idea where Lorenzo was other than probably somewhere planning to kill my father. I didn’t like my father all that much, but he was my father and I didn’t want him to die. Plus, my mother loved him, and I wouldn’t want her to lose him. And hell, I definitely didn’t want to lose both him and Lorenzo, and if my father was as ruthless as Lorenzo said he was back in the day, neither of them was safe.

My hand shook as I picked up my phone and started to call Angie, but what was I supposed to say to her? That my man was a homicidal former drug-dealing maniac who already tortured Robert and believed our father killed his father and was somewhere seeking revenge? And then I’d have to tell her that evidently, our father was a damn drug kingpin back in the day. So that was what Mama had threatened to tell on Daddy when she threw him out of the house?

Shit, shit, shit!

I had been driving for thirty minutes with no destination. I didn’t know where my father had been living since my mom kicked him out. He wasn’t at our old house. I knew that for sure, because I drove back by there again. Shit!

Then I remembered him saying something about working today, but at which lot? He owned ten across the state, three here in Romey alone.

I pulled into a grocery store parking lot and decided I’d call the one lot I had a number saved for. Maybe they’d know where he was working today.

They did. He was in Romey, thank goodness, at the very first Strickland Motors location on the west side of town.

My nerves were frayed as I made my way there, and my mind started drifting to some places I didn’t want it to go. Questions plagued me like: had Lorenzo known all along that my father was Jaywalk? Was this a game, me and him? Did he use me to get close to my father? After all, I told him early on who my father was, and surely he’d seen the TV commercials with my father’s smiling face splashed across the screen promising “luxury cars for the everyday man.”

But maybe he hadn’t recognized him. I knew the man in the picture was my father, because I knew my father. But the man in that picture wearing a huge smile and sunglasses didn’t really resemble the man who was now in his sixties. That picture was probably thirty years old, or older, and Lorenzo said that was his only reference to Jaywalk—one picture. I just had no idea that was the picture he was referring to. He’d never met him or seen him in person. His father had done them the courtesy of keeping that part of his life away from home just as my father had. But his mother knew Jaywalk. Did she tell him?

I shook my head as I pulled onto Hickory Street and made my way down the block to Strickland Motors. His mother didn’t want him to kill my father. And if he knew all along who my father was, he would’ve killed him before now, wouldn’t he?

My stomach dropped when I pulled up close to the lot’s building and saw Lorenzo’s Range Rover. On trembling legs, I climbed out, ignoring the eager salesman’s greeting as he bolted out the shiny glass doors to meet me. I didn’t visit my father at work, never had, so the salesman had no idea who I was.

I breezed past him into the building. Walked up to the receptionist, and said, “I’m Renee Strickland, Angelo Strickland’s daughter. Is he in?”

Before she could answer, I heard a voice behind me say, “Doc, what are you doing here?”

I spun around to see my father and Lorenzo standing behind me.

“Uh, what are you doing here?” I asked. Neither looked like they’d been in a fight. No cuts or bruises. They actually looked rather chummy. I thought about the picture I’d left in the car. Was I losing my mind? Was that not my father with Clarence Higgs?

“Baby girl, Lorenzo got here bright and early this morning planning to buy you a car. Now, I told him I couldn’t have that. I mean, I insisted I’d give you one as a wedding gift, but this is one stubborn, determined man you got here.”

I nodded, looked at them both warily, and said, “I know.”

“But he’s a good man and he loves you, and he just paid cash for you a brand-new Jaguar Prestige.”

Lorenzo grinned at me as he held the keys up and jingled them.

I raised an eyebrow. “Are you even gonna let me drive it?”

Lorenzo threw his head back and laughed. “Yeah, Doc. I’ma let you drive it.”

He checked his watch. “Hey, your appointment is in about an hour, right? All this negotiating has me hungry. Let’s grab a snack or something and then head that way.” He offered my father his hand. “Pleasure doing business with you, Mr. Strickland.”

Shaking his hand, Daddy said, “The pleasure was all mine. You take care of my baby girl.”

“Always.”

Once outside, I said, “We have three cars here. Which one are we taking to the doctor?”

“The Jaguar, of course. Me and Rell can come get the other two later. Don’t you wanna try your new car out?”

“Yes. But I didn’t need a car, Zo.”

“Doc, yes you did. And you gotta sell that damn Honda or give it to one of your scholarship folks. That car sticks out like a sore thumb in my driveway.”

“Now, who’s bougie?”





38





Four hours earlier...



I’d seen those Strickland Motors commercials a million times over the years since I moved back to Romey, but I didn’t put two and two together until I saw those pictures at Renee’s mom’s house. The younger photos of him looked just like Jaywalk, and when I saw him in person, face to face, I knew it was him. It was just a feeling I had as we shook hands, and in that moment, I knew he recognized me, too. I saw the flicker of recognition in his eyes.

A calm came over me after that. I ate, laughed and talked with the family, even made plans to play hoops with Ryan and Travis the next weekend. Went home and made love to Renee. Shit, it was like a weight had lifted off of me. All these years, twenty-eight to be exact, I had wanted to kill this man, and now I finally had the chance to do it.

It was still dark when I kissed a sleeping Renee and slid out of bed, covering her feet up because they always somehow managed to get uncovered during the night. Then I showered, dressed, and drove to all three local Strickland Motors locations, finally spotting a car I’d seen in the driveway at Renee’s mom’s house the night before at the one on Hickory Street. When we were leaving the party, Renee told me it was her father’s car.

I parked across the street on the lot of a strip mall and waited to see if there was anyone else hanging around Strickland Motors to intercept me. It was already five-thirty, and seeing his car there let me know he recognized the “five sets of thirty” reference as our meeting time and that I was correct in assuming the reference to him being in his office this morning was giving me our meeting place. But all of this further assured me he knew who I was, so I couldn’t be too cautious. Jaywalk was once a major player in the drug game, and by all accounts, merciless and deadly. I wouldn’t put it past him to have an ambush waiting for me. After all, the lot was closed. There were no workers or customers there to witness anything. I should’ve insisted we meet on neutral ground, but was too surprised to have finally found him to think to do that.

Finally, at six, I made my move, sure there was no one in sight. Holding my gun down at my side, I left my vehicle at the strip mall and strode across the street. Tried the door, found that it was unlocked, stepped inside, and kind of just stood there.

He must’ve heard me come in or maybe there was a camera in the lobby, because he yelled, “Follow the signs that lead to the finance department!”

I followed his directions, cautiously walking down a hallway to the only office with a light on, gun ready, straining my ears and glancing behind me every other second. His office door was open and he was alone, sitting behind the desk.

“I see you found me,” he said, with a smile on his face. “I was beginning to wonder if you were going to make it.”

I stood in the doorway, nodded, and asked, “You carrying?”

“Of course I am. I see you are, too.”

“Of course I am. You know who I am?”

“Clarence Higgs’ boy. You look just like him. You know who I am?”

“The motherfucker who killed Clarence Higgs.”

He straightened up in his chair, and I damn near shot him right then.

“No, I didn’t kill your father. I know that’s always been the assumption because I saw him that night, but it’s untrue. Clarence was like a brother to me.”

“That’s what a lot of people say right before they kill a nigga.”

“But I’m telling the truth.”

“I don’t believe you.”

“Lorenzo, I respected your father, would’ve never hurt him, and cried like a baby when I heard he’d been killed. Hell, his death is what got me to leave that life behind and concentrate on my car lots, because if someone as good as Clarence could be killed, I knew I didn’t stand a chance.”

I stared at him.

“He was a good man, and I know for a fact he loved you and tried to raise you right, so I find it hard to accept that you’d use my daughter to get to me. You know that’s against every code. It took everything in me not to kill you last night right in front of everybody. Your issue is with me, no matter how deluded it is. You had no business bringing my daughter into it!”

“What? I didn’t even know you were Jaywalk until last night. I’m not using her!”

He leaned forward. “You think I’m that damn dumb?”

“You gotta be stupider than a motherfucker if you think I’d mess over her to get to you.”

“You love her?”

“Hell, yeah! She’s my life! I’ll fuck anyone up who even thinks about laying a hand on her!”

“You love her, but you’re here to kill me? Her father?”

“Some shit just gotta be done. Justice is way past due.”

He sighed. “Then go ahead.”

“What?”

“Do it. Shoot me. Then what? Marry my daughter, help her mourn me? Go to my funeral?”

I shrugged. “I don’t think she’ll take it that hard. She really doesn’t like you all that much since you dogged her mom out.”

This familiar look passed over his face, one I’d worn more than once when thinking about my kids—regret. “Yeah, I haven’t been the best father to either of my girls, or the best husband, but I love my family, and if you love Renee, you won’t be able to live with yourself after you do this. We may not be close, but I’m still her daddy.”

“You got your gun on me under your desk? You saying all this sentimental shit to throw me off?”

He shook his head, reached into a drawer—which made me raise my gun—and laid a gun on his desk. “Here it is. This is the only one. You can come search me or my desk. Hell, you can search the whole damn office. I’m not shooting my friend’s son. I’m not shooting the man my daughter loves.”

I kept my gun on him.

“I didn’t kill Clarence.”

“If you cared so much about him, why didn’t you help my mother after he died?”

“I paid for his funeral, bought groceries, offered Betty Jean some money, but she wouldn’t take it. Said I’d done enough. Ask her.”

I shook my head.

“I didn’t kill your father, Lorenzo, but I do know who did.”

My eyes narrowed, but I didn’t lower the gun. “Who?”

“Someone who didn’t live to see another day after I found out what he did. I killed him. Everybody knew your father was working for me, making a lot of money. This fool robbed him, shot him, left him in the street like he was nothing. And I killed him, so you wouldn’t have to, because I knew you’d want to.”

I blinked hard and shook my head again.

“Now you can kill me, or you can sit down and we can talk. I’ll give you the man’s name and you can Google him, see if I’m telling the truth. He was a known thief. There was something in the paper about them finding his body. I know you think I’m lying, but I’m telling the truth. If I’m the man you think I am, I would’ve shot you before you got in the door good.”

I lowered the gun. “Shit.”

“You believe me?”

“Honestly, no. But I love your daughter and…and I can’t do this to her. I know her heart, and I know she loves your sorry ass. Fuck!” I grabbed my head. “Go ahead and shoot me. I know that’s what all that bullshit you were talking was leading up to. You were tryna mess with my head and confuse me. So do it. Shoot me, because I can’t shoot you.”

“Hell, I can’t shoot you for the same reason you can’t shoot me. Contrary to popular belief, I love my daughter and I’ve never seen her as happy as she was with you last night. I can’t take you from her. And you’re Clarence’s son. I couldn’t and wouldn’t do that to him, either.”

I looked up at him. “You gonna tell Renee about this? About me coming here to kill you?”

“You gonna tell Renee I used to be Jaywalk?”

Neither of us answered the other.

“You really didn’t know who I was when you met her?” he asked.

“I didn’t.”

He chuckled and shook his head. “Life is something else. Clarence’s son and my Renee. Well, if you’re anything like your daddy, you’ll be good to her.”

“I’d give my life for her.”

He patted his protruding belly. “Well, I haven’t had breakfast. Wanna join me? I know this great little café a couple of blocks over. We can get to know each other since we’re gonna be family.”

I nodded. “Yeah. My car’s across the street. I’ll follow you.”

He smiled. “Still don’t trust me, huh? Don’t wanna ride with your future father-in-law?”

“Baby steps.”

He laughed. “You know what? I like you, even though you just tried to kill me. You’re a real man, unlike that midget Renee was married to before.”

“I guess it’s a good thing I terrorized his ass, then.”

He lifted his eyebrows. “You did?”

“Yep, and I loved every minute of it.”

“Yeah, I like you, Lorenzo.” He extended his hand to me. “Welcome to the family, son.”

I grasped his hand, and said, “Thanks.”





39





Now…



Once in the car, I sat quietly in the passenger’s seat while Lorenzo drove. Every time I glanced at him, he’d be wearing this expression on his face like he was deep in thought. I wanted to say something, but didn’t exactly know how to go about accusing him of trying to kill my father without it sounding like I was accusing him of trying to kill my father. But I couldn’t just let it go.

“Zo, I know you know—”

“It’s over.”

“It is?”

He nodded.

“So…you’re not going to—”

“No.”

“And he knows—”

“We reached an agreement over breakfast. A truce.”

“Zo, did you know who he was when we met?”

He pulled into the parking lot of a convenience store, turned the car off, and looked me in the eye. “No, Doc. I didn’t know until I saw those pictures at your mom’s last night. I promise you that. Please believe me, baby. I wouldn’t lie to you about something like that.”

“Zo…”

He leaned in and kissed me. “I love you. He loves you. And because of that, it’s over. It’s over.”

I nodded.



*****



I could feel Lorenzo darting his eyes from the road to me and back. We’d just left the doctor’s office, and I was fighting back tears.

“You okay?” he asked.

I shook my head. “No.”

“How do you feel?”

“Scared. Confused. You?”

I turned to see the uncertainty on his face as he said, “Same. But we’re going to make sure, right? That’s where we’re headed now. To get more tests done, right?”

I nodded. “Yeah.”

He grasped my hand and squeezed it. “All right. We’ll find out for sure and go from there. I’m with you every step of the way, Doc. No matter what, I got your back, baby. Okay?”

“Okay.”



*****



“Are you sure?” I asked.

The pretty woman in scrubs nodded and handed me the lab papers. “Yes. Positive.”

“I really thought Dr. Hall was wrong, out of her mind.”

“No, your doctor was right, and so were her tests.”

I looked from her to Zo and back. “But how?”

She gave me an amused look. “I would think you, of all people, would know.”

“I mean…Cass, I tried for years with Robert. We didn’t even use any form of birth control for the last eight years of our marriage. I have a hormonal imbalance. My periods are so short, I didn’t even realize I’d missed one. And I’m old as hell. I mean, how?”

She shrugged. “I guess that imbalance is gone.”

“My blood pressure—”

“Is fine,” she interrupted. “But we’ll keep a close watch on it.”

“I’ve been off the meds for a couple of months, so that’s good.”

“It is,” she agreed.

“I can’t believe I was having headaches because I’m pregnant. It sounded so crazy to me when Dr. Hall said she thought that was what it was. I mean, I know some women tend to get headaches early in their pregnancies because of the surge in hormones, but it just never occurred to me that was what was going on with me.”

“And don’t forget part of your problem is you’re dehydrated. You’ve got to do better with drinking water, Renee.”

“Don’t worry. I’m buying a case of water on the way home,” Lorenzo said.

I sat there for a moment with so many thoughts occupying my mind. “Cass, I’m almost thirty-seven. Am I too old? Wait, I have patients who’ve delivered at older ages than that. Hell, Janet Jackson was fifty when she had her baby. Oh! I drank some wine a couple of weeks ago. Just one glass. Do you think it’ll hurt the baby?” I rambled.

“Renee, come on. You do this for a living. You know that one glass of wine is not going to hurt the baby.”

“Baby…” I said, turning to Lorenzo, who sat right next to me in Cass’ office. “Zo, we’re going to have a baby.”

He nodded and smiled. “I know, Doc.”

“How do you feel about it now that we know for sure?”

“I didn’t wanna get my hopes up at first, but now? I feel like I have a second chance to get this right. I feel like the luckiest man in the world. And baby, I didn’t think it was possible, but I love you more now that I know you’re carrying my child.”

As he pulled me into a hug, I leaned into him and whispered, “I love you, too.”

“You know what else?”

“What?”

“I’m glad I got you another car. My child is not riding around in a damn Honda.”

I rolled my eyes.

On the ride home, while Lorenzo went on and on about us getting married right away and me cutting back at work—neither of which I planned to protest—I thought about the fact that I was six weeks pregnant. Me. I already knew miracles could happen, I just didn’t know they could happen to me.

Six or seven months earlier, I’d snuck Lorenzo into Genesis to do STD testing on both of us, because we were having so much sex, I thought I was developing a latex allergy (It bothered me so bad I even started using vinyl gloves at work, just in case) and wanted to make sure we were both disease-free before we stopped using condoms. And after that, we went all willy-nilly with our sex because I didn’t think birth control was necessary. Now I was pregnant, and if this baby wasn’t a miracle, I didn’t know what was.

I let my tears flow as we pulled up to the gate of our house, the house our little boy or girl would grow up in. I thought about my past, my pain, and the love Lorenzo gave me that cancelled all of that hurt out. My worst day with Lorenzo was better than my best day with Robert.

“Baby, why are you crying?” he asked, as he pulled to a stop in front of the house.

“Because I’m happy, Zo. I’m so, so happy.”

As he leaned over and brushed my lips with his, he said, “So am I, Doc. So am I.”





40





Seven and a half months later…



“Ohhhhhh! Zo! Why?! Why’d you do this to meeeeee!” I screamed, as another contraction hit. “Where the hell is Cass at?! Did you even call her? She needs to come get this baby out NOW!”

Zo leaned in close to my ear. “She’s on her way, baby. Just breathe. Breathe like we practiced. Inhale—”

“Zo! I can’t breathe, shit! I’m gonna die! There’s no way I can survive this! I owe every patient I ever told to breathe through this an apology. Ohhhhhhhh!”

“Sweetie, it’s going to be okay. It’ll all be over soon. Cassandra will be here shortly. And it’s not like you can’t deliver the baby yourself,” my mother said soothingly.

I loved and respected my mother, so I didn’t respond to her at all, because whatever I said was definitely going to hurt her feelings.

My life had come full circle, so to speak. There I was, sitting in the same tub where I had delivered little Loren, with an anxious Zo by my side. My mom and Zo’s mom were in the bathroom with us. So were my sisters. Since the bathroom was so ridiculously huge like everything else in that house, it wasn’t crowded.

Daddy and Ryan and Mel were downstairs, awaiting the arrival of the first Strickland grandchild.

I turned to my sisters, who both wore horrified looks on their faces as they huddled way across the bathroom from me. “Angie, don’t let Ryan do this to you. Don’t do it. It hurts. It hurts like hell. You’re gonna die. You won’t survive this shit. You won’t. Nicky, just stay engaged. Don’t even get married because the next thing you know, you’ll gain forty damn pounds and be in a tub fighting for your life like I am. Although I was pregnant when I got married, but whatever. And—ohhhhhhhh, shit! I need some medicine! Zo! Why the hell didn’t you talk me out of this home birth mess? I thought you loved meeeeee!” I wailed, grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, and between labored breaths, hissed, “I hate you for doing this to me.”

He pressed his mouth to my ear, and whispered, “You know you wanted this D.”

I would’ve laughed or hit him had I not been on the brink of death. Thankfully, at that moment, Cassandra finally showed up. “About time!” I shouted. “You got a damn epidural in that bag?”

She smiled, turning to Zo. “Pain’s pretty bad, huh?”

“Yeah, she’s cursed everyone out, but I seem to be her main target,” Zo said, trying to shake his hand free of mine.

“Where do you think you’re going?” I snapped.

“I’m just tryna give Cassandra some room, baby.”

“She can work around your big ass. Don’t fucking move!”

“Damn, okay. Shit…” he mumbled.

“Got me in this tub about to decease. I should’ve thought through this better. This baby is probably gargantuan just like you, and that’s why—oh, shit! Here comes another one! Cassandra! What the hell are you doing?!”

She held up a stethoscope and blood pressure cuff. “About to check your blood pressure. Has the water helped with the pain at all?”

“Hell, no! That’s another damn lie we need to stop telling people.”

“Well, it might be because you’re so worked up. Try to relax,” Cassandra suggested.

I sat up straight and stared at her. “Cass, I just almost slapped the shit out of you. How in the holy hell can I relax when my damn pelvic bone is opening as we speak? A bone. Opening. Oh, and let’s not forget I’m about to have to push a whole human out of my body. You see the size of my husband? That’s whose seed is inside of me!”

“Okay, okay, sorry.”

Somehow, my blood pressure was normal. A few seconds later, she snapped on a pair of gloves, and said, “Open your legs so I can check you.”

I squeezed Lorenzo’s hand tighter as I reclined a little in the tub and opened my legs.

A second later, she said, “You’re at eight centimeters right now.”

I shook my head. “Ain’t no way in hell, Cass. I’ve got to be at ten. Shit, Zo, take me to the hospital. I can’t do this without drugs. Mama! I want my mommyyyy.” That’s when I started full-on crying. So did Nicky’s perpetually-engaged-with-no-wedding-date-in-sight butt. Mama rubbed my shoulder and said something in an attempt to comfort me, but it didn’t work.

Angie whimpered, “I’m so scared.”

“Hell, you should be!” I shouted. “Don’t you let Ryan put no light-skinned babies in you. It’s gonna hurt like a motherfucker when it’s time for it to come out!”

An hour later, after I had uttered more profanities than I had in my entire life and then apologized to my mother and mother-in-law for it, falsely vowed to never have sex with Lorenzo again, begged Cassandra to get a kitchen knife and cut the baby out, asked my mother and Lorenzo’s mother why they would endure this torture more than once, and cried more tears than I knew I could produce, our nine-pound son was born.

Hours later, after Lorenzo had cut his cord like a pro and I had triumphantly breastfed him, his daddy sat on the side of our bed cradling him in his arms with tears in his eyes.

“So, what do you think, Daddy?” I asked.

He looked up at me and smiled. “I think he’s perfect. Thank you, Doc. Thank you so much. I know it wasn’t easy for you.”

I returned his smile as I gazed at the little boy with a head full of thick, black hair. “It wasn’t, but the crazy thing is, I’d do it again in a heartbeat.”

He gave me a serious expression. “Hell, no. This is it. You damn near drove me crazy with the mood swings while you were pregnant. You actually cried because I wouldn’t put salt on a piece of cake for you. Do you remember that?”

“Vaguely.”

“And then you threatened to withhold my pussy from me today.”

“You do have to wait six weeks though, you know?”

“That’s another thing. Nope. Little man is it. We’ll find him some playmates or something, and he can always play with Loren.”

“So in six weeks, if I offer you some birth control-less coochie, you’re gonna turn it down?”

“Hell, no!”

We both laughed.

I watched Lorenzo kiss our baby’s forehead, and said, “I love you, Zo, and you too, Little Zo.”

Lorenzo scooted closer to me and kissed me. “We love you, too, Doc.”





Sneak peek from Be with Me (Nicky’s story), coming soon:



1



Nicole

I took a deep breath, unlocked the door, then stepped inside to find him sitting on the sofa, laptop balanced on his thighs. He glanced up at me and smiled, muttered, “Hey, how was work?”

“Tiring. Had a long day. Sooo glad it’s Friday,” I said, as I plopped down beside him. “How was yours?”

“Tiring, had a long day. Still working,” he mumbled, his eyes glued to his laptop.

“Hmm…” I hopped up and headed to the kitchen, found one of my wine coolers near the back of the fridge, dug in a kitchen drawer for a bottle opener, and was guzzling it down when I felt his big hands on my hips and his lips on my neck. I grinned and then brought the bottle back to my lips, finishing the cooler as he moved his hands to my breasts and squeezed them through my blouse.

“I need to throw this away, baby,” I murmured, as he slid his mouth from the side of my neck to the back of it.

He responded by moving one of his hands from my breast and taking the bottle from me, making use of his long arms to pitch it in the trash can. Then he wrapped his arms around my waist and led me to a counter. I leaned over it as he pulled my pencil skirt up around my waist. He pushed my blouse up my back and over my head, dragging his tongue from just above my ass to my neck before moving my panties to the side and gliding inside of me.

I released a low moan as I clawed at the countertop, glanced over my shoulder at him as he slid out of my wetness and back inside with his eyes closed.

“Ooooo, baby!” I whined, as he delivered slow, languorous thrusts, rubbing one hand up and down my back, while gripping my hip at the same time.

“Shit…” he replied.

I closed my eyes, leaning forward and pushing my ass out at him, knowing that would make him deliver harder, deeper thrusts. Soon, he was driving into me so hard that the kitchen was filled with the sounds of our moans, our labored breathing, and the glorious squishy sound of his shaft sliding in and out of my wetness. Faster and faster he thrusted, causing throngs of pressure to gather inside of me, making me drag my nails over the countertop as an incendiary orgasm ignited deep within my core. My knees buckled, and he slid out of me, turned me around, and lifted me from the floor, wrapping my legs around him and swiftly entering me again. His mouth found mine, and our tongues tangled as we kissed each other greedily. Gripping my ass, he pushed my pelvis into his, thrusting so deeply that I yelped into his mouth. It hurt in the most delicious way, and I was soon on the edge of another orgasm. I gripped his shoulders tightly as he circled the flesh of my neck with his tongue, and moments later, we were both roaring as we climaxed together.



*****



We were in bed now, having enjoyed another round of sex and both fallen asleep. I was lying on my back while he slept with his head on my chest and his hand between my legs, his fingers inside of me. I didn’t want to move, but I had to pee and I needed to shower because I smelled like sweat and his cologne, both scents that, along with the awareness of his fingers inside of me, made me want more of him. Nevertheless, I eased from under him and tip-toed to the bathroom. I’d barely stepped into the shower when he joined me.

He backed me up against the shower wall, and said, “Why didn’t you tell me you wanted to clean up? I would’ve done it for you.”

I smiled as he dropped to his knees, lifted my leg, and covered my yoni with his mouth, licking and sucking until my legs quivered, then once again, he lifted me, this time using the wall as leverage as he thrusted inside me.

Finally, an hour later, I slipped out of Damon’s apartment, locking the door behind myself. It was time to go home to Travis.





A southern girl at heart, Alexandria House has an affinity for a good banana pudding, Neo Soul music, and tall black men in suits. When this fashionista is not shopping, she’s writing steamy stories about real black love.

Connect with Alexandria!

Email: msalexhouse@gmail.com

Website: http://www.msalexhouse.com/

Newsletter: http://eepurl.com/cOUVg5

Blog: http://msalexhouse.blogspot.com/

Facebook: Alexandria House

Instagram: @msalexhouse

Twitter: @mzalexhouse





Also by Alexandria House:



The Strickland Sisters Series:

Stay with Me



The Love After Series:

Higher Love

Made to Love

Real Love





