When you follow your heart, never count the cost.

Migrations of the Heart, Book 3

Trusting in the One who orders her steps, Nettie Bledsoe is determined not to deviate from her route to the charity kitchen. Don’t stop for anything, her sisters say. Pittsburgh isn’t like Georgia, they warn.

Yet when low moans of unholy suffering drift from an alley, she can’t help but investigate. It’s a man. The most beautiful man she’s ever seen. Despite his scandalous reputation, something within her responds to his sinfully rich voice.

Jay Evans is trying hard to stay on the straight and narrow, and doesn’t want help from any church do-gooder. But until his wound heals, he needs help caring for his young daughter, Goldie. Especially since Nettie saw fit to fire Goldie’s barely competent nanny.

Despite their mismatched backgrounds, Nettie and Jay fight a losing battle against their growing attraction. But it’s only when Nettie is kidnapped that Jay realizes that if he doesn’t get her back safe and sound, his heart will shatter into uncountable pieces.

Warning: Contains a single father with a photographic memory for numbers, and a country girl out of her element in the city. It all adds up to a heart-winning tale.





A Treasure of Gold


Piper Huguley





Dedication


To Shawn Walthour and Lisa A. Young-Walthour (December 21, 1966-June 18, 2015): In honor of one of the greatest couples that I have ever known.

To Anna K. Comer: Thank you for showing me that a life of the mind, with God firmly in the center, was possible. I love you (April 19, 1918-June 27, 2015).





Acknowledgments


Thank you to Sandra Belle Calhoune and Vanessa Riley. Your continuous support and friendship have been so helpful and inspirational to me.





Chapter One


Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania—March 1923

Nettie Bledsoe stopped in her tracks, her heart nearly shredded at the moan of a most unholy suffering.

The long, low sound had to be an animal, a dog—something not human. Her sister and brother-in-law, whom she lived with, had no animals, but that didn’t mean that help wasn’t needed for the poor thing. After all, she had been on her way to the charity kitchen at Freedom Christian Church, where she was in charge of feeding and assisting newly arrived people to Pittsburgh, like her. She could surely help others. Even an animal.

“Don’t stop for anything.”

The words of advice echoed through her mind. Having just arrived in Pittsburgh herself, she knew it was probably best to get going so she could help with the work that needed to be done this early Sunday morning. Her sister and brother-in-law were allowing her for the first time to walk to the church alone. She knew the way after two weeks. They hadn’t let her go alone, until now.

So, glorifying in the Lord’s good will, she had taken up a basket of goods from her sister’s kitchen, and went to do some good work, but that sound, that terrible sound, gave her great pause.

“Don’t stop for anything.”

Her country training was so strong in her. Everyone helped each other in Winslow, Georgia. Why should it be different here?

The moan again made her cringe. Some suffering creature was making that horrible noise and needed help.

She turned. Was anyone watching?

“This is not Georgia,” her sisters had told her. That was certainly true.

An ice truck passed by, a horse drawing it onward. Her sister had explained to Nettie that the white ice-truck drivers did not like to drive their trucks through the Negro part of Pittsburgh, so they still used horses. The thought of someone rejecting her because of color always made her sad, but the sound of the horse’s hooves clip-clopping on the cobblestones alarmed her.

Would the driver be able to help? No. By the time she thought to ask for help, the horse had passed her by.

Inching down the alleyway, she went slowly to allow her eyes to adjust to the early March darkness. Prayer certainly wouldn’t hurt at this time. It always helped.

God, please stay by my side. Please also help whatever this is in the alleyway to find strength in you as a refuge. According to thy will. Amen.

The “amen” echoed in her brain with each step she took. Still, she knew who accompanied her steps and ordered them. The uncertainty was in whoever or whatever this was in the alley. Something that might not be glad to see her. Nettie held the basket in front of her and peering through the darkness, she could see it was a man. The most beautiful man she had ever seen.

He was wearing an immaculate white tuxedo jacket cut perfectly to fit his very large frame.

But against the white, a large blossom of red marred the perfection of his person which was slumped against the wall of the row house that made one side of the alley. He moaned again.

Ignoring the offal on the ground, she bent to see the man more closely with her eyes fully adjusted to the light. He was the color of a strong oak tree and built like one. His silky black hair waved on his head. His nose was broad and large, but not overly so. His lips, however, were full and juicy, shaped and defined so well. What would it be like to be kissed by them?

Where did that idea come from?

She popped up, but knelt down again. The red blossom on the man’s shoulder was growing, which was not good for him.

“Are you all right?” What a foolish question. What else did someone say to an injured man?

She was not the nurse, her sister Ruby was, and the sight of blood always made her faint. She didn’t feel that way now, though, only curious at what had happened to this strange man in the alleyway.

“I-I got shot.”

It took a great deal of effort for the man to speak and she did not want him to expend any further effort, bless him. Still, there was a strange lilt in his voice, and it sounded like music, even as he was suffering.

“Can you stand? My brother-in-law is a doctor and he lives nearby. He can help you.” Was this the right thing to do? Or maybe she should go get Adam and bring him here to the man.

The man’s eyes, which had been closed before, opened and stared at her in the darkness. His eyes were hazel. What a startling sight to see those lighter eyes set deep in a face that was such a deep brown.

Leaning down, she took his arm on the uninjured side and looped it about her neck. His arm was solid muscle and nearly weighed her down, but praying for strength, she helped the man up on his feet, putting herself under his white coat. She would be his crutch.

Blood oozed from the wound, but he felt very warm. She could barely get an arm around his broad body, which, she could tell, was strong. “It isn’t that far, come on now.”

The man moaned some more and sweat popped appeared on his forehead, but he used strength to stand up. He was very, very tall.

Little by little, they made progress down the alleyway. Good. Then they turned right to go the few houses to get to her brother-in-law.

As they went, the man tried to talk through his beautiful lips. “Goldie, Goldie.”

His voice-a rich, deep bass—although pained, struck her deep in her middle as nothing else ever had. Even in the midst of travails, the sound managed to thrill her, but she could feel the man failing and Nettie didn’t want him falling on her in the middle of the sidewalk.

Please, God, give me strength.

“Shh. Save your energy. They only live two more doors away. Help is there.”

Another moan came from him, louder this time. There was desperation in it. “Baby girl.”

“Is she injured too?” She could barely turn to see if there was a baby in the alley.

“No.” The man bit his lips. “She’s got to know.”

“We’ll see about her after we take care of you. You’ll do her no good dead. Come on now, just a bit farther.”

The huge effort she had to expend seemed reminiscent of Moses parting the Red Sea, but soon they stood in front of her sister’s door. She couldn’t get to the key in her little reticule, so she knocked, knowing it would wake up the family she had just tried to slip out to avoid, but a man’s life was at stake.

It seemed as if it took forever, but soon there were footsteps within and she placed a hand on the man’s middle to get him stabilized a bit. The muscles under her fingers danced like waves and she could not help but marvel at him.

Adam opened the door and the surprise on his face was total. “Nettie, what are you doing out there?” His tone changed instantly after seeing her companion. “What have you done?”

“I was going to the church to help them serve breakfast in the charity kitchen and this man was in the alley.”

“Our alley?”

“Yes.” What did these things matter when another human was hurt? She was stunned. Here was her doctor brother-in-law and he was not springing into action to help this man, and only asked questions. “We’ve got to help him.”

Adam peered beyond them, looking around. He pulled them into the house, shutting the door behind him. “I’m not in the habit of helping shot-up men who have been dumped in alleyways.”

“Adam, this man is a human being. He deserves medical attention from you like anyone else.”

“Not if helping him jeopardizes my family. Leave it to you, Nettie, to pick up the most notorious policy man in the city.”

Nettie’s mind reeled at this revelation, but Adam’s most un-Christian attitude hurt her. “What’s that?”

“Honestly…” Adam took her place under the man’s arm and started getting him to his office, “…you can be so country.”

Adam’s comment stung just a bit as she followed, seeing if she could help. “What do you mean? I am from the country. As are you.”

The man’s hazel eyes lit up like fire coals. “You don’t have to help me, Doctor. I’m fine, but my little girl—”

“Hush up, Jay. You’ll have to owe me one.”

“Sorry, I can’t pay up just now.”

“What’s a policy man?” She followed them then opened the door to the room that served as Adam’s examination room in the back of the house.

“The numbers game. He collects on the numbers around here. He’s a gangster, taking nickels and pennies from poor people, so they can’t do things like pay me for treatment, but spend it instead on fine custom-cut tuxedoes.” Adam put the man on the edge of his examination table. Then he turned, preparing strips of cloth. He handed Nettie a sharp pair of scissors. “Help him cut off his fine clothes.”

“This is no time to judge another,” she reprimanded her brother-in-law. She set about cutting the white cloth that was stained red with the man’s blood. Yes, the suit was finely made. She guessed Adam, with his inherited income from his father in Winslow, would be able to afford a suit like this if he wanted one, but he didn’t have any. So she had never seen a man, a Negro man, who was able to afford such apparel. Still, a bad feeling, like some of her nephew’s marbles, rolled around in the pit of her stomach. Adam’s comments gave her the sinking feeling that this man was not a church-goer.

“You’ll have to help me. Heaven help us if your sister wakes up too early.” Adam gave a furtive glance upstairs to where their bedroom was.

She understood. Let Ruby sleep on.

“You don’t have to tell me. I lived with her for eighteen years, far longer than you.”

“Still, it’s worse since the children.”

Nearly finished freeing the man from his beautiful suit clothes, she startled to see the injured man curling those lips of his into a half smile. “What is it?”

“Him.” The man used his good arm to point to Adam. “The good doctor over here is whipped.”

“I’m a family man, which is much more than can be said for you.”

“Adam!” She eased off the other man’s shirt and knew she had guessed right about what was under there. She bit her lips to stop her breath from seeming to shock, either at the savage way the bullet had ripped apart his black-walnut skin or at the sight of his rippled muscles. “He has a baby girl.”

The man’s hazel eyes, which had lost a little spark, lighted on Nettie. “She know.”

“She knows nothing. She is newly arrived to this city and doesn’t understand people like you, and so I’ll thank you to treat her with respect while I repair you.”

“He’ll live,” Adam tossed over to her, but he seemed to take savage pleasure in applying some pungent-smelling liquid that clearly stung the man. He gave a loud yelp.

She quickly covered his mouth with her hand. She and Adam both looked up at the ceiling, waiting, dreading any sounds of footsteps.

Nothing.

Breathing a small sigh of relief, she realized that her hand was still pressed against those lips of his. An electric charge went up her arm and she pulled her hand away.

The man slumped a little, clearly spent by his yelp, and Adam edged him down. “Be still or I’ll put you under. Don’t tell me you’ve never been shot before, doing what you do.”

“Somebody get Goldie.”

She looked down at the man and peered into his handsome face. “Who is Goldie?”

“My daughter. She’ll worry.”

“If you stayed on the right side of the law, then your child wouldn’t have to worry about you.” Adam’s hands were getting bloody as he worked, and Nettie swallowed. Hard.

The man’s hazel eyes turned to fire as they fixed on Adam. “Why you think I got shot?”

Adam shrugged his shoulders. “Who knows?”

“Adam, why are you acting so! Aren’t you ashamed?”

The fiery hazel eyes now turned on them both. “I’m going straight. For Goldie.”

Adam applied a cloth over his face and the man lost consciousness.

“Adam!”

He shrugged his shoulders as he continued to work. “I don’t want us to hear anything more from him. His talk could make us culpable in his crimes. Pass me those bandages over there.”

“He just said he’s trying to reform.”

“Someone would say that if they had just been shot. I’m a doctor. I hear a lot of things, but I won’t hear anything that might jeopardize my family. You included. You’re under my protection now.”

The handsome face, free from pain, stilled. The beautiful mouth said nothing.

“He was talking about his daughter.”

“Once again, now he cares.” Adam gestured to the wound that seemed small and tiny, but had caused so much trouble.

“Someone has to tell her about her father.”

“What about the charity kitchen?” Adam twisted his lips, took up some sharp tool and probed the man’s wound. As he did, fresh red blood came from the wound. “Come over here and hold this down.”

She did as he told her. Please don’t let me faint. Strange that someone who’d had to deal with doctors as much as she had during her young life would be so averse to blood. But maybe not.

What about his child? “Someone has to tell his little girl.”

“Every Negro around here knows about Jay Evans. He hasn’t paid that little girl an ounce of attention since his wife died about two years ago. She was one of the first ones to take to Ruby. His wife was dying of a wasting disease when we came here four years ago. Even then, it was too late to help her. He’s taken on more of an empire ever since she died, and he’s gotten richer and richer taking money from the poor.”

She pressed harder on the man’s torn, firm flesh.

He lurched up.

Poor man. Even in his unconscious state, Jay Evans felt pain. Her heart twisted. She had to do something.

“Does he live around here? I can go to his little daughter to let her know about her father.”

Adam held a cloth to the wound, pressing down harder than she had, so she stepped back to go to the sink and wash her hands.

“I don’t want you to get involved. You already saw fit to sneak out of the house, unchaperoned. What were you thinking? You don’t know anything about this place.”

“You forget, Adam, that I have seen things in my travels on the revival circuit.”

“Maybe, but I’m responsible for you here, Nettie. Please help me to clean up here and wait for us to get ready for church so we can all go together.”

“What about him?”

“He’ll wake up soon and go home.”

“He is not strong enough. He needs to be nursed.”

“He cannot stay here. It’s too dangerous.”

They heard a footfall and both of them looked up at the ceiling.

Oh no.

“Stay here with him. I’ll be back.”

Adam left and Nettie looked down at Jay Evans, seeing that his wound was already improving, but he was still knocked out from the loss of blood. This is the man the Lord hath made. Let us rejoice and be glad in it. Not entirely an ethical way to alter a Scripture, but in this case, it certainly did apply. Jay Evans was very well made. Still, she shouldn’t be noticing now.

“Goldie.” The precious name slipped from between those lips of his. The poor man was worried about his daughter, even in his unconscious mind. Right then, she resolved to get to this man’s child, even if it meant defying her brother-in-law again. Nettie patted his hand and, as she touched him, a strange feeling traveled up her arm. Again.

Who was this man who could do such things to her?

Clara was going to die and he was helpless to do anything about it.

All the money Jay had as the richest Negro in this part of Pittsburgh, the Hill District—earned just because he had a quick mind and knew how to memorize numbers, not play them—did nothing for her. His Clara was dying. They had known one another since childhood, but all of his money, power and connections could not do much to help her.

First, he got the local doctor to come. Adam Morson came and stood over her with a grave look on his face. That high-toned, high-yellow Negro knew nothing. Jay would find a white doctor. A better one.

He went to offices all over Pittsburgh and finally found one who was swayed by his large roll of cash, and the white doctor came to his house, the biggest one in the Hill District on the highest peak.

Still, when the doctor came, he said exactly what Adam Morson had. Then, to punctuate it, he added, “You shouldn’t have waited so long to come and get me. I might have been able to help if you had come sooner.”

All of which made him want to kick the doctor in his hindquarters as he left his large house. Why in the world did this doctor want to make him feel as if he didn’t care about his wife? It was the dark color of his skin, he knew, and it infuriated him that the white doctor just repeated what the Negro doctor had already told him.

“Seek Jesus.” Clara’s voice filled with longing.

“I’m tired of churches and God. I don’t want to.” He knew he sounded just like his little Goldie whenever she did not get her way, but he could not help it. The gray of death hovered in Clara’s oval fingernails and in the tips of her petite toes, and he hated it.

“I want to go to the water,” Clara insisted.

“One of the rivers?” He puzzled. Pittsburgh had three of them. If Clara wanted to go to one, he would take her himself, even if he had to carry her.

“Revival time at Freedom Christian. Baptize.”

He bristled. He did not want to be involved with those snob Negroes at that church. Clara went back and forth from there, insisting that she was comforted when she went, but Jay knew they looked down at him.

Clara gripped at him with her gray fingertips filled with death. “Now.”

So, that night, he loaded up his car with blankets and pillows and carried Clara’s wafer-thin body down to it. He directed his driver to drive his car slowly to the church full of snobs.

Jay himself carried Clara toward the shouting and praising. It was revival time, and whenever it was, Negroes could be trusted to get loud and glad. That was when these elites could really let loose in true worship, and they did.

However, when he came in the back door and down the aisleway with Clara in his arms, they stopped their hooting and hollering and got real quiet. It was the presence of pure sin in their midst. Yeah, he was good enough to play numbers with, but not to step foot in their precious, red-velvet-covered church.

He’d show them a thing or two.

He went right up to the front and put Clara into a pew. It pained him to see her reach out toward the cross with her scrawny hand. When he sat down next to his wife, he saw some strangers present for the revival. A big, fat man who was black, a skinnier woman who looked as if she was part Indian and Red Bone and a beautiful young woman with warm-toned, medium-brown skin, dressed in a long white robe, who turned to him and smiled.

Balling his fists, he knew it wasn’t right to be in church next to his wife and feel emotionally stirred by this young woman with the swanlike neck and luminous black eyes that were mesmerizing.

The two women came to Clara, and the older one laid a hand on her forehead. “God, help our sister in her time of need.”

The younger woman kneeled down next to Clara and grasped her hand. She bowed her head and moving her lips, prayed as intensely as Jay had ever seen anyone pray. She lifted her head and started a song, something about help in times of travail, but never let go of Clara’s hand.

The young woman’s voice hypnotized him and people quieted while they listened. The sound of her voice was so enthralling he almost didn’t notice Clara had stood next to the young woman and was taking halting steps. The tears coursed down his wife’s brown face, and the young woman put her arm around Clara and assisted her to the altar. They knelt at the altar for a while and prayed and then, in a very tender and caring way, the younger woman guided Clara back to her seat. The transfixing moment ended.

The older woman started a louder song and began to shake a tambourine. The church responded, clapping. Even Clara showed more health and spirit than she had in weeks. She clapped along and sang.

Jay fixed his gaze, which he knew to be intense, on the young woman who had withdrawn from them and gone back to a chair to sit down. She seemed spent and he wanted to thank her somehow, and acknowledge what she had done to make Clara want to clap and sing.

Clara died that same night just hours after they got home.

Jay opened his eyes.

His intense gaze met the eyes of the young woman who had “healed” Clara two years ago. She hovered over him, beautiful and luminous as she was before, and she now stood there, whispering, and her lips moved in the same way as they had two years ago. A hot feeling charged up inside of his body and swallowed him whole, the pain at the bullet hole gone.

Grasping the delicate wrist hovering over him, he trembled at the charge going up his arm when he touched her. His insides quaked all of a sudden—Jabez Evans, numbers kingpin, who wasn’t afraid of anything.

He was now.

This woman was the angel of death, if anything.

“You,” he choked out, squeezing her wrist as hard as he could to stop the charge. Thinking of Goldie, he flung her from him with all the strength he could muster. “Stop praying over me.”

“I just wanted to help you.”

“I ain’t ready to die yet, Evil. Get away from me.”

The beautiful black eyes met his in shock and horror. Backing up, she moved across the room and Jay fought hard to stand up to leave this dying place, looking all over for his jacket, something to cover him against the cold.

A wave overwhelmed him and he slumped back down on the table.

What kind of father was he? Why couldn’t he fight harder for the sake of his young daughter? She only had him left in the world.

He would die at the hands of the demon woman and Goldie would become an orphan now.

All because of his selfishness.





Chapter Two


Nettie grasped at her own wrist, making sure it was still whole because of his grip there.

Why was the man so angry at her? His hazel eyes blazed and he struggled in an almost futile attempt to get up from the examination table where Adam had placed him.

She backed up to the doorway. Why had he attacked her like that? Those things Adam said about him had seemed as if they couldn’t be true, but maybe—

The door moved at her back and Adam came rushing into the room, with her petite sister right behind him.

Now, she didn’t know whom to be more frightened of—the angry Jay Evans or her sister who was awake. However, Ruby put an arm around Nettie’s shoulder and gently guided her to a far corner of the room.

“Here now,” Adam shouted. “We’re trying to help you.”

Jay gestured with his good arm toward her. “Not her. I don’t want her in here. She’s a murderer.”

A surge of fear welled up inside her. For him. Now the man was going to get it. Didn’t he know her sister well at all?

Petite Ruby Morson, dressed only in her floor-length nightgown and nightcap, stepped forward, shaking her fist. “How dare you talk about my sister like that? She’s nothing but goodness and light in the Lord and you dare speak to her in that fashion. You’re lucky she saw fit to help your criminal self. My husband and I are going to treat your wound and you can just clear out of here.”

“Good,” Jay raged. “Nothing would please me more.” He slumped against the table, vanquished by his pain.

A wave of sympathy for the man came over her.

“I got to stay alive for my girl.”

Ruby guided her out of the room. “Go sit in the parlor, Net. Adam and I’ll take care of this. You don’t have to deal with the ravings of a mad man. We deal with this kind of thing all the time.”

“What about the children?”

“They sleep like rocks. They’ll be fine until we get that man some treatment and get him out of here. As soon as we do, we can eat and get ready for church.” Ruby guided her into the parlor and shut the sliding wooden doors behind her.

This was no protection. It was a tomb that her sister put her in. Nettie sighed at the heavy oak surroundings of her sister’s parlor, all designed to show the gravity of the medical profession. Buried alive.

Where was the light in here? She got up from the ottoman that Ruby had guided her to, and tried to lift a heavy sash and open a window. The small amount of dim light of the early morning was trying to break through the clouds, but it was an impossible task. This city was so overcast. Despite herself, she longed for the Georgia sunshine.

She balled her fists, feeling just as Jay Evans must have.

“I was fine until they came along. I knew what I was doing. I was on the road with Brother Carver and Sister Jane for two years, until Brother died. I know how to conduct myself. I’m a grown woman of twenty-three and they treat me as if I were their third child,” Nettie fumed.

It felt good to get all of that out.

Go to his daughter.

The voice that she had relied on all of her life came to her clear as a bell. She should not have been surprised. Her instincts guided her to what was most important. Always.

Of course. Going to see the man’s daughter was crucial. She did not know where Jay lived, but she knew how she could find out. Opening the sliding doors, she peered out into the hallway. All clear.

Donning her coat with efficiency, she stepped around the door and walked out quietly.

With purpose in her stride, she walked past the alleyway where she had discovered Jay Evans and up to another brownstone just down the block.

She rapped on the door with purpose at her sister Mags’s house.

Addie, Mags’s helper—at least for this month, opened the door. “Miss Nettie, what you doing out at this time of day?” She asked.

“Adam is treating a man who was shot in the alley just down the way.” Nettie gestured.

Addie peered out of the door, clearly afraid.

“The man asked that his daughter be told about his condition, but he was indisposed at the time. Do you know where he lives?”

“Who is it?”

“Jay Evans.”

Addie’s features relaxed into a smile. “Oh yeah, everyone know where the numbers man live. Except folk like you all what don’t play. 2346 Livingston Court. He got the biggest house up on the Hill. It’s not far. Too bad he got shot close to home.”

The house was only three or four more blocks away, and thanking her, she continued on at a brisk pace to the place Addie had pointed out.

Pittsburgh was certainly a hilly place and she was more than a bit winded when she climbed up the bluff that formed part of a solitary cul-de-sac. The sun was coming up behind her and from here, she was sure that if it were a clear day, you could see more of Pittsburgh. Not today though. After being here for just two weeks, she wondered if there were ever any clear days.

Walking up to the front door of the house, she noted it was paneled in a lighter-colored wood. She touched it and it seemed familiar to her—Georgia pine.

She rapped on the door with authority. The door opened and a little girl appeared there. The child was a medium-brown color with an undertone so yellow she could be called nothing but her name. This must be Goldie.

The little girl stood there in a red-gingham robe covering her long nightgown. Brown-paper-bag endpapers were tied up in her crooked braids. The young child yawned and stretched her bare feet, waving the pad of paper in front of her own face. “No gaming on Sundays, lady, but I’ll take the number down for Daddy tomorrow. What is it? You dream it or something?”

She didn’t know how to react. This child, who could be no more than six or seven, was used to answering the door and taking down numbers for her father. And he had the nerve to be angry at her? She swallowed then felt a calm overcome her. “You must be Goldie.” She bent down and looked into the girl’s eyes, which were hazel, just like her father’s.

Now the little girl took a different posture. Backing away, the child stepped back and grasped the edge of the door. “You come back tomorrow. I’m all right.”

“I’m here to take you to your father.”

“You one of those social-work womens?”

She shook her head. “Your Daddy got hurt, and he sent me to tell you. If you like, I will take you to him.”

Goldie’s eyes were round. “He’s okay though, right?”

“He will be. My brother-in-law is a doctor and he’s taking care of him.”

“You mean Solomon’s pop?”

She nodded at the child. “Yes, Solly’s my nephew.”

“Okay, I’ll come with you.” Goldie waved her inside.

Stepping into the large house, she could see the place was in desperate need of cleaning.

“I thought you was one of those social-work ladies coming to take me away from my daddy. You wear those awful clothes like they do. But then again, you aren’t white, and the social-work ladies are all white ones.”

Mercy. This child. How should she take insults from a child Solomon’s age? She smoothed down her gray traveling suit. Her clothes were neat and pressed. That was all that mattered. Still, the child’s words stung. “Were, I thought you were a social work lady,” she corrected. “Are you here alone?”

“No. Eva’s on the couch. She had a late night and she’s tired.”

Her eyes followed to where Goldie had waved and there was a fully dressed woman on the couch, who, even from her distant vantage point, reeked of cigarettes and alcohol. The woman had on something shiny and short, certainly much more fashionable than her own clothes, but not at all respectable.

“You go on and get dressed, dear,” she told Goldie.

Goldie obeyed, going up the stairs two at a time.

She stood over the woman, not sure how to react at this turn of events. She nudged a stockinged foot with her toe and the woman shifted. “Eva?”

“Mmph. What you want?”

“Do you know what you’re doing here?”

The woman opened her eyes, clearly reluctant to do so. “I’m here with Goldie.”

Rage threatened to consume her, but she didn’t think it would do for the little girl to see her that way, so she calmed herself. “She said you had a late night. What could she have possibly meant by that?”

“Are you the law?” Eva edged herself up in her evening gown, trying to stare her down with large dark eyes, but clearly afraid too.

Say yes.

“I am.” The lie made her uncomfortable, but what else could she do to get this woman away from the child she clearly hadn’t cared for? Clearly, helping this child was about assisting a higher moral authority.

It worked, and Eva was on the run a bit after that.

Good.

“I wasn’t out that long.”

“Gather your things, Eva,” she said, not even bothering to hide her disdain. “Leave at once.”

“I don’t know who you think you is, but Mr. Jay didn’t give me no call to leave.”

“Did you leave Goldie alone for any part of the night?” Nettie tried not to wrinkle her nose as the pungent woman shifted around.

“How’s that any of your business?” Eva answered, but she was outmuscled.

She had to refrain from rubbing her hands together at the sight of Eva picking up a pair of Mary Janes from the floor. Attractive shoes, but she herself could never imagine wearing something so slight and so dainty.

“Goldie’s care and well-being are my concern.” As a child of God. As Jay’s daughter. She had to add that on in her mind’s eye. She didn’t like to lie; it just happened. She seemed changed already, even in the way she fit so easily in a strange man’s house.

“It was only for a little while. Don’t tell Mr. Jay.”

“Just contact him tomorrow and I’m sure he’ll pay you what he owes you. I’ll take over from here.”

Eva stood and donned her high-heeled Mary Janes, made her way to the door and left. With clear relief.

To rid the room of the woman’s scent, she went to the window sashes, pushed them to the side and let the windows up, allowing in some of the fresher air from outside.

The living room was nicely appointed, well positioned to let in a lot of light and split into two levels. The brownstones where her siblings lived were more grand, but the roominess in here was comfortable and she liked it.

Small feet sounded on the steps and she turned to see Goldie, dressed to the nines in the latest Mary Janes, only with flat heels, and a lovely yellow frock of an appropriate short length. She made for such a beautiful little jonquil in springtime, perfect for early March.

She stepped forward to wrest some of the brown-paper end wrappers from Goldie’s braids that the child had missed. Her heart ached. This little girl needed real attention, even if the Goldie’s clothes were of a better quality her own.

“Where’s Eva?”

“She had something else to do. Come along.” She took Goldie by the hand, and the girl came willingly, slipping her trusting hand inside of hers, and Nettie’s stomach warmed.

Such a shock. It was the first time since she came to Pittsburgh that she felt really welcome.

“It’s better if the bullet stays in,” Adam Morson told Jay in a crisp tone. “Of course, you’re always welcome to consult with a white doctor if it pleases you. You need to go back home to your daughter and relax so that you can heal.”

The doctor made him sit up—a little too fast. He swallowed hard. No, not even the doc would see him go down like that. “Thank you.”

“If you’ll sit here, we can give you a lift up the hill.”

“I wouldn’t want to get blood in your car.”

“We can take the carriage.”

“So I’ll jolt?”

Adam seemed to change his mind. “Fine. But I’ll have to drop my family off at church first.”

“Whatever, Doctor.”

“That would include my sister-in-law.”

Her eyes narrowed. “I’ll walk before I get in a car with her.”

“What has Nettie ever done to you?”

“Nettie. Sounds like a country faith healer.”

“Yes. She has, as we in the family like to call it, a special kind of commune with the Lord.” Dr. Morson turned to mess with some of the instruments he had used on Jay. “She’s traveled all over as part of the revival service with Brother Carver and Sister Jane. Brother Carver died last Christmas and she decided to move up here to find some opportunities.”

“And she’s been here before, traveling with that revival?”

“Yes.” Adam turned to him. “What does that mean to you?”

“She’s the very one who promised Clara that she was going to get better the night before she died.”

The doctor faced him. “I told you, Clara was too far gone for help by the time she came to me. No one was going to save her.”

“Not even God?” He struggled to stand. “Clara believed, Doctor. She really did. And that, that…”

“Nettie.”

“Nettie, came two years ago, right before Clara died and promised her that she would be well.”

“You must be mistaken. Nettie doesn’t make promises like that.”

“I remember her in my mind.” He gestured with his good arm. “I know what she told Clara and she died that night. She’s the angel of death. I wouldn’t have her living with me if I were a doctor.”

The front door opened and closed, and they both startled to hear footsteps coming to the back of the house. Suddenly, there she was, the very topic of conversation, standing in front of him as if he had conjured her up. Great.

Still, even better was the sight of Goldie, dressed in one of those bright-yellow dresses she liked to wear and her hair tied up in a ribbon, but not combed out right from the paper-bag curls that she had taken out. He struggled, so happy to see his little ray of sunshine, his most precious jewel. He reached out his good arm to her and she went into it, embracing him around his waist.

“Daddy, are you all right?”

“I am, my precious.” He loved the feel of his little girl in his arms. She was the best thing in his life—so sweet and good. It pained him often that he couldn’t take care of Goldie the way that he liked, but Jay had no other family to send her to. He did his best on his own.

“I was afraid, but then this woman with the bad clothes came to the house to get me, to bring me to you.”

Yeah. The storm-cloud, angel-of-death woman.

He turned to stare at Nettie, and he could see the doctor did too. At least she had the grace to be slightly embarrassed. And clearly, her brother-in-law was not happy with her. Good. Let her know what it was like to be under someone’s scorn.

“She told Eva to get lost, and she brought me here.”

What? She was an angel of death and trouble too? “You got rid of my nanny?”

Nettie did not shrink under his scorn, but she stood up to it and faced both him and her brother-in-law. “You left your child in your house with a drunken woman, is that correct?”

Storm clouds invaded his mind. Had this woman, someone he didn’t even know, come into his home and told his nanny to leave? Is that what his Goldie was telling him? How did anyone who wasn’t in the game have that kind of nerve? He scrambled for an explanation. “People drink sometimes.” Naw, that wasn’t it. The nerve of this woman.

“She was dressed as if she had gone out, similar to you.” Nettie gestured toward the beautifully tailored white suit, now in shreds due to his injury.

“What does that mean?”

“She might have left your daughter alone, neglected.”

“Goldie was fine.”

“That was not what I saw when I went into your home.”

Somehow, he found the strength to stand on his feet and face her. He tucked Goldie firmly under his arm. “I’m gonna tell you once—just one time. And you,” he gestured to the doctor who still stood there, clearly stunned at these goings-on, “you make it happen. Stay the hell out of my life. Understand me?”

Now he could see that inner light of righteousness that the doc had been talking about, and his stomach roiled. The emotions swirled about in his stomach as if he were riding a coaster out at West View Park—awe at the graceful way she held herself in front of him, sheer astonishment at her beauty, anger at her intrusions.

What was the matter with Nettie? Many, many men knew enough to cow before him whenever he was angry that something hadn’t gone well in the enterprise. She did not. What was it that held her so rigid and strong? Nettie wasn’t his business. Jay didn’t need to figure it out just now.

He stood there waiting for her to react. She did nothing but stand firm. Nettie just stared at him, unblinking, with big old coal eyes as if he were the crazy one.

“Thank you for coming into the alley to get me. I appreciate that.” Jay could not believe he was talking on, backing down really, but Nettie should know he was glad she’d saved his life. “But you do not have the right to come and take apart my life, especially after what you did to Clara.”

The anger won out and overwhelmed him. “No, not after that. I don’t want to see you ever again.” He lifted his arm from Goldie just long enough to take a fat wad of bills out of his pant pocket and peel off several of them, flinging them on the examining table for the doctor. “Thanks, Doc. Come on, Goldie.”

With his arm around Goldie, and almost needing to use her for support, Jay walked out of the doctor’s office.

“What did that lady do to Mama?” Goldie asked him as she held on to her father. “I ain’t ever seen her before.”

“Nothing, baby.” He smoothed down Goldie’s rough plaits. “Let’s go out here and find us a ride up the hill.”

“I think that we should wait, Daddy. I don’t like the way you look.”

“We can go home, sunshine, and just sit still for a couple of days. That’s what some bad men want Daddy to do.”

He opened the door and walked out with Goldie. He didn’t know where or how he would get home with his daughter in tow, but he would. That woman was nothing but trouble, and he knew it.

He tried to walk a little bit more, but the sick feeling came into his stomach again. He leaned against one of the brownstones.

“Daddy, Daddy!” Goldie screamed.

Stay strong. Goldie was relying on him. He was her only parent. Beads of sweat broke out on his forehead, and he stopped, sitting on a stoop. No one else but that trouble woman had Christian charity toward him here on an early Sunday morning as he struggled. Jay was the most powerful man in the Hill District at night but during the day, he was sordid and no one wanted anything to do with him.

A shaft of light appeared next to him. Goldie. Her little face was creased up and he hated her looking like that, all because of him.

“I should get help, Daddy.”

“I’ma be fine, Goldie. Just let me rest.”

“Let’s help your father into the carriage,” a no nonsense voice told Goldie, and she obeyed.

Remarkable—he wondered at it. As much as he loved his child, Goldie did not always listen to what she was told.

But maybe it was because it was death woman speaking. She had come back outside to see where they were, and he couldn’t move fast enough to get away. Great.

Nettie came under his arm and supported him into the carriage where he was sure to bounce and jolt and die.

Still, it felt good to sit down. He leaned back and reached up with his good hand to wipe the sweat from his brow. Goldie sat down next to him and held on to his hand, which was cold. The woman sat across from them, her beautiful features etched with worry.

He tried to form words, words of chastisement, but something was creeping in on the edges of his consciousness. Darkness. Nettie personified the angel of death, and was here to kill him and take him away from his Goldie. Well, he had been right for once.

He wanted to smile, but something stopped him because he was half-afraid of this woman who had come into his life and shaken up everything.

Before he knew it, though, they were in front of his little house on the bluff, and he was grateful he didn’t have to walk even that little way. Nettie helped him down out of the wagon, inside the house and onto his large davenport. He heard her asking Goldie some questions about supplies that she needed, but his relief at getting to his couch overwhelmed him. If he was going to die, he didn’t have to die in the alleyway or in the street in front of the high-class brownstones. He could do it here on the big, overstuffed davenport that he and Clara had bought four years ago when they moved in.

Leaning, he gave in to the darkness swallowing him. He didn’t want to fight anymore. The wet on his shoulder didn’t even alarm him. Jay could die happy, knowing he was at home.





Chapter Three


Nettie tried her best to ignore the rock-hard feel of Jay’s chest beneath her splayed fingers as she once again became a crutch for him to lean on as they went back into the beautiful, but neglected little house. She could only get him to the large davenport in the front room, but fortunately the couch was large enough to take his bulk.

While Jay rested, she took off her hat and placed a palm on her narrow hip. She had always wished there were more padding there, but that was territory for her younger sisters—they had the womanly shapes. Well, at least her look was popular now. Just not her clothes—she remembered Goldie’s stinging insult.

“Thank you, Miss Nettie. I’ll take it from here.” Goldie arranged her father’s arms to ensure, she guessed, that Jay was sleeping soundly. He was.

Not seeing a place to hang her hat, she placed her hat on the piano bench, marveled at the fact that there was one—noticing it for the first time. She had seen a piano in a private home only in one place—at the Winslow mansion back home. How remarkable for a Negro to have one, sh thought, even as she tried to remember that it was ill-gotten gains used to purchase it.

“Well, now what?” She did not want to usurp the little girl’s position, but genuinely needed to know.

“I’ll take care of my daddy. I do it all the time. I know how.”

She tried her best not to run a gloved finger on the edge of the piano bench, but sat down instead next to her hat, facing the little girl. The curls that the brown endpapers had made were far from tamed and her hand itched to smooth them out. She settled into a negotiating position. “I’m sure that you do. I just thought I would come in and help a little, that’s all.”

“I know you have stuff to do. You look like a churchwoman.”

Goldie’s comment did catch her unawares a bit. How would the people in the charity kitchen take her no-show status today? She might even miss church and she never missed church unless she was sick. Still, as she saw the dusty end tables, the piano in need of care, the child who needed guidance and food, her purpose was settled. No matter the man’s nonsense ravings about her, her work was to stay and take care of this man and his neglected daughter.

That thought gave her a feeling of calm and peace whenever she prayed. She was right where he wanted her to be. She folded her hands, looking at Goldie with her father’s hazel eyes. “Your daddy needs some building up, some soup, and the house needs a little bit of attention,” she spoke to Goldie, woman to woman.

When she straightened herself up, Nettie knew she had the little girl’s attention. “Do you want to help me? We’ll let your daddy rest a bit before we help him upstairs.”

“Okay. It’s getting time for spring cleaning anyway.” Goldie shrugged.

The gray, overcast day outside didn’t help her to see any sign of spring. She stood. “Let’s get to work.”

Goldie told her where the cleaning supplies were and she showed her how to clean the floors. The brushes that she found were very old and worn out. Clearly they came from a different time, maybe when Clara was able clean her own home. The thought made Nettie sad, but then she brightened when she realized order would come as the house was put to rights.

“The floor sure does look better, Miss Nettie.” Goldie regarded her. “And I can see wearing long skirts can be helpful ’cause when you scrub the floors, your knees don’t hurt as much. Even though I like the shorter skirts now. You would probably look pretty in one, and you can always change into it after the floor is clean.”

“I’m wearing the clothes that my sister made for me. She’s a dressmaker.”

Goldie had a faraway look in her eyes. “I would like a sister. You don’t mean Miss Ruby, do you?”

She chuckled. “No, I do not. Ruby hates to sew. My sister Em who lives in Georgia.”

“She only makes long skirts?”

“No, Em made these some time ago and I want to make sure I get the wear out of them.” Not a very interesting response to a seven-year-old, but Goldie did ask. Children should always know the truth.

“Oh. You mean you can’t afford new clothes.” Goldie went back to scrubbing her corner. “That’s easy. When Daddy wakes up, I’ll tell him we need to go shopping and get you some shorter skirts to wear on days when you aren’t scrubbing the floor.”

She opened her mouth to respond and then shut it. Nettie just didn’t know where to start with all of the wrong ideas the child had, but she would take them at a time. She took a breath and sat back on her haunches to relax her knees again. “I appreciate your kindness, Goldie, but men should not buy clothes for ladies that they aren’t married to. It isn’t appropriate.”

She didn’t want to burst the child’s bubble, but it was clear that she hadn’t had any home training, with rogue people in charge of her. Even if Nettie was going to just help out that morning, she should impart something of value to the child.

Her statements made the child sad, but it had to be said. The little girl scrubbed at the floor some more. “Oh. Well, Daddy needs to remarry. I miss my mama and all, but I barely remember what she looked like—it was so long ago. I was young. It’s time he get married. You’ll do. I’ll talk to him about it.”

Now, Nettie was really taken aback. This youngster’s candor had her beat. She said, stunned, “Goldie, I don’t think—”

A shadow crossed the floor and, much to her embarrassment, Jay stood there, filling the doorway with his broad shoulders and body. Before she could wonder at how much he had heard, he came to the edge of the floor, not wanting to step on anything. Goldie had taken off his shoes and socks so his brown feet were bare.

Kneeling, she was about eye level with his midsection and she didn’t think that she could have been any more shocked if he were standing there stark-naked.

Or she might be. Red-hot blood rushed to her face.

“Is there anything to eat?” Jay boomed before he gave her a slight smile. He had heard every word Goldie said.

“Um…oh…no. Not yet. We were cleaning up in here and I was going to show Goldie how to make a soup, but since you are up,” She struggled to her feet, “please do not get blood on the clean floor.” She regained some of her authority, but she wondered briefly at how it was possible to lose her composure so easily in front of this man. Time to take charge.

“Goldie, let’s get your father upstairs.”

It took them both some time and struggle, but they got Jay into the master bedroom, which took up much of the second floor, which surprised her. Given the space of the house, she would have thought that there were three bedrooms up here, but there were only two. His bed was just like what Ruby and Adam had—it was obnoxiously large and made of heavy oak.

He still had on his cream pants and an undershirt.

“I’ll leave you to undress yourself when you are feeling better.” She wiped her hands on her skirt once he was in bed.

“You sure, little country girl? You ever undress a man before?”

He seemed to delight in seeing her squirm, and so she would not give him what he wanted. Remembering how he’d achieved all of this, she stood up. “I do not think it’s appropriate to speak about this in front of a child.”

“Daddy, she’s telling me about what is ’propriate.”

“Good, sweetie, since Little Country knows everything.” Now his smile took on a deeper, darker meaning, confusing her for just a minute. “I’ll just rest up here and wait for the soup.”

“Yes, and now that we cleaned the floor, we can get it started. Once the soup is cooked, I’ll leave. Come on, Goldie.”

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Jay settle back into the pillows and his face took on a grimace that let her know he was in more pain than he appeared to be. The tug at her heart almost threatened to overwhelm her. Quickly, she left the room, with Goldie skipping in front of her.

Still, the red heat came rushing into her cheeks again as she remembered how firm Jay’s chest had felt beneath her fingers as she helped him up the stairs.

It had been a long time—too long—since Jay had seen a woman working in his home. Neither Eva nor the string of helpers he had hired since Clara’s death two years ago was exactly helpful. Nor did they always do good kitchen cleaning and cooking. So, even though there was a fist of something in his belly longing to throw Nettie out, Jay enjoyed watching her work.

’Sides, he couldn’t do anything else but just fill up his bed. Why did this have to happen now, just as he was deciding to leave the game? But would he have ever come across this death angel had he not been shot by that angry client?

Funny thing, the dude apologized right after. Joe Griffiths knew he would not do him crooked, but still, the shooting made Jay come out looking like the bad guy, despite his best effort.

He fell asleep, and for the first time in years, His dreams did not involve Clara. Usually, he’s always had the same dream of her, chastising him for not getting her help soon enough.

This time, he dreamed of Nettie, wearing that white robe and singing in that angelic voice that no one could ever forget once they’d heard it. She came down from a high pulpit and with a sorrowful look on her face, caressed his cheek. In his sleep, he thrilled to her touch in the way he hadn’t in a long, long time.

He woke up to see Nettie and Goldie at the foot of his bed, staring at him. Nettie wore the same sorrowful look on her face as she’d had in his dream. He tried to prop himself up.

Nettie gave Goldie the tray she was holding. The death angel came over to him right away to prop up his pillows, and as close as she was to him, he could smell a sweet scent of spice on her. She pulled away and took up the tray from his daughter in a no-nonsense fashion.

“Daddy, Nettie made some cream of vegetable soup for you, and we’re going to feed it to you.” Goldie came forward and spread a napkin on his lap. She sat next to him, trying to balance the tray, but her lap was too small.

The angel stepped forward and he appreciated the professional way in which she took up the tray from Goldie, but didn’t make his daughter feel small.

“You go sit on your Dad’s other side and make sure the napkin doesn’t fall down. I’ll help him.”

She perched herself on the edge of the bed, sat down next to him and slid the tray onto her gray lap perfectly. “Open up.” She was all business, he could tell.

He knew how to shake her up. “Yes, Little Country.”

That did it. Her hand shook as she dipped the spoon into the whiteness of the soup.

“I’ve never had cream of vegetable soup before.”

“I wanted to find a beef knuckle or something since the marrow would be more nutritious in helping your wound, but I didn’t see anything like that in your fridge.”

“Cook won’t work on the weekends, so she leaves enough in here for me and Goldie to tide us over.”

Nettie lifted the spoon to his lips and shoveled it in. What was she so embarrassed about? And why was she shaking? Well, he had been kind of mad at her.

“Slow down, country girl. Got somewhere to go?”

“I apologize.”

He swallowed the small bit of soup and wanted to close his eyes in pleasure at its rich, velvety texture. It was made up of some cream, peppers, celery and carrots, along with some other things that he couldn’t identify. “Good. Was this in the cupboard?”

“No. I made it. I put it together out of what you had.”

She lifted another spoonful to his mouth and he was not ashamed to lick his lips to catch the last bit of soup. “You made this?”

Her hand was shaking again. “I’m not the cook in the family, that’s Mags, but I do what I can. She taught me a few things.” Nettie lifted the spoon again and Jay eagerly took in the next spoonful.

“Who is Mags?”

“She’s my older sister, but younger than Ruby. She lives down in the brownstones with her husband, Asa Caldwell.”

“The journalist. Yes, I know his work.”

Heh.

Nettie had the grace to look embarrassed as she kept shoveling soup into him. He opened his mouth to keep up with her, but still couldn’t put together what was wrong with her. After all, she was the one who had sent Clara on her heavenly journey. Clearly, she did not remember or know him, so why should she quake and shake?

“You read the newspaper?” She seemed surprised.

“All gangsters aren’t that bad. We like to see our mug shots.”

She almost upended the bowl with the soup in it.

“Relax, Little Country. I don’t bite. I was just joking with you.”

“Okay.” Her relief showed on her face clearly as she scraped up the last of the soup from the bowl and fed it to him. The worrying look went away. She backed away from him.

“I’ll take some more.”

“Maybe later. We want to make sure it stays down.”

He opened his mouth and just about protested that as good as the soup was, what he really wanted was a mess of eggs and a few links of sausage and a rasher of bacon. But he knew that she was in charge now so he closed his mouth instead.

He ought to apologize for how he had treated Nettie back at Dr. Morson’s, but the words failed him. Who was this woman? She came in here and cleaned his floors, made a delicious soup and fed him, and he hadn’t paid her a red cent and she was no employee of his. Who would do such a thing?

God, help me. The thought made him shift himself upwards, and he had less pain as he moved. Was that a prayer? Would it count? Jay hadn’t prayed like this in a long, long time. Not since Clara died. He wanted nothing to do with some entity that saw fit to take his wife away from him. Almost took Jay away, getting shot up like this. But to his shock, he was feeling better.

He smiled at Nettie instead, hoping the small gesture conveyed his apology. “You hanging around here?”

She shifted the tray in her hands. “I really shouldn’t. I might catch the later service.”

“Little Country, it’s high noon. Maybe you didn’t realize ’cause it is so overcast today.”

Nettie went toward the window and lifted a frilly white curtain. Moving the curtain made a dust cloud rise. She sneezed. “I see. I don’t want to leave Goldie here by herself.”

Goldie quietly watched him eat and sat on the bed next to him, clearly afraid to lean too close to him as she might touch his wound. He squeezed her hand, even though it took some effort on that side, but he did it to reassure Goldie he was healing. And to reassure himself. It worked. Somehow, he did feel better.

“I don’t want to hold you back from whatever you got to do.”

“Sunday is a day of rest.” Nettie was all business again as she faced him from the window. “We all go over to Asa’s mother’s house down the row and have Sunday lunch together.”

His Sundays had no church or familial gatherings. He usually took Goldie to the park or on a drive to the country out to their farm. Not today. When would he be able to get back on the farm again?

“I’ve only been twice though,” Nettie provided.

“You only been up here for two weeks?”

She nodded and he marveled. “I knew that was some of that red Georgia clay on your heels.”

She looked down at the floor and trembled again. Was he that fearsome? “Goldie and I’ll finish cleaning and I’ll see to it she gets lunch and dinner.”

“Fine.” He laid back. Talking to her was more tiring than he thought. He watched her pick up the tray and walk out with Goldie.

“Hey, Country,” Jay called out, “thank you.” He shaped himself into a comfortable position and went to sleep.

Jay must have slept deeply and dreamed long because when he woke up the room was completely dark.

Peering through the darkness, he noticed the stick-thin figure of Goldie rested on the large bed next to him, dressed in her white nightgown with a scarf tied neatly on her head. Why did she have that scarf on? Where had that come from?

He felt okay enough to reach over with his good arm and shake her a bit. It wasn’t hard enough because Goldie slept like the dead, one reason why he was less afraid than he should have been to leave Goldie at home by herself. He kept shaking her gently until she finally woke up.

“Where did the little country woman go?”

Goldie stretched and Jay smelled her sleeping breath, which was none too pleasant. “Nettie? She told me to come in here with you when she went home. She put me on the night watch.” Goldie sat up and extended her little legs proudly. “Are you hungry?”

He was but he didn’t want Goldie going down and messing with heating anything up. His shoulder felt somewhat better. The long rest, combined with the nutritious soup, must have had a healing effect. Jay turned over so that Goldie’s smooth, scarf-covered head rested just under his hand on his good side.

“Go on back to sleep, treasure. I’ll be fine.”

She snuggled underneath his hand and went back to sleep right away. Goldie had obeyed.

He started to laugh, but didn’t want to risk waking her again. He wanted some more of that delicious soup, but he was mighty tired. He slid back into a deep sleep.

And it was in Jay’s dreams where Nettie touched him, made him feel like a man. It had been a long, long time since he had been at the receiving end of a woman’s touch.

Nettie had a hard time sleeping that night. How would Jay get something to eat? She had visions of Goldie trying to start that oven and burning the house down with the two of them in it, unable to get out. He had only eaten one bowl of soup. The numbers kingpin was a big man, and he needed more nutritious food to help his wound heal.

There had to be some way to go back and check on him, but Nettie didn’t know how.

She sat up peering in the darkness. Well, she was twenty-three years old. Why shouldn’t she go back on her own? She was an adult. Even if she had displeased her family by being out all day and not showing up to church or for lunch at the Caldwells’ after.

She laid back down. What had she done wrong? Nettie went back over the encounter she had with her family earlier in the day, trying to think.

“Pittsburgh has made her go clean out of her head.” Ruby stood and waved her arms in a bossy way in the parlor.

Nettie watched as she came through her sister’s front door, surprised to see them all gathered there. They must have come here to wait for her after the Caldwells’ lunch. The thought was a humiliating one. She never, ever caused anyone trouble.

“Nettie would never behave in such a way back home.”

“I’m right here. I’m not going back to the church kitchen today.” She emerged from the doorway, surprised by her vehemence as she addressed her older sisters. “I was doing good work by helping that family. They needed me there, more than I needed to sit up in a church, worshipping with a bunch of snooty folks.”

Mags and Ruby fixed her with alarmed looks.

“Well, I’m sorry. Freedom Christian seems to judge its parishioners in a way that I don’t like. I’m glad to help at the charity kitchen as I can, but I don’t know if that is the church home for me.”

“Nettie needs to be engaged in a productive enterprise.” Asa’s voice came stern as he spoke from Ruby’s large, overstuffed chair. He was Mags’s husband, and he propped up his fake leg from the Great War on an ottoman. “I would put her in at the newspaper, but we don’t have any positions open now that would be suitable for women.”

“She can help with the baby when it comes.” Mags’s voice became flat as she rubbed her large, round belly. She was sitting down, while Ruby stood, off her feet with her third pregnancy in four years. “Nettie needs to practice her housekeeping skills.”

“I’ll be more than happy to help when the baby comes,” Nettie insisted. “But in the meantime, I want to do good works. I’ll go to the charity kitchen in the morning, as usual.”

“Go there,” Adam weighed in with an even more stern tone than Asa’s, “and come right home. No more of this going other places.”

Ruby clapped a hand to her mouth and that did it for Nettie.

She folded her arms. “You all can stand down here and talk about my prospects until you are blue in the face. I’m going to the charity kitchen in the morning. If you had seen how small and helpless the little girl was, you would have known why I could not have left her alone in the house with her injured father. I came home and did not stay overnight, even though I wanted to.”

“Well, thank the Lord above for that.” Mags shifted, and through her dress, Nettie could see the baby pressing a hand forward as if it agreed with its mother.

“I’m glad that you cared for your reputation…” Adam frowned, “…but you still must do better.”

“Thank you for your concern, brother.” She dipped her head to him. “But I’m twenty-three and have been on the revival tour for eighteen months. I know about a few things.”

Mags and Ruby put a conspiratorial hand to their mouths, and this time, she could see their shoulders shaking. Laughing.

She hated that.

They were the older ones, always hanging together. Her younger siblings, Em and Delie, hung together. Nettie was in the middle by herself, with no one.

She shook her head to clear the unpleasant memory. Instead, she switched to better thoughts of Jay’s juicy lips, his teeth, his deep voice and the smile he’d given her before she left.

It wasn’t right to think of him either.

Nettie tried to will herself to sleep, but the thoughts of the handsome gangster kept her flopping back and forth. In this new state, practically at war with her family, was she trying to protect something precious she hadn’t even known she possessed?





Chapter Four


In the morning, Goldie’s left foot’s toes were practically up Jay’s nose, and she wiggled them in her sleep. What would he do with this child?

His heart seized in a brief moment of panic. His shoulder felt sore, but he would live. And he had to work. Still, it was Monday and he would go crazy if he had to stay here with her all day. Moving Goldie’s foot to the side woke her up.

She stretched herself and gazed at him, speaking out as she always did, “Daddy, what am I going to do today?” The schools were on a break now, so she had been staying at home with Eva.

He sat himself up using his good arm. “I don’t know. Eva isn’t coming back.”

Then an idea hit him and he made a sudden movement, maybe a bit more sudden than he might have liked, but it had to be done. He needed to make sure the fellows saw him working like normal. Not showing up might give an outsider a prime opportunity to come in and take over. He had been making plans for getting out. But that would happen only when he wanted it to. Not before.

“Let’s get dressed.”

“There’s no breakfast, ’less we have soup again.”

He could have done with that, given how good Nettie’s soup was, but not Goldie. Usually the nanny/cook would fix breakfast for her, but there was no Eva and no cook just now. He needed to hire some help.

“Come on, let’s get dressed. We’re going out for breakfast.”

Goldie was off the bed like the shot he thought it would slow him down, but didn’t. When she came back, she had on her usual self-imposed uniform of overalls and a long-sleeved shirt. She brought the hairbrush to him, but he couldn’t do much to help her with only one good hand. Well, this would prove his point. He needed help. Still, her braids looked too crooked. He was sad to see his pretty daughter looking like a ragamuffin newly arrived in town, but it couldn’t be helped.

At least for now.

He shrugged into some pants and managed to put a crisp white shirt on. Goldie helped him to button it up. The thought of a blazer or suit jacket on top of his wound was a bit much for him. He left off his usual tie, knowing that might raise questions, but at least he was dressed. His knees were a bit stiff, though he was able to get around much more than yesterday. Could it have been Nettie’s nourishing soup that made him feel so much better? He couldn’t wait to get some more of it in him later on.

They headed out of the front door and he wondered briefly how they would go. While his arm felt better, he wasn’t willing to be jounced around on a horse or in a carriage. He didn’t feel confident in driving his own car either. Of course, he could have called someone to drive him, but ultimately, he decided to walk down the hill with Goldie.

Freedom Christian stood tall, brown-bricked and imposing, on an angle to the bottom of their hill. He knew how close it was. Having carried his Clara there in his arms. Still, it had been years since Jay had noticed it. Usually he would have a pain in his chest thinking about those things and what happened to his poor wife, but not today.

Still, he had exerted himself more than he thought, and Goldie held the side door open for him. They went in together, descending the stairs to the kitchen. Several groups of people milled around eating breakfast and talking. All fell silent as soon as he and Goldie entered the open space of the basement.

He saw instantly Nettie across the room, placing forks and knives on a table. Why was his heart pounding?

Goldie broke free of his handhold, cried out “Nettie!” and ran to her.

He wanted to cover Goldie somehow as loud voice echoed across the basement room. Jay wasn’t surprised to see several of the people frown. He gritted his teeth. Frown at his little girl? Bunch of hypocrites. It was no matter to him. Several of them were his very steady clients, and would be by the shop to see him later to borrow money, he was sure.

The hypocrisy of people, especially ones who attended a church like this, never ceased to amaze him. Straightening himself up, he sauntered to where Nettie stood and reviewed her fresh-scrubbed beauty.

Nettie’s black hair wrapped around her head in a thick braid that encircled her head and appeared as a crown, almost. She wore a spotless apron over her old-fashioned dress. She was neat and tidy and beautiful, but her body, what he could discern of it, made her seem the perfect prototype of the jazz baby.

Boy, she would look splendid in some of the contemporary fashions. A warmth spread through him, knowing that Nettie would be scandalized at his conclusions, but he didn’t care. I’ll see her dressed like that one day.

He was pleased to note Nettie was not upset at seeing Goldie, and she bent down to give her a warm embrace. Usually, many of Goldie’s caretakers did not greet her as well. They assumed, very incorrectly, that he did not notice their regard for Goldie was not genuine. They wanted to get to him. He knew it because several women had been after him even before Clara died—while she was sick. It completely turned him off. One reason why Little Country stunned him was because her kindness went to everyone, equally. Still, when she looked up at him, the look on her face was not a happy one.

She was mad at him? Somehow, the thought that Nettie even cared made another surge of warmth streak through him, and Jay almost forgot that he had been shot. Almost. He grinned at her.

“I’m glad to see you’re looking better, Mr. Evans, but what are you doing here?”

“Bringing my daughter to breakfast.” He sniffed the air. “Smells good. Your soup was delicious, but I’m ready for more sturdy fare, I have to admit.”

The look on Nettie’s face changed from displeasure to alarm. “You were hungry last night, weren’t you? I thought of it all night, but I didn’t want to wake you to eat again because your body needed sleep to heal. I was going to come over just as soon as I was through setting up.”

“No need. I’m showing you the meal you made worked on me. I feel a lot better. Thank you.”

She’d thought of him all night? Good. That would make it to talk to her. Besides, it pleased Jay to know Nettie cared more than what she made out. “May we have a plate?”

“Well,” Nettie spread her hands, “this is a charity kitchen. It’s for those who can’t find food elsewhere.”

“That would be us.” He put his hand on Goldie’s crooked braids.

“Who can’t afford to pay,” Nettie whispered.

Her pretty cheeks flushed and her Little Country embarrassment was coming up again. Ha!

“You can.”

“Yes I can.” He pulled out a chair at a random table for Goldie to sit and he sat down next to her, draping his good arm on the back of Goldie’s chair. “We’ll pay for our plates, if you don’t mind.”

A larger woman who wore the same kind of old-fashioned clothes as Nettie came next to her. “What’s the meaning of all of this, Nettie?”

“This is a family who wants to eat.”

“They cannot eat here. There are many restaurants here on the Hill that would be pleased to serve this man.”

“How are you, Mrs. Caldwell?” He boomed out to the woman, laying his arm along the back of Goldie’s chair. “Good to see you.”

“You shouldn’t eat here,” the large woman informed him in a very snooty tone.

“Guess you didn’t dream any numbers last night that you want me to put down.”

He knew how to use his gaze to intimidate people and he did so now. Yeah, Mrs. Caldwell sure didn’t want her church folk to know how often she played. That little slip of fear was easy to see in her red-rimmed eyes.

They stared at each other for a while until Mrs. Caldwell backed down. “Get them some plates, Nettie, so they can be on their way.”

“Yes, ma’am.” Nettie walked away, and Mrs. Caldwell fixed him with a last, snobby look before following on her heels.

Jay wanted to laugh, but refrained from telling Mrs. Caldwell he would see her later. He should respect the church, so he reflected, to himself, his pleasure at having bested her.

God don’t like ugly.

Where had that come from? He had a fleeting, shadowy memory of his mother. He had not thought of her in a long time, so remembering her caught him by pure surprise. The vivid nature of the recollection was so present, it was almost as if she were here with him. A hurtful sting of tears came to the corners of his eyes, but he swallowed those away. He was well used to the start of emotional pain, and had many a method to keep all that well under control. He would not have been successful as a numbers man if he hadn’t learned well to keep his emotions to himself.

Nettie came to them with two plates. One was piled high with bacon, grits, eggs and two biscuits. The other plate had two strips of bacon, a scoop of eggs, a small spoonful of grits and one biscuit. She set the piled-high plate down in front of Goldie and gave him the little one.

“What gives?”

He might have switched the plates, but Goldie had already dug in and ate as if the hounds were chasing her. She could not speak because her mouth was too full.

“Goldie’s a growing girl. She needs food since she probably didn’t have dinner last night. You’re recuperating and we need to make sure that food stays down.”

He stopped himself from frowning as Goldie reached for a little pot of red jelly to put on her biscuits. He would not begrudge his child the food that she was shoveling into her mouth, but still, it rankled him he hadn’t gotten more.

Nettie folded her arms, smiling. Well, she seemed to be getting a big kick at depriving him of food. She walked off and returned with two tin mugs.

He brightened. At least he could get some coffee. When she set them down, they were filled with a white liquid. Milk? His confusion must have been etched all over his face.

“Milk will build you back up again. That was why I made the vegetable soup with cream yesterday. This is what you need. Goldie too.”

He ate his food obediently, and once gave a glance up at someone who said hello to him. Still, Nettie was the only one who stayed over by them. No one would come to Jay to give him numbers.

They were in a church. The realization made him pause as he ate his grits. Jay had never thought much about what he did, but with everyone in the large basement, behaving in such a cautious manner, he wondered. Was God so unhappy with what he was doing with his life? Is that why he was shot, or was it just drunk Joe Griffiths, who had gone crazy from drinking the wrong kind of bathtub gin, accusing him of remembering his number wrong? Two days ago, he would have laughed it off, that people were being foolish, but now, he wasn’t so sure.

He pushed the empty plate from him. “I guess that was good.”

Goldie’s plate was empty way before his was. “That was so good, Miss Nettie. Thank you.”

“You are welcome, child.” Nettie clapped her hands to her lap. “I’m sure you both have plenty to accomplish today. I’ll leave you to it.”

He cleared his throat of a stray grit, gave a grimace and swilled the milk down in a few big gulps, trying not to taste it since he hadn’t drunk milk in years. “Well, see, that’s what we came here for, Miss Nettie. You fired my help yesterday.”

Nettie nodded. “I did. She was slovenly and drunk. It was just awful, Mr. Evans. I cannot believe you would want that kind of influence for little Goldie here.” She ran a hand over Goldie’s crooked braids and pulled back, looking at them, scowling as if she’d noticed Goldie’s hair for the first time.

“Yes, well, since you did that, you need to find me a nanny and a cook. I have to get back to work.” He stood up, smiling down at her with triumph.

Nettie stood on the other side of the table. She was taller than what he thought…still, she could fit under his arm. Yes, she was the perfect jazz baby, tall and slender.

What would it be like to gather her slim body to mine as we dance? Jay wanted to smack himself. They were in a church. No thoughts like that.

“This is a charity kitchen and not an employment agency. How did you find Eva?” Nettie’s voice trailed off. She held up a hand as she examined his features. “Never mind.”

“Well, far as I know, there aren’t any Negro employment agencies here on the Hill. I certainly would not be able to hire a white woman to take care of my Negro child. The church seems like as good a place as any to find a nanny, since you don’t approve of my hiring methods. Any one of these ladies might be willing to take care of her as I work.”

“Daddy lets ladies who owe money to the game watch me,” Goldie piped up as she wiped the white milk moustache off of her lip.

Horror reflected in Little Country’s face as her eyes squeezed shut. She opened them again and blinked at him. The light in her eyes touched his heart and soothed it in some way. Was it laughter she brought to him? He watched Nettie work until she finally said, “It sounds like something akin to a fallen-woman house.”

“I’m not a pimp, Miss Nettie. I’m just a numbers man.”

“I don’t even care to know what that is.” Nettie tried to turn from him, but she couldn’t. Like a country sunflower facing the sun.

He smiled slowly at her then said, “I forgot, Little Country. You still got that red clay on your heels.”

He almost made her look. Ha!

“I can ask some of the people here eating if they need a job.”

“Why can’t you watch me, Miss Nettie?” Goldie piped up.

Well, that had been his idea all along. He had to remember to reward Goldie with a new marble.

Nettie leaned over to her. “I can’t be your nanny, honey. As much as I have liked the time that we spent together, I have things to do here.”

Goldie jumped up. “I can help you here.” She gathered their plates. “See? I can wash them.”

He gave a few knocks on the table. “See there? She won’t be no problem. Give me a kiss.”

Goldie came to him and he bent down, even though it was painful, but his daughter’s sweet kiss on his cheek made it worthwhile.

“First of all, you should be at home getting better. Second of all, I don’t have any time to watch a child.”

“So you can be here at this charity kitchen?” Jay put a hand in his pant pocket. “How much are they paying you here?”

Nettie puffed up.

He must have offended her. Well too bad. “This is the work of the Lord. To feed hungry people.”

“I see.” Pulling out his money roll, he peeled off a five-dollar bill. “Take this and make sure Goldie gets her meals today and make a little dinner for me. We can call it a deal. To feed a hungry little girl at least. Six days a week and Sundays off, of course. I know that you don’t work on the Lord’s Day.”

He laid the money on the table. Peeling off two dollars, Jay put those on top. “That’ll be our breakfast money.”

His putting the bills on the table seemed to frighten Nettie. He picked them up and held the cash out to her instead. Little Country probably had never seen that much money in one place before in her life since before yesterday.

“I can’t take that.”

He put his money away into his pants pocket. “Sure you can. Don’t you think that it is the Lord’s work to watch over a motherless child and make sure she doesn’t get into trouble?”

“I tried to tell my sisters that and they didn’t listen.”

What? By the look on Nettie’s face, he knew she might have gotten into trouble by being with him all day yesterday. He clenched his good fist. He had berated her yesterday in his illness and she had braved the censure of her family to help him. Goodness did exist in the world. How sorry he was.

Jay wanted to reach over and comfort Nettie. Still, he had a need and she was the only one who could help him. On the other hand, she had interfered and she owed it to him. “I would appreciate any help you can give me.”

“And we’ll have lots of fun together,” Goldie insisted.

“I’m up here in Pittsburgh to help my sister with her baby and she’s due any day. I don’t know how long I can help.”

“Play it by ear. You might need to get some backup help if you have to help your sister with her baby. Let me know how much that costs.” Must have been the newspaperman’s wife and not the doctor’s wife. Still, who knew what women did? Jay pushed the money to Nettie. “Just for today. Please?”

“Please?” Goldie echoed him.

Nettie’s hand trembled a little as she took the money from his fingers, folded it with care and put it in a pocket on the front of her apron. “What time are you done?”

“By five.”

“I’ll need to go shopping. Your food supplies are low.”

“Daddy has an account at Mercer’s,” Goldie inserted.

“Goldie is right. Just put it on my tab there. It would be nice to have some meat for dinner. More food than what I got here.” Jay grinned, but Nettie still seemed stunned at her new position.

“Okay.” Her voice was a bare whisper.

“Bye, Daddy.” Goldie stood next to Nettie and slipped a hand into hers.

As he went up the stairs of the church, he kept that picture of the two of them in his mind. Something about that image of Goldie with her smoothed braids and Nettie with her perfect jazz-baby body, standing there together, seemed so right—perfect. It made it hard to leave them to wander all over the neighborhood, taking people’s pennies, nickels and dimes on the hopes that their chosen numbers might hit so they would be able to get the kind of money he had easily peeled off in Nettie’s stunned face.

Something about what he did seemed small and irrelevant, while Nettie, standing back there in the kitchen with his daughter, was the one doing the important work. But someone had to pay the bills and he was all that Goldie had.

Jay winced as the air hit him when he opened the door. This injury made even little things difficult. Wiping his brow with a clean handkerchief, he walked the two blocks from the church to get to his storefront where the fellows were surely wondering where he was and what had happened to him.

There wasn’t much time to assert his ownership of the franchise. If he didn’t show up, someone might want to return to finish off what Joe Griffiths had started.

Nettie slipped into her sister’s house with Goldie in tow. How had this all happened? She was just a country girl from Winslow, Georgia, and now, a little more than two weeks later, she had a job watching the child of a numbers man. Life had taken a funny turn.

“Ain’t this Solly’s house?” Goldie asked.

“Isn’t,” she corrected her new and temporary charge. “We may not be together long, but you need to learn how to speak properly and to comport yourself like a young lady.”

“I like learning your lessons. It will be fun.”

She smiled down at the child. Goldie was a real dear. “It’s Solomon’s house, where I’m living now.”

“We still have to go to Mercer’s.”

“I know. But we can eat lunch here, and you can play with Solomon for a bit before we go to Mercer’s and I take you back home.”

“Okay.”

Nettie called out to her nephew.

Solomon bounded down the steps with his silky black curls moving right with him. It was way past time for her nephew to get a haircut. Still, he squealed in excitement to see his female contemporary and took Goldie by the hand to the small backyard to play a good round of marbles.

Nettie wanted to slip into the kitchen to grab a few things to help with dinner, but a cough from the steps stopped her. Looking up, she saw her niece, four-year-old Maisie who descended the stairs with her mother. Her niece had the same curls her brother had, but her hair was a slightly different shade. Ruby had cleared her throat solely to get Nettie’s attention.

“What’s that child doing here?”

Maisie hugged Nettie’s legs and she patted her niece’s head. Suddenly, Maisie broke her hold on her aunt and ran out to the backyard to see what her brother and his playmate were up to.

Nettie straightened to face her fiery sister. “I’m taking care of her.”

“You’re what?” Ruby approached Nettie and folded her arms.

She faced her. “I’m her nanny. Just for today.”

“Adam told you to go to the charity kitchen and come back home.”

“And I have done that. I need to go back out to take Goldie home so I can fix dinner for her father.”

“Adam won’t like this.”

She fixed Ruby with a look. “Adam is not my husband. I answer only to the Lord.”

“How do you get yourself into these things?” Ruby followed her into the kitchen.

“I’m not doing it for long.” She turned to her sister as she rooted through Ruby’s cupboards. “I need some ingredients for dinner. He needs meat to build him up.”

Ruby nodded. She had no idea about cooking anything since they had a cook who did it for them. “If it’s just for today, Adam might not mind as much.”

“My brothers were the ones who thought it would be purposeful for me to have a vocation. Well, I have one. Being a nanny and a cook.” She reached into her pocket and waved a five-dollar bill in Ruby’s face. “He gave me this to take care of her.”

Ruby put a hand to her chest. “Blood money.”

“It doesn’t look any different to me.”

“That five-dollar bill is full of people’s hopes and dreams, Nettie. They gave it up in the hope to win something someday.”

She knew that what her sister was saying was true, but somehow she could not believe it of Jay Evans. God had given her an especial gift to look into people’s hearts, and she knew, even though she might not want to believe it, that he was a good man at heart. She didn’t know how she was going to prove it, but he was.

“Goldie is a motherless child.” She had borrowed Jay’s phrase. “She needs a guiding hand. Her braids were crooked. I don’t know if she did them or if he did them because he had only one good arm just now. It’s my work to help this little family and I’ll help them. This is a solid vocation and you all just need to leave me alone.”

Nettie took the seasonings that she had found in her sister’s cupboard and placed them inside of her reticule. She leaned over and kissed Ruby on her cheek then walked past her sister.

“Are you sure you aren’t attracted to him?”

Ruby’s question stopped her in her tracks. “I don’t know what you mean.”

Ruby stood behind her. “Jay Evans. He is handsome. He has a certain kind of rogue appeal, if you like that kind of thing. I know how you think. Lucifer was an angel before God kicked him out of heaven.”

“I’ve always wondered what he did to offend since God is a God of forgiveness,” She whispered softly.

“He disobeyed. Take care, baby sister. Do what you need to do today and then keep away from him.” Ruby reached over and kissed her cheek.

Ruby’s words rung in her mind as she walked down to Mercer’s with Goldie. Nettie shook her head to clear it.

Jay Evans was not a bad man. Just a misunderstood one.





Chapter Five


The picture of the two of them lingered in Jay’s head as he attempted to go about his business that day.

He hadn’t seen his little girl look so happy in such a long time. Goldie had a look of pure contentment on her little yellow-brown face, and he was glad he had finally done something to put it there. Nettie’s slender hand, which had fed him her delicious soup, had held on to his daughter’s smaller one, giving him good feelings and Goldie a sense of security that he had not had in years. What could he do to keep that look on Goldie’s face?

All of that was forced out of his mind when he opened the door to his storefront office and four of his runners jumped to their feet at the sight of him. Were they up to something or just shocked to see him without his usual suit on?

They surrounded him instantly. “What happened, Boss Man?”

He waved them off despite his pain and sat down at his cobbled-together desk. Most of the chairs in the storefront were cast-off, overstuffed chairs with ottomans where the men could put up their feet, but he did not encourage laziness. The job they performed as runners was named that for a particular reason. Jay, as the banker, was the only one who could be stationary, and he was for the most part. Today was a rare exception.

“Joe got drunk Saturday night on the wrong kind of bathtub stuff and accused me of misremembering his number. It’s all right.”

“I’ma going to take care of this, Boss Man.” K.C. patted his waist.

He frowned. He didn’t particularly like his runners to pack because it wasn’t necessary, but given what happened to him, maybe he had to rethink that rule. He hoped not.

“Leave it be, K.C. I’ll be fine. Anyone see Don?”

Another runner, Lem, spoke up, “His wife had her baby over the weekend. I don’t know, but he might be laying low today.”

He nodded. He had seen that coming, only he didn’t expect the happy event to occur at the same time when he was shot. He would have to do some running today himself. He didn’t dislike going out to see the clients, but given his situation, he needed to be careful. “We may have to take on a little more of his circuit today. I’ll go and get most of his bets.”

“Boss Man, you got to be well. Policy can’t go on without you if you get put down.” Lem was young, only eighteen, and Jay was honored that his high-yellow face was etched with worry.

“I’m taking care, little man, don’t worry about me.”

“It’s kinda shocking, Boss, seeing you out of your suits. I can see where Lem is coming from,” Matt, an older man, spoke up.

“You going down to the bank?” Lem asked.

“I’ve gotta get the number.” Jay spread out his good arm.

“Let one of us do it,” Lem urged.

He gave it some thought, but the integrity of his operations depended on him doing it. Days like this made it hard to think about leaving the game behind. His word meant something in this neighborhood—except to Joe Griffiths, unfortunately. He had to restore that, even if it tired him. “Matt can drive me down. Lem, you can come on with me if you want, but I have to go. Understood?”

Archie patted his waistband. “I be looking for Joe.”

He held up a hand. “But not hurting him. We don’t want that.”

“You can’t have anyone just thinking it’s okay to shoot you, Boss. No good,” Archie insisted.

“You have a point, Arch, but we got to get started today. I promised Goldie and her new nanny I would be home by five and with Don out, there’s more on all of us.”

“Goldie got another new nanny?” Lem rolled his eyes. “What about Eva?”

Eva was his client and she was working off her obligation by helping Jay with childcare. Why was Lem concerned? Jay waved his good hand. “I’ll write it off, little man. Don’t worry. The new nanny threw her out. It’s a long story.”

Lem smiled. “I would like to hear it on the drive down.”

“We’ll see.” He stood, ready to go meet some clients. “Let’s not linger.”

“Got it. A few clients first and then we’ll go down to get the number.”

“Precisely.”

The men agreed to let Jay have Don’s clients since they were closest to the storefront. By the time he met with them, he was spent. He could see Archie’s point about looking vulnerable. Maybe his injury might be a way of getting him out of the game. Was that what he was destined to do? Was that the game Nettie’s God was playing with him by letting him get shot?

What could he possibly do? Did he know how to exist without what they called policy in New York, el boleto? Jay had not even finished the eighth grade because his mother died when he was in the seventh grade, and his father pulled him out of school to take care of his younger siblings. By the time his father remarried, and started having more children, Jay had drifted from his family and was doing a man’s job by running errands and learning all about policy.

It was in the policy game where his mathematical gifts found a home, dealing with numbers—forwards, backwards and upside down. When he saw how well policy worked in New York, and knowing that there was no room for him there without more trouble, Jay brought it to Pittsburgh, where a cousin had married and moved.

It became easy for him to set up his own policy game where there wasn’t any, and it had been Jay’s for almost ten years now. The game afforded him the ability to live very well and to take care of his family, to get white doctors for Clara, even though it hadn’t worked, and to buy his daughter dresses. But what about him?

Jay pondered all of this as he rode in the backseat of the car with Lem, who had brought him a cup of soup from the diner down the street, where they usually ate. Jay sipped on the soup out of the container that Lem had handed him. The soup wasn’t as good as Nettie’s, but it was something to fill him. The skimpy breakfast Nettie served him was a long time ago. He smiled thinking of her smug satisfaction as she gave him the plate with the small portions on it.

Usually, as they neared the main bank in downtown Pittsburgh, they quieted. Though it was a very short drive from the Hill into downtown, it was an entire world away. They were entering the white world and he was a Negro with means that, despite any other inclination, had to be respected.

“Why you smiling, Boss?” Lem’s frown creased his face, knowing what they were about to be encountering.

“Just remembering how Goldie’s new nanny thought she was going to show me a thing or two at breakfast this morning.”

“Oh yeah? You said you were going to tell me about it.”

“After we finish our business. Let’s just say, she might be nannying more than one of us.”

“Especially since you got shot. She old or young?”

“Young. A few years older than you, maybe, but younger than me.” Jay was struck that he did not know how old Nettie was. Her old-timey clothes made her look older than she was, but Nettie’s youth and inexperience shone from her smooth brown features.

“Hey, Boss. Maybe you need a wife. Miss Clara been gone some time now.”

“Two years.”

“She pretty?”

Nettie’s slender sienna-brown face and her proud corona of jet-black hair appeared in his mind. No. Nettie wasn’t pretty. She was beautiful. “She’s good looking enough, I guess.” No point in betraying his thoughts to young Lem, but his hesitation told the younger man something.

Lem smiled. “I see. I wonder if Goldie’ll be by today.”

“Mind your own business, Lem.” He struggled painfully into his suit jacket and tie before he went into the main bank they called the Clearing House. It wouldn’t do to look any different. They didn’t want the white people to know he had got shot. Anyone at any time might want to come in to take over the game.

Matt edged the roadster to the curb, far enough away as not to occupy a prime parking space, but still close enough so he wouldn’t have to walk far.

Even though he was in pain, it didn’t take long for him to conduct his daily business at the Clearing House. He deposited the money and pulled the number for the day from the New York Stock Exchange. Relieved that was over, Jay slid himself into the car and shrugged out of the black suit coat and tie to relieve the pressure of the cloth on top of his wound.

He didn’t drink because he liked his head to be clear at all times, but, Lord, he would like something to take the edge off of his pain. He was feeling it now.

Despite Lem’s good-natured prodding, he did not respond to his attempts to find out more about Goldie’s nanny. He just sat back, closed his eyes and rested.

After posting the number and paying out to a cleaning woman who was ecstatic that her two-cent stake turned into twelve dollars, they went back to the storefront to begin the business of gathering client information for the next day.

Fortunately, this was the quietest part of the day, when he had less to do and he took the opportunity to relax. He contemplated sending a runner to Adam for more pain medication, but he held off, opting to do more tabulations.

After he had been working for a while, and thinking about getting a cup of coffee from the diner, he looked up. Through the glass of the storefront, he spotted Goldie walking by holding Nettie’s hand. His daughter pushed through the door and let Nettie in behind her.

Goldie was the only female allowed into this bastion of his, even just to visit. What would Nettie think? He watched as her eyes took in the space, with his desk in the back and the overstuffed chairs lined up in the front.

“Hi, Daddy! We’re about to go to Mercer’s for the dinner stuff and we wanted to say hey.”

“You’re saying it now, little girl.” He smoothed a hand over her hair. Her braids looked like an Indian princess—smooth and stick straight. “Did Miss Nettie help you with your hair?”

“She did.”

He gave Nettie a look, and the young woman squirmed.

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. It’s part of my job as her temporary nanny.”

He didn’t miss her pointed reference. Little Country had a way of getting her point across. Well, she owed him. Something.

Goldie tugged on Nettie’s hand. “Let’s go, we got stuff to do and Daddy’s calculating.”

Nettie smiled. “I’m sure he is.”

“I’ll see you at home soon, Ladies. Remember, I have the account, so get whatever you need.” He sat back down in his chair. “Send Goldie back down to let us know if you’d like a ride.”

“I’m sure we’ll be fine. The walk and fresh air are doing us a lot of good. Don’t work too much longer yourself.”

He opened his mouth to reassure her he wouldn’t, but Lem and Matt chose that moment to walk through the door. Jay waved them over, wiping his hands down his trousers. “This is Goldie’s new temporary nanny. They’re going to shop at Mercer’s. I’ve been told by Miss Nettie here that my larder is a little low so they may need some help.”

“I can pull around the car for them, Boss,” Matt advised.

“On second thought, your larder is quite low and it would be a lot to carry. Thank you, Mr. Matt.” Nettie bowed and both of the runners grinned all over themselves like fools. “Let’s go.”

Matt walked behind them. He held the open door for the ladies, and Jay was chagrined to notice Matt showed his white, even teeth as he followed Nettie and Goldie down the street. He had never even seen Matt’s teeth before.

He didn’t want to, but turned to Lem, who regarded him carefully. He decided to preempt the situation. “What you all doing here? You should be gathering. Did you finish up Don’s accounts?”

“All done, Boss Man. Got a few of mine left. I was just coming by to get some more slips.”

“Carry more on you. Never know who you might come across who wants to play,” Jay groused. He disapproved of the whole enterprise of writing down the bets, but not everyone had his proficiency with numbers.

“Sorry.” Lem gathered up some slips and tucked them into his suit-jacket pocket. “So. Miss Nettie is Goldie’s new nanny?”

“Yes. For now. Till I get another.” He sat down to his ledger, not wanting to admit how exhausted he was. Did the fact that Nettie brought it up make it so? He had a fleeting thought about what happened to Clara and his stomach twisted up. No time for him to go down like that. Not with Goldie needing so much.

“Good looking, huh?”

“If you say so.”

“No, Boss, that was what you said this morning.”

“All right. And?”

“She mighty fine, sir. Mighty fine.”

“She’s Goldie’s nanny, not horseflesh.”

“I know that. Where she come from?”

“Georgia. Just got here about two weeks ago. She’s the doctor’s sister-in-law.”

“Ahh. One of them good girls. How she fall in with you?”

“She’s the one who found me when I was shot.” Jay cleared his throat. Lem was probably the only runner of his he could admit that to since Lem looked up to him.

“So you owe her, huh? That’s why she got the nanny job?”

“No, Lem.” He let his impatience show to stop Lem’s ruminations. “You can see how Goldie likes her, and she’s a good cook. She doesn’t want the job anyway. Said she would only watch her today.”

“Why? You paying her well.”

“I surely am.” He put his pencil down. “But as you said, she’s one of the good ones. A churchwoman who wants nothing to do with a low, dirty criminal like me.”

Lem gave an unnecessary tug to the slips inside his suit jacket. “Oh, Boss Man. You can do better to convince her to keep on being Goldie’s nanny. You used to have moves, I know you did.”

Lem’s grin unsettled him and he tried to look busy. He arranged some slips and sat back. “Let’s hope so. Good nannies are not easy to come by.”

“Or a good country woman. Lot of the time, it’s the men who come up to work and send money back. When women come up, that’s the wives they sent for. A pretty young one like that by herself won’t last long. You be wanting a piece of that, you better act now. ’Less you not interested.”

Jay pushed back in his chair and used his most direct gaze on the young man. “You collect all your stakes?”

Lem waved. “I’m going. But I think I’ll go on by Mercer’s before I get my stakes up.”

He moved his jaw to make it loose. Nettie was a grown woman and she could handle a young wolf like Lem.

That sounded wrong. Even to him.

Maybe he should call it quits for the day. He was about to when he saw his roadster pass by the window with Nettie and Goldie in the backseat and Matt riding in front.

Matt beeped the horn and he lifted his good arm to wave.

Then Jay noticed Lem was next to Matt in the front seat. The sight of that young Red Bone wolf riding along in his roadster bothered him for the rest of the day because they had all smiled and waved as they passed by.

The sight, and his continued recollection after, gave him a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.

Jay had such nice employees. The gentlemen helped Nettie and her charge into the house with the groceries and assisted her in putting them away. They lingered, and she was on the verge of inviting them to join in the beef stew that she was going to make for dinner, but as soon as the last package was put in the icebox, they departed.

“They’ve got to get the stakes from the clients to make book,” Goldie explained as she pulled up a chair to help Nettie cut up some vegetables for the stew. She had given the little girl a dull knife and some celery to cut and be productive, but not do any damage to her fingers.

She did not understand a word that Goldie had just said. Instead, she asked a different question, “What about school for you?”

Goldie shrugged her shoulders. “Sometimes school is in, sometimes not. This month, until the beginning of the next, is Easter break. Then we’ll go back for a little while.”

She shook her head, not understanding. There was no cotton to harvest like there was at home. “That schedule doesn’t make sense. Pittsburgh isn’t a farming place, so why are you out?”

“My school is too crowded so we go to school in shifts. Daddy says not too many folk up here is too concerned with little Negro children going to school all the time.”

She forced herself to keep her lips together. She had come up here for better opportunities, but this was one way in which Winslow was ahead of Pittsburgh. Shifts? In education? This must be why Solomon had tutors. It helped that both of his parents had advanced educations. But what about Goldie? “So when you have those long breaks, you just are with whatever nanny you happen to have at the moment?”

“Yes. Besides, Daddy says that I’m a girl, and since he has money, I don’t have to worry about too much education.”

Something in her stomach clenched at the little girl’s words, so clearly articulated, already set in stone. What kind of father was he, thinking his money could protect the child from life? The more she engaged with this family, the more horrified she was.

“Well, we’ll see after we set the stew how well you can read. My family’s made up of all girls, and even though my parents were poor, my older sisters managed to get high school diplomas. You probably know Solomon’s mother is a nurse—she has more education.” Nettie lowered her head after putting some carrots into the stewpot. “I’m still trying to finish my high school diploma. I got a little off track while I was touring the country, but it’s important to be educated.”

Goldie seemed very solemn as she cut up her celery chunks. “Yes, ma’am.”

When they read together later on, it was as Nettie thought. Goldie was a very bright child, but long breaks and shifts of school weren’t doing her any good.

Dear God, how much clearer could you be that this child needs me? Is working in the charity kitchen at the church good enough to serve you? Was the numbers kingpin right after all?

She grasped at her arms as she thought over that last question. To have Jay Evans be correct—

Goldie tripped over another word as she read her fairy tale and Nettie helped her.

Her brothers-in-law were so anxious for her to find a vocation. Was taking care of Goldie all she was intended to do?

While teaching Goldie how to make biscuits, she got an idea. So many rooms at the church went empty for the week. If the city wouldn’t see to consistent education for Negro children, then maybe she could. She’d start up a school for the children during those long breaks, so they didn’t have to be at loose ends. Such a school might keep her from being more directly engaged with Jay Evans too.

Nettie kneaded the biscuit dough with purpose and pinched some of it off to drop on the bubbling stew for dumplings, rolling out the rest to make biscuits. Teaching Goldie one of her family’s favorite hymns, she gloried in having some purposeful work.

At precisely ten after five o’clock, the front door to the frame house opened and Jay was there, filling the door with his bulk. Nettie set aside the book that she was reading aloud to Goldie and stood.

“Is that wonderful smell in my house?” he marveled as Goldie went to her father and clasped him about his legs.

“It’s stew, Daddy. I helped Miss Nettie to make it, and then we made the biscuits and put some of it on top and she said it was dumplings and we made a pudding for dessert, and I got to lick the bowl.”

“Slow down, little treasure.” Jay cupped his daughter’s face and released her, focusing his hazel gaze on his child. “I want a report from Miss Nettie too, to see if you were a good girl today.”

“I was good, Daddy. I always am. Good as gold.” Goldie smiled and sat back down on the couch.

“Well, Little Country?”

“We had a good day” Nettie drew out, “but I want to know what you mean by telling this child that she doesn’t need to go to school.”

“I didn’t say that.” Jay gave a laugh.

It stirred her emotions in a way that she didn’t like. A way that was not good for her. “That’s what Goldie said you said. Children are a blank slate—she heard what you said.”

“Goldie goes to school when they have it. They have a long break this month—they go back after Easter.”

“And it’s okay for her mind to lie fallow because she is a girl?”

“No. I mean, she needs to learn things that girls should know. She can help you. She was a help to you today, wasn’t she?” Jay gave Goldie a menacing look and she nodded her head adorably.

“She was. But I just don’t like these prevailing notions that somehow a Negro girl doesn’t need to learn because she’s a Negro girl. There has to be more to it than that.”

Jay folded his arms and regarded her.

The squirmy feeling inside of her returned.

“And what is your education, Miss Nettie?”

She stuck out her chin. “I graduated eighth grade. I’ve been working on my high school diploma. By correspondence.”

He unfolded his arms and stuck them into his pockets.

Well, she did have more education than Jay did. Instead of feeling superior over him, she balled her own fists. She shouldn’t have made him feel less. “But I haven’t finished yet. I was on a revival tour and stopped my studies. Now that I’m in one place, I intend to go back to it.”

“Good for you.” His jaws were tightened in way that let her know he was still mad. “What has that got to do with Goldie?”

“I don’t want her to be like me. I’m going to ask about starting a school down at Freedom Christian. If I can do it, I would like Goldie to come.”

“So you’ll still take care of Goldie then? Beyond today?”

Was that what his approach was all about? Taking care of Goldie? Well, she had said only one day…

“I suppose the tasks could overlap.” Nettie folded her hands.

A broad grin covered Jay’s face. He reached into a pants pocket and pulled out some more bills. Twenty dollars.

Her heart pounded. “I cannot take all of that.”

“It’s your pay for the rest of the week.”

“I cannot take all of that,” Nettie repeated, like a parrot.

“Use it to get supplies to start the school, then and stuff you need. If it will ‘overlap’. Come on. Help me put my blood money to good use in the church.”

“I don’t even know if the church will let me do it.”

“Well, you can always give it back.” His smile seemed to mock her, but he was right.

She took the money with a shaking hand and put it inside her reticule. “I’ll get going so you and Goldie can eat.”

“Should I bring her by the church in the morning?”

“Yes, I suppose so.”

“We’ll see you then. Good night, Miss Nettie.”

Nettie tipped her head. “Mr. Evans.” She left the house in some shock, but gripped her reticule with a fist, lest someone take it in this cold, cold city.

She was so glad the idea had occurred to her about the school. Now, she do some good. The idea should suit both of her brothers-in-law in their quest to let her have some suitable vocation.

Still, something loomed in Nettie’s heart. Her hands stayed slick on the bag. She could not shake the feeling. The plan meant she was still involved in Jay Evans’s life.

That might not be good for her.





Chapter Six


He felt fine about taking his daughter into the church basement.

But Jay would never go up into the sanctuary where Clara had held out a scrawny hand to rejoice in a God who chose not to save her. Furthermore, he did not wish to remember a beautiful faith healer who made promises that she could not keep.

At some point, he would have to tell Nettie about how he had known her before. Doc will probably tell her. Just to keep her away from us.

He dreaded the morning Nettie would tell him that she couldn’t work for him anymore. Her food, the appearance of the house, how she nursed his wound so well. He would miss her.

So, day after day, he kept taking Goldie to the church basement, and Nettie would be there, greeting him and Goldie with a smile. Each day she would pass them their breakfast plates and add a little more to his mound of food. Each night he would look forward to the delicious meal she’d created. Whatever it was, she would leave the food hot on the stove. He would watch her as she carefully donned her gloves and hat and left him and Goldie to their dinners.

“Since tomorrow is Sunday, I presume that you will not need me?” Nettie’s beautiful neck tilted a bit as she hooked the little button on her glove.

He didn’t like the act of Nettie covering her wrist because it meant that she was leaving. What would it be like to kiss the inside of that wrist just one time? He pushed away the thought of such an intimate action, and he startled to see Nettie staring at him with her luminous eyes.

“Oh yes. I guess not.”

Monday. All of a sudden the day seemed far off. Something inside of him sank like a ship, reminding him of how he had come to the United States as a terrified boy.

Her brown eyes warmed, looking at him. “You’re welcome to come to worship in the church, Mr. Evans. There would be Sunday school for Goldie and they have light pastries in the morning, not full breakfast.”

“Sounds great, Daddy.” Goldie’s small hand folded inside his own. “Let’s go down.”

“I don’t think so.” Where had his quick response come from?

Dread. Dread at the thought of going up into that sanctuary. Too many memories. He spoke up, “We can eat toast right here.”

Her smile went away and instantly he had to make it right and let that smile come back. Jay never wanted to cause Nettie any sadness, even if she had done a terrible thing.

“Remember, after church everyone goes to Asa’s mother’s house for lunch. It’s a cold supper since there cannot be work on the Lord’s Day, but it’s a big, noisy family gathering with lots of children. Solly will be there for Goldie. I intend to make my announcement about starting a morning school.”

“I doubt Mrs. Caldwell wants to see me.”

His heart leapt as they smiled at one another.

There had been more back-and-forth with Asa’s mother at the charity kitchen. Mrs. Caldwell kept firmly in the kitchen, away from him, lest someone know she put down stakes on policy. All week, it was like an inside joke between him and Nettie. He knew that Nettie was not fooled by the hypocrisy on the stuffy church lady’s part.

However, Nettie’s slender face was very serious right now. “It’s not for us to judge others who want to come to church. We all belong.”

“It didn’t go too well the last time I was in church, so I think I’ll sit it out.” Jay tried to keep his voice light, but too much of the past weighed his tone down.

“How’s that?” And she stood there. Rather than hurry off home as she usually did, Nettie waited to hear him out, inviting and open, listening.

“Me and God, we’ve had some clashes on a few things, and so, I just think it isn’t a good idea right now.”

“What about Goldie?” Nettie gestured to his daughter who, much to his chagrin, was hanging on to every word.

Nettie had a point about Goldie. Clara would have liked it if Goldie went to Sunday school. With the doctor’s kid, Goldie knew someone whom she could go with. It might be okay for her. He was about to open his mouth and make arrangements for Nettie to take her, but then, Nettie spoke.

“I’m sure her mother would have wanted her to know of God’s love.”

She went too far.

Little Country was an innocent in so many ways and she probably was just reaching out, but he had to let her know not to rub salt into his wound. There was too much pain about Clara’s death already.

“Goldie, go sit in the dining room to get ready for dinner. I’ll be there in just a second.”

Goldie was surprised at his tone, but she obeyed, he knew, because he rarely spoke to her in that way. He waited until he could hear his daughter plant her little behind in her seat.

Turning to Nettie, He stood right next to her, over her, so he could be understood. He knew his height would make a difference. But then Jay caught a whiff of the spicy scent Nettie must have used in her hair and his stomach quaked. How long had it been since he’d smelled something like that?

Jay swallowed and spoke in a low tone—the one he used when one of his runners had messed up someone’s stake—ignoring the wide set of her eyes, “You’ve got to know. I appreciate what you have done. Goldie has had a good time and has been well behaved. You even straightened out her braids. You saved me from where I was in the gutter and took me to the doc. I’m grateful for that. But…don’t you dare tell me what Goldie’s mother would have wanted. You don’t know anything about us. You came in here and got rid of what I had set up for our help. You and your food have been better, but this is too much.”

Now he had done it. She wouldn’t want to come back. His runners had to put up with him talking to them that way, but she didn’t. No more of her delicious beef stew, juicy chicken or steak dinners. He gulped at the thought. He had really messed up this time.

But Nettie didn’t back down.

She didn’t run away.

She held up a gloved hand, the one he had watched her button up, and faced him head on. “I apologize if I have offended you in any way. I just know that Goldie’s mother was a woman of faith and—”

“How?”

“Excuse me?”

“How do you know that Clara was a woman of faith? Someone at that nosy church say something about the poor policy man’s wife?”

“I do not gossip, Mr. Evans. I could tell because of the faith texts still here in the house, things not yours.”

Jay sorrowed for Nettie, but he had to let her know how he felt. “Your family? They tell you?”

“I’m sorry to say that my family has not been saying much to me since I have been coming here. They do not approve of my new job, another good reason for the school. It’s a job I can do and not be here. With you.”

He almost stepped back at her revelation. He took in Nettie’s determined stance with a new measure. So she was going against her family by being Goldie’s nanny?

Her rebellion took guts, Jay knew. He admired Nettie for it. What would they think if he started to court her?

He remembered how Lem and Matt looked at the young woman. They would be willing to pay her that kind of attention. Lem had indicated several times that he was going to go to church just to get Nettie to look at him.

Still, the thought of having to face even more disapproval made Jay angrier and he burst out, “Sorry to hear that. If it’s so difficult for you, maybe you should stop coming here.”

Her beautiful eyes were less wide as they narrowed, fixing on him. “Are you firing me, Mr. Evans?”

“No. No. Of course not. I just wouldn’t want you to be in any kind of trouble in your home situation.”

“I can handle what I must, Mr. Evans. I’m about doing what’s right. I’m willing to work in accordance to his plan, not my family’s.”

“And what if you didn’t have a place to live? Would your God provide for you then?”

She faced him full-on and there was no embarrassment or shaking in her voice. “I know that he would.”

“It must be nice to be so sure. Clara was so sure. But she died in pain because she believed. What a nice outcome for her—a woman who had never done anyone any harm.”

“I’m sorry to hear she died in such a way.” Nettie’s voice was truly full of sympathy, not a fake concern as he had heard from so many women who wanted to replace Clara in his life. Did she really care that much?

He swallowed. Now was not the time.

“She believed in a faith healer, someone who came to Freedom Christian and told her that if she believed, she would be well.”

“A faith healer?” Her perfectly shaped eyebrows furrowed. “What’s that?”

“Clara went to a revival one night at Freedom Christian with some brother and sister act. I carried her in. They came up to touch her and professed to heal her.”

“Was I there?” Nettie put her glove to her chest.

“You were.”

The two words made a complete silence between them. Tears welled up in her eyes so instantly that her show of emotion could not be fake. Her tears made him feel pain for her, and caused the sting of hurt tears in him. And to his humiliation, for one to slowly fall.

How dare she make him cry? To bring all of that back?

Jay was about to whisk his tear away, but then Nettie touched him. Her gloved hand reached out from her chest to his arm. Oh, how badly he wanted to take his arm away, but her touch was like a balm to his wound.

He would use words instead. “She died that night.”

“I’m so sorry,” Nettie offered, “but you must know that we never, ever profess to heal.”

“You made Clara believe she would be better.”

“Oh, Mr. Evans. We have only ever been about bringing God’s word forward, not ever about healing. That would be to take on his mighty power, and we are just humans. Revivals are about bringing comfort to those who need it. That’s all the revivals are for.”

He blinked. He blinked again. And again.

It was a mighty struggle to keep more tears from coming down his face, but he couldn’t help it. They came and the pain behind his eyes stung like knives.

“She thought she was better,” he croaked out, his tears an immense relief. A heaviness in his heart lifted. He had never, ever talked to anyone about this before. He didn’t know how he had been carrying it around inside, like a stone pressing on him.

“Is that what she said? Really?”

“When we left, Clara said she felt better. That is what she said.”

“She felt better because maybe it was something we offered—a prayer, a song, a clasping of hands—that made her feel ready to go. She sounds like a good, honest soul. I’m sorry she departed this earth, but I rejoice. She knew she was cleansed in love before she went from you.”

Her words pushed the bullet deeper into his shoulder—which he’d thought was close to healed by now. “Your rejoicing means that Goldie has no mother. And I’ve no wife.”

“Mr. Evans, I…”

If he didn’t reach up to wipe away the wetness on his face, he wouldn’t have to acknowledge this all had happened to him. “I think you should leave now.”

The single track of tears that coursed down his face allowed Jay to see how Nettie’s cheeks were wreathed in tears. Still, this moment of mutual crying made him want to hold her in his arms, to bring that floral scent closer to him.

No. That would be wrong—a sin even he could not commit. Now he had done it. He’d ensured she would not be back. Well, maybe it was all for the best. Once she left, he and Goldie would be alone. Besides, it was her fault for making Clara believe she was healed.

Nettie broke their touch, used her gloved hands to wipe the tears from her face and adjusted her hat. “I’m sorry, Mr. Evans.”

“Good night, Miss Nettie.”

She walked to the door and a small blur raced past Jay to grasp at her legs.

“Don’t leave us, Miss Nettie. Come and have supper. Daddy is sorry too.”

“Goldie,” he lowered his tone again, “get out of here. Now.”

Nettie opened the door and walked out, quiet and dignified.

Goldie went to the window and pressed her small face to it, watching Nettie disappear down the hill. “She’s gone now and she won’t come back, Daddy, because you shouted at her.”

“I wasn’t shouting.”

“Yes you were. You were shouting and she hates us now. She’s the only person who cared about me since Mama died and now she is gone. I hate you.”

Goldie ran upstairs to her room and shut the door. Her words pushed that bullet in even deeper. Anything he did just caused pain to the women in his life and Jay was at a loss to fix the problem. He did not know how.

A small voice from somewhere deep inside of him urged him to pray, but he squelched the impulse and pushed it deep down.

Nettie’s plan was to sneak into Ruby and Adam’s front door, profess not to be hungry and go up to the privacy of her room. Nettie wanted to rest so that she would be ready for church tomorrow, even as a dull ache filled the center of her chest and threatened to spread to her head.

However, as she slipped in the door, her niece and nephew greeted her on the front bench in the hallway. Hmmm. She suspected they were standing sentry, ready to tell their mother when Nettie came home. Maisie came right to her and hugged her around her legs where Goldie had just been. Solomon, as an older and wiser child, seemed fearful when he saw her. “What happened to you, Aunt Net?”

“Nothing, Solly. Why?”

“Did that numbers man hurt you?”

“No.” She spoke the truth, but children knew. They always knew.

Solomon took some cautious steps back at first and then ran into the kitchen.

Faster than she could get up the stairs, Ruby was there in an instant, grabbing at Nettie’s wrist, inspecting her. “Did he hurt you? Adam keeps my gun locked up, but I have some other weapons at the ready to finish the job they started on him last week.”

She put a hand to her mouth. “Ruby, such violence is uncalled for.” She swallowed the threat of tears.

“Not when my baby sister comes home with red eyes, hat askew and stained gloves.” Ruby reached up and took off Nettie’s hat, putting it on the bench where her children had been. “He better not have touched you.”

“He didn’t hurt me. If anything, I hurt him. He thinks that I caused his wife’s death.” The tears threatened to start afresh. “I just want to go upstairs and lie down.”

Ruby’s iron grip intensified. “No. It’s time for dinner and talk. Come into the wash closet and wipe your face. Time for family to help you.”

Ruby guided her into the dining room and there they all were again. Her family. People who loved her and meant to be a help in times of stress and strain, but now, she wanted to run from their very presence.

“I’m not hungry. He didn’t hurt me. He thinks that I killed his wife. I would never hurt anyone.” Nettie’s throat filled with tears again at the thought that Jay would believe that she could hurt his wife.

It hurts more because you care for him.

Nettie tried to push away the memory of how she’d thrilled to the way that his chest felt as she helped him get around and to the way that his arm felt underneath her fingertips just now. Take me now, dear Lord. How could she have these terrible bad feelings?

This city, this place made her lose her way. That’s what it was. Her special connection, formed when she was young and ill, was broken.

All because of a man. A policy kingpin. No, a numbers man. A gambler.

“I would never use my gifts to hurt anyone.”

“Net, sit down.” Ruby guided her to a chair at the table and forced her to sit down. “We know all of that. Tell us what happened.”

Nettie took the handkerchief that Asa offered her and told them what just happened. She wiped her eyes and blew her nose. She made a mental note to hand launder Asa’s handkerchief—it was so thoughtful of him to give it to her.

When she was done telling her story in a slow, halting voice, she looked over at Adam who wore a very stern look on his face. He usually didn’t look like that and she was alarmed. “What is it, brother?”

“I can’t betray any confidences, but I was brought in on Clara’s case. I think you were still in school, Ruby, and might not remember but I do.”

“And?” Ruby’s arms were still around Nettie, clearly ready to take up any fighting cause for her baby sister.

“Clara had a very advanced case of wasting disease. There was nothing I could do for her. Mr. Evans opted not to believe me and took her to a white doctor, who told her the same thing that I did. If anything, she did not seek medical treatment when she first started feeling pain. Given what Jay Evans does for a job, I wonder if her delay in seeking medical treatment was due in some part to her unhappiness.”

“Oh, Adam.” Ruby breathed in.

“That’s terrible.” Mags hugged her gigantic stomach.

“To be fair, I don’t know for sure. That’s speculation,” Adam quickly said. “However, as a doctor, I see a lot.”

“Sometimes, Negroes don’t get medical treatment because they think they don’t deserve it.” Asa’s quiet voice gave them some pause.

Asa’s disability with his left leg had come about because of initial lack of treatment, so Adam’s first diagnosis about Clara might not have been correct.

The thought rocked her perspective. Adam was so smart; how could he be wrong? He was a doctor, a Negro doctor when there weren’t that many, even though he had passed as white to get his education up in Michigan. The realization was so large she couldn’t take it all in.

“That’s true,” Adam allowed. There was quiet again. “I still think that Nettie has done enough nannying in this situation.”

“I agree.” Ruby was firm.

“I do too,” Mags said.

“I don’t. Doesn’t anyone care what I think?” Nettie’s voice had steadied. No more tears.

“We do care,” Adam told her gently. “It’s just that young women are very impressionable.”

“What?” Nettie was confused.

“Sister…” Ruby was gentle too, “…you have admitted to me that you have feelings for him.”

“What?” Now it was Mags’s turn to be confused.

Asa straightened in his chair. The countenance of the investigative reporter came over him. She had to put a stop to that.

“No. No. Ruby, you have misunderstood. I care about Goldie, the motherless child who needs love and guidance since her father is busy.”

“Because he’s off gambling.”

“He does not play.” Nettie had come to Jay’s defense, and she could see in their eyes how her defense of him meant to them that she had feelings for him. She couldn’t win.

Nettie lifted her hands and let them drop in her lap. “I’m going upstairs. Thank you for your concern, but I want to be alone just now.”

She knew that no one would conflict with her on that. The time she spent in quiet contemplation was her ace in the hole, and a reason so many felt she had a special connection.

Yes, it was best to go to the special space to see if her special gift had left her.

Despite relaxing and reading the Bible in the quiet of her room, Nettie did not have a special feeling. Maybe it was because she had not been in church last Sunday, even though she had been there nearly every day at the charity kitchen.

Or maybe it was because she was in the city and her connection was in the country. In that case, she would have to go back to Winslow, a choice that had some appeal because she’d get to see her parents again. However, it really didn’t seem to be a place where she was needed. Not anymore. Not when someone needed her here.

Maybe it was because of Jay Evans and the way that his chest had rippled underneath her fingertips. The very thought of touching him, and of seeing his lips move, his bright smile and the way his eyes lit up when he was teasing her—all of those things broke her connection.

She needed to get on her knees, to ask him for forgiveness for these strange feelings she had for a sinful man. She had to be cleansed somehow.

The time to go to church seemed very far away indeed.





Chapter Seven


Nettie had made them a delicious dinner of bean soup, with thick chunks of ham, and cornbread. He had said something to her about not having had cornbread in a long time and how he loved eating it with buttermilk. So she made cornbread. For him.

After they ate, he and Goldie sat there on the couch for a long time and held one another. Before he knew it, Goldie had fallen asleep. It was a bit of a struggle, but his shoulder felt so much better that he carried her upstairs in her overalls, put Goldie in her little room and kissed her forehead.

She had worn herself out crying and Jay’s heart twisted at the white salt tracks on her face. He had put them there. Did Nettie have them too? Or had she forgotten about them already?

He wouldn’t blame her if she had. The things he had said…he needed to be alone in his office to deal with the guilty feelings washing over him. It was almost as if he had been carrying around the pain about Clara for so long he was compelled to share it with someone who’d shown him the least little bit of compassion or caring.

Her words put a new perspective on things. Looking down at the soup beginning to thicken in the pot, his stomach tightened at remembering what she’d said, and thinking he might have been wrong. Jay had been so sure that the brother and sister with the beautiful singing and Nettie formed some type of racket or scam. Scams were a part of his world, and someone like him had to stay on the alert. Jay wouldn’t have survived off of that boat from the West Indies if he hadn’t. It was the way he was brought up.

The thought had never occurred to him that they were comfort bringers.

Jay sat down with another bowl of soup and a chunk of cornbread and began to eat. It was delicious, but his head hurt trying to remember what they had said or done with Clara.

If he were being honest with himself, he couldn’t remember that day so clearly. Maybe there had been no promise to heal. They had prayed with her. Right after, Clara insisted she felt better.

He pushed the bowl away, unable to finish the soup, and went upstairs to bed.

But had a promise been made?

The wound in his shoulder felt better each day, and he was sure that was because he and Goldie were eating better than they ever had—no matter what cook he had hired. Jay was being taken care of—a new sensation. His body had responded to that, and he almost felt ready to lose the sling. He wanted it off since it made him look weak. He would ask the doctor about it tomorrow.

Then he remembered that tomorrow was Sunday, and the doctor would be at church.

So would Nettie.

If he viewed the sanctuary at Freedom Christian as the last place where Clara had obtained comfort before going to her eternal rest—instead of as the place where Clara had been scammed out of her life—then he would take Goldie down there. Jay didn’t know if he could take it, or wanted to go inside, but he knew that his daughter would be okay there. Clara would have wanted that.

Which is what Nettie had said.

So why had he never thought of it that way before?

Since they were serving just pastries at the charity kitchen in the morning, Nettie slept in, glad for the extra rest before having to go down to the church and Sunday school. She wanted to take a little bit of time to think over her plans to establish the school.

The church officials had agreed with her plans but she sought to use some of the preservice time to think about organizing the closet they’d given her for school supplies. Mags was the natural organizer among them—too bad she was indisposed and waiting for her baby to come.

Still, she knew she needed more rest to avoid puffy eyes. When she’d woke up, they were still a little swollen, and she decided to lie on the bed with a compress over her eyelids to reduce the swelling.

She had never felt so helpless or misunderstood. Her instincts failed her. Everything had seemed clear back home. And when she’d traveled all over the United States with Brother Carver and Sister Jane, their mission was vivid. Here, everything was mixed up and cloudy, just like the Pittsburgh weather, and the answers weren’t clear at all anymore.

She lay back down on the bed with the compress on her eyes. She must have dozed off for a minute, because she was jolted awake by the sound of a little fist knocking on the door. It sounded as if Solomon or Maisie needed her. She took the compress off of her eyes and saw the door ease open. Solomon and Goldie stood there in front of her.

“Aunt Net,” Solomon intoned, his gray eyes meeting hers. He had a ring of white sugar around his mouth. So did Goldie. “Goldie says she’s coming to church with us. Her pops just left her here.”

She sat up to look behind the sugar-mouthed children, as if she could see down the stairs. “Is your father still here, Goldie?”

Goldie nodded, licking her fingers free of sugar. Clearly they had been into the doughnuts. “He said he wanted to ask the doctor about his shoulder before you all went to church. When we came, he asked Miss Ruby if I could go with you all, and she said to come up here and ask you.”

She scooted off of the bed, patting her hair. “Of course, honey. That’s fine.” She gave Goldie an absentminded hug as she edged past her, astonished at things could change.

What did this all mean? Did it mean that Jay agreed with her? That Jay was not averse to Goldie coming to church? Would he come too? She was still dressed in her nightgown and could not be seen. If only she had seen fit to dress, she could have gone down and asked him.

But then she thought better of it. She leaned into the doorway, listening. Jay’s deep voice boomed from the hallway; he was clearly about to go out the front door.

“Don’t worry about Goldie,” Adam told Jay. “We’ll take good care of her today. You need to rest so that you can continue to heal.”

“I’m doing well, Doctor, thanks to Nettie’s good cooking. Look,” Jay responded, “you all may not approve of her working for me, but she has made a difference in our lives and I’m grateful. She’s going to start this school at the church. It’s a good thing she’s doing there.”

“Yes, Nettie has a good heart.”

“I want to help her in any way that I can.”

She thrilled to hear the numbers kingpin say that.

Now, if only someone would invite him to come to church.

Ruby said something that she couldn’t hear. She was torn. If she edged any closer to the stop of the staircase, Jay would see her. In her nightgown. But she had to know. She couldn’t help it. She hated that she couldn’t hear what was being said.

“I can come by to pick Goldie up.” Jay tilted his head up. He saw her!

She scrambled back to where the children were, but he had already seen her in the long nightgown and head wrap, with swollen eyes.

“No, we can drop her off at home—you get your rest. We’ll see you later.” Adam let Jay out and she could hear the creak of the heavy wooden front door closing shut.

“Good bye, Little Country.” The deep voice rang out as the front door closed behind Jay.

She gripped at her nightgown, wishing she could say something back, but he was gone.

Since she had scooted back, Adam and Ruby’s ensuing conversation was out of earshot too, but she put an arm around Goldie’s shoulder. “Come on, you can help me get ready.”

“Oh good, I’ve wanted to see your closet for some time now, to see what you might wear that would be better for you.” Goldie headed for the wardrobe in her room with the authority of a grown woman.

“Not with those sticky fingers, you won’t.” She took the girl by the shoulders and turned her around. “Go down to the water closet and wash your hands and face.”

Goldie smiled as Solomon stood there watching her and asking his aunt, “Is Goldie’s Daddy your friend?”

“You wash too.” Nettie shooed him away, and she was sure that her face was as red as her eyes were.

The ministers at Freedom Christian were pleased to hear more about Nettie’s plans for a school and granted permission for her to use the sanctuary during the week. She planned to let the children have breakfast in the charity kitchen and then take the children up to the sanctuary. They would have Bible lessons, practice some reading out loud, as well as memorize Scripture, and do math problems in their heads.

Since she could play a little piano and sing, there would also be music. When it was over, the children would have an exercise in charity by helping to get the tables ready for lunch in the kitchen in the basement. It was the perfect arrangement and she could barely contain her excitement at the possibilities.

When Sunday school was over, she went up the stairs with Solomon on one side of her and Goldie on the other. Maisie was a little jealous, but she promised her niece a special treat later if she was nice to their visitor. Patience was hard for the four-year-old, she could tell, but Maisie was well-behaved.

Some in the congregation stared and pointed, as Nettie came into the sanctuary with the children, but she preferred to think it was because they were happy to see her after she was missing last week, not because they knew who Goldie was. However, given Goldie’s outgoing personality, she smiled and waved at everyone as if she were a little celebrity.

She whispered to her charge just once and it was enough for Goldie put a lid on that kind of show, thankfully.

She refrained from sitting in the Morson pew, as it was dubbed, and sat with Goldie up front. Solomon was chagrined he had to sit with his family, but when he saw his mother gesturing to him sternly, Solomon knew he had no choice but to obey. The ministers had promised her a minute in the service to talk about her school, and she wanted to be nearby and be able to keep an eye on Goldie at the same time.

She had been up front before, when the revival had come here, but she had a hard time warming up to the vast worship space at Freedom Christian. It would serve her well for her school, but at the same time it lacked the warmth of little First Water back home in Georgia. Still, it was the space where they all worshipped together, so she bent, prayed and sang along with everyone else to make sure Goldie could see how she should behave. Nettie also made sure they read the text of the sermon together.

When she closed her Bible, Goldie leaned over and whispered, “You have a pretty voice, Miss Nettie.”

Nettie patted Goldie’s hand and looked to the pulpit. Reverend Dawson nodded to let her know it was time to make the announcement. She stepped in front of the congregation, not up to the pulpit, and spoke from her heart.

“Good morning, everyone. Ever since my arrival in this town, I have seen something is needed to keep the minds of our youth occupied. So, I’m announcing there will be a school here in the sanctuary on Monday through Friday mornings. This session will last until the children are due to go back to school on Easter Monday. The children should arrive at 8:00 a.m. for breakfast. After breakfast, we’ll proceed here to read, memorize Scripture, practice reading skills and do math problems.

“I plan to prepare a music program as well that we’ll present in church on Easter Sunday morning. Lunch will be provided to the children after they assist in getting the dining hall ready for our charity-kitchen recipients. If you don’t want them to have lunch, they will be sent home.

“I have sign-up slips with me, so please see me after church so that I may obtain an accurate counting of the children coming. All children up to the eighth grade are welcome. Thank you.”

When she sat, Goldie had a look on her face resembling awe. “You’re so beautiful and brave, Miss Nettie. Weren’t you scared?”

She paused then whispered, “Through him, I know all things are possible. You should feel that way too.”

The little girl leaned into her shoulder and Nettie put an arm around her, exulting in the innocence of a child. She may have been uncertain of her purpose in Pittsburgh, but the girl’s need was clear to her.

When Brother Carver died, she felt more lost than Sister Jane did. At least Sister Jane had her son to go to in Florida when she stopped the revival life. She did not know what to do. Everyone had always thought that Mags and Delie were the ones who were good with children. She had bought in to that.

Now she could see, because of Goldie, she had a contribution to make and a purpose in life. She liked feeling useful. Goldie would be able to be here in the mornings and Nettie was being paid for her time. She resolved to use her earnings to help the church and the charity kitchen. Living with her sister and brother-in-law, she didn’t need anything, although according to Goldie, she could use a new wardrobe. Dear child. Who in the world would she need to be dressed up for?

Jay Evans.

The two words came unbidden to her mind and she shook her head, not sure where they had come from.

Things always got so cloudy here in Pittsburgh.

Ever since Mags married Asa nearly four years ago, the Bledsoe sisters were welcome to bring their families to Asa Caldwell’s mother’s house for lunch. They would be there. Asa’s four sisters and their children, who attended a different church uptown, would also come.

Given how often people were having children, not to mention families growing with new arrivals like Nettie, this meant that Mrs. Caldwell had to have cold lunch prepared every week for thirty people. But she loved it, Asa assured them, and Nettie could see that she did.

Elodie Caldwell didn’t smile that broadly at the church kitchen, nor was she as friendly there. However, when they came into the house, Mrs. Caldwell leaned over and gave Goldie a pat on the head. She guided them over to the buffet of cold roasted meats, breads, chilled desserts and fruit.

There were lots of Caldwell cousins to play with and Goldie made friends with some of Asa’s nieces. The gatherings every week were of one big, happy family, and somewhat reminiscent of how it once was in Georgia before the Bledsoe sisters started going northward.

“It was like a mob surrounded me after church. I gathered thirty slips,” Nettie told Asa when he asked her about the school. “Quite a lot.”

One of Asa’s sisters threw back her head and laughed. “I wouldn’t let word get around the Hill that you are having a school during the break—honey, that sanctuary would be packed.”

Several of the parents chuckled, each of them in on some kind of joke that she did not know. There was such mystery in the marital bond and parental connections. Funny how she had always supposed that she would not ever know about any of it.

Still, seeing Goldie with a smile of satisfaction on her small brown face, eating healthy food and having braids that were not crooked, brought something else to Nettie’s heart that was very satisfying. And made her yearn to know more about those mysteries—all of them.

Mags seemed to be especially uncomfortable today with her baby large inside her. What would it be like to have a child? A physical manifestation of the miracle of life. The baby represented the bond that had started when Mags and Asa fought against lynching in Georgia and had strengthened through their young, rambunctious sons, Tom and John, and the baby that was now growing inside Mags’s belly. The sight was very powerful and made her want to bow her head in thanks for her sister.

But Nettie had been told when she was very young that she would never have children. Since then, it had been just fine enough to look on and see others enjoy their families. She had her special connection with the universe to make her happy.

Somehow, now, things had changed.

When everyone had eaten their fill, as Mrs. Caldwell insisted, she directed people to pack up leftovers in baskets for dinner that evening. The adults sat around and talked as the children played outside and upstairs.

“Goldie looks so well in your care, Nettie,” Mrs. Caldwell complimented her. “I would have never thought it possible, even just a little bit ago. Her father loves her, but didn’t know how to care for her, I think.”

“Maybe. I’m glad to help.”

“He looks better under your care too.” Mrs. Caldwell’s voice was sly and a red warmth came over her. Suddenly the room felt closed in.

“What do you mean?” Mags sat up as best she could.

“She means I make dinner for them and leave it so they can eat,” Nettie jumped in.

“No, no, young woman. That’s not it. I’m going on fifty-four. I know very well what I mean. No. He looks better. As if the burdens of the world have been lifted from him. Lighter.”

“I’m glad to serve a family who needed help.”

“He’s happy too,” Mrs. Caldwell said. “He’s there with Goldie at the charity kitchen to have breakfast every morning. He drops off Goldie every day so Nettie can care for her.”

“What’s the numbers kingpin doing having breakfast at the charity kitchen?” one of Asa’s sisters jumped in with a cutting tone. What was she mad about? “That cut he gets from the winner is more than enough for him.”

“He pays more than his share, my dear,” Mrs. Caldwell informed her daughter. “He leaves a nice donation for the food that he and his daughter consume. No, he’s there for another reason.” She patted her large topknot, twisting in Nettie’s direction.

Everyone turned to look at her. The ornately decorated parlor began to feel like a prison. Or what she imagined one would be like. All of a sudden, the closeness of family could be cloying as well as heartwarming.

“Yes,” Nettie filled the silence herself, “he brings Goldie down so that I can watch her.”

“Does he? She would only have to walk down the hill to the church. He could practically stand at the top of the hill and watch her go in. She could do that herself,” another sister said. “Everyone knows where Jay the numbers man lives. No one would harm her.”

Mrs. Caldwell nodded gravely, as if confirming with relish everything her nosy daughters were saying.

“He dropped her off at the house this morning,” Ruby said slowly, looking at her sister anew. Ruby’s eyes were particularly intent on her since she had asked Nettie about having feelings for Jay. “He wouldn’t stay.”

“None of you invited him to worship,” Nettie chided.

“Maybe he was waiting for you to do it.” Mrs. Caldwell folded her hands over her belly almost as big as Mags’s, but without the baby in it. “Many a man has been brought to the church by his woman.”

His woman? She opened her mouth to deny that but then a Caldwell sister spoke, stirring her up.

“The numbers man? In church?” Asa’s same sister asked.

She spoke up immediately, “‘He that is without sin among you, let him cast the first stone.’ That is what Jesus said. We cannot judge Mr. Evans. We must not judge him.”

Everyone was quiet. Nettie did not like to use her special connection with God to reprimand people, but she thought it was unfair that Jay Evans did not get a chance.

“He’s a good man,” Mrs. Caldwell said, nodding.

“Mother, how can you say that? He’s a gambler,” Mags insisted.

“He does not play. He has always been adamant about staying out of the game.” Mrs. Caldwell shook her head slowly.

“Mom,” Asa groaned and put a hand to his forehead.

“What? I’m just telling you what I know. I’m in my house now; it’s different than him trying to find out my picks in church.”

“Still.” Asa shook his head.

“He floats that game beautifully. Everyone gets a turn eventually.”

“What do you mean?” She was intrigued now.

“A penny here, a penny there, it adds up. He sees that it comes back to you eventually. It’s like a bank. He loans money too, and he knows that there are a lot of Negroes in the Hill who cannot get a loan from a white bank. He’ll do it.”

“Which is why he got shot, because he floated that game the wrong way around,” Adam added with haste.

“I don’t know why he got shot. All I know is that he is a good man with a gift for numbers and was devastated when Clara died young.” Mrs. Caldwell patted Nettie’s hand. “He isn’t bad to look at either, with those nice suits he has.”

Not bad to look at? He was beyond that… she turned to the older woman who had been watching her and Nettie lowered her head. Had Mrs. Caldwell read her mind? She put forward, “I’m here to help with the school. That’s what I was called to do.”

“Such a nice, worthwhile thing to make sure that Goldie has good, steady interaction with other children since she’s an only child. All I’m saying is with a man as handsome as Jay Evans, Goldie doesn’t have to be an only child.”

“Mother, stop.” Asa covered his face with his hands as if he could disappear.

Mrs. Caldwell stood. “Who wants banana her?”

Banana pudding was the last thing on Nettie’s mind. She had never thought of herself as someone’s mother or wife. Becoming a wife might be a distant possibility.

But given what Mrs. Caldwell said, she knew she would never be anyone’s mother. Why would Jay Evans want a broken woman on his arm?

Her heart sank.

He would never want a broken woman in his world. Ever.





Chapter Eight


Goldie went into the house by herself when they dropped her off on Sunday. They all watched from the car to make sure the child got inside safely. When Jay opened the door, he made a movement as if he was going to come out to the car, but Adam pulled off before he could.

Nettie waved as best she could, but in honesty, she was relieved. Ruby had eagle eyes and Nettie didn’t want her, or Mags, asking any more questions about how she felt about him. It was a reflection of God’s love and grace that the two of them had ever found husbands—they were so protective of her.

She sank down in her seat overwhelmed by wave of shame she felt. Her sisters worried about her, and they were just trying to help. With her solitary life, they felt she did not know the ways of the world. Why didn’t they give her credit for the almost two years she had been on the road with Brother Carver and Sister Jane? She had seen a few things about the relationships between men and women, even though Brother and Sister were just as protective of her as her own family. Nothing had happened to her. Just because she had not participated in a wild relationship didn’t mean she didn’t see things and learned from them.

When Jay and Goldie came the next morning, along with all of the other parents and children, Nettie believed that the rush of participants meant that he would not have time to speak to her.

However, Goldie had appointed herself as her assistant, and she took up her list and began to check the children in. She told them where to sit, to get their breakfast plates from the kitchen and to behave. The child’s grown-up attitude made her want to burst into laughter, but Jay came and stood next to her, watching his little daughter.

She folded her arms against herself to stop from reacting to him standing so close to her. “People back home have a word for little girls like Goldie. Womanstout. It means that she acts so grown up and womanly.”

“Yes,” Jay responded in what she could only classify as a sorrowful tone, “she’s had to be, having lost her mother so young.”

She laced her hands together and faced him. Time to get it over with. “I apologize if I spoke out of turn on Saturday.”

“No, no, Miss Nettie. It’s I who should apologize to you.” Jay looked down at her and gave a sad little smile. “You said things to put my view in a different light. It’s certainly easier to place blame than to listen.”

“I suppose so.”

“Friends, then?” Jay held out his hand.

She startled. She shook people’s hands all the time when she held hands to pray with them. This was different. It would be touching him. Again.

She became aware of her heart working. It was something she hadn’t felt in years and her heart’s rhythm changed to a slow, long thud.

Still, she hesitated now, reluctant and scared to hold hands with this man. Nettie swallowed and sent up a quick prayer for the best. Placing her small hand in his, Jay squeezed it a little, but as he did so, the connection between them was so palpable she was surprised that it didn’t light up the dimly lit church basement even more. She let go first and gave him a warm smile.

“I don’t want Goldie to think we are mad at one another.” Her mouth was dry. She wanted some juice or something.

“She told me when we came here that I needed to say I’m sorry to Miss Nettie or she would be mad at me. So, I say it to you and hope that you will forgive me.”

“There’s nothing to forgive, Mr. Evans. Nothing at all.”

“That’s one other thing. I wish you would call me Jay.”

“I could not do that.”

“Why not?”

“You’re my employer, and in the South, where I’m from, you must call your employer by a title. It shows respect.”

Jay threw back his head and laughed. “Still Little Country, aren’t you? You’re the only person in my life who calls me Mr. Evans. I keep looking around waiting for my daddy to show up.”

She used her one hand to massage the other so that it might recover from his touch. “That’s the way it is done.”

“And if I weren’t your employer?”

She tilted her head back and looked up at him, her eyes meeting his hazel ones.

“Then we would have no relationship, save if you came into the church and we could be brother and sister in church. Then, maybe I would be able to call you by your Christian name.”

“Oh, is that how it works? I have to come to church?”

Nettie nodded. “Yes. Then, you could call me Garnet.”

“Garnet? That is your Christian name?”

“It is.”

“I like it. Much better than Nettie. Garnet is a woman’s name. Nettie sounds like ‘little country’.”

She grinned just a little at his remarks. “I guess it does. Is Jay your Christian name?”

A slight thundercloud passed over his face. “No.”

A chill went through Nettie. Were fake names part of his operation? She did not like dishonesty. “What is it then?”

“Maybe I’ll tell you when we become what you said—‘brother and sister in church. Although, according to what you just said, a sibling relationship is the only kind of relationship that exists between a man and a woman in church. Am I right?”

It’s all a woman like her could ever have. Now she was embarrassed again. By the way Jay smiled, Nettie knew he could tell too, and it made him joyful. “You are.”

He edged closer to her, appearing as if he was about to disagree with her, but the basement was beginning to crowd with children who were eating breakfast and chattering away.

Goldie came to them and held out the slips. “Most of them are here, Miss Nettie. Are we going to get started?”

“Soon, Goldie, soon.”

Goldie, who noticed everything, must have seen the look on her face because she eyed her father. “Are you being nice, Daddy? Like we talked about?”

“Very.” He bent down and gave her a kiss. “I’ma get going.” He turned to her. “Have a good day, Miss Garnet. If you need anything for the school, don’t hesitate to ask me.”

She nodded at him and he departed. She watched him go, dressed to the nines in a beautifully cut cream-colored suit with the tapered waist tapered, showing off his broad shoulders. He did not wear his sling today. The sight of him whole and walking around made her heart leap. She was glad, probably gladder than she should have been, he was healed

“Miss Garnet?” Goldie put her hand on her hip. “Is that really your name?”

“It is, but you must call me Miss Nettie, as my sisters do, or people are bound to be confused.” Nettie smoothed down the bun at her neck, hoping her hair wasn’t getting fuzzy in all of the activity. Too bad her sister, Em who also did hair, didn’t live in Pittsburgh. She needed a wave set. Winslow had its benefits. “Time to get things started.”

The day went well. There were twenty-five children and although she felt slightly stretched, they all appeared grateful in having something to do. Nettie made a mental note, however, to get some of the mothers to volunteer one day out of the week to help her, especially when it came time to work on the children’s math. They needed more help than what she could give—and it wasn’t a subject that was her strong suit.

However, after the math lesson, it was time for music. This was where she excelled. She sectioned the children off and created a choir. They sounded amazing. Their young voices, uplifted in song, would make for a lovely Easter pageant.

Though they didn’t have much time, only three weeks, she could write a short moving tableau, something close to the actual Easter story. With some songs, it would be a production the parents could come and see. Maybe Jay would come to see Goldie perform. Anything to get Jay to come to church was worthy.

Then she would learn his true Christian name, as he’d promised.

She whistled as she ladled out the soup to the children for their lunch, rejoicing at the thought of bringing a new soul to church.

Still, she knew she was really marveling at the fit of that custom-designed suit he wore, even as she knew it was a thought unworthy of her.

On Wednesday, Jay returned home earlier than usual. When he opened the door, he took a sniff and a delicious warm-food smell wrapped around him. Ever since he had come across Nettie, going around and collecting adult pennies and nickels in the hopes of a big payday didn’t seem fun anymore. He had thoughts about how to get out of the game, but he needed to act on it, sooner rather than later, and certainly all at once. He couldn’t expect to ease out and live.

He was also getting sick of Lem, who kept teasing him about “his nanny” and what she could do for him. It didn’t seem fun or right to even think of someone like Nettie in that way. She was very ethereal, and there was something clean and safe there for him and Goldie. He didn’t appreciate Lem making it dirty or sordid.

When he walked into the kitchen, he moved toward his daughter. Nettie had fashioned some type of play costume for Goldie and they were laughing. Something good—chicken, he could see—was frying and a pot of vegetables bubbled away on the stove.

“Daddy, you’re home!” Goldie came to him and grabbed him around his legs, a gesture of hers that always warmed his heart.

Nettie looked a little less perfect than usual. She turned from him to turn the chicken and give the vegetables a stir.

“What’s all this?”

“I was practicing, Daddy, rehearsing my role in the pageant.”

“The Easter pageant.” Nettie wiped her hands on an apron.

She had a spot of flour on her cheek and he longed to touch it, to help her wipe it off. He kept a firm hold on Goldie. She was his anchor right now.

“There’ll be an Easter pageant?”

“Yes. I’m to be the angel who tells the women not to look for Jesus in the tomb.” Goldie split from him and spread her arms into a dramatic pose. “Why do ye seek him here? He is in the tomb no more.”

Nettie laughed and clapped her hands. “Very good, Goldie.”

“Now a pageant too? What about the school?” he asked.

“Well, we practice during school time. I’m afraid some of the things that I’m not as strong in, like math, have taken a bit of a backseat. I thought this would be a fun way for the children to come to know the Easter story, and it’ll be nice for the parents to see them in the pageant.”

He knew he appeared to be frowning, but he couldn’t help it after Nettie’s words. “Math is what they need to know. Helps the children to not be cheated out there in the big world.”

Nettie regarded him, but turned to his daughter. “Take off your wings, Goldie, and lay them on the couch. Then you can set the table.”

Goldie did just what Nettie said. Such a pleasing change in his daughter.

“I’m aware of that, but the mothers haven’t helped out as I thought they might.”

“They like having their children away from them for a few hours. I’ve seen some of them and heard how they remark about the way they are able to accomplish a little more. But it’s important to have the learning reinforced.”

“I think so too. When they go back, I have thoughts about making it into an after-school thing. I’ll see. If it becomes that, I won’t be able to get your dinner on the stove.”

“We’ll work it out. You have good ideas.”

Jay stepped forward, picked up a towel on the edge of the counter and used it to wipe the smudge from Nettie’s cheek. The gesture permitted him to step closer to her, and she smelled like cinnamon. That was the spice he had been trying to nail down. A West Indies spice—something warm and welcoming. Home. When he touched her with the towel, however, it started that charge between them again and Nettie grabbed at his wrist, seemingly to stop him from touching her. To stay the electricity somehow. It didn’t work.

“I’m sorry,” he whispered, much more softly than he intended it. “You had flour on you.”

Nettie took her hand away and he handed her the towel. She lowered her head and a blush appeared under her sienna-brown skin, but rather than be pleased at having shaken her perfect posture, Jay was embarrassed too.

He was a little surprised when she laughed, which relieved the tension a great deal. “That’s something that’ll happen when you’re frying chicken and putting feathers on wings with flour paste.”

“You do a lot for me and my daughter and I’m grateful for it. I want to thank you.”

“It’s my job, Mr. Evans.” She lowered her eyes.

“I know. But I would like to see you get some satisfaction from it. You give and give—I bet the money that I’ve been paying you has been put into the school or the pageant.”

Nettie faced him directly. He knew she couldn’t deny it. “It’s my life’s work.”

“And what about something for you? You deserve something for yourself.”

“I like what I do.”

“Is it enough?”

She turned from him so swiftly Jay knew he’d touched a nerve. He wanted to half smile at how Nettie was practically vibrating—she was going to tell him to go to the devil, if he wasn’t there already.

Come on with it, Little Country.

But she kept it under control, since Goldie stood right there, so he backed down physically. Nettie did as well.

“Daddy, can’t Miss Nettie stay and have supper with us? I’m out here setting the table for two, and I can put on an extra plate for her. She always makes a lot and we know there are leftovers. She makes a lot. You don’t eat that much, Miss Nettie, so you should eat with us, then go to your house.”

Jay watched his daughter put forward her argument and marveled at how Goldie, at the tender age of seven, always seemed to make perfect sense. Why hadn’t he thought of asking Nettie to dinner?

He knew why.

Staying with them was a step down a pathway Nettie wouldn’t want to go down. It would be a reminder to Jay that he was not good enough for her. She was also a tie to his beloved wife and he’d resented her for it until very recently. Still, he didn’t want to seem to be inhospitable.

“You should,” Jay echoed.

“Yes you should,” Goldie said. “It isn’t fair that you eat with Solly and Maisie every night.”

“Well, Goldie, people usually eat dinner with their family. Solly and Maisie are my nephew and niece, so that’s why I eat dinner with them. Mr. Evans here, he’s your daddy and you eat dinner with him. My place is at the table down in the brownstones with my family.”

“Gee, you could have some food with us. Then maybe it could mean that we would be family sometimes. I don’t have a mother and, Miss Nettie, you could—”

“Goldie Louise, that’s enough.” He hated to be stern with her but she was going somewhere she shouldn’t.

Goldie’s hazel eyes transformed into large pools of tears.

He didn’t even know Goldie could cry that fast. She was usually such a stalwart child. They could hear her little Buster Brown shoes run across the wooden living room floor and skip up the steps to her room.

The two of them stood there, and from the way she poked at the chicken in the pan, he knew Nettie was bothered by Goldie being upset.

Such strange new territory they were in. Should he go to Goldie? He had just spoken to her in a very stern way. Should Nettie go? She was the child’s nanny and she was still working.

“This is what happens when a fellow comes home a little early. A lot of confusion.” He slumped against the wall.

“You should go see her,” Nettie spoke to the stove while attending the sputtering chicken. She opened the cookstove and used a folded towel to retrieve a pan of cornbread, and the scent of corn tickled his nose.

“I didn’t mean to upset her. I just didn’t want to put foolish dreams into her head.”

Nettie slid the pan of hot cornbread onto a place at the back of the stove where it was still warm. She didn’t say anything and her silence alarmed him.

He wanted her to tell him that he was wrong, and Goldie’s vision wasn’t a foolish dream, but Nettie didn’t say anything. She expertly moved the chicken out of the pan to a warming plate and the hot grease stopped sputtering when she moved the pan back to a cooler place on the stove. She turned to him.

“You’re her father. Go to her.”

“You’re her nanny and still on the clock.”

“Oh well, when you put it that way…” She reached around her waist, untying the apron strings there, and started to pull the apron from her.

“No, no, that is not what I meant. It came out all wrong.”

“I’m your employee, Mr. Evans. I’m here to do as I am told.”

Jay reached out to Nettie and touched her cheek. “You aren’t some kind of statue. You’re a living, breathing woman and it’s time you recognize that fact.”

She stepped back. “How do you know that?”

He stepped to her. “Sometimes, it’s hard to see the obvious.”

Once again, Nettie put a hand to his arm and stayed him from touching her, but it was a more gentle hand. “Please. Don’t. I’m someone who has been set apart from others in a different way and I understand that. If I were in the Catholic faith, I would probably be someone who would join a convent, someone who lived in one place day and night and sought to serve God.”

He snored at her high-minded talk. “Do you really believe that is what God wants of you? He wants you to live and to share in his gifts. One of his greatest gifts is the love between a man and a woman.”

Nettie shuddered. Why? “A gift so many people debase.”

“But a gift nonetheless. Do you deny it when you look at Goldie? Or your nephew or niece? Any of the children in the school?”

“No. They’re all precious.”

“They are. That’s why I insisted that Goldie have the name that she does. You’re Garnet. You should be Garnet, something precious and real.”

“Goldie needs us. She’s sad and lonely and thinks she is in trouble.”

“She’s not. I’ll tell her soon enough.”

“Well then, I should go.” Nettie moved to the steps.

His voice reached out to her—to beckon her back. “Stay for dinner then, just like she wanted.”

“Maybe some other time.”

“What are you hiding from? Life? Why?”

The displeasure that she had shown before with him came back with a vengeance. “I’m not hiding. I’m out here giving myself to the church and these children.”

“But not to a man. Why?”

“Those are physical acts that are meant for other women. Not for me.”

He moved to her again because he couldn’t help it. Nettie was just as distressed as Goldie, deep down, and he wanted to get her to tell the truth. “You’re a beautiful, attractive woman, and you deserve what beautiful women have. Why not you?”

“I know what God has in store for me.”

“He gave us minds to think with and hearts to feel. Are you using yours?”

Nettie gave a faint smile and shrugged the slightest bit from his hold. “I think that we have too much emotion for each other’s good, Mr. Evans.”

“Maybe that means we can be good for each other.” The words tumbled from him before he could stop them. Once he said them, he wished he could take them back because of the alarmed look on Nettie’s face.

“I could never be with a man who doesn’t embrace faith.”

“I don’t know what that means.”

“Then that is a problem, isn’t it? You could come to church and find out.”

Jay felt anger welling up in him. “That’s your answer to everything, isn’t it?”

“My faith is the answer to everything.”

Nettie’s words landed on him with a hard impact. He wanted to say something that impacted her the same way.

She turned and stood on the threshold. “I better go home. I hope you enjoy your dinner.”

“I’m sorry that you won’t give us a chance, just to prove a point.”

“Isn’t it enough that you gamble? Do you have to make me say the words to you?”

He stood over her, speaking the words slowly, “I don’t gamble. I’m a banker. The only kind of banker this town will allow me to be.”

His words frightened her because she backed away, and he understood Nettie’s reluctance for one minute. There were all kinds of things in this crazy world that made no sense.

She spoke, “There’s rice pudding in the fridge. Please tell Goldie I said good night.”

Jay watched Nettie pick up her gloves, hat and coat off the edge of the couch and run outside without donning them first, something she never did. The only satisfaction he had was that he had gotten to her. He had finally pierced that perfection.

The next morning at the church basement, something in Nettie’s beautiful face lit up when she sipped on a cup of milk at breakfast and Jay shuddered watching her. “Why do you drink this?”

“It’s not as fresh as I’m used to from Winslow, I have to admit.” Nettie put down the mug of milk with a sigh.

“The farm does do better.” Jay had to admit.

“The farm?” Her entire look changed from a protective to an open one.

Bless her heart. Little Country misses home.

“Yes, I have a dairy farm.”

“Really? Why?”

“It’s a good hideout when the cops come.” He leaned forward and she leaned back, Goldie laughing at her.

“We go to the farm sometimes on Sundays.”

“Which is why you haven’t been in church.”

“Exactly. A different kind of worship. You ought to try it sometime.”

Nettie stood and collected their plates. “Uh, no. You would not have me let you go astray.”

“I would be glad if you were doing the leading, Miss Nettie.”

“Time to help with clearing the tables, Miss Goldie.”

She was so smooth in the way she changed the subject to suit her.

“Yes, ma’am.”

Jay didn’t care to see his daughter clearing tables, but doing some work didn’t seem to hurt her. Clearly Goldie was up to the task.

Watching his daughter and Nettie made him think, Why wait until Sunday? I can take a day off. If it helped to clear the sad look off Nettie’s face when she talked about the fresh milk, it would be worth it.

The thought so consumed him that Jay left the charity-kitchen breakfast table without even saying goodbye.

“You clear up the stakes, Lem. I have something to do this afternoon. I’m taking the car, Matt, so you help him on foot.”

Matt pulled his chair in closer and picked his teeth. Yeah, he wasn’t happy about that.

He straightened.

“What’s going on?” Matt asked.

“Checking something with Goldie.”

“I hope it’s not with that holy nanny lady,” Matt’s voice rumbled.

He said nothing, pushing forward the slips Matt needed. Matt didn’t have the best memory, and Jay wanted no more shootings.

This was also about Goldie. She needed some fresh air on this late March day. It was a rare beautiful early spring Pittsburgh day with no rain in sight. He would show Miss Nettie how to celebrate and have some fun.

After Jay collected the number from the bank, he dropped his crew off at the storefront. “I’ll be back in a couple of hours.”

“Don’t rush, Boss. I mean, take your time. She’s worth the wait.”

Lem and Matt walked off, laughing and slapping at each other’s backs. Despite his injury, he was able to get the car around without hurting himself. The flexibility he’d had with his arm was slowly returning. How good it felt to heal.

Healing made him think more about getting out of the game and what that meant. He was certainly done with getting shot. What could he possibly do? A thought seized him.

I want to see Goldie grow up.

Jay pulled up to his house and surprised Nettie and Goldie, who had laid out the preparations for dinner.

Nettie stared up at him, her hands wrapped around a chicken. “Is there something I can help you with, Mr. Evans?”

All of a sudden, he didn’t know what to say.

He coughed. “I thought maybe you would like to go for a drive in the car.”

“I bought groceries for your dinner.”

“I mean a longer drive. To see some of the greener parts around here.”

Goldie put in, “We were about to make dinner.”

“Put it in the icebox for tomorrow, Gold. I got the diner to give me some sandwiches.”

Goldie began to run around the room, putting things away. “Let’s go, Miss Nettie. You’ll like how green it is on the farm.”

He straightened from talking with his daughter. “Time for Little Country to get out of the city.”

“I don’t know. I have to get home in time…”

“You will. It will only take a few hours. When you said you couldn’t possibly go with me on a Sunday since God said no…well, what about a Thursday?”

“Yeah! My Daddy is so smart.” His daughter bolted for his legs and wrapped herself about them tightly as he pulled her into his arms that much closer.

Yes. This was the perfect idea, if Nettie would agree.

“Well, lead on then, Mr. Evans.”

And he enjoyed watching Nettie putting on all of her apparel. Gloves, one at a time, fastening the button at her dainty wrists, and then placing her hat on top of a cloud of dark-black hair that was always neatly pinned up, never down.

She had too much hair to wear it short as some other women, even Negro ones, were doing. Her hair came together in a neat bun at the back of her neck and she patted it a lot when she got nervous or scared.

She was patting it now and Jay wondered—what was she nervous about now?

One more mystery to intrigue him. He looked forward to unraveling it.

Why did Jay want her to go with them? Was this an appropriate thing for Nettie to do as Goldie’s nanny?

Well, here she was, in the car, going with them, so it had to be okay.

Driving farther along the Pittsburgh roads, there were fewer and smaller houses as they continued on. The amount of trees and green increased. It was beautiful. Much, much better than the Hill. Certainly better smelling. She took in a deep breath.

“Like the fresh air?”

“Smells more like home.”

She leaned back in the luxurious roadster and sniffed the air, which didn’t really smell like anything, but allowed her to relax just a bit more. This place wasn’t the dangerous place where her sisters told her not to stop for anything, but some other place. A better place.

“It stinks like cows on the farm, Miss Nettie, but when you run around a bit, you get used to it.”

“Well, that’s not stinky to me. That’s what I grew up with.”

“A place that smelled like cows?”

“Well, some of it. Most of the town smelled like bitter pecans. They would use the shells to burn as fuel for the towel mill. Everything there was clean smelling before that mill came to town.”

“Sounds as if you don’t care for progress, Miss Nettie.” Mr. Evans kept his attention focused on the road, but still maintained a hint of teasing in his voice.

“I have nothing against progress. I do have a problem when man takes nature that was perfectly okay to begin with and messes it up to enrich himself. It’s a crime to me.”

“Well, the Hill has been around for some time. Always was kind of a city.”

She shook her head. “It’s happening more and more in the South. One of the reasons a lot of us are trying to get away.”

He turned down a road and the houses got bigger, broader and farther apart. She couldn’t help but be stunned. “This is lovely.”

“We’re just a little ways away.”

“I really want to know. Why do you have this out here?”

His eyes clouded over. “I bought it a few years ago. A place for me and Gold to escape to after…Clara. There was an older immigrant couple in the Hill who never played the game, but always spoke to me so nicely. They wanted a farm. So, I formed a partnership with them so they could leave the city. They keep this up for all of us. It works out.”

“You should have come out here to get better when you got shot.”

“The farther away I am from the game, the more dangerous it is. Someone could take it over. If they do, it’s very likely that another person might try to finish what Joe Griffiths started.”

His voice went so low her skin prickled. She knew he was speaking so that Goldie didn’t hear, but Nettie wasn’t sure she hadn’t. That child heard and understood everything. For Goldie’s sake, Nettie kept silent as they continued to drive until he turned into a driveway, even though she was burning with curiosity.

“Here we are.”

He drove down a long road and parked his roadster next to a building that looked like a barn. An older gentleman came running out.

“Jay, good to see you. Looks like they got you a bit in the arm there.”

“They did.”

The older gentleman shook his head. “Erma is not going to like that. But who is this with you?”

“This is Garnet Bledsoe. She’s Goldie’s nanny. Just for now.”

“Hello, my dear. Welcome.”

These people were very nice, but they were…white. For what she had seen in the Hill she thought mostly Negroes lived there. How could a Negro man like Jay be in business with a white couple? She’d heard what he said about an immigrant couple, but it really hadn’t registered what that meant. Anyway, he didn’t seem to feel fear of them. Goldie surely didn’t when she ran out of the car and went to the man named Daniel Marsh and hugged him.

A small lady with gray hair stood in the doorway. “What are you doing here, Jay? On a Thursday, with this Miss not in school?”

“The school there is on shifts because it is so crowded. She’s off until Easter. And I just wanted to show, um, Goldie’s nanny what it looks like out here. She can’t come out here on Sundays.”

The woman identified as Erma stepped forward. “Why ever not?”

“It’s the Lord’s Day, ma’am.” She extended her hand to shake Erma’s. She stilled her hand from trembling because she’d never shaken hands with a white person before, but she got the feeling that she should greet the woman in some way.

The woman stepped off of the porch and came closer to where she stood next to the car. All of a sudden, before she knew it, the woman embraced her with arms of steel. “Thank you, thank you, Lord. You’re an answer to prayer. Praise him!”

“Oh my.” Nettie took in a sharp breath, unable to breathe.

The woman pulled back from Nettie, staring into her face, her breath smelling of sweet mints. “She’s lovely.”

“I’m the nanny, ma’am.”

“You’re a lovely nanny, my dear.”

Old Daniel waved her off. “Nanny, my foot.”

“We just ate lunch, but we would be right proud to have you stay for dinner.”

“Oh. That’s lovely.”

Jay laughed and stepped forward. “I’ll give her the tour. Come on, Miss Net.”

Jay took her into the barn that was well maintained housing eight cows. The barn looked so much like her father’s that she got a lump in her throat. At the same time, she couldn’t cry because Goldie was running around naming the cows and patting them.

“This is wonderful. It’s wonderful that Goldie knows what this is all about.” She punched Jay on his good arm. “And you call me Little Country. You’re country yourself.”

“Well, I’ve only wanted to do what was best for her.”

She stared off into the distance. “Are you sure we can’t eat the sandwiches you bought? I’ve never had dinner with anyone white before.”

Jay came forward and patted her hand. “No need to be afraid. It will be all right.”

“Do they know what you do?”

“I have no need to be ashamed of what I do, Miss Nettie.”

“Of course not. I didn’t mean—”

“I’ll show you the pasture.” Loosening his tie, Jay stomped off to the other edge of the barn, away from her.

What did he expect from her?

Goldie sidled up to Nettie and slipped a hand into hers. “Better stay close. There’s a lot of land out behind here and you don’t want to get lost. Even if it’s a nice day.”

“Thank you.”

She followed, but didn’t know what to make of Jay’s reaction to her statements. The unease stole across her heart and made it hurt for a minute. Then it struck her.

She cared, maybe too deeply, if she hurt Jay’s feelings.





Chapter Nine


Could she say or do anything right? There was something about this day that stirred her. Best to start from scratch. “I wanted to say I’m sorry.”

“Why are you apologizing, Miss Nettie?” A beautiful smile crossed Jay’s features, and it made her heart lurch because what she was going to say might hurt him more.

“Your wife. The way she died.”

And it did. Just as if the sun had gone behind a cloud. “When someone leaves you, it’s as if…as if you have to figure out how to continue without that person. It’s hard. Very hard. And you wonder sometimes. If it is all worth it if you are just going to lose in the end.”

His confession took her by surprise. She was not expecting to hear those words from Jay. She thought it was going to be more about the horrible nature of the revival, religion, something. No. And somehow, the love he had for his wife made him more real to her. Certainly not a criminal.

He had brought out a blanket and after walking around to inspect the area to make sure it was clean, spread it out on the ground. “Have a seat.”

“It’s lovely out here. I don’t blame you for wanting to come out here. I appreciate you bringing me along in the middle of the week to accommodate my need for church.”

“You’ve accommodated my daughter and me in your life. I appreciate that.”

She lowered her head. “It’s nothing.”

“It’s everything. You have no idea.”

“I didn’t mean to interfere. It made me so mad when I saw Eva—”

“I’ve not been doing right by my daughter. It was wrong of me to shortchange her, a gift from Clara. You made me see that.”

His eyes lowered to her hand, staring at it with the intense heat of the sun of Nettie’s home state. As if he wanted to pick it up or touch it. She pulled her hand back onto her lap, but that only transferred his gaze there, and she certainly could not have him looking in that direction. The thought made her move her gaze away from her gray skirt to where Goldie frolicked and played in the grass.

She tugged at her gloves a bit, but didn’t take them off. “It does my heart good to see her there. Like that.” In a way she never could play when she was Goldie’s age, sick in bed. “What was Clara like?”

Jay folded up one knee and leaned on it, looking perfectly relaxed. And very handsome. Maybe that was the way to think about it. Keeping his focus and hers on Clara’s memory would help them both.

“She was a gentle soul.”

“Did she like you being a part of the game?”

“Boleto is all we knew in New York. I sent for her once I was established here.”

She followed the trail of his gaze.

“It’s all we were allowed to do to get ahead.”

She folded her hands in her lap. “If the game were gone, what would happen?”

“I have no idea.”

“You seem to be a man of many talents.”

“If I were a white man I would be a stockbroker in the New York Stock Exchange.”

Her eyes blinked fast at his expressed thought.

“Would you wish that?”

“No.”

His answer was emphatic and she was glad. He certainly didn’t strike her as someone who would wish to be what he wasn’t.

“I’m just saying I could do it. It would be a fulfilling life. And I know I could do it. I’d be wracking up the money. But it seems I’m destined to help other people. One thing I’ve longed to do is bring some of this green back to the Hill. There are a lot of broken-down places there. There’s a ball park, but it’s off limits to the neighborhood. And it shouldn’t be. If people had a green place to go—”

“There’s a ball park? For baseball.” She echoed.

He grasped her arm. “What do you know about the great game?”

She could tell that he was excited. She was too. “It was what I loved to do when I was a little girl. Around Goldie’s age.” Before the sickness. Before she had to stay in bed all of the time. Baseball was freedom for her. Or it used to be.

“You used to play?”

“Such a very long time ago. I would join the mill children when they played during their breaks.”

“Mill children?”

“Yes. The children of the mill workers. Paul Winslow would hire them to pick up the fallen bobbins on the floor. When the workers got their breaks and the machines fell silent, the children would get bored and start playing baseball. I would go pitch to them.” Pitching was the position where she could stay in one place and not move.

“You, Miss Nettie? Pitch?”

“It was all so long ago. And only a few times, but so memorable. But I think your idea would be wonderful. One reason I was so excited to come here was that I wanted to see the Crawfords and Pirates play. There’s lots of baseball in Pittsburgh.”

“And you will. I’ll see to it.”

Goldie ran up to them, out of breath. “I’m hungry. Should I get the sandwiches from the car?”

“Miss Erma invited us to dinner. If we eat the sandwiches we won’t be hungry for that.”

“Okay. Well, let’s get back to the house and tell her to hurry up.”

She snapped her fingers. “Goldie. That would be rude.”

“There’s got to be a way to tell her, Miss Nettie.”

She folded herself on her knees and regarded the girl. “We can offer to help. How about that?”

“Okay.” Goldie lowered her head. “Come on.”

The little girl was off on a streak to the house before they could even understand where she had gone, and they both laughed at Goldie’s speed.

“I guess I ran like that at one time,” She said without thinking.

“We all may have.”

The laughter thinned out and there was an uncomfortable silence between them. “May I help you up?”

“Thank you.”

She reached out to Jay and thanked the heavens above she had gloves on so that her hand didn’t have to touch his directly. He helped her to her feet, his hand squeezing hers ever so slightly.

In the squeeze, she knew reassurance. “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. Anytime. And we are going to make sure you see the world champs Craws play. And the Buccos too.”

Her eyes shone. “I look forward to that. As a rite of spring.”

Nettie reached down to fold up the blanket. Jay helped her then looped the blanket over his arm. Together, in silence, they worked their way back to the farmhouse for a delicious meal of pork cutlets and cabbage that Miss Erma had promised.

There was an entirely different side to this man. Nettie had been wrong to judge him. He had a good heart and a strong mind. He wanted to do right.

Was she there to guide him back to a better, safer way to lead his life?

She hoped so.

When Jay stepped through the side doors of Freedom Christian the next day, somebody in the charity kitchen dropped some plates. He was not surprised. He often had that effect on people.

However, what was different today was that he had decided to go up into the sanctuary to help Nettie.

What am I doing here? He whipped out a handkerchief as he faced the steps going up. His custom-made, large handkerchiefs embroidered with his initials were ones he carried out of consideration for other people who needed them, not for himself. He didn’t usually need them, but today, he wiped his forehead and hands. Sweaty hands? This woman had really gotten to him.

Gripping the rail, she headed up, trying so hard but failing to not see those last visions of his Clara as sick and scrawny, one hand in the air, waving, praising her God. When he reached the top of the stairs, he saw the sanctuary had changed in the past few years. Standing in the back, he was struck by the richness of the wooden pews, red carpet and stained-glass windows—all reminders of the success of its parishioners.

His eyes searched the room, and soon he saw Nettie bowed over a child in one of the benches. Her forehead was crinkled. Maybe she was doing math, and she needed his help. He had come just in time.

He was about to open his mouth to greet her when a thin, young boy looked up and yelled out, “Hey, it’s Jay the numbers man.”

Other little heads popped up from pews all over. Each child was allotted a pew area to study on. It was a good strategy, now that she was dealing with upwards of forty children, because if the they weren’t willing to do their work and be preoccupied, the pew became a little play/sleep area. The arrangement kept her students separated and out of trouble.

Nettie looked up and her gaze met his. He put his handkerchief away, even though he still felt as if he needed it. She stepped into a side aisle, not the center, and came back to him. She always moved in a very dignified way, but now Nettie moved more quickly than she had before. “Mr. Evans, may I help you?”

“Why yes, Miss Nettie.” He started down the same side aisle that she had just come up. “I was done at the bank and thought I would swing by to help you with your problem.”

“What problem?” she hissed.

He wanted to chuckle at her attempts to keep him quiet, but it wasn’t working. “The math problem. I’m here to help,” he boomed.

“It’s the banker man!” some small child near them yelled out.

Another said, “I got a penny to give you.”

Jay nodded at the child, but eyed him respectfully. “Squirt, you know I only deal with grown-ups.”

“I know, but I thought I would try. I want to hit it big someday.”

“The way that you hit it big, Squirt, is by knowing your math. How you all think I got to be the banker, eh?” He stepped to front of the church, but stopped short of the front. Going up there was taking it too far, so he stopped in the side aisle to talk.

He spoke loudly because he wanted to engage the children’s attention, and to avoid the horrible nervous feeling he had about being in one of the last places where Clara had been, “May I have everyone’s attention, please?”

Each little head was now facing him. Bless these little ones. Such beauty was here in the sea of faces of all shades of brown. “I want to talk to you about percentages.”

One little girl who was in the pew behind Goldie shook her head. “Uh-uh. Too hard.”

“Too hard, you say?”

Nettie’s nephew Solomon folded his arms and stared at him warily. Heh. The kid already knew what he was about to say. A smart one. He could tell Solomon knew already, just like Goldie did. But not every child knew percentages.

“What if instead of percentages…” he pulled open his lapel and pulled out a brown bag, “…I talked about lemon drops?”

“I like lemon drops,” the kid called Squirt said.

Now he had Solomon’s attention. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see that Nettie was as wary as her nephew had been. Maybe she didn’t like lemon drops.

“I’ve got one hundred lemon drops here.”

“That’s a lot,” Squirt said.

“Is it? For a big, hungry crowd like this?”

“There are forty of us, Daddy,” Goldie offered.

A rush of pride filled his heart. His girl. She was already doing the math in her head, which might ache a bit because of her smooth braids. Nettie had put Goldie’s braids in tight so they would stay.

What had his life been like before he got shot and Nettie found him in the alleyway? Looking back, his life before her seemed bleak, gray and small. Now, possibilities loomed large, his work seemed tiny in the world. What Nettie brought was so large, like the sun.

“Forty, right, Goldie girl. Yes. Okay. What if…” He reached into the bag and pulled out a lemon drop—he held it in front of the children, “…I ate one.”

“No, banker man, no.”

“I can’t have one?” He frowned at the child who had called out—a kid who couldn’t have been more than five. “One out of one hundred. One percent. Say it, kids.”

“One percent.”

“What if I ate two?” He reached in the bag for another and held them up.

“He’s going to eat them all!” Squirt said.

Nettie smiled.

Jay winked at her and she looked away. Yeah, she liked looking at him.

“No, Daddy is just showing you percentages. That’s two. Two percent,” Goldie called out.

The children intoned after Goldie, “Two percent.”

“What about five?”

“The number is getting higher,” a child near the front cried out. It was Ruby and Adam’s little girl, Nettie’s niece. Her gray eyes were wide.

“That is right, sweetie, but how many percent?”

“Five?”

“That’s right, toots. Good job.”

The little girl—he didn’t remember her name—sat by Nettie’s right hand and her aunt smoothed her black curls.

After ten more minutes, and more threats to eat all of the lemon drops, Jay held up his hands, the bag of lemon drops secure in the crook of his thumb. “You all understand that pretty well. Okay. Well, I’ve got to get back.”

The children groaned.

Pleased they seemed to have had fun, he waved his hands. “You all got stuff to do, I know.” He tossed the bag to Nettie and she was aware enough to catch it in her hands. “I’ll leave these here.”

The children cheered.

“Miss Nettie will give them to you.”

“For dessert,” Nettie spoke in a voice filled with authority—a different one than the one she used with Goldie. “Put up your math papers and let’s get ready to rehearse. Say thank you to Mr. Evans for his kindness and generosity.”

He walked to the back of the church, waving at the echoes of the children’s gratitude. He felt good he had gone there for the children, but as he went into the stairwell, a smothering feeling came into his chest.

Going down first few steps, he breathed out slowly. He closed his eyes and brought out the handkerchief again.

Suddenly, she was there. Nettie had followed him. “Are you all right? Are you sure that you aren’t rushing things a bit after your injury?”

He wiped at his forehead. “That? Oh no. I’m fine.”

“If you say so.”

“I am. I just…it was a little hot in there.”

“You did very well, even if it was a slightly different way of talking about math. I think they liked it.”

“They did?”

“Certainly. They love lemon drops.”

“Do you?”

“Me?” Nettie shook her head. “I’m not a big fan of candy in general, so I guess not.”

“No sweets?”

“I didn’t say that. I like ice cream but it’s not easy to get.”

“I see. A rarefied pleasure for one who is rare.” He folded up his handkerchief and pocketed it again. The smothering feeling had gone. He felt better just talking to Nettie.

“Thank you for coming by today.”

“It was no problem. I’ll see you tonight.”

“Yes. Tonight.”

“And will you stay for dinner?”

“I-I don’t know.” She seemed shaken by his invitation.

“Think about it. Please?”

“Okay.” Nettie turned from him and went back into the sanctuary.

He enjoyed watching her take command of the children again, this time with the lemon-drop bag clenched tightly in her fist.

Nettie flipped the stove lids. She still had to make a decision about whether or not she would stay for dinner that night. Four pork chops. One could be for her.

The thought of having to watch him eat her food made her stomach flip-flop. In her mind’s eye, she envisioned his lips, wonderfully plump and juicy, gnawing on a smothered pork chop, and she felt faint. Fortunately, Goldie was there as she worked, keeping her in line.

“I don’t like rice,” Goldie declared.

“You ate the rice pudding I made before.”

“Yeah. That was good. I mean regular rice.”

“I’ll show you a way to eat it that you’ll like.”

She stirred the green beans and flinched just a little when she heard the door—right on time. He did not come later, although coming to the church today might have held his business up.

A bucket of cold water mentally doused her inflamed sensibilities. She prayed, the only thing she knew how to do in times of desperation.

God, listen to me. He’s a gangster. I cannot fall for a gangster.

The words echoed in her head, reminding her how her mother had infused her with certain beliefs when she had to spend all of that time in bed and her life had been spared. That meant she had a special purpose in life, and she could not let a man of questionable reputation destroy that.

Still, she remembered what Mrs. Caldwell said. He made sure to float the game so everyone who put in eventually got to win. Like a magical bank account that paid off over time. And he did not play himself. So Jay was a banker in the real sense of the word. When banks would not let Negroes through the door, he provided a service.

He skims off the top. But then, was that any different from the bank charging interest? It was all so confusing and as Nettie scraped the pan free of rice, he came and filled the doorway, all tan suit and shoulders.

“Goldie says we are having pork chops.”

“Yes, that’s right.”

“Smothered?” Jay leaned over and looked at the pan bubbling away on top of the cookstove. “You must want me to burst out all of my custom-cut suits?”

Custom-cut, yes. That must be why he looked so good in his clothes. “I just wanted to make a nice dinner for a Friday.”

“Nice? I don’t think I’ve had a smothered pork chop since my mother was alive.”

His joking personality went away, and she put the pan down, unsure of what to do. Should she apologize for making him something that reminded him of his childhood?

“How old were you when she died?”

“Twelve.”

“That must have been difficult for you. I couldn’t imagine being that young and losing your mother. My mother had the influenza a few years ago and we thought she was going to die. It was terrible. Actually losing her…I can’t imagine.”

“Do you need any help?”

“No thank you. Goldie set the table before you came, so that’s done. I’ll go and bring the food out.”

“I can take something.”

She pointed to the icebox. “You can take the pie out.”

“Fine.”

Jay stepped around her and his clean scent invaded her senses. She willed herself to stand up straight and be still. The orange pie seemed dwarfed in his large hands, but he carried it to the table willingly as she followed behind carrying the pan of smothered pork chops and carefully set them on the table.

“More?”

“Yes.”

They went back into the kitchen and she handed him a towel. “I don’t want you to burn your hand.”

“I won’t.”

She made sure in the handoff that Jay grabbed the towel end and not her hand, so that charge thing didn’t happen again between them. He took up the pan of green beans and carrots then went back out to the table.

“I have the rice. That’s it,” she called. When she came back out, Jay was sitting at the head of the table and Goldie was on the far side.

“You sit on the other side, Miss Nettie.”

The space left for her was the side closest to the kitchen. The foot of the table, she guessed, was Clara’s spot. She certainly didn’t want to take it. The space Goldie pointed out was closer to both of them anyway, so she sat down.

At first, she was shy as everyone loaded their plates with food, and the chewing began. She craned her neck and viewed Goldie’s plate. No rice. “I forgot the special way to eat rice for you, Goldie.”

“Yeah, you promised me.”

“Let me show you.”

She stood up and went into the kitchen to retrieve the sugar bowl. She came around to Goldie’s side and pulled the butter dish forward. Dishing up some of the steaming rice, she put a pat of butter on it. She sprinkled it lightly with sugar, took an extra spoon and stirred the rice mixture around on Goldie’s plate, careful to avoid mixing the rice with anything else. Children were funny that way.

“See? Sweet rice. Give it a try.”

Goldie took up the spoon she used and ate the leavings. “Yum!” she exclaimed and dug in, excited.

She made her way back to her chair and resumed eating. She was delighted to hear Jay laugh at his daughter’s response.

“How do you know about making Geechee rice?”

“We know a thing or two about rice in Georgia. Even though we’re from the other side of the state from where it grows. Winslow is closer to Alabama, almost on the border.”

She cut her pork chop with her fork. It was tender enough to do so, she was pleased to see. She kept her eyes on the plate so that she didn’t have to see Jay eat.

“That brings back some memories. Boy, we used to eat geechee rice for breakfast when we lived up in New York.” He deliberately chewed on a piece of pork chop.

Nettie was lost.

“I had forgotten all about that.” Jay marveled.

“Glad I could help Goldie see that rice is good for her.”

“Tell us some more about the country, Miss Nettie. You have other sisters?”

“Yes. Only Em and Delie are at home now. Em is a dressmaker and a Madame Walker hair agent. Delie is about to graduate from school. We hope to get her into a high school. Somehow.”

“Your sister is a dressmaker?” Goldie chewed on her rice, frowning.

“Yes.”

“Did she make your clothes?”

“Yes, Goldie, why?”

“Doesn’t she know how to make new clothes?”

Jay put a hand on his daughter’s arm. “That’s enough, Goldie. We have a guest today.”

“It’s okay, Mr. Evans. I can explain.” She faced Goldie as the child continued to chew. “Em makes all kinds of wonderful clothes. However, I asked her to make my clothes this way.”

“Why? She uses so much more material.”

“I feel it’s necessary me, as a woman, to dress modestly. I don’t like the thought of my legs or arms showing. Those parts of the body would be for my husband to see. I prefer the older way of dressing, so I remain modest.”

“It isn’t as fun, though.”

“Maybe not for you.” She directed a little half-smile at Goldie’s downcast face.

“But you don’t have a husband.” Goldie scraped up the last of the Geechee rice and licked the spoon like an ice cream cone.

“I don’t.”

Goldie put the spoon down, and faced her nanny. “How are you going to get one if you don’t show your legs and arms?”





Chapter Ten


Jay would rather face Joe and his gun again than face Ruby and her questions about his intentions.

He and Goldie determined to walk Nettie home since the spring Pittsburgh evening was nice again. When they arrived at the Morson home, they all got dragged into the parlor. Subjected Mrs. Morson’s rage again, Jay nearly felt like calling on God as he hadn’t in years. The little short woman almost burst into flame with anger at whatever she thought he was doing to her sister.

Still, Nettie was very lucky to have someone who cared about her so much. His family hadn’t cared that much since his mother had died.

Shockingly though, Little Country matched her older sister look for look, angry glance for angry glance. Nettie put in. “You need to mind your own business, Ruby.”

“No I don’t,” her sister said, ready for combat. “This is my house, and you’re our responsibility until you leave as a married woman.”

Nettie slapped her thigh. “Which means forever. Everyone knows I can’t be married.”

“Well, I’m glad to hear you say it, because from the looks of this numbers man, he hasn’t been made to understand that, or anything at all.”

“I’m just trying to do the Lord’s work. That’s all.”

This was the first time he saw Nettie back down a little bit, and he wanted to encourage her to keep fighting. Why shouldn’t she marry if she wanted to?

“Miss Nettie has been nothing but good for me and my daughter. I just wanted to show my appreciation by having her eat with us as a human being would, and not treat her as the help. Too many times we, as Negroes, are made to feel that way.” He meant what he said, and Ruby seemed impressed by his words when she straightened her short body up a few inches.

“Yes. Well, she can have dinner every day if she wants, but things should not progress any further.”

Clearly, Nettie was about to respond and he would have let her speak, but he knew further explanation by him was needed. “Miss Ruby, your sister is a beautiful and good woman. She has shown my daughter many things about being a woman.”

“Except how to dress, Daddy. I’m going to help her with that.”

Jay had to keep the smile from emerging on his face because Goldie had chosen this pivotal moment to misbehave. He frowned. “Children must be quiet unless they are addressed, Goldie Louise.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Anyway, she would make a lovely enhancement for any man’s life,” He insisted.

His words were true, but strangely, the sisters shared furtive glances between them that made no sense. Why couldn’t Nettie be married? Was there something wrong with her?

“She’s twenty-three, and she should be able to do as she pleases with her life.”

“Yes, but within reason, Mr. Evans. Unchaperoned young women—that is something that shouldn’t be allowed.”

He spread his hands. “Times are changing here in the roaring twenties, Miss Ruby.”

“Yes they are,” Nettie jumped in. “And if I cannot be married, I should be able to come and go as I please. Maybe I can find myself someplace to live.”

“Without money?” Ruby folded her arms. “I would love to see that.”

“I pay Miss Nettie amply for the work she does. If she wanted to find a place for herself, I don’t see why she couldn’t.”

Ruby backed into her husband physically, both of them clearly shocked. “Young women of good quality don’t live on their own,” Ruby said.

“Why not?” That obstinate quality was present in Nettie now.

Fight, Little Country. Fight.

“I cannot speak of such a thing with children present.” Ruby gestured to Goldie and Solomon, who had joined them. They were all ears, of course.

“I can certainly see why,” Nettie acknowledged.

What were they talking about? The practices of so-called good people were confusing.

“But if my comings and goings are such a problem for you, I can move out.” Nettie folded her arms.

“We’ll not have it.” Adam folded his arms. “You’re family and in your father’s stead, Ruby and I have a say over you. I’m happy that you have found a vocation, as Asa and I wanted you to do. However, you have been having a little too much involvement with this man, and it needs to end. I disagree with my wife. I think dinner means trouble.”

“Dinner is not trouble. Dinner is dinner.”

“It’s never that easy, Nettie. You must learn to take the advisement of those who know better.” Adam shook his head.

She threw up her hands. “If I’m to be punished for doing good work—”

He laid a hand on her arm. He had done it because it came naturally. It felt right to touch her in this moment when she was facing such consternation in those whom she loved. All because of him.

When Jay saw Ruby’s brown eyes stare at the placement of his hand, he knew it was a mistake, but somehow he did not care.

“I can understand if you wish Miss Nettie to not work for me anymore. However, my daughter might not. But, Nettie, you should think about what your family says. You can take off tomorrow and let me know on Sunday. When you come to get Goldie for church. We’ll abide by whatever you decide. Come on, Goldie.”

Jay disengaged his hand from her arm and turned to walk away. He put an arm around his daughter who started to get upset. Goldie fully understood what he said, but seemed hurt at the confusion in Nettie’s eyes.

Did she care for him? Maybe he did mean something to her. Meaning something to a woman like Nettie could give a numbers man some serious motivation for getting out of the game. But how?

Jay was tired of being chased down in alleys because someone proclaimed that he had not remembered a number correctly. He did not want an existence like that for Goldie. Still, outside of the game, what would a different life look like for a Negro man in 1923 Pittsburgh? Where would he go? How could he be worthy of Nettie? All of these questions swirled in his mind.

Leaving the game might be one way to prove to Nettie that he was worthy. And find a way to make some green space in the Hill. There had to be a way.

He gripped Goldie’s hand a little tighter as he escorted her home.

He had never seen it so clearly before now. An idea, and the very notion that it was not too late for him to change, gave him such hope.

If Nettie couldn’t go to work, she would meditate and reflect accordingly on what the right course of action would be.

Ruby overdid it completely, trying to be conciliatory at breakfast, joking with her, but she did not crack a smile. She did not mean to judge her sister, but somehow she had to let Ruby know that she took her life’s path very seriously. She ate only a piece of toast and drank a cup of tea.

She could tell that Ruby had several tasks lined up for her that day because she kept hinting at them, wanting her to say, “Oh, I can help with that.”

But she wouldn’t say it. She knew the anger in her heart was not right and she needed to pray about it. “I’m going to take some time to think today,” Nettie announced.

Ruby’s eyes widened a little bit more. Whenever Nettie had claimed thinking time away from the family, everyone, from her father on down to Delie, took her seriously. She expected no less from Ruby.

“Where?”

“If it’s all right with you and Adam, I’ll stay in my room.”

“Of course, why wouldn’t it be?”

“Since you want to know about my whereabouts, I was informing you.”

“Oh, I see. Well, let me know what you decide when you are through.”

Nettie nodded and went up to her room at the end of hall then shut the door. The nerve.

When she first arrived in Pittsburgh, Ruby had wanted her to have one of the grand guest rooms near the family. However, there was a little sewing room at the end of the hall, and that suited her much better. She was doubly glad she had asked for it now. She did not appreciate the proprietary air that Adam and Ruby had taken toward her, so the less room she took up, the better.

Nettie didn’t ask for this kind of time much, not since she was younger and would go off into the woods many hours at a time. Her family back in Georgia respected Nettie’s need to be alone.

There were no woods in the Hill, but Ruby would have to do the same.

The small sewing room at the end of the hall had a sloped ceiling because of its proximity to the edge of the roof. When she closed the door, the tears came, at first slowly then rapidly. She covered her face with her hands and sat on the small bed, shoulders shaking.

Spending time alone in the woods, she would ask God to help her feel better and her body to heal from her illness, claiming a closeness with him—had that all been lies? She thought she understood. Given the way she had been saved from the jaws of death, Nettie thought she was meant to devote her life to service.

She had done that, unceasingly, ever since. Nettie’d two years by herself to go on the revival tour with Brother Carver and Sister Jane. Those two years were like a school education in how to conduct a church service, how to survive on next to nothing until they could get fare to the next town, the next revival.

While away, Nettie was unable to do anything with her sisters. They’d formed bonds and she was always the lonely one in the middle. The one who wasn’t supposed to live long enough to be a grown-up, so no one had wasted much time on her. Nettie had learned how to be alone, thought she had to be…

Until she found Jay Evans in the alley. Then, her life had changed and all of the questions—all of the wrong questions—had started.

Who was this man? A man who worked in an illegal racket and did not take part in it? He made sure that everyone had a fair turn in winning, seeing their money back again? And had a little girl who tugged at Nettie’s heart so much she made her wish for what was not possible—a child of her own? Why had these people been put in her life?

Nettie lay down on the bed and put her hand on the Bible next to her. Unlike previous meditation sessions, she did not open it, but gathered comfort from putting her hand on it. Hot, slow tears slipped silently from her eyes.

They were a test. That was all. Jay and Goldie were a test that had to be endured. She would do as her family bid her—have less to do with them so that she wouldn’t be tempted anymore. She had done what she was supposed to do. She had saved Jay’s life in that alleyway, and now was paying a price for it. She would stop fighting her sister, go to the charity kitchen and do what was necessary there.

Nettie tried to block out the thought of Goldie’s hazel eyes and what she might say or think when she learned that her nanny, in effect, was turning her back on her. She had done the wrong thing, going in and firing Eva. She had interfered and she resolved to mind her own business from now on.

Goldie would find some other nanny, one who was better dressed than she, and Goldie would be fine. There were many other women in the world who would be glad to cook for Jay and mind his daughter for five dollars a day.

Tired, she lay down on her bed and went to sleep knowing that in her dreams she didn’t have to see two pairs of hazel eyes haunting her, asking her questions.

In the late afternoon, Solomon brought her a thick roast beef sandwich on a plate and asked if she would come down to dinner. When Nettie took the sandwich and told him no, he seemed very disappointed. Closing the door, she turned from watching her nephew walk down the hall in his dejected way. Solomon wasn’t around when she made her forays into the woods, and so he didn’t understand her need to be alone. Still, her heart caught in her throat when she saw how sad he was at her response.

They like me. She was pleased to think about Goldie and Solomon fighting with one another about whose house she belonged in. The realization made her feel warm as she ate her sandwich. Still, who would tell Goldie that Nettie didn’t belong in her house anymore?

The sandwich held her all night long. When she woke the next morning, Nettie felt resolved, as if she could do what needed to be done to distance herself from the numbers kingpin and his daughter. If she just thought about them in that way, it all became easier.

When she came downstairs in her usual attire and ate a bowl of oatmeal, she decided to preempt all of those questions in her sister’s eyes. “I’ll quit working there, just as you said. I won’t have anything to do with them, but I still believe it’s our job to bring Goldie to church.”

“It’s the right thing to do,” Ruby agreed. “And, you’ll see, you’ll come to understand that this is the better decision. Being in his house would raise too many questions. They don’t know about you and your health problems. People would still talk. ”

She nodded even though Ruby’s words stung, but she wasn’t going to let on to her sister as if she were hurt. She was resolved to stick with her plan, which was to make sure that Jay and Goldie did not etch themselves into her heart any further. But that voice, the one that she’d trusted all of her life, told her it was probably too late.

After he dropped the family off at church, Adam gave Nettie a ride up the hill to Jay’s house to pick up his daughter for church. Despite her resolve, her heart lurched a bit when she saw the house. She would not be working there or cooking meals for them anymore, and that realization dragged on her soul a bit.

Climbing out of the car, she went to the front door to knock on it. When the door opened, she was surprised to see Jay looking much more disheveled and alarmed than his usual cool self. His handsome features were distorted with fear, an emotion that Nettie did not recognize in him.

“Thank God you’re here.” He ran a hand over his short hair. “I didn’t want to leave her alone. Did Doc Morson bring you?”

“Adam? He’s out in the car. What’s wrong?” Nettie’s heart pounded hard and heavy in her chest.

“Goldie’s sick. She’s running a fever and I don’t know what to do for her.”

She did not care about her long skirt—she clenched it as ran to the car to get Adam. He could help the precious little girl.

Suddenly, she understood Jay’s fear for his child.

And prayed as she never had before.





Chapter Eleven


When Goldie first started acting strangely, Jay thought she was sad over what happened at Miss Ruby’s house or the possibility that Nettie might not come back and be her nanny anymore. He believed his daughter was taking out her concern by acting differently. Nettie had left the icebox full of leftovers, so there was plenty to eat for lunch, but Goldie didn’t want any of it.

When Goldie wasn’t hungry, he felt that smothery feeling again. His little girl always had a hefty appetite, but wanted to go to her room instead, a cold hand of fear gripped him in his chest.

He had not felt that way since Clara died. He hated how it made him feel out of control, unable to swallow. Or that his hands started to sweat. It was a feeling he had been able to avoid for two years now, and Jay liked being in charge of his life.

Now he wasn’t in control and he didn’t know what to do. He had been up all night, praying Nettie would still come and get her in the morning for church. He had never seen Goldie like this—feverish, thirsty, sleeping too heavily. Sometimes, he wanted to shake her, just so Goldie would wake up so he would know she was alive.

Please, God, don’t take her from me and leave me here all alone. She’s all I have.

Even as he repeated his simple prayer, he knew that wasn’t quite true. Still, after what happened yesterday, Nettie’s family might not even allow her to come and get Goldie for church. Maybe they didn’t care for her as much as they said they did.

He had a phone, but he knew that Adam didn’t.

I’m going to get one installed for him, to thank him if Goldie comes out of this fever. When she does.

So it was music to his ears when Nettie knocked on the door. Now she was here and her calm, reassuring presence, along with her brother as a doctor, made him feel better. It wasn’t until they’d come inside to check on Goldie that he realized with a start—God had heard his prayer.

And he was not alone. He had never been.

All this time, Jay believed God had turned his back on him. He believed—no, he knew—God had not cared about him or his little daughter since he saw fit to take Clara away. But now he knew that wasn’t true because he had heard his prayer and sent him Nettie.

Nettie was a beam of sunshine in his life. He had not even realized that he was walking in darkness until she came and picked him up from the gutter.

Jay was in awe of Nettie as he watched her move quickly to care for his child. She was the definition of all that was dignified and strong, with her straight, beautiful carriage. His heart felt as if it were healing as Nettie went up the stairs, right after Adam, who had brought his bag, ready to help .

He loved her concern, and seeming as if Nettie loved Goldie. He wanted to weep with joy at the fact that there was someone on this earth who loved Goldie like he did. He hadn’t even thought to ask for that, but now, here it was, like a special gift.

Jay reached a hand up to his face and was surprised to find it moist. Sweat? Tears? Both? He didn’t know, but the water that was on his face washed him anew. The water cleared his vision and he knew that the dissatisfaction he had been feeling at the policy game had grown. All because of Nettie.

Nettie. He knew that she would not want him to be part of the game. He had to get out. But how?

Adam came down the stairs, wiping his hands on a rag. “I gave her some medicine, but she bears watching. Whatever she has is probably contagious, so she should stay here. Nettie says she’ll stay and watch out for her. Too bad it’s Sunday and I can’t hire a nurse, but she’ll have to do for now. I’m going on to church with my family, but I’ll come by later on with more medicine and see if her fever has come down.”

Jay refrained from mentioning a chaperone. Instead, he asked, “What is wrong with her?”

“With a very high fever like this, it could be a number of things. We just have to wait and see what it comes to.”

“What could it be?” He knew he sounded like an idiot, but he couldn’t help himself. Goldie had never been sick…at least not while he was around.

He sagged against the wall. There were so many times when Goldie was much younger that he hadn’t been around. This couldn’t have been the first time his daughter had fallen ill, leaving Clara to this kind of worry—all alone. I’m sorry, Clara. How could he have been so thoughtless?

“I don’t know yet,” Adam said in a gentle way, but more insistently. “It could be chicken pox or something more serious.”

Jay’s heart thudded in his chest, trying to imagine what was worse. Then he knew and voiced it—“Polio.”

Adam shook his head. “It isn’t warm enough for polio yet.”

“It’s been nice lately.” He thought of their walk last night back to the house. And the time in the country.

“There’s so much we don’t know yet. We can’t speculate. That’s why I’m leaving Nettie here to make sure that Goldie stays comfortable. If anything is alarming to either one of you, send Nettie. I’ll come.”

“Thank you, Doctor. Thank you so much for coming here and bringing Nettie and taking care of my daughter. She’s all I have.” He did not expect his voice to crack, and Jay knew that he should have been embarrassed when it did. Strangely, though, he was not.

Adam put a hand on his shoulder and spoke to him directly, “Would you like for us to pray for her today?”

The answer came to his lips, clearly and easily. “Yes, please do.”

“Then we’ll lift her up in prayer in church for a revelation to know what is going on with her so that I can best know how to treat her. Try not to worry. Take care. You are still recovering from your injury.”

Jay watched as Adam let himself out of the house, relieved to know Nettie was there. No, he was happy to know she was there. In the midst of his worry about Goldie, the fact that Nettie hadn’t left made everything better.

He had to stop himself from climbing the stairs two at a time because of the joy he felt in going to Nettie, even as his daughter was ill. Someone was with him. He didn’t know how he would do it, but he was going to let Nettie know. Somehow. He felt no fear in her certain rejection of him, but she had to know what was in his heart.

Nettie sat in a chair next to Goldie’s bed and bathed her dear brown face with a wet towel. Carefully and with love, she drew the cloth down Goldie’s stick-thin arms. Well, they weren’t as stick thin as they were a few short weeks ago. Her cooking had done that.

She marveled at all of it. Here she was, someone who was always thought of as the worst cook in the family, the one in the middle—poor Nettie who couldn’t sew, clean right, cook right, have babies or anything—all she could do was show her love for the Lord. But this little girl and her father did not seem to care. They accepted her as she was, and the thought that Goldie had gained weight and strength from her cooking and love made her proud. She had given the child what she needed to fight this dreadful disease. Because the last thing she wanted for Goldie was that she be anything like her.

When she opened her eyes, Jay was standing there, watching her as she prayed. Listening to her. But she felt no shame, no embarrassment. Normally, Nettie didn’t pray aloud; she just felt what she needed in her heart. But Goldie needed special intervention on this Palm Sunday. Though she didn’t believe Goldie was in any real danger, she knew Jay was afraid for his daughter, and the look of fear on his face moved her. Jay hadn’t even looked this fearful when he was shot.

She knew his fear now, seeing him standing there, watching them. To see him like that tore her heart open. Yesterday’s prayers not to feel for this man had not worked at all. Why had she been pulled her deeper into their situation?

This moment was the first time Nettie understood. She was the same as any other woman who wanted to be with a man.

“Is she better?”

“I’ve been bathing Goldie to cool her down. Let’s hope the fever breaks soon.”

Jay came and stood next to her, and his close proximity made her feel unsettled.

“You were praying for her.”

“I know of nothing else to do at a time like this.”

“Yes you do. You can be there for her as a woman. She really…”

She watched Jay swallow and struggle in the moment. And wanted to touch him. She did, before she knew what she was doing, because Nettie could not stand to see Jay suffer.

“I know. I understand. She means a great deal to me, too.”

Jay reached down and curled his fingers with Nettie’s, intertwining them. The warmth of their contact marked a magical moment in her life. She sat there with a cold, damp washcloth in her other hand and never felt so torn between two extremes.

Suddenly, he sank to his knees next to the chair and Goldie’s bed. The suddenness of the gesture took her by surprise, as did his closeness.

“She’ll get better. You’ll see.”

“She doesn’t get sick that often, if at all. All those years I would be away on business, Clara had her and I never knew what she’d been through or what to do. It was all my fault. Clara slipped away from life because I wasn’t there.”

She squeezed his hand. “That can’t be true.”

“Yes. I cared too much for making money, for making the game a success. I had to give her this house, these things, to make sure that my wife and daughter didn’t have to live in poverty.”

“There’s nothing wrong with hard work.”

Jay scrutinized her with his hazel eyes. “There is if you neglect the ones you love.”

Something warm washed over her in that moment and she put down the rag.

She let go of Jay. To focus.

“Why are you here?” Jay’s question came out as a whisper, but it echoed loudly in a room that was usually filled with the laughter and voice of a young child.

“I want to help.”

“Why? In my world, people do for themselves. They don’t want to help.”

“I do,” she reassured him.

“That’s very unusual.”

“I love her too.”

“I guess I can see that. Thank you for taking your job so seriously.”

She gave him a severe look. “Goldie is more than a job. She is a beautiful little child I’m glad of the time I’ve spent with her.”

“And what will she do when you go?” Jay asked her. Just that directly.

Why did he press her? He had his daughter to think of, she knew but he was pushing a button inside of her. His questions were like a wound that you kept messing with. You just had to know if you were healing—or not.

“I’m not planning on going.”

“Not even when your sister disapproves of me? She doesn’t want you working here. She practically threatened to throw you out if you came back. And you did. Are you here just because Goldie is sick?”

“What do you mean?”

“What did you decide?”

Several emotions passed over her face. “I had decided to just continue on with the school and not come back. Before this.”

Again, a whisper, but her words hit him hard, almost like a punch in the stomach. “Why weren’t you going to come back?”

“I-I love Goldie.”

Nettie looked away from him, but Jay had to force the issue. “That doesn’t make sense. You weren’t going to come back because you love Goldie?”

She breathed out. “I wasn’t coming back because I was getting too attached.”

“But now you are here.” The duplicity of her words struck Jay like another blow, even though he knew she was not capable of lying.

“She needed me. I was wrong for thinking of going away.”

“It’s not right for you to play with my daughter’s emotions.”

Nettie shrank back in her chair, almost physically shocked by the accusation. “I’m not playing with her emotions. It’s hard for me to be close to a situation like my own.” She sighed. “I was sick in bed a lot as a child. Goldie, at least, has had a chance to run and play. That wasn’t me. I didn’t even get to go to the schoolhouse until I was nine.”

“What was wrong with you?” Jay’s heart softened just that much more and he marveled anew at the effect Nettie had on him.

“No one knows. I would just be very weak and have to be taken care of. Whatever it was, it caused me to lose my hair.” Nettie touched the bun at the back of her neck, as if to reassure herself she still had hair. “And it meant that I developed a closer relationship with God than a lot of other people usually do.”

“I see.”

“When I saw you and you said Goldie was sick, I was taken back to those days. I knew I had to do whatever I could to help Goldie. Because I love her.”

He watched as Nettie reached down and caressed Goldie’s little, hot face.

“Thank you for that.”

“And I guess I have you to thank for making me realize that abandoning Goldie was wrong. This child has been put in my path for a reason and I have to honor that.”

“I appreciate that. But I’m her father and I have to protect her from being hurt.”

“I know. I wouldn’t hurt her for anything.”

“So, when your sister said she wanted you to stay with her, it hurt Goldie’s feelings. She cried all night. I think it compromised her health somehow.”

Nettie sat up. “You cannot believe that my sister saying things in front of Goldie caused her to be sick. Ruby would never hurt a child.”

“No, not intentionally, I guess. But she hurt my daughter and I won’t have that anymore. That’s why I asked you what you decided. So, you can go now.”

“I don’t want to leave.”

He felt a muscle in his jaw twitch, a sure sign his heart was being ripped in two. “What do you mean?”

“I was wrong. I was wrong to decide what I did.”

“I see.”

“Please let me stay.”

They heard a little moan from the inert figure on the bed and his attention shifted to Goldie.

“Stay, Daddy.”

“Yes, honey. I’m here.”

Goldie’s little face winced and it about pulled him apart. “Miss Net. Stay too.”

He looked over at Nettie. “Well, Goldie says she wants you to stay. I guess you win. I understand now you didn’t have anything to do with Clara’s death. But know this. No one, I mean no one, plays with my little girl’s heart and gets away with it.”

There. He’d put his best swagger out. He expected Nettie to be intimidated. Most people were when he turned on his serious voice. However, he could see that she was clearly not impressed.

“I’m not in the business of hurting Goldie.” Nettie took up the cloth and wiped at Goldie’s forehead. “I’m here, honey.”

Watching someone show such care for his child was more than Jay could watch. He stood up to walk to the door. “I’ll go chip up some more ice.”

“Fine.”

What would it take to get Nettie to leave them alone now? It had to be a mighty thing. He was not in the habit of denying Goldie anything, because she had been through so much in her young life.

He wouldn’t deny her Nettie. He just had to figure out how to deny himself and still be able to tolerate Nettie being around without falling further in love with her. Jay did not like confusion in his life and this woman represented more than he could bear.

Nettie wiped Goldie’s feverish brow and blew out a breath. She didn’t like being under Jay’s scrutiny, and when he walked out of the room, she sagged and knelt next to the bed. “There, little Goldie. Rest. You need to get better.”

“The pageant.”

“Don’t worry about it. We need you to get better. That’s what matters.”

“Don’t leave.”

Nettie wanted to cry at the usually talkative girl being limited to so few words because of her illness. “I won’t, sweetie. I’ll stay as long as you want.”

Goldie gave a little smile and closed her eyes. “I get.”

“I get?” Nettie was confused.

“I want.”

“You want?”

“You. Mama.”

The child did not have to use complete sentences to be understood. Her heart pounded fast. “Oh, honey. Just lie back and rest. You don’t have to worry about anyone being your mama.”

“I want—”

“Shhh.”

“You. My mama.” Goldie’s eyes flew open again, seemingly searching for that one spot in her throat that was causing her pain. To avoid it.

Nettie knew that so well. To want to be able to talk, but your body won’t let you, as if your soul were trapped. She gripped the girl’s hand to give her strength, and settle her down at the same time. “No you Solly house.”

“Shhh, Goldie.”

“Live here. Be my mama.”

Nettie lifted her gaze to the shadow at the door. Jay Evans stood in the doorway, holding a bowl of chipped ice. He had heard every word coming from Goldie’s lips.





Chapter Twelve


Nettie wanted him to think she hadn’t heard what Goldie said, Jay could tell. She retrieved a small brush on Goldie’s nightstand. “Want to look pretty, lovey?”

Goldie nodded and Nettie began to undo the braid on Goldie’s left. “She’s delirious,” Nettie whispered.

He came into the room with the bowl and put it on the nightstand. He couldn’t feel resentment about Nettie taking up the task; she did it so much better than he did. It was just one more thing, one more way, that Nettie was, whether she knew it or not, using her wiles to pull him out of a deep, dark hole that he hadn’t even known he was in. Nettie was pure light, and she illuminated everything.

“What did you say?”

Nettie brushed gently, so as not to increase the pain that Goldie was obviously feeling. “She’s…delirious. She’s saying things she doesn’t know. She’s out of her head.”

His heart thudded in his chest. How could this be happening to his little girl? He knew lots of Negro children, lots of them, who didn’t make it to adulthood. What made him any different? He believed that because Goldie lost her mama and he lost his wife, somehow he could bargain and be left alone. That was not the way it worked.

Jay went and sat in the chair Nettie had vacated as she worked quietly, using a jar of grease to help ease the dandruff on Goldie’s scalp since they could not wash her hair just now.

“What did you say, Gold?” He leaned over.

“She needs her rest, Mr. Evans.” Nettie gently applied the goo to his daughter’s scalp.

He knew, but he had to hear his little girl, to know if she was out of her head. “I’ve got an ice chip, Gold. Come on. Talk to me.”

Goldie’s red, feverish eyes held his, and she opened her mouth like a bird for the ice chip.

He reached into the bowl and leaned forward, rubbing the chip over her lips. “Let that cool water go down your throat and tell me what you want, baby girl.”

Goldie did as she was told and a sheen of the ice water appeared over her rough little lips. It took another ice chip before Goldie cleared her throat.

He was all ears.

“Mama. Nettie. Mama.”

Jay pulled back from his daughter.

Nettie smoothed down the braid she had just refashioned, and stood to go to the other side of the bed to rebraid the one on that side. The side away from Jay. She settled herself to her task.

“She doesn’t understand.”

“Goldie may be seven, but there is a lot that she understands.”

His heart did a little flip at Goldie’s request. Nettie be his wife? Was it possible? No. She knew him for a sinner and she thought he wasn’t good enough for her. Besides, he had no idea how she might feel about it, and he was not up for rejection just now. Not when Goldie was so sick.

“I need it, Daddy.”

He was heartened to hear Goldie speak an entire sentence. Maybe she was getting better. “Get rest, Gold. Go back to sleep.” He patted Goldie’s hand and sat back in the chair.

As Nettie back past him to attach hair ribbons on the other side of Goldie’s braids, he could see her slender form move beneath the heavy, old-lady clothes she wore, and something stirred inside of him—strange feelings he had not felt in a long time.

Everything, nearly all of him, got poured into policy, and there was little time for anything else—just Goldie. Now, Nettie and her light had brought more to him, had made him want more. The desire inside made him nervous, but seeing Nettie move across the room—with her old-timey, near floor-length dress, her graceful neck and the beautiful, heavy black hair gracing its nape—Jay wanted her.

God, please help me with this desire.

Even as the words formed in his mind, he felt ridiculous. He didn’t want Nettie to be afraid of him, but he didn’t know what else to do. He hadn’t approached a woman, any woman, since he dated Clara seriously about ten years ago, so he was woefully out of practice. Maybe Nettie was right to decide to distance herself from both of them. He would let her know that just as soon as Goldie was better. That might help.

“Adam didn’t say delirium was part of her illness. Maybe I should go get him.”

“She’s not out of her head. Goldie…” he had to smile, “…my baby girl always knows what she wants.”

“She’s asking for her mama and her mama is not living.”

He shook his head, delighted in spite of himself at Nettie’s interpretation of Goldie’s words. “She wants a mama, not her mama. She knows her mama is not alive.”

“A mama?”

It was now or never. “You. She wants you. To be her mama.”

Something twisted in his gut at Nettie’s possible rejection of him. Already. He was ready for Nettie to become snobbish or haughty at the news that Goldie wanted her for a mama.

Instead, she looked frightened.

Did he frighten her? Immediately, Jay prepared to apologize.

Nettie held up a hand. “I know that could never be.”

“Never? That’s a long while.”

“I could never be someone’s wife.”

“You mean my wife. Because of what I do.”

Nettie fixed her attention on closing the tin of grease and tying up Goldie’s hair ribbons. “There, lovey. You look wonderful.”

“I want you to answer me, Miss Garnet Bledsoe.”

“I will, Mr. Evans.”

He was relieved, even though his heart thudded hard at the thought of her possible response.

She turned to him. “I told you before about how I was sick as a child.”

“You did.”

“That sickness in my childhood left me with some problems.”

His heart twisted at what her suffering must have been. Suffering had caused Nettie pain and he would not wanted that for her. Ever. “What kind of problems?” He had to know. He wanted to know all about her.

“Female problems. Deep inside.”

Jay almost physically flinched, but he had not been a policy man for all of these years for no reason. He had seen it all, heard it all. “What kind of female problems?”

“The kind that means that no man will ever want me for a wife.”

“Is that it?”

“Isn’t that enough?”

He had not expected that she would, or could, turn on him and be this kind of angry. “I’m sorry for prying, Miss Nettie. I had to investigate for my daughter’s sake.”

“I understand.”

“Even though I don’t really know what you are talking about.”

She stood up and faced him from the other side of Goldie’s bed and whispered, “I cannot have children.”

“I see.” Now he did see. He felt a pain twist in his heart for her. Anyone could see in the way that she treated Goldie and the other children at the church school that Nettie was a natural mother. She would be wonderful for some fortunate children that she would never bear. “I’m sorry to hear that, especially if you wanted children.”

She shook her head. “It all worked the way it should. I’m meant to serve in the church.”

“Excuse me, Miss Nettie, if I don’t agree.”

“What?”

“Let me see if I understand what you are saying.” He stood and moved to her.

“Okay.”

She seemed wary at his movement, but he had to know—Jay wanted to understand everything about her. “You were sick as a child. You don’t know why, but you must have gotten better. You’re here.”

“Yes.”

“You had some problems. Female problems that meant you cannot have any children.” He watched her dip her graceful neck in shame and it was a posture that did not suit her.

“Yes.”

Standing over her, he put a finger under her chin. He did not realize that he was touching her until it was too late. And he wasn’t sorry he had, because it brought all kinds of warmth to his body. “And that’s what makes you unsuitable for a man?”

She lifted her chin off of his finger. “That’s right.”

“Nonsense.”

“What?” Nettie seemed genuinely confused.

He was not. “Who told you that? Someone in the country?” He tried to be funny about it to get her to see how foolish it all was, but she didn’t smile at him.

He watched Nettie search her mind, go back through memories, ones that were obviously painful, where Nettie was told that she didn’t measure up. He didn’t like that she had such memories, and Jay was determined to confront whomever had told her such nonsense. Might have been those religious people she had hung around with.

Nettie shrugged her slight shoulders. “My parents, my sisters. I don’t know.”

“Your family told you that jazz?”

“It’s not jazz.” Her voice rose somewhat as she stared down at Goldie who was resting peacefully.

“Yes it is.”

“All men want their own children.”

“Maybe some. But some others who have their own children already might just want a woman.”

“Some, but—”

“When you’ve been on the streets as long as I have, you see so many children who are already here in the world who need someone like you.”

“Not in Winslow.”

“I mean here in the big city, Little Country. Haven’t you seen that since you’ve been here? At the church even?”

“Yes, but sometimes I want to be like other women. To experience the miracle myself.” Tears rimmed Nettie’s large brown eyes.

“Did you ever think about it in another way, as a blessing?”

“How could being barren be a blessing?”

“You’re too sheltered. I should take you down Kirkpatrick Street sometime to see the crowded apartments where I have to collect stakes.”

“Why would I do that?”

“So that you can see women who have to have children endlessly until they die.”

“Ruby tells me some things from her nursing.”

“It’s tragic. Some folks say, ‘Why do they keep on when they know it will kill them?’”

“Why do they?”

He should have known. Nettie didn’t understand. She was coming at this from an entirely practical perspective. “Children are the result of a man and a woman loving each other.”

“Oh. Yes.”

She almost understood what he was saying. He could see it in her eyes. “Someone who couldn’t have children wouldn’t have to worry about those things. They could do whatever they want. However many times they want.” He touched Nettie’s arm, moving a step closer to her, and knew the exact moment when what he was talking about clicked in her mind.

She pulled away from his touch. “Oh. Mr. Evans, I don’t think you should say those things to me.”

“I’m sure that you don’t. Because it would require you to think about it in a different way. A way that you like.”

“I was saying what you imply isn’t proper. Now I’m saying I don’t think it is any of your business, sir.”

“I make ignorance my business when I see it.”

“Oh, I see. I’m a little, ignorant country girl, as you call it, and you’re going to set it right?”

He moved closer to her. He had meant to overwhelm her, just to see what she would do to match him. Yet, he was the one who felt overwhelmed. By all of this. “I sure could.”

This time Nettie didn’t pull away. She was quivering with anger and that pleased him. He didn’t like it, of course, when her anger was directed at him, necessarily, but he could see that she had fire and will and determination. How dare Nettie’s family tell her that she wasn’t as good? If he were standing in front of Mrs. Morson right now, he might tell her a thing or two.

“My life isn’t your concern and we shouldn’t discuss this.”

“Your life is my concern because it is touching my daughter’s life. I don’t want her growing up with some country mind-set about what makes someone of value.”

“It’s not a country mind-set.”

“It is. Women have the right to vote now. Women can do things, and be things, not just a mother to children for a man. I want that for Goldie. I want someone who believes in all those things to be her mother.”

The thought of finding someone else after Clara had not occurred to him until this woman had come into his life a few short weeks ago. Now, finding someone seemed entirely possible. If only he could convince her.

Nettie nodded. “I think that would be good for her.”

“I want her to go to college and to think for herself and not go along with stuff that’s other people might think about a Negro girl.” He looked down at his feverish little girl, realizing that what he’d said sounded like a prayer. The more he did it, the more it seemed natural to him after so many years.

“That would be nice for her.”

“But if someone came along for Goldie, I would want her to be valuable to him as more than just the mother of his children. I named her Goldie for a reason.”

“I see.”

He turned to Nettie. “Do you? Really? Or are you still thinking in that country way of yours?”

She opened her mouth. She shouldn’t have done that. He didn’t want to hear her response just then. He didn’t know if Nettie would say the right thing, and there was only one way he knew to stop her.

It had been such a long time since he had kissed a woman. Still, once he put an arm around her waist and drew her in, there was no going back. Nor did he want to. He pulled her close and touched his lips to hers.

He had only intended it to be a short kiss. One that was just a peck, like how someone might kiss his sister. However, when Nettie’s soft lips touched his, he nearly came undone. He had been a man wandering in the desert. How dare he believe that he could do without this, without the touch of this amazing woman and all that came with her? He needed Nettie. Goldie needed her.

Now the battle was to convince her of their need. That would be tough.

So Jay kissed Nettie since he couldn’t bear to hear her say no.

Nettie had known his lips would feel this wonderful, ever since she had found him in the gutter near Ruby’s house. They were like a whirlpool drawing her in farther and deeper. These tingly feelings she had were what her mother, Sister Jane, her father, Brother Carver, Ruby and Mags, called sinful.

They had all warned her against this very definition of the devil. So why did she, not feel the evil when Jay held her so tightly Why did it make her feel that she understood what life was about? All the time she had spent on the road, touring and helping people to the church—why did that feel fake all of a sudden? As if she had been living in a dream world? His kiss firmly placed her in reality as a woman, not as the shy girl who had to stay inside while everyone else got to go out and play all the time. The one who could pitch some of the time.

Oh my. That was what sin was all about. It was tricky. It was deceptive. And as he was kissing her, she now understood why it was such a big deal about Asa and Adam not be left alone with her sisters while they courted. She knew what it was like to want to stand before a man without any clothes on and desire to share herself with him. Nothing but sin. The realization made her remember, and in an agonizing way. She put her hands to his delicious chest—which for a split second made it all worse—and pushed Jay from her, forcing him to stop.

She backed away, blinking, not knowing what the protocol was at such a moment. Nettie felt that she should reach up and draw her wrist across her mouth, but she knew that would be rude and a real repudiation of Jay. Besides, she didn’t want to. If it was to be the only kiss that she would ever have with him, she would keep it, and remember it as something to dream on, something never to be indulged in again.

“Little Country, you’ve never been kissed before, have you?”

The anger she had felt before came rushing back. “Who would kiss me, the sick girl? Yes, you’re right, I suppose. I had them lined up back there in Winslow.”

She thought he would be angry, but instead he started to laugh, a deep bass kind of laugh that made her smile in spite of herself at the serious thing that had happened between them.

Goldie shifted slightly in her bed and Jay squelched his laughter.

“I mean, really, Miss Nettie? No one?” It was too serious a question to reply with a lie, even though she was very embarrassed by her own lack of attractiveness. She shook her head, unable to speak.

“Those country boys in Georgia are a bunch of fools, for sure.”

“No…” she moved past him, to the chair, and sat down to quiet her quivering knees, “…I’m the fool. That cannot happen again, Mr. Evans.”

Jay moved next to the chair, standing over her. “Can’t you even call me Jay after that kiss?”

“No.”

“And I cannot call you Garnet? Your real name? A precious name?”

“Garnets are only semiprecious.”

He reached down and pulled her up by her shoulders, forcing her to look at him. “We are all precious and special in every way. Especially you.”

Please give me strength.

She drew on the special connection that she’d had all of her life. She shrugged out of Jay’s hold and stood as firmly as she could on her own. “I think we should have some lunch, don’t you, Mr. Evans? We need to maintain our strength for Goldie’s sake. I think you should give her some more ice chips and I’ll pull something together for us to eat.”

She stepped around Jay—not an easy task, given how broad he was—and walked out of the door, still glad that she’d had the good sense to wear a corset. Too many young women today did not wear one. This time, the 1920s, was loose and immoral. The corset, Nettie could see, had served its purpose in holding her up when she wanted to be a puddle on the floor at Jay’s touch.

When Goldie was well, she needed to do something about it…to correct the situation.

But what could she do when Jay’d already captured her heart?





Chapter Thirteen


Nettie’s lunch of pea soup and a beef sandwich was delicious. After she fixed it, Nettie set it on the table and announced someone should check on Goldie. She then went back upstairs before Jay could say anything.

He sat alone in his dining room and ate, but he forced the food down. The bread from the sandwich stuck in his throat. Was Goldie feeling better? Should he have kissed Nettie? Taken advantage of her under these circumstances?

Kissing her was pure fire. One best avoided.

When Adam and Ruby Morson came to the door, inquiring after Goldie, they looked around to see where Nettie was. Adam stepped over the threshold, confident in his welcome, but Jay felt the intense gaze of the petite woman with Nettie’s brown eyes. It was as if Ruby knew of his desire for her sister. He counteracted her looks with good thoughts about the right intentions.

The thoughts of a life with Nettie made him feel better, so much better he could eat again. Still, the way that he felt about Nettie was pure torture. He would rather face being shot again. There had to be a better way.

Adam lifted his head as he listened to Goldie’s chest. “She seems to be improving. She still bears watching, though.”

Once Adam stepped back from his examination, Nettie caressed Goldie’s limbs as she washed her down with a cool cloth. Her motions were that of a mother, so loving and gentle.

The lump was still in Jay’s throat. Goldie needed that loving.

When Nettie stood next to Jay during the examination, tall and dignified, she made him believe that Goldie could have a mother again. It was like believing in Santa Claus. This time though, the thing called love really did exist. Now that Jay knew love was there, he was eager and willing to partake of it.

How did Nettie feel?

Nettie lifted a nervous, slightly shaking hand to her throat as she watched Adam examine Goldie. His heart swelled with pride and affection as Nettie showed her concern for his child, as if she were her own. Why couldn’t Goldie be hers too? Jay was perfectly willing to share his daughter with a fine woman like Nettie, but she would have to take them both, and Jay knew that he fell far short of what she wanted.

“She still needs close attention,” Ruby came over to Nettie and whispered. “We left the children at Mrs. Caldwell’s, but we have to get back.”

“Of course.”

“You come on with us and Adam can call some night nurses to come here now that church is over. I know some who would be glad of this work opportunity and will take very good care of her.” Ruby put a hand on her sister’s shoulder, as if to push Nettie to the door.

A flame sparked within him. He didn’t think it was appropriate to be angry any woman, but Ruby had gone too far.

How could she just assume that he would want to call in a stranger to look after Goldie? She was all he had. His feelings would have spilled into rage, except when he refocused his attention on Nettie, he could see she shared the same flame that burned in him. The flame reached her eyes and she met her sister, gaze for gaze, there in Goldie’s darkened room.

“I’ve promised to care for her. I’ll take care of her. There’s no need for a night nurse.”

Ruby pointed. “Out in the hall. Now.”

“No, Ruby. I’ll not be bossed by you on this. I have been charged to take care of this little girl, and I’ll do it.”

“There are others, professionals, who can do it,” Ruby hissed, her eyes darting between Nettie and Jay.

He knew why Ruby said what she did. It had nothing to do with Nettie’s capability and everything to do with him. He was the one who was the problem. The realization hurt him, and he hurt worse for Nettie. But Nettie could take care of it and his heart warmed at the thought.

“You cannot stay here alone at night.”

“I’m here to take care of Goldie. If other people want to think other things, I’ll not stop them. Jesus washed the feet of the fallen woman, too.”

“Nettie, this is insanity.” Adam closed his bag after examining Goldie. “Come on home with us.”

Nettie turned from her brother-in-law back to Goldie. “I love this little girl. And she needs love right now to pull her through, not just care.”

“What about the school tomorrow?”

“I want to make sure that Goldie is all right. I can leave from here in the morning to go to the school.”

Adam’s hand went to his wife’s shoulder and he nudged her toward the door. Ruby’s eyes practically glinted in the dim light of the cloudy March afternoon, but Nettie matched her.

Still, he didn’t want to be the cause of trouble in Nettie’s family. “Maybe you should go with them.”

“I know what I am doing.” Nettie sat down in the wooden chair by Goldie’s bed.

He stood at the foot of Goldie’s bed, facing her. “I just don’t want you to be hurt by any talk or scandal. I know what folks say about me, let alone you.”

“This is my work, and it’s not for you or me to fight it.”

“If you stay here, you will be like the fallen woman in the Bible.”

“If it means that the tears of Jesus will wash my feet, then it will have been worth it.” Nettie turned to him as he stood in the corner. “I’ll not leave her.”

“You aren’t just doing this to show your sister something?”

“Everything has always been about doing what Ruby says. She’s not right in this. I am. If she wants to kick me out, then she will, and I’ll find somewhere else to live or go home.”

He sank down next to her, sitting on the floor. “Do you really think she would do that?”

“I have no idea. I only know snooty churchgoers may have something to say about me being here. And I don’t care anymore.”

He was almost lost when Nettie reached for his hand and gripped it. “We can face whatever we have to. The main thing here is Goldie. Let’s pray.”

He did not feel the least bit awkward or strange as he rearranged himself on his knees and listened to Nettie’s words. That electric charge between them sparked when she took his hand and squeezed it intensely as she spoke her heartfelt words.

“Amen.” When he opened his eyes, her gaze was on him.

“How do you feel?”

“Been ages since I have prayed.”

“I know.”

“How did you know?”

“Your knees creaked when you knelt on the floor.”

His heart turned over at her genuine goodness—tempered with a slight touch of teasing.

“They did.” He smiled back at her, “I’m not even going to lie. But I feel fine.”

Nettie gazed back down at the sleeping Goldie. “That is God’s peace. There are so many who are trying to reach that peace. Even at Freedom, where they’ll be willing to call me a whore for staying here with you tonight to fight for Goldie’s life. But I don’t care. Let them say what they will. My work is here, to see that she gets well.”

He squeezed Nettie’s hand and tried not to feel disappointed as she slid her grip from his. “We’re glad to have you here.”

“She’s a very special child. And thank you for speaking to me truthfully earlier. It has given me a lot to think about.”

He touched Nettie’s arm and once more rested his hand in hers. Touching her was so natural, and so right—how could anyone say that what he felt was wrong? She did not withdraw from him this time and they sat in comfortable silence all night long, both of them consumed with love for the child sleeping before them.

With the dawn came a realization. He was in love with Nettie Bledsoe. If he wanted to be worthy of Nettie, he had to turn his whole life upside down to make room for her.

He was willing.

Goldie’s moan woke Nettie from her sleep. She reached for the jar of water that was kept by Goldie’s bed, poured a glass and sprinkled some droplets of water on Goldie’s parched lips. When she touched Goldie’s hand, it was cool, not warm. Thank you, God. Her fever had broken.

Nettie turned to Jay, who had laid his head down at the foot of Goldie’s bed. “Jay,” she shook him slightly, careful to avoid his sore shoulder, “her fever has broken.”

He was up in an instant, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and holding Goldie’s hand. “Thank you, God. Thank you.”

She stood up and stretched, feeling old in the same wrinkled shirtwaist and skirt. “I’ll make you all some breakfast, maybe try to get her to eat an egg. Then I’ll go and get Adam to come and visit her, as I go by the church to tell them there is no school today.” She faced Jay. “She’s going to be better.”

“Thank you.”

His intense hazel gaze threatened to undo her. The feeling of wanting to take off her corset came over her again.

“I’ll be back soon.” She practically ran from the room to do all that she said before Jay could rattle her again.

When Goldie woke, she ate about half an egg.

When Nettie was satisfied that it would stay down, she put on her suit coat and left in the chilled Pittsburgh dawn. She would stop at the church first to leave the message about not having school today and then go get Adam to see about Goldie.

As usual, Nettie was one of the first workers in the charity kitchen, but when she walked in, there was dead silence. The usual sound of the children gathering for breakfast did not greet her. The sight of the nearly bare basement stunned her. No children were gathered in there.

“Good morning,” she said to another staffer, but the woman did not return her greeting.

Mrs. Caldwell, who presided over the grits, directed another woman to take up the task of stirring. “Nettie,” Mrs. Caldwell gestured to her, “come here.”

Mrs. Caldwell took her to a corner of the room and whispered to her, “You shouldn’t have come here looking that rumpled, dear.”

“What?”

“I mean, you don’t look your neat, normal self.” Mrs. Caldwell’s eyes refused to meet hers.

“I was taking care of Goldie all night. She was sick.”

“Yes, I know. Adam and Ruby said, but no one expected you to stay there all night.” She seemed to squirm under Nettie’s gaze. “People are talking about it, honey, that’s all I’m saying. You know I think you did right, and Jay is a good man, despite what people say, but…”

“But I stayed all night.”

“People will not send their children if they think you aren’t right with God. They say the minister was going to offer you some type of position here as a youth pastor. They never have done that with a woman.” Mrs. Caldwell sighed. “But they aren’t likely to now.”

“Because I stayed with a sick child all night?”

“And her father.”

She threw up her hands and turned on her heel. “If anyone wants to judge, let him or her cast the first stone.”

“Don’t be mad, honey.”

“No, it is what it is. I just feel sorry for all of the children in the neighborhood who won’t have the opportunity to learn anymore.”

How surprising she had been so highly regarded. Still, she was more stunned that she had lost such a wonderful opportunity. A youth pastor? That was a job she had dreamed of doing.

She left the charity kitchen and vowed never to return. Oh, she hated to cry, but she couldn’t help it. Goldie was more important than the judgment of a bunch of snooty people.

Nettie went to Adam and Ruby’s house and knocked on the door.

Adam gave her a mournful look when he answered the door, but said nothing.

She went upstairs to change clothes and packed a small bag with necessities, to be ready to take care of Goldie. Now she could take care of the child since she didn’t have the school anymore. A sharp knock sounded at her door.

Ruby.

Nettie immediately reassured her of Goldie’s health.

“I’m glad to hear Goldie’s fever has broken. That means that she is better.”

“She is. I’m going back over there to relieve Jay.”

“Jay? You mean Mr. Evans? You are relieving him so he can go to work? To earn his ill-gotten gains?”

“I’m going to do my job. I promised to take care of that child. Adam and Asa were after me to get some type of vocation, and now that I have one, no one wants me to do it. I can’t have the school at your church anymore, so I have to do something.”

“You don’t have to continue to risk your reputation.” Her sister’s quiet voice alarmed her. Ruby tended to bellow more.

She kept packing her bag, her heart failing her even as she spoke words of resolve, “According to you, I don’t have one.”

Tears formed in her sister’s eyes. She stayed her hand on her arm. “Of anyone in the world, you know I know what a ruined reputation is all about. I don’t want you to have to go through the kind of pain that I went through.”

Nettie’s heart twisted at the memory of her sister’s hard time when she was still in Georgia, where no one believed Ruby had been attacked and compromised by Adam’s half-brother. Everyone chose to believe she had seduced the scion of the town’s mill owner. Ruby had only been vindicated on the deathbed of her attacker. Yes, she knew that Ruby knew.

But Goldie’s sick eyes haunted her. The opinions of small-minded people shouldn’t matter. She had never felt so confused before.

She sat down on the small bed, facing Ruby. “If you want me to leave, I will.”

Ruby looked alarmed. “You know I love you. You’ll always have a place to stay.”

“Thank you. And right now, I’ll stay with Goldie and Jay until I’m sure that she is okay.”

“And then? When did you start calling him Jay? I have never known you to be anything less than proper.”

She had slipped into the name so easily that Nettie hadn’t even been aware she had let her guard down. “I don’t know.”

“You don’t know? Oh my, you’re falling in love with him.”

“I’m not worried about that now.”

“Does he know you can’t have babies?”

She reached over and closed her grip with a snap. “Why does everyone think that’s what my worth is? I’m worth more than being a baby factory.” She wanted to take the mean words back, knowing how many pregnancies both her older sisters had been through, but all of this was about her.

Ruby put a hand on her arm. “Every man wants a son to come after him. If you can’t give him one, he won’t want you.”

“I told him. He doesn’t care.”

“Do you think he told you the truth? I’m only trying to stop you from being hurt.”

“Really? Or is everyone in the family just trying to keep me in my place, to keep me down after all these years? So I can continue being the barren, sickly one?”

Ruby drew her hands away from her sister, clearly hurt, and she felt a small pang of guilt. For just a second. Something else was stronger in her now. The love she had for Jay. And Goldie.

“Nettie.”

“I don’t care. Tell Mags anything you want. You get together and have your sister time that you always left me out of. I’m going to take care of that child.”

“I know that you have to do what you think is best, but men in his line of work are used to women being disposable. Nettie,” Ruby grasped her arm, “does he know how special you are?”

“I don’t know.” She picked up her grip and shifted it in her hold. “But it seems like no one else knows how special I am either.”

She took up her grip with more determination and left Ruby standing there in the middle of the room.

How could it be that a man who floated the policy game was the one who’d made her see the truth of her life? God did work in mysterious ways—ways that Nettie thought she understood, but now knew that she did not. Everything that had seemed to be so sure to her before, now appeared cloudy and obscured.

Still, she kept going. It took pain to create something new. By moving closer to Jay, that’s what she was doing. Becoming a new Nettie. A better one.

With each forward step, she got closer and grew more in determination to reach the large frame house on the top of the hill.





Chapter Fourteen


“You told me she would be my mama.” Goldie’s hazel eyes, so much like Jay’s own, were on him and would not release their hypnotic hold.

“I said that one day someone could be your mama.”

They were walking to the charity kitchen, since Nettie had not shown up at his house that morning yet. It was Thursday and Goldie was well enough to get some breakfast, and he wanted to surprise Nettie to show her how much better she was.

“Why can’t it be her?”

“When you are a grown-up, Goldie, you will see it’s not so easy to ask someone to marry you.”

“She wants us, Daddy. I know she does. I’m a woman and I know these things.”

“Listen, woman,” Jay tried to stop the smile from spreading across his face—his girl was something, “your Daddy does things that Miss Nettie doesn’t like.”

“You mean the game, Daddy? She doesn’t like it?”

“No. She does not approve.”

“Then do something else, Daddy. You’re smart with numbers.”

“Thank you, honey.”

That was easy enough for a seven-year-old who’d grown up in a world where everyone looked like her. He’d worked hard to keep her happy in the Hill District, but the day would come when Goldie would venture out into the world and see that not everyone would believe her to be so delightful and cute just because of the beautiful, smooth brown color of her skin. He hated that the day had to come. Maybe it had already and he just didn’t realize it.

“I’ma try.”

“If it means getting Miss Nettie to marry us, you can do it.”

He held the door open for his little lady and they walked through.

“Smells like oatmeal.” Goldie wiggled her nose.

“Whatever it is, we will eat it.”

They walked into the large basement and saw a few people eating. Some of them weren’t too ashamed to wave to Jay and he gave a friendly greeting back. However, the room had a different feel to it. Nettie was not here. She was only one person and yet she had such a huge impact on the place. Without her, it was gray and dark. Maybe it had always been, but he had not noticed with Nettie there.

A hush came over the room.

Mrs. Caldwell came out of the kitchen, wiping her hands on an apron, cornering him near the stairwell so they couldn’t come too deeply into the basement to eat. “Let me speak with you for a minute, Jay.”

Mrs. Caldwell never acknowledged him this way. In public. He faced her, not appreciating that Goldie wasn’t going to get breakfast. “What’s going on? Where’s Nettie?”

He did not like the way he was being ushered out of the basement and back into the stairwell that he and Goldie had just come down. He would have said something to that effect, but Jay wanted be a good example of behavior for his daughter to follow or he would have told Elodie Caldwell a thing or two.

“Nettie’s not here.”

“Is she okay?” His heart thudded. Nettie was fine when she came to the house yesterday and cooked for them, though she had been very businesslike and made sure not to be alone with him. Still, his mind went back to what he had just gone through with Goldie. Had Nettie caught what Goldie had?

“She’s fine, as far as I know.” Mrs. Caldwell shook her head. “She just doesn’t work here anymore. She quit.”

“She quit? She didn’t tell me that.”

Jay cast his mind over the past few days. Instead of coming to the kitchen first thing, Nettie had fixed them breakfast, lunch dinner at the house, but she had not stayed for dinner any day. They had talked yesterday about her coming to them a little later in the morning today. He presumed that she was coming to work at the charity kitchen first.

“She hasn’t been here since last week. There were some questions about her associations.” Mrs. Caldwell stopped, but Jay waited for her to make her point. “There was a thought about making her a youth pastor, but with her associations—”

“That’s the second time you said that word. Do you mean me?”

“People do talk, Jay.”

“The same people who would steal the last nickel their mother had and give it to me for policy.”

“Maybe, Jay, but the ministers here didn’t see it that way.”

Nettie had talked some about Freedom Christian being full of snobs. Now he knew why. “That’s a shame.”

“It is. She should not have stayed with you that night.”

“My daughter was sick. Nettie loves her and would not leave even when the Morsons begged her not to stay. Nothing happened.” What a terrible thing that someone as good as Nettie should have to suffer the wounds inflicted by this crowd of hypocrites.

“I know that. But to these folk…” Mrs. Caldwell spread her hands.

“Do you know where she is?”

“I don’t. She’s probably at the Morsons’ though.”

“Thank you, Mrs. Caldwell.”

“I want oatmeal.” His poor daughter. Goldie’s crestfallen face had nothing to do with oatmeal and everything to do with Nettie.

Mrs. Caldwell stopped him. “If you care about her, you would just leave her alone. It is hard for a woman’s reputation to recover from such a thing.”

“Can you honestly believe that?”

“I do. If she’s fallen off one time and there’s no baby in a few months, people might forget and let her be with their children again. But not yet.”

“Mrs. Caldwell, I have to say that is the silliest thing I have ever heard.”

“But it has impacted Nettie, so it’s not so silly.”

He could not get his daughter out of there fast enough. He had worked hard not to allow his daughter to learn such self-hatred. He wasn’t going to let it touch her.

Goldie’s little legs could not keep up with his at such a fast clip. He was half tempted to pick her up so that he could walk faster, especially since she had just been ill. Still, Goldie was such a little lady she would not appreciate being treated like a baby.

What had happened to Nettie? Why wasn’t she at the charity kitchen? Jay’s mind raced and zoomed through several possibilities, but kept coming back to only one—something was wrong with her, despite what Mrs. Caldwell had said.

Please, God, let her be okay. Let her be okay. If Nettie would be okay, then he would—

His mind stopped short. Who was this beautiful, graceful, outdated-clothes-wearing woman who had captured him so completely in just a month’s time? If he wasn’t careful—

But as he stepped with Goldie in front of the Morsons’ door, Jay straightened the lapels on his brown suit, smoothed down his hair and gave a fond pat to Goldie’s braids as he checked her hair over for any stray lint. This was bad. Falling for a woman made him vulnerable, especially on top of the gunshot.

He was not scared. That fact alone was shocking. He didn’t care if Ruby came to the door. At least, Jay thought he didn’t care.

When Mrs. Morson came to the door, he could see she wasn’t happy to see him. The petite woman was dressed in her nurse’s apparel and wearing a sharp, pointy white hat. Kinda like a witch. He kept his face perfectly still, no grins allowed. He would show her respect, even if she didn’t give it to him in return.

“Yes?”

“We’re looking for Miss Nettie, Miss Ruby,” Goldie, his child emissary, said. “She wasn’t at the church this morning for us to eat breakfast. I was even sorry I said bad things about the oatmeal.”

The look of pure rancor on her faced changed as Mrs. Morson regarded his daughter. She gave Goldie a fond look and a smile. “Miss Nettie isn’t at the church, honey. We don’t have oatmeal for breakfast this morning, but if you’re looking for something to eat, you can have cream of wheat.”

“Okay?” Goldie turned her face up to her father for his approval and he nodded.

Ruby stepped to the side to let Goldie through, but stepped to the doorway again when he made a move to come in as well.

“Thank you for feeding her. I wish I knew how to make these things, but it’s hard trying to retain a cook when her family won’t let her come to work. Where is she?”

“She’s here. She’s getting ready to go to your house. You can wait out here for Goldie to eat her breakfast, or let her stay here if you want to.”

“I wouldn’t want to impose.”

Ruby’s face softened. “I know that Nettie loves that child. However, she has jeopardized her reputation, and Nettie is far too naïve to understand what she has done.”

“Maybe she understands more than you think she does. You should let your sister be a grown woman.”

Ruby shut the door a bit more. “I don’t appreciate lawbreakers coming to my front door, telling me how to run my family.”

“Nettie is not someone to be run.”

Adam appeared over his tiny wife’s shoulder, with a frown on his distinguished face. Doc Morson was someone who, a long time ago when he was in a much darker place, might have been a person he wouldn’t have thought twice about beating up. Morson’s classical bearing, coupled with his light skin and gray eyes, would have mocked him. Now, since he was successful at what he did, he was not ashamed or afraid of this educated man.

“What’s going on here?”

“I’m asking why Nettie is not down at the church.”

“We did not want her to continue to have the school. She had to face vicious rumors and small talk behind her back.”

“She’s a grown woman. Why can’t she decide for herself?” Why couldn’t people see how clear it all was?

“This is our family and I have the say in how we run it. Goldie is here and she’ll be fine with us until Nettie is ready to get on with her day to take care of her. Now, unless there is something happening with your wound, you’ll excuse us.” Adam reached around Ruby to shut the door. In his face.

I should lie just to get in there.

Not a pleasing prospect on the new path he walked. Jay stuck his hands in his suit pockets. “You’re all grown up, Nettie!” he shouted through the door as it closed. “You can decide!”

The heavy wooden door slammed in his face.

But he did not care.

Snobs.

Just like she said.

He straightened his tie and went down the street to work, knowing that Nettie had heard him. He rejoiced in that.

His voice, deep and melodious, floated in to Nettie. She was upstairs getting ready for work when she heard him. She ran to the window and saw him retreating from the house.

You’re all grown up. You can decide.

Jay’s voice threatened to undo her and his words did not help the quivering turmoil that had upended her soul and the world she lived in. She was grown up. She could decide.

Jay was not a church man. That was it. As much as a kiss from those incredibly shapely lips of his had changed things, that was one thing that had not changed.

But what if he were? Maybe that’s why she was meant to be a part of his life.

So hard to imagine. For much of her life, she had always been told she could not ask for what other women had—a home and a family. A husband and children were not for her and she had never wanted them. She’d never had the desire. Or had she? Maybe this was her chance to have what she really wanted.

Later in the day when it was time to do the shopping, Nettie and Goldie walked down to the mercantile and went past the storefront where the numbers men were gathered. She let her gaze linger on the interior longer than usual.

The storefront was set up to look more like a living room, since it was designed for a man’s comfort. However, the back end of the space was roomy, with a wooden platform on one end. It would be easy to get wooden chairs from somewhere and line them up. It was the answer she had been looking for. She was no teacher but this was the way she could find a way out of Jay’s life and back to her own, to the familiar and what she knew.

At the mercantile, she bought the ingredients for a good dinner—beefsteak and green beans—then took up the small bag to carry them home. When she and Goldie went past the window again, she got another look at the place. It would do perfectly for her needs. However, Jay’s return gaze at her lingered, burning through her.

She gave him a small wave. He nodded, but kept up his intense scrutiny from afar. Nettie had to refrain from leaning on the glass like a child looking in the candy-store window at something she wanted but knew she couldn’t have. She wanted Jay as much as he wanted her. That feeling was new, but warmed her insides in a way she’d never thought possible.

She had never, she knew, been looked at that way before. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a frantic Lem waving at her like a lovesick boy. Jay’s gaze was the aware, sustained interest of a man, and that made her nervous and excited, all at the same time.

Nettie had decided to make a chocolate pie when she saw the ingredients on sale in the store. She and Goldie passed the afternoon working on making a good dinner. They reviewed Goldie’s reading and math until her father came home.

When Jay walked in the door, her heart turned upside down at the sight of him dressed in his expertly cut suit.

“Staying for dinner, Miss Nettie?”

“I am.”

“You aren’t afraid of what your sister will say?”

“You’re the one who told me I was grown.”

“I did. How grown are you?”

He stood next to her chair and she knew that the heat of his closeness had nothing to do with the stove. She stood and willed her legs to be straight.

“Grown enough. Let me get dinner. Excuse me.”

Lord, keep me standing, she prayed as she brushed past him. Thankfully, God listened to her prayers. She at least appeared to be a woman who was in control. Although sometimes, being near him, she didn’t feel that way.

When she sat to dinner with Jay and Goldie, they had the appearance of being a family, and the feeling made her heart soar.

“I’m sorry that you aren’t working in the church kitchen. You might have told us.”

“I’m sorry.”

She cut into her beefsteak with the edge of her fork, showing Goldie how to eat it. It was tender enough, she was proud to note, and it was good for Goldie who should not have to wield a sharp steak knife.

“I forgot to tell you.”

“Or you thought it wasn’t my concern.”

A piece of the tender beefsteak went in between his lips and she had to look down at her own food to keep from swooning.

“I didn’t want to make it yours. It was my decision to stay here with Goldie.”

“Yet, it was my being here too that made people decide you are a fallen woman. And I didn’t even get the fun of helping you fall.”

She shrugged her shoulders. “I think I have shared my concerns about Freedom Christian’s congregation. I knew it could not be my church home here. However, I’m upset at not having the Easter pageant. The children worked so hard. We only would need a few more rehearsals. A shame we have to cancel it.”

Jay cut another piece of the steak off, dipped it in gravy and brought the piece to his mouth, chewing thoughtfully and carefully. “Maybe not.”

“Why not?”

“When would the children perform?”

“Sunday school. Before the service.”

“So as long as they perform before the service, it’s okay?”

“That would be ideal.”

“There are other places where the pageant could occur.”

“That would cost money. I don’t have much.”

“There is the park, but it could rain.” Jay put down his fork. “Unless you used the store.”

“What?” The good dinner was about helping him to come up with a solution, but she had not expected Jay to offer his store. For an Easter pageant.

“I said the store. It’s closed on Sundays. On Saturday, you can come in and clean, decorate or whatever. You can have the pageant there.”

It was a solution. However, it had problems. Nettie didn’t mind cleaning. The store, as he called it, looked like it could use a woman’s touch. Her fingers itched at the prospect. And the process would teach Goldie a lot.

“What about chairs?”

“I can rent chairs from Samson’s Funeral Parlor. How many?”

“There are sixteen children in the pageant. Maybe forty chairs.”

“I think fifty. I can get word around over the next two days if you want the children to come and practice before the pageant.”

“After dinner on Saturday?”

“Yes.” Easter Eve, which was typically a quiet time. If the children just came for two hours, they could get everything set up.

“I don’t want them to miss Sunday school.”

“Let them come before that.”

She hesitated, but then spoke her hope. “Could it be at sunrise?”

“Sure. We could give them breakfast before they go on to church.”

“Really?”

“There’s a kitchen in the storefront. An extensive one. It used to be a restaurant.”

Her heart lightened. The pageant could really happen. “It would be a lot to do, but maybe we can.”

“Of course we can! I’ll help. So will Goldie.” Jay reached over and tweaked one of his daughter’s braids lovingly.

“Thank you. I was so sad the pageant seemed to be lost. Because of me.”

“Well, don’t say thank you yet.” Jay picked his fork back up. “The parents haven’t said yes. They may not want to come. Isn’t Solomon in the pageant?”

“Yes, he plays Jesus.”

“A critical role.”

Would Ruby and Adam let him come?

He had a point. How would she convince everyone to come for the pageant at sunrise? The key was breakfast. It had to be a good breakfast. In two days.

He had said that he would be willing to help. There was so much about this plan that was generous and good. And it had come from him—a promising sign.

Maybe her life was not as proscribed as she had believed. Something existed in the air she had not felt before.

Hope.

Now, she was allowed to have some of her own, and Nettie embraced the feeling with everything that was in her.





Chapter Fifteen


“You play the piano?”

Nettie had taken a break from frying eggs for sandwiches for the sunrise service in the morning. They would assemble the sandwiches there at the house and take them down to the empty storefront in the morning.

“Pianos aren’t decorations,” Jay said. “Seeing as there is one at the house and one here in the storefront…”

“I just…I didn’t know.”

Jay played a hymn this time and she refrained from bumping into the box of eggs in shock.

“I did have some home training, once upon a time.”

“That’s not what I meant, Mr. Evans.”

“You should call me Jay.”

“No I shouldn’t. Christian names are for—”

“And I’m not?”

“We all are.” She didn’t want to seem as if she were judging him, but she still wanted to know his mind. If she could.

“Of course. But you don’t believe it about me. Since I take people’s funds and put them in a safe place for a rainy day. Then the rainy day comes, and I pay out.”

She shook her head. “It’s all nice for you. You get to say when the rainy day is.”

“Maybe. But how else would I know about everyone in the Hill District?”

“It all sounds like a weighty responsibility, however.”

“You said it, Miss Nettie.”

Jay’s eyes met hers. His intense gaze reminded she of their kiss, so she bustled about, getting ready to fry four more eggs. “You are a good person. And you have enough. You can retire now.”

“At twenty-seven? Mighty young.”

“You can do something else. What about baseball?”

Jay’s jaw was set hard. “That’s nothing that will pay. I have a particular talent that has no other use other than this one. If I were born in a different race, I would be able to wear these suits to the bank and make money off of the interest I charged. I can’t do that here.”

“Why not? You’re a smart man. I’m sure you can put your talents into doing something else.”

Nettie’s question resonated with him the entire weekend. Being with her, Jay couldn’t remember when he’d had more fun than giving out ham-and-egg sandwiches on Easter morning. Why was that something fun to do?

He got reacquainted with several of the children who remembered him from their fun percentages lesson and several of the parents whom he took numbers from. He had been happy to help Nettie spread the word on such short notice because his runners usually got around to see everyone in the neighborhood at some point or another, and so it was easy to let them know about this impromptu performance. And people had turned up.

Nettie had directed things over the last couple of days with the precision of a drill sergeant. He had fun helping her fry the eggs. Nettie had baked a huge ham the day before and Goldie had helped with wrapping the sandwiches in brown paper for the next morning.

Way before sunrise, they’d woken up and came to the store to warm the sandwiches in their stove in the back and to pour juice. It was a good thing he had recommended to Nettie that they make some extra sandwiches because the little storefront was filled with people on Easter Sunday.

Nettie stood up and made a pretty speech about how glad she was to see everyone there. Then she said, “We’ll begin our program now, and adjourn afterwards for breakfast.”

It was good her family had shown up. He didn’t know what they might do. With some satisfaction, he observed Dr. Morson and his petite wife had to stand to see the performance. They had run out of chairs.

Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell had come late with Mags Caldwell weaving from side to side, carrying the heavy burden within her belly. Not wanting her to stand, Jay went to pull two more chairs out of a closet for the sisters. Mags gave him a bright smile that reminded him of Nettie’s, except there was weariness in it. However, Ruby Morson sat down as if it were her due.

Goldie had uttered her particular line without a hitch. With only a few little errors, the play was well done. When it was over, Jay went to the front where the stage was and spread his hands.

“Miss Nettie, thank you for that wonderful production. I have brought something on behalf of myself and the other parents to thank you for your efforts.”

He went into the back part of the storefront, where there was a storage area, and saw the Easter lily he had smuggled in yesterday morning. It was still looking quite pert, thank goodness, and he brought it out.

All of the parents smiled and clapped as he handed the pot to Nettie, who held it up and put it next to the piano.

“Thank you, Mr. Evans. We have sandwiches now for those who would like a bite of something to eat as you make your way to praise God for the sacrifice he made. Glory that he has risen. Amen.”

Nettie’s words functioned like a benediction and Jay could see how people were blessed by her service. He was blessed by it. People spoke to one another pleasantly. It was a different world.

Several coffeepots had been loaned to them from the diner down the street. The coffee in them bubbled and made the air smell fragrant. The children drank milk from tin mugs. The numbers game had never made the place feel this way, but Nettie had. The storefront had never seemed so warm or homelike as it did now.What a miracle.

Lem stood in the back. What was he doing here?

Jay should not have been surprised. As a single man who lived in a boardinghouse, Lem would not have minded getting up early to come down to have something to eat before the breakfast bell, but Jay did not like the way Lem’s eyes followed Nettie as she poured cups of coffee and handed them out to parents.

He made his way to the back when he overheard Mags speaking from chairs he had pulled forward for them.

“Nettie pulled all of this off very well.” Mags acknowledged.

“I don’t like the way she is behaving. It’s not her,” Ruby Morson said.

“She managed it anyway.”

“At the expense of her reputation.”

“People will forget that. Nothing happened.”

Ruby snorted. “I don’t think so. How many people in Winslow do you think have forgotten that you were gone for a whole night with Asa? The only thing that made it better was that you all got married.”

“That was different.”

“Was it? Why?”

“This man isn’t going to marry Nettie. No man will,” Mags pointed out.

The offhand way Nettie’s sisters spoke about her made his blood burn throughout his veins. They did not seem to understand the special treasure that their sister was. He was about to step up to them and say so when Lem came up to him.

“What are you doing here?” Jay’s countenance soured at the thought of those gossipy sisters.

“Dag, Boss, I’m just having a good time watching the children.” He held up a sandwich. “Breakfast ain’t half bad either.”

“Your eyes seemed to be taking in more than the children and the breakfast.”

“Oh, you mean the nanny? Very impressive, Jay. If I were a holy man, well, just count me among the converted.”

“She’s for real, Lem. It isn’t a joke.”

The younger man regarded him carefully and Jay was almost taken out of his comfort zone for a second. But just a second.

“Yeah, I can see that.” Lem stuffed the rest of the sandwich in his mouth and balled up the wax paper, tossing it in a garbage receptacle. “Or maybe I’m just a lonely bachelor looking for a place to spend Easter.”

“Hey,” He clapped him on the shoulder, “You looking for a place to eat dinner?”

“Naw. I’ll be at the boardinghouse.”

“Let me know.”

“Will do. See you tomorrow.”

He watched Lem leave and then he turned to see that the Bledsoe sisters had moved from their perch on the back davenport to where Nettie was. He could see that they were talking to her, making her upset because she kept patting her bun. He did not like that at all. Nettie had left that snooty church to avoid this kind of judgment, and he did not like that her sisters were making her feel that hypocrisy again. On Easter Sunday, of all days. Maybe Nettie needed his help.

He strode over to the group of ladies and all of sudden the three of them disbanded. Nettie had shut down and her sisters were in the process of leaving.

“Thank you for your hospitality, Mr. Evans,” Mags Caldwell’s pleasant voice told him.

“You’re welcome, ma’am. Watch your step now.”

Ruby Morson said nothing to him, but just fixed him with a sharp look. He nodded to her and her husband, who’d come up behind Ruby.

“Mr. Evans.” The good doctor nodded, escorting his wife and children from the storefront.

“Dr. Morson.”

Bright tears lit Nettie’s eyes and he offered his handkerchief.

“Thank you.” Nettie took it, wiping at her eyes, and blew her nose.

“If anyone—I mean, anyone—gives you a hard time, you know that I’m here to help you.”

“Thank you, Mr. Evans. But the more that you help, the worse it becomes. I’m afraid that my sisters are quite rigid about what I should have done.”

“I appreciate what you did to help my little girl. It was the right thing.”

“Was it?” Her brown eyes sought his. “Maybe everyone is right and our interest in one another is not suitable.”

“What makes it unsuitable? I’m a man and you’re a woman. So far, so good.”

“True,” Nettie acquiesced. “But my sisters don’t see us together.”

“Are you willing to fly in the face of what your sisters say?”

“That’s a good question.” Nettie raised her head to study him. “I just want to say that this was a big success, and I appreciate what you have done to make it one. Thank you for your help.”

“You’re worth it, Miss Nettie.”

His lips whispered those words so softly Nettie was sure that she was the only one who could hear them.

And he was the only one who believed them.

“We’ll see you at Mrs. Caldwell’s,” Ruby’s voice boomed over the rest of the room as people got their wraps and coats and were ready to leave the storefront. Freedom Christian was only a block and a half away, but the beginning of April in Pittsburgh was still cold. She had never known a spring to come this late—it was so different from Georgia.

“Okay, Ruby.” Nettie waved her sister on. She had to step around Mr. Evans to make sure she was seen and heard—his chest was so broad. Her knees felt a little weak, and she focused on cleaning up wrappers from the sandwiches, saying goodbyes until the storefront was cleared out and it was just the three of them.

“That was fun!” Goldie exclaimed.

“Even though we have a sink full of dishes to clean up?” She pointed back toward the kitchen.

Goldie made a little face, but then brightened. “That’s okay. We’re together.”

“My point exactly.” Jay took his daughter’s hand and led her back to the kitchen.

Her eyes had been opened by him. Here was a man who did things that even her brothers-in-law did not do. He braided his daughter’s hair (they were not straight, but he did it). He insisted on helping her fry eggs and slice ham for the sandwiches. He helped pull off this gathering, one she thought was impossible.

Without a doubt, this morning was the happiest she had felt in a long time. Where she was closest to her purpose. This city, with all of the noise and brownstones and lights, made things noisy. Today, in a little storefront with over sixty parents, family members and children, there was a church.

She liked the thought of having her own space. Would it be possible to own one herself? Besides the pickiness of the congregants, the large, impersonal space of Freedom Christian was too cold and it overwhelmed her.

Could she find a way to maintain her special connection in a smaller place like this one?

She stood between Jay and Goldie and washed cups as Goldie dried. She was reluctant about asking, but if she didn’t, this chance would never come again.

“Is the storefront empty every Sunday?” She asked him.

He looked down at her, laughing. “Where did that question come from?”

“I was wondering if it’s available every Sunday.”

“It’s empty every Sunday. Can’t play the game on Sundays. No bank business transacted, no way of getting the number.”

“Is it possible…I wonder if can I buy some chairs to keep here and have a service here every week?”

Goldie moved to look at her. “Who would be the pastor, Miss Nettie?”

“She would,” Jay informed his daughter, just as naturally as he might tell her it was raining outside.

“Yes. I mean, I wouldn’t be a minister, but I would conduct the service.”

“Which is what a minister does,” he informed her.

“A minister does other things, but seeing how things went today, I wonder if there are others who feel as I do—lost in the big space of churches like Freedom Christian. If there are, then I could have a small service here on Sundays.”

“Wow, a lady minister,” Goldie said with her little face lit up.

“A wonderful idea.”

“I could pay rent. A seventh of what you pay each week.”

Jay held up a soapy hand. “No, it would be a tithe. Think of it that way.”

She acquiesced. He was catching on. “It could be.”

“You mean we could do this every week! Yippee!” Goldie was clearly excited.

So was Nettie. Plans swirled about in her head. She thought of the chairs, food and fellowship, music, getting the piano tuned—so many things to do before next week.

She turned to Jay, and he was watching her.

“I’ll help if you need me.” He put the last cup down.

“You have helped a great deal, Mr. Evans.” She did not know what else to say. “Thank you.”

“Thank you.” His voice was low and quiet. “If you did that, I would feel comfortable in such a place.”

“Because it’s your space. If having weekly service here would bring you to the fold, I’ll do it, no matter what others may say.”

“What would they say?”

“To get a man to be in charge. Like Brother Carver. He was in charge. And he was, pretty much, until he died. There was a great deal that I learned from him, however, and I could put it to use. Thank you for the opportunity.”

Jay moved close to stand by her. “Even if it’s just me and Goldie, we’ll be here.”

“There has to be more than us, Daddy. You can tell your runners to tell people again.”

A shadow crossed his handsome features. “I don’t know if that will work this time, Gold. It may have to happen another way. Let me think about it. Do you think your family will come?”

She lowered her head. “I don’t know.”

Jay gripped her hand in the cold, soapy water. She could feel him sliding his fingers between hers and linking with her, the same way they had when they’d prayed Goldie through her illness.

“We’ll be here. Hopefully, your sisters will have enough sense to come.”

“That all seems a little premature.”

“Will you tell them when you go to the Caldwells’ this afternoon?”

“I guess. I can say it there. But…”

“But?”

“I wouldn’t go there without you.” She could scarcely believe what she was saying. “Not without you and Goldie.”

“You were invited, Miss Nettie. Not us.”

“You know Mrs. Caldwell; she wouldn’t keep you away.”

“Easter dinner is different, I think. Especially since I have been the cause of your ruin.”

“That’s why you should come. And I won’t let people make up lies to talk about me. Now that you have said it, I think having a pulpit would be a perfect way to talk about these things with others who have been outcast at folks’ judgments. No, I insist. You must come. If they turn us out, then that is what happens.”

“Gold and I will go back home and eat cold ham sandwiches. That will be our Easter.”

“There’s nothing wrong with going home and eating cold ham sandwiches,” She quickly insisted and then was ashamed, yet again. “I mean, going to your home, Mr. Evans.”

“Won’t you call me Jay?”

“It’s not your Christian name, and…”

“Daddy’s Christian name is Jabez, Miss Nettie. He’s like you; he has a different name.” Goldie set down the cup that she was drying and put her hands on her hips. “Are we done here?”

She felt his hand slip out of hers as Jay turned to his daughter, very slowly, and splashed her with soapy water, making her laugh. “Gold, you have a big mouth.”

“Why, Daddy? I just told the truth.”

She watched as he sprinkled his daughter with droplets of water from the sink and she squealed ducking his spray. She let the stopper out of the sink. “It’s a biblical name.”

“It’s not a name people go around saying all of the time.”

“It’s very dignified. A nice man’s name.”

“Yes, well, it was best to shorten it for business purposes, Garnet.”

“A semiprecious stone.”

“A stone with fire.”

She liked that Jay was looking at her because it was a distraction. Those warm and melty feelings would not help Nettie get her service ready next week. She folded her apron and dried her hands.

“We’ll get Miss Goldie a pretty dress to wear to dinner today.”

“Too bad that you cannot change out of your suit, Miss Nettie. For Easter. Everyone wears new clothes then.”

“I may have something to wear that would be appropriate. We’ll take you home to get you ready first. Then you come and get me for dinner.”

“Great! I can’t wait to see what you’ll wear.”

Nettie walked out of the storefront, holding Goldie’s hand while they stood on the street watching Jay close up the storefront.

Looking from the outside in, a world of increasing possibilities appeared before her.

Everything was new. Because of Jay. Jabez Evans





Chapter Sixteen


When Nettie entered the Caldwell house it was more crowded than it had been before. Her family, her entire family, was here. Oh, her sisters knew her well. They brought forward threat of her mother and father to get her to relent.

It wouldn’t work.

When she went into the room, she stood strong, and was not nervous. She faced her mother and father, who appraised her sternly as they sat in her overstuffed chairs. Her heart gladdened to see her little sisters, but they didn’t rush forward to embrace her. They seemed to be afraid for her as they bit their lips nervously, giving her shy looks. Almost as if they didn’t know her. She smiled at them, not wanting them to be afraid. Ruby seemed as stern as her parents but Mags, who smiled nervously in her direction, strengthened her. No she was not afraid.

“He is risen,” Nettie greeted her family.

No one responded.

“Come in,” she said to Jay and opened the Caldwells’ front door wider for him and Goldie to enter the parlor with her.

He was not afraid either. He stood there, tall, imposing and broad. This was a good man, in his heart, and she knew he was open to new possibilities. She believed in him.

“Good afternoon, everyone.” His deep voice, earnest and true, resonated throughout the room and suddenly Nettie’s knees were like butterscotch pudding.

“Jay,” Adam spoke, “I would like to introduce you to the Bledsoes, my in-laws. Lona Bledsoe, John Bledsoe. Standing over there are Emerald Bledsoe and Delie, the youngest.”

“But the best,” Delie quipped.

There was silence. Nettie wanted to laugh. Her youngest sister, even though she was now thirteen, always was inappropriate.

Jay nodded. “Lovely to meet you all.”

“I wish we could say the same for you,” Lona said. Her mother had always smothered her younger sister, but now she could see so clearly where Delie got her inappropriateness.

“Wonderful to see you all here.”

Nettie went to hug her mother and father. She gave Em a squeeze. Delie was the only one who hugged her full-on. Everyone else was reserved and patted her, distantly, as if she had done something wrong. But she had not. Was it wrong to love a man with a good heart?

“How did you get off of the farm?”

Her father, who was usually quiet, spoke, “I got Cousin Ned to watch things for a few weeks. High time we made a visit up here to Pittsburgh to see what is going on.”

“So good to see you here.” She greeted them.

She stepped back and stood next to Jay, determined not to abandon him to the judging crowd of Bledsoe relatives.

Lona pursed her lips. “We hear you behaving as if you’re out of school, child. What’s the matter with you?”

“I… Nothing, Mama. It was hard up here at first, but I’m finding my way. I’m starting a ministry and I want to invite you all to come.”

Ruby slapped her own thigh, in shock, Nettie supposed. “What woman has a ministry? I’ve never heard of such a thing. I told you she was out of her head.”

Her mother’s eyes were wide with fright. “How will you do that?”

“She’s going to use the storefront, where I operate from, on Sundays when I don’t use it. Your daughters might not have told you about the successful program Nettie had.”

“I told them.” Ruby’s voice was terse.

“Did you?” Jay straightened his pocket square. “Did you say there was standing room only? Did you say that people felt comfortable in worship with Nettie? Did you tell them everything, Mrs. Morson?”

Adam stepped forward. “I’ll not have you maligning my wife, Jay.”

“I was merely asking her if she gave a full report. No offense was intended.” Jay’s voice stayed smooth.

“I don’t see how he has the right to be calling her Nettie. That’s our name for her.” Ruby pouted.

“I know. I much prefer her given name—Garnet.”

Ruby coiled back as if she had been struck.

Everyone turned to them and there was more silence. She opened her mouth to speak. It was not fair that Mr. Evans had to put up with her questioning family—he had not made any promises to her and she had not asked him for anything. Before the words could issue forth from her throat—something that was never a problem—Jay’s deep bass came again.

Jay gave a smooth bow to her. “If you don’t mind, I would like to call you that from now on.”

She wanted to laugh. Very few people got away with getting one up on her big sister. She tipped her head to him, “Of course.”

Em gasped. “How could you, Nettie?”

“Let me get right to the point.” Lona folded her hands in her lap. “Does this man know about your sickness, Nettie?” Her mother emphasized her name, almost overloudly, to show ownership of her.

The wind in the room shifted, just a bit. Where Jay’s body language had been all smooth and loose, he was stiff all over now. Rigid. Unbending.

“I’ve told him.”

“Did you tell him everything? How you lost your hair? That the illness left you barren? That it could come back and you could die at any time? The miraculous cure that happened when you decided to give your life to the church? How about all of that?”

Her mother had told every bit. And Nettie felt as naked to the world as the day she was born.

The same way that Jay had shown up Ruby a minute ago, her mother used it to try and make her small somehow.

“Yes,” she said, but the word was barely a whisper.

More silence.

“Mr. and Mrs. Bledsoe, Emerald and Delie. it has been a pleasure. I should leave to get my daughter to bed. Good night.” Jay made a slight bow, turned and left the room.

He summoned Goldie with a sharp command. He did not even bring his wonderful child into the room to meet her parents. Which probably meant he didn’t care if Goldie met the rest of her family. So he did not want her. Just as they said.

There, in the stillness of Mrs. Caldwell’s parlor, she closed her eyes as she listened to Jay’s footsteps die away outside. Oh, if she could do the same. Scalding-hot tears slipped out from under her eyelids.

“Well. We’ve come a long way for that,” Lona said with some finality.

When she opened her eyes, her mother and Ruby eyed one another with very critical looks, as if to say to Ruby she should have been able to accomplish what their mother had done.

Delie ran over to Nettie and embraced her tightly around the waist. “I liked him,” she whispered into her ear.

She gave Delie a squeeze. She sniffled and wiped at her eyes with the back of her hand, caught without Jay’s handkerchief.

“I’m having my service next Sunday at 9:00 a.m. Everyone is invited.”

Nettie let go of her sister, turned to leave and went outside.

But she didn’t see them anywhere. She walked slowly, hoping not to run into the Evans family, but also hoping she would.

She was a fool to have reached for what other women had, because she was not like other women. She had to resign herself to that. She didn’t want Goldie to be a casualty though. Now Nettie understood she should focus her energies on her ministry and find someone else to take care of the little girl.

Maybe Em would stay and take the job. She nodded to herself. Yes, her dressmaker/hairdresser sister would be a better match to take care of little Goldie, who was always so concerned about appearances. Em would love her.

And Nettie would do what she had to do.

When Jay had to step into the room full of Bledsoes, he had never been so afraid in his life. It was as if a treasure and the tax man had come to take everything away from him. Some Easter. It had started out so promising. He could tell that all of the Bledsoes, with maybe the exceptions of Mags and Delie, were ready to line him up and eviscerate him, if need be.

Everything was automatic in getting Goldie ready for bed. However, his sharp-eyed daughter always knew too much and was too smart for her own good.

“Is Nettie coming back?”

“What do you mean, Gold?”

“You seemed so sad after we left. Maybe she’s not coming back anymore.”

“Of course she will.” He was not convinced at all.

“I’m going back to school tomorrow, but I’ll find her after school.”

“Sure, honey. Although, be ready. Do you know how good she was last week?”

Goldie nodded her head.

“We may have to share her with others who need her.”

“I told you what I wanted, Daddy.” Goldie’s little voice was even, but deadly serious.

“I know. And that’s worked out so far. But…sometimes life works a little different, Gold. We can’t always direct what other people do. No matter what you want.” The words were hard to get past his lips. He ached from disappointing his daughter.

Forgive me. He had been deceptive with his own child. Jay could see that now. Little Negro girls did not get what they wanted all of the time. Look at how ridiculous Nettie’s family were about her dream. They did not want her to have what she wanted.

“Go to sleep.”

Wandering out of his daughter’s room, He thought about what Mrs. Bledsoe had said. Nettie could die at any time? She had been as ill as Clara? That’s not what he’d imagined. He remembered all that he had been through with Clara, carrying her into that church, Nettie bestowing a blessing on her. She could guide Clara’s feet with firm steps to heaven because she had come so close herself. That made her different, unique and special. Too special for him.

When she said that she couldn’t have children, that was one thing. He had a daughter already. With the way he had grown up in the Harlem streets, He didn’t feel any particular longing for a son, no matter what people said. He could deal with it. But to lose Nettie like he lost Clara?

No. No more pain.

Jay wanted to bend in two at the thought of losing Nettie. He couldn’t go through that horror again. He wouldn’t put Goldie through such loss and pain again, either. Yes, it was much better to cut it off now, to be away from her now, rather than later.

He promised to do what he could to help Nettie with her ministry. But from now on, he would make it clear to her that he was the employer and she the employee. Just like Lem. Or Matt. Or Archie. Or K.C. and Don. He knew very little about their lives outside of what they told him, and it should be the same thing for Nettie. She had been right to be reluctant about a relationship with him. And now, it had to be the same for him. If not for his sake, then for Goldie’s.

Going to bed, he was resolved. But lying in bed, tossing and turning, He knew it would be much, much harder to push Nettie away. He had kissed her, and sampled her lips. He had enjoyed it and wanted more.

It had been wrong to kiss Nettie—a good country girl. She would, understandably, want more from him. But he couldn’t give more without damaging himself and Goldie. He couldn’t imagine how it could hurt any more than it already did. But protection of his little daughter had to come first.

The next day, Nettie was happy to leave the suffocating space the house had become since her family arrived. They had all opted to stay in Ruby and Adam’s brownstone. She offered to stay with Mags and Asa, but the Morsons insisted she stay with them, probably to get a closer look at her to see if she would change or grow two heads since she had shown interest in a man.

It didn’t matter. Jay had said everything that he needed to say yesterday in the way he had left her side. Ever since then, the questions had run through her mind. Why were Jay and Goldie in her life? Was it to give her the sense of what she would miss as a woman? So she would know how to advise others?

Much of the week, Nettie showed Em how to make breakfast, get Goldie to school and make dinner for the numbers kingpin.

And Jay was unfailingly polite to her. How kind of him.

He understood all too well when she said that she should take dinner with her family. Since they were in town. Goldie didn’t approve, but Jay’s hard gazes at her quieted the little girl down. The disappointment showed so clearly in Goldie’s eyes and hurt her in her chest.

The only difference was on Saturday when he pulled a key from his pocket and handed it to her. “See you in the morning.”

She stiffened her arm to stop jolting against him as Jay handed her the piece of metal. That’s all it was. But he still believed in her and wanted her to have the service. His interest must count for something.

Nettie really didn’t expect most of her family to come. This was the Sunday after Easter, a time when people’s presence or omission would be more likely noted, and she didn’t want them to have to suffer any from being missed.

She used the key Jay had given her to open the storefront. But the tables and chairs were already set up. Jay had probably seen to that yesterday before he left work. It was thoughtful of him, but she knew it didn’t mean anything.

She got busy making coffee and put out a tray of doughnuts Ruby’s cook had made. Nettie thought that she might come—the woman had privately confessed her discomfort with the “high tone” style of Freedom Christian and she had warmed to the woman’s critique. That was precisely whom she was starting this ministry for.

The door swung open and Goldie and Jay came through the door. Goldie came skipping over, and after Nettie kissed her, she set the little girl to putting out song sheets on the chairs—one for each person.

“Thank you for setting up the chairs.”

“It was no problem. Gave the fellows something to do as we finished up the week’s receipts.”

Silence.

She smoothed the sheets of her message up on the dais perched at the far end of the storefront. Nettie pretended to be engrossed in practicing and finessing her message, but she wasn’t.

Jay sat on one of the sofas, looking at the song sheet. He kept smoothing his tie down, over and over, in an endearing gesture that made him look as if he was extremely uncomfortable. He was. She was.

She cleared her throat and spoke first. “I never said how sorry I was you had to endure the Bledsoe smothering. I’m used to it, and it never came across to me before how someone else might have to take it.”

“Used to it? What do you mean?”

“I’m in the middle so I get it from all sides. Everyone else is paired up in the family. Mama and Daddy. Ruby and Mags. Delie and Em. Now, since they got husbands, even they pair up against me—Asa and Adam. But I pair up with the one who matters most. So I guess I’m all right.”

“No doubt. But you don’t think that you deserve protection?”

“Maybe. I never thought of myself as a woman who was ever going to get it. I’m fine without it.”

“No, I don’t think so.” Jay uncrossed his legs and stood up.

“Well, if you thought that it was such a terrible thing, why did you leave?” Where had those words come from? It was not her way to be confrontational.

“I sensed…I felt that these were family things and I was an intrusion.”

She stepped over to him, feeling very powerful in her new Mary Jane pumps. “You’ve made my point, then. You’re my employer, not my family, and that was why you left, wasn’t it?”

Jay said nothing once again.

“Then that’s all I needed to know.”

She steadied herself when she went to the corner to don her white robe. The door swung open again and Ruthie, Ruby’s cook, came through the door with her younger sisters. Her disappointment at Jay’s lack of response was helped—some—by seeing her Em and Delie there.

“Hey, I wasn’t expecting to see you all here. Please have some of Ruthie’s delicious doughnuts and some coffee.”

“Yeah, Mama didn’t want us to come,” Delie said, munching on a doughnut and arranging her long legs in a chair. “But when Ruthie said she was coming, we had an escort and it was okay.”

“Someone from the family should come and support you,” Em said quietly. She and Ruby were the sisters who resembled each other the most. They were both short and petite and had big freckles across their noses. They had the lightest complexions too—Ruby’s like cream and Em’s more like a finer, midgrade maple syrup. Now that she was eighteen and not liable to grow anymore, it was clear that she and Ruby looked the most alike. However, Em was quiet and respectable, nowhere near the troublemaker that Ruby was, so it was surprising to hear this from her.

“Thanks. I mean, thank you both.”

“It has been so many years since we have heard you sing—that is a blessing from God I have been looking forward to.” Delie chomped on one doughnut and reached for another. “Hey, how are you, little girl?”

Goldie came up to her and immediately became the doughnut patrol, telling Delie she’d had enough until the others came.

“She’s cute. This your daughter?” Delie gestured to Jay.

“Yes she is.”

“If you married him, Net, you would get this little one as a daughter. And everyone always thought you wouldn’t have kids. That’s awesome. And I would be your auntie. Say Auntie Delie,” Delie directed Goldie, who bristled at being told what to do.

She shook her head at the interchange. When would Delie grow out of her brash behavior? Some part of her hoped that she never would.

Four more people came, including Lem, and at the stroke of nine, she began her service.

“Judgment is one quality that belongs to God. Only God can judge what matters. When we judge, we’re pointing at people. We forget there are three fingers are pointing back at ourselves. We need to reflect on what makes us imperfect vessels for his word.”

Nettie raised her arms and began a hymn, “For His Word.” The waves of doubt that Jay had caused when they spoke this morning and what happened last night began to recede. She closed her eyes, letting the music soothe her.

Suddenly, the sounds of a piano began to intrude on her sensibility. Her eyes flew open. Jay was there at the piano, picking out the notes of the song, matching her voice, perfectly. Strangely enough, the piano was in tune, and as she sang the chorus again and, Jay continued to join her.

The way they sang together was mesmerizing. She couldn’t stop singing, wanting to maintain the beauty of the music, but at some point she had to.

It was too much. Pricks of tears stung the edges of her of her eyelids as she reflected on the rarity of the music.

When the song came to an end, Delie clapped her hands. “Amen!” she shouted, and everyone laughed and clapped with her.

Shouts of “amen” echoed throughout the tiny storefront. Nettie blinked her eyes rapidly to avoid crying, but it didn’t work. The tears spilled down her cheeks.

Like through a looking glass, she could see what God’s plan was for her. She was at home in this newfound church home, but some part of her, a very human part, wished that Jay and Goldie could share in it with her.

She already knew, though, the lesson that Goldie would have to struggle to learn in the coming years.

Negro girls didn’t always get what they wanted in life.





Chapter Seventeen


Clean. New. Different. Those were the words to describe how Jay felt after hearing Nettie sing and give her gentle message. His heart gladdened when he could play a part in helping Nettie by accompanying her on the piano. How could he come back to the storefront after that?

He lay in his bed on Monday morning, trying to face the day ahead of him, knowing that it would be impossible to keep up the policy game. He had to get out. Now. It was a puzzle, though, to think about how to get rid of it because if he split it there might be resentments between his runners. Jay didn’t want that. He especially didn’t want Lem to stay in, and her hoped his witnessing of Nettie’s service yesterday might compel Lem to get out of the game and go back to school or something.

He ate a piece of leftover chicken for breakfast as Goldie got ready. Now that the school break was over, he and Goldie had no time to go to the charity kitchen, so his breakfast was somewhat haphazard. Goldie would get a better meal once he dropped her off at the Morsons’ house, but cold chicken was the best he could hope for.

Unless he asked Nettie to marry him. But given how her family had received him, that dream was less and less likely.

He just hoped that Goldie remained above all of the hostility directed toward him, but she was such a little woman—Jay knew that it would be hard to keep everything from her for long.

On their walk down to the Morsons, Goldie asked him, “Why don’t you come in for breakfast, Daddy?”

“I have to get to work, remember?”

“Yes, I know, but we used to eat breakfast together and I liked it.”

“Well, you have to go to school now, and it’s better when you have a friend like Solly to eat breakfast with.”

“Won’t Solly’s mother give you any breakfast?” Her eyes stayed focused on him.

“No.”

“That’s a shame. She seems like a nice lady. If she can’t love my Daddy, then I can’t play with Solly anymore.”

“No, that isn’t true. She just doesn’t know me. Once she gets to know me, it’ll be better.”

“Maybe if you went and courted Miss Nettie, asked her out to dinner or something, she might be nicer.”

His smile split his face like a knife through butter. “Thanks, Gold. I’ll keep that in mind.”

“No problem, Daddy. Since you aren’t making any progress with Miss Nettie, I have to do all I can to help you. Don’t worry. She’ll be my Mama yet.”

Jay coughed. His throat suddenly became dry and he swallowed hard. “You certainly sound confident, Gold.”

“I am. I love her and she loves me and you love her. She just doesn’t know that she loves you yet, but we’ll make her see it.”

He stood in front of the door with Goldie in hand, as he always did, and knocked. Usually, Goldie ran in and went straight back to the kitchen to eat breakfast with Solly. However, today, one of Nettie’s sisters, Emerald, he remembered, opened the door.

“Hello,” he greeted her pleasantly. She was only slightly taller than Goldie, who took after her father in height and was a rather tall seven-year-old.

“Hi. Yes, Mr. Evans. Nettie told me to let you know I’ll take Goldie to school and prepare your dinner tonight.”

“Is she quitting?”

Emerald lowered her eyes as Goldie ran past her to her real breakfast. “I guess you can say that, sir.”

“Well, that isn’t acceptable to me. No one told me anything about it.”

“I’m telling you now, sir.”

Rage boiled through his blood. “No fault with you, Miss Emerald, but when someone quits a job with me, they need to do it in person,” He shouted over Emerald’s shoulder into the house. He knew that Nettie could hear him. “That way I can plan what is best for my daughter.”

“Everyone thinks this is best right now.”

“Well, I don’t. Nettie, you need to come down here and tell me to my face you don’t want us. Nettie!”

Suddenly Ruby Morson appeared alongside of Emerald and drew her out of the doorway. “Really, Mr. Evans, is all of this yelling necessary first thing in the morning?”

“It is if your sister is quitting her job and doesn’t have the guts to tell me to my face.”

“Is it necessary?” Ruby’s facial features did not betray one hint of emotion. “You will have someone to perform your domestic needs. It just will not be Nettie.”

“Maybe Nettie is who I want.”

“Well, that will not be possible for now. She has other tasks that she has to attend to, and we have seen to what you need. Good day.”

The hurt seared through Jay like a burn. When had she become such a part of his soul?

The heavy door closed in his face and the painful gesture made him more determined than ever.

This would be the biggest moment of his life. Unless he married Nettie, then that would be the biggest moment. Or one of them. He stood in front of his runners in his best-cut dark-brown suit.

“I’m out of policy. I’m taking bids on who wants the business.”

The runners had gathered, ready to go on their morning excursions, and they turned to one another for comfort, like lost children. He held up a hand.

“This is still my storefront, but I’m out. You all can find someplace else to run policy, but it won’t be here.”

“What?” Lem was incredulous. “That lady preacher is good, but…” He swore and Jay took him by the lapels.

“That’s enough. You’re young enough to live another kind of life and you should. Come out with me. You can still get schooling or learn a trade.”

“So I can go back and forth like a stooge? Man, you can’t leave. What about us?”

“He’s been weak since he got shot back in March,” Archie told the assembly. “You should have seen this coming.”

“It’s that holy dame,” Matt, his driver, said. “Taking her out to that country house—I knew it. You doing this for her?”

“That’s none of your business.”

“He don’t have to say it. I know.” Matt leered in a way that Jay didn’t like. “I would be giving up my manhood and to a woman who looked as fine as she does.”

He was ready to put down Lem’s lapels and pick up Matt’s, but refrained from doing so. “If one of you wants to buy me out, I’m ready to hear what you have to say.”

Silence.

“No one?”

“You could split it,” Archie suggested.

“No thanks. I know you would kill these two for their share if I did that.”

The atmosphere in the room tensed. “Looks like you can’t run away, Boss. You are stuck with us,” Lem tried to joke to alleviate the mood.

“Think again. I’m not going down to the bank today.”

“Then the white people will come take it over,” Archie spit out.

“Yep,” He agreed quickly. He knew that was an alternative they wanted to avoid.

“I’ll buy it,” Lem said.

They all faced him with their mouths open in shock.

“You don’t have it.”

“I do. If you go down to the bank with me today, I’ll buy you out.”

“How is that possible?”

“I’ve stayed in cheap boardinghouses, and did nothing but put aside my cuts. I got it.”

“I ain’t taking orders from him,” Archie growled.

“No one saying you got to, old man.” Lem gestured toward the door. “Get out.”

Without hesitation, Archie did just that and Matt followed close behind him.

Jay and Lem had to drive themselves down to the bank. Within the space of two hours after they came back from the bank, the policy game had changed hands to young Lem, just twenty-one years old. And he was out.

He did not feel good about it since he wanted Lem to go to school, but he was not in the position to tell a man, no matter how young of a grown man he was, what he should do. He had underestimated Lem for more than eighteen months and Jay could not help but feel a measure of some pride that the youngster had learned so well from him.

“Where are you going to run it?”

“The boardinghouse parlor for now. It’ll have to do until I find another place.” Jay took Lem to the boardinghouse and they shook hands. The storefront was Jay’s property and would remain empty until he figured out what to do with it or it changed hands in some way.

“Take care,” He shouted out after the young man.

When Lem got out of the car, he was free.

He took care to turn the car around and he headed back to Doc Morson’s place, determined to have his say about Nettie’s life.

It was too much for Nettie. She couldn’t watch Emerald pack a basket and get ready to go to Jay’s house to do what she was supposed to do. “I need to take a walk. I’ll bring you the key when I come back.”

Emerald viewed her sister with a serious face. “Will you be okay?”

“Of course. I’m just going to run down to the mercantile. I feel like a Moxie.”

Emerald sat in a chair in the parlor and opened a fashion magazine, her favorite kind of reading. “I’ll wait here.”

She slipped out with just a few dimes in her pocket. She didn’t really want a soda, but just needed to be free a few minutes, out of the clutches of her family. She was happy to see them all, but she did not like the way they had come in to take over her life. They had to understand. She enjoyed her routine.

Now, it was time for Goldie to get out of school and she would go to pick her up, as she did every day.

She did not like the way all of this happened, and she wanted some time alone with the little girl to explain. Nothing had seemed different this morning when Goldie was eating breakfast with Solly, and Ruby had seen them both off to school. It would be too different for Goldie if Emerald took Goldie to Jay’s house to watch her and prepare supper for them.

Miller School had been overwhelmed by the influx of newcomers to the Hill, so the structure and outside of the building had been beaten down more quickly. The school was not what it should have been for Negro children, but it was definitely a world from where she had gone to second grade inside of the combined First Water Church/School in the woods of Winslow, Georgia. Still, Nettie wished that there was more that she could do.

She knew Adam and Ruby had hired tutors to come and supplement Solly’s education in this place. The tutors would teach Maisie soon. She could do the same for Goldie if she were her mother. But she was not and would never be, just like she had been told all of her life.

She made herself comfortable on a park bench on the edge of the school property to wait for Goldie to get out.

After a while, a car pulled up to her. She peered in to see large Matt driving a strange car with the menacing Archie next to him.

“Blessings to you,” she greeted them.

“What are you doing out here, girlie?” Matt gave her one of those looks again that made her shift.

She was very uncomfortable, but would not let them know it. God is with me. God is with me. She shouldn’t have felt uncomfortable with Matt—he had taken her to the grocery store before—but his looks gave Nettie pause.

“It’s time for Goldie to get out of school. I’m her nanny, and it’s my job.”

“Goldie don’t need a nanny anymore. Her daddy got all the time in the world, now that he’s out,” Archie added.

“What do you mean?” She shifted a little on the bench.

“He came on in this morning and said he was out of the game.” Matt gripped the wheel of the car and laughed. “Imagine that.”

“It was that churching you gave him yesterday. Preaching up in the store. That’s our store, not yours!” Archie yelled out over Matt.

Nettie’s blood chilled, not liking what she was hearing. It was wonderful if these nefarious men were telling the truth and Jay was out of the game, but it was the way they were speaking that made her wary.

“Lem bought him out.” Matt turned serious all of sudden. “That means we don’t have no jobs because Lem don’t want no oldsters like us.”

Something bright flashed in Archie’s hand and all of the bones left Nettie’s body, turning her into a mass of gel.

Matt continued calmly, “So you need to come with us. We know that Jay’ll give us a nice amount for his lady love.”

“You must be mistaken. I’m not his lady love.” She was surprised that she could speak. And in such a firm voice.

“Oh yeah, you are. If you ain’t, he’s a fool. Boss Man’s not a fool. Get in the car,” Matt growled.

She had no choice but to obey. She didn’t want Goldie to come out here and see this and have to come with them. She had no idea what was going to happen, but God told her to protect Goldie first, at all costs. And if it was Nettie that they wanted and not Goldie, well then, she would be the sacrifice.

She stepped into the backseat of the car and it lurched away from the school. She tried not to feel terrified at the men’s snickers and laughter.

To ease her fears, she recited the Lord’s Prayer in her mind over and over.

When Jay pulled up to the Morson house, the front door was wide open and there were people coming in and out of the house. Normally calm, the house was full of confusion and disarray.

He hopped out of the car and went in the open front door, where he saw Lona Bledsoe weeping and John, Adam and Asa looking stone-faced. Mags stroked her belly up and down as if her life depended on calming the baby down within her, and Emerald and Delie stood in the corner with their arms about one another, biting their lips.

Goldie was sitting in one of the big chairs, talking to a white police officer, Dougherty. Jay knew Dougherty. And he didn’t like him. At all. Still, his heart lurched at the tears running down his daughter’s face.

“What is going on?”

Goldie became a projectile to his pant legs. “Daddy, they took Miss Nettie.”

His heart fell. “What?”

“I saw her. I was coming out of school and I saw her getting into the car with Mr. Matt and Mr. Archie. She didn’t want to go, but Mr. Archie had the gun trained on her. She went with them so that I didn’t have to go. I tried to run after the car, but Mr. Matt drove too fast, like he always does.”

Dougherty stood and regarded him with a smirk. He tried to have as little to do with the police as he could, a hangover from his days when he was always in trouble with the law, but he guessed that the Morsons and Bledsoes had not known what to do. If Jay had been there, he might have stopped them from calling the police and taken care of the matter himself, but it was too late for that now.

“You out of the game now, Jay?”

“As of this morning.”

“Well, seems like two of your runners didn’t like being unemployed and they took your girlfriend for some ransom dough.”

“Yes, I gathered that. Why don’t you forget that you were ever here and let me take care of it?”

Dougherty looked around at the scared family gathered in Ruby and Adam’s fine parlor. “My pleasure.” He walked out of the house without looking back.

He smoothed down Goldie’s braids with a hand to stay calm. For Nettie’s sake. “How long ago did this happen?”

“An hour.”

“She told me she was going to get a Moxie. I didn’t think she was going to get Goldie out of school.” Emerald’s voice shook with fear.

Jay nodded, trying to see a blessing in this disaster. But he knew what to do. This was how his life was. “It’s kind of good that she did. Otherwise, Goldie here might not have seen all of this to let me know where to go.” He planted a kiss on her cheek, which was salty with tears. “It seems I’m always imposing on the Morsons to take good care of you while I am gone, but this is for one last time. I’m going to go get Miss Nettie and I will be back.”

“Please be careful, Daddy. You’re all I have unless you make Miss Nettie my mama.”

“I know. That’s why I am going to find her.” He looked into the face of every Bledsoe, Morson and Caldwell in the room. He raised his voice. “When I do find her, I’ll ask her to be your mama and my wife. Let us pray that she says yes. No matter what anyone else here thinks about it.”

“What do you propose to do, Jay?” Adam’s face was a mask of concern and worry.

“I’ll take care of it, Doc. Don’t worry about it.”

“Please.” Lona stepped to him and grasped his hand. “Nettie has never done anything to hurt anyone. You got to find her.”

“I’ll bring her back. You don’t have to worry about that, ma’am.” Jay stood up and walked toward the door.

Ruby had appeared in the door and guarded it, with her arms folded, but when he approached her, her entire demeanor became softer. She put a hand on his back and guided him from the room, speaking in a sad, hushed tone, “Please. Bring Nettie here first if there is something that we need to help her with.”

Jay got Ruby’s meaning and he couldn’t stop a slight shiver from going up and down his spine. They wouldn’t dare. He would do great damage if they thought to…

When she spoke again, though, her voice firmed up and he wondered if he’d imagined the softness from Ruby. “But make sure they understand that they can’t get away with this kind of thing anymore. We have to live here.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“You love her, don’t you?” Ruby peered far up at him. She really was very petite.

“More than I thought possible.”

“She loves you too.” Her voice was resigned to the possibility.

But for the first time, he could tell she was not unhappy about it. His heart surged. He bent down to hug his future sister to reassure her, and she returned his embrace.

“I’ll find her.” He moved forward, out of the door, determined to find Nettie and make her his.





Chapter Eighteen


“Where are you taking me?”

“Shut up,” Archie tossed over his shoulder as the road out of Pittsburgh became rockier and there were more woods and forests. Were they still in Pittsburgh? She didn’t know if this strange place had forests too.

“Just do as we tell you. We aren’t going to hurt you; we just want to wait until Jay gets here with the money.”

“We need that money, but we could have some fun first, Arch.”

“We don’t want no fun. We just want our fair share.”

If the game had belonged to Jay, then why did these men feel that they were deserving of money? She prayed he did what was right and reasonable, but didn’t bankrupt himself or Goldie in the process of saving her.

She had never known what love was. Now she understood. She wanted Jay and his little girl to live, on more than she wanted to live for herself. She had faced death before and knew she had been blessed with a longer life than she once thought possible.

The car slowed down and stopped at a cabin in a woodsy-looking place. Archie reached in, grabbed her by the arm and pulled her out of the car roughly.

“I’m sure you’ll behave, being one of those good Christian girls and all. Go on in and sit down on the floor.”

Nettie saw the dirt floor of the cabin and did not want to dirty her suit, but she had no choice. That was it. She would be dirty now. The pricks of tears hurt her eyes and soon they ran down her face freely.

How in the world would anyone know where to find her? Nettie’d told Em that she was going to get a Moxie. She could be anywhere. She prayed.

Please, God. I have been foolish today, but I was feeling so sad. I did not want to see Em getting ready to go to that little frame house that has come to mean so much to me. I could not take it and I had to leave. It was my foolishness that led to this situation. Please help me find a way out of it.

She wrapped her arms around herself, wishing they were Jay’s large arms instead. I love him, she finally admitted to herself.

Nettie tried to think about when she’d begun to love Jay, and she knew. It was when she had seen Goldie’s crooked braids. She had been drawn to him then. Who was this man who was purported to be a gangster, a shady character, someone who dabbled in the illegal world, but who at least tried to braid his seven-year-old’s hair?

All she had been trying to do to keep away from Jay was foolish and thoughtless. It needed to stop. She, above anyone, should have the signs of providence. Hadn’t she been the one to find him in the alleyway? She had used all her strength to save Jay, to bring him to Adam for help.

But if these gentlemen—loosely put—were right, Jay had left policy for her. And that meant he loved her too.

She shook her head in disbelief. It was so hard to believe one thing, one good deed, overwhelmed what she had been told for an entire lifetime. By people who she knew loved her. They wanted the best for her.

But they were wrong. This man loved her. He wanted the best for her. He was right for her. And now, to please her, Jay angered these two men, and a new life was not possible anymore. Because of her.

Hot tears made salty trails down her face and she hugged her knees to herself, grateful now that she’d worn rather long skirts she could wrap about herself. It was later in April, but it was still Pittsburgh, so it was cold. Nettie fell asleep with her head on her knees and dreamed that Jay had come to save her.

Her dream was all so real, except that Jay had a gun. When he burst in the little room holding the pistol, Nettie screamed that the pistol was the devil’s tool, but she was glad that Jay was there. She reached for him, and he for her, and those delicious lips met hers. The warm, shivery feeling she knew once before went up and down her spine, and she was happy.

She fought the waking up sleep was the world where she was in Jay’s arms and she was happy. It was not horrible situation she was in.

Except she really did hear Jay’s voice.

They were all outside and Jay shouted at his henchmen. Then there was a thud and dust clouds came up through the dirty window Nettie peered out of. It was still light outside and she could see his fists swinging at the men, hitting them.

She shouted with all her might, “Oh, Jay, please, love, be careful! Be careful!”

She looked all around the cabin for something to fight with. There had to be a poker or a fragile chair, but there was nothing except the dirt floor. Running to the door, she twisted the knob, but it was locked.

Peering out through the foliage, she was barely able to see Jay and could just hear him. Please, God, keep him safe. Keep him safe.

The door burst open and she was afraid for a moment. Just a moment. Then he came through with Matt in one fist and Archie in the other. He threw his burdens down on the floor.

“Are you all right, Nettie?”

She nodded, shocked to see blood on the faces of Matt and Archie. “Are they okay?”

“They will be. They need to stay out here in the country and think about what they did. I’ve bought them and they are happy now, so we don’t have to worry about them.” Jay clearly wanted to wipe his hands free of their blood.

She took off her suit coat and offered him the inside.

“I don’t want to dirty your clothes.”

“Don’t worry about it. I won’t be wearing them anymore.”

Jay’s face split into a grin. “Going clothes shopping with Goldie?”

“Doesn’t she always get what she wants?”

Jay wiped off his hands and offered her the jacket back. She took up one end with her hands and Jay tugged on the other end of the jacket, pulling her toward him. “She will if you will be her mama. And my wife.”

The feeling she had of Jay putting his arms around her was more perfect and even better than her imagination. She spoke into his broad chest in a muffled voice, “You don’t mind that I can’t have children?”

“We have Goldie, love. She’s ours if you want her.”

“Of course I do.” She laid her hands on his lapel. “And if I were to get sick again?”

Jay pulled her from him. Something shifted in his eyes. Her heart skipped a beat. He didn’t want her. It would be too much emotionally to have had two sick wives, and she couldn’t blame him for that.

“We’re going to enjoy each and every day we have. And I’ll treasure each one like gold. We’ll keep ourselves in his service, so, hopefully, that day won’t come for a long, long time. I love you. And I hope it’s enough for you.”

“I love you,” she whispered, “and I know it’s enough.”

This time, Nettie was the one leaning in to kiss those lips she had longed for, knowing in her heart, this man and his daughter were the true reasons she had been saved from sure death all those years ago.





Chapter Nineteen


Since Jay was getting too old to play baseball, he could own a place where baseball was played instead. He took over the payments on the baseball field that had been built in the middle of the Hill about four years ago. The guy owed him a favor or two, and buying the field was the perfect way to show he was completely out of the game. Besides, May was just the time for baseball in Pittsburgh, and for weddings. He would have no problem leasing his new ball field. Now, he had his own place to watch the Crawfords, but also other teams who would come to Pittsburgh to visit and want a place to practice close to where the Pirates played in Forbes Field.

He had thoughts of drafting a new minor-league team to feed into those Negro teams. He might organize the kids in the Hill. Watching people play in the field on off days gave him a feeling of joy he had not known was possible sitting in that crowded storefront on Wylie Avenue. Now he was free and not weighed down by other people’s promises, expectations, pennies, nickels and dimes.

But he kept the bank. He always wanted to be there to help if he could.

Today, his baseball park, Fields of Gold, would play host to a special event. When he and Nettie announced to her family that they would be married, Nettie insisted that only one person could perform their ceremony and that she had to come from Florida.

And his promised bride had been right. Sister Jane was a pistol, all right—an old lady who was most appreciative of Jay’s muscular assets. It made him laugh to think about how she got a kick out of squeezing his arms. But what he liked most about Sister Jane was that she was someone who wasn’t surprised that Nettie was getting married.

“I had always prayed for that but kept it for me,” he overheard Sister Jane say when she thought she was alone with Nettie. Jay listened to every word. “I just didn’t know if you would open yourself up to the possibility.”

“I never thought I could be a wife and a mother. I didn’t see that in my life.”

“God’s plans can go many ways, child. Maybe he didn’t intend for children to come from your body. But the way that you feel about this little girl and her father is even more precious because it’s rare. Hold on to it, child. Treasure it.”

“I will.”

From that moment, Jay had loved Sister Jane. He’d looked forward to her benediction of their marriage for quite some time. Now, on this day at the start of May, it was here.

It may have been risky to wear white to a ballpark, but his all-white suit was one of his last extravagances as a man who had gone in a new way, and he was determined to do it right.

Asa, his future brother-in-law, knocked on the door and leaned into his office, “Are you ready?”

“Oh yeah. As I will ever be. Thanks for standing up for me.”

“You’re welcome. You know, Doc will come around sometime.”

“Well, he’s here, even if he doesn’t approve.” Jay was not in control of other people’s feelings about his marriage—just his own. He knew what was in his heart.

Asa clapped him on the shoulder. “And Mags is sorry that she isn’t here. So sorry. But she understands you don’t want to delay your marriage for much longer. She knows why.”

“Well, I think giving birth to a beautiful new Sadie, or shall I say Sarah Edyth, is a good reason to miss her sister’s wedding.” Jay nodded back at Asa. “But I’m glad she understands. I can’t wait to start my new life with my bride.”

“That’s exactly what I hoped to hear. Let’s go.”

He had hired a friend to play the piano. They’d pushed it out into center field from his office.

He walked through the visiting archway of the park with Asa, to the center of the field. Sister Jane waited there, dressed in gorgeous robes of purple.

The men arranged themselves next to her.

Sister Jane squeezed Jay’s bicep one more time. “For luck,” she whispered, and turned to the other archway where the home team usually came through.

All of the Bledsoes, except for Mags and her new daughter, were gathered around Sister Jane, most of them looking happy, and some of them—Lona and Ruby—pointedly weeping into handkerchiefs. The Marshes stood there, too, their round faces reflecting such joy he thought their grins would split their faces.

He knew just how they felt.

A fanfare played and Goldie, dressed in a pristine white-silk dress and pinafore, with white Mary Janes, came dancing though the archway, spreading white rose petals. Goldie marched up, stood next to father and winked.

He winked back.

“Wait until you see her, Daddy.”

Another fanfare played and Nettie came through the archway, dressed all in white, with a long white veil attached to the bandeau surrounding her head. Her white dress was sleeveless and went toward the ground in a ragged hem, showing off high-heeled Mary Janes.

Dear Lord.

His heart pounded. Nettie made for the most beautiful bridal jazz baby he had ever seen. When she came and stood next to him, he took her hand and put it tightly into the crook of his arm.

Sister Jane held up her arms. “This beautiful couple has asked me to stand here and perform the ceremony. I have married many a couple in my time, but this here’s Pennsylvania. It was a Quaker state, so you all can marry yourselves. Go on ahead now.” She stepped back.

Jay spoke first. “Now, we start our lives together.”

“Yes, now.”

“I’ll love you forever, no matter what.”

“I will as well.”

“And be your faithful husband, no matter the illness, pleasure or pain.”

“And your faithful wife, no matter the illness, pleasure or pain.”

He reached down and kissed his wife, thankful that because of Pennsylvania’s Quaker origins, he did not have to waste one single minute more in the wedding ceremony. They were married.

He and Nettie would spend the rest of their lives loving one another, treasuring each and every moment as if it were pure gold.





Author’s Note


The decade of the 1920s represented a sea of change after the end of World War I. Many social changes flourished during this time period. The passage of Prohibition meant an increase in crime and a change in the family dynamic. Women found new social freedom as well. A Treasure of Gold tells that story. Still, what was seen as criminal acts in the larger society appeared differently in segregated communities like the Hill in Pittsburgh.

Some of my sources and inspiration for Jay and Nettie’s story follow:

Wylie Avenue Days, documentary, WQED Pittsburgh.

Burns, Ken, Baseball.

Burns, Ken, Jazz.

Runyun, Damon, Guys and Dolls and Other Writings.

Sims, Patsy, Can Somebody Shout Amen!

Thompson, Nathan, Kings: The True Story of Chicago’s Policy Kings and Numbers Racketeers.

Trotter, Joe, and Eric Ledell Smith, eds., African Americans in Pennsylvania.





About the Author


Piper Huguley—named the 2015 Debut Author of the Year by Romance Slam Jam, Breakout Author of 2015 by the AAMBC and a top ten historical romance author in Publishers Weekly, by Beverly Jenkins—is a two-time Golden Heart® finalist. She is the author of Migrations of the Heart, a five-book series of historical romances set in the early twentieth century, featuring African American characters. Book 1 in the series, A Virtuous Ruby, won the Golden Rose contest in historical romance in 2013 and was a Golden Heart finalist in 2014. Book 4, A Champion’s Heart, was a Golden Heart finalist in 2013.

Huguley is also the author of the Home to Milford College series. The series follows the building of a college, from its founding in 1866. On release, the prequel novella to the Home to Milford College series, The Lawyer’s Luck, reached Amazon’s “#1 Best Seller” status on the African American Christian fiction charts.

Piper blogs about the history behind her novels at www.piperhuguley.com. She lives in Atlanta, Georgia, with her husband and son.





Look for these titles by Piper Huguley


Now Available:

Migrations of the Heart

A Virtuous Ruby

A Most Precious Pearl

A Treasure of Gold





Don’t miss the other titles in the Migrations of the Heart Series!



They’re cut from different cloths…but their hearts are a perfect fit.

Migrations of the Heart, Book 2

Asa Caldwell returned from the Great War with nothing to show for it—as in nothing below his left knee. Forget about the journalism career he loved. His story is over. Done.

Yet he finds the strength to journey to Winslow, Georgia, to get Ruby Bledsoe Morson’s sister out of trouble. Before he can bring Mags Bledsoe home, though, a spate of mysterious attacks reawakens his investigative instincts.

During the war, Mags did her duty to God and country by stepping into a management role at the textile mill. Now she’s been shuffled back to the rank and file—and Asa has her hard-earned job. Not only is the infernal man doing everything wrong, her plan for revenge against the mill owner who lynched her childhood sweetheart is farther out of reach than ever.

As they clash over almost everything, Mags begins to set fire to Asa’s soul, bright enough to dim the memory of the killing fields of France. Enough to give him a new mission in life—to make her feel the same way.

Warning: Contains a wounded warrior who’s done with fighting…and one feisty woman who makes him snap to attention.





An unexpected love in a small, Southern town.

Migrations of the Heart, Book 1

After fifteen months of hiding from the shame of bearing an illegitimate child, two words drive Ruby Bledsoe to face the good citizens of Winslow, Georgia. Never again. She vows to speak out against injustice. For her sisters. For her parents. For her infant son, Solomon.

When she comes to help an injured mill worker, she bristles when a tall, handsome man claiming to be a doctor brushes her aside. Despite his arrogance, Ruby senses he’s someone like her, whose light skin doesn’t quite hide who he is.

Up north, Dr. Adam Morson easily kept his mixed race a secret. Now that he’s in Georgia, summoned by his white father, he can feel restrictions closing in around him.

Something powerful draws him to the beauty whose activist spirit is as fiery as her name. And soon, Adam wants nothing more than to take Ruby and her child far from Georgia’s toxic prejudice. But Ruby must choose between seeking her own happiness and staying to fight for the soul of her hometown.

Warning: Contains a doctor learning there’s more to healing his patients than stitching a wound, and more to a woman than knowing her place—and it’s not in the shadows with her head down. Sorry, Buckeye fans, this hero’s a Wolverine—but we won’t hold that against him.





eBooks are not transferable.

They cannot be sold, shared or given away as it is an infringement on the copyright of this work.

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locale or organizations is entirely coincidental.

Samhain Publishing, Ltd.

11821 Mason Montgomery Road Suite 4B

Cincinnati OH 45249

A Treasure of Gold

Copyright © 2015 by Piper Huguley

ISBN: 978-1-61922-743-9

Edited by Latoya Smith

Cover by Kanaxa

All Rights Are Reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

First Samhain Publishing, Ltd. electronic publication: November 2015

www.samhainpublishing.com





Table of Contents

Dedication

Acknowledgments

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Author’s Note

About the Author

Look for these titles by Piper Huguley





