Amazing Grace


American Historical Romance





Lena Hart





AMAZING GRACE

Copyright © 2017

Originally published in The Brightest Day anthology.



* * *



E-book ISBN: 978-1-941885-43-7



* * *



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission, except in the case of brief passages embodied in critical reviews and articles.



* * *



Illustration art by Doan Trang





Contents





Hearts at War series



AMAZING GRACE





Prologue



Chapter One



Chapter Two



Chapter Three



Chapter Four



Chapter Five



Chapter Six



Chapter Seven



Chapter Eight



Chapter Nine



Chapter Ten



Epilogue



Want more?





Author’s Note





I. BONUS EXCERPT



From the Author





Books by Lena Hart



About the Author





Don’t forget to download the complete series!





It’s the year 1866—the Civil War is over and slavery has ended…



* * *



Yet life for 18-year-old Gracie Shaw takes an unexpected turn when she is “encouraged” to marry a man sight unseen. To ensure the financial stability of her family, she agrees—until a handsome stranger captures her attention and makes going through with the marriage almost impossible.



* * *



Determined to start a new life far from his old one, former Confederate soldier Logan Finley boards a train headed west—to lawless territory. When he is entrusted with the duty to escort the loveliest woman he’s ever met, he realizes he wants more than just a fresh start. He wants her.



* * *



While Gracie wrestles with her desires, she soon learns that there is more to Mr. Logan Finley than she could have ever imagined. Will she find the grace within to forgive their past—or will her anger and pain blind her to true love?





To Ms. Beverly Jenkins—thank you for pioneering this genre and being in the forefront of its success. Here’s to its continued growth…



* * *



And to taking some of that weight off your shoulders.☺





“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.”

Martin Luther King, Jr.





Prologue





September, 1852

Northern Maryland



“You’ll be free or die, woman.”

Gracie watched as the stern old woman pointed the big, long gun at her mama. Fear paralyzed Gracie where she sat on the high wagon. Tightening her thin arms around her mama’s waist, she waited to see what the angry old woman would do.

“Now you sat back down and hold on to your baby girl.”

Her mama tightened her arms around her and instantly fell back into her seat. Gracie followed her down, never breaking her hold. The angry old woman slowly lowered her rifle, and the stiffness seemed to leave her mama’s slender frame.

“But what if we get caught? Mr. Charlie gon’ whip us all good. Then he gon’ have Massa sell us down south like he say.”

Gracie had never heard such fear, such earnestness, from her mama before. Actually, that wasn’t true. She had heard it once, a few days ago, when her mama had pleaded with Mr. Charlie not to whip her daddy. But the mean overseer hadn’t paid her mama’s pleas any mind. Her daddy had been beat anyway.

And it had been all her fault.

But tonight, with the air around them filled with fear and panic, all Gracie could do was cling to her terrified mama and keep her arms locked around her waist.

“Your massa prolly kill you and your man if y’all go back. Then he’d sell your little girl. After he beat her. Is that what you want?”

Her mama shook her head wildly. “No, no. Massa Flynn ain’t like that. Maybe…maybe if we go back, no one will know we missing?”

“Hush, woman, and quit your squealing before you get us all caught. We ain’t make it this far just so you can turn back. Now, if your baby girl can be still, so can you.”

“Moses, she just scared, is all.” The ragged words from her daddy were the first he’d spoken since they’d been riding under the guide of the moonlight. He could barely sit up straight from the lashing he’d gotten from Mr. Charlie, but he managed. “We don’t wanna go back.”

The woman they called Moses grunted. “Good. Now we got less than an hour before we make it to the next station. This part of the land is gonna be a bit bumpy, so you tell your woman she better not jump up like she did while I’m driving this thing.”

“She heard you,” her daddy rasped out. “Ain’t that right, Lynn?”

Her mama swiftly nodded. Before long, they were again trampling through the dark road, with the dry autumn leaves and fallen branches crackling beneath the horse hooves and the weight of the wagon.

The night before they’d started on their journey, her mama had told her that they would be leaving for freedom, that they would start a new life. And that this old woman was the one who would take them to this “Promised Land.” Gracie didn’t know what to expect when they got there, and when she’d asked her mama if they would be happy in this new land, her mama’s eyes had filled with tears, but she’d laughed and hugged her close. “Yes, baby, we’ll be happy,” her mama had said. “A home where we’ll be safe and together is a great blessing.”

Gracie was anxious now more than ever for them to get to this new land. Her mama was rigid with fear and her daddy was slouched over in pain. Nothing about tonight seemed like a blessing. They had left their warm cabin only to be out here, scared and cold. It wasn’t like they had it bad at their old home. Yes, Mr. Charlie was a mean, quick-tempered man, but Massa Flynn never raised a hand to them. He was a big, burly man with a funny accent and was usually smiling—unlike Mr. Charlie. Maybe if Massa Flynn had been on the plantation yesterday, he would have stopped Mr. Charlie from whipping her daddy.

The wagon went over a hump and landed hard, jostling them in their seats. Her father groaned but made no complaint. Gracie wanted to tell her mama that she wanted to turn back too. To get back to their home and into her warm bed. But she didn’t dare say a word. The way the old woman managed the horse and buggy said she was determined to get them to their destination. Besides, if her daddy could endure without complaint, she would too.

“Y’all see that light?” Moses finally said, breaking the silence in the wagon. “That light means we’re close to reaching friends.”

Gracie pulled away from her mother and peered out into the darkness toward the direction the old woman was pointing. In the distance, she saw a soft glow of light. It wasn’t the brightest beacon of hope, but that small glimmer filled Gracie with a large amount of anticipation and faith. Their new life was near, and soon they would never have to be scared or cold again.

The wagon went over another ditch. This time, they all bounced slightly from their seat. Without her mama as an anchor, Gracie slid from the wooden bench. She released a small screech as she nearly went flying over the wagon, flailing for something to grab. A strong hand latched on to her arm and hauled her back in.

“Don’t worry, little darling. I ain’t never lost a passenger and I ain’t gonna tonight!” Moses released a quick chuckle before she eased her tight hold.

Gracie peered up at the old woman as her mama gathered her in her arms. Once her heart slowed its wild beating, Gracie settled against her mama’s side and, with a soft smile, silently joined in on the old woman’s humming.

The brightest daaayyy that I can saaayyy… Coming for to carry me hooommme…





Chapter One





June, 1866

Outside New York City



“She’s a beauty, for sure, Mr. Finley. How much do you want for her?”

Logan Finley spat on the ground, taking his time before he answered. The right response was crucial in that moment if he wanted a good price for his brown beauty.

“Two hundred.”

The old shopkeeper whistled. “That’s pretty steep, don’t you think?”

“You said yourself she’s a beauty. Strong teeth. Fine bones, too. I won’t take anything less for her.”

The man made a show of thinking over the price, but Logan knew it was just a buyer’s ploy to get him to squirm over the potential loss of a sale. But two hundred dollars for his brown chestnut was, in his opinion, already a bargain. He hated to part with the horse, but he couldn’t make the trip west with her. He’d just have to hope he could find a suitable replacement with the money from this sale.

“Do you want her or not, Mr. Morgan? I have other offers lined up for her.” Logan didn’t, but the other man wasn’t the only one who had a few tradesmen tricks. Besides, the older man owned several local businesses in the town. He could afford it.

“Okay, Mr. Finley. You’ve got yourself a deal.”

Mr. Morgan stuck out his hand, and Logan grasped it in a firm handshake. He noticed the way the older man’s eyes widened as he looked down at his disfigured hand. Logan was prepared for the man to awkwardly pull away, as so many had done while they attempted not to stare at him with pity. The old shopkeeper did release his hand, but he didn’t avoid asking him about it, as Logan expected.

“What happened there?”

Logan glanced down at his mutilated right hand where his last three digits had been severed. It was now covered in scar tissue and rough, leathery skin. He usually wore his gloves in public, but with the intense summer heat rolling in, the thick black glove had been uncomfortable. But not as uncomfortable as the sympathetic look the old man was sending him. Suddenly, Logan was eager to get this last sale over with.

“The war happened,” Logan finally replied, annoyed and embarrassed by the pity he saw on the man’s face. His hand was a small price to pay given the brutality of the war. Unlike his friends and his father, he was still alive, and that was all that mattered.

Mr. Morgan made a sympathetic sound and shook his head. “You’re a brave man, Mr. Finley. What a tragedy that our country had to endure such a senseless war by those damn Johnny Rebs. But we sure showed them what for!”

Logan grunted as the man slapped his back, but said nothing. It probably wouldn’t go over well with the old Yank had he known he was conducting business with a “damn Johnny Reb” and Logan wasn’t going to enlighten him. The modest savings he’d inherited, along with the money he’d made from the assets he’d sold, had afforded him minor luxuries, like new clothes, easy meals, and temporary lodging—luxuries many of his counterparts hadn’t been privileged to enjoy. After the Confederate army had disbanded, thousands of his brothers-at-arms had been left in the poorhouse, forced to work menial jobs, or enter into a life of crime just to get by.

But Logan didn’t spend a lot of time worrying about what had become of his old regiment. The war was over, and everything—and everyone—he’d known was dead, including his allegiance to the Confederacy. Along with all the things he had once believed in. There was nothing more for him to do but to move forward. More precisely, move westward. There, he would be able to start over and build a new life.

Eager to get going, Logan finalized the sale with the old shopkeeper and headed to the ticket station. Tomorrow morning he planned to be on the first train out of this town. He would make it to Colorado, find himself a nice plot of homesteader land to settle on, and finally build a home to call his own.

With his train ticket in his breast pocket, Logan made his way back to the small lodging he’d been renting a room in these past few days while he finalized last-minute business. As he approached the Negro-owned establishment, the irony wasn’t lost on him that he now depended on shelter from a race of people he had once been the provider for. In fact, many of the homes and businesses in the area were owned by blacks. But they didn’t bother him and he didn’t bother them.

He watched as women and their children roamed the streets, some moving in hurried steps as they tugged their young ones along, others taking leisurely strolls or stopping to socialize. Not unlike how things had been on his farm, but now these people could go and come as they pleased. Hell, if some of the radical Confederates he encountered in the war could see them now, they would realize how wrong their views were. It was apparent the Negroes could live and thrive on their own.

Logan couldn’t say he was nostalgic for his old life on his father’s small farm. He had just turned sixteen when his father had fetched him from Mexico to live and work on his tobacco farm. Surprisingly, his relationship with his father had been better than one would expect from a man who had only just reunited with his illegitimate son. Having spent the majority of his youth working in order to ease the burden from his overloaded mother, Logan had not been a stranger to hard work. But over time, he had grown accustomed to his position on the farm, and managing servants and slaves had come easy.

Before the war, the farm had been his life and Logan had never imagined how much he—and everything he believed in—would change because of it. Now he was undergoing yet another change in his life, and it involved letting go everything he had been taught during his time with his father.

Logan crossed the courtyard and passed a crowd of men, women, and children gathered in a semicircle. There was a small stage being erected with crates and planks of wood. More people gathered, and a young woman in a yellow and white day dress was helped up on the stage. Her dark brown skin glowed beautifully against the high afternoon sun. Her thick black hair was twisted into two large coils and held together by a snood at the back of her head, revealing a smooth, round face and large, dark eyes.

His interest and curiosity got the better of him, and Logan moved to take a better look. Before he could get closer, something solid bounced against his boot. He glanced down to find an apple resting beside his foot. A young boy, who couldn’t have been more than six years old, stood frozen in front of him, gripping a folded paper in his hand. Logan tried to offer him a friendly smile, but the Negro boy continued staring at him with more wariness than should have been on his young face. The look in his stricken gaze was as if he was staring at the devil himself.

With a small sigh, Logan lifted the fallen fruit, which now had a small bruise on the bottom. He held it out to the young boy. “It’d be a shame to let a fine apple go to waste.” Logan shrugged. “But if you don’t want it….”

He waited as the boy took ginger steps toward him to retrieve it. There weren’t many whites in this area of town, and Logan couldn’t blame the boy for his hesitance. Tales of the violent New York draft riots had made their way down South, and many Confederates had been filled with pride over the news that Negros had been targeted. Not even the burning of an orphan asylum housing colored children had stopped their celebrating. “Finally the damn Yanks realize who side they should be fighting for,” one commanding officer had boasted.

The boy snatched the apple from his hand and took off running. Logan sighed again. He couldn’t blame the boy for his fear of him. With the things he’d seen, the things he’d done, it would put the fear of God in anyone.

He turned back to the crowd, and a dark man dressed in religious garb got on the makeshift stage and proceeded to address the crowd in a commanding voice.

“Good afternoon, brothers and sisters. Thank you for joining us for our official celebration of freedom. Three years ago, our president, Mr. Abraham Lincoln, God rest his soul, signed the Emancipation Proclamation into law. But it wasn’t until last June, in Galveston, Texas, that all slaves were finally set free.”

The crowd cheered as the reverend went on to highlight points from the proclamation. Logan watched the jubilant crowd, again noting with some amazement how much things had changed from what he once understood to be his way of life.

The reverend brought forward the young woman in the yellow dress. Her bright skirt was tapered close to her waist, outlining her figure nicely while still remaining modest. Logan vaguely wondered just how shapely she was under the prim and proper garb.

“Now, as many of you know,” the reverend began, “Miss Gracie and Miss Madeline will be leaving us tomorrow. So, tonight is also a celebration of not only our independence, but also of them and all they’ve contributed to the community. As we bid them farewell, let’s remember to keep them in our hearts and prayers for their long journey west.”

The crowd murmured and nodded their praise, while Logan stared up at the young woman who appeared bashful yet charmed by the attention. The way she gripped her hands in front of her also revealed how nervous she really was. Her strained smile was another indication, though her obvious tension didn’t diminish how enchanting she was. From where he stood, Logan could see she was a very attractive woman, with a look of innocence that could easily replace all the ugliness he’d ever seen.

Logan shook his head at himself, scoffing at his romanticism. Nothing could make him forget the ugliness he had witnessed—or the pain he had inflicted. Not time or alcohol, and certainly not a pretty, wide-eyed young girl. Yet he couldn’t quite stop staring at her and he didn’t know why. She was only a woman—a Negro one at that—and it was foolish for him to let himself be captivated by an ordinary girl.

And yet there he stood, completely enthralled.

“…before we pray, Miss Gracie will graciously lead us into song one last time.”

The crowd suddenly grew quiet. Not even the wind dared to rustle a leaf. Logan started back toward his lodging, but he didn’t get far.

Her voice.

Like a rolling thunder, her voice moved through him with sweet vibrations. It was strong yet ethereal. The kind that myths were made of. The kind that could soothe and nurture any haunted soul. It enraptured and possessed him.

And kept him frozen where he stood.

“‘Twas grace that taught my heart to fear…and grace my fears relieved,” she sang. “How precious did that grace appear…the hour I first believed…”

The hairs on the back of his neck stirred, and Logan couldn’t tear his eyes away. A singing angel, that’s what she was. She kept her eyes shut as she sang, and the serenity on her calm face enthralled him. There was a sort of peace there that he hadn’t felt in a long time. And her voice…it was like light illuminating a dark room, like drink to a thirsty man, and Logan didn’t realize until that moment how much he craved that lightness again.

Like everyone else in the courtyard, Logan was pulled into her musical spell as she sang the next verse of a song he’d grown all too familiar with on the ravaged battlefields of broken and desperate men.

“Amazing grace… How sweet the sound… that saved a wretch like me… I once was lost…but now am found… Was blind, but now I see…”

The last words glided from her lips in a hypnotic croon until it was nothing but an echo around them. Logan released the breath he hadn’t realized he’d held, but no one applauded or even moved because to do so would have somehow disrupted the magic that still lingered in the air.





Chapter Two





Gracie Shaw’s heart thumped in her chest as her limbs gradually lost some of its tension. It was always like this when she sang. Her muscles locked in a spell she couldn’t pull herself from, as if something or someone had taken over her body and she had no choice but to give in to it.

She took a tentative step back as Reverend Mavis came forward.

“That was beautiful, Miss Gracie. Now let us bow our heads and pray…”

Gracie hesitated, however. She couldn’t shake the feeling that someone was watching her. She felt its warmth from where she stood, and looked out into the crowd of bent heads as the reverend began his prayer.

The man wasn’t hard to miss.

Out in the sea of dark faces was a single white one. Not as pale as some white men she had encountered, but whoever he was, he was certainly a stranger. Even under the brim of his hat, she could feel his intense scrutiny and it brought heat rushing to her cheeks. It was probably all in her head, but she couldn’t shake the unnerving sensation that he wanted something from her…something wholly intangible and beyond her reach.

They stood there staring at each other a moment longer, as if they were the only two present in the courtyard. The facial hair covering the lower half of his face hid his expression, which only added to his mystery. He was dressed simply, though the short-tapered ends of his hair said he wasn’t so destitute he couldn’t afford a regular haircut. His broad shoulders and the thick arms folded over his chest also said he wasn’t a stranger to hard work.

Who was he?

He was certainly an enigma, but there was something about him that pulled her attention to him and kept her gaze locked there. She was focused on only him, and he stood there as if he was prepared to wait forever for her to come to him…

Gracie blinked then swiftly bowed her head. She was truly losing her mind if she thought that. The fact that she had conjured up such a wild conclusion from just one look was a testament to her overactive imagination, as her parents liked to put it.

She blamed it on her sudden arranged marriage and the long travel she had ahead of her tomorrow. It was making her see things that weren’t there and fantasize about things that could never be. She must truly be desperate to get out of her marriage contract if she believed some strange white man was out there to whisk her away from a life she didn’t want.

What would it be like to be a miner’s wife?

Would it be demanding and tiresome, or would she spend most of her days alone at home until her husband came home? From what she gathered from Mr. Robert Whitaker, he was the owner of several mining companies. Was he the type to sit behind a desk and have other men work for him or was he the type to labor alongside his men?

Gracie took a deep, shuddering breath to quell her sudden anxiety. No need to ponder on that now. She would know soon enough.

A chorus of “amens” rang out, and she became acutely aware that she had not listened to one word of Reverend Mavis’ prayer. She blamed that on the stranger, and made a promise to pray double tonight before bed.

Music and laughter broke out among the crowd as their small community began to celebrate their first year of Negro freedom. Different communities had begun celebrating it as early as January, when the proclamation had been signed into law, but their community had thought it more fitting to celebrate this month when the slaves in Galveston had finally been emancipated. Gracie was simply excited that they had such a holiday to celebrate, and was grateful she got to be a part of it in some small way before she left for good tomorrow.

She made her way off the stage, but not before her gaze unconsciously traveled over to where the stranger had stood. He was gone.

It was just as well. She didn’t have time to wonder about some strange man and his impolite staring. In less than eighteen hours, she would be on a train to Montana to meet her new husband. And she would never see her family again.

The thought filled her with such sadness that her steps faltered and the tears she had kept at bay for weeks suddenly welled in her eyes. From the land maps she’d studied, Montana was a long way from New York. After tonight, she would never have the choice of seeing her parents whenever she wanted, and she would not get to see her ten-year-old brother grow up to be a man.

Gracie quickly dashed the tears away and took an unsteady breath as she hurried home. As much as she wanted to stay for the festivities, she wanted to use the last hours she had left tonight to be with her family. She waved and smiled to those who called out greetings to her, but their faces were a blur from the tears that still clouded her vision. This community had been her home for the last eleven years. Everyone knew her from the work she did at the church and the new orphanage they had built for the displaced children who had come in from the city when the Colored Orphan Asylum had been burned down.

Another wave of sadness washed over her when she thought of her students. She didn’t have any formal training to teach anyone. But with the growing need for educators in their area, she had jumped at the chance to help the younger children with their writing and reading—her two favorite subjects when she had been in school.

She was so caught up in her sorrow that she almost missed little Tobias as he ran toward her and wrapped his small arms tightly around her waist.

“Oh!” Gracie exclaimed as the little boy buried his face in her skirts. She hugged him close to her for a moment then pulled him away and dropped down to her haunches. Sad brown eyes stared back at her, and she pulled him to her again for another quick hug.

“I’m going to miss you too, Tobias,” she whispered over the lump forming in her throat. “But you promise to be a good boy and listen to everything Miss Monroe tells you?”

The little boy nodded, still clinging to her for a bit longer. She was going to miss him most of all. He had made such significant progress since he’d been under the care of the orphanage. He didn’t speak much since he’d been found hiding in the woods a year and a half ago. From the scars on his young body, and the bit of information they had gathered from him, he was likely a runaway who had either been separated from his family or worse—they had been captured or killed.

It had taken months for him to say just a few words, but by then the church had christened him Tobias and the name had stayed. She knew her bond to the little boy came from remembering her own experience many years ago when her family had fled with her in the dead of night. She remembered their fear and her anxiety, and could only imagine what trauma Tobias harbored behind those solemn brown eyes.

“I have to get going now, Tobias.” The little boy tightened his hold on her, and she laughed softly. “I wish I could stay,” she said. I wish I could stay forever. “But I have to go home and finish my packing.” She pulled away and wiped the streak of tears that had fallen on his cheeks with the pad of her thumb. “Don’t cry. You have plenty of people who love you here. You won’t even notice I’m gone.”

Her attempt at comforting didn’t seem to stop his silent tears. She would just have to maintain her composure and be strong for them both, as she had done the moment she had accepted the arranged marriage.

She had barely managed to keep her poise last week when her students had surprised her with letters and drawings to take with her on her trip. She had said her goodbyes to them, her neighbors, and all of her close friends these past few days, and yet she still didn’t get that sense of closure or peace she had hoped would lighten her heavy heart.

When Tobias’ tears stopped, he thrust a crumpled letter and bruised apple toward her. She smiled down at him. He had been the only one who hadn’t given her a letter. Not that she had expected one. He was still learning and continued to struggle with his writing.

“Is that for me, Tobias?”

His small head bobbed up and down. Gracie took the apple and note from his hand. He must have picked up the gesture from the other students who liked bringing her and the other tutors apples. Though she detested the fruit, she had never told her students that.

She opened the letter and found a crude drawing of a short figure and a tall one with what she imagined were her wide skirts. Tears again welled in her eyes and she clutched the items to her chest. If she wasn’t careful, she would find herself weeping uncontrollably in front of the young boy.

“Thank you, Tobias.” Luckily he didn’t hear the strain in her voice. “Tell you what. Why don’t you walk me the rest of the way home?”

With his small hand tucked in hers, they made the short walk to her family’s modest home. When they reached the steps of her front porch, she braced herself for another tearful goodbye, but her young brother startled them when he burst from the house, carrying a cloth-covered basket. In his haste, he almost ran into them.

“Junior. Slow down.”

Her brother came to a quick halt, the basket swaying wildly in his hand. “Gracie? You’re supposed to be at the festival.”

“I left early. Now, where you off to?”

A wide grin broke out on his dark brown face. “Going to sell Mama’s biscuits over there. One penny each.”

She stared at him suspiciously. The last she heard, her mother had planned to donate her famous sweet biscuits as part of the festivities. “Did she tell you to sell them?”

“She didn’t tell me not to.”

Gracie shook her head. Telling her ten-year old brother not to do something never made a difference. He still took it upon himself to do the complete opposite. She would just have to make sure her mother got a cut of the profits. “Well, make sure you’re back for supper. This will be our last meal together, you know.”

At the reminder, his face fell and his slender shoulders slumped forward. “I know,” he mumbled.

Gracie hooked her finger under his chin and lifted his face to hers. “Hey now. No one’s going to buy biscuits from such a sour-looking face. Now, give me that famous Joseph Junior smile.”

The moment he did, she rained kisses down on his face. Her brother squirmed out of her grasp, his round face scrunched with disgust.

“Ugh. Stop, Gracie.”

Laughing, she rubbed the top of his coarse hair. “Go on, now. And take Tobias with you.” With one last hug from the little boy, she watched as the two boys dashed off down the dirt road. Gracie released a shaky sigh and made her way inside her home, trying hard not to think about it being the last time she would be able to call it that. Home.

Starting tomorrow, she would make the near two-week journey to Montana and begin her new life as Mrs. Robert Whitaker. She didn’t know much about the mulatto man other than he was a mature businessman—only a few years her father’s junior—who had made his fortune during the Montana gold rush five years ago. He was also a Christian man who had reached out to the church in search of a “pure, good-hearted Christian girl” to move out west and marry. This wasn’t the way Gracie had dreamed of meeting her future husband, but that didn’t much matter now. Making sure her family was taken cared of did.

The only positive to this all was that she wouldn’t be traveling alone. Mrs. Virginia Dobson would be escorting her and Madeline Asher to their new homes and husbands. Gracie was grateful to have the former abolitionist and widower as an escort. Mrs. Dobson had embarked on similar trips with young white ladies from the neighboring community who had become contract brides for Christian men out west. For Gracie and Madeline, Mrs. Dobson had volunteered to see them to their destination safely.

Gracie had read many stories of the dangers that were common in the rough terrain, but with Mrs. Dobson’s shrewdness and assertiveness, Gracie’s fears and anxiety were eased. And though Gracie hadn’t developed a close friendship with the other girl who had recently relocated to their community from Pennsylvania, it was nice to know she would have a familiar face with her when they arrived in Montana.

“Gracie, is that you?”

She followed her father’s baritone voice to the back bedroom, where her mother was rubbing his injured arm and shoulder. She stood by the door, surprised her father would allow her to see him like this. Since the war, where he had lost his right arm, he only allowed her mother to assist him and see him without his shirt.

“Yes, Daddy?”

“Go in that dresser and get me a clean shirt.”

“Joseph,” her mother interjected, “I’ve got you a clean shirt right here.”

“I don’t wanna wear that one. I want Gracie to get me another.”

Her mother didn’t argue further as Gracie went to the dresser and pulled out a shirt that looked similar to the one draped across the foot of the bed.

“Lynn, will you get my medicine?”

Her mother glanced down at her father curiously, her hands hovering over his maimed flesh. “Don’t you want me to help—”

“Gracie can manage. Ain’t that right, baby girl?”

Gracie nodded, though equally surprised by the request. Her mother was also taken aback by his unexpected request, but she simply nodded and left the room.

Her father had never asked for her help before even though his injured arm was a regular source of pain for him. The doctors said it was all in his head, nothing more than “phantom” pain, but whenever it struck, her father would be gripped with agony because of it.

“You’re not scared, are you, baby girl?”

“Of course not, Daddy,” Gracie crossed the room to where he sat on the bed.

“It’s okay to be a little scared, y’know.”

She stared at her father for a moment as the real meaning of his words sank in. He wasn’t asking if she was scared of him or his injured arm. He wanted to know what she felt about tomorrow and the future. This was the first time her father had asked her about it. When Mrs. Dobson had approached them about the potential arranged marriage, her father hadn’t said much about it, but given her family’s current financial situation, she knew it was an offer she couldn’t readily refuse. And as much as her parents had done and sacrificed for her and her brother, Gracie knew it was her turn to give them something in return.

But now, she didn’t know how to respond to her father. Did she tell him the truth or leave him with some reassurance?

“I might be just a little scared, Daddy,” she confessed. “But I’m also excited. I’ll get to see more of the country and will have more stories to write to you and Mama about.”

And I’ll know that you and Mama won’t have to worry about money for a long time.

Her father chuckled. “You do tell some great stories.”

“So do you,” Gracie teased. After the war, even with all his suffering, her father had told her about the many fascinating places he’d seen and the many different people he’d met along his travels. Though it had been an unfortunate cannon blast that had taken his arm, the pride in his voice from having served his country and fought for their freedom had been quite apparent.

They both fell silent as she helped him into his shirt, careful not to jar his injured flesh. As she tugged the shirt down over his head and torso, it was hard to ignore the faded welts that marred his broad back. Even after all these years, she couldn’t forget—or forgive—her selfishness that had led to his whipping. She had brought him so much pain, and he continued to endure more. Agreeing to an arranged marriage was the least Gracie could do to ensure he wouldn’t have to worry about finding work.

Gracie stepped back as her father rose from the bed and began tucking the ends of the shirt into his pants. He was lean and tall and, despite his missing arm, still possessed a commanding presence. He always kept his face shaved, and even now his handsome, weary features were free of facial hair.

“Is there anything else you need, Daddy?”

For a moment, he stood there awkwardly staring at her. Then, to her surprise, he wrapped his arm around her shoulder and pulled her into a tight hug. Without hesitation, Gracie folded her arms around him and returned the fierce embrace. Though she knew her father loved her, he wasn’t always so openly affectionate. She took full advantage of that moment and hugged him tighter.

“I sought the Lord, and he answered me and delivered me from all my fears.” The heaviness of her father’s low words as he recited the short prayer pierced through her despair and Gracie realized it was he who was afraid for her. “I love you, Gracelynn Melody Shaw. And I’m gon’ miss you.”

Those words were her undoing and for the first time in weeks, Gracie let the tears flow as she buried her face into her father’s shirt, letting herself get lost in her misery, even for just a little while.

Her father rested his chin on the top of her head, slowly rubbing her back. “Shh, hush now. You have nothing to cry about. You gon’ see the rest of the country, remember? And you gon’ have lots of stories to send back to us. Ain’t that right?”

Gracie nodded. The words she wanted to speak were lodged in her throat, and all she could do was cling to him.

“You just make sure that husband of yours treats you right, Gracie. ‘Cause if he don’t,” he said gruffly, “all you have to do is write to me, and no matter what it takes, I’ll be there to come getcha. No matter what.”





Chapter Three





“All aboard.”

“Come on, girls,” Mrs. Dobson called over her shoulder. “We don’t want to miss this train.”

Gracie followed after the older woman, with Madeline close at her heel. They had just gotten their many bags checked into the baggage carrier and were now rushing to the passenger car.

This was Gracie’s first time travelling on a major railroad, and everything was so confusing. Gracie gave another silent prayer of thanks for having Mrs. Dobson on the trip with them. She would have never figured her way through the mad hustle of the busy train station in time and Madeline had appeared just as confused as she.

While they weren’t close, Gracie knew the girl was still grieving the loss of her former fiancé. She imagined the reality of their final departure must be overwhelming for the other girl, because for Gracie it certainly was. Except, she was good at internalizing her stress and anxiety, and she used that quality now to keep her legs moving.

The whistle sounded, signaling the train’s imminent departure, just as they reached the steps of the car.

“Come now, ladies,” Mrs. Dobson said sharply, wisps of her graying brown hair working their way out of her bonnet as she rushed down the train platform. “Your awaiting grooms provided handsomely to marry two lovely Christian girls and we can’t disappoint them.”

Gracie wasn’t used to hearing the word “groom,” and for a moment, she almost turned on her new boots and hurried in the opposite direction. But that was the impulse of the silly, immature girl still in her. She was a soon-to-be-married woman now and needed to behave like one.

With the assistance of a young porter, they climbed aboard the passenger car and came face to face with a stern looking conductor.

“Hold it right there,” he said tersely, staring at her and Madeline. Though Madeline was a few shades lighter than her, it didn’t stop the man from regarding them with equal loathing. “You Negresses need to go to the last car with your kind.”

Gracie shouldn’t have been surprised, and yet she was. She was also very upset.

“These girls are with me, sir,” Mrs. Dobson said briskly, waving him aside. “Please move out of our way so we can take our seats.”

“Look, lady, I don’t want any trouble,” the burly conductor said, anger flushed brightly on his round cheeks. “Now you either take them to the next car or—”

“Or what?” Mrs. Dobson challenged. “You will physically assault a woman of the church and two innocent Christian girls? I didn’t think so, because the fire I would rain down at your feet would not be pleasant. Now, sir, kindly move out of our way.”

The man glared at them, frustration plain on his ruddy face. “Take them to the back,” he snapped then turned and marched down to the next car.

Gracie followed Mrs. Dobson to their seats, passing white passengers who openly gawked at them. She tried her best to maintain a serene expression, but found it difficult to do under the intense scrutiny of the crowded car. The incident was humiliating enough without their speculation, but there was one passenger who wasn’t eyeing her like some show attraction. If anything, he looked to be fast asleep, his hat pulled over his face and his legs propped up on the seat across him.

Gracie could understand why Mrs. Dobson chose to sit with this stranger. It was the only section in the train car that could seat the three of them together yet was still far enough in the back to keep the hostile conductor content.

“Excuse us, sir.” When the man didn’t acknowledge them, Mrs. Dobson cleared her throat and not so subtly nudged his leg with her knee.

The man finally pulled back his hat, and Gracie drew in a sharp breath. At the small sound, the man swung his gaze to her, and the breath she forgot to release remained lodged in her throat. She recognized the cool, penetrating gaze from yesterday. It was the same man who had been watching her from the courtyard, whose gaze she had felt before she had even seen him. His beard-covered jaw was much sharper and prominent than she anticipated.

But it was his eyes that drew her. Standing only inches away from him, she could finally make out their color.

Firewood.

That’s what they reminded her of. They were the color of fresh firewood—a dark, tawny brown that held the same kind of heat. Even now, as he moved his gaze over her like a warm caress.

“Do you mind, sir?”

At Mrs. Dobson’s pointed question, the man slowly removed his legs from the seat across him.

“Thank you,” she murmured stiffly.

The man inclined his head, but never took his eyes off Gracie. Her cheeks warmed at his assessment, and she averted her eyes as she followed Mrs. Dobson into the narrow space. To her dismay, the older woman took the seat at the window, across the man, forcing Gracie to sit beside him as Madeline came up behind her and took the seat across from him.

Gracie tried not to make a big deal over the seating arrangement, though she tried to create as much distance as she could in the close space. The wide skirt of her new dress, however, still brushed against his long legs. Her betrothed had been generous with his money, providing an advance to her family, a donation to the church, and additional funds for her to purchase whatever supplies she would need. Mrs. Dobson had made sure the majority of that money went to new dresses and boots. Whatever had been left over, Gracie used to fill one of her trunks with books.

“Are you comfortable enough, Miss Gracie?”

Gracie whipped her head around and stared at the stranger. She could only imagine the stunned expression on her face.

How…?

Then she realized he must have been standing among the crowd the entire time she’d been on that stage with Reverend Mavis.

“Yes,” she finally managed. “Thank you.” There was a hint of awareness in the man’s gaze that again held her captivated.

Mrs. Dobson deliberately cleared her throat and the corner of the man’s lips quirked into a slight smile. Something in Gracie’s belly fluttered.

“Have you two met?”

At Mrs. Dobson’s abrupt question, Gracie tore her gaze from the man’s and brought it to the older woman’s suspicious glare. Her face was paler than usual, most likely from their dash to board the train, but her eyes were clear and sharp.

“Yes, ma’am,” the man said. “I had the pleasure of hearing Miss Gracie sing yesterday.”

“During the celebration,” Gracie added, feeling the need to explain her unusual acquaintance with this stranger. She didn’t even know his name and yet felt as if they had just been caught in a secret.

Mrs. Dobson sized him up, her lips pursed and her moss-green eyes watchful. “Well, since you were gracious enough to allow us to sit with you, it’s only proper that we formally introduce ourselves, Mister…”

“Logan Finley, ma’am.” He held out his hand. “It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”

Gracie was taken aback by his politeness. There was something about him that made his civility not insincere just…unexpected.

She also picked up on his slight accent. Usually she was good at placing someone’s background based on their dialect, but she couldn’t pinpoint his. Though there was something familiar in the slow lilt of his words, she still couldn’t quite identify it.

Mrs. Dobson took his hand and proceeded to introduce herself before turning to Madeline and officially presenting her. Madeline nodded to him, yet remained quiet for the most part.

To Gracie’s surprise, Logan extended his gloved hand to her. Although there was a bite in the morning air despite the summer weather, the train car was comfortable enough that there was no need for gloves and she found his use of them odd. But as not to appear impolite, she slowly slipped her hand into his. There was strength in his grip, as well as a surprising gentleness.

“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Finley.”

“Pleasure’s all mine.” The heated glint never left his copper-brown eyes. He held her hand in his for a moment longer, and she couldn’t ignore the soft tremors that coursed along her hand against the rough feel of his leather glove.

What she was feeling toward this stranger was unusual and inappropriate. She had only just met the man. He was a stranger who was probably capable of anything, despite his good manners and obvious proper upbringing. She didn’t like to judge a person until they gave her something to judge them for, but there was something about his eyes that made her think there was a more impassioned man lying dormant inside him.

She tugged her hand from his grip and he released her. Clasping her hands on her lap, Gracie turned to stare out of the window. The gray fog and weather-worn buildings rolled by as the train slowly pulled out of the station.

This was it.

She was leaving her home—and her family—for good.



“Where are you traveling to, Mr. Finley?”

Logan focused his attention on Mrs. Dobson’s question, and away from the silent woman sitting beside him. She was prettier than he initially realized. Where he’d stood yesterday, he hadn’t been able to see just how large and captivating her curious, mahogany eyes were. She even smelled nice, like the vanilla spice his mother would harvest in Mexico when he was a boy.

“I’m on my way to Colorado, ma’am,” Logan replied. “For work.”

Mrs. Dobson nodded approvingly. “Like so many young men of our city. Working is good, but don’t forget God and the church.” She pulled out a fan from her sleeve and began fanning herself rapidly. “‘And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men.’ Colossians Three Twenty-three.”

Logan nodded politely. Though it had been a while since he’d read the Bible—or been in the presence of young Christian ladies—it hadn’t been hard remembering his Southern upbringing. His polite manners seemed to put the older woman at ease. The two young women, however, didn’t seem impressed. In fact, they both appeared lost in their thoughts.

The train continued its jostle and roll, forcing his leg and shoulder to brush lightly against the tense girl beside him. The polite thing to do would have been to slide over and give her some space, but Logan made no attempt to move, enjoying the small contact. After all, he was a man. Not a saint.

“I hear a slight accent, Mr. Finley, but can’t seem to place it,” the woman said thoughtfully. “Gracie here is skilled in linguistics and geography. She is one of my star pupils. Can you place his accent, dear?”

Logan stiffened as she turned to him. He hoped she wasn’t as good as Mrs. Dobson claimed. The last thing he wanted to do was discuss his upbringing, especially his life as a Southern planter.

“No, ma’am, I don’t believe I’ve heard Mr. Finley speak long enough to place it.”

“Well, from your speech and manners, you’re certainly not from the city. Tell us, Mr. Finley, where are you from?”

“I’m originally from Mexico,” Logan said. “My mother was a Mexican native and my father was an Irish immigrant.” He felt Gracie’s gaze on him and turned to her. There was a curiosity in her eyes he hadn’t expected, but it made him want to share all of himself, if only to have her continue looking at him with such interest. But he wasn’t an idiot. The minute he mentioned his upbringing in Maryland, it would only open him to questions he had no intentions of sharing with anyone.

“What an unusual mix,” Mrs. Dobson murmured. “But that explains your unique inflections.”

Logan didn’t think so. His “accent” came from years of trying hard to rid himself of his native language. As a young man, new to a foreign country, he’d been more interested in being accepted that he had all but renounced his Mexican heritage. Now, as an adult, he realized his mistake in that because it left him with only a vague memory of his mother’s culture and a weak grasp of the Spanish language.

“And where are you lovely ladies headed to?” he asked, turning the focus away from himself.

“Montana,” Mrs. Dobson replied.

Logan raised a brow. “That’s rough territory. What are fine Christian women like you heading out there for?”

The older woman smiled knowingly and patted her bosom. “Don’t you worry, Mr. Finley. It’s not my first time escorting a couple of blushing brides to their awaiting betrotheds.”

Logan tensed, stealing a quick glance at Gracie, who continued to sit rigid and silent beside him. So she was to be married. He didn’t know why that knowledge bothered him, but it did. Very much.

“Montana is a long way from New York.”

“Yes, well, finding good Christian women is a rarity in those parts, Mr. Finley. Especially for the Negro man. But our congregation strongly believes in fostering the Christian faith by encouraging the development of family.”

“An important endeavor,” Logan murmured, hearing the sting of his own insincerity. Not that he didn’t believe in marriage or family, but he certainly didn’t think the church should dictate or concern themselves with who someone chose to spend the rest of their lives with.

Mrs. Dobson tilted her head to the side and studied him. “Whenever you get settled, consider writing to us and we can arrange a suitable union for you as well.”

Logan nodded dutifully but having some innocent lamb who had no idea what she was getting herself into in the wild and rugged territories was not something he wanted in a prospective wife. And that was what both of these young women reminded him of, with their fancy dresses and delicate demeanor.

Whoever their husbands were, they certainly had enough money to see that they traveled in style. But from what he remembered growing up in northern Mexico, which had become US territories, pretty dresses and proper schooling wasn’t going to do much for them in the lawless lands of the west.

“Well,” he said stiffly, “I wish you three safe travels to Montana.”

Mrs. Dobson smiled and patted her chest again. “As long as we have faith here, all will go well.”





Chapter Four





It wasn’t until they reached Chicago that they learned of the outbreak.

It had traveled with them from New York and, from what the doctors had concluded, it was the same cholera epidemic that now plagued half the passengers on their train.

Including poor Mrs. Dobson.

Gracie held the ailing woman’s hand as the doctor wiped his hand down his apron.

“She’s too ill to continue traveling,” the weary doctor announced. He stared down at Mrs. Dobson, studying her with tired eyes as she lay pale and gaunt from dehydration on the narrow hospital bed. “She hasn’t fallen as bad as many of the others, but at her age and present condition, a trip to Montana is much too rigorous. She will need rest and plenty of fresh water before she will have enough strength to continue her journey.”

The old doctor moved on to the next patient, and Gracie returned her attention to Mrs. Dobson. The small hospital was crowded with sick people who had been struck down by the illness, many of them passengers from their train. It had taken them three days to arrive in Chicago, but the symptoms had been slow in coming. It wasn’t until yesterday, after their stopover in Ohio, that they realized how serious the problem was. The symptoms were awful and the pain and discomfort appeared to be unbearable.

Mrs. Dobson mumbled something in her fitful sleep, and Gracie continued to rub her hand, which now resembled dried prunes.

“Madeline, where are you?” Gracie mumbled. She couldn’t imagine what was taking the other girl so long to fetch fresh water, but Madeline had been gone a while now.

Gracie thanked God that she and Madeline hadn’t been struck down by the illness and was glad they had made it to Chicago when they did. Not only was their train to Montana leaving from here, but also the best facilities were in this city, and she breathed a little easier knowing Mrs. Dobson would be properly cared for.

Gracie also thanked God for Mr. Finley, who had carried Mrs. Dobson to the nearest hospital while the other passengers had to wait for additional assistance to arrive.

“How is she?”

Gracie turned to the familiar male voice coming from behind her. “Doing much better than yesterday, thanks for asking.” The vomiting had stopped and the sallow color of the older woman’s skin had lessened, which Gracie constituted as a major improvement. “The doctor says she needs water and rest, but she should be fine.”

Logan nodded and came to stand closer to the bed. He began tugging on his gloves, and she discreetly averted her eyes. She had noticed the missing digits earlier and wondered what had caused the injury.

His eyes were filled with sincere concern as he looked down at the older woman, and Gracie wasn’t surprised by it. Mrs. Dobson always did have a way of making people care for her, even in her most ornery moments and Mr. Logan Finley was no exception. He had stayed close with them during their trip, proving to be a better travel companion for Mrs. Dobson than she or Madeline.

“You care very much for her.”

Gracie smiled softly, hearing the mild curiosity in his tone. “I’ve known her since I was a little girl,” she said, still rubbing the old woman’s arm. “She taught me how to read and write, which is a gift I could never repay.”

Mrs. Dobson had also helped her secure employment at the church to bring additional income into her family when her father had returned from the war a crippled, broken man. And when the opportunity to become the wife of a wealthy miner had come along, Mrs. Dobson had come to her and her family first, allowing them to secure their financial future.

“She may sometimes come across as a mean old dragon, but she really is a good woman.”

The corner of Logan’s lips quirked up, and Gracie found the small act charming.

“I’ve always had a weakness for fiery old women,” he teased. Then he turned to her, his eyes probing. She returned her attention to Mrs. Dobson before her mind started imagining things that weren’t there.

“And how are you feeling? You and Madeline have been quiet during the trip.”

“I’m fine, thank you.” Physically she was, but emotionally… It was as if the farther away they pulled from New York, the harder it was to keep her misery and anxiety at bay, forcing her to draw deeper within herself. Though she did not like to see Mrs. Dobson suffering so, this had been a much-needed distraction.

“Mr. Finley, I—we never got to formally thank you for helping Mrs. Dobson get here.” He inclined his head, and Gracie added, “I’m sure if she was awake, she would express her utmost gratitude.”

“Am awake.”

She and Logan started at the low croak that came from the bed. Mrs. Dobson’s sunken eyes were opened in thin slits, but were as watchful as ever.

“How are you feeling, ma’am?” Gracie asked.

“Thirsty.”

Gracie sprang from her seat. “I’ll go find you some water.” At this rate, she didn’t expect Madeline to come back with the water. She knew the girl was experiencing the same fears and anxieties she was and wondered if Madeline had forgotten her task.

Or maybe she had fallen ill.

The thought sprang into her head, and Gracie silently scolded herself for not thinking of that possibility sooner. After she made Mrs. Dobson comfortable, she would go searching for the other girl.

With a bowl of fresh water and sponge, Gracie hurried back to Mrs. Dobson’s side. Logan moved aside as she came forward to sponge water into the old woman’s mouth.

“Better?”

Mrs. Dobson nodded and turned her head away. “Where is Madeline?” she asked, her voice stronger.

“I sent her to fetch water a while ago,” Gracie said. “But I fear she may have fallen ill. I’ll ask around the hospital to see if anyone has seen her.”

“She may have headed back to the train station,” Logan said. “I overheard her asking one of the porters about your baggage.”

“Then I’ll check there as well.”

“Take Faith with you,” Mrs. Dobson said.

“Ma’am?” Gracie began. “Are you sure that’s necessary?”

“We’re in Chicago, dear. You can never be too careful.”

With a sigh of resignation, Gracie went through the old woman’s folded clothes and pulled out the small derringer. Though she knew how to handle it—another lesson Mrs. Dobson had seen to it that she acquired—Gracie preferred not to.

Gracie grabbed her handbag and slipped the small gun into it before stealing a glance over at Logan. There was an amused gleam in his molten brown eyes, and she couldn’t help but return his smile.

“You New York women are full of surprises,” he muttered.

“And we’re tough too,” Gracie teased.

His smile widened, and for a moment she was lost in the beauty of that small act. He was really quite handsome, something she had noticed since the day in the courtyard, but he was even more so when he smiled.

“Um, thank you again for all your help,” she quickly added, breaking the spell between her and the man who had been a comforting presence, though still very much a mystery. “If I don’t see you when I return, I’d like to wish you safe travels.”

He shook his head. “You can’t get rid of me that easy, Miss Gracie. I’ll stay with Mrs. Dobson until you get back.”

Gracie inclined her head before she left, quietly relieved that this would not be the last time she would see him.



Logan followed Gracie until she disappeared through the doors, still thinking of the derringer in her handbag. He had certainly underestimated her—and the old woman.

“I’m a woman of faith, Mr. Finley, but I’m no fool. A woman should always be prepared to protect herself.”

Logan shook his head and took the seat beside her bed. “If I didn’t know better, Mrs. Dobson, I would swear you were reading my mind.”

She made a sound in her throat that resembled a strangled groan. “Well, I’m glad you do know better. Such witchcraft should not be joked about.”

“And how are you really feeling?”

“Like our Lord is calling for me sooner than I’d expected.”

Logan could only imagine the hell she was endearing. He had never been stricken with cholera, but he’d seen the effects of it enough to know it was a crippling pain. “Is there anything I can get you to ease your discomfort?”

She shook her head. “Dear Gracie was right. We are tough women.”

That, he no longer doubted. But there was only one in her group that he wished would relax enough around him to open up. He imagined his charm and politeness did little to impress Miss Gracie Shaw. She had kept her head buried in a book or newspaper while Madeline had been silent and withdrawn, leaving him to fill Mrs. Dobson’s need for conversation.

“I would, however, ask something else of you.”

“What is it?”

“Tell me who you really are.”

Logan stiffened in his seat. “I told you—”

“Yes, yes, but from that Southern charm, I know there’s more to your story than growing up in Mexico.”

“For someone barely in recovery, you’re quite astute.”

“It’s my body that’s ailing. Not my mind.”

Logan didn’t understand why the sudden interest, but with a small sigh, he told her a highly condensed version of his true upbringing.

“Why did your father wait until you were sixteen to fetch you?”

“You’re a smart woman, Mrs. Dobson. You can understand the delicate nature of a man siring a child outside of his marriage. When my father’s wife passed, he immediately made arrangements to bring me to Maryland.”

Since his father had never had any living children with his wife, the move had been a way to get Logan proper education so that he would take over his father’s lands. Logan didn’t hold any resentment toward his father for taking him from his mother. She had been well cared for before her passing several years ago, and Logan got the opportunity to gain a complete education. He had also gotten to know a man who may not have been a doting father but had been a good and honorable man.

“I imagined you fought in the war?”

“I did.”

He didn’t expand on it and she didn’t ask. She didn’t have to. The bloodiest war in the nation’s history had been well documented, and the lives lost during the four-year battle had been devastating on both sides. Win or lose, he was just glad it was over.

“At that age, I can’t imagine the adjustment had been easy for you,” Mrs. Dobson finally said, returning to their original discussion. “Being in a new country, learning a new language, and all.”

Logan shrugged. “It wasn’t. I’ve been called all kinds of names. Bastard, half-breed, you name it. But I’m a quick learner, and I learned to adapt. Eventually, things changed.”

“How so?”

“Evidently, Americans are more tolerant of a black Irishman than a Mexican immigrant.”

Despite his dark features, his Irish descent had made him more acceptable to a group who had no sympathy for those they viewed as different. But his father had been a gainful man. More importantly, he’d been generous with his money. His father’s sizable donations around the community had allowed their neighbors to forgive Logan’s Mexican background. In the end, Logan had quickly learned English, and it hadn’t been long before he was speaking their language fluently.

“People started to see me as my father’s son, and eventually as one of them.”

She regarded him thoughtfully. “If you never told me about your Mexican heritage, I would have never guessed it. You’ve completely conformed to this new culture, and it doesn’t seem to bother you much.”

“It doesn’t because I know who I am.” And though it had taken some time, Logan had eventually learned to accept it. He had lived two separate lives, and there were times the two sides of him were at war with each other. He’d spent about half of his life in Maryland and considered himself a full American. But the part of him that he had succeeded in hiding away at times fought to be recognized.

“And that’s why I like you, Mr. Finley. You’re very sure of yourself, and the girls will need someone like you.”

Logan cocked a brow, confused. “Ma’am?”

“To see them to Montana.”

“And why would I be going to Montana?”

“Because, unfortunately, I won’t be. Those girls need someone strong and smart and with a moral compass to see them to their husbands, not some sick old woman who can barely stand upright.”

“You do understand my passage to Colorado is already bought and paid for? My train leaves early tomorrow morning.”

“The girls’ train also leaves early tomorrow morning. Their fiancés have arranged passage on a Pullman sleeper car for them, which will make travel for the three of you quite comfortable. And without the many stopovers, the trip should be rather quick.”

Logan shook his head in exasperation. She really was a stubborn one. “I can see to it that they arrive to their car on time tomorrow, and without incident, but beyond that I can’t go any further with them.”

To his amazement, Mrs. Dobson managed to further narrow her eyes at him. “Are you in such a hurry to get to your destination, Mr. Finley, that you can’t escort my girls to their fiancés?”

He wasn’t, but Logan also didn’t like the idea of spending more time with a woman he wanted just so he could bring her to another man.

A man who would have all the rights to do to her what Logan couldn’t stop thinking about.

“Mrs. Dobson—”

“Before you reject the offer,” she interrupted, “I can assure you that I will send telegrams to Mr. Robert Whitaker and his business partner, Mr. Walter Mercer. They will know of my condition and I will inform them that, with your assistance, they should expect the girls as scheduled. These men have made a fortune for themselves out there. I can’t see why they wouldn’t compensate you for your troubles.”

Logan thought about that. Not that he would expect compensation from these men, but the possibility was certainly a motivator and would especially come in handy when it came time to purchase equipment for his homestead land. Then again, the trip could prove to be a waste of his time if he walked away with nothing. “And what if these men aren’t feeling so generous?”

“Then you would have the satisfaction of knowing you did something good for two lovely ladies.” After a brief pause, Mrs. Dobson added, “Maryland was a slave state, Mr. Finley. Did you own slaves?”

He wondered at her sudden change of topic. “Yes.”

“How many?”

“Six.”

At the time of his arrival to his father’s tobacco farm fourteen years ago, there had only been three. Several had run off during his father’s absence. Another had been whipped to death by the overseer. The incident had enraged his father and resulted in the man’s dismissal. Over time, they had restored those that had been lost to them.

“Did you set your slaves free before the war?”

Logan slowly shook his head, trying not to let the disapproval in her tone elevate his guilt. At first, having slaves had been a jarring experience for him. Referring to people as possessions and having complete control over their well-being had been completely foreign to him. But over time, Logan had grown accustomed to it and the life he’d once known in Mexico had become a distant memory.

He had once believed that he had a good relationship with his slaves. That illusion had quickly faded, however, when they had fled from the plantation at the start of the conflict. And he couldn’t fault them. Benevolent or not, he had still been their master with complete control over their lives. What man wouldn’t run from that?

“Well, they are free now,” Mrs. Dobson said. “And you certainly paid the price for that. Now I ask that you find it in your heart to escort two beautiful Negro girls to their future homes. Like you and every other man, they are only fulfilling their duties as daughters to marry and raise families of their own. We both know how cruel this world can be, and I could never forgive myself if something were to happen to them before they could arrive to their betrotheds.”

Logan stared at the old woman, a bit amused by her cunning. Apparently Mrs. Dobson was not above manipulation. Unbeknownst to her, however, saddling him with guilt in order to see this done was not required. He knew in his heart he could never let two young women—Negro or otherwise—make the trip through the rough, rugged terrain alone.

“You, Mrs. Virginia Dobson, are one shrewd old woman.”

Her dry lips parted in a weak smile, and she even managed a small chuckle. “Not bad for a dragon, eh?”





Chapter Five





Finding Madeline was proving to be quite a chore.

The girl hadn’t been at the hospital, and it wasn’t until Gracie had given up her search around the train station that she spotted her. The train platform was the last place Gracie expected to find Madeline, yet there she stood, satchel in hand as if she were waiting for the next train.

“Madeline? What are you doing here? I’ve been looking all over for you. Where’s the rest of our luggage?”

The other woman’s dark eyes were wide with panic. “I…uh…was told it would be transferred to our sleeping car.”

Gracie frowned and stared pointedly at the bag clutched in her hands. “Then what are you doing here?”

Madeline fumbled with her words until she finally blurted, “Gracie, please don’t tell.”

Her frown deepened. “What…? What’s going on?”

Tears welled in Madeline’s eyes. “I can’t go through with this. I won’t.”

Gracie gaped at the other woman when it dawned on her what she was doing. “Madeline, you can’t just…run off. Where do you plan to go? What about Mr. Mercer? And Mrs. Dobson?”

“I’ll figure something out, but I can’t marry that man. Not when my heart still belongs to my Jimmy.”

Gracie could only imagine what the girl was feeling having lost the man that she loved, but what Madeline was considering was ludicrous. “Madeline, I can only imagine your pain, but you’re going to have to let it go. Jimmy is gone, but I’m sure he would want you to find someone else to love again. To be happy with.”

“That is why I have to go. I know I won’t be happy marrying some stranger and I can’t give myself to a man I don’t love.”

Gracie stared searchingly at the desperate woman then blew out a frustrated breath. What was she to tell Mrs. Dobson? Worse yet, what were they to tell the girl’s fiancé when they arrived in Montana? Though Gracie sympathized with her, she didn’t like the awkward position Madeline was now placing her in.

“Why did you agree to the contract? Why did you let it get this far?”

Madeline shrugged. “Because I was confused. Mrs. Dobson made it seem as if this was the best option for me, but I realize it’s not. There are women out there organizing now, demanding women’s rights, and I mean to join them.”

Gracie had read about those organizations, and from what she gathered, many of those women were more interested in white women’s rights and were vocally against supporting the rights of blacks until their rights were recognized. As a Negro woman, Gracie couldn’t support a cause that would force her to choose when she and other black women would never truly be recognized or valued either way.

Yet she couldn’t fault Madeline for going after what she believed in. Maybe she would be the voice needed in these organizations to convince those women that independence for all was what should be fought for. Women and Negros alike.

“Please, Gracie. I don’t want to be trapped in a marriage I don’t want.”

Gracie didn’t want that either, but she had not been thinking of her wants when she’d agreed to this marriage, and she wouldn’t start now.

Madeline clutched her arm. “This is my chance to truly be free. Help me.”

Moved by the girl’s final plea, Gracie sighed in acquiescence. “All right, but promise you’ll write them as soon as you’re able. Mrs. Dobson is going to be worried sick when she finds you gone.”

Madeline visibly relaxed. “I promise. Just tell her I took a train back to New York, and once I’m settled, I’ll write to her and Mr. Mercer.”

Gracie stared at the other woman. She had a feeling returning to New York wasn’t the girl’s plan, but she didn’t ask. The less she knew, the less she would have to lie. Then, to Gracie’s surprise, Madeline gave her a quick hug.

“Thank you, Gracie. I pray you find your happiness out there.”

Gracie prayed for the same thing too, because in that moment, she envied the other woman.

She waited with Madeline and it wasn’t long before the last departing train arrived. A sinking feeling settled in Gracie’s gut as she watched Madeline board the train. The hollowness in her widened as the large wheels of the locomotive churned and rolled until it eventually pulled off.

Gracie sank down on the bench behind her and watched the train as it became nothing more than a thin point in the distance—until the sun set and there was no one except her and her despair on the empty platform.



It was at the train station that Logan found Gracie sitting alone, looking more desolate than any woman should under the hanging kerosene lamp.

Night had fallen and when she hadn’t returned, fear had begun to settle in him. There were a number of things that could have befallen a lone woman wandering the city and thoughts of those possibilities had jerked him away from Mrs. Dobson’s bedside. The train station had been his first stop and he was so relieved to find Gracie in one piece, he was tempted to throttle her.

Though she appeared to be unharmed, there was something about her unnatural stillness and forlorn expression that worried him.

“Gracie? Why are you sitting out here?”

She glanced at him then blinked. “Mr. Finley, what are you doing here?” Then her eyes widened with fright. “Is Mrs. Dobson all right?”

“Yes, she’s fine. She’s resting,” he said, taking the seat beside her and removing his hat. “I came looking for you when it grew dark. What are you doing sitting here alone? Do you know what time it is?”

She blinked again then glanced around the empty platform. “Sorry if I caused any worry. I was just…” She sighed. “I was just seeing Madeline off.”

“What do you mean?”

She shook her head. “Never mind. It’s nothing you need to concern yourself with.”

He frowned, not appreciating her easy dismissal of him or his genuine concern for her. “Bother me anyway.”

In quick, albeit hesitant words, she told him about Madeline and her decision to return to New York. There was a solemnness that still lingered in her eyes, however, and he wondered if there was more she wasn’t telling him.

“Is that what has you upset?”

He didn’t miss the fear or apprehension on her face when she glanced away from him. What could bring on that kind of despair?

“Why do you believe I’m upset?”

It’s all in your eyes, angel.

But Logan didn’t tell her that. It was the one thing she hadn’t succeeded in masking and he didn’t want her to start.

“You’ve been sort of quiet since we left New York. Is there something the matter?”

Her eyes were once again haunted and he had to restrain himself from pulling her into his arms. He didn’t know where this need to shield her from pain had come, but it was fierce and strong.

“I may not look like much, but I’m a pretty good listener.”

That won him a small smile. “You look plenty fine, Mr. Finley, and I’m convinced you know that.” She suddenly stared down at her lap and said quietly, “I thank you for your concern, but it’s nothing really. I simply have a lot on my mind.”

If he had to guess, he would imagine she was thinking about the family she had left behind and the new life that awaited her in Montana. Nearly twenty years ago, he had been where she was now—traveling across the country, leaving his mother and home behind, to start a new life. He remembered how afraid and uncertain he had been during the journey. He also recalled how those same fears had resurfaced years later when he’d found himself fighting in a brutal war to save that very home.

Without thinking, Logan blurted out the verse that had served as a mantra to him on many cold, dreadful nights. “I prayed to the Lord and he freed me from all my fears.”

Her eyes widened and he smiled at the astonishment he read in them. He wasn’t a very religious man, but that short prayer had accompanied him in and out of many battles.

Suddenly the sadness faded from her eyes and was replaced by a small spark. “Why, Mr. Finley, are you quoting Psalms Thirty-four to me?”

He shrugged. “I’m not sure. All I know is that it’s from the Bible and has seen me through some tough times.”

She glanced away from him and stared off into the distance. “I think it’s seen my father through some difficult times as well.”

Logan recognized that look and he wanted to reach for her, comfort her. “Your father, is he…?”

“Gone?” She shook her head. “No, he’s still with us, thanks to the Lord. My daddy may not be a very religious man, but I think his faith is what kept him alive and kept him going.”

Gracie fell silent for a moment before she turned back to face him, a small smile gracing her full lips. “Thank you, Mr. Finley.”

He cocked a brow. “For what?”

“For reminding me of my faith and that I’m not alone. Cast thy burden upon the Lord, and he shall sustain thee.” At his blank stare, she laughed softly. “Psalms Fifty-five, Mr. Finley.”

“Right,” he muttered.

“At any rate, I realize the burden I carry is not my own. As long as I have faith, all will be well.” She laughed again when he glanced down at the handbag on her lap, where Mrs. Dobson’s derringer undoubtedly nestled inside. “I mean real faith. As in the biblical sense.”

He returned her smile, pleased to see that she had worked out whatever it was that had brought on that forlorn look on her face.

Suddenly, she shot up from her seat and squared her shoulders as if she were readying herself for combat. “I should head back to the hospital now.”

Logan followed her up as he donned his hat. He didn’t miss the way she took a small step back, putting distance between them as she had done numerous times before. He didn’t take offense because he knew the subtle move was due to her physical awareness of him and not fear.

He wanted to think that he wasn’t the only one who sensed this unrelenting attraction between them.

“I’ll walk with you.” At the start of her refusal, he added forcefully, “Please, I insist.”

The corner of her lips lifted as she clutched the handbag close to her. “I’m no damsel in distress, Mr. Finley. You don’t have to escort me as if I’m some helpless maiden.”

My, is she stubborn.

But Logan took it all in stride, winking as he tipped his hat. “I’m not walking you because you’re a maiden, Gracie. I’m doing so because I’m a man.”



At the hospital, Gracie braced herself against Mrs. Dobson’s outrage.

“What do you mean she left?”

“Ma’am, please calm yourself,” Gracie said, worried by the sudden flush on the older woman’s face. Breaking the news of Madeline’s sudden departure had been as hard as she expected, but had she anticipated the level of the ailing woman’s ire, Gracie would have waited until morning. “Madeline is simply returning to New York. She says she will write you as soon as she arrives.”

Mrs. Dobson continued to sputter in outrage before she screeched, “The nerve of that foolish girl!”

Gracie sat and listened as Mrs. Dobson went on about the impropriety and selfishness of Madeline’s actions. Logan stood on the opposite side of the hospital bed, and Gracie threw him an apologetic look. She was sure he had better things to do with his evening than listen to the other woman harp on, yet like a gentleman, he stayed without interruption.

“And you, young lady,” Mrs. Dobson said, directing her wrath toward her. “Why didn’t you try to stop her? Why didn’t you come get me or Mr. Finley?”

Gracie suppressed a sigh of frustration, silently cursing Madeline for leaving her to deal with this mess—all while secretly wishing she had boarded the train with her.

“I’m sure Miss Gracie did everything she could,” Logan suddenly interjected.

Gracie glanced at him and he gave her a quick wink. Only moments ago, he had dropped the formality between them and though she hadn’t invited him to do so, she had secretly taken some pleasure in his easy familiarity.

“If Miss Madeline was determined to leave,” he continued, “nothing and no one could have stopped her. Not me and certainly not you, ma’am.”

Mrs. Dobson’s frown was unrelenting, though they all knew his claims were valid. “Well, this is highly unusual and a complete inconvenience.” She glanced at Gracie and then back at Logan. “She will need you now more than ever.”

Gracie frowned. Who? Madeline?

Logan nodded. “I’ve already agreed to the role, Mrs. Dobson. I won’t go back on my word.”

Her fierce scowl relaxed some. “Excellent. Now, before you two depart in the morning, I will need you to arrange for my telegram to be sent.”

“Telegram?” Gracie hadn’t meant to blurt the question, but their obscure discussion had her at a complete loss.

“Yes, dear. I will need to send word to Mr. Whitaker about the changes in our travel plans, and Madeline has put me in the awkward position of explaining her shameful act. But Mr. Finley has graciously agreed to escort you to Montana in my stead, so you have no need to worry.”

Stunned, Gracie turned to find Logan watching her closely. She wasn’t sure if she was more staggered by the realization that she would be heading to Montana with a man who was virtually still a stranger to her or from the delight she felt at having him close.

She wondered why he hadn’t mentioned this arrangement earlier when they had been at the train station. It didn’t matter now. The plans had apparently been set and if he expected her to protest, he would be disappointed.

“All right,” Gracie murmured, detecting the small flicker of surprise in his eyes. As much as she had enjoyed boasting to him of her independence on their way back to the hospital, she was grateful for the company. Stranger or not, he was a familiar face, and she needed that if she was going to endure the long trip without her educator and mentor.

Besides, he was truly a decent sort, if his attempt at uplifting her spirits earlier with Bible verses was any indication. Gracie smiled at the memory, still touched and charmed by his gesture.

“Great. It’s settled, then,” Mrs. Dobson said.

“I believe it is.” Logan turned to her, his heated gaze lingering on her in that familiar way of his, which she was beginning to believe may not be entirely in her imagination. “I’ll be back for you in the morning, Miss Gracie. You ladies have a good evening.”





Chapter Six





It was barely dawn and already their morning was off to a bad start.

Though lost luggage shouldn’t have put her in such a sour mood, Gracie couldn’t help it. There was one luggage in particular that she wanted back. It held all of her past and memories in it, and she couldn’t bear the thought that those things were lost to her forever.

“Are you sure you couldn’t find it? The conductor confirmed all the bags were accounted for.”

Of course he would, Gracie thought. How the man could make such a bold claim was beyond her. Like Mrs. Dobson, many of the passengers who had fallen ill had not been well enough to continue their travel, which left the baggage and their train car barely half filled.

“I’m very sure,” she said. “Perhaps they were brought to the hospital? There are so many passengers still there. Maybe the porters had them mistakenly delivered there.”

“If that’s the case then there’s no way we’ll be able to get them in time,” Logan said. “The train’s departing soon.”

Her heart sank. “Is there any way we can ask them to wait? At least long enough for us to check?”

The moment the words were out of her mouth, the shrill whistle of the train sounded, signaling the train’s impending departure.

Gracie moved around him and headed toward the car door. Logan grabbed her arm and pulled her to a stop.

“Where are you going?”

She barely glanced back at him. “I have to find the conductor.”

“I highly doubt the conductor will delay the train for a few pieces of missing luggage.”

“Well, I have to try,” she said, tugging away from his grip. He held her fast.

“Why is it so important to you?” he snapped, his dark brows pulling together. “I’m sure your rich fiancé can afford to replace whatever it is you’re missing.”

She stiffened then jerked out of his grasp. “Family mementos, letters from my friends and students. Those things are irreplaceable, Mr. Finley.”

And now they were gone. Tears of frustration welled in Gracie’s eyes and she quickly blinked them away.

“Christ,” he muttered, running a hand through his hair.

“Please don’t take the Lord’s name in vain.”

He arched a brow, though his lips curved slightly in amusement. “It’s fascinating how you can be on the verge of tears one moment then ready with a quick reprimand the next.”

Gracie cheek warmed, but she cleared her throat to hide her embarrassment. “I find nothing amusing about blasphemy, Mr. Finley.”

He sighed and his grin fell away. “Your luggage is probably buried somewhere in the baggage car, which we can check again later. At the next stop. Okay?”

The doors to the train car were shut as the final train whistle blew. She nodded stiffly, resigning herself to the fact that she couldn’t do anything about it now.

“Wait here,” he said, then left her in the small sitting compartment.

Settling herself in her seat, Gracie stared out the window. The sunny landscape came into full view as the slow shift of the train wheels rolled and pulled away from the station.

With the sleeper car sparse of passengers, they were able to claim a section of the train for themselves. It was a nice change from the crowded train they had traveled in from New York. Gracie now understood why Mr. Whitaker had arranged their passage on the Pullman car. The friendly black porters had been pleasant and courteous, and with their fine woodwork and plush upholstery, the compartments were spacious and comfortable.

The fact that any Negro man, even a mulatto, could afford such comforts still baffled her. A part of her almost wondered if her future husband was actually being considerate of her comforts or if he was more interested in flaunting his wealth.

Don’t be ungrateful, she chided herself.

No matter why Whitaker was doing it, she should be thankful that she and her family would no longer go without.

Gracie watched as the distant hills and broad fields rolled by, thankful that the anxiety that had churned in her stomach recently had not returned. In a few days, she would arrive at her destination and would finally meet the man she was to spend the rest of her life with.

She shut her eyes and, like she had done for many nights since, she gave a silent prayer that Mr. Robert Whitaker would prove to be a caring and considerate husband. She also gave a prayer for Madeline and Mrs. Dobson—and Mr. Logan Finley. Gracie had never expected to find herself traveling with a stranger to an unfamiliar part of the country, but she had to say she was glad for his company. In this very moment, he was the closest thing she had to a friend.

When she opened her eyes again, she stifled a small gasp. Logan stood over her, an unreadable expression on his handsome face. For a well-built man, he moved with such stealth she hadn’t even heard him.

How long was he watching me?

But it seemed as if he was always watching her with the same burning look in his amber brown eyes.

“Did you speak with the conductor?” She hadn’t meant to blurt out that question, but she was desperate to break the tense silence between them.

“Yes. The final stop will be in Nebraska,” he said, taking the seat across from her. “We will be able to check the baggage car again then.”

Gracie nodded, though they both knew, with the vacancies on board, the likelihood of her missing bag being hidden were slim. But she appreciated his effort. “Thank you, Mr. Finley.”

“Logan.”

“Pardon?”

He motioned around the closed compartment. “I think with all things considered, we can drop the formality.”

Perhaps.

But formality was the only thing keeping her from giving in to the tug of attraction that drew her to him. It would be wise of her to maintain that distance. Yet, something about him made her want to fall into his arms, while at the same time get as far from him as she could. Not because she didn’t trust him, but because when it came to Logan Finley, she didn’t trust herself.

As the train jostled and pushed westward, they fell into a comfortable silence. Like she’d done the past few days, Gracie pulled out the newspaper she’d purchased in Chicago and began reading. Logan placed his hat on the seat beside him and, with arms folded, leaned back and shut his eyes. She tried to ignore his knees as they brushed against hers, focusing her attention instead on losing herself in the articles.

She loved reading ever since Mrs. Dobson had taught her. She read everything and often. When she had come into a certain age, she had tried to share her love of the written word by teaching her family. Only her father had made the time and had exercised the patience to learn the skill. Her mother, on the other hand, had found no use for it. Not when working and maintaining a roof over their heads had been the ultimate priority, as she put it.

But for Gracie, reading was not only an escape from reality, it was also a way into a world her people were not allowed in. Barely two years had passed since the laws forbidding slaves to read had been removed, and she was all the more adamant that she continue to read widely.

Unfortunately, however, she couldn’t lose herself in the pleasures of reading as she had done so many times. It no doubt had everything to do with the man sitting across from her and his hard-to-ignore presence.

With Madeline and Mrs. Dobson’s company, Gracie had managed to get through at least one paragraph without her mind wandering to Logan’s commanding presence. But the warmth of his leg rubbing against hers and the way his hard body seemed to exude strength, made the task practically impossible.

Gracie snapped the newspaper pages shut and laid them on her lap. Stealing a quick glance at Logan, she found him peering at her through lowered lids.

“Bad news?”

“No,” she said, her cheeks warming as lingering thoughts of him still drifted through her mind. “Just…bored.”

“We could play cards.”

Gracie’s eyes widened with shock and intrigue. “You mean poker?”

“That or faro.” He pulled out a worn deck of cards from his pocket. “Card games help pass the time, especially in the quieter parts of the country. For a city girl, I can only imagine life on the frontier isn’t going to get any more exciting than this.”

“Okay, show me.”

Gracie watched in awe as he completed a series of impressive shuffles before laying the cards on the empty seat beside her. He tried to explain the rules of the game, but she was having a difficult time picking up on the many steps and rules. She wanted to think that her lack of concentration was due to the complicated instructions—and not because the heat of his body leaning over her was so distracting.

“It takes a bit of practice,” Logan said, pulling the deck together after an hour long lesson. “But you’ll eventually get the hang of it.”

“Perhaps, but I don’t think I have the nerve for such a game. Certainly not the focus.”

The corner of his lips lifted. “If you can learn to shoot a gun and recite Bible verses, you have more than enough nerve and focus.”

“True,” she said with a laugh. “Though my study of the Bible could use some polishing.”

“And your aim?”

Gracie smiled at that. “Now that, Mr. Finley, is spot on.”

“Logan.”

Her face heated from the intensity in his tone, but she was drawn into the heat of his eyes. For a moment, time seem to suspend as his gaze held hers captive. Slowly, his eyes fell to her lips and something warm and daring fluttered inside her. She wanted him to kiss her.

At the startling thought, Gracie blinked and tore her gaze from his. She willed the outrageous thought away as she focused her attention on the moving landscape outside the train window.

He cleared his throat. “Maybe when you get to Montana, you can have your fiancé secure you a gun. You don’t want to be out of practice in that part of the country.”

The sudden reminder of her betrothed helped dissolve the indescribable attraction that seemed to be tethered between them. She should have been grateful for that, but it only left her strangely bereft.

“Do you believe the west is as wild as they claim?” she asked, shoving her feelings behind a mask of composed indifference before turning back to face him. It was difficult, but whether she wanted the reminder or not, she was soon to be married to another. She couldn’t forget that.

“I suppose it’s just as dangerous and violent as New York or Chicago. Only more feral.”

“You have a point. I guess it would be in my best interest to strengthen my marksmanship. One never knows when it will be necessary to shoot for one’s dinner.”

“There is that. Though, I imagine it’s the wild men you’ll need to be concerned with. Not the wild boar.”

“As you pointed earlier, the territories can’t be any more dangerous than our most dangerous cities, and if I can survive the relentless violence in New York, I’m certain I can survive Montana.”

Logan shrugged and pocketed his cards. “I don’t doubt it. But you’ll have nothing to worry about. As a miner’s wife, I’m sure you’ll be well cared for.”

Her spine straightened at his presumption. She wanted to tell him that she didn’t need any man to provide for her. But then again, those words would make her a liar. Wasn’t being cared for exactly why she was marrying Whitaker?

“Whether he can care for me or not,” Gracie said tightly, “doesn’t change the fact that I will always be able to take care of myself.”

“There’s nothing wrong with being looked after, Gracie. And a fine woman like you doesn’t seem cut out for life on the frontier.”

“Maybe,” she conceded, trying not to take offense of his assumption of her. “But I was born on a plantation, so I’m not afraid of long stretches of land or hard work.”

He frowned. “You were a slave?”

“I was born a slave, but we fled when I was four years old. I don’t remember much about it, but I do remember the open land and being out in the field with my mother at times, and how we would always smell of tobacco by the time we got to our cabin.”

“A tobacco farm?”

She shrugged. “I believe so. Most of the plantations in Maryland were tobacco farms so I imagine that’s what it was. I just know that the smell always brings me back to our small cabin.”

At the time, Gracie hadn’t understood how little power and control they had over their lives. And it wasn’t until after her father had been whipped, and they had fled that night, that she realized their small cabin had been more their prison than their home.

“The night we escaped was the longest night of my life. I don’t remember ever being so scared. Not even on the night we feared the draft riots would leave the city and come to us.”

His dark brows were pulled together as he regarded her curiously. “If you were born a slave, you would have been given your owners last name. I’m familiar with many of the families there and I don’t remember any Shaws in Maryland with a tobacco farm.”

“That’s because there weren’t. I was born on the Flynn plantation, but my father changed our surnames when we reached Pennsylvania. He took the name of the first supporter who had offered us shelter our first night.” Gracie remembered the night more vividly than she should have after fourteen years, remembered the beacon of light that had glowed in the distance and had been their salvation after a long, weary night.

Logan fell silent, his body suddenly rigid. He stared out the train window and for a moment, she wondered if he was uncomfortable with the discussion. She didn’t usually speak so candidly of her past with whites, much less a white stranger, but she was proud of what her parents had accomplished as two former illiterate slaves. They had come from nothing and yet had managed to rear two educated children.

Suddenly he balled his injured hand into a fist and clutched at it. Though he tried to hide it, his jaw was clenched and his cheeks were pinched with pain.

“Are you all right?”

He nodded, still rubbing his gloved hand. She had witnessed her father go through the same ordeal with his missing arm, clutching at the area as if he was in great pain. She wondered if Logan was experiencing the same phantom pains her father did. She had caught a glimpse of his mutilated digits at the hospital, but since then he had been careful to keep them covered.

“Is your hand paining you?” she eventually asked when the ordeal seemed to have passed and the set of his jaw was relaxed.

He nodded briskly and returned his attention out the window. “But don’t concern yourself. It’s nothing.”

She fell silent for a moment then said, “My father lost his right arm in the war. There were times he would grab at his missing arm and his face would be twisted in pain. It was always ‘nothing’ with him too, and eventually my mother and I stopped asking him.” Her mother would just begin to massage her father’s shoulder or place a hot compress over the amputated area. That had always seemed to help. “Do you wear the gloves to help with the pain?”

“No.”

When he didn’t elaborate, Gracie asked, “May I ask why do you keep your hands covered, then?” Since they left Chicago, he hadn’t removed the gloves. She could understand why he kept them on in public, but it was only the two of them in the small compartment.

Logan turned to her. “Because I don’t want to repulse you.”

Gracie’s eyes widened in surprise by that admission, then she shook her head. “Don’t be ridiculous,” she muttered, taking his hand.

“What are you doing?”

There was a tightness in his tone, but he didn’t pull away from her grip. She continued to peel the thick glove from his wounded hand. The scar tissue had caused the skin to become thick, with angry marks that had healed over into jagged white streaks. She gently massaged his hand, rubbing and kneading his palm until she felt the tendons relax.

“Better?”

He nodded but said nothing. Gracie continued her gentle kneading.

“What happened?” she eventually asked.

He hesitated for a moment. “It happened during the war.”

She glanced up at him in disbelief, though it shouldn’t have come as a surprise. From the short time she’d spent with him, she figured he was someone who fought for what he believed in. She should have known he had sustained such an injury as a soldier. But what battle had he fought that led to such mutilation?

“My father was also a Union soldier. He always said he fought alongside some very brave men.”

Tension once again invaded him. “I fought for the Confederacy.”

Her movements stilled. This time, she couldn’t mask her astonishment. He didn’t behave like a man who believed in such a brutal foundation such as slavery. How could someone who fought for such a degrading institution be so…kind? And how many Negro soldiers had he slaughtered with this hand?

The hand she was now providing comfort for.

Gracie thought of her father and his injury. A man very much like Logan had been the cause of that. Her father had endured unimaginable pain to end slavery, and this man sitting across her had fought to keep it?

A pang shot through her, but she was glad she managed to conceal her outrage. Gracie slowly released his hand, her movements stiff. Why should she ease the pain of a man who had fought to keep her people enslaved?

“A quick massage and hot towel always seemed to help my father,” she muttered, keeping her eyes averted. She concentrated on the unnecessary task of arranging her skirts, wanting to fill the awkward silence that had suddenly settled between them.

“Thank you,” he said, clenching and unclenching his hand.

She nodded and noticed he kept the glove off this time.

“You’re not going to ask me how it happened?”

Gracie stiffened, not sure she wanted to know. But she heard the slight teasing in his voice and forced herself to relax. He was clearly making light of her overly curious nature. He wasn’t here to hurt her.

The war was over.

Slavery has ended.

You don’t have to be afraid anymore.

“How?” she asked, her curiosity eventually winning out.

He stared down at his hand and his eyes took on a faraway look as if he was being pulled back into that time.

“Another soldier and I were tasked with transporting a group of Union soldiers to a nearby prison camp where we held all enemy captives. I was surprised when the other soldier chose to release them into the wilderness. I didn’t try to stop him. I figured whether they took their chances in the wild or came back with us, they were dead men anyway. They had no weapons and the conditions of the camps…not many survived.”

Gracie clamped her hands together tightly on her lap and unconsciously glanced down at his hands. She kept her voice light when she asked, “Did those prisoners attack you?”

He glanced up at her again. There was a hollowness in his brown eyes that frightened her and also made her ache for him, despite his choices.

“No, I got my hand shot at because I tried to keep the other soldier from committing murder in front of me. It wasn’t smart on my part to grab the firing end of a gun, but the son of a bitch took me by surprise.” He shook his head and absently rubbed his injured hand. “I had joined the war to fight for my home that had been pillaged and destroyed. As well as to honor my father who had been slaughtered in Sharpsburg, along with ten thousand others. But I had not signed up to gun down defenseless men as they fled from us.”

Gracie slowly released her breath, but didn’t speak. She couldn’t. She didn’t have to ask if these fleeing prisoners were black because she knew they were.

Reports of black soldiers being massacred upon captivity by the Confederate army had been written about in the papers and that was a harsh fact they both were aware of. She had read about the brutal attacks on Negro soldiers across the country, had heard about the massacre at Fort Pillow, yet hearing Logan recount such brutality was no less jarring.

Yet, black or white, no one deserved to die like that. How those men must have felt, knowing they were moments away from death? Gracie glanced down at his hand again. How Logan must have felt putting himself in harm’s way for men he was supposed to view as his enemies?

“Why are you telling me this?” she asked quietly.

Logan glanced out the window again and fell silent for a moment. “I fought in the war to honor my father and defend my home, Gracie,” he said after a long pause. “Regardless of what caused it.”

You mean slavery.

She continued to study his still form. As bad as she wanted to know, she couldn’t quite bring herself to ask if he himself had owned slaves.

“Do you regret saving those men’s lives?”

He scoffed. “Getting shot for some Blue Coats was never my intention, but I was a soldier, not a murderer. I had joined the war for two reasons. My father and my home.” His gaze was transfixed on the rolling hills outside the window. “But after that day, I wasn’t sure what the hell I was fighting for anymore.”

Gracie turned to look out the window as well, the slow rocking of the train oddly easing some of her tension. He always seemed so sure of himself, so confident that she would have never imagined he too struggled to find a purpose and place to belong.

His journey west suddenly became clearer to her. Logan wasn’t only looking for a new start, he was looking for his position in this great country. Just as she was.

“So…” she began, still looking out at the captivating landscape. The hills that rolled by were high and green, and the vast mountains painted a dusky silhouette in the backdrop. “What happened to the other soldier after he shot you?”

The silence that followed was answer enough.





Chapter Seven





Logan couldn’t have asked for smoother travel.

For three days, they rode in the sleeper car without incident, enjoying each other’s company. At least Logan had. He was pleased to see that she had not completely spurned him for his former allegiance to the Confederacy. Though the little he had exposed about his past was nothing compared to the history he realized they shared. He should have come clean about everything, but he didn’t want her to hate him—or worse, become afraid of him.

There weren’t many women like Gracie Shaw—polite and delicate on one hand and fiery and passionate on the other. Especially when it came to social issues and politics. He enjoyed playing devil’s advocate with her just to see her riled, to see the passionate woman come alive from inside her proper Christian exterior.

Besides their lively debates, they found other ways to pass the time and ease their restlessness in the close quarters. He taught her how to play poker and even a few card tricks, while she occasionally read or sang short hymns. He enjoyed her singing. When he confessed as much, telling her that she had the voice of an angel, he had gotten the pleasure of watching her turn sweetly bashful.

“Why are you blushing?” he had asked, intrigued by the sudden shift in her demeanor. One minute, melodic verses flowed from her lips with ease and confidence. The next, she was staring demurely down at her lap.

“I didn’t realize I was singing aloud,” she murmured. “I try not to draw too much attention to myself when I can help it.”

Logan stared down at her bent head, not understanding how she could not see the impact her singing had on others. How much of an impact it had on him.

“Gracie, your singing is lovely. Why would you not want to showcase such a voice?”

She shrugged, still not meeting his eyes. “Others may crave the adulation, but I sing because it soothes my spirit. Sometimes I feel it’s the only way I can find peace from my hectic thoughts.” She sighed and finally brought her gaze up to his. “I know it sounds strange, but—”

“It’s not strange,” he cut in. “You have a divine voice and I feel the same peace whenever I listen to you.”

And whenever I’m near you.

She shifted in her seat and he recognized her growing embarrassment. Surprising them both, Logan reached for her hands and clasped them in his.

“I’m sorry. I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I just find your singing beautiful, and I’m glad you’ve shared it with me.”

She smiled sweetly at him. “Thank you, Logan.”

In that moment, he knew she was seeing him for the man he was now, and not the past he was trying to break free of. He was not the Confederate she had undoubtedly been taught to fear. He was simply a man offering his appreciation of her exceptional talent and the warm reception in her eyes held him captivated.

A new calm began to spread through him and he couldn’t seem to free himself from her allure. Everything about Gracie Shaw was lovely.

Being with her these past three days had been like a breath of fresh air, and she was that steady lightness he had been searching for. He wouldn’t have minded another three days on the rocking train if it meant spending more time in her company.

Yet on the third day of their journey, they reached Nebraska, and Logan knew more time wasn’t necessary. He had already fallen hard for her.

He assisted her off the train and onto the platform where they were greeted by hot air and dry terrain. A quick glance around said the town they had stopped over in was still developing, which meant he would have to be especially vigilant.

After searching through the luggage car for the missing bags, he made his way back to her.

“I have good news and bad news,” Logan said as he came up to where she waited on the train platform.

“Okay,” she said, inhaling deeply. “Bad news first.”

He smiled in amusement as he watched her visibly steel herself. “The missing luggage is not on the baggage car. We searched and…nothing.”

Her shoulders fell, but she didn’t look as distraught about it as she had in Chicago. He imagined she hadn’t been hopeful about them finding it hidden behind another piece of luggage somewhere.

“And the good news?”

His smile widened and he paused before replying, building her anticipation. “They found it in Chicago and it’s on the way here. It should be arriving on the next train.”

She gaped at him for a moment then cried out and threw her arms around him. “Oh, thank you!”

The hug was unexpected, but he instinctively wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close. Her soft frame pressed solidly against his, and he breathed in her sweet scent. His reaction to her nearness, her touch, was nothing short of salacious, but he reveled in it. For three long days he had wanted to do this, had wanted to know how she would feel in his arms.

She felt perfect.

Without thinking, he pressed his lips along the smooth, warm curve of her neck. A slight tremor passed through her before she stiffened and pushed away from him. He released her.

She wrapped her arms around herself and fixed her gaze on his chin. “Please don’t do that.”

Embarrassed, he ran his gloved hand through his hair. He wanted her like he had never wanted anyone in his life. Completely and without regard to the rules of propriety. But having her was an impossible fulfillment and he needed to remember that.

“Sorry.”

“That can never happen again.”

“It won’t,” he said tightly. “You have my word.”

She glanced down at her hands, her shoulders slumping in what he could only imagine was relief, and he gritted his teeth in annoyance. Never had he thought he would want a woman so much that he didn’t care she was promised to another. If she would let him, he would do more than steal a quick kiss on her neck. But she wouldn’t betray her fiancé’s trust, and he could respect that.

He just didn’t like it.

In silence, they made their way into the relatively popular boomtown, which he assumed, for this part of Nebraska, was as much of a bustling city as it was going to be. If they were going to wait for her late-arriving luggage, they would need to find lodging for the night.

In the underdeveloped town, they passed as many tent homes as they did buildings and cottages. There were also a fair number of drunks and whores littering the streets. Not too far from them, a shouting match between two men escalated into a full-blown brawl. Logan pulled Gracie close to his side as other men gathered and cheered them on. His immediate sense to protect her was so instinctive, he didn’t realize how tight he was holding her until she patted his hand, and he eased his grip around her waist.

They finally came upon an establishment that looked to be the most reputable in the area. Only a few customers occupied the small saloon inside, and they all sat gawking at them as they walked pass. Logan knew why and kept his hand firmly on Gracie’s back as he guided her to the bar.

“Do you have an available room?”

The thinning-haired keeper glanced from them both before he settled his glare on Logan. “Yeah, I may have a room or two open. But if you plan to keep her in there with you, it’s going to be extra.”

“Fine,” Logan barked, feeling the tension in Gracie’s back.

“And you be sure to keep her out of sight, goddamn it,” the man added. “I don’t need any trouble around here.”

“She won’t be any trouble.”

“No, she won’t,” Gracie snapped. “Because she’s not staying here.”

Logan cursed as she pulled away from him and rushed out of the door. He followed after her, grabbed her elbow before she could get far, and turned her to face him. He hated to see the distress in her eyes, the tears that she was fighting hard not to shed.

“Gracie—”

“I’m not staying in there. I would rather sleep in a tent then to patronize that foul man’s business.”

“To hell with him. The man’s an idiot, that’s for sure, but he also has a warm, safe place for us to stay tonight. And trust me, you’ll be happier with a roof over your head. A tent would be no better than sleeping in mud.”

She shook her head. “I don’t care. That’s the beauty of freedom. I can choose what I want to do, where I want to go and when. And I’m not staying in there,” she snapped, gesturing to the saloon behind him.

“You’re being foolish,” Logan said sharply. “This town is not the kind of place you want to find yourself camping outside of. Sometimes it’s worth putting up with a bit of bullshit for some security.”

She wrinkled her nose. “No, it’s not. And it’s not foolish to demand some dignity. Nothing is worth being looked at with such disgust, or treated with such contempt. I’m tired of you white men going around as if you’re some kind of superior race, like those who are different or darker than you don’t matter.”

Logan gritted his teeth, trying to hold on to his rising anger. “In case you forgot, I’m also part Mexican. I’m no stranger to bigotry.”

“And how convenient for you to be able to choose who you want to be on any given day. I can only imagine what a great relief it is. But for me, it doesn’t work like that.” Her dark brown eyes took on a fiery glow he had never seen before. “In this world, I’ve been handed two disadvantages, and it doesn’t matter if I’m an educated free woman or a runaway slave. I will always be just a Negro woman. Easily disregarded and disrespected.”

Silence fell between them like a heavy stone and they stood glaring at each other. So much for keeping his temper in check, Logan thought. But when he let her words penetrate, he understood where her frustration stemmed. He could understand not wanting others to define or judge who he was because of what he looked like. He couldn’t fault her for feeling the same way.

Logan sighed. “Okay, come on. Let’s find someplace a little more welcoming.”

Except finding a lodge accepting Negros was harder than he’d anticipated. In the end, he had to bribe and pay a sizeable fee to “lease” out an abandoned train caboose for the night. The rustic red train car had the faded words “Pacific Railroad” painted on the side. It sat in a desolate patch far enough away from the town to keep trouble from wandering out to them.

Though the real challenge would be spending one more night with her close by while trying not to touch her.



Gracie made the best of their accommodations, which wasn’t the greatest, but it certainly beat putting up with the bigots in this unruly town. The first tavern keep had been the friendliest in his disdain of her. The other lodgings wouldn’t even allow her inside. It had been disheartening to be faced with such discrimination this far west of the country. It was as if no matter how far they ventured, she and every Negro would be treated as second-class citizens. Or worse.

Luckily, with Logan’s persistence, they found a suitable place to lay their heads for the night. There were no furnishings inside the abandoned caboose, but he had purchased a kerosene lamp and some blankets, which they spread across the worn floorboards.

She glanced over at him, the soft glow of the lamp highlighting his striking, dark features as he sat on the blanket, his back pressed against the peeling wall of the caboose. Guilt over her verbal attack toward him earlier gnawed at her. He had only been trying to help—at the very least, make her see reason. In return, she had let her frustration with the white tavern keeper get the better of her. It wasn’t as if she hadn’t encountered prejudice before. New York was riddled with whites who held this wild notion of supremacy and were staunchly against miscegenation.

But then there were others who saw people for who they were and didn’t put themselves above others, like Mrs. Dobson.

And Logan.

Despite the fact that he had fought for a system that was designed to strip people of their basic human rights, he was a man of honor. A flawed, honorable man. Not an evil one.

Gracie settled down beside him and began to spread their simple meal across the blanket. “I’m sorry about my outburst earlier,” she said quietly, keeping her focus on her task and not quite meeting his gaze.

He shrugged. “Don’t apologize for speaking your mind. At least not with me.”

“No, it wasn’t very polite of me to attack you like that. Not when you’ve been nothing but kind to me and helpful these past few days.”

A small smile threatened to tug at her lips as she thought of the many times he had taken pleasure in deliberately aggravating her. She knew he enjoyed purposely goading her into arguments, being contrary and often contradicting himself. It had taken her a while to pick up on his ploy, and she wasn’t sure why he insisted on provoking her. But then, she enjoyed their spirited discussions too much to call him out on it.

This time, he said nothing as they concentrated on their simple supper of cornbread and cured meat. She couldn’t believe how fast time had crept up on her. By tomorrow night, she would be in Montana, in her future husband’s home.

And tonight would be just a distant memory.

She scoffed at herself, recognizing that lie. She would never forget the time she spent with Logan, even if part of that time had been in a dingy, dark caboose in the middle of nowhere.

She certainly wouldn’t forget when he had pressed his lips against her neck on the train platform. Gracie trembled again from the memory, wondering what had been going through his mind when he’d done that. It had been completely unexpected, and yet her body had craved more.

“Why Colorado?” she blurted, wanting to fill the silence with anything but her scandalous thoughts and memories.

He shrugged. “Seemed like a good place as any to settle down and start a new life.”

“Do you miss your old one?”

He was silent again for a moment. “I miss my father and the home we built together. I was prepared to follow in his footsteps, to live the life he groomed me for, but that life wasn’t really mine.”

“And what life was that?”

He regarded her closely before he shook his head. “It doesn’t matter. It’s no longer a part of my future.” After a short pause, he asked, “What about you? Why did you decide to sell yourself into marriage?”

She frowned at his choice of words, but couldn’t deny them. “I wanted to help my family. With my father’s injury, work is hard to come by. And being a black man in a state flooded with immigrants makes it even harder, especially since there aren’t many jobs around to begin with. This was just another way I could help provide for my family.”

And not be a burden.

Though her family had never made her feel anything but loved, she knew that as a soon-to-be nineteen-year-old it was time she started a family of her own. Moving west hadn’t been ideal, but there weren’t many marriageable men back east. At least none that had been as generous as Mr. Robert Whitaker.

Yet Gracie tried not to think of Madeline or the envy that still clawed at her at the other woman’s daring to follow her heart’s desires.

“If you had a choice,” Logan said quietly, “would you go through with this marriage?”

Gracie glanced at him, startled. It was as if he’d read her thoughts, and yet she had never given the idea any serious consideration. She slowly shook her head, his gaze piercing into her.

“Why not? Your fiancé seem to be very well off. You would want for nothing.”

Except the freedom to choose who I want to love and give my body to.

Her face heated at the thought. “Money can certainly make things more comfortable, but I’m not naive enough to believe it will equate to happiness or love.”

“You’ll be surprised just how much happiness and love money can buy.”

She tilted her head to the side, wondering at his cynical words yet not detecting any bitterness or resentment in them. “I’m speaking of real love. The kind that is wholesome and unconditional.”

“Have you ever been in love, Gracie?”

The question took her by surprise and she glanced away from his penetrating stare. She knew what he was asking but tried to avoid answering him directly. “Of course. I love my family and—”

“I’m not speaking of that kind of love. I mean have you ever been in love with a man?”

She shook her head slowly. “Not in that way, no.”

“Then what makes you think love will equate to happiness?”

“Because I’ve seen it with my parents. They’ve been together through lots of pain, violence, and uncertainty, yet they still manage to make each other smile.”

“I suppose there’s always an exception. But don’t be fooled. Where there’s love, there’s also misery and disappointment.”

“That’s a harsh outlook on such a complex emotion.”

He shrugged. “It’s true.”

She wanted to ask him had he ever been in love and gotten his heartbroken, but she couldn’t bring herself to be that forward.

“You speak like a man who doesn’t believe in love.”

“Oh, but I do and I’ve had the misfortune to know just how miserable it can make a man.”

So he has been in love with someone…

Gracie studied him and wondered about the woman who had stolen his heart. Who had he lost that would make him believe love equated to nothing but despair?

“Someone once told me if all you’ve ever known is pain, then that is all you will ever allow yourself to feel. You shouldn’t let one painful experience harden your heart forever or keep you from finding love again.”

He regarded her closely and she shifted under his intense scrutiny. “Even if loving someone makes you want things you can’t have and believe in things you shouldn’t?”

“There’s nothing wrong with having a little faith or wanting more for yourself.”

“Then why would you enter into a marriage you don’t want?”

“It’s not that I don’t want to get married,” Gracie said carefully. “I just wish I had a chance to do more, to have more going for myself than being some man’s wife.”

His lips curved into a grin. “What’s the role of the woman if not to be a good wife and mother?”

She narrowed her eyes at him before she shook her head with a soft laugh. “Nice try, Logan Finley, but I will not spar with you this night!”

He chuckled causing the corner of his eyes to wrinkle with mirth. “Coward.”

“Misogynist.”

They grinned at each other like two idiots before she glanced away and stared into the soft glow of the kerosene lamp.

“I sometimes wonder what the Lord has in store for me,” she murmured. “If Montana is the place I’m supposed to be and if Mr. Whitaker is who I’m supposed to be with.”

He was silent for so long, she wondered if he had heard her quiet admission. She glanced over at him to find him staring blindly into the light too. There was a distant look in his dark eyes, as if he was lost in the memories of his past, and she wanted to reach out to him, to bring him back to the present. To her.

“Logan?”

He blinked then focused his gaze on her, his eyes bleak. “I often wonder the same thing,” he finally said. “Finding my place in this world, that is. It seems like no matter where I go, I’m always on this endless search for my purpose in this life. And I’m still trying to find it.”

Gracie moved closer to him and took his hand in hers. Surprise flashed across his face, but before she could remember herself and pull away, he tightened his grip and pulled her closer.

“Oh.”

She fell against him, bracing her palms against his broad shoulders. She lost herself in his molten gaze as they stared into each other’s eyes for what seemed like forever. She read the yearning in his and was sure they mirrored her own. His gaze shifted down to her lips, and her breath caught in anticipation.

“Logan…I-I’m going to be married.”

He released a low sound that was a mixture of a growl and groan. “Believe me, angel, I haven’t forgotten that.”

For a brief moment, she did. She stared down at his mouth and wondered what it would be like to feel those sensuous lips against hers. Whenever he touched her, her heart and body fluttered in a way it never had for another man, and she wanted to feel that again.

“I’m going to break my promise, Gracie.”

She frowned. “What—”

Before she could react, he pulled her to him and brought his lips down to hers. She gasped softly, but instead of pushing him away, her fingers curled around his shoulders. His mouth moved over hers with a familiarity that left her in a sweet state of suspension, and she released another whimper of pleasure. He broke the intoxicating kiss and moved his lips along her cheek and down her neck. She trembled again from the delicate, heady sensation.

“Have you ever been kissed, angel?” he asked quietly, still trailing his warm lips along her sensitive skin.

“Yes,” she breathed. But not like this. Not with such skill and deep longing.

“Then I guess I’m going to have to make sure you never forget this one,” he murmured, determination clear in his low tone.

With that, he captured her lips once more and again she lost herself in his kiss. He brushed the tip of his tongue against her lower lip, and instinctively she parted them, wanting to taste all of him. She savored the hot, invigorating feel as he slipped his tongue into her mouth with a smooth, gentle caress. Her arms tightened around him and she released a soft moan from the stimulating sensation but didn’t pull away from him. Instead, she leaned closer.

Suddenly, Logan shifted and before she knew it, she was on her back, rolled beneath him on the rough blanket as he hovered above her. He ran his palm slowly down the length of her body—over her breasts, down to her waist, and finally rested on her hip. She shivered in his arms, her nipples straining against her dress from the heat left behind by the deliberate action. Gracie knew that accepting his touch and slow kiss was wicked and wrong, but nothing had ever felt so right.

His dark eyes were filled with such hunger and affection, it left her breathless. “Gracie…”

She lightly touched his rough cheek, ignoring the warnings and reprimands sounding in her head. In that moment, she knew she wanted him more than she wanted her next breath. She didn’t think about the consequences or about tomorrow. And she didn’t worry about right or wrong. She simply concentrated on the now and her desperate need for him.

“Make love to me, Logan.”

Desire so intense flashed across his face, she felt the power of it surging through him. But he didn’t question her decision and he didn’t hesitate. With a low growl, he captured her lips once more and again, she lost herself in him.

He made short work of their clothes and soon they were naked. “So beautiful,” he murmured thickly as he stared down at her.

What lingering shyness she’d held vanished from the longing in his eyes and those two simple words. With a small smile, she pulled him down to her until her breasts pressed firmly against his hard chest.

His rigid shaft rested hot and heavy between her thighs and she shivered again from the foreign sensations, excited and nervous from her vulnerable position. But he continued his slow caress, lightly passing his tongue over her beaded nipples. She jerked from the intense pleasure, unrestrained need burning between her thighs and she ached to have him inside her.

“Logan, please…” she breathed, her fingers clutching his hair.

His ragged breathing was sharp against her ear as he licked the delicate skin between her neck and shoulder. A soft tremor coursed through her again and with a low moan, she lifted her hips against his straining member. She wanted to give him all of her and was prepared to take all of him.

Reaching between their bodies, Logan slowly guided himself into her. Gracie gasped as he pushed deep inside her damp channel, her body stretching to accommodate him. The pain was intense but fleeting as he began to gently, carefully, thrust into her.

She shivered with each slow drag of his hard shaft along her sensitive flesh, the intensity of her response forcing a whimper of pleasure from her lips. She lifted her hips to take more of him as she gave in to him and her desire willingly and wholeheartedly. He made love to her with such unspeakable tenderness that her body nearly burst from the pleasure of it.

She held him tight inside her as their bodies danced synchronously to a timeless ballad. There was no room for shame, no time for regret. There was only space in the dark caboose for their frantic, baser needs, until together they found sweet fulfillment.





Chapter Eight





Logan held Gracie close to his side as she slept.

Her warm breath brushed along his neck, and her soft curves pressed against him. The tight coils of her curly hair lay wild around her head and tickled his cheek. He smiled, remembering just how wild she was in her passion, and still feeling the sting on his back where she had dug in her nails.

Everything about last night had been unexpected. From her fervent desire for him to the easy way their bodies had come together. She had been sweetly passionate and as insatiable in her desire as he. Physically, they fit together flawlessly, and emotionally…he knew he was in trouble.

He continued running his palm along her bare back and hips, enjoying the feel of her smooth skin. From the dim gray light coming through the high, narrow window of the caboose, dawn was almost upon them. He hadn’t gotten much sleep, thinking about last night and how good, how right, she had felt in his arms.

He needed to figure out a way to convince her not to go through with her marriage to Whitaker. He didn’t have as much money as the man, but he was fit and able and could work to provide for her and whatever children they ended up having.

The image of her round with his baby filled him with such fierce possessiveness that he instinctively tightened his arms around her. Murmuring, she shifted slightly in her sleep, and he eased his hold but didn’t let go. Though their lovemaking had been incredible, he wanted more than just to sate himself in her body. He wanted her smiles, her laughter, and her heart for himself.

She stirred again in his arms, and he pressed his lips against her hair. He watched as her lips curved up dreamily, then she blinked. Then blinked again.

“Logan?”

Beneath his palm, tension traveled along her spine until her once soft, pliant body was rigid against him. Suddenly, she pushed away from him and sat up on the blanket, taking up as much as she could to cover her breasts. It was silly, really, since he vividly recalled her plump mounds and mocha brown peaks. He also remembered their carnal taste and smooth texture, and his shaft stirred at the memory.

But as much as he wanted her back in his arms, he also wanted to wipe the panic that was burning bright in her large, dark eyes.

“Dear God, what have I done?”

Her whispered appeal was barely audible, but he heard it. He considered himself a compassionate man, and could understand her confusion and maybe even her guilt over what they had done, but he couldn’t tolerate it if she felt ashamed.

“Gracie, it’s all right,” he said, slowly sitting up but not reaching for her just yet. Not that he didn’t want to, but Logan could sense she needed space to process what had happened between them. And more than anything, he wanted her to be the one to come to him.

From the way she vigorously shook her head, he would need to exercise patience before that would happen.

“No, it’s not all right,” she said. “I’m supposed to meet my future husband today! I’m supposed to be chaste until our wedding night.”

Logan tried to tamp down the jealousy that was rising in him. After last night, he didn’t want to think about another man seeing and touching her the way he had, the way she had allowed him to.

She brought her hand to her throat, clutching the blanket closer to her. “What do I tell him? I never meant for this to happen, but I can’t possibly marry him now.”

“No, you can’t,” Logan said, glad she had arrived at that conclusion on her own. “And what happened between us last night is no one else’s business. My intention was never to take advantage of you, and I certainly don’t intend to bring you to Whitaker as if nothing happened.”

Her eyes were solemn. “What are we going to do? I—we have to atone for this sin.”

The remorse in her eyes ate at him, and he reached for her then, carefully pulling her into his arms. She was still tense, but she braced her hand on his shoulders, not holding on to him, but not pushing him away either.

“You don’t need to feel ashamed about what happened last night, Gracie. There’s something magical between us, and no man can take that away.”

“But my family…I agreed to this marriage for them. When I break this contract, they will have to forfeit the payment Mr. Whitaker made for our arrangement. They can’t afford to do that.”

“They won’t have to,” he said. “I’ll talk to Whitaker. I have money, and I’m sure there is something— Stop shaking your head, angel. I’m not going to let you deal with this alone.”

“We should speak to him together. I need Mr. Whitaker to understand this is not something we planned. I can’t do that if I’m cowering behind you or letting you fight my battles.”

He gave her a gentle squeeze. “Think of it as being cautious. Marrying Whitaker is not something you or I want you to do, but he is expecting a wife when we arrive in Montana. We need to approach this situation sensibly when we get there.”

“Mr. Whitaker would never—”

“You don’t know that,” Logan cut in. “And I’m not going to just leave you alone to deal with the man’s anger. If it means parting with a few dollars to free you from your contract, then so be it.”

She stared at him searchingly. “You would do that for me?”

The corner of his lips lifted in a small smile. “Yes, angel, I would. I…care about you, and I want us to have a future filled with laughter and smiles. Not regret.”

She touched his cheek gently, her eyes filling with warmth and…misery? Memories of their conversation last night returned to him and he regretted his cynicism about love and happiness. He had been speaking about his own impractical feelings for her. But last night, he had gotten a preview of what it would be like to have all of her for himself, and he knew he couldn’t just walk away now. Not when the reality of creating and enjoying a life together was so tangible.

“Logan, I care about you too. But a future together? That would be impossible.”

“Nothing is impossible, Gracie. Just know I will do whatever I can to make this right.” He smiled crookedly. “A wise woman once told me there’s nothing wrong with having a little faith. Have faith in me. In us.”

She relaxed slightly against him and returned his smile. He realized in that moment that he more than cared for her, this beautiful, dark-skinned woman with wild, coiled hair. It wasn’t just her gentle yet fiery spirit, or the way she had moved against him in the late hours of the night, that had made his desire for her endless. It was the way she put others first, the way she viewed the world through a naive yet positive lens. She mainly saw the good in people, including him, despite what she knew—and didn’t know—about him. If he were honest with himself, he would admit that he was falling in love with his singing angel.

In a few hours, they would be boarding the steamboat and leaving for Montana, and in that short time he had to think of his approach to Whitaker, because there was no way he could let her marry the man.

She’s mine now.

Logan sealed his silent declaration with a kiss, and the light touch soon turned hot and explorative until he was once again inside her, thrusting deep to meet the rise of her eager hips. With every delicate caress along his heated flesh and every delicious moan that tore from her, it became clear that they were destined for each other.



“What’s this?”

“Breakfast.”

Gracie stared down at the small red apple Logan handed her and shook her head. “No thank you. I don’t like apples.”

Logan frowned. “You have to eat something, angel. It’s going to be a long trip, and this is all I have.”

She sighed and took the fruit, not prepared to go into an entire discussion about why she loathed the particular fruit. Telling him about the time her taste for them had led to her father being whipped didn’t seem like appropriate morning conversation as they waited to board the steamboat.

The memory of her father’s pain that day, for such a silly reason, had always haunted her. Had she truly understood at four years old what it meant to be a slave, she would have never taken the apple without permission. Then her father wouldn’t have been forced to lie about taking it for her, and he would have never had his back flayed. That day, she had lost the taste for the fruit. Today, like many days prior with her students, she was reminded why.

“Why don’t you go on ahead and find us a spot to settle. I’m going to make sure all of our bags made it on the boat with us this time.”

Gracie didn’t expect the brief kiss Logan landed on her lips, but neither did she shy away from it. After last night—and this morning—she knew without a doubt that she couldn’t possibly marry Mr. Whitaker now. She didn’t want to consider the inconvenience she would place on the man or the embarrassment to her family. Yet a small part of her was relieved that she would not have to go forward with the arranged marriage. The consequences wouldn’t be pleasant, but she was prepared to face them.

She found a quiet spot at the head of the steamboat to wait for Logan. Her strained nerves and excitement made butterflies dance in her stomach. She still couldn’t accept how much had changed in such a short time. How much she had changed.

Giving herself to a man who wasn’t her husband had not been something she’d ever considered doing. It was the very epitome of sin, and yet she didn’t feel the level of guilt or remorse she had expected from giving in to her base desires. Mainly her guilt stemmed from her inconveniencing a man who had spent a considerable amount of money to bring her here, not to mention what the end of her contract would mean for her family. She wouldn’t lie to Mr. Whitaker and enter into a sham marriage, but neither would she let her family suffer because of her mistake. She would just have to find a way to be resourceful in order to support them.

As Gracie stood at the far end of the steamboat, she realized the advantage of the isolated area. No one could see her standing there. Unless they came closer and peeked around the large cylinder, she had found herself an exceptional hiding spot. She almost thought of her newly discovered sanctuary as a plus, until she realized the one person she had no intentions of hiding from would be looking for her.

Gracie started to leave the secluded area, but the sound of approaching footsteps and men talking gave her pause. She hesitated, waiting for the voices to pass. The last thing she wanted was to reveal her vulnerable position in such an isolated spot.

But instead of walking past, the men stopped as another joined them.

“Good day, Massa Flynn. Funny running into you here.”

“I’m not your master anymore, James. It’s just Logan now.”

Gracie was so relieved to hear Logan’s voice that it took her a moment to process his words.

“Yes, sir,” the man named James rushed out. “You needing help with something, Mr. Logan? We seen you walking all around this boat.”

“I’m looking for someone,” Logan said. “A young Negro woman in a plaid day dress. Have you seen her?”

“No, sir, can’t say I have.”

“All right. Well, you let me know if you do.”

“Yes, sir.”

Gracie slowly released her breath as she heard Logan’s strong footsteps fade away. She waited in her hidden spot, still trying to process what she’d heard. Logan had been a slave owner?

Apparently, James and his friend also waited until Logan got out of earshot before he spoke again. “My, I ain’t never dream of seeing young Massa Flynn around these parts. Makes a man feel kinda funny.”

“How you mean?” his friend asked.

“I don’t know… Massa Flynn wasn’t an evil man, but it sho’ is nice to see how far the white man has fallen. Now I ain’t got to be nobody’s field nigger no more.”

The two men walked off, and Gracie remained frozen in the isolated part of the boat, trembling from her core. She couldn’t pinpoint the exact cause for her quivering, but outrage, disgust, and immense sadness tangled themselves into knots inside her.

Flynn.

All the pieces fell into place as she repeated that name in her head. Logan Finley—no, Logan Flynn. A Confederate soldier from Maryland. The coincidence was astounding, but it all made sense now. She recalled his uneasiness on the train when she made mention of the name and realized he had known all along about their connected past. Why hadn’t he said anything?

Because he’s a coward, an angry voice burst from inside her. He hadn’t even faced her with the truth about himself.

Because he’s ashamed, a more sympathetic voice whispered. He had gone as far to change his name and move west to reinvent himself.

Gracie blew out a shuddering breath. It didn’t matter why he’d done it. The fact was that he had lied to her, and she had stupidly fallen for his charm.

She glanced down at her hand and realized she still clutched the bright red apple. Memories of that long-ago time flooded her. The sharp snap of the whip, the shouts of pain from her father…

All because she had wanted something to eat.

With a small cry, Gracie released the small fruit as if it stung her palm. It fell to the ground with a heavy thud. A large lump formed in her throat until she thought she would suffocate from it. Her vision clouded with unshed tears as shame and regret at her naiveté rolled through her.

How could she not have seen this? He played the part of an honorable, compassionate man well, but men like him were the reason people like her father bore their battle scars on their bodies and their hearts.

How could she have given herself to a man like Logan, a man who had kept people who looked like her enslaved? And like a fool, she had sacrificed her family’s security for a moment of pleasure. That knowledge made the lump in her throat expand until it weighed down on her chest and broke her heart.





Chapter Nine





“She’s a beauty, for sure, Mr. Finley, but that’s quite an offer for a Negro woman.”

Logan hated having to negotiate for Gracie as if she were some broodmare, but he was willing to offer whatever he needed to get Robert Whitaker to release her from her contract.

And then after, he would ask her to marry him proper. If she would have him.

She had been distant since they had left Nebraska. He imagined she was either still upset about the tongue lashing he’d given her for the worry she caused him when he couldn’t find her on the boat. Or she was still feeling guilty about their night together in the caboose.

Either way, he didn’t like that she was withdrawing from him, and he certainly didn’t want her angry with him. He hadn’t gotten a chance to tell her that he had every intention of marrying her and making an honest woman of her, but first he needed to deal with Whitaker.

“I appreciate you fulfilling the role of escort for my betrothed when Mrs. Dobson unfortunately took ill,” Robert continued. “In fact, it should be I who should be paying you. So forgive me if I’m still baffled by this sudden turn of events and your request. Unless there was something Miss Shaw confided to you? Something I should know before our upcoming nuptials?”

Logan shook his head. He couldn’t ignore the bank draft that sat in front of him on the polished oak wood desk. Robert had been fully prepared to pay him for his services in bringing his betrothed to Montana, only to be surprised to receive Logan’s counter offer to buy out Gracie’s marriage contract.

“I just want her to have the chance to choose who she will marry.”

The man raised a brow and sat back in his seat. “Why do you care, Mr. Finley? Did something unseemly occur between you and my fiancée?”

“No.” As far as Logan was concerned, there was nothing inappropriate about their lovemaking. “But I do care for her and will ask her to marry me if she will have me.”

“Well, I appreciate your honesty,” Robert said, studying him closely. “It’s not every day a white man offers to marry a black woman so you must have deep feelings for her. What you’re offering couldn’t have come at a more opportune time. But I have to say, unfortunately, it’s still not enough.”

Logan frowned. “I did my research, Mr. Whitaker.” Though, it mainly consisted of calling up his memory of the conversation he had with Mrs. Dobson and asking what kind of expenses would be required to arrange such a union. “The amount I’m offering you is more than fair.”

“Perhaps. But if you factor in the travel expenses, the new wardrobe, and the generous donation I made to the church, your offer to reimburse me for my marriage contract to Miss Shaw falls short. Considerably short.”

Logan silently cursed. He was literally offering the man everything he had and still it wasn’t enough.

“But,” Robert added, “I’m a fair man, Mr. Finley, and you seem to be a man of integrity. I will accept your offer to annul Miss Shaw’s contract. On one condition.”

Logan tensed. “What?”

“You sign one of your own and come work for me. There was an unfortunate accident in one of the mines and we lost a few good men. And with this damn cholera outbreak making its way here, I’m losing workers faster than I can replace them. I could really use a man like you.”

“For what exactly?”

“Wherever there is a shortage,” Robert said. “You agree to work for me and I will take that as the remaining payment for Miss Shaw’s contract.”

Logan weighed his options. Staying in Montana had not been his initial plan and he wasn’t familiar with the homesteading laws in this territory. Was he really willing to put his life on hold and place himself in this man’s servitude? Did he really want Gracie that much?

“For how long?”

“Six months of servitude is all I need from you to satisfy the annulment.”

Six months seemed like a long time when he was eager to start making his own fortune with lands of his own. But starting that new life didn’t seem as refreshing and exciting as it once had. Not if he made it there alone…without Gracie.

Yet, Logan couldn’t guarantee that she would want anything to do with him once he revealed the truth of his past to her. Would she still want him when she found out his family had once owned hers?

Logan inwardly flinched at the thought, remembering the moment when he had made the connection. It had been the same moment she had touched him for the first time and eased the pain in his hand. He knew he should have said something to her sooner, should have revealed who he was, and try to convince her as to why it no longer mattered. He wasn’t the same man he had been before the war. Things were different—he was different. He should have explained all that to her then.

He should have also assured her that he was no stranger to hard work, that he could provide for her and had often worked alongside his slaves without ever needing to beat them into submission. Then again, maybe none of that would have made a difference to her. Hell, if he were in her place, he wouldn’t give a shit about a landowner having to work his own land either.

But if Logan didn’t take this opportunity to free her from this commitment to Whitaker, he would never get the chance to ask Gracie to be his.

“All right, but on another condition,” Logan said, not entirely oblivious to his own negotiating power over the man’s apparent desperation. “I get three days off a week and I get to set my schedule.”

Robert was silent for a moment. “That’s quite a proposition, Mr. Finley, but I accept.”



Gracie couldn’t believe she was free from her marriage contract to Robert Whitaker.

She’d been prepared to offer whatever excuse she needed to break their contract, with a promise to repay the money he’d already spent on her. But thanks to Logan, there was no need. He had gotten her out of this contract and she was now free.

Yet she wasn’t. Not really.

What was it Logan wanted in return for paying her contract?

They hadn’t spoken since their arrival in Montana. She had kept her distance, still not fully recovered from what she had learned about him. He, in turn, had given her space.

Gracie now sat on the narrow bed in her rented room above the town’s only tavern. It had been the only place she could afford after the sale of some of her expensive dresses to some of the working women at the neighboring brothel. That money, however, wouldn’t be enough for her to survive on.

Mr. Whitaker had been gracious enough to offer her lodging in his large home. In exchange, she had offered to work around his home, but he had politely declined.

“I wouldn’t feel right charging you for lodging, Miss Shaw,” he had said. “And unfortunately, I’m not in the position to pay you wages either. You are, of course, welcomed to stay here as long as you need until you can make other arrangements.”

The offer had been more than generous, but Gracie hadn’t felt right about accepting his generosity for free lodging. Another part of her also didn’t want to depend on the man she had once been contracted to marry. It was a relief to see that Mr. Whitaker wasn’t a cruel or vindictive man. He would have probably even made a fine husband.

Just not for her.

She wasn’t the proper Christian woman she had led herself to believe. She had willingly given herself to another man who was not her husband—a man who had kept others in bondage and had killed in support of the harsh system of slavery. She would have to live with that.

Gracie blinked away the tears she refused to shed for him. She couldn’t be sure if her heartache was due to his lies, or the fact that she still wanted him despite them.

Regardless of why, she didn’t have time to indulge in her sorrow or give him another thought. She needed to figure out what she was going to do next in this foreign town. One thing she was certain she needed and that was work.

A knock came at her door, but before she could call out to the person, the door was pushed open. With a loud gasp, Gracie jumped off the bed.

“Logan?”

“Gracie, why isn’t your door locked?” He walked into the small room and shut the door behind him. He stopped in front of her, his eyes probing. “What are you doing here? I’ve been searching all over for you. Why did you leave Whitaker’s place?”

Gracie shook her head, torn between raging at him for not being the man she had believed him to be, and cursing him for making it hard for her to hate him because of it. Had their night together in Nebraska meant anything to him, or had he taken her out of some warped sense of superiority?

“You lied to me.” She hadn’t meant to blurt out the words, but they came out and she couldn’t pull them back. It didn’t matter why. What mattered was that he had lied, and she had done the unthinkable…

She had fallen in love with him.

Her heart twisted at the realization, and she turned away from him, her stomach knotting. She wouldn’t deny how she felt any longer. But that didn’t mean she could forgive him or overlook the kind of man he really was.

“I’m sorry if you think I went behind your back, Gracie. I probably should have told you about my talk with Whitaker, but I didn’t want you to worry if he turned out to be difficult about it. Luckily, he was reasonable about everything, and we finalized our deal today.”

Gracie turned to face him again, trying to control the conflicting emotions coursing through her. “Logan, I don’t care about Mr. Whitaker or the contract. I want to know why you lied to me about who you were and the fact that you were a slave owner.”

His expression hardened. “Who told you that?”

“Does it matter? It’s true, isn’t it? You owned the Flynn plantation in Maryland.”

“Yes.” The quiet admission hung between them and her heart sank further. “But I never harmed or mistreated my slaves, Gracie.”

She scoffed. “That doesn’t change anything. There’s no such thing as a benevolent slaver, Logan. That kind of brutal institution wasn’t designed for compassion.”

He glanced away from her, his face drawn. It was clear he was ashamed of his past, but faced with the magnitude of his deception, Gracie couldn’t find it in her to forgive him. Suddenly, she blurted out the question that had plagued her since they’d left Nebraska.

“You knew about me before we…before we made it to Nebraska. Why did you take my—”

“I didn’t take anything,” he bit out. “Last I recall, you wanted me as much as I wanted you. Now that it’s done, I want to make it right.” He reached for her, but she moved back. The muscles in his jaw flexed, but he didn’t grab for her again. “Damn it, Gracie, don’t look at me like that. I didn’t take advantage of you.”

“No, you didn’t, but you tricked me into falling—” She swallowed. “Into believing you were an honest man.”

“I am.” He ran his hand through his hair in frustration. “Or I’m trying to be, if you let me.”

“How?”

“Marry me.”

Gracie stared at him, stunned by his casually spoken request. Did he think she could just forgive who he was, or what he’d done? That she could profess before God to willingly become his wife? She had already dishonored all that her family had sacrificed for her by giving herself to him. She wouldn’t do it again by legally binding herself to him.

“No.”

“Why not?”

Gracie winced at the frustration in his voice. “Because I don’t know you.”

“You didn’t know Whitaker and that didn’t stop you.”

“That was different. You claim to care about me, but how do I know that? How could I trust you or lie beside you and not think of those you had held in bondage? I could never forgive that of myself. I could never forgive you.”

His frown was fierce and he cursed. “What do you want from me? To apologize for having slaves? I didn’t write the laws, Gracie. Slavery is—was a way of life, and I was only sustaining my home and my father’s legacy.”

She bristled in that moment, taking exception to the irritation in his tone as she tried to quell her own rising anger. “If you’re trying to justify your way of life to me, Logan, you can save yourself the trouble. Keeping people against their will, telling them how much or how little they can eat, controlling every aspect of their lives is…is repulsive. My father’s back was literally torn apart sustaining your father’s legacy. If that’s the way of life you were fighting for, then I feel sorry for you because that is no way to live.”

A weighty silence fell between them. His jaw was like granite, but there was a pallor on his face that was unexpected, and concern almost made her go to him. But instead, she turned her back to him and held her pain at bay.

“I could never marry you, Logan. Now, please just go.”





Chapter Ten





Logan ached all over.

He didn’t know what pained him the most—his arms, back, or eyes. After two weeks of working in the mines, his muscles burned from the constant blasting and removal of rock and his eyes were irritated from the grit in the air. Though he had resigned himself to the fact that this would be his life for the next six months, he had hoped his body would soon become accustom to the grueling, dangerous work.

It hadn’t.

Logan grunted as he tossed a large rock into the wheel barrel and bent down for another. His movements were mechanical as he focused on his task. He shouldn’t be surprised by his fatigue. Since he’d arrived in Montana, he hadn’t taken a day off. He couldn’t afford to. Not with everything finally falling into place for him. But he knew if he continued like this, he would undoubtedly collapse under the strain and he couldn’t afford to get himself killed either.

Not when he had his future—and Gracie—to think about.

Though his schedule kept him from returning to the tavern, his thoughts were always on her. He hated how he had left things between them. He should have said more, should have told her how he felt about her, but he wasn’t foolish enough to believe any of that would have made a difference. She was hurt and angry and the best thing for him to do was to give her the space she needed. He could only hope that when the time came, he would be able to convince her of how much she meant to him.

The steam whistle sounded in the distance, indicating the end of the work shift. Logan straightened and wiped the sweat from his brow. He realized the call came earlier than usual and his brows drew together in confusion.

“Listen up, men,” the shift boss shouted from the top of the platform. “There’s been an accident inside one of the mines and we believe we’ve lost a man. We’re ending the shift early today so we can account for everyone.”

Logan dropped the last of the rocks into the pile and headed to the line to be counted. This made it the second accident and possibly the third death since he’d started working at the mine. Every day he was reminded how fragile and limited life was—and how unpredictable.

Before he had laid eyes on Gracie Shaw, he had only himself to think about and only himself to answer to. He had been in pursuit of a life that made sense to him, where finding work and a piece of land to build a home on had been his primary focus. Yet, since he had boarded that train in New York, his life had been nothing but a series of ironies and this one wasn’t lost on him. He was now in another man’s servitude, with little time for himself or his own aspirations, and his future hinged on the decision of one woman.

Yet, if he had to do it again, he would.

The thought of a life without Gracie made the future home he had envisioned for himself seem…empty. He had made the sacrifice to stay in Montana and work for Whitaker not because his family had once owned hers, but because he loved her beyond measure. He still did. She may hate him now, but he hoped that he could soon convince her to see beyond his past and give him a chance to be the kind of man she deserved.

After the count, Logan made his way to the tent lodge he shared with two brothers from Ohio and a young Irish immigrant. The space wasn’t the most comfortable, but it was a place to lay his head for now. To his surprise, he found the brothers lounging inside.

“There you are, Finley,” Mick, the youngest of the two, said from his sleeping mat. “Benny and I are going over to the Thorny Rose for some drink and much needed female company. Care to join us?”

Logan shook his head. “Not tonight, but thanks for the offer.”

Benny scoffed then dunked a small rag into their only wash basin. He wiped at his face and neck, a wide grin stretched across his lips. “I told you he wouldn’t come, Micky. He’s saving himself for someone.”

Mick straightened from his mat and snickered. “You’re not saving yourself for marriage, are you, Finley? No respectable woman wants a man fumbling around her skirts on her wedding night.”

“You don’t know any respectable women, Micky,” Benny interjected. “Besides, that’s not what’s important. What’s important, Finley, is not getting yourself backed up. If you know what I mean.”

“That’s right,” Mick agreed with a smirk. “Back home, we have a name for men like you. We call them handy men.”

Mick made a lewd gesture with his fist and the brothers laughed. Logan ignored their jeers and reached for his hat, too tired and irritated to trade insults with the other men.

“You boys enjoy your evening,” Logan called out over his shoulder before leaving the tent.

He made his way out of the campsite, thinking about all the reasons why he should turn back. For one, he was filthy and in desperate need of a wash and shave. He was also beyond weary and had no words to articulate his thoughts and feelings.

Yet, none of that mattered.

All he could think about was a pair of warm, dark eyes and a sweet smile. Too much time had already passed and he needed to see her.

As Logan’s determined strides carried him toward the tavern, he prayed that the right words would come to him, because in that moment, nothing else mattered than telling her what was in his heart.



Damn him.

It had been two weeks now and she had resigned herself to the fact that he had left Montana. Left without even saying goodbye.

Gracie shook her head at herself. She knew full well how unreasonably she was behaving, but she was angry nonetheless that he was now gone. For good. And could she blame him? She had all but told him, in so many words, to go to hell. Now that he was gone, she was wasting valuable energy pining for him.

With a small sigh, she carried the empty tankards back to the bar. The crowd was steadily growing in the tavern, and she needed to quickly clear the tables and make room for the newcomers. She had been lucky to get the job as a barmaid, and especially lucky that Mr. Mercer, her former fiancé’s business partner, was part owner. Evidently she had won his respect by making the trip personally to tell his friend she wouldn’t marry him. In turn Mr. Mercer had used his connections to get her work. The pay was shoddy, but she had a room upstairs and Mr. Mercer’s influence around the growing town kept the other men from harassing her.

Though she was grateful for the work, she hated working at a tavern. The stench of alcohol and tobacco made her stomach lurch and served as a constant reminder of a past she wanted badly to forget. The tips were also not coming fast enough for her liking, and she was desperate for the money. She had started singing at the tavern on her nights off and the tips from that had helped some. The sooner she could make more, the sooner she would have enough saved to pay for her passage back to New York.

As the crowd grew, Gracie’s movements became more mechanical. Two weeks serving drinks and food had given her a routine that allowed her to move without thinking until she fell into her bed at night from exhaustion. Sometimes she would reread her old letters from home just to keep from thinking of Logan, only to fall into a deep slumber and dream of him.

Suddenly, Gracie felt the unmistakable sensation of someone watching her. She lifted her eyes from the table she was wiping and made eye contact with familiar amber brown ones.

Logan.

His gaze held hers and her stomach fluttered as she stared back at his tired, scruffy face. He sat alone at the far end of the tavern, and she hadn’t realized how much she craved to see a familiar face until that moment.

Or how much she had craved to see him.

Her heart thudded in her chest, but she took her time making her way to him. When she finally did, she could see just how weary and filthy he was. Not only was his beard overgrown, his hair now curled around his collar, and there were dark smudges on his face.

“What can I get you, sir?” She winced inwardly at her awkwardly formal request.

“Can you sit for a spell?” He took her arm and tugged her down on the seat beside him. “Please.”

Gracie sat down, glancing nervously around the tavern before turning back to him.

“You look tired,” he said.

A small smile tugged at her lips. “So do you.”

He returned her smile, though it was just as weary. “I am.”

“What are you still doing here? I thought you left for Colorado.”

He shook his head. “I’ve been working. I would have come to see you sooner, but today is my first night off.”

“I haven’t seen you around,” she blurted, revealing to him just how much she had been searching for a glimpse of him. “Where are you working?”

“I work with Whitaker at his mines half of the week and the other half I wrangle cattle.”

She frowned. “Why are you working at the mines?” She knew the mines were hard, dangerous work, and she didn’t understand why a man with his experience and background would choose to take on such menial labor.

Logan hesitated before he answered, “I’m working to pay off my debt to him.”

“What debt?” No sooner were the words out of her mouth that it dawned on her. “I thought you paid Mr. Whitaker to cancel my contract.”

“It wasn’t enough.”

She shook her head, remembering her last words to him—every harsh, angry word of it. “Logan…about what I said…I didn’t mean to guilt you into doing this.”

“I put myself in the man’s servitude for you, Gracie. Not out of guilt or obligation, but because I wanted you to be my wife.” He took her hand and held it tight. “I still want you to be my wife.”

Her heart lurched at his words, but she glanced away from him. “Nothing’s changed, Logan. I’m only here until I can raise enough money to book my passage back to New York.”

He squeezed her hand gently. “I want to show you something. Will you come with me?”

Gracie debated it for a moment. It was already hard enough having this brief talk with him now. She didn’t think she could be in his company for much longer and not weaken in her resolve. But if tonight was the last time she would ever get to see him, she wanted to cherish every moment.

“I have another two hours before my shift ends.”

“Okay, I’ll wait here.”

And he did. The sun was barely hanging on before its nightly descent arrived. They walked in silence as Logan brought her to a wide stretch of untended land. She glanced around, but couldn’t see anything but dirt and overgrown fields.

“Logan? What is it you wanted to show me?”

“This. Yesterday I filled out an application to homestead this land.”

“You mean all of this land will be yours?”

He nodded. “Once my contract with Whitaker is over, I’ll be free to work the land and build a home and make it ours.”

She glanced around the empty, uncultivated plot. It was a wide stretch of land, but she could easily envision it as prosperous once tended and cared for. With a few animals and even a modest home, they could make this place flourish.

A place just for us…

Could she truly have that? A real future—a real home—with him?

“Logan, this…I…”

Gracie shook her head to clear her thoughts. She tried to reconcile what she knew to be true and what she felt in her heart. At his core, she believed he was a good man, but how could he expect her to simply dismiss their past?

“I’m sorry, Logan, but I’m going back home to New York.”

The lines around his mouth deepened as his gaze probed hers. “I can’t keep you from leaving, Gracie. But I love you and I don’t want you to go.”

She released a shuddering breath. Once again, she was torn between what her heart wanted and what her mind reasoned. “I…I don’t know what to do.”

There was warmth in his eyes when he stared down at her. “It was never my intention to lie to you, angel, but neither did I want my past to come between us. All we can do now is make peace with our past and move forward from it.”

She stared off into the distance, remembering a similar conversation she’d had with Madeline. Hadn’t she also told the young girl to let go of her past and find happiness in her future? Why couldn’t she heed the same advice?

“Gracie, we both know that there is a lot of ugliness and darkness in this world. And there are times…” He sighed. “There are times I can’t see my way out of it…and I feel lost in it. But all the ugliness we’ve lived through, will live through, won’t change what I feel for you.” He cupped her face. “I love you, Gracie, and will spend the rest of my days making you laugh and lighting some of that darkness. That, I promise you.”

She closed her eyes briefly, her heart swelling at his words. I sought the Lord, and he answered me… I pray you find happiness… Her father’s prayer and Madeline’s words echoed in her head and Gracie’s eyes flung open.

You shouldn’t let one painful experience harden your heart forever…

Her own words to him reminded her that she too wanted that brighter day. No matter what their future had in store, she wanted to be with Logan, to be by his side through the good times and the bad.

“Will you marry me, Gracie?”

She stared at him searchingly. “It’s not going to be easy,” she whispered. “People won’t accept us.”

“No, it won’t be, but that doesn’t change anything.” Tears welled in her eyes and he caught the single tear before it slid down her cheek. “Say you’ll marry me.”

If this were God’s will to bring Logan into her path, into her life, then she would not turn him away a second time. Love only came to few, and true love only came once.

She wouldn’t turn her back on love again.

“Yes, I’ll marry you.”

He flashed her a relieved grin then just as quick, he snaked his arm around her waist and pulled her into a tight embrace. They held each other for what seemed like forever.

“If we hurry,” he said close to her ear, “we can catch the reverend before he turns in for the night.”

“You want to get married tonight?”

Logan kissed the side of her neck, his beard tickling her skin, and she hugged him close.

“Yes, angel. I plan to make love to you tonight and I’d like for you to be my wife when I do.”

Gracie’s face heated, and something light and warm spread inside her. There was something to be said about a man with passion, and her Logan was filled with it. He awoke the same fiery emotions in her that he harbored inside and made her want to demand more out of life.

She didn’t know what was in store for their future, but she did know that she had just found love with the unlikeliest of men.

And with Logan she felt beautiful and cherished and simply…amazing.





Epilogue





June 19, 1870



* * *



To my dearest Daddy,



I hope this letter finds you well. I’m writing you from our lovely home in Montana. So much has happened since I last wrote you. Just last month, we welcomed a healthy baby girl, Evelynn Grace Finley. We have gotten accustomed to calling her Evie, and now Elias has a little sister to play with.



* * *



As you know, Logan has been very good to me and our children. He is a great husband, and father, and we are very much in love. I couldn’t be happier. As for the land, we continue to work diligently at it, and in another year, it will be legally ours. I can’t wait for that day.



* * *



With my teachings at the Negro Academy, I had to take a break due to my condition and the harsh winters, but that hasn’t stopped me from writing and tutoring some of the young children in the area. I’m also hoping to start a Negro Freedom Day celebration here to rejoice five years of our independence. So far, there has been a great deal of support from the community.



* * *



Many black men and women continue to venture west, and I have met so many different people from all walks of life, including friendly Natives, some Mexicans, and even a few Chinamen. Life on the frontier is beautifully rugged and, at times, dangerously so, but I am proud to call it home.



* * *



Not a day goes by where I don’t think of you and Mama, but I pray every day for your well-being and good health. I’m glad to hear that Junior is growing into a fine young man and I hope life continues to be good to you as it has been for me. I will continue to keep you all in my prayers and hope that you can find some way to come visit me and my growing family.



* * *



Logan sends his regards and, as always, I send you all my love. Please write soon.



* * *



Your loving daughter,

Gracie M. Finley





Dear reader:


I hope you enjoyed Gracie and Logan’s story—a romance inspired by real-life interracial couples, Albert and Lucy Parsons (m. 1871) and George and Lucinda Stevens (m. 1872). The Parsons’ and the Stevens’ marriages were just one of many that showed, despite racial strife and the discrimination of their time, love is truly color blind.



* * *



Amazing Grace was written to pay homage to that kind of audacity for love. Though it was a challenging romance for me to write, it was an important one for me to tell because we must never forget our past but learn to forgive the pains suffered for it. Nothing is more freeing.



* * *



All my best,

Lena ♥



* * *



Select References:



African American Women of the Old West by Tricia Martineau Wagner

Black Women of the Old West by William Loren Katz

Prohibition of Interracial Marriage in Utah by Patrick Q. Mason

“The Civil War” (documentary) by Ken Burns





Check out my latest contemporary sports romance!





Newly appointed head coach Mason Courage is in for the fight of his life. What should have been the biggest night of his career turns into the worst moment in his life when his wife files for divorce—and the media has a field day.



* * *



Tired of her husband’s neglect, Jules believes the best course of action for their strained marriage is to end things now before things get worst. But her former bad boy isn’t about to let anyone—or anything—break up his family.



* * *



For his career, his children, his wife, Mason is prepared to fight for them all… But can he manage to win back her heart?





Prologue





“Mommy, where’s Daddy?”

Jules took the large serving spoon out of her messy four-year-old daughter’s hand and replaced it with a smaller one.

“He’s sleeping, sweetie. Daddy got home really late last night.”

Madison pouted and frowned down at her cereal. “But he promised he was going to make me pancakes for breakfast.”

“Not today, baby. He needs his rest.”

Madison released a grunt of displeasure, but spooned a big helping of the cereal into her mouth. Jules finished her banana and tossed the peel in the trash. She ran down the many appointments she had today and knew she was forgetting something. She needed to check her calendar if she had any hopes of getting her schedule straight.

She searched around the countertop for her cell phone until she remembered it was still in the bedroom.

“Madison, don’t forget we have to visit your new school today, so finish your breakfast then get out of those pajamas.”

“Is Daddy coming too?”

“No talking with your mouth full. And no, baby. Not today.”

Jules headed to her bedroom and was surprised to find the bed empty, though the shower in the connecting bath was running. She should have known better. No matter how late her husband got in, he was never in bed after eight.

She sat on the edge of the bed and quickly went through her calendar. As she suspected, she had back-to-back appointments, including a late afternoon board meeting with one of her charities. She scrolled down her calendar and saw the reminder highlighted in red at the bottom.

Wedding anniversary next month!

Jules smiled. This year they would be celebrating nine years of marriage. She wondered what she should get him. He’d been so distracted this year with his team and so focused on getting to the playoffs, she couldn’t think of anything he wanted for.

Except winning the championship Cup, of course.

Jules sent a little prayer and a couple of wishes that her husband and his team got exactly that. As for their anniversary, she would just have to think of someplace special to take him. Someplace far away from his work.

An email notification sprang up on her screen and she quickly scanned it. It was from their son’s speech therapist. She was so engrossed in her reply email, she didn’t realize the shower had stopped for some time now.

“Good morning, babe.”

Jules glanced up to find Mason still damp from his shower, a thick white towel wrapped around his lean waist. His short, dark hair was tousled, adding to his rakish good looks. She admired the way his abs flexed as he strode over to where she sat on the bed. Even though he had traded his hockey stick for a clipboard three years ago, he still kept his body fit and firm. Leaning down, he planted a kiss on her lips.

“Good morning,” she murmured against his mouth, breathing in his fresh aftershave.

He started to straighten, but she latched on to his towel and held him to her. His deep blue eyes widened with surprise before he smiled crookedly at her.

“You want this off?”

“No, I want to know what you’re doing out of bed?”

“I have to get back to the stadium. We have a long day of training ahead.”

Jules frowned. “But you got home really late last night. You should be sleeping in.”

He arched a brow. “When have I ever slept in?”

“I know, but still… You need to stop and take a break.”

“I will, babe. Once we win this thing. Until then, we can’t sleep on our competition. And I certainly can’t let up now.” He framed her face with his palms and came down until his lips hovered over hers. “But I could spare an hour or two in bed if you join me.”

Before she could respond, he covered her mouth with his and kissed her deeply. Jules braced her palms against his hard abs, savoring the feel of his athletic body and the way his lips moved over hers. He began to draw her down on the bed, and the moment her back touched the soft, cool sheets, she pushed against him.

“Wait. The door isn’t locked.”

He glanced behind him. Their bedroom door was left slightly ajar. “The kids are still home?”

“Only Madison. Carrie brought Jeremy to school so I could take her to meet her summer prep teacher.”

Mason turned back to her and lifted a brow. “There’s prep school for pre-school?”

“At Saint Francis there is and that meeting is in an hour, so we’re going to have to pick this up later.”

He blew out a heavy breath, gave her one last kiss then pushed himself up. “Pretty soon we’re going to have start scheduling our love making.”

She followed him up. “We wouldn’t have to if you just made it home at night.”

“Don’t start, Jules.” His tone was curt as he made his way to their walk-in closet. The sound of a drawer opening then snapping shut was indicative of his surly mood.

Jules pursed her lips. She didn’t want to start an argument, but she wouldn’t let him make sly comments about their barely tepid love-life as if she or their kids were to blame.

“You know I’m right, Mason. When was the last time we made love that wasn’t…lazy.”

He poked his head of the closet, a scowl marring his handsome face. “Lazy?”

“You know what I mean. We used to have fun, be spontaneous. Now we’re like two ships passing each other with maybe a quickie tossed in right before you jet off to another game.”

He ducked back into the closet. “It’s only temporary,” he called out. “Once the season’s over, I’ll take you someplace special and we’ll make love until we both can’t move.”

She rolled her eyes at that. Then suddenly his words dawned on her. “When the season’s over? You don’t have anything planned for next month?”

“No, why?”

Jules narrowed her eyes then hopped off the bed. She went to the closet and leaned against the door frame, watching him as he jerked on his slacks.

“Mason, please tell me you didn’t forget.”

He stilled then glanced back at her. “I didn’t forget.”

She studied him then scoffed in disgust. “Liar.”

Turning on her heels, she started toward the bathroom.

“Come back here, babe.” He came after her and looped his arms around her waist. “I said I didn’t forget. It’s our anniversary next month, isn’t it?”

“Are you asking or telling me?”

He nuzzled the side of her neck. Jules couldn’t stop the shiver that raked through her. He must have felt it too, because he drew her closer to him.

“Don’t be mad at me,” he murmured in her ear. “Not for something that hasn’t even happened.”

“I don’t want to spend our anniversary alone, Mason. I don’t care what game you have that week.”

“You won’t, babe.”

Jules let herself relax against him. She couldn’t stop the soft sigh that escaped her when he pressed another kiss against her neck.

“You promise?”

“I promise.”





Chapter 1





Three months later…



“Mason, people usually smile during moments like this.”

Mason Courage turned his gaze to the Cajun Rage’s general manager and cocked a brow.

“Steven, that is him smiling,” Michael Babineaux said, sitting behind his large desk and chuckling at his own remark.

Mason returned his gaze to the team’s owner, trying to process what the two men were telling him—or rather, what they had offered.

Head coach of the Cajun Rage.

It still seemed surreal.

“I’m flattered by the offer, really. But what about Thibodeault? He still has a few seasons left in him.”

Doesn’t he?

Based on the shared look between the two men, Mason had his answer.

“That heart attack hit him hard, and was more serious than we all anticipated,” Steven Garey said. “We wanted to wait until we made your promotion official, but it looks like Thibodeault will be heading toward early retirement.”

Shit.

The realization that the team’s current head coach wouldn’t return to his position filled him with a sense of loss he hadn’t expected. For all of Guy Thibodeault’s surliness, he was a great hockey coach, and had been an even better mentor these past three years. Mason was certain the team would feel the loss.

“It’s been clear for some time now that Guy wasn’t up to leading a championship team,” Michael said. “It’s time we had the right guy for the job. And that guy’s you.”

“What are you talking about? Coach Thibodeault is the one who got us here. Without him, we wouldn’t have won the Cup this season.”

“Technically, without Zim’s save on the ice in game seven, we wouldn’t have won. Now, we’re New Orleans’ new local stars.”

Mason frowned at him. He had nothing against Michael. He just didn’t care too much for the old-money type that chose to be hands-off only when it suited them. They had all sacrificed to get this win. Hell, there was a big chance that Thibodeault’s heart attack was largely due to the stress they had put themselves under.

“Look, Mason, we’re not taking anything away from Thibodeault,” Steven said, pushing away from the desk he had been leaning against. “He’s been good for the team, but we’ve been watching you. We see how you manage the team. More importantly, we’ve noticed how they respond to you. It’s only right that you take on the head coach position permanently.”

Mason stared at the men, not sure yet what to say. This was exactly what he had been looking forward to since he had joined the Cajun Rage as an assistant coach three years ago. Many assistant coaches looked forward to this moment. He had just never expected the moment to come so soon.

“If you need more time to think about it—”

“I don’t,” Mason said abruptly. Soon or not, he had no intention of turning the job down. “If Thibodeault is retiring, then I’d be honored to take over for him.”

“Excellent,” Steven said. “This is turning out to be a big year for us, Mason. Don’t let us down.”

Mason rose to his feet. “When have I ever?”

He had come a long way from the hotheaded agitator he had once been as a player in the league. A wife and two young kids had a way of taming any bad boy—at least, they had for him.

“We know this is the off-season and you might have plans with your family this summer,” Steven said, “but leave some room on your schedule to help vet a replacement assistant coach.”

“Sure. Do you have anyone in mind?”

“We’re looking at a few candidates, but haven’t arranged anything yet. Besides, we want to first announce these changes to the team before we make Thibodeault’s retirement public.”

“Any idea when that will be?” Mason asked. Their players knew about his interim position as head coach, and many had no issue with it. But how would they take learning the position would now be permanent?

“As we speak, Harlan is drafting a statement on Thibodeault’s behalf,” Steven said. “We have a press conference scheduled at the end of this week to make an official announcement. We’ll use that to also announce your promotion.”

Lucky me.

He hated talking to the press.

“After the press conference, we expect planning for next season to begin sooner than later,” Michael added. “Winning the Cup was big for us, but it was just the beginning. We have a bigger season ahead of us.”

Mason inclined his head and left the office. If Michael Babineaux knew him at all, he wouldn’t have wasted his time with that comment. Mason was already thinking about the scouting reports and training videos he planned to review for next season.

He made it to his office, but before he could settle himself behind his desk, his personal assistant Doug Cullen rushed inside. He had the forethought to shut the door behind him, but it was the pallor on his narrow face that made the muscles on Mason’s shoulders bunch.

“What is it, Doug?”

“You haven’t seen it, have you?”

“Seen what? Don’t tell me there’s another video of Archer out there.”

Mason gritted his teeth and braced himself. For all their talent and heart, some of the players couldn’t seem to keep themselves out of the media.

“Um…it’s a little more serious than that,” Doug said, shifting on his feet. The lack of color on his face made his red hair that more pronounced.

“Spit it out, Doug,” Mason snapped. “I’m not a mind reader.”

“Well…uh…I should probably just show you.”

Doug pulled out his cell phone and fiddled with it before handing it to him. Mason took the phone, his brow pulling into a deeper frown. For a second, it took him a moment to recognize the photo of him and his wife on their wedding day. It was the only photo of their very private wedding that had been released to the media eight years ago, in order to satisfy the vultures and put an end to the harassment.

But it wasn’t the fact that the photo had resurfaced these many years later that bothered him. It was the alteration to it that brought his blood to a slow boil. The image included an altered rip in the center, effectively tearing the photo of them in two.

The headline read: BREAKING—America’s Beauty Queen calls it quits after ten years with Hockey’s Former Bad Boy.

Mason’s heart began to beat in a rapid tempo as he continued to read the brief article.

Former beauty queen Juliette Bennett has petitioned for a divorce from New Orleans’ Cajun Rage coach Mason Courage. The appeal comes after the Rajun’s shocking championship win against the New York Spartans.

Mason reread the article, wanting to believe this was just internet gossip—a prank, even—but the news source was credible. Not to mention the extreme care he and Jules took to stay out of the media. No reputable news source would bother reporting something that didn’t have some semblance of truth behind it.

And in the pit of his twisting gut, Mason knew it was true. He and Jules had been having problems for some weeks now, but he never believed it had gotten this bad.

“When was this posted?” Mason asked, his eyes still glued to the small screen.

“A few minutes ago,” Doug said. “My roommate texted it to me. It’s not trending yet, but…um…you might want to stay off social media.”

Mason glared at him. “Why?”

Doug shifted again, then swallowed hard. Just then, an alert sounded on the cell phone in his hand, and Mason glanced down at the text message that filled the screen.

You see this???

Attached to the message was a picture of his wife with a dark-haired man at a restaurant. She was dressed beautifully, and her straight dark hair was pulled over to one side of her bare shoulders. She was smiling at the man sitting across from her at the table, her full lips frozen in a sexy grin. It was obvious she didn’t know the picture was being taken. If she had, he wondered if she would have smiled at that man that way.

Mason tried not to let his thoughts jump to conclusions, but it was damn near impossible not to. “Who the hell is Tank?” Mason asked, turning the phone to Doug’s direction. “And where the hell did he get this picture?”

“That’s my roomie.” Doug’s pale green eyes darted toward the phone, and he grimaced. “And that pic is all over the internet.”

Another alert rang. Mason’s grip around the thin phone became unbearably tight as he read the next message.

Is this really her new boo?? What do you know about this?

None of the counting or breathing techniques he had adopted over the years could stop the boiling rage that began to surface. His gaze remained glued on the damn photo, and a sudden heat rose in the back of his neck. It travelled up to his temple until he thought he would explode. The knowledge that the end of his world was reduced to internet gossip drove him over the edge.

“Uh, Mason, can I have—”

Before he could stop himself, Mason threw the phone across the room. It slammed against the wall and split in two.

“—my phone back.”

Mason cursed and ran his fingers through his hair. The short burst of anger didn’t help lessen his outrage any.

Doug sighed and went to pick up what was left of the broken phone. “Never mind. I guess I didn’t need a phone.”

Mason ran his fingers through his hair again. “Sorry. Get yourself a new one. Charge it to my account.”

“Oh, you bet I will,” Doug muttered. He straightened and turned back to face him. “About what’s been posted…?”

Mason shut his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Doug, do me a favor.”

“Yeah?”

“Get the hell out.”

Doug quietly backed out of the office. Mason waited until the door shut before he sank into the seat behind his desk. He tried to rein in his unruly temper so he could think clearly. He needed to get himself under control if he was going to confront his wife and figure out what the hell was going on.

None of this made sense. They had their problems, sure. What marriage didn’t? But the woman he had married eight years ago wouldn’t just break up their family.

She wouldn’t.

Mason glanced over at the family photo that hung on his wall. It felt like another lifetime ago. They had taken it three years ago, right before the Cajun Rage had started its first season. He remembered this particular photo had been one of the few taken at the start of their shoot. They had been trying to get their then five-year-old son and eighteen-month-old daughter to sit still long enough for the photo. The photographer had decided to continue shooting while they had been trying to wrangle a smile from Jeremy and keep Madison from crawling out of the shot.

After a series of nice, professionally posed shots, it was this silly candid photo that Jules had selected to have framed for his new office.

Something to look at whenever you forget to smile, she had said.

Mason fixed his gaze on his wife in the photo, her honey brown skin accentuating the golden flecks in her striking almond-slanted eyes. The ripples of her dark stylishly curled hair hung pass her shoulders and framed her slender face. She was a beauty for sure, but she was so much more than that. She was loving, selfless, and as fierce as she was gentle. Especially when it came to the people she loved or the things she cared about.

That’s why none of this made sense to him. The woman he married wouldn’t breakup their family, no matter how tough things got.

He continued to stare at the photo. Instead of the warm feelings he had always gotten from looking at the photo, a slow panic and sense of dread began to fill him. He couldn’t lose his family.

He wouldn’t.

Pushing up to his feet, Mason grabbed his keys and rushed out of the door.





Chapter 2





“Linda, how did this happen? This is not what I wanted.”

Juliette Courage paced around her living room, trying her best not to completely lose her cool with her lawyer.

“This didn’t come from my office, Jules. I can assure you,” Linda Greisen said. “Some file clerk must have recognized your names. This sort of stuff is not very uncommon, and it’s no big deal, really.”

“Yes, it is! The media’s making up all kinds of lies about us. About me.”

Jules glanced back at the muted television screen. The mockery someone had made of their wedding photo stirred another wave of nausea through her. It was bad enough her private life was being plastered across the local news—having the most painful decision of her life being made fun of was beyond hurtful.

“I’m sorry about that, but you know how the media is. They’ll gobble up anything that’s hot right now, and right now, your husband is a local celebrity.”

“I don’t care. You assured me this would go quickly and quietly. You need to fix this!”

Linda sighed. “I’ll see what I can do, but honestly, there isn’t much. It’s all just bad timing and exactly the kind of gossip the media loves to latch on to. Just give it some time and it’ll be old news soon.”

But Jules didn’t have time.

The distinct sound of the front door slamming shut jolted her. She whirled around as Mason’s heavy footsteps snapped against the tile floors.

“Linda, I’ll call you later.”

“All right, but I—”

Jules hung up and waited as Mason made his way to the sitting room. She mentally braced herself for his anger, which she knew would be there, even if he tried to hide it. Mason didn’t like surprises, and this was certainly not how she had wanted him to find out.

Jules folded her hands in front of her, her heart thumping in her chest as she waited. Her anticipation wrestled with her anxiety. In that moment, she was acutely aware of every tremor running down her arms, every breath that escaped her constricted lungs. She felt as she was preparing herself for battle. In this case, she was.

Mason strode into the spacious room then stopped. His piercing gaze locked on her, and behind his marine-blue eyes were a steely calm she’d seen before. Even the silk strands of his dark brown hair were neatly in place, highlighting the coolness of his composed demeanor. He didn’t fool her for a second as he continued to regard her for what seemed like an eternity until she couldn’t stand the tension any longer.

“Mason, this is not how I wanted you to find out.”

The muscles in his jaw flexed. “How exactly did you want to tell me you were going to break up our family?”

Jules winced inwardly. “That’s not what I wanted either.”

Yet that’s exactly what she was doing…

“Then what do you want, Jules?”

He propped himself on the armrest of the sofa and folded his arms across his chest. His biceps bulged beneath his suit, creating a noticeable outline and she couldn’t help but remember the nights when those arms had curved around her waist and held her close. She missed those nights.

“You’ve got my full attention now. Isn’t that what your little stunt was about?”

Jules tightened her lips together at his condescending remark. Did he really think she would file for divorce just to get him to pay attention to her? She hated that he would even think that.

Even more than that, she hated that he could be right.

Folding her arms under her breasts, she regarded him just as coolly. “Mason, I didn’t do this to get your attention, though it’s nice to see that you remember you have a wife and family at home.”

His glare was laser sharp. He was furious.

“If you didn’t do this to break up our family, if you didn’t do it to grab my attention, then what the hell is this all about? What anniversary or birthday did I miss this time that has you so pissed at me? What the hell did I do that you’d go this far to hurt me? Tell me.”

She stared at him closely, realizing his stoic rigidity wasn’t because he was trying to keep his temper in check but because he was hurting.

A lump formed in her throat, and Jules glanced away. She didn’t want to hurt him. She just wanted them to be like they once were, before he had taken on the coaching position with the Cajun Rage and allowed hockey to dominate his life in a way it hadn’t before. They had drifted further apart this past year, and no amount of personal assistants or aides or arguments could change the fact that he had chosen what his priority would be.

“I’m not trying to hurt you, Mason,” she murmured. She glanced down at her hands, and her eyes fell to the engagement ring and wedding band that had been around her finger for nearly ten years. “I’m just tired of having this argument with you. It’s clear you can’t be a husband and father to us and be a coach to your players.”

“What are you talking about? When haven’t I been there for you and the kids?”

“It’s the day-to-day. We almost never see you anymore, and every year it gets worse. You said this coaching position wouldn’t change how things were, but we spend more time video-chatting with you than anything. Even on the weekends, you’re not around.”

He ran a hand across the back of his neck. “Okay, maybe these past few weeks have been a challenge, but that’s because we were in the middle of a championship series. And we won. Now I’ve been promoted to head coach. I know you’ve never cared for hockey, but I hoped you would be a little excited about that.”

She scoffed. She was quite the opposite. “Mason, we hardly saw you when you were just assisting. Now you’re going to be head coach, and you expect me to be happy about that? Why?”

“Because you’re my wife and this is a big moment for me. For our family. And in case you’ve forgotten, this job is how we’re able to live in this neighborhood, in this big house, and send our kids to the best schools.”

Jules balled her hands into fists at her sides, her temper mounting. “In case you’ve forgotten, Mason, I’m not a trophy wife. I didn’t marry you for your money, or to live in a big house in a fancy neighborhood. I would be content with half of this if that meant having you around more. I’m thrilled you’re getting what you want out of your career. Just don’t expect me to smile about it when I also see what it’s doing to our family. It’s too damn depressing.”

He regarded her closely. “Have I made you that unhappy?”

Jules sighed and shut her eyes for a moment. How was she supposed to hold on to her resolve when he looked at her like that?

“Mason, I’m happy that you’re happy with your career. I agreed to move away from my family and friends so that we could have this opportunity. But Jeremy and Madison are getting older, and the way things are between us… It’s not fair to them, and I’m getting tired of making excuses for you.”

“So you’d rather break up our family? You’re not even going to give me a chance to fix it?”

She sighed. “Our kids are growing up before my eyes, Mason. Yet every time I look around, you’re nowhere in sight. They miss you, and I…”

I just want my husband back.

“Getting a divorce isn’t going to make things better,” Mason said tightly. “You know that. Unless you’re not interested in making things better. Is there something you’re not telling me?”

Jules back drew up at the suggestion in his tone. It was also in his shrewd gaze—his assumption that this had more to do with someone else than the fact that he had let his work turn him into a neglectful husband and a distracted father.

“I hope you’re not accusing me of seeing someone,” she snapped.

“Are you?” His even tone couldn’t mask the flinty anger in his gaze.

“No.” She narrowed her eyes at him. “The fact that you would even think that shows just how little you know about what’s going on in this house.”

He pushed away from the sofa and advanced toward her. It was only when he got this close that she was reminded of how tall he was. Even at five-eight, she had to stare up at his lean yet athletic six-five frame.

“Then enlighten me. Who’s the guy you were caught having dinner with?”

“Dinner?” She racked her brain at who he could possibly by talking about. She hadn’t been out with anyone in—

Oh, no.

He couldn’t possibly know about that. Could he?

“Don’t lie to me, Jules, because pretty soon all of New Orleans will be talking about the mystery man who was out to dinner with my wife.”

Jules suppressed the guilt that threatened to surface. She had done nothing wrong that night, and she wouldn’t let him make her feel like she had. Luckily, she didn’t have to defend herself or go into any further explanation.

They were interrupted by small feet running down the hall, the light slaps of their daughter’s sandals getting louder as she barreled toward them.

“Daddy!”

Mason turned away from Jules and caught their daughter as she flung herself into his arms. He tossed her up, and Jules couldn’t help smiling at her daughter’s squeals of delight.

“How’s my little princess?” Mason asked as he settled her against his shoulder.

Madison blew out a dramatic breath. “Daddy, I’m not a princess anymore.”

“You’re not?”

“Nooo. I’m a queen. Like Mommy.”

Mason glanced at her, his brows raised, and Jules shrugged, not bothering to go into an explanation of their overly imaginative four-year-old’s current phase of believing she was destined to be a queen because her mommy had won a beauty contest several years ago.

Besides, Jules was certain her daughter’s attention would be fixated on something new next week.

“Then should I call you Queen Madison?” Mason asked. “Or Queenie for short?”

Madison giggled. “I like Queenie.”

“I like it too,” Carrie Joseph said as she made her way into the room, with Jeremy following behind her. Their part-time nanny was a dream to have. Not only did she work well with their son and his autism, Jeremy also took to her.

“How was school today, Jeremy?”

Jeremy didn’t respond to Mason. Instead, his gaze remained glued to his tablet as he made his way to the sofa and sat down.

“He hasn’t been feeling very talkative today,” Carrie said.

“What’s he watching?” Jules asked her.

“A rerun of that panda cartoon he loves.”

Jules nodded, familiar with her son’s favorite cartoon. They had been managing their son’s autism since he had been diagnosed at the age of two. There was something about the kung-fu-fighting panda that helped him self-regulate his emotions during car rides. But if she let him, he would fixate on his tablet and never acknowledge them.

“Jeremy, Daddy asked you a question. How was school today?”

“Leave it,” Mason muttered.

“His speech therapist says we need to encourage him to speak more at home, even when he’s not feeling up to it.”

“If he doesn’t want to speak right now, Jules, don’t force him.”

She pressed her lips together, a bit annoyed by his attitude toward their son’s communication development. While she wanted to encourage their son to express himself more, Mason was content to let him do as he pleased. Not wanting to argue with him in front of their kids, Jules let the matter drop.

“I’m starting school too, Daddy.”

“I’ve heard,” Mason said, giving their daughter the attention she clearly wanted. “You’re a big girl now.”

“When I get big like you, can I play hockey too?”

“Why not? Maybe you can even coach too. You can have everyone calling you Coach Queen.”

Madison giggled. “Queenie Coach!”

He chuckled. “Even better.”

As much as Jules hated to end their moment of bonding, she knew their daughter would talk Mason’s ear off if he let her. And there was still so much that had been left unsaid between them.

“Carrie, would you take the kids up to their rooms for a bit?”

“Sure,” Carrie said, glancing from Jules to Mason. She reached for Madison, but their daughter instantly wrapped her tiny arms around Mason’s neck.

“But Mommy, I wanna tell Daddy about my new school.”

“You can tell me all about it later, sweetie.”

She pouted. “But Daddy…”

Mason tickled her until she squealed with laughter and loosened her hold around him. Carrie scooped her up in her arms, continuing the tickling as she called to Jeremy.

“Jeremy, can I get a hug before you go?” Mason asked.

Their son came back to stand in front of Mason. He stood still as Mason wrapped an arm around his slender shoulders and pulled him into a hug.

“Thanks, buddy.”

Jeremy pulled out of the embrace and followed Carrie and Madison out of the room. When Jules was certain they were out of earshot, she turned back to Mason. The bitter anger that had been etched across his face was now wiped away. Their children had that effect on him. With them, he had never lost his patience or temper.

No matter what she felt about him or their marriage, Mason was an incredible father—when he was around.

“I don’t want to lose my kids, Jules.”

She sighed. “You’re not losing them, Mason.”

He walked over to her and took her hand in his. “I don’t want to lose you, either.”

Jules let her gaze drop to his chest. The torment in his eyes was too distracting. None of it was easy for her, and she didn’t want to have to make this decision. But she knew the sooner she ripped off the bandage, the sooner she could tend to her wounded heart and try to find a way for it to heal.

“Mason, this is hard for me too, but—”

“It doesn’t have to be. We can make this work. Just tell me what you want me to do, and I’ll do it.”

She continued to stare at his chest, lost. She didn’t have a checklist for him to follow. What she wanted—no, needed—from him went far deeper than that. But before she could find the words, his next remark caused her heart to flip then plummet.

“You still love me, Jules. Don’t you?”

She brought her eyes up to him then, taken aback by the question. Did she still love him? She couldn’t deny it, so she didn’t. She also knew he could see the answer in her eyes, and she didn’t bother hiding it.

“I still love you, Jules. I’ll do whatever it takes to make our marriage work.”

“Anything?”

She studied him closely, wondering just how willing he was to stand by his word. During one of their lowest moments, she had made a suggestion that would help repair their marriage, but he had swiftly shut it down.

This time, however, he squeezed her hand and nodded. “Anything.”





Chapter 3





Anything…

Mason shook his head at himself. “Anything” turned out to be the last thing he wanted. But if Jules believed marriage counseling would help them, then he would do it.

The only problem was getting there.

Mason glanced down at his watch for the third time. “Harlan, when is this going to start? I have somewhere to be in an hour.”

“Soon,” Harlan Axel murmured, his attention focused on his phone. “Give it about another ten, fifteen minutes. The press room is getting prepped as we speak.”

“And the reporters understand that they’re just covering my promotion, right? I don’t want my marriage brought up in this thing, or any other crap that’s being said about me or my wife.”

Harlan finally looked up from his phone, and the shrewd look in his dark eyes was somehow reassuring. “If they want to be invited back, they’ll stick to sports. They know the rules. You stick to your promotion and coaching. I’ll field the rest.”

Mason nodded, trusting Harlan to run a smooth press conference. It was one of the things their team’s publicist was exceptional at.

Suddenly his phone vibrated in his hands and Mason glanced down at the screen.

“Excuse me. I have to take this.” Mason quietly stepped out of the waiting room and found a private nook down the hall to tuck himself in. “Carrie, is everything all right?”

It was rare that their nanny called him at work. So rare that he immediately thought the worst and tensed with worry.

“Sorry to call you at work, but Jeremy had a bad day at school today.”

“What happened?”

“His teacher told me some of the older students were making fun of him about…what’s been on the news about you. I was hoping you could cheer him up before his new speech therapist gets here.”

“Sure. Put him on.” Mason leaned against the wall and waited for Carrie to pass the phone to his son. Trying not to let the anger of what Carrie just told him seep into his voice. It wasn’t enough that the vultures were invading his private life, they were now causing issues for his kids. That infuriated him.

“Dad?”

“Hey, buddy. What’s going on? Carrie tells me you had a bad day at school.”

“No.”

“Are you sure? You know you can tell me, right?”

Silence filled the line for a moment, but Mason waited patiently until his son was ready to speak.

“They called me orphan boy.”

“Who did?”

“Big kids. They laughed at me.”

“You’re not an orphan, Jeremy. Your mom and I are still here and we’re not going anywhere.”

“Divorce?”

Mason sighed and shoved his fist into his pocket. “No, son, we’re not getting a divorce. Don’t listen to what other people have to say about us, okay? We love you, we love your sister, and we love each other. Don’t you forget that.”

“Okay.”

But he didn’t sound convinced and Mason blew out another breath.

“Jeremy, nothing and no one can ever hurt you. You know why?”

“Why?”

“Because you’re a Courage and we’re strong. You know what else we are?”

“What?”

“Come on, buddy. You know this one.” When Jeremy didn’t take the bait, Mason urged him on. “Who are we, Jeremy?”

There was a short pause before Jeremy started the jingle they had learned together. “I may be small…”

Mason smiled and promptly replied, “I may be big.”

“You’re not a dragon. I’m not a pig.”

“But we’re quite fuzzy. What can we be?”

Jeremy’s voice grew louder as he gained enthusiasm for the song. “We have two colors. We’re black and white. We sleep on treetops, both day and night.”

“We are not monkeys. That, I can see. Am I a bird? Are you a bee?”

“No, silly.” Jeremy giggled.

His heart warmed at the sound. Jeremy always laughed at that part, but Mason continued on. “We eat bamboo, but we don’t share.”

“Because we’re pandas. Because we’re BEARS.”

They both growled the last word into the phone until Jeremy dissolved into laughter.

“Mason?”

He peeked his head out of the nook he’d been hiding in to find Harlan advancing toward him. Mason held up his hand and Harlan stopped then waved him over.

“We’re ready for you.”

Mason nodded and mouthed “one sec” to the publicist before slipping back into the nook.

“Feeling better, buddy?”

“Yes.”

There was a noticeable lightness in his son’s voice that wasn’t there earlier and Mason’s smile widened.

“That’s my boy. I’ll see you later tonight.”

Mason ended the call and made his way back to the waiting room. Once the press conference was underway, he and Harlan sat behind a row of microphones and fielded several questions about his promotion, Thibodeault’s retirement, and the future of the Cajun Rage. Mason spoke briefly about the team and his plans as head coach. He even managed to dodge a few queries about his players and their recent troubles in the press.

But no one was as persistent—or sneaky—as Harrison Stacey.

“Coach, did your recent promotion have anything to do with your wife filing for divorce?”

Mason clenched his jaw and leveled the bold journalist with a hard glare.

“Thanks, everyone,” Harlan smoothly broke in. “But that’s all the questions Coach Courage is going to answer for today. If we didn’t get to your question, you can thank Mr. Stacey for that.”

Mason shoved away from the table as the press began to shout questions at him. He ignored them as he headed toward the exit, Doug at his heels. Harlan hung back, allowing Mason a quick escape before he said something he would regret on camera.

“Coach, wait.”

Mason turned to find Harrison rushing toward them. He ignored him and continued down the hall.

“Come on, Courage,” Harrison said as he fell into step beside him, his blonde hair still neatly in place. “Give me something. I just need one statement. Haven’t I always been good to you and the Rajuns?”

Mason’s brow inched up, but he didn’t slow his stride. Did Harrison honestly consider his mundane stories and gossip-filled coverage of their team good reporting? The man spent more time prying into their team’s private lives with cynical commentary than actually reporting on their games. His last so-called article had managed to send one of their players to a dark, destructive place that had nearly gotten him banned from the league.

Mason had no tolerance for this particular reporter.

“No comment, Harrison. Now, if you don’t want to lose your press pass, I suggest you get lost.”

“Why don’t you want to put those rumors about you and your wife to bed? Your silence only makes it worse.”

Mason refused to dignify that bullshit with a response.

“He said no comment.”

Harrison disregarded Doug’s crisp response and forged on. “Who’s the guy in the picture? Is he the reason behind your divorce?”

“Hey, I have a headline for you,” Doug said. “‘Sports journalist gets a red-hot Rajun kick in the ass.’ Now, seriously. Get lost.”

Mason couldn’t help the smirk that tugged at the corner of his lips. His personal assistant certainly had a way with words. Maybe he should have Doug double as his enforcer.

“I wouldn’t be surprised,” Harrison continued, ignoring the jibe. “You’re married to a beauty queen. With a wife like yours, every guy in the county has been waiting out your marriage.”

Mason came to a complete stop and whipped around to Harrison, his shoulders bunched. “What did you just say?”

“Uh oh…” Doug muttered.

Harrison shrugged. “It’s no secret your wife’s a knockout. There must be guys lined up waiting to take—”

Before the journalist could finish his sentence, Mason drove his fist into Harrison’s jaw. It connected with such impact that the man lifted slightly from the ground and landed on his back.

In a distant part of his mind, Mason registered the gravity of what he had done, but he couldn’t think of the consequences right now. His attention was focused solely on the man on the ground and the fury pulsing through him.

Mason took another step toward him, but the blood on Harrison’s mouth stopped him cold. Clearly dazed, Harrison touched his lip, then stared down at the blood on his fingers. He scrambled to his feet. To Mason’s surprise, the man started to laugh.

“You just gave me an even better headline,” Harrison muttered. “‘New Rajuns coach wins Cup, then loses wife, temper, and job.’ How does that sound?”

Searing rage crackled inside him, but Mason forced himself not to take the bait again. Instead, Mason balled his hands at his sides to keep from grabbing the bastard and slugging him in the eye this time.

Without another word, Mason spun on his heels and continued to his office. He barely made it there before Harlan chased him down. His typical composure and flat expression were unusually ruffled.

“Damn it, Mason,” he snapped. “What the hell did you do?”

“If you’re referring to Harrison Stacey, that son-of-a-bitch had it coming the minute he started talking about Jules.”

Harlan ran a hand through his neatly groomed brown hair. “Everyone’s talking about her. She’s a rocket. She’s also America’s former beauty queen who filed for divorce from the hottest coach in the league right now. Get used to it.”

Mason ground his teeth together, hating to be reminded of that bit—and hating that Harlan was right. Being in the public eye wasn’t anything new for them. It had started ten years ago when the media had gotten wind that the beloved American beauty queen was now dating a Canadian jock—or “hockey’s short-tempered bad boy,” as they had put it. The media had built their relationship into some kind of fairytale, when all he had wanted at that time was to build something special with the most fascinating woman he had ever met.

Luckily, he and Jules had managed to privately build a strong, lasting relationship. He would be damned if he let the media or anyone invade their privacy and further destroy their marriage.

“Harrison is a gossip columnist, a wannabe sportswriter, who has no business in our press room. If he wants to report this to the league, let him. I’ll pay the fine and you can work on getting his press pass revoked.”

Harlan frowned. “The league is the least of our worries, and revoking his pass will be the last thing I do now, thanks to you. If we want to keep this little incident from hitting the papers—or worse, land on a police report—I now have to play nice with the guy.”

Mason muttered a curse. Once again, Harlan was right. Harrison wasn’t a player and had never been one. Throwing the occasional punch might be how some of them in the league settled disagreements, but a weasel like Harrison could make serious trouble.

As if he needed any more.

“Fuck.”

Harlan sighed. “Why don’t you take off and I’ll deal with Harrison.” He pulled out his cell phone and was nearly down the hall before he called over his shoulder, “Try not to slug anyone else on your way out.”

Mason watched him leave, then caught a glimpse of Doug hovering nearby. He blew out a weary breath.

“You should head home too, Doug.”

“All right. But can I just say how freaking epic that was! You were like”—Doug threw a swift jab in the air—“Bam, motherfucker!”

Mason cocked a brow. Though it had felt good hitting that son-of-a-bitch, the fleeting moment of satisfaction was about to cause a shit storm of problems.

“Goodbye, Doug.”

Doug glanced at him sheepishly and cleared his throat. “Right. I’m leaving. But just so you know, it’s three thirty.”

“And?”

“And you have an appointment now. I would have rescheduled it, but it’s marked private on your calendar.”

Mason glanced at his watch, then shut his eyes. Shit.

Jules was going to kill him.





Chapter 4





Mason rushed into the therapist’s office and hurried pass the startled assistant at the front desk. The petite young woman jumped to her feet as he continued toward the frosted glass door with Dr. Priya Kahn’s name etched on it.

“Excuse me, sir. You can’t go in there!”

Mason ignored the short blonde and pushed open the office door. Two pairs of stunned dark eyes swung in his direction. He glanced from the older woman sitting on the edge of the sofa, a tissue wadded in her hand, to the younger woman sitting across from her, a notepad resting on her lap. Before he could say anything, the office assistant rushed in behind him.

“Sorry, Dr. Kahn. I tried to tell him you were with a client, but he wouldn’t listen.”

The therapist plastered a smile on her face and nodded. “It’s all right, Debbie. You’re Jules’ husband, correct? Mason Courage?”

He nodded stiffly. “We had an appointment with you. Where is she?”

“You did, but your wife left here about an hour ago. As you can see, I’m with another client. If you would like to reschedule your session, please see my assistant Debbie about my next availability.”

Mason glanced down at his watch. “Our appointment was for three thirty.”

“No, it was for two thirty. We waited for you until three before she left.”

He grimaced. Fuck. “Why didn’t she call me?”

Dr. Kahn shrugged. “You’ll have to ask her.”

But deep down, Mason knew why. He was the one who had pushed for a second chance, yet once again he had let her down.

How could he have screwed this up?

“Did she make another appointment?”

“That, you’ll have to check with Debbie about. Now, if you’ll please excuse us?”

This time, her tone was sharp with irritation. Her client, on the other hand, simply shook her silver-gray head as she peered at him over her large eyeglasses. The disapproval on her face only added to the heavy lead settling in his gut.

Mason backed out of the office and followed the assistant to her desk. From her hard expression and the annoyance in her blue eyes, it was clear she didn’t take kindly to his antics either.

“Can you please check to see if my wife rescheduled our session?”

“I can tell you now that she didn’t. I tried to ask, but she was pretty upset when she left here.”

Mason winced internally at the thought of Jules leaving here angry and hurt. She was good at keeping her composure and not letting strangers know when she was upset or in pain. The fact that this woman had been able to see that made him think Jules’ pain was too great for her to mask.

That thought made him feel more like shit.

“Would you like to reschedule a session with Dr. Kahn?”

“I’ll have to circle back with my wife. Can I have her card?”

The assistant handed him Dr. Kahn’s business card, and Mason skimmed it. All of her accreditations were listed under her name, and her areas of expertise were outlined on the back. Mason now understood why Jules had selected her. He slipped the card into his pocket.

As he made his way to his car, he pulled out his cell phone and dialed Jules’ number. Her voicemail instantly picked up.

“Jules, it’s me. I’m at the therapist’s office now. Somehow I got the times screwed up. I’m sorry, baby. You know I wouldn’t miss this.”

He reached his car, but instead of getting behind the wheel, he leaned against the trunk. He was at a loss for the words that would redeem him. “I’m sorry” just didn’t seem to cut it. He shut his eyes, wanting to kick himself again for this huge blunder.

“Let’s reschedule, all right? I won’t screw it up next time. We can even ride over here together.” He swallowed hard, his disappointment in himself constricting his throat until it moved down to his chest. “We’ll talk more when I get home, all right? I love you.”

Mason ended the call, his shoulders stooped.

You’ve really screwed this up.

He allowed himself that last moment of self-pity before he squared his shoulders and climbed into his car. He rushed home, secretly hoping she would return his call during his twenty-minute drive. She didn’t. Instead, his phone buzzed with messages from Doug and Harlan. He ignored them all.

When Mason pulled up to their two-story Acadian-style home, he was relieved to see her car in the driveway. In his place on the driveway was a silver sedan he didn’t recognize.

He pulled up alongside Carrie’s car and got out. He thought of what he would say to his wife as he made his way into the house. Whatever he had thought up quickly vanished when he caught sight of a dark-haired man sitting in his living room. Right beside his wife. Their backs were turned to him, but the image of the unidentified man having dinner with his wife instantly came to mind.

Juliette Courage’s Mystery Man.

That was what the local news stations, and practically everyone on social media, were calling the man in the photo. Mason clenched and unclenched his hands into fists.

“Jules, who the hell is this?”

They both snapped their heads around to face him, clearly surprised by his presence. Or was that alarm? Either way, it didn’t lessen his irritation, and he didn’t wait for her to answer him.

He turned to the man, who had risen to his feet. “Who the fuck are you?”

“Mason!” Jules shot to her feet. “Language. Jeremy’s right here.”

He pressed his lips together and came fully into the room. At the foot of the sofa, he found his son sitting on the rug, his knees curled up to his chest. To his relief, Jeremy was completely engrossed in his tablet. But that reprieve was short-lived when he realized Jules had brought some strange man near his children.

Was this one of the bastards waiting to take his place?

That thought was enough to send Mason’s blood boiling.

“What are you doing in my house?” Mason fixed his gaze on the baffled man, his eyes darting to Jules then back to him. “I asked you a question.”

“Mason, don’t be rude. This is Jeremy’s new speech therapist.”

The man started toward him, his hand extended. “My name’s Leigh Young.”

Mason gave the man a quick once-over, and Leigh let his hand drop. Leigh was a far cry from Jeremy’s former therapist. Nothing about Mrs. Reed had been this young, tall, or athletic. Where the hell did Jules find this guy?

Mason fixed his glare on his wife. “What happened to the last one you spoke to me about? Ashley something.”

Jules’ brows pulled together. “What are you talking about? This is Ashleigh.”

“My friends call me Leigh.”

“So you consider all your clients your friends,” Mason said tersely.

“Only the ones I like.”

Leigh smiled in a way that made him want to knock his teeth in. Instead, Mason went to stand by his wife.

“My wife can be very likable,” he said evenly, placing his hand on the small of her back.

Mason didn’t give a shit how possessive it made him look—or that Jules was shooting daggers in his direction with her pretty amber eyes. Whatever thoughts this guy had in his head about his wife, Mason hoped to squash them, quick.

“Mind telling me what you’re doing here in my home, with my wife and son?” His hand involuntarily tightened around her, and she shot him a quick glance.

“Sure. I was just telling Jules how much progress Jeremy has been making with the new communication app we’ve started him on.”

“That’s great. Why don’t you fill me in?”

Mason sat next to a tense Jules as Leigh explained the new alternative communication program to him. They spent the next twenty minutes going over methods to implement the new tool in Jeremy’s day-to-day routine whenever he went nonverbal. Though Mason didn’t like to push their son into something that could lead to sensory overload and a possible meltdown, he had to admit that the new communication method seemed like a simple enough process for Jeremy to adopt.

Throughout the meeting, Jules nodded and smiled and asked all the appropriate questions. She was pleasant throughout the entire debrief, but from the rigidity in her slender frame, Mason knew she was a dam waiting to burst.

When it was over, Mason walked Leigh to the door. Whatever Mason might have thought of the guy at the beginning, it was clear he was serious about his work and committed to helping their son.

“Look, I didn’t mean to bite your head off earlier,” Mason said as they reached the door. “It’s just I can never be too careful who comes around my family.”

“No, of course you can’t. You and the Cajun Rage are celebrities around here. I have a friend who’s a big fan of yours. He’s been following your career since we were in high school.”

Mason’s lips tightened. Leigh couldn’t be that much younger than him, and yet Mason felt older than his thirty-nine years. It didn’t help that he was staring forty right in the face—or the fact that with every year he aged, Jules seemed to get younger and more beautiful.

“Tell your friend I appreciate the dedication.”

Leigh nodded, and Mason shut the door after him. When he turned around, he was surprised to find Jules standing behind him.

“This doesn’t change anything, Mason.”

“What do you mean?”

“Coming here, playing the jealous husband, which was completely uncalled for. And humiliating, by the way. You clearly haven’t paid any attention to what’s been going on in this house, and today only proved my point.”

“Jules, I know I screwed up today—”

She waved her hand dismissively. “It doesn’t matter, Mason. Nothing you say can change the fact that I gave you another chance to prove you wanted to make this marriage work, but you blew it. I honestly don’t know how much more I have left in me to keep doing this with you.”

Mason frowned, irritated by her lack of understanding. It was as if she didn’t care that she would be tearing their family apart.

“Damn it, Jules. Why can’t you see that I’m fucking trying?”

“Ooh. Daddy said a bad word.”

They both turned to find a giggling Madison peeking around the corner.

“Madison, it’s not nice to listen to grownups talking,” Jules reprimanded. “Especially when they don’t know you’re there.”

Madison pouted. “Sorry, Mommy. I just wanna say hi to Daddy.”

Jules gave her a short nod, and their daughter came running toward him. He picked her up and her small arms wrapped around his neck.

“Hi, Daddy.”

Mason held her close, breathing in her sweet scent. “Hi, honey.”

These were the small moments he treasured, the moments he would miss. Seeing and holding his children whenever he wanted was what kept his heart beating. Yet, all that would change if Jules decided to move forward with this divorce.

He couldn’t let that happen.

“Carrie,” Jules called, and the nanny hurried to where they stood.

“Yes?”

“Can you please take the children into the TV room?”

Carrie nodded and held her arms out to Madison. She shook her head and, like a repeat of the other night, tightened her arms around him.

“I don’t wanna watch TV. I wanna stay and talk to Daddy.”

Mason rubbed her back. “Madison, Mommy needs to talk to me first.”

She lifted her head from the crook of his neck. “Is Mommy mad at you?”

“Madison, we need you to go with Carrie and your brother to the other room,” Jules said. “Right now.”

“Are you going to yell at Daddy?”

Jules sighed and rubbed her temple. “Daddy and I need to have our grownup talk. Why don’t you go make cookies with Carrie?”

“I’ll come help you eat them after Mommy and I are done talking,” Mason whispered in her ear. “Okay?”

“Okay!”

Madison wiggled out of his arms and ran past Carrie toward the kitchen.

“Let’s go into the bedroom and talk?” Jules said as they overheard Carrie attempting to drag Jeremy away from his tablet.

Mason followed her into their large bedroom. His gaze fell on the large four-poster bed, then he quickly glanced away. It had been a while since they had done more than just sleep on that vintage-style bed.

He shut the door behind him, and she went to stand at the foot of the bed. She stood there rigidly, her expression a blank mask. She was trying to hide her feelings behind a serene façade, but she didn’t have to.

He knew exactly how pissed she was.

“Jules, I know you don’t want to hear excuses about why I missed our session, so I won’t bother with them. All I can say is that I’m sorry I let you down. Again. It won’t happen again. I promise.”



Jules stared at her husband, trying to get a handle on the myriad of emotions moving through her.

Greater than her anger and disappointment—and even her resentment—was the terrible heartache piercing through her. She had counted on him to show up today, to assure her that he was as committed to repairing their marriage as she was. Yet with every moment that had passed, the level of her despair had only increased.

It wasn’t until it reached its peak that she had come to accept that she would never be his number one. Now he wanted her to believe things would change because he promised?

“We can reschedule for any day next week, Jules, and I’ll be there.”

She slowly shook her head. “No.”

“No?”

“No, Mason. You don’t get to do that. You don’t get to snap your fingers and decide when to be present in this marriage. It’s over. It’s been over for a while now, but you’ve been too busy to notice.”

His face blanched, but there was a fire in his deep blue eyes that was distinct. “Jules, you don’t mean that. I may have been a bit preoccupied this season, but that doesn’t mean you should throw away eight years of marriage.”

“Nine.”

“What?”

“This year, we celebrated nine years of marriage.”

The muscles in his jaw flexed and he ran a hand across the back of his neck. “Okay. Nine. But you know what I mean.”

“Oh, I think I’m starting to get a clue. What you mean is that it’s okay for you to cancel our family vacation because you need to spend more time training your players. That it’s okay for you to forget our wedding anniversary because you had a game to go to.”

Jules swallowed and blinked back her tears, remembering how alone she had felt that day. “What I’ve finally understood from you, Mason, is that it’s okay for you to miss every important aspect of our family’s lives so long as your players are scoring and winning championships.”

“That’s not true and you know it,” he snapped, a fierce scowl tugging at his dark brows. “I love you. I love our kids. Nothing could replace that or take that away. Except you. You’re the one trying to take my kids from me, and I won’t let you.”

“I’m not taking the kids anywhere. I do think it’s best if you found someplace else to stay while we work through this, but you’re welcome to come see the kids whenever you find the time.” She took a deep breath then said in a rush, “I just can’t be your wife anymore. What we once had is…gone.”

His gaze sharpened on her. “Who is he?”

“What are you talking about?”

“There’s someone else. I know it. If it’s not the guy in the photo, it’s someone else. So who’s trying to take you away from me?”

She wrapped her arms around herself, wondering how he could see so much yet still see nothing at all.

“Mason, for the last time, I’m not seeing anyone else. This is about me being in this marriage by myself, and that’s not the kind of marriage I want. You say you love me, yet I always seem to come last on your list. Between your team and the kids, I’m the one who has to settle for the crumbs of your attention, and I can’t be satisfied with that anymore.”

He was silent for a moment before he asked quietly, “Do you still love me?”

Jules clenched her teeth. Of course she did. It was because she loved him that she knew it was best they ended it now, before they did something to hurt each other. And she didn’t want to hurt him.

Yet there was another small part of her that wanted to make him as miserable as she had felt these past few months. And she hated that part of herself. She never wanted to intentionally hurt him, but she feared her anger and resentment would one day push her to do something she would hate herself for.

And he would hate her forever.

Then again, maybe it was for the best that he learned about that secret part of her. Then he would understand why getting a divorce was for the best…

“Mason, do you know how I spent our wedding anniversary last month? While you were away at one of your games, I got dressed up and took myself out to dinner. Alone. I was going to celebrate it, whether you wanted to be there with me or not.” She couldn’t bear his piercing gaze any longer, so she dropped her eyes down to her clasped hands. “I ordered the most expensive wine, tried all kinds of different dishes, and kept telling myself I was having a good time, even though I wasn’t. Not until…”

How much should she tell him? Just remembering that brief moment of irrational thinking made her feel disgusted with herself. But he needed to know.

“Until what?” His tone was gruff with suppressed ferocity.

Jules squared her shoulders and met his hard gaze. “Until a man decided to join me and turned my lonely dinner into a not-so-lonely one. It was probably one of the best nights I’d had in a long time. He paid attention to me, and it felt nice.”

Mason said nothing as he continued to stare at her, his face flushed and the muscles in his throat working.

“Did you…” He squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose.

“No, I didn’t have sex with him.” She didn’t take her eyes off him when she added quietly, “For a split second, though, I thought about it. Not because I wanted him, but because I wanted to hurt you. I wanted to get back at you for leaving me alone that day, for not being the kind of husband I wanted you to be. But I knew I could never do that, and I didn’t.”

Jules braced herself for his outrage. She was no stranger to his temper, yet she hadn’t expected this eerie silence. He kept his head hung low with his hand over his face. She couldn’t read his expression, but from the slight trembling in his hands, she figured he was trying to keep it together.

Why didn’t he say something?

He shook his head as if struggling with something internally. Then suddenly, a harsh snarl burst from him and she jumped from the wounded sound.

“Fuck, Jules! How could you—”

To her dismay, he swung around and struck the wall behind him. Hard.

“Fuck.”

She grimaced from the severe blow his fist suffered, but she maintained her composure. He took a step toward her then just as quickly doubled back, as if thinking against approaching her. She had never feared him or his anger before, but this was different.

She took a steadying breath before she spoke again. “Are you done? Because I won’t talk until you get your temper in check.”

He kept his back turned to her, his tall frame ramrod straight. “I would never hit you, Jules. You know that.”

“I thought I knew a lot of things about you, about us, but it’s all been just one big fairytale. One that I thought I was happy with, but I’m not. I’m miserable and you’re…distracted. Let’s end this now before we end up hurting each other.”

“That’s the difference between us, Jules. I could never hurt you. Ever. I wouldn’t want to.”

The pain and guilt she had thought she had managed to bury over the past few weeks resurfaced, and she nearly buckled under its weight.

“Mason, I—”

“Don’t.”

He turned to face her. The look in his now glassy eyes wrenched her heart right out of her chest.

“You’ve made yourself clear, but now it’s my turn. I’ve tried convincing you that I still want our marriage to work, but I’m done asking. So this is how things are going to go. I’m going to reschedule another session with Dr. Kahn. You want to talk, we’ll talk. Then you’re going to get on the phone today and call off your lawyer.”

Jules stared at him, stunned at how level his words were, despite his gruff tone.

“While we work our shit out, I’m going to move into the guest room. You’ll have the space to be angry and resentful toward me for however long you need. When you’re ready to have me back in here, just say the word. But I’ll be damned if I let you split our family because of some warped sense of revenge you had, or have, against me.”

In a few long strides, he came to stand directly in front of her. She sucked in a breath.

“I’m still in love with you, Jules. That hasn’t stopped for me. Has it stopped for you?”

She hesitated for the briefest of moments before she finally responded. “I’ve never lied to you, Mason. I never would.”

He regarded her carefully. “Then until you can tell me that you don’t love me anymore, we’re giving this marriage a fighting chance. For us and for the kids.” He cupped her chin and lifted her face to his. “You got me?”

Her eyes probed his. Behind his penetrating gaze and sharp command was an anxiety she had never seen in him before. He was afraid of losing her, of losing their family, and that fear gave her a small bit of hope. In spite of his recent indifference to the matters within their home, he did care about saving their marriage.

And deep in her core, so did she.





Chapter 5





“Thanks for seeing us on such short notice, Dr. Kahn.”

The therapist glanced over at him before returning her gaze to Jules. “Well, your husband was very persistent. Luckily, we were able to find room to squeeze you both in today.”

Mason felt Jules’ eyes on him, but he kept his gaze on the therapist. “Persistent” was an understatement, but when he called her office, he had been adamant that they start their session today.

Yesterday had been a wakeup call for him. He still couldn’t get past what Jules had told him, but learning that she had entertained the thought of sleeping with another man made him realize just how much he had pushed her away—and how close he was to losing her.

After a few minutes of going through the therapeutic process and briefly discussing their current family composition, Dr. Kahn jumped right into the session.

“Why don’t we begin by talking about how you two first met?”

Mason was surprised by the question, and glanced over at his wife. Jules met his gaze, and it was obvious from the softness of her expression that she was remembering that night too.

“I was in Atlanta for a game,” Mason began. “Which had turned out to be a gongshow.”

“Gongshow?”

“Lot of fights, penalties,” he explained. “Basically, one thrill-fest of a game that spilled into our hotel. A couple of my teammates and I were headed to another after-party, I think. I can’t remember. What I remember was being in one of the longest elevator rides, and that’s when I saw her.”

“I was visiting from Texas that weekend for one of my pageant sisters’ wedding,” Jules added. “I was out with some of my girlfriends. I think we were on our way up to the hotel rooftop or something. And as soon as the elevator doors opened, I noticed him.”

“So it was love at first sight?”

“Yes.”

“No.”

Mason turned to her, and she arched a brow, amusement dancing in her eyes.

“You fell in love with me on sight?” she asked.

Mason shrugged. “Well, maybe it was more like lust at first sight.” He turned to Dr. Kahn. “She had on the sexiest, classiest yellow dress. My favorite color, so it was hard not to stare, which didn’t make for a very good first impression.”

“Actually, I didn’t mind the staring,” Jules said, her lips still curved into a small smile. “He had this huge bruise under his eye, but I thought he also had a cute smile.”

“It wasn’t that big.”

She snorted. “Yes, it was. But it didn’t bother me. What really set me off was the grabbing.”

Dr. Kahn’s eyes rounded into large saucers. “Grabbing?”

“It wasn’t Mason. One of his drunken teammates got a little ballsy, and handsy, and decided to grab my butt.”

“And before I could knock some sense into him for it, here comes this sexy lady in this sexy yellow dress taking a swing at me,” Mason said.

Jules winced. “It was a mistake. They were both standing behind me, and I just reacted. I hadn’t even noticed his creep of a teammate until it was too late.”

“That’s one big misunderstanding,” Dr. Kahn said. “How did you find out the truth?”

“One of my girlfriends saw him and confirmed it. I was so embarrassed.” Jules shook her head, as if she was reliving the moment. “I had on this huge ring when I hit him, and it sort of did some damage.”

“I think it cut me.” Mason couldn’t remember if it drew blood, but he did remember that it hurt like a son-of-a-bitch.

The ends of Jules’ brows turned down. “I tried apologizing like a hundred times, but you wouldn’t accept.”

“Because you had just sliced my chin open for something I didn’t even get to do.”

With another small wince, Jules reached over and lightly stroked his chin. His entire body flooded with warmth.

“I know, baby. I’m sorry.”

The touch was spontaneous, but Mason didn’t care. He missed these causal caresses, her impulsive touch. The air between them suddenly shifted, and she became aware of her brief show of affection. A hint of pink flushed across her brown cheeks, and she let her hand drop back onto her lap.

“So how did you go from a cut on the chin to Mr. and Mrs. Courage?” Dr. Kahn asked.

“He made me take him out to breakfast the next morning. Said that was the only way I could make it up to him.”

Mason remembered that moment well, trying to think up some other way to get her phone number before they went their separate ways that night. Extorting a meal out of her had worked. They met again the next morning—away from her friends and his teammates—and had gotten a chance to get to know each other. He missed those days when they had been able to sit around and just talk for hours.

Smiling, Dr. Kahn glanced over at him. “Why not dinner?”

He shrugged. “I think that had been my first request, but she said no.”

“Because I was dating someone at the time, and dinner just felt too intimate,” Jules explained. “We went back and forth until we settled on breakfast.”

“So you were already in a relationship when you met?”

“Yes, but it wasn’t serious. Not serious enough to fly out with him to my friend’s wedding.”

Mason watched as Dr. Kahn jotted something down on her notepad. Had she been taking notes this entire time, or had he only just started to notice?

If the fact that he had continued to pursue Jules while she had been in a relationship piqued her interest, Dr. Kahn didn’t let it show. That small detail certainly hadn’t stopped him. He’d known from that moment on what he wanted—and he’d gone after Jules.

“It sounds like you two had an interesting start.”

Jules turned to him again, a warm smile on her lips. “I guess we did.”

He couldn’t remember the last time she had smiled at him like that. It felt nice—honest and real. Moved by a sudden need to touch her, Mason took her hand in his and laced their fingers together. When Jules tightened her hand around his, he hadn’t realized how tense he was waiting for her response.

“Fast-forward ten years later. What is your relationship like now?”

They turned back to Dr. Kahn, the tension between them slowly returning. Jules shifted in her seat.

“It’s…different,” she began.

“How so?”

“Well, so much has happened in ten years. We’re married with two kids, one of them with special needs. Naturally, things between us would change.”

“Mason, would you agree?”

He shrugged. “Sure. No one’s perfect, right?”

Jules stiffened and pulled her hand from his. Mason instantly missed the small connection.

“How would you classify your marriage?”

“A work in progress,” Mason said.

“What sort of progress would you like to see?”

Mason gritted his teeth, irritated by Dr. Kahn’s incessant questions. “I don’t know. Doesn’t every couple have issues they need to work through?”

“True. But what is it that you want in your marriage?”

He shrugged, not sure how to answer that, because he really had no room to complain. When it came to their kids and their home, Jules took care of everyone and everything. He would love it if she showed just as much interest in his career, but then again, she had never been much of a hockey fan. Or any sport, for that matter. He had known that when they had first met.

In a time when he had been surrounded by the press and puck bunnies, it had been refreshing to be with someone who didn’t particularly care that he was a professional athlete, and just enjoyed his company. Despite the challenges of a long-distance relationship, they had made it work, and one year later, he had married the woman of his dreams.

“Honestly, everything I want, I already have.”

Dr. Kahn nodded. “Okay. If you had to choose one thing that you could improve between you, what would it be?”

Mason thought about it, his first thought being their communication. But that wasn’t true. Jules always expressed herself to him, especially when she was angry. It was probably the cause of many of their arguments. With him, she always seemed to find something to be upset about.

“Mason, what’s the first thing that comes to mind?”

“Affection.”

Dr. Kahn arched a brow and heat crept up his cheeks. He cleared his throat to cover his embarrassment and could feel Jules’ eyes on him. It was strange for him to admit something so personal to a stranger, especially when showing and giving affection had never been an issue for them.

“You mean like intimacy?”

“Yeah. We could use a little more of that, too. I would much rather be making love to my wife, but most of our time is spent arguing the minute I get home.”

Jules folded her arms under her breasts. “I don’t see how you expect us to be intimate when you’re hardly around, Mason.”

He frowned at her. “Don’t put that on me. Every time I try to touch you, you find something for us to argue about.”

“You can’t expect me to be in the mood just because you are. It doesn’t really work that way.”

“Then please enlighten me, because no matter what I do, you find an excuse to pull away.”

A tense silence fell in the room. Mason clenched his jaw, wondering how in such a short time they could go from laughing and smiling about their first meeting to snapping about their lack of intimacy.

And the unruffled therapist started right back with her damn questions.

“Jules, what’s the main source of your usual arguments?”

“Hockey,” she said without hesitation. “He puts his career before us, and it’s frustrating.”

Mason glared at her. “That’s not true, damn it, and you know it.”

“Let’s try to keep our cool,” Dr. Kahn said, staring pointedly at him. “It’s important to hear each other out so you can find out why your wife feels this way.”

“He knows why,” Jules said tightly.

“It doesn’t appear he does,” Dr. Kahn countered. “Why don’t you give an example of a time you felt he put hockey before you and your kids?”

“Well, there’s yesterday, for starters. He missed our session because he was giving a press conference. Then there’s that time a few weeks ago when he cancelled a meeting with the principal at our daughter’s new preschool. This will be her first year, and he’s too busy with work to get involved with that.”

He couldn’t argue with her on any of that, because she was right. This past year, he had prioritized his team over his family. Those extra drills, the long hours of practice, the time spent developing new plays had won them the Cup. Now he was going to lose his family.

“It sounds like the main source of the tension between you two is your husband’s work. Do you think it would help your relationship if he quit?”

Mason sat stiffly in his seat and braced himself for her response. He couldn’t see how backing him into a corner like that could ever save their marriage. But Jules had never given him such an ultimatum, and he’d always been grateful for that.

“No. I don’t want him to quit his job. I just want him to find a better balance. It’s like ever since his dad passed away, he’s—”

“Jules, don’t.”

She glanced at him, then fell silent, folding her hands on her lap. His tone was harsher than he had intended, and that drew Dr. Kahn’s interest.

“You don’t want to talk about your father?” she asked.

“I don’t want to make this session about him, because it has nothing to do with him.”

“According to your wife, he’s a small factor. When did he pass?”

“September last year.”

“And were you two close?”

Mason gritted his teeth and nodded, annoyed that she would continue on the subject of his dead father. The pain of losing him was still fresh and he didn’t need some therapist to drum up daddy issues where there were none. Dalton Courage had been a great father to him and his younger brother Ryder. It was through his father that Mason had found his love for ice hockey. Even when Ryder had decided soccer was more his sport, their father had supported them equally, never missing a game. And when they had both gone on to play professionally, their father had been their biggest cheerleader to the very end.

“Could it be that you’re throwing yourself into your work to deal with your loss?” Dr. Kahn asked. “It wouldn’t be uncommon.”

“Maybe.” Mason let her conclude what she wanted.

“Perhaps you should seek grief counseling to better deal with your loss.”

“I appreciate the concern, but I’ve dealt with it.”

In fact, he had found peace with his father’s passing a while ago. Losing him had hurt, but with his declining health, it had been expected. Throwing himself into his work had nothing to do with hiding behind his pain, and everything to do with winning the Cup for his dad. As a player, he had come close twice but never made it. This time, he had grabbed at the chance for the championship, and threw his all behind his players. Against the odds, they had won. Mason imagined his father had been beaming down at him with pride that night.

These were all things he had learned to come to terms with. He didn’t need therapy, or Dr. Kahn, to tell him what he had since accepted.

“Dr. Kahn, I only brought up his father because that’s when I noticed the shift in his priorities where our family was concerned,” Jules said. “But hockey isn’t the only problem.”

“Then what is the real issue?” Dr. Kahn asked.

She shifted in her seat, her hands clasped tightly together. “I feel alone in this marriage.”

Mason glanced away from her rigid profile, bothered at her admission. Though part of him was relieved that she didn’t want him to quit hockey, another part was disturbed by the fact that she felt lonely with him. Whether or not he understood how, that was how she felt in their marriage.

“We’re out of time for today,” Dr. Kahn said, placing her pen down. “But what I’d like you two to do before our next session is to go out on a date. Alone. It can be anywhere, but I want you to plan it together. When I see you again, I want to hear all about it.”



“Where do you think we should go?”

Mason shrugged. “You decide.”

Jules turned to him. His attention was focused on the road ahead. Their first marriage counseling session hadn’t been as uncomfortable as she had believed it would be. If anything, it had made her feel closer to him than she had in a long time. But while she was eager to begin planning their first obligatory date, he was uninterested.

“Mason, please don’t make me plan this on my own.”

“Sorry.” He reached over and gave her knee a squeeze. “How about we try that new seafood restaurant in the French Quarter?”

“La Bouff’s? I’ve heard good things about them.”

“Good. I’ll make a reservation for us.”

“Maybe we could go dancing after?”

He shot her a quick glance. “I’m not good at dancing.”

“Yes, you are. Dancing is like making love, and we have two kids, remember? Trust me, you’re good.”

The corner of his lips kicked up. “Well, if you’re talking about that kind of dancing, then yeah. I’m great at it.”

She rolled her eyes, though she couldn’t hold back her own smile. “Don’t get ahead of yourself. Even a pro needs practice.”

“When can we start practicing again?”

Her heart thudded in her chest from the low, suggestive question. From the husky desire in his tone, it was clear they were no longer talking about dancing, and her thighs quivered at the thought of being with him again. With last season’s playoffs keeping him away, and the rising tension between them because of it, there had been no room for romance or intimacy.

Yet, based on their session today, he wanted more of that between them. A revelation that surprised her. He had stopped making an effort to touch her, and didn’t appear bothered by their lack of lovemaking. She had assumed he had stopped caring about that part in their marriage. She was relieved to learn she had been wrong. Then again, would it be wise of them to jump back into bed so soon when they still had so much to work through?

Before she could approach that delicate subject, his cell phone rang. Mason answered it, and a familiar voice spoke clearly through the car speakers.

“Mason, I think that cocksucker—”

“Watch it, Doug. My wife’s in the car.”

“Oh… Sorry, Jules.”

“Don’t sweat it, Doug,” Jules said, finding her husband’s reproach amusing, since he rarely ever bothered to watch his language around her. “I’ve heard it all before. Now, you were saying…”

There was a brief hesitation before Doug spoke again. “It’s Harrison Stacey. I think he’s trying to make trouble for you, Mason.”

“Who’s that?” she asked quietly.

“I’ll tell you later.” Mason’s tone was low and guarded. He returned his attention to Doug. “What happened? Did he publish something?”

“No, but I think he may have filed a complaint with the league. I heard Steven got a call from the commissioner’s office, and now he wants us to meet with him today.”

“Today’s no good, which is why I blocked my schedule.”

“I told them that, but then they started talking about suspensions and fines if we don’t get this straightened out, so I called you.”

Mason’s grip tightened around the steering wheel as they sat at a traffic light. He turned to her, his expression strained and apologetic. She realized then he was waiting for her permission. With his free schedule, she had hoped they could have lunch together at home and maybe finish planning their date night. Apparently that would have to wait.

“Go,” she whispered. “This sounds important.”

“All right, Doug. I’ll be there in a few.” Mason ended the call and glanced toward her. “Sorry, babe. I was not expecting that. We’re nearly home, so I’ll drop you off first.”

She nodded. “What’s going on, though? Who’s Harrison Stacey?”

Mason sighed. “He’s some damn sports journalist I took a swing at yesterday after the press conference.”

Her mouth fell open as she processed his words. “What? Why?”

Mason clenched his jaw and shook his head. “It doesn’t matter. I should have known better than to let him get under my skin. That was stupid on my part.”

She studied him as they neared their home. It was true her husband had a temper, but his fighting days had come to an end after his last season as a defenseman. His reputation may have advanced with him into his coaching career, but he wasn’t the type of guy that would go around punching people or things.

Yet he had done both yesterday.

“Did he deserve it?”

Mason glanced at her, his brows lifting. “Yeah, he did. And I sure as shit don’t regret hitting him.”

“Then this will all work itself out. Don’t worry.”

“Who says I’m worried?”

“Your white knuckles.”

He looked down at his hands, and they both chuckled. He eased his hold as he began to turn the wheel. It took her a second to realize they were pulling into their driveway.

“When I get back tonight, maybe we can order in and put on that panda movie Jeremy loves.”

“The kids would love that.”

Jules started to exit the car then stopped. Turning back, she leaned over and pressed her lips against his cheek. She caught the stunned look on his face and smiled big. Pleased with herself, she started out of the car again.

To her surprise, he grabbed her hand and pulled her back to him. Looping his hand around the back of her neck, he brought his lips lightly down over hers. His lips moved over hers gently before he deepened the kiss. Something warm unfurled inside her, and she instinctively rested her hand on his arm. No matter how much they fought or how angry he made her at times, he was the only man that could make her feel this way.

With a tremulous sigh, her lips fell open, and he slowly slipped his tongue into her mouth. The taste and texture of him was familiar, but there was something new in the way he moved his tongue along hers. He took his time, as if savoring the very essence of her. The sensation left her tingling with warmth all over. She released a soft moan and returned his kiss with all the passion and fire she still held for him.

Eventually, he pulled away and cupped her cheek. She held his penetrating gaze as he stroked the pads of his thumb along her jaw.

“Thank you.”

Jules tilted her head slightly. There were several ways she could interpret that, but she decided to just let it be, and gave him another quick kiss on the lips.

“Hurry back.”



Will Mason and Jules be able to save their marriage? Continue A GAME OF COURAGE to find out!





Thanks for reading!





Rate or review the book. Honest reviews are always helpful!



* * *



Recommend to your family, friends, and reader groups.



* * *



Share with other readers on your favorite social media site.





More Books by Lena Hart



CONTEMPORARY

Brides of Cedar Bend series

Something Old

Something New

Something Borrowed

Something Blue



* * *



To Be Loved series

First Love

Because You Love Me

Because You Are Mine

Because This Is Forever



* * *



Standalones

My Silent New York Night

Her Seductive Dare

It’s a Dare, Baby



* * *



SUSPENSE

The Queen Quartette series

His Flower Queen

His Bedpost Queen

Queen of His Heart

His Diamond Queen



* * *



City of Sin spin-off series

B is for Bedpost

The Devil’s Bedpost



* * *



HISTORICALS

Hearts at War collection

A Sweet Surrender

Amazing Grace

In the Morning Sun





About the Author





Lena Hart is a Florida native currently living in the Harlem edge of New York City. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual to steamy contemporary, suspense, and historical romances. When Lena is not busy writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about her upcoming works, join her Reader Group.



Connect with her on…

www.LenaHartWrites.com

lena@lenahartwrites.com





