HIS DIAMOND QUEEN

Quartette IV



Lena Hart





HIS DIAMOND QUEEN

Copyright © 2014



E-book ISBN: 978-1-941885-08-6

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.



No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission, except in the case of brief passages embodied in critical reviews and articles.





ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS



Many people may not know this, but this series has been a long time in the making. Two years, in fact. With this last installment of the series complete, I have so many people to thank, particularly my editors and beta readers: Karen Harris, Jan Carol, Valerie Hatfield, Helen Woodall, Elizabeth, Shauna, Amber D (thank you for making sure my Spanish was on point!), Rae, Thama, and San. Your inputs, as always, were truly invaluable.



I’d like to also thank all my family and friends for keeping me sane throughout this journey—especially my good friend and fellow author, Alyssa Cole, for being an awesome springboard and reminding me to put me first; my older sister and confidante, San Jean, for being my biggest fan and harshest critic, for always listening to me gripe, and for never shutting me up when I’m brainstorming out loud; and to my awesome mamãe for reminding me that no matter what, you’ve always got my back.



And lastly, I want to thank all my readers and fans for spreading your love of my work and taking the time to message me your thoughts and encouragement—your support is like chicken soup for my writer’s soul.



I really wouldn’t have been able to see this project through without you all. Thank you!





TABLE OF CONTENTS





ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

HIS DIAMOND QUEEN

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty-One

Chapter Twenty-Two

Epilogue

FROM THE AUTHOR

THE QUEEN QUARTETTE

BONUS FEATURES

ABOUT THE AUTHOR





HIS DIAMOND QUEEN

Lena Hart





the forbidden gem…

Rachelle Silva is used to getting what she wants. As the beloved secret daughter of a ruthless crime boss, she wants for nothing—except freedom from her overprotective father. But when her identity is compromised and her life is threatened, Rachelle is given the one thing she’s always hated most: an escort.



Former fighter Jay Price stays connected with Vegas’s criminal underbelly, and for the right price he’ll take on any job. But when he’s hired to babysit self-centered “princess” Rachelle, he finds himself captivated by the beautiful, spoiled socialite—and annoyed by his sudden attraction to her.



Confused by her own attraction to the tattooed “thug,” Rachelle sets out to make Jay as aware of her as she is of him. Unfortunately the threats to her life are all too real, and Jay is forced to bring her into “his world” until the threat is...eliminated. But he has an even bigger fight on his hands—his desire for the one woman he’s forbidden to have.





The Queen of Diamonds believes that everything—and everyone—in life has its price.



♦





Chapter One





Never trust a man with a neck tattoo.

Rachelle Silva stared at the tall, muscular man standing just outside the security checkpoint of the busy Las Vegas airport. She and her best friend often joked about that whenever they saw guys like him proudly displaying their ink.

It didn’t seem like much of a joke now.

Granted, the tattoo only tapered up the side of his neck, but it was enough to make his presence more intimidating.

Rachelle let her gaze travel down the length of him. He was big, his body corded with muscles, but not so much that it made him look ridiculous. In fact, his bulk was proportionate to his height. His shoulders were wide, stretching his black t-shirt, and defining every dip and curve of his well-built torso. His thick arms bunched as he held up a sign with her name displayed on it, which only made the tattoo on his left arm that more prominent. The dark Celtic lines started just above his wrists, disappeared into the sleeve of his black t-shirt, and reappeared to snake slightly around his broad neck.

With his dark blonde buzz-cut and dark jeans, he looked like he belonged in a nightclub somewhere, tossing out drunks—or at the very least as someone’s bodyguard.

She frowned at the thought. No, he couldn’t be one of her father’s new watchmen. Before she’d been “encouraged” to take the six-month trip to Brazil, she’d talked to her father about putting an end to the constant supervision and “escorts.” It had taken some arguing but in the end, her father had reluctantly complied.

This tattooed giant may not be the replacement she’d expected, but he was just her new driver. Nothing more.

Rachelle made her way toward him, shaking her head as she dragged her designer carry-on behind her. Where did Uncle Paolo find this guy? The man wasn’t even wearing a suit.

It wasn’t often she traveled alone. And being met by a stranger outside of baggage claim was as foreign to her as flying commercial. The whole experience, including her twelve hour flight to Vegas from Brazil, was putting her in a mood. But the investigations into her father’s businesses had forced him to keep a low profile and limit his expenditures, so that meant no private jet service—a convenience she was greatly starting to miss.

As she drew near, the man lowered the sign, his movements slow and fluid for such a large man and her steps faltered. For a brief moment, Rachelle contemplated walking right past him, but shook the silly thought away. If her father’s long-time friend had sent him then he had to be legit.

His gaze ran down the length of her—from the top of her wild, curly hair, down to her thin, five-inch heels. She was used to guys checking her out, but the way he sized her up suggested he wasn’t impressed.

That annoyed her and she didn’t know why. She shouldn’t care what he, of all people, thought. She knew she looked good.

The closer she got to him, the larger he appeared and she was grateful for her heels, which gave her average five-five frame some height advantage. Yet even with the added length, he was a head taller than her.

She stopped in front of him and her breath caught. Everything about him was intimidating, but she was mesmerized by the bluest eyes she’d ever seen. Eyes as blue and clear as the Brazilian shores. Those sapphire blue eyes were a sharp contrast to his harsh features and the deep scar on his chin. She realized she was staring and swiftly turned away to hide her embarrassment.

“Here you go.”

She pulled her bag in front of her and held it out to him. While she waited for him to take hold of the handle, she searched through her shoulder bag for her shades. The afternoon Vegas sun would be high and bright by now.

When he didn’t move to take her carry-on, she glanced at him curiously. He simply stared down at her, a thick brow raised. The slight tug at the corner of his lips annoyed her.

“Aren’t you going to take my bag?” She didn’t bother to keep the exasperation from her voice.

“You must be Rachelle,” he said, his deep voice casual. His low timbre had a strange effect on her. Her name rolled off his tongue with so much sensuality, it made her think of dark rooms and satin sheets.

She scoffed at the very idea. Oh, please. There was no way she would willingly go anywhere dark or private with this guy.

“Yes, and you must be—”

“Jay,” he said.

“—my driver.” Rachelle finished.

They stared at each other, then he shook his head, his lips curving fully into a mocking grin. “That too.”

Rachelle’s cheeks burned. She resented how he made her feel like an insensitive snob. And the way he continued staring at her made her feel overly exposed and unsure of herself. Hopefully, he was a temporary driver because she already didn’t like him.

“Do you have any more bags with you?”

She shook her head. “The rest is being shipped back to me.” She extended her luggage to him again. “But you can take this.”

The mocking smile fell from his lips. “I don’t think so, princess.”

Rachelle stared at him, stunned at his audacity. “Excuse me?” She couldn’t remember the last time a man had told her no—let alone someone in her father’s employ. Her other drivers had always carried her bags.

“You’re managing just fine,” he said. “Now if you don’t have any more bags, I’d like to get the hell out of here.”

He discarded the sign and turned to leave. Rachelle had barely recovered from her shock to rush after him.

“Are you serious? You’re not going to carry my bag to the car?”

He slowed his long-legged stride just enough to answer her. “I’m not your damn caddy. Now let’s go.” Except for the hard glint in his crystal blue eyes, his tone was deceptively mild.

For a moment, she lost her voice and her attitude. She was used to dealing with her father’s anger, but didn’t know what to make of this guy’s obvious irritation. She hitched her large bag higher up her shoulder and swung the carry-on behind her. It wasn’t worth continuing an argument with him over, but she didn’t want to let the slight go either.

“You’re such a gentleman,” she muttered.

He gave her a crooked grin and without another word, began walking toward the airport exit.

What a jerk.

Her heels clicked against the bright linoleum floors as she tried to keep up with him. This must be a mistake. There was no way this ass worked for her father. When they neared the restrooms she called out to him to stop. Her request went ignored.

“Wait, damn it!”

He stopped and turned back to her. “What now?”

“I need to use the ladies room.”

His sigh practically knocked her down. “Hurry up.”

“Or what?” she snapped. “You can’t leave without me.”

He raised that damn eyebrow again. “I can’t?”

Rachelle narrowed her eyes at him then headed to the nearest restroom, grumbling as she dragged her bag behind her. Once in the bathroom, she pulled out her cell and called the one person who could help her understand what was going on.

When her father didn’t pick up his first line, she called his second line—the line only she and her mother had access to.

“Babbo?”

“Dia, sweetie, you have arrived?” Her father’s faint Italian accent came through the phone. “Are you okay?”

“Yes, I’m fine. But this new driver… Who is he? Why couldn’t Uncle Paolo, or even Bruce, come pick me up?”

Her father’s best friend and her surrogate uncle, had been in her life before she could even talk. He had even been responsible for hiring her previous longtime escort and shadow, Bruce. She knew and trusted the two men. They were like her extended family, which was why she had tolerated their overprotection for so long. But now that she was older, she wanted the freedom to at least pick her own driver.

Jay the Jerk wouldn’t do.

At her father’s heavy sigh, her grip tightened around her cell.

“He’s not just your driver, Dia. He’s going to be accompanying you around for a while.”

She stifled a groan. “Why? We talked about this. I don’t want any more of your men to escort me.”

“My precious little diamante, if I was in the city, I would come get you myself.”

Rachelle frowned, not at all swayed by her father’s endearment. She had been his precious little “diamond” since she could remember, which her parents had shortened to “Dia.” But that she didn’t mind. It was the “little” that bothered her, especially when her father appeared to have a hard time accepting she wasn’t a little girl anymore.

“I will be home tonight, but until then, I want you to stay close to him, okay?”

Rachelle didn’t like the sound of that. “No, Babbo, it’s not okay. I don’t need a chaperon. He’s going to drive me home, and then I’m sending him away.”

Her father quickly lost his cajoling tone. “Damn it, Dia. Don’t argue with me now, and don’t you dare leave his side. We will speak about this later tonight.”

Rachelle ended the call and let out a frustrated sigh. She knew better than to argue when her father took that tone. When it came to protecting her and her mother, her father took it very seriously. It had been on his insistence that she had gone to spend some time with her mother’s family in Brazil, which she’d only agreed to if he allowed her to go alone. Then he’d suddenly demanded she return, but had made no mention of her having another escort follow her everywhere. Something must have happened to put him on edge like this, but she refused to let go of the short-lived freedom she had experience.

She tightened her lips and lingered a bit longer than she needed in the large restroom. She knew she was keeping him waiting and silently dared him to leave without her.

Turning to the wide mirror, she checked her make-up. Her smooth, honey-brown hue had darken a shade or two, thanks to the Brazilian sun, but she had still managed to do a great job with her blending. Excerpt for her wild curls, which had become unruly from the long travel and humidity, she looked as flawless as ever. Rachelle reapplied her lip gloss and forced a smile on her lips. She had spent six, happy months in Brazil, excited for her newfound independence, of being able to travel without any of her father’s men tailing behind her. Now that she was home, the sheltered life she had known for too long was steadily creeping back in. She didn’t like arguing with her father, but she refused to have that big, mean brute follow her around. She had enjoyed her freedom and independence too much.

Rachelle ran her fingers through her long, dark curls, forcing them into some semblance of order, and prepared to leave the bathroom. Just as she reached for her bags, a woman came rushing into the restroom with her plain black rollaway bag. The woman barely missed knocking her down and Rachelle let out a low exclamation. She was prepared to snap at the woman until she saw the tears welled in her eyes.

The woman ran into one of the stalls and Rachelle stood there for a moment, debating whether she should say something. She recalled the nights her mother had snuck away to be alone and cry when her father hadn’t been able to spend more time with them and her heart wrenched for the distraught woman.

“Miss? Are you okay?” She obviously wasn’t fun, but that was all Rachelle could think to ask.

“I-I’m fine.” The woman’s muffled voice was thick with tears.

Rachelle decided to leave her be but then caught sight of the small green and brown floral bag on the ground. She sighed and scooped it up. It wasn’t the most attractive thing, but she could only imagine the woman’s added stress if it was stolen.

“Okay, but I think you dropped your wallet.” There was silence on the other side of the stall door and Rachelle’s brows pulled together with concern. “I can leave it on the counter if you want.”

A second later, the stall door opened and a desolate face with raccoon eyes stared back at her. What kind of pain could have brought on such misery?

The woman took the wallet from her hands and mumbled a quick, “Thanks.”

Rachelle studied her. “Are you sure you’re okay?”

The woman nodded stiffly and Rachelle decided not to press her. She smiled sympathetically at the sad woman then quickly gathered her bags. As soon as Rachelle walked out of the wide opening of the restroom, she spotted Jay leaning against the wall. His folded arms and frown said he wasn’t happy to be kept waiting.

Tough shit.

He didn’t wait for her to reach him before he pushed away from the wall and started toward the airport exit. Rachelle vowed to endure the situation without complaint—or at least until she could speak to her father. Complaining to this insensitive jerk would be a waste of her energy.

Instead, she followed his long-legged strides and soon they were making their way through the parking garage. Her arms ached from dealing with her shoulder bag and tugging the carry-on behind her, but she refused to voice a complaint to him about it.

He stopped beside an impressive black pick-up. The giant truck was high and just as intimidating as the man who drove it.

Her steps slowed. “You can’t be serious.”

“Sorry, princess. They were fresh out of stretch limos.” He didn’t bother to turn around.

Rachelle glared at the back of his head, but before she could register what he was doing, he grabbed her bag and threw it in the back row of the passenger seat.

He obviously didn’t know how expensive the bag was or he’d think twice about tossing it around like that. Then again, maybe he would have just to spite her.

He threw open the front passenger-side door, then made his way around to the driver side, not bothering to help her up into the high truck.

Well, she didn’t need his help. Gripping the edge of the car door, she hoisted herself up, only to slide back down. She wished there was a something she could step on and that her heels weren’t so high. How was she supposed to maneuver herself into his damn high truck?

She was so preoccupied with trying to figure out where to put her foot that she didn’t see him coming. A pair of large hands gripped her waist from behind and she shrieked in surprise. He lifted her up and dumped her onto the leather seat.

He moved fast, grabbing the strap of the seatbelt and leaning over her to click it into place. She sucked in her breath as the heat and closeness of his large body pressed against and over her, adding to her already overheated form. He was definitely all muscle and so close she could smell his musky male scent. It wasn’t an unpleasant smell.

Surprised and embarrassed by her reaction—and hating how he was treating her like a child who needed to be strapped into a car seat—she snatched the seatbelt out of his hand and shoved at his shoulders.

“I can do it,” she snapped.

“Then get it done,” he snapped back, slamming the car door shut.

Rachelle clicked the seat belt into place, glaring at him through the windshield as he made his way around to the other side.

What a jerk.





Chapter Two





What a brat.

Jay Price couldn’t believe he’d let himself get talked into taking this job. The kind of money Felix was paying him had almost been enough for him to forget he would be driving and shadowing some rich girl around. He’d told Felix he’d be up for anything if the money was right—so long as it didn’t involve sex, drugs, murder, or kidnapping. Now it looked like he would have to add babysitting to that list. He’d gladly go back to bouncing at clubs so he wouldn’t have to deal with this shit.

Jay tuned out that string of complaints that was coming from the self-centered brat and concentrated on holding on to his temper. Barely half an hour had passed since he’d gotten on the road, but they were the longest moments of his life. He didn’t know how much more he could take trapped in his truck with her constant griping.

First, it was the rock station on the radio that had blared from the speakers the moment he started the engine, then the turn he’d taken, which she thought was too sharp, and now he was dealing with her endless complaints about the suffocating heat they were forced to endure. The damned air conditioner decided to kill itself the moment he tried turning it on and now he was being punished twice by having to deal with a spoiled nutcase in this midday July heat. He would have made a deal with the devil just to get the truck’s AC working again—if only to shut her up.

He should have gotten the damn rental Felix had suggested, but he’d refused to deal with the hassle when his truck was perfectly fine. The extreme heat this summer had forced the system to work overtime and he should have known it was going to give soon.

“Can’t you do something? I can barely breathe!”

He’d tried, but rolling down the windows did little to cool the stuffy truck. The force of the wind from the highway did a lot to drown out her bitching, however. Usually he was good at keeping his cool, handling the kind of pressure most people buckled under. He’d needed that skill when he’d been locked in a cage and had to go round after round with Vegas’s best MMA fighters.

But less than an hour with this piece of work and he was tempted to toss her out of his truck and call Felix to tell him where to shove this job.

“Just roll the windows back up,” she shouted over the wind. “It’s not helping!”

Holding on to his small shred of patience, he did as she asked. He had left one of the windows in the back down a crack so they wouldn’t stick to their seats—or worse yet, die of heat stroke. But it still wasn’t enough for her.

God, what a pain in the ass she is.

Raising such a stink because of a little sweat? And it was too bad. Sweat looked good on her. Particularly when it beaded along the swells of her breast. He could just imagine what she looked like naked, glistening all over with sweat. He glanced over at her again, openly admiring her body behind his dark shades. The way that tight, bright pink halter top hugged her narrow waist and pushed up her breasts brought on all kinds of erotic thoughts. The same kinds of thoughts he’d had at the airport, watching the way her hips swayed when she’d made her way to him. Even in those ridiculously high heels, she moved with a sexiness and grace that was hypnotic.

And from behind she was just as lovely. With the ass on her, she was a walking wet dream and he certainly wouldn’t mind taking her for a ride.

If only she would shut the hell up.

“Seriously! Would you watch the road?”

Jay gritted his teeth as he hit the brakes harder than he intended to keep from rear-ending some asshole who’d cut him. It hadn’t been catastrophic enough to warrant her screeching, but he said nothing because she was right. This time had been his fault. He needed to keep his eyes on the road instead of trying to sneak glimpses of her lush body. Fantasizing about her naked and in bed was a wasted effort. Not only was she a pain in the ass, he was out of his league with her. The kind of guys she let between her legs were no doubt the kind that came with money. Lots of it.

“Why’d you turn on this street?” Her tone was full of exasperation. “You should have stayed on the highway. Now it’s going to take us longer to get to the condo.”

“Trust me. I know what I’m doing.” Those were the first words he had spoken since they’d gotten into the car. “There’s traffic up ahead, and we’re nowhere near the exit. If we’d stayed on the highway, we would have been stuck in traffic for maybe another hour. And the last thing I want is to be stuck in this heat with you for another hour.”

He could feel her burning glare even through her wide, tinted brown shades.

“Whose fault is that, huh? Maybe you should get the air fixed in this piece of junk.”

He tightened his hands on the steering wheel. The air might not be working great, but he didn’t classify his three-year old F-150 as a piece of junk.

“A little sweat won’t kill you, princess. Maybe it’ll even melt some of that ice in your attitude.”

“Stop calling me that! It’s Ms. Silva to you.”

“Whatever you say, princess,” he drawled, using the word deliberately. It would be a frigid day in hell before he let some uppity little princess talk down to him.

“Don’t talk to me like that,” she said tightly. “Not if you want to keep your job. You’d better start addressing me properly.”

Jay’s jaw clenched. What little patience he’d had was officially spent.

“Seeing as you didn’t technically hire me, I think I’m free to say whatever the fuck I want. Had I known what a pain in my ass you’d be, I would’ve asked for the money upfront.”

She sucked her teeth. “You won’t need to because after today, you’re fired! So you can go back to whatever slum you crawled out from.”

“Good. You just did me a favor, princess. I’ll finally be rid of your stuck-up, condescending ass.”

She was silent for a heartbeat. Then the insults came. He should have seen it coming and yet he wasn’t prepared. He almost laughed when she called him some very interesting names, ‘meathead’ being the most memorable. He also picked up on a slight accent the angrier she became. But his brief moment of amusement was quickly replaced with annoyance.

He couldn’t remember the last time his head pounded this much. Not even when he’d gone a few rounds with one of Vegas’s toughest underground fighters. He had won that fight, but his body had ached for days.

This, however, was another kind of pain. The chick just didn’t know when to quit. She was practically shaking with indignation.

“I don’t even know why I bother. You’re just a big, dumb asshole jerk who has no home training and no respect!”

“And you, princess, are just a bad tempered, self-centered little snob who could obviously use a good fucking.”

She inhaled sharply, the small action loud and deep. He expected her to light into him with more shrieking and scolding, but she didn’t say another word for the rest of the drive.

Finally. He got her to shut the hell up.

****

As soon as Jay pulled up to the first available space in front of the high-rise condo, Rachelle jumped out of the truck. She was giving him the silent treatment and he was fine with that. It had been heavenly.

Even if he was regretting his harsh words, he wasn’t about to bother apologizing for them. She probably wouldn’t give a shit anyway, and it wouldn’t change the fact that he wanted nothing more than to get far away from her.

He grabbed her carry-on from behind his seat and followed after her.

“Welcome back, Ms. Silva,” the cheery doorman called out as he pulled open the glass door. “How was your…”

She kept walking without acknowledging the man. The man’s eyes widened, then swung toward Jay. He shrugged. The sooner he could get her into her apartment, the sooner he could get the hell out of here.

They rode the elevator up to the thirty-first floor, and still she refused to speak to him, much less look at him. He couldn’t see her eyes from behind her large shades, but the way her mouth was set she was obviously still very pissed.

Her curly hair was wild around her head, and she kept her arms crossed tightly beneath her breasts, her cheeks slightly flushed from the heat—or anger. Maybe even embarrassment?

Okay, now he was feeling like a world class jerk.

He shouldn’t have allowed her to get under his skin. He’d been told his people skills sucked, which didn’t bother him because he preferred being alone. But maybe he shouldn’t have been so crass, even if she could use an attitude adjustment.

When they reached her condo, a beautiful tall black woman greeted them at the door. She broke into a wide smile and pulled the disheveled girl in front of him into a tight hug.

“Oh, my baby! Come give your mamãe a hug.”

Jay watched as mother and daughter embraced. Despite her height and dark complexion, he could see the slight resemblance between the two women. They even shared the same small beauty mark just below their right eye.

He followed the women into the living room, where the space was open and furnished with lustrous white sofas. At the far end of the room, a pair of contemporary lounge chairs—also white—angled toward an electric fireplace with portraits of mother and daughter mounted above on the wall. The chairs rested on a large leopard-print rug with matching throw pillows, which added a dash of much needed color. The hardwood floors gleamed against the streaming sunlight coming from the wide, floor to ceiling windows, which looked out into the city. In the distance was a view of the Strip.

So this was how the better half lived.

Opposite the sitting area, a bar with marble countertops and silver and black appliances fronted the biggest kitchen he’d ever seen.

While Jay took in the extravagance around him, a petite, older Latina woman came forward and grabbed the luggage from his hand then quietly disappeared down the hallway. He now felt silly standing there, watching the two women as they made their way to the sofa.

“Mamãe, por favor, diga-lhe para sair.”

Jay didn’t know what Rachelle had said, but his former trainer had spoken enough Portuguese around him to know that’s what she was speaking. Jay also picked up on the word ‘leave’ and it didn’t take much to decipher what was coming next.

Her mother glanced over at him as if she was noticing him for the first time. Her features were refined and her smooth, dark brown skin was almost ageless. She either had really good skin or must have been very young when she’d had her daughter. For the first time, he wondered about the girl’s father—a man who felt compelled to hire a babysitter for his grown daughter.

“What is your name?”

He focused his attention back on the woman speaking to him. Her accent was a bit more prominent.

“Jay.”

She cocked her head slightly to the side. “Jay what?”

“Just Jay.”

The woman narrowed her eyes and he understood now where the little princess had gotten that particular look from.

“Well, Just Jay, Paolo should be paying you for your services.”

From her expectant look, he wasn’t sure if she wanted him to say something so he didn’t. He didn’t know who the hell Paolo was, but after Felix extracted his “finder’s fee,” Jay fully expected to be paid for his time today. He glanced over at Rachelle, who had removed her shades, but still refused to look at him. Her once flushed, sweat-dampened face was now returning back to its natural, honey brown hue. Her dark, curly hair still hung wild and free around her face.

Now that he got to fully look at her, he realized she was pretty damn gorgeous. A shame… Beautiful face. Stunning body. Rancid personality.

“Okay, Jay. You can go now.”

Jay raised a brow at her mother’s dismissal. “With pleasure.” There wasn’t enough money to keep him there a second longer.

As soon as he got back to his truck, Jay pulled out his phone. His first call was going to be to his long-time friend and former training coach, Guillermo Delgado. Jay had really hoped to come through for Gil, but since this job wasn’t going to pan out, he wouldn’t be able to help complete the repairs at the gym—the place that had been a safe haven for Jay the moment he’d gotten serious about fighting.

Ultimately, it had been Gil’s pride and his reluctance to ask for help that had put him in this situation. A few neglected repairs over the years had snowballed into bigger damages until the gym was no longer functional. Not to mention the violations the city had slapped on the place.

With Gil’s training gym now closed, Gil was left with no means of income until he could meet the city codes and the lack of income was making it harder to get the repairs done. The situation was dire and Gil hadn’t even protested when Jay had offered to help. If anything, Gil had looked hopeful, reluctant to reach out to his sons or nephew for the financial support.

Jay cursed. He couldn’t just sit back and do nothing while the place was in serious danger of being shut down, but now he wouldn’t have the additional income he’d expected to help his friend. Jay scrolled through the contacts on his phone, but right before he could send the call, his phone rang.

It was the second person he had intended to call.

“Jay, man, what the hell did you do?”

Felix’s irritated voice burst through the phone and Jay almost laughed. The little princess wasted no time.

“Find someone else, Felix. I’m not going anywhere near that little brat.”

The other man’s annoyance was loud and clear over the line. “Jay, this is a big client. Couldn’t you have been just a little more civilized?”

“What did she say?” Jay asked out of curiosity.

“That you were a fucking asshole. And I’m paraphrasing.” Felix paused. “Why? Is there anything else I should know?”

“Nope.” For whatever reason, she hadn’t brought up his crass suggestion and neither would he. “And just for the record, she’s no angel.”

Felix made a frustrated sound. “She doesn’t have to be. She’s loaded, or rather her father is, and I don’t care if he’s the devil himself. You can’t go around treating our important clients like shit.”

Jay scoffed. “Well, her rich daddy can go find some other sucker to put up with her. I’m done.”

“Seriously, man? You mean to tell me you’re gonna let some rich girl get to you?”

“I dare you to spend just fifteen minutes with her,” Jay snapped. “Besides, she doesn’t want me around any more than I want to be there. So just pay me for today and we’ll call this shit show even.”

“Come on, Jay. Don’t be like that. I really need you on this. At least until the end of the week.”

Jay ground his teeth in irritation. “I don’t know how many ways I can say this, Felix. Pay me for the time I wasted today then find someone else for the job. I’m done.”





Chapter Three





“Babbo, I don’t want that jerk, or anyone, escorting me anywhere.”

Rachelle crossed her arms and settled deeper into the wide sofa. Her mother sat beside her and they both stared at her father, who stood gazing out of the large windows. Dusk had finally settled, leaving only the glitter of the city lights reflecting into their condo—or rather, the condo she lived in with her mother. For her father, this was just his second home. His real home was with his first family somewhere in the outskirts of Nevada.

He took another drag of his cigar, looking every bit the strong, authoritative Italian patriarch who was completely unfazed by her agitation. Her best friend, Mercedes, had once confessed to being scared of her father because she’d thought he was part of the mafia. She’d even admitted that she’d expected him to be wearing a pinstripe suit with ropes of gold chains, and smoking a cigar. Rachelle had found that hilariously ridiculous and after she’d scolded her friend for her silly stereotype, they’d had a good laugh over it. Her father may favor an occasional cigar—and did wear a pinky ring—but he was simply a businessman.

“Dia, I will not explain myself to you again. Until I can take care of this situation, you will not go anywhere alone.”

Rachelle pursed her lips. Her father had yet to explain this “situation” and his vagueness was irritating her. He tended to be elusive with her, even when he’d arranged her trip to Brazil six months ago. She generally brushed it off as part of his overprotective nature, but now she had no intention of giving up her newfound independence.

After her trip to Brazil, she had planned to break the news that she was getting her own place. It might not be as luxurious as the condo, but at least it would be her own. Now, whatever this “situation” was, might delay her plans because trying to reason with her father was like trying to talk to a stubborn bull. Nothing she said seemed to pierce through his hard head.

“I can take care of myself, Babbo. I don’t need someone constantly following me around.” Rachelle said.

Her father turned to face them, his light brown eyes softening. For a man in his sixties, he was still quite handsome, even with the grays now peppering his dark hair and the extra weight he’d put on over the years.

“I know you can, sweetie. But this is for my piece of mind.”

Rachelle wasn’t convinced. He got that same look on his face whenever he wanted to placate her. A part of her believe he was really just trying to stifle her again with another “escort” that reported everything back to him. But then, he looked tired and stressed enough for her to believe he was genuinely worried about something happening to her and her mother.

“Fine, but why him?” She wrinkled her nose.

Her father frowned. “Why? What did he do? Did he hurt you?”

Rachelle thought about telling them about his disgusting comment, but didn’t dare repeat the offensive words to her parents. Not only was it humiliating, but complaining to him about every little offense wouldn’t solve her bigger problem of having no escorts at all. He would only insist on finding a replacement, and perhaps someone more permanent.

“No,” she assured him. “He didn’t hurt me.”

“And he wouldn’t dare,” he said curtly. “He’s to drive you around and watch out for you when you go out. That’s it. If he tries anything else, you let me know.”

“But why can’t you have Bruce be my escort for the time being?” Not that Rachelle wanted any escort, but she knew Bruce and knew he would never disrespect her like Jay the Jerk had.

“Bruce is not in the best shape anymore. I need someone fit enough to protect you in case something happens and Paolo has assured me that this man is well trained to do that.”

“You keep saying that, Raffaele,” her mother cut in, worry sharpening her tone. “But what do you expect to happen?”

For a woman in her forties, Izabella Marie Silva could easily pass for someone barely in her thirties. Her mother’s Afro-Brazilian features were beautifully flawless and her dark hair was long and lustrous. Rachelle liked to think she had inherited those same qualities from her mother. She only wished she had inherited her mother’s height too. Growing up, her mother would fill her with stories of her time as a model—until her father had literally whisked her off her feet.

“Mía bella, it is nothing you need to worry about,” her father reassured them. “There has just been some trouble regarding that damn case Drew and Emilio got involved in with Robert Carrone’s bastard.”

Her mother pursed her lips, and her father immediately apologized. Rachelle herself was technically a bastard. Her parents had never hid the truth of their relationship from her. He and her mother had been together for nearly twenty-five years—a long time to keep one mistress. But her mother was more than that to her father and he would tell her that often. He wanted nothing more than to have them bear his name, but “circumstances” kept him from doing so. They never really talked about his other family and after a horrendous encounter between mistress and wife, her father had made no more attempts for Rachelle to get to know her brothers.

Rachelle had accepted a long time ago that her father’s place was with his wife and three sons and the times he spent with them at the condo were visits she had learned to treasure. She had never questioned her father’s love for her or her mother because it was undeniable. Rachelle just couldn’t understand how her mother could be satisfied with having a little less than half of him because she wasn’t.

“What kind of trouble?” her mother asked. “Is someone coming after us?”

Her father didn’t answer directly. “No one will get to you. The escorts are just a precaution.”

Rachelle vaguely recalled the money laundering case her father had been dragged into, along with a few others. She wasn’t familiar with the specifics since it had all happened right around the time of her stay in Brazil, but she remembered it had been serious enough that her father had faced the possibility of going to prison. Rachelle shuddered at the thought of her father being locked away like some animal. Instead, her half-brother, Emilio, had been charged for the crime and her father was trying his hardest to get him out.

“For you too, mía bella,” her father added. “You will not leave the condo without me or your own escort.”

“For how long?”

Her father heard the agitation in her mother’s voice and walked over to them. He sat beside her mother and pulled her hand into his. It was plain her parents were more in love than ever. When she was younger, her father would tell her the story of how he met and fell in love with her mother. There was always a sparkle in his light brown eyes when he did. Though their situation wasn’t ideal, Rachelle hoped to one day find the kind of love her parents had found in each other.

“This is only temporary, I promise. And just for my piece of mind.”

Her mother sighed. “Tomorrow, I had plans to attend a meeting at Royal Courts with a few others from the firm. Will that be a problem? Should we not be doing business with them?”

Ever since the success of her mother’s restaurant, Mia Bella, Rachelle had seen her mother flourish into a savvy businesswoman and was proud to see her get more involved in their small investment firm her father had established for them some time ago. Though co-ownership of Diamante Enterprises did allow her the same rights as her mother to get involved, Rachelle had no interest in sitting in meetings all day. She would leave that to her mother and the others who were part of the management team at their firm, which included her Uncle Paolo. Her plans were to start a business of her own someday. She just wasn’t yet sure of what kind.

“Paolo has assured me that it’s a good, clean investment,” her father said. “You have nothing to worry about. I will arrange for someone to accompany you there.” He paused. “Trust me, Bella. I just want to know you and Dia are safe when you leave here.”

The wariness hadn’t completely left her mother’s eyes, but in the end, she nodded. Her father brought her hand up to his lips then turned to her and made one last appeal.

“And you, mía piccolo diamante. Will you indulge your babbo?”

When he used that tone with her, Rachelle couldn’t refuse him anything. Often, whatever he said went, and he obviously felt strongly about this. Yet, he appeared to be in a cajoling mood and wasn’t going about it in his usual heavy-handed way, so she decided to propose a compromise.

“Okay, but promise me this is the last time, Babbo. I don’t want any more escorts.”

Her father stood and kissed her on top of her head. “We’ll discuss that later.”

Rachelle frowned, knowing full well that meant they more than likely would never discuss it. But that wouldn’t change anything. She didn’t need her father’s blessings and, as much as she loved him, she couldn’t take his overbearing and overprotective manners anymore. Hell, if she hadn’t tagged along with her best friend and her driving coach, Rachelle doubted she would have ever learned to drive. Though a small accident during one of their test drives had made Rachelle realize that she much preferred to have someone else drive her around.

But now, she’d had enough of her sheltered living and was ready to begin establishing a life of her own. She was twenty-three, damn it! It was time she got her own place, and once she did, Rachelle would start looking into starting a business of her own, just like her mother had done with her restaurant.

Excitement over her new plans soon made her forget her father’s paranoia. She would soon be free to live as she pleased, to come and go as she pleased, to have something to call her own. Her father would just have to accept that she wasn’t his “little diamond” anymore.

****

“Jay, where are you?”

Jay paused outside the door of the Ace of Clubs and frowned into the phone. But it was the excitement in Felix’s tone that filled Jay with suspicion. It had only been a few hours since he’d gotten off the phone with the man after happily bowing out of the Silva job. If Felix was calling about a new one already, Jay was prepared this time to ask some questions.

“I’m heading into a meeting. Why? What’s up?”

“A meeting?” Felix laughed. “Good one.”

Jay rolled his eyes. Though it wasn’t late enough yet for the night crowd to begin filling the place, he still took a few steps away from the entrance. The meeting he was going too wasn’t the kind Felix was thinking of but it was none of his business. Tonight, Jay would be meeting with Luke Acerra as a favor to his friend, David Carrone. Luke and his brothers were planning something big against David’s business—or so his friend believed—and he wanted to be one step ahead of them. Jay didn’t know what exactly Luke needed from him, but he would soon find out. Right after he got Felix off the phone.

“What do you need, Felix?”

“I have some great news.”

He paused for effect and Jay’s suspicions—and annoyance—rapidly increased.

“Spit it out.”

“Well, it seems like all is forgiven and our golden goose is going to keep you on.”

Jay cursed. Evidently, Felix couldn’t see past the dollar signs enough to get the message. “Look, I already told you—”

“I know, I know. But hear me out. This is a great opportunity for both of us. Her father is a very important man and we can make a lot of money if this turns out to be a permanent gig.”

“No.”

“Look, man. I’m gonna level with you. They already paid me and unfortunately I don’t have anyone as good as you.”

Jay wasn’t impressed by the offhanded compliment. And he didn’t particularly care who her father was. But for a moment, he wondered how much these clients were actually paying for this job. The little princess must be very important. Just the thought of dealing with her again made his head hurt.

“No.”

Felix sighed. “Come on, Jay. Do me this solid. I’m working on finding a replacement, but could you just give me a week? I’ll even double your rate. How does that sound?”

Jay was prepared to tell him not so politely what he could do with this job but stopped himself. Double the pay would do a lot. A whole lot. It would be enough to help with the gym repairs and cover him until his next job. He would be a fool to turn this down, but he muttered a curse at the thought of having to put up with the spoiled brat for a week.

“Fine, I’ll give you until Monday to replace me,” Jay said. “And I want it all upfront.”

“Damn Jay,” Felix exclaimed, but he didn’t bother to argue. “Okay. I’ll get it all together and be in touch tomorrow. Just don’t screw this up again.”

“Then be sure you have someone else to take over next week,” Jay retorted. “I won’t be responsible for my actions if she ends up missing…or muzzled.”

Felix scoffed. They both knew damn well he wouldn’t hurt a woman, but the image of her gagged did lighten his mood over the situation.

“Just be nice. Don’t talk to her unless you absolutely have to. They’re paying you to watch out for her, so just do that.”

Jay grunted. “Is there anything else I should know? Any problems I should look out for?”

“None that I know of. Her father just wants the best guy watching his precious little angel, and you were my first call.”

Jay rolled his eyes. “More like your last resort.”

Felix chuckled. He had a long list of professionally trained men who had to be better equipped to the task of bodyguards. Jay, on the other hand, had only been lending his “services” for the last two years, and all his skills came from what he’d learned in and out of the cage. Before he had taken on Felix as a sort of agent, he’d been picking up his own jobs. Some legal, some not so legal. But with the kind of money this job was paying, putting up with one week of hell didn’t sound all that bad.

“Maybe you were my last resort, but if you set aside your bullshit for a minute you’ll realize just how lucky you got it. You’re about to get a big payout to basically drive some rich girl around.”

Lucky? Fat fucking chance. Gamblers got lucky. Teenage boys got lucky. Hell, maybe even rabbits were born with lucky feet. But whatever success—or failure—he received in his life came from his own doing. Just like the decision to let go of his grudge long enough to watch over some ‘precious little angel’. Jay made his own fortune and never left anything in the hands of Lady Luck.





Chapter Four





Lucky, Lucky Lavender. Her favorite nail color.

Rachelle admired her nails under the early afternoon sun. Her manicure needed to be freshened up, but that didn’t matter. Today, she felt very lucky.

Today, she could possibly be closing the deal on her new apartment.

Rachelle had only been browsing to see what was out there, but when she’d seen the pictures of the high-rise loft apartment, she’d known it was for her. Then she had gotten a call not too long ago from the leasing agent that the apartment she’d been interested in was holding an open house later that day. The current occupants were looking for someone to take over the lease as soon as possible, so everything was moving quickly.

Rachelle was giddy with anticipation. From the pictures she’d seen, the luxury apartment appeared small but elegant and chic. It also included all the amenities she would need, was in a great location, and the rent was within her price range. This was a perfect opportunity she couldn’t pass up. The leasing agent had promised to call her back with the details and when she did, Rachelle would be ready. And once she had everything signed, she would break the news to her parents.

While she waited for the call, she would enjoy her time by the pool, under the hot July sun, with her best friend keeping her company. Only a few other residents lounged around the condo’s rooftop pool, and though it wasn’t an adequate replacement for the Brazilian shores, it would have to do.

“We should go out tonight.”

Her best friend, Mercedes Lee, turned to face her, her pretty, dark eyes widening in curiosity. Her friend had suggested that very thing to her not long ago, but Rachelle had brushed her off. Though she and Mercedes had been fast friends since their start at the exclusive, all-girls private high school, Rachelle wasn’t ready to tell her friend about the babysitter she’d once again been saddled with.

“I thought you couldn’t leave home? Else we could have been hanging out by the pool at my house.”

Rachelle didn’t appreciate the reminder. “I can do whatever I want. I just have to let my driver know.”

Just the thought of dealing with her new escort made her teeth grind and she seriously thought of canceling her nail appointment today—and avoiding all social functions for the rest of the week—just so wouldn’t have to deal with the big jerk. But she immediately balked at the thought. Self-imposed isolation wasn’t how she planned to spend her week, especially when she would be closing the deal on her new apartment soon and should be celebrating the first steps of her independence.

Mercedes leaned back in her lounge chair. “Okay then. How about we try out the Secret Garden?”

“What’s that?”

“Only the most popular spot in Vegas right now.”

“Is it a lounge?” At Mercedes’ quick nod, Rachelle shook her head. “No lounges. I feel like dancing tonight.”

“Then how about the Ace of Clubs? It’s gotten really popular since the last time we’ve been and it’s popping like every night.”

Rachelle remembered the nightclub well. It was where she had met her last serious admirer, Rome Acerra. Rome had been in love with her and she’d found his devotion sweet. He had been a few years older than her and had showered her with small gifts and poetry. Though he hadn’t been her boyfriend, she had certainly enjoyed all the attention he’d paid her and the lengths he’d gone through to win her over. Of course, his flowers and love notes hadn’t lasted long and she hadn’t been all that surprised or hurt by it. His twin brother owned a nightclub, for crying out loud. His infatuation would have attached itself elsewhere, sooner or later.

“It should be fun,” Mercedes added. “I’ll call the girls and see if we can turn this into a ‘welcome home’ party.”

Rachelle liked the sound of that. “Cool. Let’s do it. And be sure to get us bottle service. I want to be sure we get our own table.”

Mercedes nodded. “You got it.”

She could always count on Mercedes to throw a great party. Second to not dating much, Rachelle also didn’t have many close friends. She and Mercedes had been two of the handful of bi-racial girls in their graduating class, which had been a big part of them becoming fast friends. Though Mercedes was half Korean and half black, they had often been mistaken for sisters and since Rachelle’s parents hadn’t had any more children together, she never took offense. The idea of having a sister was nice. There were times when her father would whisk her mother away on one of his personal trips that their condo felt lonely. But now that she was used to it, she relished those moments of privacy. Yet the older she got, the fewer she seemed to have.

Rachelle tugged at the ends of her hair, shoving aside the frustrating thought. She had promised herself not to let anything sour her mood today. Besides, she had other pressing things to think about. Like what to do with her hair tonight.

“Mercedes, you’ll have to come back tonight and help me straighten my hair.”

Mercedes blew out a breath. “Why can’t you rock the curls tonight?”

“Because I want it straightened.” And there was no way her stylist, who turned into a diva when she didn’t follow his rules, would squeeze her in on such short notice. Not when her hair had completely reverted to its wild state. Though she loved her thick curls, she also loved the silky feel of her hair when it was straight.

“Fine, Chelle. But you better not bitch at me the whole time.”

Rachelle frowned at her friend’s attitude and tried not to snap. “I never bitch.”

Mercedes snorted. “You know how you get when you’re getting your hair done. Or when you’re not getting your way. I just don’t want you to get into one of your little moods tonight.”

“Well, when I ask someone to do something and they get it wrong, I have no problems letting them know it. That doesn’t mean I’m bitching.”

“Never mind,” Mercedes muttered with a slight shake of her head. “Forget I said anything.”

“No, we’re gonna talk about this. I don’t appreciate you making me sound…” Stuck-up.

Those were the very words her new escort had accused her of being and Rachelle resented it. She thought about yesterday and how arrogant and insulting he’d been to her. After their horrible first meeting, and the quick descent thereafter, of course she was going to let him have it. That didn’t mean she was stuck-up.

“I’m not saying you sound like a bitch,” Mercedes tried to assure her. “It’s just that you never really ask for anything. You tell people what to do and then get mad when they don’t do it or don’t do it the way you want it.”

“Jeez, Mercedes, if you don’t want to help me with my hair, just say so.” But Rachelle thought seriously about her friend’s words. She replayed the moment yesterday at the airport, trying to pinpoint the moment everything had gone wrong. It had been right after she’d asked him to take her bags and he’d refused. And she had asked—hadn’t she?

“Oh, stop being so dramatic. I said I’d help you, so I will.”

“Do you think I’m stuck up?” Rachelle blurted.

Mercedes shrugged. “Sometimes. Why?”

Rachelle frowned, annoyed by her friend’s casual admission. But what annoyed her most was that she would let what that jerk thought of her bother her at all. She needed to shrug off his words, but found it impossible to do.

“Chelle, who cares,” Mercedes said, shrugging at her obvious irritation. “You’re still a good person.”

Rachelle would like to think so. Some people just brought out her bad side, and her new escort, with all his insinuations and scorn, was definitely one of them. She jumped up from her lounge seat, needing a distraction.

“Come on. Let’s go for a swim.” At her friend’s bewilderment, Rachelle added. “Oh, wait. I forgot to ask.”

She dodged the towel her friend threw at her with a laugh and made her way to the deep end of the pool, fully intending to dive into the cool, clear water. Mercedes followed close behind her and sat on the edge of the pool, waiting as Rachelle untied the short, sheer white sarong from around her waist. Normally she wouldn’t bother with a wrap, but when she’d put on her favorite teal bikini, she’d been self-conscious about the little weight she’d put on during her trip.

“Damn Chelle, what happened to your ass?”

Rachelle frowned, turning to look behind her, half expecting to see a mark or something. “What?”

Mercedes laughed. “It’s huge. Did you get a Brazilian butt lift while you were down there?”

Rachelle rolled her eyes and sat beside her friend on the smooth, stone surface. The extra weight she’d put on, thanks to her Nana and too many brigadeiros, had mostly settled around her hips, butt, and thighs and she had hoped it wouldn’t be too noticeable. At least her stomach was still flat.

“My butt’s always been a little big.”

“I don’t know…” Mercedes drawled. “Maybe we should be at the gym instead of roasting here in the sun.”

“Oh, shut up,” Rachelle said, flipping water playfully at her. She had always been able to eat whatever she wanted without worrying about her weight and had never had to work out before. She had her mother’s genes to thank for that, but now she would have to start watching her diet and just the thought of that annoyed her.

Mercedes flung water back at her and soon they found themselves fully immersed in the cool water. They swam around for a bit, playing and racing each other. They reached the other end of the long pool, and hoisted themselves up on the edge. Their legs dangled in the water as Mercedes filled her in on the latest gossip.

“Oh my, God. I can’t believe I forgot to tell. Did you hear about Rome?”

Rachelle shook her head. “No, what?”

Mercedes lowered her voice as if she was divulging a dark secret. “He’s in jail.”

She stared at her friend, stunned. That was the last thing she’d expected to hear. “What? Why?”

Mercedes shrugged. “Something about money fraud or something big and serious.”

Rachelle shook her head, still in disbelief at what she’d just learned about the man who’d presumably had been in love with her. Thanks to her father’s overprotection, Rachelle hadn’t had much of a love life. But with someone constantly serving as a chauffeur or watchdog, it had been hard to build any kind of romantic relationship. Rome Acerra, however, had been persistent. Though she’d heard stories about his brothers and the shady business deals they were a part of, Rome had seemed different, nothing like the mean asshole his twin brother was rumored to be. That was the only reason Rachelle had even entertained his affections.

“I always wondered where he got the money to buy you all those things,” Mercedes added. “I guess now we know.”

Rachelle inclined her head. Had she known a criminal lived behind that gentle smile, she would have kept him at a much farther distance. She had only had one serious boyfriend in her life—or one she considered serious given her circumstances. She had just turned sixteen and was grateful she had kept their relationship a secret from her parents since it had barely lasted six months. Her teenage sweetheart had ultimately moved away, leaving her crushed. But when she’d been unable to hide her misery, she had eventually confided in her mother about the short-lived relationship. To her surprise, her mother hadn’t been angry. Instead, she’d consoled her, and eventually Rachelle had gotten over him. It had taken another year after for her to realize that she had loved the idea of him and being in a relationship more than she had loved him.

After that, dating had been low on her priority list. Until she found the guy that deserved her, she would take the flattery and attention from her admirers and not waste her time with anything else.

At the opposite end of the long pool, a large figure in dark jeans and a black shirt stood staring at them. The longer she stared, the sooner she realized who it was.

Damn it.

He began walking toward them and Rachelle cursed again. Couldn’t she have just one moment where she didn’t have to be reminded of her forced imprisonment? She had managed to forget about him and her situation and now he strode toward her with long-legged, determined strides. Her eyes stayed on him as he drew near. Mercedes followed her line of vision and sucked in her breath. He certainly had that effect on her too, though she was better at hiding it. Rachelle might not like him, but she had to admit that he was dangerously sexy. Everything about the way he moved—from the way he swaggered toward them in such a masculine gait to the way his biceps flexed slightly when they swayed at his side—screamed confidence, power, and strength. Those were qualities Rachelle found highly attractive in a man, but she certainly wouldn’t let him know that.

“Who is that?” Mercedes breathed, her attention still focused on the large man coming toward them.

Rachelle kept her eyes on him, trying to force indifference in her tone while admiring the way his black shirt molded around his muscular frame.

“That’s my new driver. Jay the Jerk.”

****

Jay kept his gaze trained on Rachelle Silva in her barely there bikini and forced himself to get a grip. He’d seen plenty of women in a two-piece before.

But none of them looked like her.

The greenish-blue material, held together by a bit of string, covered her essential lady parts, yet still left enough exposed for him to practically picture her naked. Her long, dark curly hair hung down past her shoulders and her honey brown skin practically glowed in the sun. As he drew closer, the bright glint at her navel winked at him and he stared at the small ring dangling against her smooth belly, incapable of looking anywhere else.

When he reached her side, she shielded her eyes with a hand and squinted up at him. He was glad he wore shades. He could freely admire what she had on display without getting caught. And from he saw, she really needed to be put under lock and key. If she could read the thoughts floating in his head right now—

“What do you want?”

Jay kept his expression neutral. This was the first time he’d spoken to her since the fiasco yesterday and he was determined to be civilized, even if she wasn’t.

Even if it killed him.

“Just checking in.”

“I don’t need you to check up on me. I just need you to drive me around.”

Jay gritted his teeth at the sharpness in her tone. He had been prepared to give her the benefit of the doubt, thinking maybe the long travel yesterday and sweaty car ride had put her in such a sour mood. Apparently, her attitude sucked no matter what time of day it was.

Well, at least he’d tried.

“Whatever you want, princess,” he drawled, forcing a smile on his lips.

She wrinkled her nose. “I told you not to call me that.”

“You said a lot of things. Guess a meathead like me can’t keep it all straight.”

Her friend sitting beside her on the edge of the pool quickly glanced from him to her, amused bewilderment on her pretty face. Rachelle, however, glanced away from him and he was left staring at the top of her head.

“Anyway. Just make sure you have the air in your car fixed today because I have a nail appointment later, and then my friends and I are going out tonight.”

Jay frowned down at her. The first thing he’d done that morning was get the air conditioner in his truck working again so that wasn’t a problem. His problem now was how he was going to be in two places at once. He hadn’t anticipated her wanting to go out tonight and had a job to run for the Acerras, one he couldn’t pass up on since it confirmed his friend’s suspicions that the brothers were indeed planning something big against his company. And now he had to deal with this. It irked him to think he was literally at this girl’s beck and call.

“What time is your nail appointment?” Maybe he could get a few things sorted out for tonight while she kept herself busy.

She didn’t bother looking at him when she asked, “What time is it now?”

He checked his cell phone. “A little after twelve.”

“Shoot!” She sprang up from her seat on the side of the pool. Her body still glistened with water, and he almost missed her next words. “We need to get there in fifteen minutes or I’m gonna be late.”

Rachelle grabbed a sheer wrap from the ground and tied it around her waist. She rushed over to the wooden lounge seats, her friend following close behind her. The girl threw him a wink and small wave but Jay’s eyes were on Rachelle and the nice view of her ass. She bent over to gather her things and he could make out every lush curve. His cock twitched at the sight. The flimsy material covering her was a joke.

“What are you waiting for?” she demanded. “Come on.”

Jay kept some distance between him and the two women as he followed after them, trying to ignore the gentle sway of Rachelle’s hips. She was the kind of temptation he should be running far from. Not only was she a client, she was an infuriating one.

“Chelle, how is he a jerk? I think he’s hot.”

Jerk, huh. A smile tugged at Jay’s lips. If her friend had intended to whisper that confession, she failed miserably.

“Shh!” Rachelle quickly glanced back at him then leaned close to her friend. He didn’t pick up her whispered reply.

They all stepped into the small elevator, but Jay didn’t bother to move when his arm brushed against hers. There was plenty of room in the elevator for her to step away. He found it interesting when she didn’t. Instead, she threw him an annoyed look, but ignored him, continuing her conversation with her friend during the elevator ride down to her floor.

Without her heels, she was much shorter than he’d expected. He stood six-five and she barely cleared his shoulder. Under the bright lights of the elevator, he could see her clearly and found her even more stunning with her face clean of any make-up. Her dark brows were nicely arched, and her lashes were naturally thick. If only her insides mirrored her outsides, she would have been flawless.

But he lived in the real world where perfection didn’t exist.

Jay continued to stare down at her through his shades and she continued to ignore him. Her friend, however, was giving him some heavy duty signs that he chose to ignore. She wasn’t the first rich girl who saw the muscles and tattoos and felt the need to flirt with danger. He wasn’t in the mood in becoming anyone’s test drive.

“Hi. I’m Mercedes.” She extended her hand to him.

He didn’t miss the way Rachelle’s lips tightened when he took Mercedes’ hand in his. “Jay.”

“So, Jay,” Mercedes began, giving him a wide grin, “will you be coming out with us tonight?”

“He’s just driving us there, Mercedes.”

Jay ignored Rachelle’s sharp retort. “Yeah, I’ll be there.” He could have sworn he heard her teeth grinding and tried not to laugh.

****

Rachelle walked out to the living room to find Jay staring at the pictures hanging about the electric fireplace. He stood directly in front of a large portrait of her at three or four years old. In the photo, she had on a pretty pink and white flower tulle dress with tiny pink bows tangled in her wild curls, along with a diamond tiara. A small, pink purse with long straps draped over her slender shoulders and she flashed the biggest smile her little cheeks could muster. Rachelle didn’t remember posing for the picture, but it was her parent’s favorite of her and it had once been hers, too. But now she wondered if that was all her parents saw when they looked at her.

She wondered what Jay saw as he stared at the photo. Just a little princess, no doubt.

“Okay, I’m ready.”

Jay turned to her, his expression unreadable. If he was annoyed that she had kept him waiting, he would just have to deal with it. There was no way she was leaving the apartment without a shower first, but she’d been mindful of the time, throwing on the first thing she had pulled from her closet—berry-colored skinnies and a yellow off-the-shoulder top. She hadn’t even taken the time to let her hair completely dry. Now it sat on top of her head in a damp, messy bun.

“Cute pic.”

His compliment took her by surprise, but she didn’t read any sarcasm in it. “Thanks.”

“Where’s your dad?”

Rachelle tensed, unprepared for the question. How did she explain to this stranger that pictures of them all together didn’t exist because she and her mother were only her father’s second family? Easy, a small voice reminded her. You don’t.

“He’s camera shy. Now can we go?”

He inclined his head, but said nothing else. Their silent descent to the building lobby grated on her nerves. She wished Mercedes had been able to come with her. She didn’t want to be left alone with him and his brooding presence. But then again, her friend’s fawning over him had been annoying. Even a lunch date with her grandparents hadn’t stopped Mercedes from lingering a bit longer to flirt with him.

They finally emerged from the elevators and Rachelle headed for the doors. She smiled as the young doorman in his dark gray uniform held them open for her.

“Thanks Glenn.” She regretted her snub of him yesterday and knew she needed to apologize. “Sorry about yesterday, by the way. I had a really bad headache and was in a hurry to get home.” It wasn’t a complete lie, but she didn’t look at Jay when she offered the man her excuse. Besides, another hour in Jay’s company would have certainly left her head pounding.

Glenn’s eyes softened with sympathy. “No worries, Ms. Silva. I figured it had been a long trip for you. I hope you’re feeling better this afternoon.”

“Much better, thank you.”

When they got to his truck, Jay opened the passenger door for her and made his way around to the driver side, not bothering to help her inside the truck. That was fine by her. This time she was better prepared, wearing her wedged sandals so that she could better climb into his beast of a car.

She looked down and was surprised to see some sort of step board attached to the truck. She paused and stared at it, a small smile pulling at her lips. He was trying to be considerate, she realized. When had he found the time to get this done? It was truly thoughtful of him. Maybe he wasn’t so bad after all…

“Today, princess.”

Rachelle narrowed her eyes at the sharp command then hoisted herself into the truck. She gave him the name and address of the salon as he pulled into the street. They drove in silence for a few minutes when his cell rang. At a stoplight, he flipped it open and pressed a few buttons, alternating his gaze between the road and the phone as he texted.

“You should look into getting those hands-free things for your phone. Or maybe a Bluetooth,” she added, studying him.

Jay glanced over at her before slipping his phone back into his pocket. “Yeah, I’ll do that.”

He kept his eyes on the road and with his shades, she couldn’t see his expression to make out whether he was taking her serious or not. She shrugged, not letting his abruptness bother her.

“I think a Bluetooth would be perfect for you.”

“And why is that?”

“Well, for one thing, you could keep that hideously old phone out of sight.” She wrinkled her nose. “Do they even make flip phones anymore?”

His bark of laughter surprised—and annoyed—her. What was so damn funny?

“God, could you stop being a snob for just one second?”

Her back stiffened and she crossed her arms under her breast, which forced the seat belt closer against her. “I’m not a snob. I just like nice things. What’s wrong with that?” Remembering what Mercedes had told her earlier, she echoed, “That doesn’t make me a bad person.”

He laughed again and it only grated more on her nerves. Like everyone else in her life, he obviously didn’t take her seriously.

“No, it makes you a conceited, self-centered snob. There are people out here with real problems and real issues, who could use the money you spend on shoes and bags and whatever else to pay for serious things like rent and food. But only pretty, shiny things matter to you.” He scoffed. “It may not make you a bad person, but it doesn’t make you a very good one either.”

That stung. Rachelle kept her gaze straight ahead, refusing to let him see how much his words hurt. He didn’t know anything about her, and she didn’t appreciate him lumping her into some list that condemned anyone who had money and wasn’t ashamed to show it.

“Just because I have nice things doesn’t mean that’s all I care about. I go to charity events and donate every—what? Why the hell are you laughing?”

“I never understood those so-called charity events. Why throw a party for the already rich just because they’re helping those less fortunate than them? Why not just send a check?”

Rachelle narrowed her eyes at him. “No matter what I say, you would never understand.” She may be far from a philanthropist, but at least she made an effort to give back and she wouldn’t let Jay’s self-righteousness make her feel as if she wasn’t doing enough.

“Anyway, what about you and this truck?” She gestured around the wide cabin of the truck. “You obviously like big, shiny things and this thing can’t be good for the environment, but that doesn’t seem to stop you from driving around and killing our ozone layer. You don’t hear me jumping down your throat about global warming and whatnot.”

“I do now,” he muttered. “Besides, it’s not the same thing. I can’t drive just anything. I’m a big guy, princess.” He glanced at her, a sly grin curving his lips. “Whatever I ride needs to be able to handle me.”

Rachelle’s back stiffened and she automatically glanced down at his lap, thankful for the shades that kept her eyes hidden. He may have been talking about his truck, but her mind had certainly wandered… He was a big guy. Was all of him proportionate to the rest of him? The thought left her flustered and her cheeks burning.

“Don’t get all shy on me, princess. I was just talking about my truck.”

“I know that,” Rachelle snapped, her face growing warmer. Gritting her teeth at the amusement still plain in his voice, she swung her gaze back to the road that stretched ahead.

“Good. Now if you just sit back and relax, you might enjoy the ride.”

She turned to him again, frowning. If she indeed had a wandering mind, she had him to thank. “I’m not stupid, Jay. I know what you’re really talking about.”

She didn’t miss the sly smirk on his hard-edged face.

“What?” he asked with false innocence. “I’m just saying, it might look big and rough, but it’s nothing you can’t handle.”

She narrowed her eyes. He thought he was so cute. Tightening her arms around herself, she turned away from him and stared straight ahead.

“You’re such a jerk,” she muttered.

He chuckled. “So I’ve heard.”





Chapter Five





“What’s taking so long?”

Rachelle didn’t bother looking up at him as she surveyed the display of new nail polish colors. She already knew what color she was going to get, but it was a routine of hers to look anyway. She enjoyed the ritual of getting pampered and looked forward to the indulgence. This was one of her favorite places, with its warm decor and tranquil atmosphere and her hulk of an escort was messing up her vibe.

“See, this is why I told you to wait in the car.” She picked up a rustic orange color and studied it closely. Maybe I’ll try you in the fall.

“We’ve been here for twenty minutes, and we’re still standing here.”

“That’s because the manicurist I want isn’t available yet.” She was annoyed Nok had taken another client in place of her appointment, but there was nothing Rachelle could do about it now but wait.

“Can’t you reschedule?”

“Nope. I can’t go out tonight with my nails looking like this.”

Jay made a harsh sound in his throat. She finally turned to him, taking pity. They were the only two standing in the waiting area of the luxury nail salon and spa. Jay with his bulk and tattoos seemed so out of place there. He had to be bored and uncomfortable just waiting around for her, though her previous escorts never seemed to mind. If they had, they’d never been this vocal about it.

“If you’re not going to wait in the car then at least let me treat you to a manicure,” she offered. He stared down at her as if she’d said something inexcusably obscene. She tried not to laugh. “Guys get manicures too, you know.”

“Well, I’m not that guy.”

Rachelle rolled her eyes. Without thinking, she grabbed his hand to examine his nails. Maybe a candid assessment would get him to change his mind. But she wasn’t prepared for the soft tingle that ran along her fingers at the casual touch. She kept her head down, avoiding his gaze, as she tried to shake off the unfamiliar sensation.

His hand was big, his palm rough and his fingers wide and long and she couldn’t help brushing her fingers along his calloused palm. His hands were definitely manly, but they were nice for a guy, even with the faded scars across his knuckles. His nails were also surprisingly clean, though a little buffing and filing wouldn’t hurt. She glanced up at him to tell him just that, but at his intense gaze, her breath caught. There was something raw and hungry in his clear blue eyes. They had darkened a shade and they bore into her as if he wanted to—

“Ms. Silva?”

Rachelle dropped his hand as if it was hot to the touch and turned to the young salon hostess standing across the room.

“Nok’s ready for you now. I’ll take you to her.”

Rachelle nodded and turned back to Jay, though she found it hard to stare directly at him. “You really don’t have to come back there with me.”

Jay eyed the long hallway lined with rows of private nail rooms. He rubbed the back of his neck. “How long will you be?”

She shrugged. “An hour, maybe.”

He looked undecided for a moment, as if he was weighing a heavy decision.

“It’s okay. You don’t have to follow me everywhere.”

“Okay, I’ll be back in an hour. Don’t leave here without me,” he ordered.

“Yes, sir,” she said curtly, annoyed at his reminder that he was virtually her watchdog.

He stared at her for a moment longer, his dark blonde brows pulling together slightly, then he left without another word.

Rachelle spent the next half hour chatting with her manicurist and trying to forget that brief, awkward moment with Jay. When she was around him, she really wasn’t herself. He wasn’t even her type and yet she couldn’t stop thinking about how it would feel to have those rough hands rubbing down her waist…between her thighs…

“Rachelle, honey, you’re looking a little flushed. Are you too hot?”

“Huh?” Rachelle looked up at the pretty Asian woman, her face burning with embarrassment at the thoughts that had been swirling in her mind only seconds ago. Rachelle racked her brain for an excuse for her suddenly flushed cheeks, but couldn’t think of any. “Uh, no Nok, I’m fine. Thanks.”

Soft ringing came from her purse and Rachelle release a breath of relief. A much needed distraction.

“Do you want me to get that?” Nok asked, recapping the bottle of top coat protector.

“Yes, please.” Nok rummaged through her designer bag then pulled out her phone. Rachelle squeaked in delight when she saw the number on the screen. “Answer it!”

When Nok put the phone on speaker, Rachelle leaned toward it.

“Rachelle?”

“Yes?”

“This is Amy Ashe from Clear Meadows Leasing.”

Once they got the pleasantries out of the way, Rachelle waited for the other woman to get to the point. She was really looking forward to signing for the apartment today.

“I’m sorry that this is last minute, but we were hoping you would be free today to come by, meet the owners and view the apartment?”

“Yes! What time?”

“Is there any chance you could come by now?”

Rachelle looked over at Nok who raised a thin brow in curiosity. “Right now?”

“Yes. The owners are flying out tonight and won’t be back for a few weeks. I totally understand if you can’t make it. If the apartment is still available, we can always schedule something when they get back.”

Rachelle didn’t miss the underlying message. That was a big if and it was either a sales ploy to get her there fast or they could really have others interested in the place. It was a prime apartment and great deal that Rachelle didn’t want to miss out on. But her nails were barely dry, and Jay wasn’t around. Suddenly it dawned on her that she didn’t even have Jay’s cell number. And he wasn’t due back in another half hour. Damn it.

“I just need to wait for my driver but I can be there in about an hour.”

Amy hesitated before answering. “Or, if you don’t mind, we can have our driver pick you up? Where are you?”

Rachelle bit her lip. She had told Jay she wouldn’t leave here without him but maybe if she left Nok the address of the apartment, he could meet her there. The perfect solution.

“All right.”

Rachelle recited the salon’s address to the leasing agent, and within five minutes a black car pulled up out front. It was a short drive to the luxury apartments and that was another plus. She would potentially be living minutes away from her favorite nail salon. Rachelle made her way up to the loft apartment and was greeted by Amy and the two owners. Inside, the apartment was more impressive in person with its high ceilings and large windows. The pictures she’d viewed online did not do it justice. It wasn’t as big as her mother’s condo, but for her, it was more than enough space.

The owners, an older gay couple, seemed pleasant enough and they also seemed to like her as a potential tenant. Everything was set and all she had to do now was wait for the lease to be drawn up. For a moment, the lavishness of the apartment made her think of Jay’s snide comment about her being spoiled, but she quickly shook the thought away. He didn’t know her. Every year she committed herself to attending several charity dinners and she had one she was attending this fall for abandoned and disadvantaged children. So what the hell did he know?

On her way out, Rachelle shook the owners’ hands and said her goodbyes. Amy had requested the driver to return to her, but she went downstairs half expecting Jay to be waiting down out front for her with his truck. He wasn’t and she wasn’t sure if she could be annoyed, disappointed or relieved.

A black livery car pulled up to her and a short, swarthy man got out. He was wearing dark shades and a cheap suit. He pulled open the passenger door and looked at her expectantly.

“Rachelle Silva?”

“Yes…?” She hesitated, an uneasy feeling crawling over her. She didn’t know what it was about him—maybe it was his rumpled uniform or the extremely dark shades, or the fact that he looked nothing like the sweet old man who had picked her up from the salon earlier—but she was reluctant to go anywhere near that man.

“I’m here to take you home, ma’am.”

She gave him another once over. “I’m sorry, but who sent you again?”

“The company. Now would you just get in the car? Please,” he added as an afterthought.

“Which company?”

The man paused, then took a step toward her. Rachelle took a step back.

“Look lady,” the man bit out. “We need to get going. Get in the car.”

Rachelle’s back drew up. There was no way she was going anywhere near him or his car. “I think you should go.”

He didn’t look too happy about her suggestion, but before he could say anything a big, black truck pulled up behind him. Rachelle had never been more relieved to see that truck.

Jay jumped out and came around the front. She turned back to the rude man, but before she could let him know that her ride was here, he bolted to his car and peeled off.

She didn’t understand what the hell just happened, but she was so glad to see Jay the urge to rush to him was overwhelming. Instead, she calmly walked over to the passenger side of his truck where he stood. She wanted to smile at him for coming to get her in time, but his hard glare stopped her.

“You said you wouldn’t leave without me. Is pissing me off some kind of game for you?”

Rachelle frowned. She had been in such a good mood a few minutes ago. Between him and that rude creepy driver, that was fast becoming a faded memory. She just couldn’t win with him.

“Yeah, that’s it. Since I have nothing better to do with my time, I decided I’d make your life hell.”

He glared down at her for a moment, the muscles in his jaw flexing. Then he yanked the passenger door open. “Get in.”

They drove in tense silence.

When her phone rang, Rachelle almost ignored it, but the name of the screen changed her mind. “Amy?”

“Rachelle, I just wanted to be sure you made it home safely.”

“Thanks. I’m almost there.” She was also a little disappointed that this was just a courtesy call. She was eager to get her new lease signed.

“I’m relieved,” Amy said. “Luis was worried when he couldn’t find you.”

“Luis?”

“The driver who picked you up from the salon. I didn’t know you had already arranged a ride and I had Luis come back for you. But it was my mistake. I’m glad to hear you’re almost home.”

Rachelle’s mind raced, “Yes, my driver came to get me,” was all she could manage.

“Good. I’ll be in touch about the lease.”

Rachelle ended the call and glanced over at Jay. His attention was directed on the road, and she debated whether to tell him about the rude driver in the wrinkled suit. No, he would probably just raise his damn brow and blame her for leaving the salon without him in the first place. And if he decided to report the incident to her father, her parents would never let her leave the condo.

Rachelle shoved her anxiety aside and turned to look out the window, her hands clenched on her lap. The whole bizarre thing was probably just a mix-up. There was no one trying to hurt her, and she wouldn’t start getting paranoid like her father.

Yet, try as she might, it was hard for her to shake the chilling thoughts of what might have happened if she had gotten into that car…





Chapter Six





Jay was ready to get going.

He stood by the hotel room door and watched as his friend, David Carrone, confronted Luke Acerra’s hired con. Because Jay hadn’t been privy to the details of the woman’s plan, he had arranged for them to meet at Royal Courts. Luckily for David, she hadn’t gotten far with the “package” she’d been hired to collect and Jay could now consider his favor to his friend fulfilled.

“What did she get?”



Jay nodded toward the small desk. “Hard drive. It’s over there.”

David walked over to it and picked up the small device then shot the woman a mean glare. For a minute, Jay felt sorry for the woman. He knew his friend enough to know she wasn’t in any physical harm, but not enough to anticipate what plans David had for her. Their friendship hadn’t been formed under normal circumstances, but then again, none of Jay’s lasting friendships were. Had it not been for a botched robbery outside of the gun range he often visited, a friendship between him and David would have never existed. But as it turned out, David was more street sharp then Jay figured him to be, and more importantly, they understood each other.

“What do you want me to tell Luke?” Jay asked. The man expected him to bring the “package” tonight, but since that wasn’t obviously going to happen, Jay needed to be prepared with a story.

David slipped the small hard drive into his pocket. “Nothing yet.”

That didn’t sit well with Jay. They wouldn’t be able to pull off this charade if he showed up empty handed. “He’s expecting me to bring him something.”

“Tell them whatever you need to. I plan to take care of this before you meet with him.”

Jay hoped his friend did. With the kind of work he did, it wasn’t in his best interest to make enemies. He glanced from David to the now silent woman still sitting on the edge of the bed.

“Okay. Then you’re cool?”

“Yeah.” David turned to her. “Tena and I go way back. Right, sweets?” She didn’t respond, but that didn’t seem to faze David. “Don’t worry. I can handle her.”

With that, Jay quickly made his way out of the luxury casino resort. The resort was every bit as lavish as its name indicated, and Jay felt most out of place walking through the grand lobby and across the marble floors. He passed a large waterfall flowing down into a wide fountain and remembered why he tended to avoid places like Royal Courts.

It drew a crowd. The kind of people that had too much money and time on their hands. Very much like his current charge, Jay thought ruefully. His friend’s casino resort was made for people like Rachelle Silva and he could easily imagine her frequenting a place like Royal Courts. At the thought of his next problem, Jay increased his strides.

Once he made it to his truck, he called Rachelle’s cell, but received no answer. After the debacle earlier that day, he’d made sure she had a way of reaching him but that didn’t mean she would. He was still pissed with himself for giving her the benefit of the doubt, thinking she would do as she agreed and wait for him. But instead of waiting like she’d agreed, she ventured off to some apartment for God knows what. He had some ideas, but none he wanted to think about long enough.

He tried her phone again, but when it went to voicemail, he tried her condo. No answer there. Jay cursed. Not this again. Why did she have to make this difficult? She really was trying to push his buttons. Maybe if she had noticed the car following them earlier that afternoon and the longer route he’d taken back to her apartment, she would actually let him do his job. He couldn’t be sure if the black sedan had actually been tailing them, but the whole incident had left him a bit uneasy. And now, this made it twice in one day that she had decided to ignore him and go off on her own.

With some help from her doorman and some asking around, Jay managed to track her down at the last place he wanted to be seen in.

The Ace of Clubs.

Of all the damn clubs in Vegas, the little idiot would decide to go there. There would be some difficult questions to answer if Luke Acerra found him there since Jay was supposed to be out collecting his damn “package.”

Jay made his way through the dark, noisy club, torn between yelling or strangling her the moment he found her. He may have been a bit late coming to get her and her friend, but not so much that she had to head out without him just so she could shake her ass. Between being Luke’s errand boy and babysitting Rachelle, Jay couldn’t decide which he hated most.

He finally managed to track her down in the VIP section of the crowded club. It was a wide space on the second level, crowded enough that it looked like its own private club.

Yet, despite the bodies milling around the dance floor and tables, Rachelle was easy to spot. Her hair was now bone straight and hanging down one side of her shoulder. The shimmery blue dress seemed to cling to her body like a jealous lover and her exposed shoulder sparkled in the dark club.

She was laughing with the other women around her, and he was mesmerized by how especially beautiful she was when she did that. She didn’t do much laughing when she was with him. Most of their conversations involved her snapping at him that he never realized how much her face lit up when she did. She was already a beautiful woman, but tonight, she was breathtaking.

Jay was so drawn to her that it took him a moment to notice Mercedes waving him over. He lifted his chin in acknowledgment and headed toward their table. Mercedes tapped Rachelle on the arm and pointed in his direction. Rachelle stared for a second then turned away and continued her conversation. He hadn’t expected any excitement from his presence, but damn if her cold disregard didn’t annoy him. If she wanted to continue her little tantrum from earlier, so be it. But he would be damned, if he’d let her ignore him.

Once he reached her table, all eyes turned to him and Rachelle’s attempt at ignoring him failed miserably when her friends all fell silent.

“Rachelle, we need to talk.”

“Later.”

He gritted his teeth at the way she tried to wave him away. “No. Now.”

Jay ignored the women staring from him and back at her, gawking at them like they were some kind of melodramatic soap opera. Which they might as well be. With her, nothing was ever simple and he was fully prepared to haul her from the table the longer she sat there glaring at him. But to his surprise, she eventually slid out of the booth, forcing the other women out of their seats. He took her arm and pulled her to a quieter spot on the floor, away from her friends’ watchful gazes.

The skin under his palm was silky smooth and soft, much like her hand when she had grabbed his earlier. Her touch had taken him by surprise, but not as much as the warm spark that had prickled under his skin and throughout his body. He had wanted her before, but after that small, simple touch, his need had only magnified.

When they were far enough away, he turned to her and she pulled her arm from his grip. At full view, he realized the dress hugged around her body so snugly, he could vaguely make out the outline of her belly button ring. And he hadn’t been delusional. Her golden brown skin sparkled like it had been dusted with fine glitter. She smelled good too. Like sexy sweetness. Whatever it was, it had his pulse racing. His gaze fell to her glossy lips and, in that moment, he would have given anything to know if her lips were as soft as her hands.

“What?” she demanded.

He frowned, shaking off the distracting thoughts, then he leaned close so she could hear him over the loud music. “I’m not even going to ask why you chose to leave without me. Again. But for the rest of the night, could you try to work with me here and let me do my job?”

“And what is that exactly? Because you seem to be forgetting your place.”

Jay clenched his jaw. There goes the self-centered snob he was getting used to. “Look, they’re not paying me enough to take this shit from you, so could you stop being difficult for one fucking night? Just let me do my job and by next week we won’t ever have to see each other again.”

She glared up at him. “We don’t have to wait that long. How much is my father paying you? I’ll double it right now if you promise to get the hell out of my face!”

He was really getting tired of this. The petty bickering, the nasty comebacks. He’d never argued so much with anyone in his life. He would much rather join a good fight in the cage over this any damn day. He shook his head and glanced away from her for a moment, praying for patience. He caught a glimpse of a familiar figure in black, thigh-high boots and frowned. He stared closely, puzzled to find her making her way through the club. The last place he’d left her was in a hotel room in Royal Courts.

So what the hell was she doing here?

Jay cursed. Just one more bullshit he had to deal with tonight. She was no doubt going to see Luke Acerra, but there was no way Jay could let that happen. Not before he knew where the hell David was and how the hell he’d let her slip from his grasp.

“Friend of yours?” Rachelle drawled.

Jay glanced down at her and shook his head in exasperation. He leaned down and said close to her ear, “Just stay where I can see you, princess.” He didn’t bother to wait for one of her eloquently delivered insults. Instead, he made his way to the woman who now stood frozen across the club, the sharp daggers of Rachelle’s glare following close behind him.

****

Rachelle glared after Jay as he went over to the black woman wearing a tight, dark dress and thigh-high boots. The woman was practically spilling out of her top. Rachelle hadn’t thought about it before, but she hadn’t figured Jay to go for the slutty looking types. Once Jay reached the other woman’s side, he leaned down close. The woman was clearly familiar with him, because she didn’t move away when Jay took her arm. Rachelle turned away from them and headed back to her table. She didn’t care what his type was. He certainly wasn’t hers.

And it wasn’t like she was purposely trying to get under his skin. When Mercedes had shown up at her condo with some of their other girlfriends and Jay had been nowhere in sight, they suggested they all ride together. There was no way Rachelle was going to insist they wait for her “driver” like some kid who couldn’t leave home with her chaperone. Besides, it wasn’t her responsibility to wait on him.

She needed another drink.

Her friends kept the drinks coming and for the rest of the evening, she tried to ignore the icy blue eyes watching her. There was no way she was going to let him ruin her night. But try as she might, she couldn’t stop her gaze from sliding over to where he stood, leaning against the wall. His slutty friend was nowhere near, but he still kept his distance. That didn’t change her awareness of him, however, as he watched her from across the dim, noisy nightclub.

Rachelle finished her drink in one swallow. He told her to stay where he could see her, and since he was watching, she decided she might as well give him a show.

She leaned over to Mercedes and shouted over the music, “Come on. Let’s dance.”

Rachelle didn’t bother to tug down her short, metallic blue dress as she pulled Mercedes to the dance floor. The dress molded around her curves and she was glad to flaunt them in front of him. She’d give him something to watch.

She and Mercedes began to move to the sound of the fast club music. Rachelle rolled her hips to the heavy bass, running her hands through the silky straight strands of her hair. Mercedes pulled her close and they began dancing together.

“So what’s the story with Jay,” Mercedes said into her ear.

Rachelle glanced over at him. He was still watching them, his piercing gaze staring at her from across the room. She turned back to her friend, whose dark eyes held more than a little interest and Rachelle tried to suppress her annoyance.

“Why?” Rachelle asked. “He’s not your type.” He wasn’t her type either. Lean arms, a nice head of hair, and a sexy smile were what Rachelle found attractive. Jay’s arms were like tanks, his hair was cropped low, and he almost never smiled. So why did she keep finding herself drawn to him?

“Yeah, but look at him. And those arms…” Mercedes giggled. “He looks like he could be a lot of fun, and that is definitely my type.”

Rachelle shrugged. “I wouldn’t know.” He certainly hadn’t shown her that side of him. When he wasn’t ignoring her, he was barking orders at her.

“Then you should find out,” Mercedes murmured before pulling away, still giggling.

They continued dancing, putting on a show for all those on the sidelines watching. She stole a peek over to where Jay stood and found that he had moved closer, away from the wall. Their eyes collided and he regarded her with a cool, calm intensity that left her very aware of her body. Feeling daring, she couldn’t help but gift him with what she hoped was a seductive smile then she bent over slightly and wiggled her ass at him. His eyes narrowed, his eyebrows drawing together as he stared fixedly at her body. Rachelle laughed softly, a wicked thrill passing through her at her small victory. Finally, she’d gotten him to lose that stupid indifferent expression. She winked at him then turned away and continued her dancing. Let him get a taste of how it felt to be ignored.

Turned out, however, her dancing had gotten more attention than she realized because suddenly she and Mercedes were sandwiched between two overzealous men. One pulled up behind Mercedes as a pair of firm hands lay heavy against Rachelle’s hips. She was a little annoyed by the intrusion and a quick glance over at Jay said he was too—if the fierce frown on his face was any indication.

Was he jealous?

She smirked. Her first thought was to take advantage of the moment, to really give him something to be jealous about, but her dance partner was getting too handsy. Getting felt up wasn’t part of her plan, and it definitely took the fun out of her little game.

Sweaty arms looped around her waist and jerked her back, then proceeded to grind against her. Ugh. She shoved away from her annoying dance partner and off of the dance floor. On her way back to her table, she realized Jay was no longer standing where she’d last seen him. She quickly scanned the room but couldn’t find him. Oh, well. Now, she could go back to enjoying herself like she had before he had gotten there.

But she couldn’t stop her gaze from periodically scanning the crowd for a glimpse of him and after a few more cosmos, she was feeling lightheaded and flushed and annoyed by his absence.

And now she had to pee.

Her friends were still dancing so she made her way down the narrow corridor to where the private restrooms were. It felt surprisingly far, but then it could have been the alcohol rushing through her system. She had drunk too much and the last thing she wanted was to wobble around the club a sloppy drunk. That wouldn’t be cute.

Once inside the small bathroom, Rachelle studied her flushed face reflecting back at her from the round mirror above the sink. The single light bulb illuminating the red and black walls revealed a rosy face with slightly smudged eyeliner and mascara. She smiled at the wild woman staring back at her. Hell, she felt wild.

“Bet you couldn’t handle me, you jerk.”

Rachelle shoved aside her resentment at Jay’s sudden absence and took care of her more pressing problem. If he wanted to chase after skanks, she wouldn’t care. She eventually emerged from the bathroom and made it two steps before an arm wrapped around her waist. Slender, hairy arms.

She was more irritated than afraid because she knew without looking at him it was her annoying dance partner from earlier. Had the idiot followed her?

“You’re hot, baby. Wanna find someplace to cool off?”

Rachelle rolled her eyes. Was he for real? She shook her head in disgust and shoved away from the guy. “In your dreams, dumbass.” Ignoring the obviously drunk idiot, she pushed pass him and started back to her table. She wasn’t prepared for the hard, handful grab of her ass. Rachelle whirled around and shoved at the man hard, thoroughly pissed at his audacity. She finally got a good look at him—every hair-gelled, platinum blonde, open-collar inch of him.

“Don’t you ever grab me like that again, you creep!”

The idiot just stood there smirking, not bothering to even look her in the eye. “Come on, baby,” he said coming closer to her, his gaze trained on her breasts. “We can—”

“Get the fuck away from her.”

Rachelle jumped at the low growl that roared above her. Turning, she found an angry Jay looming behind her.

Where the hell had he come from?

She had no chance to ask him. Not when he was too busy putting the fear of God into the man with his ferocious glare.

“Go. Now.”

Rachelle winced at the harshness in Jay’s voice, but the other man wasted no time. He fled down the corridor and quickly blended into the crush of club goers.

Rachelle was sure she could have handled the grabby idiot herself, but felt compelled to thank Jay for his assistance. The hard look on his face, however, caused the words to lodge itself in her throat. Even with the low lighting, she could see the ice in his piercing blue eyes.

He was furious.

Immense heat radiated from him as he leaned close to her and she caught the faint draft of his male scent. It was a pleasant smell and reminded her of that day in the airport parking lot when he’d leaned over her to fasten her seat belt. He’d smelled good then, and he smelled good now.

“What the hell were you doing back there with him?”

Rachelle frowned with disbelief. She had just been cornered and harassed by some asshole and he was blaming her? What a jerk.

“You think I asked him to follow me back there?”

He sized her up. “I don’t know. Last I checked, you two were dry humping on the dance floor.”

She tried to quell the embarrassment that burned her cheeks. She had only let the creep get that close because she had known Jay was watching and she had wanted to make him jealous. Or in the very least, make him hot for her. It seemed she’d failed in doing either.

“That was different. We were just dancing. I didn’t ask him to come back here and feel me up.”

Jay’s lips curved in disgust. “Could’ve fooled anyone watching the way you were grinding your ass against his dick.”

“What?” she spat. “Mad it wasn’t yours?”

His jaw hardened and his lips were locked in a grim line. She hadn’t meant to blurt out those words, but his criticism was starting to piss her off. He obviously had no interest in her besides fulfilling his job so what did he care who she grinded her ass against?

“I think we were both disappointed it wasn’t my dick you were getting off on. Seeing as you were trying to make me jealous and all.”

She held her breath, and her heart began to pound steadily. So he’d caught on to her little game, after all. For a moment, they stood staring at each other.

“And were you jealous?”

His eyes flashed. “Was that what you wanted?”

She scanned his face. That wasn’t an answer, but she didn’t know what she wanted. All she knew was that she wanted him to want her as desperately as she did him, but she didn’t want him to know it. It was all confusing, even to her, but that was how she felt.

He reached out and touched the tips of her hair. “If you want me to touch you, princess, all you have to do is ask.”

She slapped his hand away, wanting to wipe the mocking smile from his smug face. “You’re the last guy I want to touch me.”

Something dark flashed in his eyes before his expression became unreadable. She held her breath, but instead of walking away as she expected, he hauled her to him and kissed her.

Rachelle was stunned for a millisecond, shocked by the smooth, firm touch of his lips on hers. It made her insides flutter, and she immediately looped her arms around him and kissed him back. The kiss was hard and demanding, fiery and electric.

It was nothing short of explosive.

She pressed her body against his hard frame, rolling her hips against erection. He released a harsh groan and pulled away from her, and they stared at each other, their breathing labored. She’d never been kissed like that before, never felt as if a thousand volts had been surging through her. The look of surprise and intense desire was plain on his face and she suspected these feelings were new to him too. But then his lips curved in another mocking sneer as his gaze slid down her body.

“Feels like you want me to do more than just touch you.”

Rachelle’s face heated. His erection had pushed urgently against her and she’d forced her body against his, wanting to get as close to him as she could. Now he was throwing her desire for him in her face—a desire she was still coming to terms with since she wasn’t sure yet if she even liked him.

She was beyond humiliated.

“Don’t flatter yourself, you jerk.” She pushed at his chest to put distance between them. “I could do a whole lot better than you.”

It was a slight action, but his entire body grew rigid and all signs of earlier mocking fell from his face. It was replaced by a blank mask and she immediately regretted her spiteful words.

“You’re right, princess. You certainly can.”

Those words, spoken with such sincerity, made her feel as self-centered and shallow as he accused her of being. He took another step away from her and she moved without thinking.

“Jay, wait.” She grabbed his arm to stop him, but couldn’t think with those fierce blue eyes staring down at her as if he couldn’t decide whether he wanted to yell at her or kiss her again. She much preferred his kissing and was nervous yet excited about having his lips against hers again. But he simply continued staring down at her, his broad chest rising and falling with each breath. Rachelle decided to follow her heart’s desire. Shoving caution aside, she threw herself at him.

He caught her and pulled her close to him, their lips once again moving eagerly against each other. Moving his hand beneath her, he gripped her ass tight and lifted her high against him. She was vaguely aware that they were moving further back into the dark, quiet corner of the narrow corridor. He thrust his tongue into her mouth as he braced her against the wall, her legs straddling his hips. They continued to explore and taste each other and she couldn’t stop the soft moan that escaped her lips.

He wound his fingers around her hair and tugged her head back, exposing her neck to his fervid lips. He found the tender spot between her neck and collarbone then began to lick and suck at her smooth skin. Rachelle shivered from the delicious sensation, her gasps of pleasure drowned out by the loud music coming from the club.

She brought her hand to his head and held him to her as she pushed against him, wanting to feel his heat and hardness.

His hands shifted from her bottom and his large body kept her pressed against the wall. She didn’t realize what he was doing until his fingers found their way between her thighs. He rubbed the crotch of her panties and her legs tightened instinctively around him as a sharp, sweet stirring moved through her. She sucked in her breath and thrust her hips against his hand, wanting to feel the spark again, wanting to follow him wherever it was he was going to take her.

She had only a second to inhale before he again captured her lips with his and shoved aside the delicate material. Slick moisture pooled out of her as he began slowly circling her most sensitive spot. The pressure of his blunt thumb sent deep waves of pleasure crashing through her, starting at her navel and ending at her soft, wet core. This was nothing like when she touched herself. The sensation was more intense, more…electric.

A surge of heated pleasure poured out of her as his teasing finger wrenched deep moans from her with each firm rub. A small part of her couldn’t believe she was letting this happen, in the back of a dimly lit club no less, where anyone could potentially catch them. But she was too caught up in the intense pleasure to care or stop him now. Another hard stroke of his finger and a deep moan tore through her, bringing her closer to the edge.

Rachelle tore her lips away from his, gasping for air as she clung to his shoulders. She didn’t know how much more she could take, and when he slipped a finger into her, her body clenched tight around his long, thrusting finger. Shuddering gasps and moans escaped her as she buried her face into the crook of his neck. His harsh breathing was loud against her ear and she rolled her hips to meet his plunging finger.

The ecstasy of fulfillment was near and he kept his finger buried deep inside her as he continued rubbing her sensitive nub. The warm pressure of his lips against her jaw sent slight tremors coursing through her. She brought her hand to his neck and turned her face a fraction until their lips lightly touched. She swallowed in his short, harsh breaths, her excitement growing with every pant. With a few more strokes, her inner core clamped tightly around his broad finger and she crumbled in his arms, a soft bursting through her. The pleasure was so intense, so consuming, that she threw her head back and lost herself to the force of her release.

“Shit.”

The single curse was guttural and she barely registered his strained exclamation as his labored breathing came out hard and fast. Her body grew weak and limp and she collapsed against his rigid body. Lying against him, she could feel his heart thudding in his chest.

He pulled his finger out of her and the small action sent tiny shivers through her. Rachelle lifted her head and stared at him, her own pulse still racing. He stared back at her with fire in his bright blue eyes, his jaw clenched tight, and a sheen of sweat beaded across his forehead.

He stepped away from her and she slid down the wall, her legs barely holding her steady. She immediately missed his closeness and was at a loss of what to say or do next. Based on the confused frown on his face, so was he.

Eyes lowered, she bit her lower lip and tugged down her skirt. Oddly, she wanted him to kiss her again, but instead he continued to stare down at her with such intensity, it scared her and made her want to jump on him again. It was all so confusing, but she was certain about one thing—she wanted to experience that mind-blowing pleasure again.

He reached out and brushed his damp finger lightly across her cheek. “I was wrong about you, princess.” His eyes took on that mild amusement she was really starting to hate. “I guess a guy like me can get you off.”

She sucked in a sharp breath and pushed his hand away. She didn’t want the words to sting, but they did. If he had set out to make her feel cheap, he’d succeeded. She had never done anything like that before, had never felt such knee-buckling pleasure, yet his words cut through her, leaving only shame and humiliation.

He must have realized how much his words hurt because the cold mocking immediately fell from his face and was replaced by regret. His pity only added to her embarrassment.

“Damn it, I didn’t—”

“Fuck you.”

Astonishment and frustration flashed across his hard face, but with what little dignity she had left, Rachelle shoved past him and left him standing alone in the dark corner.

She moved as if in a trance, barely paying attention to the noise and dancing bodies around her, only wanting to desperately get as far away from him as she could. She made her way back to her table only to find it abandoned. Grabbing her phone and wallet, she rushed out of the club. She was breaking the sacred rules of leaving a club without her girlfriends, but a text message would have to do. She couldn’t bear to stay there a minute longer.

Rachelle walked out into the cool, night air where she was able to breathe better. She kept walking until she realized how far from the club she had gone. Turning back, she pulled out her phone to call a cab. She barely made it a few steps before a whisper of a sound came from behind her and she whirled around.

The bottom of her stomach dropped.

The black and white skeleton mask staring back at her was eerily hypnotic—and completely frightening. For a split second, all she could do was stare at the large, dark figure who had materialized like something straight out of a horror movie. The black, hollow eye sockets were sinister and soulless and the most frightening thing she’d ever seen. A chill ran down her spine and pulled her from her trance, but the scream forming in the back of throat never made it out.

Before she could force out a sound, another man came up behind her. She made a move to run, but it was too late. Her head was draped in a rough, suffocating material and she was suddenly surrounded by darkness.





Chapter Seven





Fuck.

He was a fucking idiot. The last thing he should have done was touch her. He had kissed her only to prove a point. That even though she was out of his league, she wasn’t immune to the fiery attraction that burned between them. Whenever she was near, he alternated between wanting to strangle her and tossing her to the nearest bed. Tonight, his desire for her had won out and she had turned into pure fire in his hands—and he had needed to touch her, to feel her passion flow for him.

But it had gone too far and he should have stopped it at the first kiss. Hell, he shouldn’t have even started it. His little lesson had backfired and he had damn near come in his jeans just from feeling her body clench and quiver around his finger. Now, he was left with a painful erection and feeling like all kinds of shit. Yet, he was still fighting a lust that burned through him from the inside out.

The night couldn’t get any worse.

Jay ran his hand over his face and cursed. He couldn’t do this anymore. The money didn’t matter anymore. He couldn’t finish this job. Not after tonight. Not after the look he’d managed to put in her eyes. The callous words he had fired at her still stayed with him. Words he’d spoken only because he wanted to beat her to what he anticipated would have been another snide remark. That brief moment of passion had left him feeling…exposed and he had been scrambling to bring back the familiar layers of hostility between them. But he had only managed to make things worse.

Jay made his way back to the edge of the dance floor, unsure what to do next. He could demand that she let him take her home, then he could call Felix and end this shit show between them. His true dilemma would be to convince her to get into his truck, when he doubted she would come anywhere near him.

He scanned the dance floor, but the crowd had grown, and he couldn’t recognize if any of the girls that had been with her earlier were out there. Her table was empty, but it was by sheer luck that he spotted Mercedes at another table getting very comfortable with the guy she’d been dancing with earlier.

He made his way to her and said without preamble, “Where’s Rachelle?” He was in no mood to be polite.

“I thought she was with you,” Mercedes shouted over the music. “She sent me a text saying she was going home. I figured you were driving her.”

Jay cursed and left without another word. He had asked her for only one thing tonight—not to leave without him—and it was little surprise that she once again ignored him. He headed for the front entrance, hoping he would catch her before she had a chance to jump into a cab. The sense of urgency that rushed through him made his steps swift.

He pushed open the door and a blast of warm night air assaulted him. A small crowd waited in the valet area, but there was no one in the cab line and no sign of her. She must have already left. Shit.

He tried her cell, but wasn’t surprised when it went to voicemail. Either she had sent him there or her phone was turned off. Uneasiness was settling in his gut and the need to find her overwhelmed him.

Jay made his way down the bend, toward the street where he’d parked his truck. He would head to her condo, make sure she had arrived home safe, then he would call Felix and pull himself out of this job once and for all.

As he neared the road, a distant, muffled cry disrupted the night air. The hairs on the back of his neck rose. This time, a sharp scream pierced through the quiet street and he wasted no time. Breaking out into a run, Jay turned into a deserted alley and froze, stunned by the sight in front of him.

Two men wearing masks were trying to shove a thrashing bundle into the back of a dark, windowless van. The struggling figure was covered in a dark blanket, but he caught the glimpse of smooth, honey-brown legs and knew without a doubt that the frantic woman was Rachelle. She fought like a wildcat, making it difficult for the men to get her in the van. One of the men, the one who sported a sadistic clown mask, struck her hard.

At her muffled cry, Jay went numb with rage. He ran toward the trio, but before the men could react, Jay slammed his fist into the man who’d struck her. Clown Face crashed against the side of the van with a loud grunt. Skull Face dropped his hold on Rachelle, and for a split second, Jay’s attention was drawn to her twisting form fighting to free herself from the blanket. The distraction earned him a fist in the gut and Jay inhaled sharply. He was grateful when Rachelle stumbled to her feet and dashed further down the alley. Now, he wouldn’t have to worry about her getting in the way.

With swift, trained movements, Jay returned the favor, punching Skull Face squarely in the abdomen. The man doubled over then fell to his knees. Jay swung his fist into the man’s face, skewing his mask. With a series of jabs he had learned both in and out of the cage, Jay made short work of the man, until Skull Face lay whimpering on the ground, blood gushing through his white mask.

Adrenaline pumped through Jay when he caught the glint of a gun in the other attacker’s hand. Moving with lightning speed, Jay grabbed Clown Face’s wrist and forced the gun he held in his hand above his head. The man refused to release the weapon. He let out one shot, but Jay continued to squeeze the man’s wrist until he finally heard the bone pop and the gun fell to the ground with a loud clatter. Howling, the man bowed over, cradling his hand close to his body. Footsteps and voices were approaching and Jay shoved the groaning man to the ground then kicked the gun out of reach. It disappeared underneath the van.

When Skull Face jumped to his feet, Jay tensed in anticipation, preparing for another attack. Instead, the man got behind the wheel just as Clown Face threw himself into the van and together they sped off. Jay wanted nothing more than to go after them, but he had Rachelle to take care of.

With his heart still racing and his muscles tense, Jay pushed pass the small group of gawkers that had gathered and went looking for Rachelle. He found her crouched low behind a dumpster, her eyes wide and outlined by the smear of her make-up. One of her dress straps was torn and it drooped limply over her breast, leaving her smooth shoulder and chest completely exposed. He knelt down beside her and suddenly noticed the angry marks along her skin. His fists bunched at his side, wanting badly to pound into those men again. But he tamped down his fury, not wanting to frighten her. She was terrified enough.

“Are you hurt?”

She slowly shook her head, but said nothing. If she was truly hurt, he wouldn’t hesitate to bring her to the hospital, but he would wait until he knew what was going on before he involved the police.

Jay helped her to her feet, which were now bare. For some reason that only heightened his rage—a rage he directed at himself as much as he did those bastards.

He had failed to protect her.

He’d been so caught up in out-doing her with insults and snide remarks, he’d practically forced her away from him and right into the arms of danger. The kind of danger he had not been prepared for. His gut told him that this hadn’t been random. Those men had fought with too much skill and determination.

Jay didn’t know what was going on, but he intended to find out who he was protecting her from. But first, he needed to get her to safety.

When he reached for her, she tensed. “Can I carry you?” he asked gently. “We need to get out of here, and I don’t want you to get cut.”

She stared down at herself, seemingly confused by her bare feet. The dark alley was covered with trash and broken glass. Without another word, he reached for her again. She didn’t protest when he lifted her into his arms and carried her to his truck, which was parked not too far.

During the drive, she was too quiet and it worried him. He glanced over at her still form. She sat staring straight ahead. He debated whether he should bring her to her condo. They could very well be headed into an ambush. If those men had known she would be at this particular club tonight, he would assume they knew a lot more about her. Like where she lived.

Jay checked the rearview mirror once again, ensuring they weren’t being followed then took the back roads to her condo. Though he balked at the idea, he knew she would feel safe in her own home.

His hands tightened around the steering wheel, tonight’s scene replaying in his head and it instantly filled him again with rage. Had she been targeted for kidnapping? Was that why her father had hired him?

“Did those men say anything to you?” He turned to her again. “Rachelle?” If he hadn’t glanced her way, he would have missed the slight shake of her head.

He eventually arrived on her street and slowed, surprised by the blue and red lights that greeted them. There were police and emergency vehicles everywhere outside her building. They illuminated the streets. At least now he wouldn’t have to worry about someone waiting to grab her, but until he could find out what the hell was going on, Jay couldn’t risk stopping either. He needed to stash her someplace safe until he could shake some answers out of Felix.

He drove pass her condo, the lights from the cruisers becoming a distant blur in his rearview mirror. Confident they weren’t being followed, he drove to the one place he felt was the second safest place for her to be in tonight.

He kept driving until he came to a small warehouse just outside of downtown Las Vegas. Except for the graffiti on one side of the building, it was unremarkable—just another small, old abandoned warehouse he’d purchased and converted into a loft several years ago. It was its isolation from the rest of the city that had initially drawn him and he had made it his home ever since. Jay pulled into the makeshift garage and waited as the insulated steel doors slid close. He helped Rachelle down from the truck and led her into the renovated space.

As he made his way through the apartment, he turned on a few lights, exposing the dark brick walls and the hanging pipes running along the high ceilings. His home was nothing like her high-rise condo, but it was warm, ventilated, and safe.

She stood in the center of the room, in her tattered dress and wild hair, still in a daze. The sight of her in such a condition was still enough to anger him. She should be in her luxury apartment right now, dressed in something soft and silky—or whatever it was she wore to bed. Not standing barefoot with red marks and faint bruises forming on her arms and legs.

Jay walked up to her and she looked up at him, the edge of her eyes smeared with mascara. She hadn’t said a word during the drive to his place. He hadn’t paid much attention before since his mind had been thinking of his next move, but her absolute silence was worrying him.

“Are you sure you’re not hurt?”

She said nothing. She simply stared up at him with those wide, blank eyes. He frowned and cupped her chin in his palm. His eyes moved over her face and he watched her closely for any nuisance of emotion.

“Talk to me, princess. You’re making me nervous.”

“I’m cold.”

That simple statement surprised him and he glanced down at her thin dress and bare feet, her toes curling against the hardwood floors. He rubbed his hands up and down her arms, trying to chase away the goose bumps that had formed along her skin. Then he gently pulled her into his arms so she could absorb some of his heat. He’d been told his body mimicked a furnace and wasn’t surprised when she leaned into him. He didn’t, however, expect her to wrap her arms around him. His body immediately reacted to the feel of her pressed sweetly against him. Memories of how she’d felt in his arms, of how her body had melted around his finger, was not far from his mind. He immediately shook the thoughts away, irritated by his lack of self-discipline.

“Better?”

She nodded but still held on to him. If she didn’t let go of him soon, he would be in trouble. She had to know it wasn’t his belt buckle nudging against her belly. He pulled away from her and she released him, wrapping her arms around herself. A small pout formed on her lips and he wanted to kiss it away—to strip her of her torn dress, lay her on the bed and bury himself deep inside her.

What the hell’s the matter with me?

“Let’s find you something to change into.” He pulled a clean, dark gray t-shirt from his dresser and handed it to her. The shirt was old and faded, but was long enough to keep her warm and covered. To his surprise, she pushed his hand away and shook her head.

“No. I need to go home now. I need to call my mom.”

“I’m sorry, princess, but you can’t go home. At least not yet. You’ll be safe here until we find out what’s going on.”

“Oh no,” she breathed. “My phone. My purse. They know where I live!”

Jay suspected they already knew that much. Whoever had set this in motion knew exactly who she was. There was no way he was letting her out of his sight now.

“You’ll stay here until we figure this all out, all right? Now, come on.” He led her to the bathroom. “You can change in here, and then we’ll call your mom.”

She turned to him before entering. Her brows were pulled together in confusion, but her eyes were focused on his face and her expression was stark. “Thanks for coming for me.”

Jay nodded stiffly, unsure what to say to that. He hadn’t done a great job watching out for her. He didn’t deserve her gratitude.

The moment the door closed behind her, he grabbed his phone. His first call was to Felix. No answer. He hated having to leave a message, but he did anyway.

“It’s Jay. Call me back.”

Jay fell into the only sofa in his loft and ran his hands over his head. What a mess. It was late, but as soon as morning came, he fully intended to take a trip out to Felix’s place. That meant he would have to leave Rachelle alone, but he couldn’t very well take her out in her tattered dress or wearing just his shirt.

The moment the shower started running, his phone rang. It was Felix.

“Jay, man, please tell me you have the girl safe.”

“Yeah, why? What the hell’s going on? What the hell happened tonight?”

Felix hesitated then proceeded to tell him about the attempted break-in into Rachelle’s condo moments before her attack outside the club tonight. The doorman had been found beaten and the door to their apartment had literally been broken into. Luckily, her mother hadn’t been home, but they would have to assume both mother and daughter were in danger.

Jay went on to give Felix a detail account of Rachelle’s attempted kidnapping tonight. He ended it with the scene he’d drove pass outside her condo.

“Cops were everywhere. It looked like they were dealing with a murder scene instead of an attempted robbery.”

“The other residents must have gotten spooked. I don’t know. All I know is that all hell is going to break loose when her father finds out about this. You need to get her home and—”

“Why would I take her home?” Jay interrupted. “It’s clearly not safe for her there.”

Felix let out a frustrated sound. “What do you care? You already got paid.”

Because I should have done a better job protecting her.

“I’m giving you an out, Jay. Take it.”

Jay’s jaw clenched. “So now I’m not supposed to care about what happens to her?”

Felix was silent for a moment. “What’s up with you, man? Yesterday, you were ready to give her away.”

“That was before two guys with fucked up masks tried to shove her in some unmarked van. Now what the fuck is going on, Felix? Why did her father need an escort for her?”

“All I know is that her father may have a few threats behind him. But considering who he is, I’m not surprised. I just thought hiring you was just a precaution.”

“And who the hell’s her father, anyway?”

Felix hesitated. “I can’t say. Just know that he’s not someone you want to fuck with and after tonight…well, I don’t want to be caught anywhere near this if something happens to his little girl. I’m telling you, Jay, bring her home. Let someone else deal with her.”

Jay could do that. He could take her back to her condo and turn his back on this whole mess. Hell, only a few hours ago, he’d wanted nothing more than to make her someone else’s problem. But that had been before he realized how serious the threats to her were. Had he known what he was up against, he would have never let her out of his sight. And he certainly wouldn’t have let his frustration or vindictiveness—or even his favor to David—override his responsibility to protect her.

He had failed her once, he wouldn’t fail her again.

“Before I do anything, I want to meet with her father. I want to be sure she’ll be safe when I bring her back.”

“Jay, man—”

“I’m serious,” he cut in. “Set it up.” Jay didn’t care who her father was. He may very well be a powerful man, and Jay made a point to be cautious around men like him, but they didn’t intimidate him.

Felix cursed. “What you’re doing sounds a lot like ransom. You sure you want to go down that road.”

“I’m just doing what her father’s paying me to do and that’s watch out for her. Obviously, something serious is going on. Weren’t you at all curious about why they would pay so much for a job like this?”

“Actually, no.”

“Well, not everyone can be as cold as you, Felix. If the man cares as much for his daughter’s safety as he claims, he’ll meet with me first.”

Felix paused. “You have some serious balls on you, man. But I’ll arrange something. Stay close to your phone.”

Jay paced until a few minutes later Rachelle emerged from the bathroom. Her hair hung in damp curls down her back and over her shoulders. She wore his shirt, the gray, oversized shirt stopping just above her knees. The neckline hung low to one side, exposing her smooth neck and shoulder. She looked more erotic in that moment than she had in that tight club dress and his cock stirred at the sight of her.

Now that he knew the cool, sweet taste of her lips, knew the smooth, slick feel of her body, it was going to be a very long, uncomfortable night.

Fuck.





Chapter Eight





Rachelle handed Jay his cell phone after leaving her mother what she hoped was a reassuring voicemail. She hadn’t been able to stop the small catch in her voice when she’d told her mother that she wouldn’t be coming home tonight but that she was with Jay and was safe.

For now anyway.

She vaguely remembered the drive to his place, but Jay had told her about the attempted break-in at the condo. She was glad her mother hadn’t been home, probably out with her father, and it made Rachelle feel better to think she was with him.

She was still trying to wrap her mind around what had happened tonight. Why would someone try to kidnap her? And what would have happened if Jay hadn’t gotten there in time? The thoughts brought chills up her arm.

“Why don’t you go get some sleep?” Jay inclined his head toward the end of the room. “You can take the bed over there. I’ll take the couch.”

She nodded, glancing at the wide bed at the end of the room, but made no move toward it. His apartment was set up like a large, open studio, though the high ceiling and exposed brick and pipes were telling. He lived in a warehouse? She’d seen warehouse converted lofts before, but this was nothing like the photos of modern, chic conversions she’d seen in magazines. A couch, center table, and tall bookshelf filled the center of the room. Off to her right, opposite the “bedroom,” was the kitchen with standard appliances. The place had a certain grunge look to it, but she found it surprisingly appealing and it suited him.

“Are you still cold?” His eyes were watchful and held gentle concern.

“Why are you being nice to me?” She hadn’t meant to blurt that question out, but seeing this side of him was unnerving and overwhelming.

He flashed a quick smile. “Because you’re not yelling at me.”

She didn’t return the smile. She was drawn too tight to sort through the emotions ricocheting inside her. She had hoped the shower would clear her head, and it had some, but tension still invaded her body. She knew she was being silly. He had simply offered up his bed and she was making more out of that than she should.

His expression turned solemn, but to her surprise, he reached out to brush a damp strand of hair from her cheek. “We can go back to hating each other in the morning. Try to get some sleep.”

But I don’t hate you.

She left the words unsaid, however, and went over to the bed just to appease him. Though the bed was nice and warm, she was far from sleepy. She turned when she heard the bathroom door shut. Needing to give herself something to do, she began wandering around the spacious loft. She ran her hands along the exposed brick as she made her way around the apartment, her feet cold against the shiny wood floors. There were no pictures of him or family and she wondered about that. Were they not close or was he an only child like her?

The pipes above her hummed as the shower came on and she continued her exploring. She was surprised by the amount of books he had. Based on his bookshelf, he really enjoyed biographies and history. There were a few fitness magazines, and she flipped through the latest issue. No mailing label was printed on any of them so he must have purchased them from the stands.

Rachelle continued taking in what she could about the man with the cool, blue eyes. He was certainly an enigma. She stared at his wallet on the tall dresser then took a quick glance at the bathroom door. It wasn’t that she didn’t trust him—he had saved her life tonight, after all—but she would rest better knowing at least his last name.

She picked up the black wallet and flipped it open. Inside were a few credit cards, some cash, and his driver’s license. She was just about to pull out the plastic card when the bathroom door swung open. She whirled around and hid the wallet behind her back.

Jay stood in the doorway, his shoulders spanning the frame from end to end. Standing there with only his sweatpants, she realized just how impressive his physique was. Well-defined muscle rippled over the planes of his chest and abdomen. The bold, Celtic lines of his tattoo covered his entire left arm, from shoulder to wrist, and were impressive and jarring to see on his large body.

He was a dangerous attraction that terrified and excited her. And she couldn’t look away from him. Her lips parted, and she couldn’t do anything to control the hitch in her breathing or stop the soft fluttering in her belly. He literally took her breath away.

Okay, Rachelle, get a grip.

But she couldn’t. She could only stare as he advanced toward her. He stood so close, her nipples hardened from the heat of his nearness. He wasn’t immune to their closeness either. His nostrils flared slightly, as he stared down at her, his eyes taking on the same heated quality it had at the club. He leaned down toward her and she held her breath. To her relief and disappointment, he reached around her and grabbed her hand from behind her back.

“What are you doing with this?” He pulled the wallet from her nerveless fingers and held it up between them.

“If I’m going to be spending the night here, I wanted to at least know your full name.” The spell was broken, and she was glad she could think again.

He stared at her searchingly, but instead of a sharp reprimand she had expected, he pulled out his driver’s license and handed it to her. “Next time, just ask.”

Rachelle hesitated then took the card, her face rosy with embarrassment. She looked down at the faded driver’s license then glanced up at him in surprise. Of all the names “Jay” could have been shortened for, she hadn’t expected it to be something so…innocent.

“Julian?” He didn’t look like a Julian. He was too big and rough looking to have such a sweet, lovely name?

His eyes flashed and something dark and sensual crossed his features. The heat in his fiery blue eyes drew her. She dropped the license to the floor and took a step toward him as if in a trance. Her body craved his warmth and nearness and without thinking she moved closer, standing toe to toe, her eyes never leaving his.

“Say it again,” he demanded thickly.

She flattened her palms on the hard planes of his abdomen, and he inhaled sharply, the muscles beneath her fingers tightening.

“Julian.”

As quick as lightening, he hauled her against him. She tilted her face upward as his hand wrapped behind her neck and his lips consumed her. She dug her nails into his arms, matching the frenzy of his movements and pace. She had been kissed before, but never like this. Their contact was intense and mind-altering. He controlled the pressure, the depth, and all she could do was cling to him.

His heat seeped through her borrowed shirt, and her nipples pressed firmly against him. He kissed her as if he intended to possess her—and she was willing to let him. She pushed against him hard, inviting his possession. He growled low and tore his lips from hers.

“Are you sure you want this?” His breathing was labored and the skin on his cheekbones drawn tight.

From the beginning, she had alternated between dislike and desire for him, confused as to what she wanted. But she couldn’t deny it any longer. She had wanted him then and she needed him now.

And she had never been more sure about anything.

“Yes. I want this.” With those words, Rachelle threw her arms around him and kissed him again.

He released a harsh moan between their lips then lifted her off the ground. Before she knew it, they were on the bed, the cool sheets pressed against her heated body. His hands moved all over, leaving a trail of warmth everywhere they touched. He stripped her of the oversized t-shirt then tossed it aside before coming down to her again. She clutched at his shoulders as he fitted his lips against hers, his hand steadily making its way between her thighs. He kept his other arm wrapped tightly around her waist, and he cradled her close, his finger slipping in and out of her.

Rachelle lifted against him, eager to feel the same sweet torment she had at the club. He brushed the pad of his thumb against her sensitive little nub and she trembled. A throaty moan escaped her as his lips trailed light kisses down her jaw and along her neck. With every slow thrust of his finger, her hips rose to meet him. She pushed against each stroke of his skilled hand, rocking and rotating, seeking out the familiar mind-numbing pleasure she knew he could give her.

His tongue licked its way down her neck and shoulders before stopping at her breasts. He drew in a taut nipple into his warm mouth and she shivered then arched against him, soft gasps and cries tearing from her.

“Say it again.”

His hoarse command was spoken close to her ear and she knew what he was asking. Her voice quivered when she gasped, “Julian.”

He brought his lips back up to her and thrust his tongue between her lips. He increased the pressure of his thrusts, his finger pushing strongly into her, matching the rhythm and pace of his tongue. She was overwhelmed by pleasure, consumed by it, and her body clenched around his finger with each vigorous stroke. Her soft moans were now short gasps and it wasn’t long before she came hard and fast, her orgasm tearing through her in a wave of liquid heat.

She was vaguely aware of Jay’s harsh breathing as he withdrew his damp finger from inside her and came over her. His desperate need and urgency penetrated through the fog of her desire. He spread her legs wide as he shoved off his sweatpants and held his engorged shaft in his palm. She only caught a glimpse of it before he adjusted himself between her legs, and began pushing into her.

She looped her arms around him as he braced himself on his arms. The broad tip of his penis continued to push against her soft, slick opening and she shivered from the sensation. Uncertainty and excitement held her paralyzed as the unfamiliar sensations moved over her, but she lifted her hips to take more of him. She wanted this. She wanted him.

Jay groaned deeply and pushed into her some more. The slickness from her orgasm made it easier, but the stretching was fast becoming uncomfortable, almost unbearable.

“Jay?”

“Shh.” He rested his forehead against hers. “You can take me, baby. Just relax.”

She tried to, wanting to give him the same pleasure he’d given her, but the growing discomfort made it difficult. She dug her fingernails into his shoulders as he continued to push into her. He grunted then pulled her hands above her head. Lacing his fingers through hers, he brought his mouth down to her breast and sucked strongly on her sensitive nipple. The sweet spur of desire began to return and she began to soften and relax beneath him. Tightening her grip on his hand, she released a throaty moan and arched her back against his warm, suctioning mouth.

He captured her lips for another deep, passionate kiss then surged into her, his hard, thick shaft driving into the deepest part of her. Her sharp cry was swallowed by his mouth. The searing burn inside her was intense and lasting. She tried to shift, to ease the pain, but his weight pinned her beneath him as he pumped into her.

She tore her lips from his and turned away from him, squeezing her eyes shut against the pain of his rutting hips. He buried his face in the crook of her neck, his harsh breathing filling the quiet room until he finally came with a long, harsh groan.

She tugged at her hands, and he finally released them. He tried to capture her lips for a kiss, but she turned away and shoved at his shoulders.

“Please let me up.”

He grabbed her chin and this time held it firm. His frown was deep and his eyes intense. “What’s wrong?”

Rachelle glanced away from him, keeping her hands pressed against his chest. She didn’t want his concern. She just wanted to be alone for a minute. To nurse her resentment and disappointment.

“Nothing,” she said, hating how her voice quivered. “I just…I want to get up.”

He hesitated for the briefest of moments then pulled out of her. She winced at the drag of his penis brushing against her tender flesh. As soon as he rolled away from her, she jumped off the bed and on trembling legs, rushed to the bathroom. She slammed the door behind her and leaned against it.

She wasn’t sure who she was more upset with—the rutting brute or her own stupidity. A small part of her knew she was being unfair. He hadn’t known this was her first time and like an idiot she’d decided to keep that from him. But she wasn’t completely oblivious. She’d expected some pain. Just not the kind that left her feeling battered and used.

****

So much for his good intentions.

Jay sat on the edge of the bed, staring at the closed bathroom door. It hadn’t even been a full night and already he had given into his lust. Granted, his resolve might not have been so fleeting had she not practically thrown herself at him. She had more power over him than he realized.

The way she’d said his name had instantly sent lust slamming in his gut. Her voice had been like a sweet, curious hunger, and he’d imagined her whispering his name while he was deep inside her and his body had reacted instantly. He’d never been so out of control with a woman, had never lost himself so completely. What they’d shared had been short of incredible. As his still racing heart could attest.

So what the hell just happened?

She was acting like she didn’t want to be near him when just moments ago, she had been on fire for him. How is it that his world had literally shifted and she acted as if she’d felt nothing? Hadn’t she? Or was it that she regretted letting him touch her? Suddenly, the shower came on and he ran his hand over his face. He guessed he had his answer.

Jay bounded out of the bed and reached for his sweatpants. He needed to get a grip and stop acting like he’d just gotten his fucking heart broken.

Fuck her.

He jerked on his sweatpants and frowned at the faint red stains on his shaft. Blood? Had she started her period? Was that what caused her to pull away? His chest suddenly constricted as another thought came to him. Had he hurt her? He replayed those moments he’d been inside her and it all started to make sense. She hadn’t been gasping from intense pleasure while he’d been thrusting inside her. He’d been hurting her.

Shit.

He cursed himself for his stupidity. He’d never had sex with a virgin before, but by how tight she’d been, it should have been obvious. He was a big guy and always took care to make sure his woman came first. Rachelle had come hard in his hand, had been wet and ready for him, but it hadn’t mattered. He’d lost control and had fucked her hard and deep, not stopping to see if she was even enjoying it.

He could have seriously hurt her.

He did hurt her.

The shower stopped and he went to the bathroom. The door was locked.

“Rachelle? Open up.”

“Go away.”

He sighed. “Come on, princess. I—”

“I said go away!”

Her voice was laced with anger and it only added to his guilt. He remembered the words he’d whispered to her, the way he’d dismissed her cries of discomfort and mistaken them for sounds of pleasure. What an arrogant ass he’d been.

He waited another five minutes before she came out wrapped in a towel, her thick black curls hung down her back and over her shoulders. He started toward her. She took a step back.

“Don’t come near me,” she said fiercely.

Embarrassed, Jay stopped and ran his hand across the back of his neck. She had every right to hate him right now.

“Are you still bleeding?”

She glanced away from him. “What are you talking about?”

“What am I talking about?” he repeated dubiously. “What the hell do you think?” Was she really going to play this game? She obviously hadn’t felt the need to tell him before that this was her first time, but he wasn’t going to let her pretend like nothing happened. “I have your blood around my dick. Why didn’t you tell me you were still a virgin?”

She avoided his direct gaze. “I don’t remember you asking.”

Jay stared down at her, incredulous. “Why would I ask? Did you honestly expect me to think you never had sex before?”

Her cheeks became a pale shade of red. “Why not?”

“Are you serious? You act like—” He stopped, realizing he was about to incriminate himself with his rash words.

“Like what?” she challenged. “Like I’ve been around?”

Jay shook his head. This whole situation was catching him off guard. He had been about to say that she acted like someone comfortable with her body and sexuality, but then he could see her taking and twisting those words around too.

“I guess when it comes to girls like me, there’s no question, right? Well, I’m sorry I didn’t live up to your expectations.” She picked up the shirt he’d given her earlier. “Just because I was a virgin doesn’t mean I need to dress or act like some prude.”

He gritted his teeth in frustration. “That’s not what I meant.”

She simply shook her head and headed back toward the bathroom. He caught her arm the moment she passed him and pulled her back. She jerked away.

“Let go of me!”

He immediately released her, trying to control the fury boiling inside him. “Don’t you dare act like I raped you.”

The silence that fell between them was heavy. Her stance rigid, but there was a small trace of guilt in her brown eyes.

“That’s not what I’m trying to do. I’m just mad that…never mind.”

“What?” he prompted.

She wrapped her arms around her middle and shrugged. “I guess I’m trying not to let what you think of me bother me.” She sighed. “But it does.”

He frowned. “And what do you think I think?”

“It doesn’t matter.”

He blew out a breath in exasperation. He was starting to realize the problem between them was that they were both trying too hard not to let the other know how much they really wanted the other. And he had wanted her the moment she’d come striding toward him in that airport. It was her attitude that he hadn’t appreciated.

“Well, what I think is that you’re sexy as hell, and I’m just surprised no guy has managed to take you to bed.”

“Well, I guess you won that honor.”

“I wasn’t looking to win anything,” he snapped. “I slept with you because I wanted you.” And he still did. That one time hadn’t been enough to slake his lust for her. “And you said you wanted me too.”

She glanced away from him but didn’t deny it. He sighed and gently pulled her into his arms. This time she didn’t pull away.

“I’m sorry I hurt you, princess,” he said gruffly. “Believe me, that’s the last thing I wanted to do.” That’s the last thing I ever want to do.

The tension slowly eased from her, and his body responded quickly to her soft pliancy. Without thinking, he kissed the side of her smooth neck, on the spot he knew to be the most sensitive. She shivered, and he pulled her closer.

“Let me make it up to you,” he said quietly. “I can make it good for you.”

She stood still for a moment then slowly pulled away from him. Indecision was plain on her face, but he didn’t want her first time to be an unpleasant and painful memory. He placed his finger under her chin and brought his lips down to hers.

He kissed her gently, softly, gliding the tip of his tongue lightly across her lower lip. When she parted them, he slipped his tongue inside her warm, sweet mouth, once again tasting all of her.

He loved kissing her, loved the feel of her soft lips against his. This time he took his time with her, savoring every caress, lingering over every touch. He was already hard but he restrained himself. This time was for her.

He tugged at the end of the towel, and she let it drop. He was once again amazed by the perfection of her soft curves. He took in the dip of her small waist, the flair of her round hips, and the dusky brown of her nipples. Just the sight of her took his breath away. His heart thudded as he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her along the length of him. Her taut nipples pushed against his abdomen and he groaned from the sensation.

He moved them to the bed and began kissing her all over. He passed his lips over the angry marks on her shoulders before moving down to the smooth valley between her full breasts. He became in tune with her, following every movement and sound, as he made his way down her body, kissing a trail down to her navel, which glittered from the small diamond there.

Her nails raked across his shoulders and back as he passed his tongue lightly along her inner thigh. He came up to the apex of her sweet core and breathed in her scent. It was intoxicating.

He flicked his tongue gently over her swollen clit, and she lifted her hips toward his mouth, a deep moan escaping her. Encouraged, he continued licking and lapping at her until her soft sighs became heavy moans. He was attentive to her every sound, to the way her legs trembled around his head. He feasted on her, sucking and licking at her strongly until he had her completely consumed with pleasure.

“Oh, God, Jay.”

Her legs jerked and tightened around his head. He grabbed her thighs and held her firm, smiling at her whimpering plea. He loved the way her voice raised an octave with each swirl of his tongue. Her entire body began to tremble, and he knew she was near. He slid his finger into her as the tension in her legs intensified. He didn’t let up the pressure, not until she finally she arched off the bed and came apart in his mouth.

He smoothed his palms up her thighs and came over her, careful not to put all his weight on her. He reached between them and began to guide his thick shaft into her. He watched her face for any signs of pain as he pushed into her tight channel. She was wet and soft, and he shuddered from the remarkable sensation. He entered her with a strong thrust and she gasped, her nails digging into his biceps. Her legs tightened around his hips, and he groaned from the incredible heat surrounding him.

“Easy, baby,” he murmured into her ear. “Just relax.”

It took a minute, but soon she began to ease and soften beneath him. He looked down at her, holding himself still inside her.

“Look at me, princess,” he urged. “Is it better?”

Peering up at him with hooded brown eyes, she tucked her lower lip beneath her teeth and nodded.

“Are you sure?” He gritted his teeth against the soft clenching of her inner muscles around him.

She nodded again. “Yeah.” She brought her arms around his neck and urging him down.

He kissed her long and deep as he began to thrust slowly into her. Each stroke wrenched a shuddering groan from him and a quivering sigh from her.

But he couldn’t seem to get deep enough. He reached beneath her and lifted her to him as he thrust heavily into her again and again, angling his hips so that he rubbed against her sensitive nub. The tightening in his balls signaled he was close to losing it. He didn’t want it to end—at least not without her.

With one fluid motion, he flipped onto his back to let her straddle him. She braced her hands on his chest and stared at him in surprise.

He released a sound that was barely a chuckle and mostly a groan. “This is your ride, baby. Go as fast or as slow as you want.”

She began to move gingerly at first with slow, steady movements. But then she gained her rhythm and momentum and moved over him with delicious skill and confidence that made his balls tighten. Her thighs began to quiver around him and her soft, wet channel clutched greedily around his straining shaft. With every roll, every rise and fall of her hips, he came closer to ecstasy.

And he lost it.

With a harsh groan, he gripped her lush ass and brought her down as he thrust his hips upward. She fell over him, holding onto him tight, as he pounded into her until she convulsed around him. His low growl mingled with her sweet screams and with a final thrust, he let himself go.





Chapter Nine





Jay stared up at the wide, steel pipe running along the high ceiling above them.

Aside from the usual street noise of early morning traffic, it was quiet inside his loft. The pale gray light of dawn came through the high windows, confirming the arrival of morning. Throughout the night, he’d thought about what her reaction would be when she awoke. Would she be filled with regret? Resentment? He was no stranger to fucking, but that’s not what they’d just done. What they’d just experienced had been too powerful for even her to turn away from.

He hadn’t gotten much sleep, but he had been content to lay in his bed with Rachelle nestled at his side. Having a woman sleep beside him was not something Jay was accustomed to. Nor was holding her in his arms and watching her sleep. Hell, having a woman sleep over at his loft was new. He preferred to keep his relationships casual, which didn’t include cuddling afterward.

Rachelle, however, was an exception.

He loved the feel of her warm body cradled against his. Never in his wildest dream did he think sex could be like this—like he’d lost and found a piece of himself in someone. He was more aware and connected to her than he had ever felt with anyone. It may all just be temporary but, for now, he welcomed it. Just like he welcomed the possessiveness he felt for her.

If he had felt protective toward her after the attack last night, the feeling was now magnified. She was now more than just a job to him. He would find out what the hell was going on and would make damn sure that confused fear never entered her eyes again.

She shifted against him and he tightened his arms around her, wanting to keep her close even for just a little while longer. As she came awake, she blinked up at him and he studied her, searching her expression for any signs of regret.

“Hi.” His voice was rough from sleep. To his surprise, she groaned and covered her face, mumbling something between her fingers. He pried her hand from her face. “What’s the matter? Why are you hiding?”

“I look awful,” she muttered, keeping her eyes averted.

Jay rolled his eyes, though he couldn’t help but smile. She had to know she woke up beautiful.

“You’re stunning, princess. You’re actually more so without all that make-up.”

She finally looked at him, a soft smile forming on her soft lips. “Really?”

He rolled his eyes again and blew a breath in exasperation. Now she was fishing. “You’re gorgeous and you know it.” He couldn’t resist teasing her. “Even with that eye booger, you’re a stunner.”

Her face froze in horror, and she turned away from him, wiping frantically at the corner of her eyes. Jay laughed and gave her a quick kiss on her neck. One kiss led to another, and soon he was kissing her so deeply, it left them both panting. He was hungry for her again, and the way she clutched at him told him she was feeling the same fire.

The knowledge that last night had been her first time wasn’t far from his mind, however. He drew back and stared down at her passion-glazed eyes. He ran his hand gently over her hip before resting it below her navel.

“How are you feeling?”

She rested her hand over his, but her smooth honey-brown cheeks had turned a soft shade of red. “I’m fine. Just a little sore.” She paused for a heartbeat then quietly added, “But I still want us to do it again.”

Jay grinned and kissed her again, trailing his lips down her jaw. “We will, baby, but we should pace ourselves. And I need to get some condoms.” Though it had felt wonderful coming inside her, the fact that they had taken the risk twice wasn’t far from his mind. Her eyes widened and he realized it hadn’t crossed hers. He wanted to think he would have been able to stop had he known it was her first time but he couldn’t be sure. His carelessness was a testament to how badly he wanted her, how frantic they had been for each other.

“Why me?” he blurted. “Why tonight?”

It shouldn’t have mattered—the deed was done—but something in him needed to know why she’d chosen to give him that most fundamental part of herself.

Her cheeks reddened, but she didn’t turn to look away from him. “Because…” she began, “I really wanted you.”

Her level of blatant and simple honesty took him by surprise. Though her virginity didn’t change how much or how little he wanted her, he couldn’t ignore the significance of what she had given him last night. She had trusted him enough to be her first. He was touched and humbled by that.

“I really wanted you too,” he murmured thickly. He brushed his lips gently across hers. Once. Twice. And again. He told himself he just wanted to taste her one last time before there were forced to leave the warmth of his large bed and reenter the real world.

His lips, however, eventually found their way down between the swells of her breast, where one of her many beauty marks nestled. He loved discovering the tiny black marks on her body. He flicked his tongue over the small mark and made his way down to her navel.

“Jay?”

“Hmm?” He continued making his way lower, inhaling her sweet scent. He wondered if she knew about the beauty mark right below the curve of her ass.

“I’m hungry.”

“Me too, baby.” He nipped at the soft flesh of her upper thigh.

She laughed softly then grabbed his ears, halting his slow descent. “Not for that. I mean I’m hungry hungry.”

He looked up at her, his mind still dazed from lust. “For food?”

She nodded, and a faint rumbling from her belly accompanied the small gesture. She fell back on the bed and covered her face with her hand, groaning in embarrassment.

He kissed her belly and got out of the bed. “I’ll get you something to eat.”

He pulled on his sweatpants and headed to the small kitchen. He didn’t know what he had in his fridge, but he hoped it was still edible. Most of his meals consisted of takeout or fast-food and he couldn’t remember the last time he’d gone grocery shopping.

As he suspected, the fridge was bare with the exception of an over ripe banana, a few protein shakes, some energy bars, and a carton of leftover Chinese food.

She came into the kitchen, looking mouthwatering in only his gray t-shirt and her wild, tousled hair. He couldn’t resist hauling her to him and kissing her just once more. He drew back to find her smiling at him. She didn’t know how enchanting she was when she did that.

“Any regrets?”

She shook her head, wrapping her arms around his waist. “Nope. None.”

He gave her another quick kiss, relieved by her adamant and quick response. He released her and handed her an energy bar.

“Start with this, and I’ll run out and get us some real food.” He tore one open for himself and made short work of it.

“So what now?” she eventually asked, nibbling on the thick oats and raisin bar. “Will you take me home today?”

He shook his head. “Not yet. I have my guy arranging a meeting with your father first to find out what’s going on. The more I know, the better I can protect you.”

Silence fell between them for a moment.

“They didn’t say anything to me.” Her eyes took on a faraway look. “They just threw that blanket over me and dragged me away. I started to freak out when I heard the van door open.”

Jay stared at her blank expression, wondering what was really going on behind those large brown eyes. Although he knew she was rehashing last night not to point out his failures, but to make sense of what had happened it didn’t lessen his guilt.

“Why do you think they were trying to kidnap me?”

“I don’t know, princess.”

“Then I want to go with you to see my dad.”

“And who exactly is he?”

She eyed him warily. “You should know. Didn’t he hire you?”

Jay shook his head. The man’s identity had been nothing but secrecy since he’d accepted this job. “Not exactly. I’ve got a guy who sends me work when I need it. Usually I don’t ask questions, but now I’m curious as to what your father’s gotten himself into that has you caught in the middle.”

She shrugged. “I would like to know too, but I don’t see my dad telling us much. Maybe we should contact my Uncle Paolo. He knows everything and would probably be able to tell us what’s going on.”

Perhaps. But Jay would first wait to see if Felix was able to arrange that meeting. He glanced down at her bare legs and feet. His shirt came just below her upper thighs and she was completely naked underneath.

“You can’t leave here dressed like that.”

She rolled her eyes and he suppressed a grin at her exasperation, glad to see she was still her same sassy self.

“I know that. That’s why you have to go by the condo and get me some clothes.” Her eyes were suddenly clouded with worry. “But only if it’s safe to go back there.”

He nodded, though he couldn’t be sure that it was. But he did know one thing for certain—her safety, and her feelings, had become extremely important to him.

****

“Her parents are waiting for you at their condo.”

Jay picked up on Felix’ anxiety, but chose to ignore it. He was more concerned about having left Rachelle alone and wanted to hurry back to her. He had just picked up some food things and supplies for her and had been headed over to her condo when Felix had called.

“I’m heading over there now,” Jay said.

“Please tell me she’s with you because, right now, she’s all her parents are asking about. If not, you better go get her because her father’s issuing a lot of threats and I don’t need that kind of heat.”

Jay rolled his eyes at the man’s exaggeration. “I was going over there to get her some clothes, but if her parents are there, then I can kill two birds with one trip.”

Felix snorted. “Not if Provenzano kills you first.”

Jay frowned and the back of his neck prickled at the name. “Raffaele Provenzano?”

Felix let out a frustrated sound. “Yeah. The Raffaele Provenzano. Figured you’re about to meet the man so it doesn’t matter now if you know who he is. Just don’t say you heard it from me.”

Felix ended the call, and Jay sat in his truck, jarred by the news. As one of the few remaining crime families in Vegas, the name “Provenzano” was synonymous with merciless. Known for their unwavering loyalty and their ruthlessness, the Provenzano family—father, sons, and crew—were the kind of trouble Jay tended to avoid.

And Rachelle was his daughter?

Now it all made sense—the secrecy, the added protection, the attempted kidnapping. A man like Raffaele Provenzano had to have made a lot of enemies.

Jay blew out a breath and shook his head at the irony. He didn’t want to think about what Provenzano would do if he learned their relationship had crossed over to more than just him watching out for his daughter. Of all the rich girls to get involved with, it had to be with the one whose father could actually live up to every one of his threats.

Felix’s fears hadn’t been exaggerated and now he was going to face the most dangerous man this side of the coast.

When Jay arrived at the condo, he wasn’t surprised when an armed man pulled open the door. He walked into the bright, luxurious apartment to find Rachelle’s mother, Izabella, sitting on the sofa. The apartment had faint signs of damage but nothing too traumatic. By the large windows, a tall, well-dressed man turned to face him when Jay walked into the room.

So this was Raffaele Provenzano? Except in the eyes, there was little resemblance between father and daughter. But where Rachelle’s eyes were soft and mischievous, Provenzano’s was hard and calculating. Jay wasn’t easily threatened, but this man before him was certainly intimidating.

“Rachelle?” Izabella came to her feet, the fear and worry on her face tugged at him. “My daughter?”

“She’s safe,” Jay immediately answered, hoping to ease some of her panic.

“Where the hell is she?”

Jay turned to the older man who shouted the harsh command. “She’s safe,” he repeated.

Provenzano advanced toward him, his jaw clenched tight and his eyes dark with rage. He had to make the man see reason before he soon found himself no use to anyone, least of all Rachelle.

“I think under the circumstances, it’s best I keep that information on a need to know,” Jay said, glancing at the armed men by the door. “Your daughter was nearly kidnapped last night.” Izabella made an anxious sound in her throat and covered her mouth. “How can I be sure her safety won’t be compromised again?”

“I hired you to protect her,” Provenzano barked. “And it was under your watch that she was nearly taken, you fool.”

That was a truth Jay was still coming to terms with. And the reason why he wouldn’t be caught off guard again. If they all wanted to ensure her safety, it would have to be under his terms.

“Had I known what was really going on—”

“I don’t have to explain my affairs to the likes of you,” Provenzano interrupted.

“But you do to me.” Izabella rounded on him like an irate mother bear. “I can’t believe you put me and our daughter in such danger.” She grabbed Provenzano’s arm and shook it. “Please. Tell me what’s going on?”

The man paused for a moment then he sighed in frustration. “I’ve been getting threats, which is nothing new. But recently, someone has been sending threats promising to make me pay for that business at Royal Court going to shit.” Provenzano ran his hand through his peppered gray hair. “Paolo is trying to find out who the bastard is, but right now we know nothing.”

Jay listened but none of it was making any sense. According to the local news reports, Provenzano had been linked to the money-laundering scandal at Royal Courts several months ago, but what little Jay knew about it, there had been only three people implicated in the crime—only one of them a Provenzano.

Why would anyone want to go up against a dangerous man like Raffaele Provenzano? Only one of his son’s was serving time for the crime. Alongside him were Jeff Bates, the former chief of security to Royal Courts, and one of the Acerra brothers, Rome. Considering such a public crime, Raffaele Provenzano had gotten off pretty easy, and either someone was bitter about that or it was about something much bigger.

Like money.

Jay was taking a bold step, but he had to ask. “Do you trust everyone in your employ?”

Provenzano snapped his head around, his eyes flaring. “Tread carefully, young man. I don’t like what you’re implying and I would hate to kill you in mía amore’s home.”

Izabella shot him a worried glance. They all knew it wasn’t an empty threat and Jay’s instinct reminded him to be cautious around a man like him.

“I don’t mean any disrespect,” Jay said evenly. “But how many people even know you have a daughter, much less where she lives?”

Not that Jay knew much about the old crime family, but news that Rachelle was Provenzano’s daughter had been a surprise to him. It was common knowledge that Provenzano had sons, but a daughter? She didn’t even share the Provenzano name and since there was nothing to link her to him, Jay couldn’t imagine that information was easy to come by.

“I don’t care what your suspicions are,” Provenzano snapped. “My men are loyal to the core. They wouldn’t dare think to hurt what is mine.”

Jay simply inclined his head. Maybe the older man was right, but Jay’s gut told him otherwise. “Then until you can find out who is behind this, Rachelle shouldn’t be here.”

Provenzano cursed. “Who the fuck do you think you are to tell me what is best for my daughter?”

“You hired me to do a job, I’m doing it,” Jay said curtly. “The attack last night left her with nothing except the torn dress on her back, so I’m going to take back some clothes for her and once it’s safe to bring her back here, I’ll bring her back.”

“You son-of-a-bitch.” Provenzano took a step toward him and Jay could sense the alert tension from the two men by the door. “You will bring my daughter home or so help me—”

“Raffaele, stop.” Izabella’s harsh command surprised them both. “You are the one who has brought this danger to my daughter! To my home.” Her accusation was deafening and both he and Provenzano stared at her in stunned silence. “If he believes Dia is safer away from here, then I want her to stay away, until you clean this mess up.”

Provenzano ran his hands through his hair and let out a sound that was a blend of fury and frustration.

Tears glistened in Izabella’s eyes when she turned to him. “What do you need?”

“Clothes,” Jay said simply. “Whatever she’ll need to be comfortable.”

She nodded. “I’ll pack a bag.”

They both watched as she disappeared to the back of the apartment before Provenzano turned to him.

“I’ve only consented to this because I don’t want to see mía amore upset. They know little about my business, and I like to keep it that way. But don’t underestimate me, Julian Price. I know all about you, and I know what you’ve done. You may have done well to keep your life a mystery, but your past is an open book to me.”

Jay stiffened as he stared directly into the man’s hard gaze, trying to gauge how much of his past he actually knew.

“So I will leave my daughter’s safety in your hands while I find the men who dared to come after her. And once I take care of those sons-of-a-bitches and the pompinara who ordered this done, you will bring my daughter home to me.” Provenzano took a deliberate step toward him. “Just so we’re clear, if anything happens to her on your watch, I will kill you.” He paused for a moment, his next words spoken in a tone that chilled him. “And if you so much as touch her, I will kill you.”

Jay kept his expression neutral as he stared unflinchingly at Provenzano’s cold glare. “I’ll keep her safe.”

And he would. Jay would protect her with all that he had. That, he could promise.

But he’d already had her and had gotten to know her sweet touch…her warmth and her softness. There was no turning back. That line between them was beyond blurred. How was he supposed to stay away from her now?





Chapter Ten





Raffaele Provenzano is a mean son-of-a-bitch when he is riled. And tonight the Padrone is in a rage. But rage isn’t enough.

I need him to be unbridled in his fury.

Someone tried to hurt his precious little “diamond,” and now he was out for blood. But I need him to be thirsty for it. Almost desperate for revenge.

Only then will I be able to convince him that the fat fuck Jeffrey Bates is behind it all, and only then will the Padrone take action. Family was everything to Raffaele Provenzano and he will make sure the former security chief never gets out alive from his comfortable prison cell.

But unfortunately, I’m surrounded by idiots.

The imbeciles hadn’t managed to grab Rachelle as planned. Not that I wanted her hurt—she is family, afterall—but grabbing her should have been the easy part. And once I had her, I would have hidden her someplace nice and comfortable. Just for a little while. Only long enough for the Padrone to let his rage and desperation consume him. Then I would be able to effortlessly steer him toward Bates, who very much deserved to die.

The bastard thinks he can steal from me and hide what is rightfully mine inside Royal Courts? The man only dared because the Padrone didn’t demand respect like he once had. But I’m going to change that and for Bate’s deliberate disrespect, I’m going to make sure he suffers before he dies in his cell. But only the Padrone had the power to do it.

I just need to give him a reason.

Taking away the Padrone’s only beloved daughter is the surest way to get him to act. Before the fuck up last night, everything had been going according to plan. The subtle threats I had arranged for him to receive had scared the Padrone enough to have him hire protection for her. I was even able to convince him to hire someone outside the family, someone disposable, so none of our people got caught in the crossfire if things went south.

But those idiots I hired to grab her only managed to get the shit beat out of them with nothing to show for it except a bloody face and a damn broken wrist.

Now that the Padrone’s precious gem is safely hidden away, he is lucid in his rage. Even if I’m able to convince him that Bates was behind her attempted kidnapping last night, the Padrone wouldn’t act without solid proof. He’s gotten soft like that.

So I need to raise the stakes.

Since the Padrone isn’t letting his mistress out of his sight, I can’t touch her. Finding Rachelle is the only way I can move forward with my plan. And it’s a good plan—I get rid of Bates, retrieve the file from Royal Courts, collect my money, and no one will be the wiser.

Not even the formidable Raffaele Provenzano.

First things first, though… I need to get the man protecting her out of my way. He’s proving to be a quite competent and quite a nuisance. But to do this, I need to find someone who will be discreet about putting a bullet in the back of another man’s head. And who couldn’t be traced back to me.

It looks like finding someone to get rid of Julian Price was going to be quite a challenge. But not impossible. I should feel guilty, but I don’t. The opposite, in fact. The man was a nobody. He certainly was no innocent. He had killed before and would probably kill again.

That made him dispensable.





Chapter Eleven





Rachelle sat down beside Jay on his old couch, tucking her legs beneath her. Dressed in long, pink lounge pants and a white tank top, she hadn’t realized how great it would feel to be wearing her own clothes again. As soon as Jay had gotten back, dragging in the large suitcase her mother had packed, he had put her on the phone with her parents. To her frustration, her father hadn’t told her much, but Jay had filled her in about the threats her father had received and that until they found the men responsible, it was safer for her to stay out of sight for a while.

She wasn’t sure how she should feel about being stuck with Jay for an indefinite amount of time, but she realized she didn’t hate the idea.

“Is that really a gun?” He nodded and she watched him carefully handled the various parts of the dismantled weapon. There were a lot of pieces. “What are you doing with it?”

“Cleaning it.”

“Why?”

“Because it needs it.”

Rachelle sighed in exasperation. “Do you know what it means to have a conversation?”

He stopped his cleaning and turned to her, his eyebrows pulling together in a frown. “Isn’t that what we’re doing?”

She frowned. “No. A conversation is saying more than three words.” He shrugged and resumed his cleaning. “So…how often do you clean it?”

“Whenever they need it.”

She gritted her teeth, wondering if he was purposely trying to annoy her. But then she concluded his conversational skills just needed more work.

“Why now? Do you plan to carry it around?” She wasn’t comfortable with that thought. It was enough that Jay has a menacing presence. He didn’t need to have a gun to underscore it. “Do you really think you need to?”

His sigh was long and loud. “I’m cleaning these because they’ve been in storage for a while and yes, I’ll be carrying a piece from now on so I need them in good, firing condition.” With that, he turned his focus back to his cleaning.

Rachelle sat back on the sofa. “See, was that so hard?”

He grunted.

“Why are there so many pieces?”

“Because there’s two.”

“Do you really need two?”

“The other one’s for you,” he replied, still not looking at her. “In case you need it when I’m not here.”

Rachelle shook her head. “I don’t want it.” Just looking at the hard, black pieces on the table made her shiver. Even in their dismembered condition, the weapon looked violent and lethal.

“It’s not a matter of what you want, princess. You never know when you’ll need it.”

“Well, I don’t know how to use one. I’d probably make a mistake and end up shooting myself than some attacker.”

He turned to look at her. “Your father never taught you how to use a gun?”

She cocked her head to the side and stared at him curiously. “Why would he teach me how to use a gun?”

Jay lifted a brow. “The man must have an arsenal and a few skilled people to teach you. Why would he leave you so defenseless?”

Her spine straightened at the not-so-subtle accusation in his voice. “I’m not defenseless,” she said sharply. “I can—” She stopped. She wanted to tell him she could take care of herself, but that would be a lie. Last night had proved that when faced with danger she was completely useless. “My father doesn’t have an arsenal. And don’t look at me like that. I know what people say about him, but it’s not true. He’s not a criminal. He’s just a businessman who takes his work seriously.”

He stared at her for a moment and the hard, piercing look in his eyes were unnerving. “Why didn’t you tell me your father was Raffaele Provenzano?”

She shrugged and stared down at her hands. “It’s not like I want to keep it a secret, but my father is a successful businessman with a family already. It’s easier for him, his first family, and his reputation if people don’t know about us.”

“It’s more to it than that, princess. You just don’t know what kind of man your father really is.”

“I know exactly who he is,” she defended. “He’s a loving, caring man who’s protective of his family and all that he’s worked for. Do you know what kind of man yours is?”

He tensed, his expression becoming stoic. Eerily so. “No, I don’t. He split when my mother was pregnant with me.”

Rachelle was immediately contrite about her thoughtless words. “Oh.” At that moment, she felt stupid and mean. “I’m sorry.”

He shrugged and returned his attention back to reassembling the guns. “My stepfather raised me like I was his own, though. So to answer your question, yeah, I knew exactly who he was.”

“Are you two close?”

“He’s dead.”

She sucked in a breath. His abrupt response invited no questions on that subject. “What about your mom? Are you close with her?”

“She passed around the same time he did.”

Rachelle stared at his broad back, wanting to reach out and touch him, to comfort him, but she didn’t know how receptive he would be to that so she kept her hands on her lap.

“I’m so sorry. That must have been rough.” When he didn’t respond, she asked, “How old were you?” For a moment, she didn’t think he would answer.

“Fourteen.”

She frowned, unable to imagine him so young, having lost both his parents at an age when he was probably discovering himself. She remembered her early teens and how she had been eager to distance herself from her parents, to become her own person, yet at the same time, she had still been physically and emotionally dependent on them.

“I’m sorry.” She was starting to sound like a parrot, but she couldn’t think of anything else to say. “What happened to them?”

He paused in his mechanical movements for a moment. “Life happened.”

They sat in strained silence for a while and she simply watched as he began reassembling the second gun. She couldn’t stand the awkward tension between them.

“Can I ask you another question?”

“You mean you have more?”

She couldn’t tell if he was teasing her so she asked anyway. “Why don’t you have a TV?”

He shrugged. “I’m never really home so there’s no need for one.”

“But you have a lot of books.”

He glanced at her and the corner of his lips quirked up. “You say it like you’re surprised.”

“Well, I am.”

He shook his head and turned back to his task. “Of course you are. I guess you expected a meathead like me to have a big screen TV and a pile of video games.”

Rachelle snorted, though her cheeks warmed when she remembered her earlier insults. “No, just by looking at your phone, I wouldn’t expect you to be that tech savvy.”

She couldn’t imagine him playing any kind of game, much less video games. The man had a flip phone and didn’t even appear to own a laptop. With those to consider, she probably shouldn’t be all that surprised that he lived very simply.

“I just thought you would be more of a sports game watching kind of guy. Not the kind reading about history or autobiographies.”

“I’m sorry my current collection doesn’t interest you. Tell me what you like to read and I’ll get it the next time I’m out.”

She hesitated. “I’m not much of a reader,” she confessed. At his questioning glance, she blushed, realizing how that must make her sound. “I mean, I read. But mostly magazines. Or poetry books.”

His eyes widened slightly. It was his sudden interest that gave her the confidence to reveal to him what no one else knew about her. Not even her best friend. “I also write. Poetry, I mean.”

“Oh, yeah?”

She nodded, her face still warm. From his sudden grin, she couldn’t tell if he was impressed or if he was laughing at her. She searched his eyes and to her relief, he looked genuinely intrigued.

“Just when I think I’ve got you all figured out, you up and surprise me.” He turned back to completing his task and said over his shoulder. “I’m not much into poetry, but I wouldn’t mind hearing some of yours.”

Her face heated some more. “Well, I only write for myself,” she admitted. “And they’re all a little…sexy.”

“Sexy, huh? Now I have to hear this.”

He turned around and looked at her expectantly. She frowned, her face on fire now. She nervously ran her hands through her wild curls.

“Now?” He nodded expectantly. “But I don’t have my notebook.”

He shrugged his wide shoulders. “So? Do you really need it?”

“It would help.”

“Just give me a verse,” he urged with a smile. “A very sexy one. I promise not to judge.”

Rachelle looked away from him. She had never shared her poems with anyone, too afraid to find out what people would think of her or her erotic musings. She hadn’t had much experience to draw from, but her poems had stemmed from her fantasies of her dream lover. With Jay, however, she wouldn’t have to fantasize. Last night, he had made her feel things she had only dreamed of and he had taken her to a place that was better than anything she could have imagined.

“Okay,” she relented. “But you have to turn around.”

He frowned. “What?”

“I’m serious,” she said, shielding her face with her hands. “You can’t look at me.”

“Fine,” he said with a heavy sigh, though there was amusement in his voice.

She lowered her hands and stared down at her palms as if she could find the words there. “This one is called Butterflying.” She paused for a moment then began to recite the first poem she’d ever written, the one she’d been working on for years. “It’s dark and shadows of lust cocoon me.” She closed her eyes, concentrating on her words. It helped to keep her eyes closed. She couldn’t see him and that gave her the courage to continue. But as she tried to remember the words, her palms became sweaty. This was the first time she was sharing her poems with anyone and she was nervous. In the end, she opened her eyes to find him staring at her, his expression unreadable. That poem was one of her favorites, but she was still trying to find the right ending for it.

“It’s really not all that good yet, but I’m still working on it. I know it doesn’t—”

“It’s good,” he interrupted.

She blushed. “No, it’s not, but thanks.”

“Don’t short change yourself,” he said. “You’ve got a talent. Own it.”

She stared at him searchingly. That was easier said than done. He was the only one she’d shared her poetry with, but his words gave her a spark of encouragement and she smiled at him in appreciation. He got up from the couch and went to his bookshelf. He came back with a plain notebook and handed it to her.

“Here. Every writer needs a notebook, right?”

Her heart skipped at the considerate gesture. Her first gift from him. “And a pen,” she teased, reaching for the thin, spiral bound book. “But this is a start. Thank you, Julian.”

There was a familiar tension in him that she recognized. He was turned on and that was more a compliment than anything else could have been. She wanted him hot for her. She also wanted him to kiss her, to touch her. But he did neither.

Instead, he nodded stiffly and went back to finishing his task, the muscles in his arms flexing. Her gaze fell on the sharp lines of his tattoos and she suddenly noticed some of the circular, faintly puckered scars along his forearm. Some of them were hidden beneath the dark tattoo. Without thinking, she ran her fingers along one of them. His arm tensed under her touch, but he didn’t pull away.

“What happened?”

“It’s nothing.”

They didn’t look like nothing. “But they look like—”

“I said it’s nothing.”

Her back stiffened at the sharp edge in his tone and she let her hand drop. Her father had the same scar on his palm so she recognized it for what it was. But if he didn’t want to talk about his obvious burn marks, then she wouldn’t press him. She refused, however, to sit in tense, awkward silence.

“So…how long did that take?”

“What?”

“Your tattoo.”

He looked down at his arm. “About six, seven hours. I can’t remember.”

“Did it hurt?”

He smiled wryly. “Not as much as my broken arm.”

Her eyes widened with surprise. “You tattooed your arm while it was broken?”

He shook his head. “No, my other arm was. I needed to do something to take my mind off the occasional pain.”

She stared at him, incredulous. “So you thought having a needle poking your arm for six hours was the better alternative?”

He shrugged. “I was twenty-one. Young and dumb.”

“Did it work?”

“No. Both arms hurt like hell.”

She shook her head and laughed. If it hurt half as much as it had when she’d gotten her belly button pierced, she couldn’t understand why anyone would subject themselves to that kind of pain. For that many hours. With a broken arm.

“You are an odd duck, Julian Price.”

He shrugged again, but she didn’t miss the small smile that tugged at his lips. With both guns neatly assembled on the small table, he began packing up the cleaning supplies and dirty rags. He didn’t say a word when he grabbed a black, thin jacket from the closet.

“Are you going somewhere?”

“I have a few things to take care of. I won’t be long.” He tucked one of the guns behind his waistband then slipped on the jacket. With his size, he only looked more dangerous with the added layer. He placed the second gun into the bedside dresser. “Until I can teach you how to use a weapon properly, we’ll keep this one in here.”

She didn’t want to learn to use one at all, but didn’t want to reopen that discussion. He came up to her and reached into his pocket.

“Before I forget. Here.”

Rachelle took the small silver cell phone he handed to her. “What’s this?”

“Your new phone.”

She narrowed her eyes at him then peered down at the most basic cell she’d seen in her life. “A flip phone. Very funny.”

His lips quirked. “It's a pre-paid. For calls only. My numbers already programmed in.”

She shook her head. “I doubt it could do much else,” she murmured dryly. She went to the contacts and saw that there was only one number listed inside. “Can it at least send a text?”

“I’m sure it can. But don’t overdo it. It’s for emergencies only.”

Rachelle glanced at the silver phone in her hand and groaned. She was the one who had been attacked. Why was she the one being punished? “This is so unfair.”

He winked at her as he headed to the door. “Get used to it, princess. You’re in my world now.”

Rachelle watched as he left the loft and stared back down at the phone. “Well, this should be interesting.” If his “world” consisted of throwaway phones and guns, she couldn’t imagine what she was in for.

****

Jay made his way into the city, thinking about the girl he’d left back in his loft. He needed to wrap up a few loose ends and jobs then he could devote his time to protecting her…

Provenzano’s daughter.

Jay forced himself to keep that fact in mind, though every time he looked at her, he didn’t see the offspring of one of the most dangerous men in Las Vegas—or a forbidden fruit. He saw a beautiful woman who literally set his blood on fire just by the sight, sound, and smell of her.

Sure, Rachelle was a handful, and very spoiled, but he had gotten her all wrong. She had been living an extremely sheltered existence for probably most of her life. Hell, she was even blinded by who her father was. He couldn’t fault her if that was all she knew—or all she’d been taught. Judging by the way she and her mother lived, it was clear her infamous father made it a habit to keep his women dependent on him.

Yet, underneath the makeup, expensive clothes, and attitude was a strong-willed and passionate woman. She was sugar and spice wrapped in a sexy little frame and undoubtedly his most challenging job yet.

Provenzano’s warning rang in Jay’s head, but it was dimmed by his voracious appetite for her. No woman had ever pissed him off or made him so hard he couldn’t think straight as much as Rachelle Silva did. Though a part of him shouted that he forget about last night and concentrate on the job, another part of him didn’t care who her father was or the risks that came from getting involved with her. She was one of a kind and if she wanted him as much he did her, there was nothing or no one that could come between that. She was all his and he was all hers.

And that reckless part of him was winning.





Chapter Twelve





Rachelle jumped off the couch as soon as Jay walked through the door. “If I don’t get out of this apartment, I’m going to scream.”

Jay raised a brow. “That’s not a good idea.”

She let out a frustrated sigh. “I’m not asking you to take me to a club. I just need some fresh air.” He shook his head and but she pressed on. “I’ll even just sit in your truck.”

She had been stuck in his apartment all day and was quickly finding out that she wasn’t the stay-at-home-and-sit-still type. She had spent the majority of the day alone with no one to talk to except the brick walls. Now she was bored out of her mind. With evening fast approaching, she couldn’t bear another minute inside.

“Please, Jay.”

He stared at her for a second then relented. “Go change your clothes.”

Rachelle quickly changed out of her lounge pants and into skinny jeans and a fitted top. Her mother had packed an assortment of different outfits, though much of her wardrobe was designed to hug around her curved or show skin. Even her footwear consisted of heels and she even realized she didn’t own one pair of flats.

She skipped over to him in her wedge heels. “Where are we going?”

He frowned at her and stared fixedly at her exposed midriff and navel ring. “Why are you dressed like that?”

She glanced down at herself. “What’s wrong with what I have on?”

“We’re just going out for a drive,” he said tightly. “Not out for a good time.”

Her lips quirked up, but she rolled her eyes. “Just because we’re going to be cooped up in your truck doesn’t mean I can’t look nice.”

“You’re going to draw too much attention dressed like that.”

“If that’s your backhanded way of telling me I look nice, then thanks. I guess. But I hate to break this to you, but women dress for other women. Very little has to do with you men. I mean, the attention is nice, but only a woman would understand quality and style. We praise and hate each other for it, but only because it takes a confident woman, like myself, to rock seven-inch stilettos and make it look easy.”

He shook his head. “Why would anyone wear seven-inch…never mind.” He walked to his dresser and pulled out a ball cap. “Pull your hair back.”

She did, winding the curls into a loose, messy bun at her nape. He fitted the cap on her head then examined her.

“It’s not much, but it’ll have to do,” he murmured.

“It it really that dangerous for me to go out?” Try as she might, she couldn’t keep the tremble from her voice.

His gaze softened. “Don’t worry, princess. I won’t let anything happen to you.”

They drove around for a few minutes before stopping to pick up takeout from a small Mexican restaurant. She couldn’t help but mention to him that he hadn’t bothered to ask her what she wanted, to which he responded by ignoring her. That didn’t stop her though.

“I’m just saying,” she continued. “It’s polite to ask first.”

“I’ll keep that in mind,” he muttered.

She had half-expected them to return to his loft to eat their fast-food dinner. Instead, he continued driving until nothing but dirt and boulders surrounded them.

“Where are we going?” she asked as they drove further away from the city. Dusk was settling in, painting the sky a multitude of orange, red, and purple.

“Someplace you’re not very good at being.”

She frowned in confusion. “And what’s that?”

He smirked. “Quiet.” She narrowed her eyes at that, and his grin widened. “Just kidding.”

“You’re not funny,” she mumbled, turning to look out the window. “But if you want quiet, I’ll give you quiet.”

For the rest of the drive, she ignored him and took in the scenery around her. It was pretty peaceful—a word she had never associated with Las Vegas. She was a native of the city, and considered herself a city girl who enjoyed the unfettered part of her environment. Whenever she travelled, she made sure there was a dance club, a pool, or a beach close by. But the nature surrounding them captivated her.

She watched as the setting sun cast a deep orange glow over the desert, illuminating the rocks and boulders until they appeared a dusky reddish brown.

Jay turned into a dirt road and up a small hill, until they came up to a high, fiery-red rock formation. He stopped the car and reached behind their seats and pulled out a thick wool blanket.

“Come on. Grab the food.”

Rachelle followed him around to the back of his truck. He lowered the tailgate and threw the blanket inside. She was next.

He grabbed her by the waist and lifted her high.

“What—” she sputtered, slapping her hand on her head to keep the cap from flying off. Before she could formulate her thoughts, he had her in the truck bed and jumped in after her.

Her next thought was to tell him she had no intention of eating in the back of his truck, exposed to dust and bugs, until she noticed the view. Perched on the hill, they overlooked the road and desert. Jay’s truck bed faced the direction of the setting sun, which snuck down behind the distant mountains, leaving embers of flames sprayed against the slow moving clouds. It was like they were all alone in the world and goose bumps ran up her arms at the stark beauty before her. In the road below, a car raced past, raising a trail of dirt behind it and breaking her illusion of any privacy on this beautiful, barren piece of land.

She turned to find Jay spreading the blanket on the truck bed floor then sat down, his back against the rear window. He motioned for her to join him and she settled down beside him. She hadn’t realized how small the back was, though it could have very well been Jay’s size creating that illusion. Her arm brushed against his and a tingle of awareness ran through her. He paused for a split second, as if he had also felt the sharp current passing between them, before resuming his task of spreading out their simple meal.

“How did you find out about this place?” Rachelle asked, needing to think of something else besides his big, hard body right beside her.

“My old trainer, Gil.”

Rachelle took the taco he handed her and waited for him to continue. When she realized that was all he was going to offer, she nudged him in the side. “Do I have to remind you what a conversation is again?”

His sigh was stronger than the wind. “His wife, Rosa, used to own the restaurant. Now she doesn’t.”

Rachelle frowned, confused. Suddenly, it dawned on her that he was taking about Rosa’s Taquería, the small restaurant he’d ordered their now cold tacos and burritos.

She chuckled. “We really need to work on our communication,” she muttered. “I wasn’t talking about the food. I meant how did you know about this spot.”

“Gil also introduced me to this place. He brought me up here a few times to spar, and sometimes to just clear my head before a fight.”

She looked up from the taco she had unwrapped. “Fight?” He nodded. “So you used to box?”

“Something like that.” He took a big bite of his burrito.

They ate in silence, listening to the soft wind and shifting sands of the desert. The sun was now gone, leaving behind only dim blue shadows and the faint glow of the overhead light in the cab of the truck. The temperature had dropped, making the hot summer weather nice and bearable.

They finished their basic dinner and quickly cleaned up. Though she was starting to regret wearing her thin, midriff-baring top, she was in no rush to leave. A small, cool breeze blew past, but she welcomed it, inhaling deeply. She leaned back against him and drew her knees up, hugging them to her. He stiffened for a brief moment then looped his arm around her. She burrowed deeper into him, absorbing his heat, as she looked up to admire the tiny stars now sprinkling the dark sky.

“Thanks for bringing me out here. It’s really nice.”

He grunted, but she didn’t take offense. She was slowly starting to realize he was a man of few words.

“Who would have thought our first date would be in the middle of nowhere,” she teased.

He tensed against her and she immediately regretted the words. They hadn’t labeled their “relationship.” For all she knew, he was still the guy her father had hired to watch out for her. Sleeping together may not have changed anything as far as he was concerned.

“You count this as a date?” he finally asked, his tone neutral.

She shrugged nonchalantly, suddenly embarrassed and grateful he couldn’t see her face clearly. He didn’t sound panicked or horrified. That had to be a good sign. “You bought me dinner, didn’t you?”

“If this was a date, I’d buy you more than just tacos.”

“Really?” She smiled slightly. “If this was a date, where would you go?” She couldn’t see him at some fancy restaurant. Then again, he was already sort of an enigma with a romantic streak to bring her to this breathtaking place. Maybe under different circumstances their first date would be much more romantic…

“If this was a date, princess, I would take you to the classiest burger joint this city has to offer.”

He chuckled when she jabbed her elbow into his side again. “You’re really not funny. Do yourself a favor and don’t quit your day job.” She paused then pulled away and turned to him. “What is your day job anyway?”

“Right now? It’s watching out for you.”

“So you’re like a professional bodyguard?”

He shrugged. “Among other things.”

She frowned at that. That had to be the vaguest direct answer she’d ever heard. “Like what?”

“This and that.”

She bit the inside of her cheek to suppress her rising frustration. “How long have you been doing this and that?”

“Five years.”

“And you’re happy living like that? Is that really how you make a living?”

He turned away from her, staring into the distance. “It pays the bills.”

“Does it pay more than boxing or whatever it was you were doing before.”

He tensed, his jaw clenched. She didn’t need the glare from inside the truck or the glow from the full moon to see the irritation there.

“What’s with the interrogation? Are you trying to figure out if I can afford to be with you? Because the short answer to that is probably not.”

Rachelle’s back stiffened. What the hell? How did an innocent conversation turn into this? If he thought she was trying to point out his shortcomings, he was wrong.

“It’s not like it,” she said coolly, working hard to hold on to her temper. “I was just trying to figure you out.”

“Well, you don’t have to. I’m not some mental case you need to work out. So just stop with the questions.”

She threw her hands up in defeat. “You know what, Jay, I’m not gonna fight with you. Though you’re wrong about the mental case part. Only a nut job would get this pissed off over a few questions.” She began to rise, fully intending to go back into the truck. It was too nice out to fuel this pointless argument and if he wanted to stay out here and sulk, she’d leave him to it. “All I wanted was to get to know you better,” she mumbled to herself as she got to her feet.

He grabbed her arm and pulled her back down. “Wait. I’m sorry.”

Rachelle sat back on her haunches and waited. He would have to be the one to share this time. She wasn’t going to initiate.

“I wasn’t a boxer,” he began. “Not technically anyway. I was an MMA fighter. Mixed martial arts. It’s like a crazy blend of boxing, wrestling, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. I started off fighting unprofessionally then went on to fight professionally for seven years. The money was crap until I made a name for myself. Even then it wasn’t much.” He shrugged. “But at the time, I hadn’t been doing it for the money.”

“What were you doing it for?”

He continued to look out at the distance and she followed his line of vision. There was nothing but darkness that stretched ahead, illuminated by the faint glow from the city lights on the horizon and the moon up above. He took a while before he replied. “It helped me relax.”

She thought that was bizarre. Of all the things someone could do to relax, fighting seemed like the last thing. “Then why’d you stop?”

“It was time to retire.” He had one knee raised and his arm draped over it, but his casual stance didn’t fool her. Tension radiated in waves from him. “I was twenty-eight, not in my prime anymore and had been fighting for a total of eleven years. That’s longer than average for many MMA fighters.”

“You sound like you miss it.”

The comment elicited a small smile from him and he turned to her. She liked it when he smiled.

“Yeah. Sometimes.”

She reached out and lightly trailed her finger along his chin. “Is that how you got this?” she asked, tracing the thin scar that marred his skin there. He grew very still but nodded. Rachelle brought her hand back to her lap. “So what do you do now to relax?”

His eyes burn through her clothes and into her skin. “I find other ways,” he whispered warmly.

Heat washed over her. His dark, sensual tone made her think of the night he had kissed and touched and licked parts of her no other man had ever come near. She didn’t regret sleeping with him, and wondered if he would do those things to her again tonight. She wanted him to. In fact, she wanted him to kiss her now, under the soft glow of the moonlight. She placed her hand against his broad chest and felt the steady beating of his heart. He tensed beneath her fingers then snaked his arm around her waist and drew her near.

His lips were inches away from hers when she blurted, “Do you like me, Jay?” She stifled a groan at her anxious tone.

His gaze became alert. “What do you mean?”

“I mean, do you like me,” she said again. “It was only yesterday you hated my guts and now…”

He frowned. “I never hated you.”

She looked at him searchingly, trying to make out his sincerity in the darkness.

“What brought this up?”

She shrugged. “I was just thinking about us. About last night.”

Jay’s eyes slid down at her lips. “I’ve thought about last night too,” he murmured huskily.

Her body tingled at his words, but she didn’t want to let her lust for him cloud her judgment before she got to learn whether he even liked and respected her.

“Guys have sex with girls they don’t even like all time. I just don’t want, you know, the sex between us to be some kind of payback for you.”

“Payback for what? For being a bitch to me?”

Her lips tightened. “It wasn’t like you were Prince Charming,” she muttered. “But yes, I guess I was a little mean to you when we first met.”

He scoffed. “A little?” She shrugged again. “Either way,” he continued, “I wouldn’t use sex to get even. I’m not that big a bastard.” He pulled her closer to him and dropped a kiss on the corner of her lips. “How many times do I have to tell you I slept with you because I wanted you. Not out of some kind of revenge.” He kissed her again. “I wanted you then and I want you now. Hell, I wanted you the moment I saw you.”

“Really? You didn’t act like it.”

“Well, it was hard to when you were pissing me off and all.”

“You called me a spoiled brat.”

The corner of his lips curved. “You called me a meathead asshole jerk, all in one breath.”

Her face flushed with embarrassment but she returned his grin with a sheepish one. “I did?” He nodded. “I guess that was my way of telling you I liked you.”

He scoffed. “No, that was you being a spoiled brat.”

“But I’m not,” she said forcefully.

He looked at her thoughtfully. “Okay, why don’t we prove it?”

She narrowed her eyes at him suspiciously. “How?”

“I’m going in tomorrow to help Gil with some work around his gym. I was going to bring you with me, since I’d feel more comfortable with you by my side, then alone at the apartment. While you’re there, you can help with the cleaning. If you last the day without complaining, I’ll eat my words.”

Rachelle thought about it. She’d never had a job before, but she wasn’t daunted by the task.

“Gil and his son, Tristan, are former cops, so between the three of us, you’ll be safe,” Jay said as if she needed the added assurance. She didn’t. He’d managed to keep her safe so far and she trusted him to keep doing so.

“Okay. I’m happy to help out.” She had never cleaned anything in her life, but how bad could it be? “And you’ll be eating your words soon enough.”

“If you break down and complain once or say one shallow thing, you lose and you owe me.”

“Fine. Name your price, Mr. Price,” she challenged.

“I don’t want money.” His tone took on that sensually warm quality and her breath caught at the stark desire on his face.

“Then what do you want?”

He leaned forward. “How about a kiss?” he whispered close to her ear.

His warm breath tickled her skin, and she shivered. “Okay,” she breathed.

His gaze flicked down to her lips. She held her breath and waited for his lips to touch hers. It was soft and gentle, but she wanted more. She clutched the front of his shirt and opened her lips to invite him in. Her tongue glided against his as they teased and tasted each other. She brought her hands to his shoulders and pressed her body against his hard frame. She brought her hands down to his abdomen, and he pulled his lips away. She looked at him through hooded eyes. His face was flush and taut with desire.

“What are you doing?” he asked hoarsely. “That’s not part of our bet.”

“I know.” She brought her hand further down and stopped at the thick bulge straining against his jeans. “But I want you.” She slowly curved her fingers around the hard outline and he sucked in a jerky breath. “And you want me.”

“Since the beginning.” His gaze lowered as his arms wrapped around her hips and brought her even closer to him. He kissed her with a fire and need that drove out any lingering doubt. He lay her down on the flatbed and in one motion, pulled up her top. She hadn’t worn a bra and the cool night air brushed against her heated skin and her nipples beaded from the sensation.

“You’re so damn sexy,” he murmured. It was as if he was warring with himself then he leaned down and licked the sensitive skin between her neck and shoulders. He brought his lips down to her breast and suckled strongly at the extended nipple, rolling his tongue leisurely around the sensitive nub. She threw her head back and moaned, clutching at his shoulders.

He jerked down her tight jeans as she fumbled with his buckle. Their movements were wild and impatient and limited by the narrow space of the truck bed. Once they were freed from their clothes, he fell between her thighs, his hard erection butting against her soft, wet opening. She waited eagerly for him to come inside her. He braced himself on his forearm and kissed her. Tenderly at first, but when she reached between their bodies and grabbed his straining shaft, he groaned deeply and began consuming her like a man starved. Her grip on him tightened and she began to squeeze and stroke him just as eagerly, until he grew even harder in her hand.

With a harsh groan, he tore his lips from hers. “Stop.”

He sounded in pain so she stayed her movements, but she didn’t release him. “I like touching you,” she whispered, kissing his jaw. “You’re so big and hard.”

He groaned then laughed. “Rachelle…”

She shivered at his husky words then guided his hard shaft into her. He pushed into her slowly, controlling the pace, but she lifted her hips, eager to take all of him. When he thrust fully into her, she stifled a cry. She was stretched unbearably around his thick, hard shaft, but the sensation of him filling her was too pleasurable for words.

He rested his forehead over hers as he clenched and unclenched the muscles in his jaw. “Does it hurt?”

She shook her head, running her hands over his shoulders and neck. She tightened her legs around him and thrust her hips upward, wanting to take in all of him. With a low growl, he plunged into her deeply. She held on to him, her hips meeting him thrust for thrust as their bodies came together with sharp slaps as he drove into her again and again, his movements untamed. She didn’t want him to be gentle with her. She wanted his raw, wild, and uninhibited passion.

Her moans filled the quiet, desert air as the force of him pushing into shook the truck and sent her on a collision that devastated her senses. She dug her nails into his biceps as her body tightened violently around him and she convulsed uncontrollably. A burst of tiny white lights flashed behind her tightly clenched eyes, reminding her of the stars floating above them.

His release was just as hard and forceful as he stiffened then shuddered above her. With her arms tightened around him, she continued to travel through a haze of ecstasy, not ready to come crashing back to reality…and not ready to let him go just yet.





Chapter Thirteen





From across the room, Jay watched as Rachelle swept the broom over the small specks of debris in the corner of the wide gym.

He grinned. She handled her task with all the grace of someone swatting a fly and mashing it on the ground. With her hair tied up in a bun and her face flushed from her exertions, she looked absolutely miserable. Sweat beaded along her forehead and down her slender neck, staining the front of her burgundy tank top. He’d been right before. Sweat looked good on her.

But he didn’t tell her that. Not in the mood she was in, though she was doing her best not to complain. So far she hadn’t. Not really, anyway.

“What was that?” he asked when she muttered something else.

She threw him a hot glare. “I said I’m enjoying myself.”

Jay chuckled.

Gil looked confused. “Doesn’t look like you are, honey. I’m not sure if you’re trying to punish the floor or the broom.”

“Looks like both,” Jay muttered, shaking his head. Her misery wouldn’t have been so amusing if she hadn’t been trying so hard to pretend to be happy about the chore.

“You don’t have to act like the work is fun to spare my feelings, honey,” Gil offered. “I know this place is filthy. I just hadn’t realized it had gotten so bad.”

“It’s okay,” she said, glancing over at Jay’s direction. He winked at her. “It’s my pleasure.”

Jay shook his head. If telling herself that helped her get through it, he wouldn’t take that away from her. “It would probably help if you took those gloves off, princess.”

Gil nodded in agreement. “You’d have a stronger grip on the handle.”

She looked down at her hands. “But my nails—” She stopped when he raised a brow and peeled off the oversized yellow rubber gloves. “Fine.”

“You know, a pretty thing like you shouldn’t be spending your day cleaning up my mess,” Gil said. “But I really appreciate your help.”

She looked up at the older man, her face softening into a big smile. “You’re welcome, Gil.”

Jay watched as she returned to her sweeping. Gil had taken an instant liking to her. She had been sweet and charming before the work began, and when Gil found out she was half Brazilian, he had been completely won over, even chatting with her in Portuguese. Jay also discovered that she spoke a total of four languages and he listened as they chatted a bit in Spanish and she taught Gil some Italian.

What surprised and annoyed Jay the most about the whole thing was the jealousy he felt over the extra attention she was giving the older man.

“If she were mine, I wouldn’t take my eyes off her either.” Gil’s brownish green eyes twinkled with amusement.

Jay turned to his former trainer, unaware he’d still been staring. Though he hadn’t exactly introduced Rachelle as his, he liked the sound of that. A little too much. Jay frowned and resumed moving the gym equipment to the other end of the gym. She wasn’t his and he needed to remember that. Or at the very least, find a way to convince his body of that. His good intentions were being trampled by his need for her and her desires for him. Whenever she touched him, his better judgment disintegrated into nothing.

The rest of the afternoon, Jay did his best to ignore her as he hooked the punching bags back up to the slates on the ceiling and moved some of the extra training gear into the locker rooms. They would need the space once they began building the boxing ring.

Jay was just coming back from his third trip from the locker room when Gil’s son decided to finally show up. The other man stood too close to Rachelle, smiling at something she said. Though Jay considered Tristan Delgado a friend, he couldn’t help the rising annoyance that was building up in him as Tristan flashed her one of his charming smiles. Tristan had always used his looks shamelessly on women because it came easy for him. Despite being ex-cop turned private investigator, Tristan had the looks and arrogance befitting someone in Hollywood.

Rachelle blushed and smiled at something Tristan said and Jay’s irritation swiftly turned into a burning jealousy. He’d sparred with Tristan in the ring a few times for practice, but right now he’d have no qualms ramming his fist in his friend’s too-handsome face. Rachelle’s light laughter travelled to where he stood and his patience snapped.

“Rachelle!” His harsh command echoed through the gym and she whirled to him. “Come here.”

She took her time strolling over to him. Jay kept his gaze on Tristan, who didn’t appear bothered by his hard glare, but neither did he let his eyes wander down her shapely thighs and ass, which were provocatively displayed in her cutoff jeans and high wedge sandals. The woman owned nothing flat.

“Yes, Julian?”

He frowned down at her, but her bright, sweet smile proved distracting. He couldn’t think with her looking up at him like that. With her brilliant smile in place, she crooked her finger at him. Without thinking, he leaned down toward her. She looped her arms around his neck and kissed him.

He froze, stunned by the sudden action. Aside from the moment in the back of his truck last night—a moment permanently imprinted on his brain—they kept their intimate relationship reserved for the privacy of his loft. But her soft lips and sweet taste tugged at him. He placed a hand on her waist and drew her close. Before he could deepen the kiss, she pulled away.

“There,” she whispered thickly. “Now everyone will know I’m yours.”

Those simple words shifted something in him. The resistance he tried yet failed to preserve finally dissolved, allowing in the possessiveness he held for her.

“Are you mine, princess?”

Tucking her lower lip between her teeth, she nodded. “All yours. You don’t have to be jealous of Tristan. He’s hot, but you’re hotter.” She stroked his cheek, a twinkle in her eye. “And you’re the one I want.”

She pulled away from him and went back to her sweeping, this time with a small smile on her face—the same one she wore when she nestled against his side after they’d both come down from a mind-altering orgasm.

In that moment he realized he was in serious trouble.

****

Rachelle was so thrilled by Jay’s unexpected jealousy, the back breaking task of sweeping no longer bothered her. Though he hadn’t outright admitted it, the glares he occasionally shot Tristan was proof enough.

It wasn’t that she had sought out to make him jealous, unlike before when she’d been unsure of herself. Now that things were different between them, she had no doubt that he wanted her. It was in the way he touched her and made sure all her needs were met. His possessiveness proved she meant more to him than just a piece of ass.

Rachelle sat on an overturned bucket, watching the men finish up the gym’s new boxing ring. It was nice to have a break, but it was even nicer to watch Jay lift the heavy gym equipment and building supplies, his black shirt clinging to his rippling muscles. Watching him made her body tingle and her stomach flutter.

Though Tristan Delgado was an extremely good-looking guy, with his dark hair, beautiful smile, and hazel eyes, Jay was the one she craved.

When the men began to place the gym equipment in their proper places, Rachelle got up to help. She may not have enjoyed all the manual labor asked of her today, she had done a great job keeping Jay from seeing that. And knowing she had helped get the gym in some semblance of order filled her with a sense of joy and accomplishment.

“So you and Shark are a thing?” Tristan asked as she arranged the boxing gloves on a metal rack.

She glanced up at him, curiously. “Shark?”

Tristan laughed. The man really needed to be on the cover of a magazine or something. It was his well-built frame and the thin scar slashed across his right eyebrow that kept him from being too pretty.

“Jay ‘The Shark’ Price. It’s his old nickname, though he would probably kick my ass if he heard me call him that now. But since I’m the one who came up with the name, I have a hard time letting go.”

“Why Shark?”

“Because whenever he was in the ring, he was out for blood. You never knew when he was going to strike, but when he did, it was like watching a great white going after its prey.”

She thought of the night of her attack. If Jay had fought in the ring like he did with those men outside the club, the nickname was certainly fitting.

“Were you a fighter too?” she asked, pushing her wayward thoughts of that night aside.

“Only for fun and exercise. Nothing serious, though I’ve gone a few rounds with your man.”

Rachelle didn’t bother correcting him since she liked to think Jay as hers.

Suddenly, as if they had conjured him over, Jay appeared by their side and said flatly, “I could still use some help, Tristan.”

“I’ll be right there. I was just giving Rachelle the highlights on you. Filling her in on your glory days.”

Jay tensed. “She doesn’t want to hear about that.”

“Yes, she does.” Rachelle turned back to Tristan. “I’ve never been to a fight before. It sounds exciting.”

Tristan nodded. “It is. But it can get wild. Remember your first fight at the Battle Royale, Jay?” Jay stalked off without responding. That didn’t seem to faze Tristan. “He was a beast that night. My dad didn’t want us to take his protégé out there, but my cousin Carlos and I knew he was ready. Jay ended up with a broken arm, but he won the whole damn thing. After that, he went from amateur to pro almost overnight.”

“What’s the Battle Royale?”

“Oh darling, I wouldn’t do it justice if I just explained it to you. Just know it’s the biggest underground fight in Vegas, where the last man standing wins. It’s intense, but only the best fighters compete.”

“Tristan,” Gil shouted, “stop flirting with Rachelle and bring your ass over here.”

Tristan pushed away from the wall and winked at her. “There’s a fight this Saturday. I would offer to bring you myself, but then Jay would probably break both of my legs. But you should have Jay take you.”

They both shared a smile that was interrupted by Gil’s shout.

“Damn it, Tristan!”

****

Day two at the gym and Rachelle hadn’t voiced one complaint. Despite the occasional grumble over her chipped nails and sore muscles, she had been a good sport about helping out. She hadn’t even gloated when he’d named her the winner of their little bet. A smile tugged at his lips. Well, maybe she had gloated a little bit when he’d apologized to her last night for the many times he’d called her a spoiled brat. But he didn’t count it against her, not when she’d shown him that she was willing to get her hands dirty.

She further surprised him when she’d offered to clean and organize Gil’s office, which she’d been holed in for the last few hours. While he kept an eye on the office at the far end of the building, he and Tristan finished assembling the boxing ring. The gym was coming together nicely and soon Gil would be able to reopen for business.

Suddenly, Rachelle came out of the office and stood outside the office. “The phone’s ringing,” she shouted to them.

Jay looked up at her, and wiped the sweat from his brow. “Then answer it, princess.”

“What do I say?”

“Try hello,” he replied, not sure if he should be amused or exasperated. “Works every time.”

She narrowed her eyes at him then went back into the office. A few seconds later, she returned and shouted again. “Tristan, it’s for you.”

When Tristan went into the back office, Rachelle came to where he was tightening the last bolt. She trailed her fingertips over the black rope, watching him. His body reacted to her nearness. Last night they’d spent hours in each other’s arms, exploring each other’s bodies while he’d been deep inside her, and he regretted none of it. He wasn’t going to fight himself any longer where she was concerned.

To hell with Provenzano.

“Where’s Gil?” she asked.

“Out getting us dinner.” He tightened the last screw and began packing the tools, trying to ignore the way her bright tank top hugged around her breasts.

“You guys did a good job with this. If there was an elliptical in here, I would probably get a membership.”

His lips quirked. “You don’t need a machine for cardio. We have everything you need here. If you want a really good workout, try the jump ropes or boxing.”

“Are you’re fishing for new clients?”

“What?”

She laughed. “Gil told me you train here part-time. Why don’t you train me? I need to lose about fifteen pounds by October.”

Jay shook his head. “You don’t need to lose weight, princess.” That earned him her appreciative smile. “But it wouldn’t hurt for you to do some strength training.”

She frowned and glanced down at his arms. “I don’t want to get bulky.”

He laughed. “You won’t.” He didn’t understand why she felt the need to lose weight. She was perfect the way she was. “What’s in October anyway?”

“A black-tie charity event. I need to be able to fit into my new dress.”

Jay went across the room to replace the tool set then grabbed a pair of boxing gloves. She glanced down curiously at the red wristwrap gloves when he handed them to her.

“I can train you to build your upper body strength, which is what you really need.” When she continued to stare down at them, he shoved the gloves on her hands and secured the bands around her wrist. “But I have to warn you. I’m not easy.”

“I can handle you.”

Those words hung between them and they stared at each other, desire pulsing between them. “I know you can,” he said, his voice husky with need.

She blushed and he thought of last night when they’d been filled with a wild, fiery passion and had enjoyed each other with complete abandon. From the need parting her soft, rosy lips, he knew she was thinking of that night too.

He wrapped his hand around the back of her neck and pulled her to him. She melted against him as he kissed her deeply. She looped her gloved hands around his neck and he slid his hands down to her ass. Lifting her high, he braced her up against the wall and she instantly wrapped her legs around him. He didn’t know long they’d been locked in each other’s arms before Tristan’s voice sliced through their feverish embrace.

“Okay, Jay, we get it. She’s your girl. You can stop groping her now.”

Jay released Rachelle and she slid down the length of him, avoiding Tristan’s gaze. He was certain part of her flushed cheeks were due to her embarrassment. Jay, however, didn’t mind reminding his friend of that.

“And don’t forget it,” Jay drawled. “I would hate to have to beat it into you.”

Tristan chuckled. “Yeah, whatever. I have to head out. Are we good here?”

“Yeah, we’re good. I can finish up here.”

Tristan left and Jay slipped on a pair of boxing mitts and clapped his hands together. “Ready?”

Rachelle nodded and they immediately began their impromptu practice. He motivated, encouraged, and goaded her into putting power into her punch. He taunted and bullied without remorse, forcing her to give him all she had.

“Stop giving me these princess punches and fight, damn it!”

She threw jab after jab and he felt the force of each. For a slight thing, she packed a punch, and he knew a lot of that came from her iron determination and spirited nature. Ultimately, her blows began to lose their strength. Sweat poured down her face and neck. Beads of it glistened on her bare shoulders and arms. “I need a break,” she panted.

“Already? That was just the warm-up.” Her head snapped up at him in horror and he laughed. She had actually turned out to be yet another surprise and he loved to know that she would be able to defend herself if she needed.

Jay threw down his mitts and helped her remove her gloves. “You did good, princess. A bit more practice and you’ll be able to do some real damage.”

Rachelle returned his smile with a radiant one of her own. “If that’s the case, then you’re hired!”

Once Gil showed up with a large bag of takeout and they all took a break to eat. Jay had been content to sit there in silence as they ate, but not Rachelle or Gil. His former trainer once again discussed the idea of Jay taking over the gym. Gil, who had been the detective in his stepfather’s murder, had retired shortly after and had started the small training gym. For Jay, it had become a sort of sanctuary after his mother’s suicide. He’d bottled up a lot of anger and aggression over the incident and it had been Gil, who’d helped him use MMA as an outlet.

“We have a lot of memories here,” Gil said. “I would hate to sell it to anyone else.”

“It makes sense,” Rachelle agreed. “Taking over the gym would be perfect for Jay, especially since he’s been here with you since the beginning.”

“That’s what I’ve been saying for months. But every time I bring it up, he’s still thinking about it.”

Jay glanced from Rachelle and Gil, a little amused and annoyed at their talking around him as if he wasn’t sitting right there. He could see what Gil was doing—eliciting Rachelle’s support as a means of changing his mind. It has been months since the older man had offered up the opportunity for Jay to take over the gym. It wasn’t that Jay didn’t want to—he loved the gym and everything it had done for him over the years—but he’d never owned anything in his life, much less ran a business. To say he was excited and uneasy at the prospect was an understatement.

“Just think, Jay. You can order people around, which you already love doing,” Rachelle teased, “and you’d get paid for it. It’s perfect for you.”

Gil nodded. “I have all the paperwork drawn up, Jay. All you have to do is take a look at the legal stuff. If you disagree with something, we can talk about it.”

“I can recommend someone if you want them to take a look with you,” she offered, beaming at him. “I’m part owner of an investment company so if you don’t want to put down all of your own money upfront, I can look into offering you a loan.”

Both Gil and Rachelle stared expectantly at him. Between the two of them, he didn’t stand a chance. Tension invaded him at the high probability that the gym could be his. And he already had two people in his corner, who believed he could do it. He’d been used to taking risks every time he’d entered the ring, but over the years he had been taking fewer risks for himself and more for his clients. Maybe it was time he took a chance on himself.

“Thanks for the offer, princess, but I think I can manage.” Jay turned to Gil. “If you already have the papers drawn up, I’ll take a look and give it some serious thought.”

“Sure, sure,” Gil said, though he was grinning from ear to ear. “Just don’t beat the idea around too much. Damn thing’s got bruises from all the thinking you’ve been doing.”





Chapter Fourteen





Rachelle waited until they’d finished their simple takeout dinner before she pestered Jay about taking her to the fight. Another long day inside had driven her crazy. She was excited to go out again and see her first underground fight. Except, he didn’t look eager to take her, but she didn’t let that bother her.

“Come on. She tugged at his arm. “You promised.”

“No, I didn’t,” he said, not budging from the couch. “I said I’d think about it.”

“Well, you didn’t say no.”

He studied her for a minute. “Why do you want to go so badly?” It’s not your kind of crowd.” She ignored his last comment, a little disappointed that he still saw her as someone who wouldn’t fit into his life.

“I want to see what life was like for you before you became all civilized,” she teased. He simply cocked a brow and she blew an exasperated breath. “Please, Jay. I’ve been stuck in here all day.” He had gone out to pick up the transfer of sale document from Gil, leaving her alone for a bit. And now that work was pretty much complete, there had been no reason for them to head to the gym today.

“Unfortunately, that’s how it has to be, princess. I shouldn’t be taking you out as much as I have been. And I wish you had never promised Gil that you would be at his dinner party next week. I can’t risk taking you out like that.”

Rachelle frowned. Jay had taken issue with her over her automatic acceptance of Gil’s invitation to celebrate his wife’s fifty-fifth birthday. She had only meant to be polite by accepting, but clearly she had violated some rule with Jay. Sometimes his mood swung from wanting her near to wanting to keep her at a distance. She was starting to wonder if his reluctance didn’t stem from something else.

“It’s been days now and nothing’s happened.”

“And what if something did? What do I tell your father? That something happened to you because I took you to a damn fight or, worse yet, a party.”

Rachelle released a frustrated sigh. She understood the dangers that potentially waited for her outside these walls, she still experienced the tightening in her belly whenever she remembered the night she’d almost been taken. But she hated that she was forced into this kind of imprisonment. Not that she needed to be surrounded by her old luxuries and comforts, but being told when she could leave and where she could go was starting to grate on her nerves.

“I’m getting real tired of people telling me what to do, Jay. First my father and now you.” She ran her fingers through her hair in frustration. “I just want to go out for a little, to do something normal. Can you possibly understand that?”

His expression was unreadable but evidently he could.

The drive to the underground fight was longer than she’d expected. She had expected an abandon warehouse or deserted lot with people, noise, and excitement. Instead, they pulled into the lot of a large “gentleman’s club,” which was crowded with cars yet there was no one in sight.

“Are you sure this is the place?”

“Yeah,” he said grimly, turning off the engine. “But we don’t have to go in.”

For an answer, she jumped out of the truck. Inside the strip club, there was a sexy vibe that intrigued Rachelle. Her eyes were glued to the topless woman entertaining the few men loitered around the high stage. She was fascinated with the way the woman handled herself on the stage and how she held the men almost in a trance.

Jay’s stride quickened as they made their way through the dark, sultry club and toward a set of black doors. When a large man posted outside the door opened it, a wave of energy poured out.

Inside the hidden room was a crush of people. The small back room was the size of a courtyard, but the crowd made it feel much smaller. Jay used his size to push through the crowd as they moved closer to the center of the room. A fence surrounded a gritty, makeshift stage as two men went at each other inside, blood streaked across their face, chest, and arms. What Rachelle found most jarring, however, was the barbed wire strung along the top of the fence. The crude setup gave the room a more brutal and dangerous feel. Jay settled on a decent spot for them to stand and stood close.

“One more fight after this then we’re leaving,” he said close to her ear.

Rachelle pouted, but didn’t waste time arguing with him. Instead, she focused on the scene in front of her. The current fight ended in minutes with the bloodier of the two men being held down on the mat in an impossible and painful looking position. Rachelle grimaced as the man held down the other and manipulated his body in a way that looked beyond painful. The restrained man managed to wiggle his way out of the hold and the two men resumed their intricate dance around each other, throwing punches and kicks that made her wince each time one of them made contact. Just when she thought the bloodied man was losing his edge in the fight, he landed a blow that slid the man across the ring. He laid there motionless and a heartbeat later, the crowd erupted.

Rachelle glanced around those who were closest to them, enjoying the reaction and excitement from the crowd more than the fight itself. Her gaze landed on two young men who were glancing their way and pointing at them as if they’d just seen a celebrity. She glanced up at Jay to see if he’d noticed. His eyes were trained straight ahead, but his body was rigid, his eyes alert.

A few minutes later, the announcer, a slim man with a heavy beard, brought out the next set of fighters. The cheers and jeers started up again as he announced the rules in two simple sentences.

“Fight ends on a knockout. The bloodier the better so make it dirty.”

The two opponents touched gloves and just like that they went at each other. As time passed, each blow got more vicious and brutal, but there was a determination in both men to not give up. They fought with skill and ruthlessness. Their willpower and strength fascinated her. They had an inner fight in them that kept them bouncing back up for more. She wondered what inner demons had drove Jay into this lifestyle. He had said fighting relaxed him, but she couldn’t understand how. There was nothing calming about what she was witnessing.

The fight eventually moved on to its fourth round and the crowd was getting restless. Their shouts and rooting were nearly deafening. Jay grabbed her arm.

“We’re leaving,” he shouted over the noise of the crowd. “Let’s go.”

“But the fight’s not over.”

He ignored her protest. Taking her hand, he began pulling her through the crowd. The number of people seemed to have grown since they’d arrive, making it harder to cut through the throng of bodies. As they forced their way through, the crowd suddenly exploded with cheers, signaling the end of the fight. She turned to see who’d won and before she realized it, her grip on Jay’s hand slipped away. The excitement from onlookers separated them further until she could barely make out his tall frame. But she did see him a few feet away, scanning the crowd for her.

“Jay!” She waved wildly, trying to get his attention.

Just as she began to force her way through the crowd, a firm hand smacked her hard on the butt. She whipped around, but couldn’t tell who the offender had been. There were too many people. The group of guys closest to her drew her attention, particularly the one wearing a ridiculous smirk on his face. Whether it was him or not, one of them had just touched her and she was livid.

“Which one of you just did that?” she demanded. The three men threw their hands up in unison and shrugged. She stared pointedly at the one still smirking. “I know one of you assholes just slapped my ass.”

His stupid grin widened. “Oh really? How do you know?” He glanced at his friends then turned back to her. Laughing, he came toward her and reached behind her. “Did it feel something like this?”

She shoved hard at his chest. “Stay the fuck away from me.”

Still laughing, the man advanced toward her again, but he never got close. In a blur, a tattooed arm flew past her head and a fist landed on the guy’s bewildered face. His nose gushed blood as he hit the ground. He curled into a ball, moaning.

She grabbed Jay’s hand and gave it a gentle squeeze, sensing the violence in him as he continued to glare down at the whimpering man.

“Did he hurt you?”

She tugged at his hand so he would look at her. When he didn’t, she clutched his forearm. It was rigid beneath her fingers. “I’m fine, really.”

A small crowd began to gather around them and stare. They were pointing at them and whispering.

“…is that Shark?”

“…that’s the guy who killed…”

“Killer Shark just knocked the shit out of…”

“I thought he was in prison…”

Rachelle sensed the rising tension in him from the gathering crowd. She’d never seen this expression from him. It was colder, harsher and a strange uneasiness crawled up her back.

“Jay, let’s go.”

They made their way through the murmuring and gawking crowd. She suppressed a wince at the death grip Jay had around her hand, concerned by the restrained violence she still sensed in him.

****

The soft creak of the metal loft door signaled Jay’s return.

Rachelle turned on the bed to see him walk through the door. She hadn’t been able to sleep since he’d brought her home then immediately took off. It was late, well into the early morning.

“Jay, where were you?”

He didn’t bother turning on any lamps as the pale light coming from the window helped him maneuver around the dimly lit space. “Nowhere. I just needed to clear my head.”

He headed to the bathroom and shut the door behind him. A few minutes later, the shower turned on. She fell on her back and stared up at the high ceiling, listening to the squeaks of the pipes above her as water ran through it. She knew he was upset about what had happened earlier at the fight, but he refused to talk to her about it. She hated his cold detachment, as if she’d been the one to instigate what had happened with whispers and name calling.

Jay eventually emerged from the bathroom naked, and made his way toward the bed. They made eye contact briefly before she turned on her side, away from him.

The bed dipped from his weight as he got between the covers. He pressed solidly behind her, the heat from his body burning her back. His hot, hard erection pressed against her bottom and she clenched her thighs tight to dull the throbbing deep inside her. He was crazy if he thought she would just forget everything and lose herself in the pleasures of sex with him.

When he placed his hand on her hip and began sliding it underneath her shirt, Rachelle grabbed his hand. She pushed away from him and turned to him.

“Seriously, Jay? You say two words to me since we get back. You leave me here for hours and now you expect me to just have sex with you like nothing happened?”

He let out a frustrated sigh and fell on his back. “What else should we be doing? That seems to be the one thing we’re good at together.”

She frowned at his detached words. Maybe that was all they really had, but she’d begun to think they were developing a bond that went beyond just sex. She wouldn’t just let him shut her out. And she wouldn’t let him use her body as an outlet either.

“You could talk to me. Tell me what the hell happened tonight?”

He stared up at the ceiling, silent, an arm behind his head. She sat up fully and looked down at him. His face a stoic mask.

She held her breath and asked the question that had kept her up since he’d left. “Were you with somebody else tonight?”

She probably had no right to ask him that. Exclusivity between them had been implied, not explicitly stated. Yet lying in the dark, quiet loft, waiting up for him, had led to thoughts of him with another woman, which had made her sick with jealousy.

“I wasn’t out fucking another woman,” he said, turning to her.

His words filled her with some relief. “Then what’s going on? Why are you acting so mean?”

His hard expression softened some. “Sorry, princess. I don’t mean to be. Let’s just go to sleep. Okay?”

She shook her head. “Not until we talk about this.”

He looked away from her again, saying nothing.

“Jay,” she prompted. “Talk to me.”

“About what?” he muttered.

“About what happened tonight.”

He grunted. “You heard them? I’m a killer. Or did you miss that part.”

“No,” she snapped, irritated with his cold disregard. “But I’m waiting for the part where you tell me why the hell they were saying that.”

He was silent for so long she thought he wasn’t going to speak. Then he began and she sat beside him, quietly listening.

“It was my last fight, one that I should have never been a part of. My gut told me it was a bad idea, but I let my pride, ego, and annoyance step into the cage with me that night.”

“Why?”

His broad shoulders lifted in a shrug. “The other fighter was not as experienced and had no business being in the ring, but that didn’t stop him from talking shit. He bragged about how he couldn’t wait to see me tap out.”

“But that’s not what happened?”

“I knocked him out on the third round. He never got up. And it was over.”

“You mean you won?”

“I mean he died.”

Rachelle sucked in a sharp breath. “How?”

“He had a heart attack. They found out he’d been downing energy drinks and caffeine supplements like candy. His heart hadn’t been able to take the abuse.”

“It was obviously an accident,” she said, still reeling from what he’d just told her.

Jay shrugged again. “I don’t think that makes much difference to him or his family.”

Probably not, but she couldn’t stand seeing Jay rage against himself over something that had been nothing but a tragic mistake. He hadn’t meant to kill the poor man, yet he clearly shouldered all the blame and guilt. The silent battle waging deep within himself was very visible to her now.

Behind his cold, indifferent mask, held a man filled with pain, anger, and regret and her heart ached for him. “Is that why you stopped fighting?”

His silence was her answer.

“Jay, you can’t let others put that on you. A series of unfortunate events caused that poor man’s death. Not you. And you sure as hell shouldn’t let them define you. You’re not a killer.” She placed a hand on his chest, needing to touch him. “My mother grew up Catholic, yet she’s been living in what people would call ‘perpetual sin’ for over twenty years with my father, and even though he tries to protect us, he can’t be there every second of the day. I’ve heard people call my mother a whore to her face. I’ve even been kicked out of a Catholic school when they found out about my mother’s relationship with my father.”

Jay finally turned to face her, frowning. “They kicked you out of school because your parents aren’t married. That’s bullshit.”

Rachelle shrugged. She’d been five at the time and none of that had made sense to her, but she remembered being confused by her mother’s anger and sharp words to the principal. “None of that mattered. My mother didn’t let anyone make her feel less than just because of her decisions and she taught me to be the same way.” In the end, her mother had given up everything and had decided to remain with her father because she loved him. It was as simple as that. “I certainly don’t think someone should be labeled a whore because they love someone,” she continued then poked his arm playfully. “Just like I don’t think a girl should be called a snob just because she likes nice things.”

His lips quirked slightly and on an impulse, she crawled over him. Straddling him, she leaned down and kissed him. “You’re a good man, Jay,” she whispered against his lips before pulling away. She smiled down at him. “Though you have your moments, the fact that you carried this guilt for so long shows that you have heart.” She placed her hand on his chest and leaned down and kissed him again. “A warrior’s heart.”

When she tried to pull away, he held her to him. They stay like that for a while, neither of them wanting to break the sweet contact.

Holding her gaze, Jay pulled up her shirt and tossed it aside. Her taut nipples rubbed erotically against his chest as she continued to kiss him deeply. His hands moved lower to grip her ass, and she gyrated against his straining erection. She sat up and reached between their bodies. They both stared between their bodies, breath suspended, as she guided him into her wet, throbbing heat. She sank down slowly into him, his fingers digging into her waist. When he was buried deep inside her, his thick shaft filling her, they both released a shuddering sigh.

Rachelle began to rise and fall into him, setting the pace and rotating her hips as his hands smoothed down her waist to grip her hips. Her soft gasps filled the air as she worked herself over him. He cupped her breasts, squeezing and plucking at her beaded nipples, and she threw her head back, her hand over his as she rode him urgently, tirelessly, completely lost in the pleasure of having him inside her.

But the sweet torment eventually came to an end.

With a harsh groan, he gripped her hips and forced her down with a hard thrust, straining into her as his orgasm overtook him and she soon followed, rocking herself to a satisfying completion.





Chapter Fifteen





During the next several days, Jay spent that time teaching her several new things, most of which were ways to defend herself. He even took her to a gun range where he taught her how to shoot the spare gun he still kept in the nightstand beside the bed. He felt adamant that she at least become comfortable holding one, so she obliged him. The semi-automatic was small and manageable, but her first shot had been nerve racking.

The force of her first shot had vibrated in her hand and shuddered down her arms. Jay taught her the proper stance and grip and she was able to handle the small handgun and eventually grew comfortable holding it, but she still preferred to do without it. The spare was kept in the nightstand and she was happy to keep it there. She half joked that unless the thing turned into jewelry, she wouldn’t be going back in there for it and he had simply shook his head.

As an alternative to his goal of turning her into a female commando, they returned to the gym a few more times where he taught her several fight moves, but after a few rounds with him, she would usually fall to the ground from exhaustion. She hadn’t understood the point of it all and it had been after one particularly grueling workout that she had become vocal about it, which had only led to a senseless argument.

“Why do I need to learn all this stuff? Aren’t you going to take care of me,” she added playfully.

“You need to learn to take care of yourself,” he barked. “I’m not always going to be around to protect you.”

She was a little taken aback by his anger. She had only been half serious about her comment, and he obviously needed to be schooled on the difference between “needing” versus “wanting.”

“I can take care of myself, Jay,” she snapped. “I just want you to want to take care of me.”

Jay had stared at her with such a strange expression on his face, she realized how ridiculous she must have sounded. And how much she had revealed by her thoughtless words. Embarrassed, she had dropped the boxing gloves and walked off, needing to put space between them.

The nights, however, was when they put all those petty arguments behind them and lost themselves in each other. Each time was just as fiery, just as passionate as the last. It was as if he knew her body better than she knew her own and she reveled in the rawness of their union. She demanded everything he had to give, letting him be just as rough and wild with her as he like, and he demanded the same from her. And in the mornings, she would wake to his slow, tender loving, with him deep inside her, and their climax would be nothing less than Earth shattering.

Then there were the nights they would stay up and talk about everything and nothing. Or rather she would and he would just listen. He made a great listener. She smiled as she thought of the short poem he had inspired, which she’d entitled “Deeper Please.”

Still, they had yet to talk about what this was between them. She didn’t want to be the first to broach the subject, but she also wanted to know if this just a fling for him or, like her, did he want more. She enjoyed being intimate with him, and cherished the time they spent together. She didn’t even mind the petty arguments much.

But she knew more than anyone that her stay here was only temporary. Though she had come to enjoy the gritty yet comfortable space, her father could make the call any day now that it was safe for her to return home. Then this thing she and Jay had would come to an end.

Rachelle shoved aside the wave of sadness that suddenly came over her. Tonight, she would live in the moment and not worry about what might, or might not, happen tomorrow. Though Jay didn’t say anything, she knew he was worried about taking her out of the loft. They had been staying in a lot more, and she guessed he was anxious about the possibility of danger. She, on the other hand, wondered if the whole situation of her being the central target hadn’t been magnified by her father’s overprotection.

Rachelle nibbled on the end of a pen as she stared at him sitting across from her on the sofa. It was late, but neither of them were tired. Her legs were draped over his lap as he read through the documents Gil had handed him the other day. He seemed to be seriously considering taking over and she was glad. Though he didn’t say it, she could tell it was something he really cared about.

As he read, she struggled with the ending of her latest poem. He was proving to be quite the inspiration, she had just to look at him and the verses would flow from her to the notebook, but with this one she felt something missing.

“What’s wrong?”

She didn’t realize she was staring until he asked her that. “I’m stuck.”

He grinned. “Should I take off my shirt?”

She returned his smile but shook her head. She had told him about her sudden bursts of inspiration, especially when they were in bed, and he had been smug about it ever since.

“Why don’t you come here and give me a kiss then.” He moved his hands over her legs and up her thighs. “That might spark something.”

Laughing, she kicked his hand away and jumped off of the sofa. She had a better idea.

“Come back here, princess. I was just kidding.”

He stopped his protests when she stood in front of him. Bracing her hands on the back of the sofa, she straddled him then brushed her lips along his chin, across his jaw, and down his neck. His hard length pushed against her and he pulled her closer, trying to capture her mouth for a kiss. She placed her finger over his lips and he tried to nip her finger. She giggled.

“Wait. I want to read this to you first.”

She was still shy about her poetry and couldn’t quite look at him, so she looped her arms around his neck, keeping the notebook at eye level, and began softly, “Come to me. Come lie amid the sheets of ecstasy. I want you to feel me. Fill me.” She paused, butterflies dancing in her belly, but she didn’t stop. “A tender lick.” She ran her tongue over his neck. He shuddered and his arms tightened around her. “A lasting taste. I want you to take me. Break me.”

She slowly increased her tempo for the next verses, but kept her voice low. “Soothe the hunger that burn between my thighs. Thrust away the ache that breathes deep inside. I am on fire for you.” His heart beat quickened against his chest, and the effects of her words on him gave her a boost of confidence. “Tangled bodies dance to the flames. Trembling, gasping, pulsing from the heat.” She released a soft sigh. “Wanting. Waiting. Melting. Aching. I want to feel you fill me.”

She dropped the notebook, finally finding the words she needed to complete her poem. “Hot and hard. Soft and sticky.” She placed a light kiss on his jaw. “Sweet stimulation.” Another kiss on his chin. “Deep penetration.” She fitted her lips against his lips for the sweetest kiss then pulled away. His piercing blue eyes were the deepest she’d ever seen them.

“Now come to me.”

And he came to her.

****

“Jay, everyone knows it’s good manners to bring something to a dinner party.” Rachelle said over her shoulders as she debated whether what she had on was suitable for a dinner party. With her limited wardrobe, she’d had to work her magic and turn a blue and white polka dot summer dress into something chic enough for tonight.

“We’re already late,” Jay muttered.

“I know. More reason for us to bring something. Please stop somewhere so we can at least get a birthday card.”

Jay hadn’t been very enthusiastic about taking her to Gil’s party, but when she had told him she would be going with or without him, he hadn’t put up much resistance. He offered a few more protests about stopping for a gift, but in the end he relented.

“There,” she said, pointing to the brightly lit convenience store. “Pull in there.”

What should have taken a few minutes took longer, but it was because she had a hard time finding something appropriate for an older woman and Jay was offering no help. Instead, he expressed his impatience at her indecision and to avoid an argument, she settled on a floral arrangement, a singing card, and a small basket of what she hoped was decent chocolate. She also grabbed a tube of red lipstick for herself.

On their way back to the truck, Rachelle noticed how close Jay stayed by her side. When he got behind the wheel, she turned to him.

“Jay, you need to relax a little. I know you’re probably worried, but try to enjoy yourself tonight.”

He started the engine and began to pull out on the road. “I’m just doing my job.”

That stung. “So I’m just a job to you now?”

He cursed. “That’s not how I meant it. I’m just being cautious and I can’t risk letting my guard down. Not now.”

That wasn’t the apology she was hoping for but he looked genuinely contrite and concerned for her so she forgave him.

“When we get there, I want you to stay close to me, all right? No wandering off.”

“Fine.” She slowly rubbed his forearm, the show affection unexpected, but she didn’t stop. “But it’s supposed to be a party, so try to have fun, okay?” He turned to her and she gave him a big, hopeful smile. The corner of his eyes creased in a way she found endearing, and his lips curved into a small smile.

“Fine,” he parroted.

They eventually made it to the banquet hall where the party was being held. The party was well underway as loud music boomed from inside the building. They made their way to the entrance, and ran into a friend of Jay’s who turned out to be Gil’s nephew, Carlos. With his dark hair and eyes, Rachelle saw very little resemblance between him and his uncle and cousin. A pretty black woman stood by Carlos’ side and Rachelle returned her friendly smile since it appeared neither men was going to introduce them.

Instead, the two men greeted each other and Rachelle studied the other man. Tristan had mentioned his cousin in passing since Carlos should have also been with them at the gym, helping with the repairs, but for whatever reason that hadn’t happened.

“You missed the surprise,” Carlos said. “But my uncle and aunt are sitting in the back with a big, flashy thing on their table.” The corner of his lips quirked up. “You won’t miss that.”

Rachelle glanced up at Jay in surprise. She waited until the couple was out of earshot before she rounded on him.

“Jay, what the hell! Why didn’t you tell me this was a surprise party?”

He sighed. “I didn’t tell you about the surprise because you weren’t supposed to even be coming.”

She narrowed her eyes at him. “And now we’re late.”

“We’re here now so let’s go inside and wish Rosa a happy birthday.”

She pulled her hand out of his. “Not yet. I also want to know why you didn’t introduce me to your friends. Gil and Tristan already know about us. Are you—” She cut off the words before they could form, but a small part of her wondered if he wanted few people to know about her—about them. She frowned, hating the thought. She’d seen her mother deal with the secrecy of her own relationship with her father and sometimes it was painful to watch. Rachelle didn’t want that kind of arrangement in any of her relationships. She feared with Jay, however, that it may already be too late.

To her surprise, Jay grabbed her chin and pulled her face up to his and gave her a quick kiss. “No, I’m not trying to keep you—us—a secret. Under normal circumstances, the kind where you’re not supposed to be in hiding, that would have gone a lot differently. But once I no longer have to worry about some maniac coming after you, I’ll make sure that’s the first thing I do.”

Rachelle smiled at his assertion. “And next time, please tell me when you’re taking me to a surprise party.”

He blew out an exasperated breath then shook his head. He took her hand and pulled her forward. “Come on.”

They made their way through the decorated space, and it took her a while to adjust to the noise coming from the stereo. With all her times spent in nightclubs in the past, Rachelle should have been used to the noise, but after so many quiet nights in with Jay, she found the music loud, almost deafening.

There was a crush of people inside, ranging from toddlers to those who could have been their great-grandparents. It was loud and boisterous and reminded her of some of the house parties her cousins had taken her to in Brazil. Jay kept his hand on the small of her back as they made their way to the back of the room, where a large centerpiece pulsated with multicolored lights in the center of the table.

They found Gil and his wife Rosa amidst the gifts that crowded the table and Rachelle was suddenly embarrassed by her small basket of cheap chocolates. She handed it to the woman anyway.

“Happy birthday, Senora Rosa.”

The older woman stood from the table and clutched the small gift to her chest then gave her a fierce hug. “Aye, thank you so much, nina. And thank you for coming to my party.”

“Of course. We would have gotten here sooner, but Jay took a few wrong turns.”

Jay raised a brow and she gave him a big smile, not at all sorry for putting the blame on him. Gil also wore a wide grin on his face, obviously delighted by his wife’s happiness. Rachelle could see, even after all these years, he was very much in love with his wife. That was something she someday hoped to have. A husband that loved her and wasn’t afraid to show it.

Rachelle glanced over at Jay, who was listening intently to something Gil was saying. She was thinking crazy thoughts if considered Jay husband material. Though she couldn’t deny the passion between them or the times she enjoyed spending with him, but they were just too different. Polar opposites, even. He was the kind of guy a woman enjoyed in the moment. They couldn’t possibly have a future together.

Could they?

****

Jay hadn’t been thrilled about taking Rachelle out tonight, but he had to admit it was nice to see her having a good time. Though his last check in with Provenzano had yielded no new news, a bad feeling had churned in Jay’s gut these past few days and he couldn’t shake the unsettling feeling that danger was near.

Now that they were here, he had to admit it was also for the best. Reporting to her father the other day had left Jay further conflicted. It had been a sharp reminder that he had been hired to do a job and Rachelle was in essence his client.

But when he was with her, none of that mattered. She was simply the woman he wanted, the woman he couldn’t get enough of, and he would do anything to keep her safe. Ultimately, the party turned out to be a much needed distraction. Being in public, and far from his bed, made it easier for him to keep his hands to himself.

Besides, Jay loved Rosa and thought what Gil was doing for his wife was great. Though parties weren’t his thing, Jay knew this party was more than just a simple birthday celebration. Gil wanted to commemorate his wife’s fifth year of remission from breast cancer and had found the perfect time to do it.

And Jay enjoyed just watching Rachelle have fun. She did well with large crowds, mingling easily and striking up conversation with people—young and old. He’d told her to stay close, but he didn’t want to dampen her good time, so he made sure he had a visual on her at all times. Not that he wanted to look anywhere else. She was alluring in her pretty blue dress with the tiny white dots. It hugged at her waist and flowed down to her knees. And the bright red lipstick on her lips captivated him. She said the lipstick gave her a “retro look,” but Jay didn’t know what that meant. He was only interested in kissing it off of her.

As he’d done frequently tonight, he sought her out and found her at a table with a group of teenage girls who seemed to be taken with her. Every time she smiled, Jay found himself grinning. Eventually, he got pulled into a conversation with some older men who’d recognized him from his earlier fighting career. He never got used to people recognizing him and wanting to talk to him about his former career. Most times, it made him feel uncomfortable to speak about it, but tonight Jay endured it, replying politely to their questions. None of the men brought up the incident of his last fight, which Jay was grateful for and it kept him in conversation with them longer than usual.

He’d hated talking about that time in his life. There was something about Rachelle, however, that compelled to tell her about that sore point in his career. But her words after had staggered him. She thought he was a good person? He didn’t know about that, but it made him feel good to know she didn’t think of him as a killer.

At least not for now. That would all change once she found out that one incident hadn’t been the first time he’d killed someone.

Jay shook the bleak thought away and glanced toward the table where she was sitting. When he didn’t see her there, he glanced around the room.

There was no sign of her.

He jumped out of his seat, mumbled an excuse to the men, and moved across the room. Annoyance and panic started to settle in him when he couldn’t find her. The room was large, but he was taller than many of the people there and still he couldn’t find her. Damn it. He’d told her to stay close.

Jay began to head to the restrooms when clapping and cheering started to come from the dance floor. Some bystanders began to shake toy maracas as the DJ began to play a classic Brazilian song that was fast and heavy on the drums. Jay caught a glimpse of a blue dress and made his way to the dance floor. He pushed his way past a few people dancing to the lively music and that was when he saw her.

Rachelle stood in the middle of the dance floor with a few of the young girls she had been talking with earlier. They were dancing a routine she clearly hadn’t mastered. Though she would miss a move or a step, she managed to keep in rhythm with the other four girls and the crowd loved it.

And he loved watching her.

She laughed at her own mistakes, but that didn’t stop her from dancing and enjoying herself. Jay found himself laughing along with her. When she and the other girls finished their routine with a sassy, provocative pose, he cheered with the rest crowd. She caught his eye and he winked at her.

Jay waited for her to break away from the group before he pulled her into a tight hug. She wrapped her arms around him. “You were great out there, princess.”

She shook her head. “I just embarrassed myself in front of a lot of people.”

He chuckled. “But you were sexy doing it.”

She laughed again.

Suddenly the DJ began to play a slow romantic song and couples began to flood the dance floor. He stared down at Rachelle as the first verse sounded over the loud speaker.

“When a man loves a woman, he can’t keep his mind on nothing else…”

They stayed staring at each for a while, and he unconsciously brushed a stray strand from her cheek. He didn’t know about love, but he knew this woman here consumed his every waking thought and had somehow become very important to him. He realized several couples had begun to slow dance around them and suddenly felt silly standing there, staring down at her.

Rachelle, however, took a step closer to him, a sweet smile on her pretty red lips. Desire slammed in his gut and in that moment, he wanted her out of that dress, fully naked against him. “Ready to go?” He hadn’t been able to keep the heat from his voice and didn’t care.

Disappointment clouded her brown eyes but she quickly masked it and nodded. It wasn’t until that moment that he realized she wanted to dance. He glanced around them at the dancing couples and uneasiness knotted his gut. He didn’t know anything about dancing and the last thing she need was him humiliating her with his awkwardness.

Jay grabbed her hand and pulled her across the room so they could say their goodbyes to Gil and Rosa. Gil pulled Rachelle into a fierce hug and something to her in Portuguese. Rachelle glanced over at him and Jay recognized the special heat in her eyes. The one she held just for him.

“Don’t worry, I will,” she simply replied.

Jay couldn’t leave fast enough. He ignored the party favor being shoved at him on their way out, but Rachelle managed to grab one of the black and white gift bags.

Outside, Jay took stock of their surroundings as he led her to the truck. Besides a few other party guests leaving the banquet hall, things were relatively quiet. They got into the truck, and Rachelle turned on the overhead light just as he started the engine.

He glanced over at her to find found her digging through the small party bag. “Do you really need that light?”

“I want to see what we got.”

“Can’t it wait?”

“Probably. But I don’t want to.” She pulled out a few gadgets, the loudest being a pair of toy maracas. She shook them at him. “Why aren’t we moving?”

“I’m not driving with that light on.” She frowned and shook the maracas at him again. “And I’m not driving with the sound of that.”

“You’re no fun.” She laid the toy on her lap and switched off the light above them.

Jay pulled out into the street and listened as she bubbled over what a great party it had turned out to be and what a great husband Gil was for throwing it. Jay found himself wondering what kind of husband he would be. The thought jarred him since he’d never thought of getting that far with any woman. He never wanted that kind of dependency from anyone.

Yet seeing how Gil and Rosa were together was nothing like what Jay had ever witnessed between his mother and stepfather. Gil and his wife were very much in love and very much a team. Jay glanced over at the animated girl beside him. Could he be that kind of husband to a woman like Rachelle? Did he even want that? Did she?

“Next time,” she said, turning to him, “I want you to dance with me.”

They came up to a red light and he shook his head. “Sorry, princess. I’m not really the dancing type.” He couldn’t even be sure there would be a next time. Once she returned to her old life and friends, he was sure she would forget all about him.

“Oh please. I’m sure you’ve got some moves.” She picked up the maracas and started hitting them against her palm. “Come on, Jazzy Jay, show me what you got.”

He quirked a brow, but couldn’t stop the smile that tugged at his lips. “Jazzy Jay?”

She shrugged. “I was thinking Magic Mike but couldn’t think of anything better that rhymed.”

He shook his head. “You can stop shaking that thing. I’m not gonna dance for you.”

“Oh, come on,” she urged, shrugging her shoulders and shaking the maracas as if there were some kind of beat playing. “Not even a shoulder bounce?”

He glanced at her and chuckled at her outrageousness. When he grabbed for the damn noisy toy, she jerked her hand back, but lost her grip on it. The toy rolled off the seat and down by his foot.

She pouted. “You dropped it.”

“Oh, I dropped it?”

Jay bent down to grab the toy just as the traffic light turned green. A car pulled up behind them and a sharp sound pierced through the cabin of the truck. The rear window shattered, spraying glass everywhere.

Jay reacted instinctively.

He grabbed Rachelle and pulled her down on the seat. “Get down!” The truck tires screeched as Jay hit the gas. Another shot was fired from behind, zipping past his temple and slicing through the windshield, leaving a web of cracked glass. Rachelle screamed as he made a sharp turn and sped down the street, losing the car.

“Rachelle…”

She was still bent low, her body balled tightly, but he couldn’t make out if she’d been hit or not. His heart pounded and his knuckles bulged from the grip he had on the steering wheel. The heat of the bullet barely missing his skull was nothing compared to the panic that assailed him at Rachelle’s sudden silence.

“Rachelle!”

“What?”

He relaxed a bit at her irritated shout. He continued down the wide, open street, keeping his eyes out for any more suspicious vehicles. “Are you hurt?”

She got up, brushing tiny specks of glass from her dress. “I don’t think so.” She turned to look behind them. “What just happened?”

Someone just took a shot at us, that’s what happened.

The shot had been aimed at him really, if the two shots to his head was any indication. If it hadn’t been for those damn maracas, it would have been his brains splattered in the truck, instead of just glass.

Maybe Lady Luck is by my side, after all.

Jay glanced over at Rachelle’s tense frame. Whoever was behind this was obviously willing to go through any lengths to get her, and he couldn’t imagine her at the mercy of these violent fuckers.

“Jay?”

He let out a frustrated sound. “I knew this was a bad idea. I should have never taken you out tonight.”

She inhaled sharply. “This was not my fault.” Her voice trembled slightly and he glanced at her. A sheen of tears filled her eyes and there was a starkness in them that made him regret his harsh words.

He took her hand and brought it to his lips. “I know it’s not, princess.” The fault was Raffaele Provenzano’s, but Jay wasn’t going to start that argument with her. She was obviously blinded by the kind of man her father really was, and the many enemies he’d apparently made.

“What are you doing?” he asked when she bent toward his feet.

“Getting the maracas.” She came back up and pushed her hair from her face. “Where are we going?” she asked as he took the next exit.

The lights of the Vegas strip glittered in front of them. Jay didn’t dare bring her back to his place tonight. There was a strong possibility that his loft had been found out and he couldn’t be certain that she would be safe there any longer.

There was only one place he could take her that would be crawling with security and that was big enough for her to disappear in. It would also be the last place anyone would expect Provenzano’s daughter to be hiding in.

“I’m taking you to Royal Courts.”





Chapter Sixteen





For fuck’s sake, how hard is it to kill a man?

Julian Price was a big fucking target, in a big fucking truck. Yet that idiot had still managed to miss.

Now time is running out and the Padrone will soon start to suspect something. He had already started asking questions, wondering why no one has stepped forward to challenge him or take credit for it. So I need to get the message to the Padrone tonight that Bates was who he wanted.

Yet with no hostage, I have no real leverage. Rachelle was useless to me now, and I can’t wait any longer. I have to feed Bates to him or he will soon wonder why we have failed to produce the man behind the attacks. And after tonight, after the Padrone finds out his precious gem has been put in harm’s way, he will truly start to suspect one of his own.

Like the poor idiots who’s been behind me in this. I’ll need to protect them and keep far from the Padrone’s wrath. Like Laurie. So sweet and so stupid. I ask one thing of her—get the fucking files from Royal Courts—and yet, she failed to deliver in that simple request. I had everything in place for her. All she had to do was see it through. But I can’t blame her. I should have known better than to involve a woman when these men I’ve wasted money on can’t seem to disable one man enough to grab one fucking woman.

But with Laurie safely out of the city, I don’t have to worry about her accidently saying something that will only ruin my plans. I’ll have to find another way to get the files from Royal Courts but at least I won’t have to worry about her getting in the way.

Before I can think of the files again, however, I need to fix this fuck up. I need Bates killed and, after tonight, the Padrone may very well be in a killing mood. And I need to take advantage of that.

Once I plant the bug in the Padrone’s ear about Bates, I can refocus on Royal Courts and getting those damn files.

I just need to act fast ‘cause I’ve run out of time.





Chapter Seventeen



“She can’t stay here.”

Rachelle glared at David Carrone as he leaned against the desk, his arms crossed. His glare was just as fierce as he stared at Jay, ignoring her. They stood in his large office, but the man hadn’t even bothered to offer them a seat.

She understood the man was at odds with her father, but he didn’t have to be an asshole. He had started off charming and friendly enough, until Jay had revealed why it was she needed a private room in his casino resort.

“No one has to know she’s here,” Jay said. “That’s why I came to you first about this. We just need a room far from your other guests until I can get in touch with Provenzano.”

David glanced at her, but she could see in his penetrating gray eyes that he wasn’t going to give in on this. “Jay, I appreciate what you’ve done for me. But with the break-in and all the shit that’s been going down these past few days, the last thing I need is Provenzano’s bullshit blowing up all over me again. Having anything to with that man or his family is not good for me or my business.”

Rachelle had had enough of this stranger talking about her as if she was the devil’s spawn. She would have suggested to Jay that they just find someplace else to stay for the night, but he had convinced her that the security here was strong and she would be safer here than anywhere else. Rachelle was still shaken by the gunshots they had narrowly escaped and David’s refusal to help them was pushing her fear and anxiety to downright fury.

“Look, you don’t trust me and I get it,” she snapped. “But someone just shot at us in the middle of the street. I’m scared and pissed and I need your damn help.” The man I love needs your help. Rachelle glanced over at Jay and though her mind reeled at the sudden realization, something inside her fluttered. I love him. The past few weeks, she’d gotten to know the man behind the wall, and she knew with every fiber of her being that she loved him.

“Why should I bother helping you?” David snapped. “Your old man nearly destroyed my company with his money laundering scheme and has been nothing but a pain in my ass.”

No one could prove her father had anything to do with that so she wasn’t going to bother arguing with him about that.

“Seeing as my company is, or will potentially become, a new investor in your resort, and that I’ve donated every year to your charity, I would think the least you could do is get me a damn room.”

David said nothing, but his expression held a hint of surprise, but quickly hid it. Replaced by it was skepticism and that only increased her annoyance.

“What’s the name of your company?” he asked coolly.

“Diamante Enterprises. I believe you met with my mother last week.”

David frowned then cursed. “So Provenzano still has ties into my company?”

“My father doesn’t own or operate the business. My mother and I do with the help of our financial advisors.” Actually Rachelle’s role there was almost nonexistent and she knew little of what went on in the business, a fact she was slowly starting to realize should change.

David shook his head. “I find this whole mess one hell of a coincidence. And I hate coincidences.”

Rachelle shrugged. “You should be flattered. Apparently, my mother and advisors sees potential in your company.”

“No offense, but flattery is the last thing I feel right now. I don’t trust your father, so why the hell should I trust you?”

“I’m asking you to trust me,” Jay said forcefully. “None of this is going to blow back on you. I’ll make sure of it.”

David turned back to Jay and was silent for a long moment before he pushed away from his desk. “How long do you need to stay?”

“Not sure yet,” Jay replied. “I’m going to see Provenzano after I get her settled in and will know more then.”

David stood there as if he were still debating his decision. Then he sighed. “For the record, I have nothing against you,” he said, turning to her. “Your father on the other hand… Let’s just say I wouldn’t be sorry if he walked himself over the edge of a cliff.”

Rachelle narrowed her eyes at him as he reached for his phone. She was tired of everyone making her father out to be a bad guy.

A series of calls later, she and Jay was being escorted to their rooms on the thirty-fourth floor. The resort was truly magnificent with marble floors and decorated in rich gold and black coloring. It had a grandeur that reminded of her of some of the luxury hotels in Milan.

They made their way down the end of the quiet floor where the resort’s logo, a large gold crown, gleamed on the wall. They entered a large suite and Rachelle was further impressed by the lavishness of the suite. The decor was more masculine than she liked, but it worked for the regal theme of the hotel.

Rachelle kicked off her shoes and sat on the end of the large bed. She hadn’t realized there was a second room connected to it until Jay walked to it and quickly scanned inside.

“Do you have your phone?” he asked, shutting the connecting door.

She nodded, suddenly realizing how weary she was.

“Keep it close. If you need anything, charge it to the room, but don’t leave the room. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”

Rachelle jumped off of the bed when he turned to leave. “You’re leaving now?” She couldn’t stop the anxiety from creeping into her voice. She balked at the thought of him going out again. He had almost been killed because of her and that realization left her sick to her stomach.

“No one knows you’re here, princess. You’ll be safe.”

She walked up to him. “It’s not that. I just…” I want you to be safe. “Just be careful, okay.” The knowledge that she was in love with him was still too new to her, but she knew without a doubt that she loved this fierce hulk of a man. Every tall, rugged, self-contained inch of him.

He leaned down and kissed her. “I’ll be fine, princess,” he said, running his thumb along her lower lip. “You just get some rest.”

But rest or sleep was not an option, not when he was out there, exposed to the men who were willing to kill him just to get to her.

****

“How’s my daughter?”

Jay stared across the table at Provenzano in the empty dining room of the large restaurant and tried to keep his posture relaxed. There was a detachment in the man that put Jay on guard more than usual. “She’s fine. She’s safe.”

Provenzano leaned back in his seat and took another drag from his cigar, his expression unreadable. “You say that, but then I have to hear about a bullet narrowly missing her head. That’s not the kind of shit I want to hear about.”

Technically Jay had been the true target, but Jay didn’t correct that pointless detail. The fact was that he should have never taken her out in the first place.

“Where is she?”

Jay hesitated, glancing at the other man sitting at the table. The man was older than Provenzano by a few years and had a quiet demeanor. He hadn’t said much, but then there hadn’t much to say. Jay had called this meeting with Provenzano to fill him in on what had happened last night. Though Jay couldn’t prove that anyone in Provenzano’s circle was behind this, he wouldn’t rule anyone he couldn’t say for certain out.

“You can speak freely in front of Paolo,” Provenzano snapped. “Now tell me where you’re keeping my daughter.”

“Royal Courts.”

Provenzano’s face hardened. “Are you fucking stupid? That’s the last place she would be safe.”

Jay frowned. “Why not? Right now, that’s the only place she’s safe. Whoever’s after her won’t think to look for her there. If they do, they won’t get far.”

Provenzano cursed. “The man who’s after her is the same son-of-a-bitch who used to head the security team there so she is not safe there.”

“Jeff Bates?” Jay was familiar with the name since it was through his recommendation that David had found another security chief to replace his corrupt one. The man had been part of the money laundering scheme at Royal Courts but Jay hadn’t believed he’d been the mastermind. And with Bates in prison, where would he get the money or resources to set up a hit like this?

Provenzano stubbed his cigar before answering. “That pompinara made a big mistake thinking he could negotiate with my daughter’s life. But he’ll pay for that mistake soon enough.”

Jay glanced at Paolo, who nodded with approval, satisfaction stretching his lips into a chilling grin.

Jay wanted to feel that same satisfaction that Provenzano had finally found the offender, but he couldn’t. Not when he knew this meant that his time with Rachelle was over.

“So this was all just for ransom?”

“What else. The son-of-a-bitch clearly forgot who he was fucking with, thinking he could hire some second-rate bastards to kidnap my Dia while he sat safely behind his cell.” Provenzano shook his head. “Once I’ve gotten word that he’s been dealt with, I want you to get my daughter out of Carrone’s establishment and back home with her mother.”

“I would gladly bring her back home,” Jay lied, his gut clenching at the thought. “As long as it’s safe.”

“You let me worry about that,” Provenzano snapped. “Don’t think just because I’ve allowed you to keep her away that I cannot take care of my own. My daughter is beautiful and sweet, and because of that she must be constantly looked after, or someone could easily take advantage of her.”

“You don’t give her enough credit.” Jay hadn’t meant to blurt those words out, but he wondered if Provenzano really knew his daughter. Did he know her goals and aspirations? Know that she wanted to someday open a poetry lounge, that she wanted her independence. Or was he content to some rare jewel that needed to be kept behind glass and regularly guarded?

As Jay prepared to leave, one of Provenzano’s men came into the room and asked for Paolo. Jay would have paid him no mind, but there was something about the cast around his right wrist that gave him pause.

Jay watched as Paolo followed the man out, but he hung back. He flashed back to the night outside of the club, the night Rachelle has almost been taken. He turned back to Provenzano, the uneasiness in his gut refusing to let him leave just yet.

“Can I ask how did you find out about Bates?”

Provenzano studied him for a while and for a minute Jay thought he wouldn’t answer. “From someone very close to me. Someone I trust. Why do you ask?”

Jay knew he was taking a gamble, but he couldn’t leave without voicing his suspicions. Not if it meant bringing Rachelle back someplace she still wasn’t safe in. “The night your daughter was attacked, I managed to disarm one of the men by breaking his wrist. His right wrist.” Jay let that soak in before he continued. “Whoever it was would probably still be recovering from that.”

Provenzano said nothing, but there was a stillness in him that was unsettling. He glanced at the door where the two men had left from then back at Jay. “So what are you say?”

Jay held his hard gaze. “I’m saying that if Bates is behind this, you may want to be sure he didn’t receive help from those you trust.”

****

“I knew I was right not to trust you.”

Rachelle frowned at David Carrone as he pushed past her into her suite. He had sent a security guard to bring her down to his office, but she had refused to leave the room. Partly because Jay had told her not to leave the room, but mostly because she had been waiting for his return all day and hadn’t wanted to miss him.

But evidently, whatever David needed to see her about couldn’t wait.

“What are you talking about? What did I do to you now?”

He studied her with cold, gray eyes and a cold uneasiness settled within her. “Who’s Laurie Fiori?”

She cocked her head to the side curiously. “That’s my uncle Paolo’s daughter. Why?”

“Let me guess. Your uncle Paolo works for your father?”

Rachelle shrugged. “I guess. He’s my father’s best friend, but he also helps manage a few of the family businesses.”

His gaze was watchful as if he was trying to gauge whether she was being honest. “And Laurie?”

“She just works in my mother’s restaurant. Or at least she used to. I don’t know what she’s doing now.” Before Rachelle had left for Brazil, Laurie had been working at Mia Bella’s and though they weren’t close, she had considered Laurie a friend. And part of their lack of closeness was Laurie’s fickle nature, and the fact that she was sleeping with one of her half-brothers, which she loved to gush about whenever they were alone.

“What she’s doing now,” David said, his tone sharp, “is terrorizing my employees in order to steal from my company.”

Rachelle gaped at him. “What? Why would she want to steal anything from you?”

He pulled out a flash drive. “For the information I have in here.”

Confused, Rachelle frowned at him and glanced at the small device in his hand. “And what is it?”

“Bank accounts to offshore accounts, passwords, dates, phone numbers, and a shit load of other incriminating evidence on the money laundered through my casino. By your father,” he bit out. “I had my people take a close look into our servers after I found out how you fit into all of this. I’ve had several intruders try and fail to get to this information.” He waved the small flash drive in his hand. “I told you how much I hate coincidences, right. Now be honest. You say people are after you, that you need someplace safe to stay, but you really came here for this, didn’t you?”

Rachelle was livid at his accusation. “Do you really think I would make-up a fake kidnapping and hire someone to shoot at me just to get to some files? Do you hear yourself?”

David dark brows pulled together into a fierce frown. “I wouldn’t put it past a Provenzano. Your father solicited my former security chief and together they dragged this bullshit through my company. Bates hid an NSO file in the servers, making it impossible to find, which your father must have known about because he had Laurie blackmail one of my employees just to clone my server just to get it all back.”

Rachelle stared at him, incredulous. “I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. Offshore accounts? NSO files? Do you know how you sound?”

David fell silent and just stood there watching her closely. “You really are clueless, aren’t you?”

Rachelle wasn’t sure if it was his condescending tone or the pity in his eyes, but her face burned with embarrassment. She had been used to people not taking her seriously, but at that moment, she resented the oblivion she had allowed herself to live under.

“Then why don’t you educate me. Tell me what the hell is going on and what has my father done to make you hate him so much?”

“Sweetheart, that’s gonna take time I don’t have. But think about it. If there are people after you, I wouldn’t be surprised. Your father has made a lot of enemies, and not because he’s a shrewd businessman, but because he’s a ruthless gangster.”

Rachelle’s hands balled into fist at her sides. Anger threatened to consume her at his false claims. But a voice deep inside her didn’t completely discount his words. Had she really been so blind to the world around her—to who her father was—all these years?

Suddenly, a soft beep came from the door and Jay walked into the suite. He looked from her to David and his brows pulled in a deep frown. “What the hell’s going on in here?”

David quickly filled Jay in on what he’d just learned about Paolo’s daughter and her father’s possible involvement with the recent break-ins at his casino resort. Rachelle, tuned them out, trying to wrap her mind around everything David had told her. She wanted to disregard his claims as just more slander against her father, but when she thought of the constant protection, the secrecy, the legitimacy of David’s accusations were hard to ignore.

At the mention of the Acerra name, Rachelle pulled her attention back to the conversation.

“Bates had been whispering into the Acerras’ ear about the files that were hidden in my servers that could possibly prove Rome’s innocence in all this,” David said. “Maybe even get him out of prison, but that may have been just a lie Bates fed them so they would do his dirty work and get the files and account information before Provenzano did.”

Rachelle processed the information and she wondered how Rome could have possibly gotten involved in this mess with her father. Guilt assailed her at the thought he could have been pulled into this mess because of his infatuation with her, because of his need to shower her with things.

“Provenzano believes its Bates behind this and I thought he was getting help from someone close to the family,” Jay said. “But we’re dealing with two people after the same pot of gold?”

“Looks like it,” David said. “I need you to set up another meeting with Provenzano. We need to get this settled. Can you set that up?”

Jay nodded. “I’ll see if I can set something up tonight.”

Rachelle was in a daze, trying to wrap her mind around everything that was happening and all the things she was discovering about her herself and her family. She didn’t realize David had left the room until she heard the soft click of the hotel room door. Jay came to stand in front of her.

“I have to head out again, princess. I’ll check in on you again when I get back.”

Rachelle nodded absently.

“Am I dreaming or are you finally at a loss for words?”

She didn’t respond to his teasing. She couldn’t. The knowledge of her foolishness tightened her chest and made her heart heavy. She had only been concerned with her needs and wants, indulging Rome’s attentions only when it suited her because only her feelings had been important. And no one else’s.

Jay was right. She was a self-centered snob.

“Rachelle?”

She shook her head, offering him a weak smile before she went to him and wrapped her arms around his waist, holding him tight.

“What’s this?” he said quietly, rubbing her back.

“I just wanted a hug.”

He hugged her close. “Okay, but you do know I’m not always this cute and cuddly, right?”

Her short laugh quickly turned into a sob and she couldn’t stop the tears that clouded her vision. The ache in her chest wouldn’t subside as she mourned the loss of the many illusions she’d held about herself and her father.

“Baby, what’s the matter?” Jay’s tone was tense with worry. “Tell me what’s wrong.”

She could only shake her head, and when he tried to pull away from her, she tightened her hold on him. “Please, just hold me.”

His arms tightened around her, and he held her until the storm of her despair eventually passed.





Chapter Eighteen





Jay waited in the dim, abandoned factory as distant screaming echoed through the building. The meeting he had hoped to have with Provenzano last night hadn’t happened because he had apparently been busy looking into Bates supposed accomplice.

Another scream rang from the back room, but the few men hanging around the deserted building carried on as if it was just another ordinary night. A few of the men had eyed Jay when he’d walked in. The rest had ignored him.

Except one mean looking thug they called Bruce. “You better be taking good care of Rachelle. I’ve been watching out for her before she was in training bras so the Padrone won’t be the only one out for blood if you let anything happen to her.”

More disturbing cries reverberating against the wall.

Whatever was going on back there had been going on longer than Jay could stomach. He didn’t feel bad for the man Provenzano was now “questioning” because Jay believed more than ever that the man he’d seen at the restaurant yesterday had been the same one he’d fought outside the club. But after his talk with David last night, Jay also believed that someone much closer to Provenzano, and much higher up in the food chain, had been behind this. Jay had his suspicions, but he would only present the facts that David had handed him and let Provenzano work out the truth for himself.

Suddenly, the screams were cut off abruptly and an eerie silence fell over the old factory. Seconds later, Provenzano walked out of the room, the sleeves of his dark shirt rolled up to his elbows as he wiped his hands with a rag. Paolo and another man who bore a close resemblance to Provenzano followed him out.

“Padrone,” one man called out. “What do you want us to do with Leo?”

“Leave him there,” Provenzano said. “I’m not finished with him yet.”

Provenzano headed to another room and motioned Jay to follow him. Inside held a single round table and a few foldout chairs. Provenzano lit a fresh cigar and took a seat. After a long drag, he pointed to the seat across him.

“Sit. I don’t like another man towering over me.”

Without protest, Jay fell into an empty seat. He glanced at the two men posted by the door, then turned back to Provenzano. “I was hoping I could talk with you in private.”

Provenzano shook his head. “You can speak freely in front of Paolo and my son. They have been a part of helping me find the bastard behind this. Whatever I know, they will know. Now speak.”

Jay glanced at the men again. Paolo expression held its usual blankness, but Provenzano’s son struggled to keep the irritation from his dark eyes.

What if I told you one of the men involved in this was in this room with us now?

Jay couldn’t know what the revelation would earn him. Provenzano could choose to believe him or put a bullet in his head for once again accusing his family of betraying him. It was gamble Jay would have to take.

“Last night, after our meeting, I spoke with David Carrone,” Jay began. “He wanted me to pass along something to you that he believed would help shed light to this whole situation.” Jay pulled out the flash drive David had handed him and slid it across the table.

Provenzano glanced down at it, but didn’t pick it up. “And what’s that?”

“Information Bates has apparently been after.” Jay explained the incidents that had recently occurred at Royal Courts and the incriminating evidence that had been hidden away in his company’s servers. Provenzano wasn’t stupid and Jay didn’t need to state the obvious that if Bates had known where the files were, and had access to this kind of information, there was no reason for him to stage a ransom. His leverage against Provenzano was the files in that flash drive.

The room was silent and tense as Provenzano picked up the flash drive and studied it closely.

“Why isn’t Carrone here, explaining all of this to me himself?”

Provenzano nodded. “My son, Drew, is right. Why would he trust you to pass on this information?”

“He thought, given the history between you and his family, it was best that I delivered the message, but what you have is only a copy.” Actually, it had been Jay’s idea to pass along the message. Provenzano was loyal to his family and, with the unpredictability of his reaction to these latest findings, Jay didn’t think a sit down between the two men would have gone as civilly. “He kept the originals for leverage. In case anything was to happen to him or his business.”

Provenzano’s jaw clenched, but his tone was even when he asked, “Why send me a copy at all then?”

Jay didn’t turn to the men still at the door, but could sense their rising tension. “Because apparently he traced his last break-in to someone from your camp, a Laurie Fiori, and wants to give you what you’re after so you can stay away.”

Provenzano eyes snapped over at Paolo, who had finally lost his blank expression. “Why the hell is your daughter involved in this?”

The older man’s eyes were wide as he shook his head in confusion. “I have no idea. All of this is news to me. I would never—”

Provenzano jumped out of his seat and it flew back behind him. “God damn it, don’t lie to me! There are only a few of us who know about these files. Two of them are in prison and the rest of us are in here.” Provenzano narrowed his eyes and slowly walked around the table. “Leo has always been very loyal to you and now he refuses to tell me why he went after Dia. Now I have to hear about your daughter getting involved in something I had asked you to deal with.”

Paolo shock swiftly turned to disbelief. “Padrone, I wouldn’t lie to you. Leo may be loyal to me, but I would never have him go after Rachelle. She’s like a daughter to me.”

With a vicious curse, Provenzano charged toward the older man and slammed his fist into his jaw. Jay jumped to his feet, his body instinctively reacting to the violence in the small room.

Tell him, God damn it. Jay had had enough of this and wanted the old man to admit to his guilt. As soon as he’d found out Laurie was actually his daughter, Jay’s suspicions that someone close to Provenzano had been behind this. But the old man refused to take responsibility.

Provenzano glared down at the man, who had fallen to his knees. “She only has one father. Me. Don’t you forget that.”

“Padrone, maybe Carrone is mistaken,” Drew began. “Paolo would never cross you. Men like Bates and Carrone, on the other hand—”

“Shut up, Drew. Unless you can explain to me how Bates found out about your sister, why Leo refuses to tell me the truth, and why Laurie is in on this, you shut your fucking mouth.” Provenzano glared down at Paolo, his face twisted with rage. “Did you think you could have your daughter steal for you? Did you plan to go after my money and laugh behind my back?”

Paolo shook his head, blood running down his nose. “Padrone, you know me. I have never gone against you or the family. And I have never betrayed you.”

For a second, indecision flash in Provenzano’s eyes, but then he grabbed Paolo by the lapels and shoved him against the wall. “That’s why this hurts me. Now, I won’t ask you again. Tell me how Laurie got involved in this or so help me God, I will bring her here and have you watch while I beat the answers from her!”

The tension in the room was thick. Paolo’s words shocked everyone into silence and no one seemed to breathe. For the first time, Jay questioned his own suspicions about the older man.

“And I would help you, Padrone, because I swear to God, I don’t know who put her up to this.”

Jay’s eyes were glued on Provenzano, who stared at the older man in astonishment before he slowly released him. Either Paolo was telling the truth or he had no problems passing the blame on to his own daughter. But Jay doubted that. There was an outraged sincerity in Paolo voice that made him convincing. And if Paolo wasn’t behind Rachelle’s kidnapping, then it was someone else who was very close to Provenzano…

“Who was it that told you about Bates?” Jay asked. “We all know that he wasn’t behind Rachelle’s attack, so who tried to convince you otherwise?”

Provenzano’s head whipped around to Drew. Silence filled the air as he continued to stare at his son with stunned disbelief. Then his face flushed with rage. “You tried to hurt your sister? My daughter! For what? For money?”

Drew’s face paled, but his dark eyes burned with hatred when he glanced over at Jay. “Padrone, Rachelle was never in any real danger. I would never hurt my sister. I only wanted to get back what was rightly ours and have Bates punished for stealing from you, from the family.”

“Keep that lie behind your teeth. You’ve always been so fucking greedy. It’s disgraceful. And now you dare to make me look like a fool.”

Without warning, Provenzano flew at his son, pummeling him until Drew lay in a bloody, unconscious heap on the floor.

Jay kept his expression neutral as he watched Provenzano calmly run a hand over his hair, smoothing it back in place. Paolo’ eyes never left Drew’s crumpled body as he went to stand by Provenzano, as if the man hadn’t struck him only moments ago.

“Padrone?”

“Get him out of here.”

Paolo nodded, his lips pursed in a grim line of disappointment. “And Bates. Do you want me to cancel the order?”

For a moment, Provenzano looked thoughtful then shook his head. “The bastard did steal from the family and that can’t be overlooked.”

When Paolo left the room, Provenzano went back to the table and he resumed smoking his cigar. Jay tried to ignore the man’s bruised and bloody fist, but it was difficult. At that moment, he was eager to leave the cigar and blood reeked room and return to Royal Courts. To Rachelle.

“There is one last message Carrone wanted me to pass along to you.”

Provenzano’s lips curved in disgust. “What?”

“In exchange for the original files, he would like you to make it right by Rome Acerra. He wants you to use what you have to get him released from prison.”

Provenzano scoffed and sat back in his seat. “If I can’t get my own son out, why would I bother helping that idiot who wouldn’t stop sniffing around my daughter? Besides, I plan to use his conviction to get my son released. He’s my leverage.”

“But isn’t he innocent?” Jay imagined Rome Acerra had to be or his brothers wouldn’t be going through the lengths they were to prove he was.

Provenzano smirked. “Not according to the law.”

Jay frowned. Had Provenzano set the man up just to take the blame for his son or because he had been interested in Rachelle? No matter the answer, both were still chilling. The man was beyond a doubt coldblooded.

Paolo returned with two men, and together carried Drew’s limp body from the room. Glancing at Drew’s still form, Jay was reminded how brutal Provenzano could truly be.

“Carrone also wanted me to let you know that in the event you don’t do right by Rome, he will use what he has to do it himself.”

Provenzano raised a brow, his glare unnerving. “I can be a reasonable man, Julian Price, but I don’t like to be fucked with.”

Jay shrugged. “I’m just passing along the message.”

Provenzano was silent as he took another drag of the cigar. “Then pass on another. Tell Carrone I’ll get his friend out, but I expect the original files and any copies he’s made to be delivered to me immediately.”

Jay wasn’t sure if any of that was possible, but agreed to pass the message along. He was getting weary of this kind of work, with all the fear and violence. He was eager to leave this life behind and with the gym transfer under way, Jay hoped to never have to deal with men like Provenzano again.

“Now, it’s time you brought my daughter home,” Provenzano said. “My Izabella is getting lonely without our baby.”

He nodded, hating the longing that was already starting to tug at him. He had prepared for this moment, knew she wouldn’t be with him forever, but the realization that she would soon be out of his life for good was hard for him to accept.

His princess wasn’t even gone yet, and already he was starting to miss her.





Chapter Nineteen





Jay stood outside the suite door, eager yet reluctant to go inside.

Reluctant to bring her back.

She had become important to him and he had enjoyed their time together—both in and out of bed. How would things be between them when she returned back to her life? Could they actually continue a relationship when everything became safe?

Jay shook the thought away, not wanting to give himself false hopes. He’d spent his life facing his reality. He was not the kind of guy that she could build a future with. Her father certainly wouldn’t let him near her.

He would likely kill him first.

Jay entered the suite and Rachelle rushed to him. He barely had the door shut before she threw her arms around him for a quick hug. He grinned, enjoying the display of affection more than he should have. They hadn’t talked about last night, when she’d cried in his arms. He’d been worried about her, wanting nothing more than to make her smile again. But to his relief, she had seemed to recover from whatever it was that had been depressing her.

“Ready to go home, princess?”

She drew back, her eyes wide with delight. “Tonight?”

He could bring her tonight. It was late, but not so much that he would be inconveniencing her. But tomorrow morning, he could at least spend more time with her, maybe even bring her by the loft to get the rest of her things. Whatever he needed to do to put off the inevitable.

“How about tomorrow morning?”

“That works. It’s only been two days, but I’m starting to miss the squeak of the pipes when I fall asleep,” she teased.

It took a second for it to hit him that she thought he was about his place. The fact that she thought of his loft as “home” made him smile. For the past few weeks it had truly felt like home. But that was over and he now had to bring her back to her real home. She must have realized her mistake, or sensed the bleakness he was already starting to feel, because she lost her smile.

“Oh. You mean back to my mother’s condo.” She glanced down at her hands. “So it’s safe to go back there?”

“Yeah, it’s safe now.”

She slipped her hands into his, as if she sensed his agitation. “Well, you promised to be my personal trainer so that I could lose those ten pounds before the charity dinner, remember. So we’ll still see each other.”

Jay squeezed her hand and offered her a strained smile. “You don’t need to lose any weight. You’re perfect the way you are.” He wrapped a hand around her slender arms and playfully squeezed it. “It wouldn’t hurt, for you to build some upper body strength, though. Your arms are still soft.”

He meant for it to be teasing, but nothing about that moment felt lighthearted. Tomorrow, they would go their separate ways, return to their different worlds.

He wanted to stay with her tonight, make love to her one last time, but things felt different now that they weren’t in his loft. They were in “public” now and he had the adjoining room where he had spent the past two nights. They had been hard, knowing she had been asleep in the next room, but he hadn’t wanted to disturb her. Now, he couldn’t think of anything else.

And it didn’t help that she was always so hot and eager for him.

Jay reached out and brushed his finger across her cheek and down her jaw. She leaned into his touch and closed her eyes. He needed to leave now or he would forget his good intentions of giving her some space.

“Be ready at eight.” After a short pause, he leaned down and lightly brushed his lips across hers. “Goodnight, princess.”

Her eyebrows pulled together as he headed to leave. “Jay?” she called out, closing the distance between them. “Where are you going?”

“I’ll be in the next room.” Even now, he was still mesmerized by how beautiful she was.

“Why?”

Why, indeed.

Because the thought that he was taking advantage of their situation had crossed his mind before and had only been highlighted with each visit to her father. Though he wanted to be no place else but in this room with her, he needed to accept that come tomorrow, life for him would go back to what it had been before her.

“I don’t want you to think I’m abusing our situation by assuming anything.”

Her face softened and she smiled. “I won’t.” She came to stand directly in front of him, blocking his way to the door. “I want you to stay. Here. With me.”

He cupped her chin and stared at her searchingly. “Are you sure?”

She moved closer to him and looped her arms around his neck. “Yes.” She tugged him down for a slow, passionate kiss. He lifted her up and her legs instinctively cradled him and he carried her to the bed.

They spent the next few hours in bed, locked in each other’s arms with her on his lap. Her legs were wrapped tightly around him, his cock buried deep inside her, as they stared into each other’s eyes. The heat of her delicately clenching around his shaft drove him to the edge, but he fought it, wanting this moment to last.

Her brown eyes were cloudy with desire and for a moment they simply stared at each as if in a trance, their bodies moving rhythmically to a beat as old as time. He dropped light kisses on her shoulder and on the tops of her breasts and committed every soft pulsing of her tight body to memory, savored the sweet scent of her as she gently rode him to fulfillment. She was the sweetest thing that had come into his life and tomorrow he would be forced to give her back.

Tonight, however, she was all his.

Tightening his arms around her, he gritted his teeth against the need for release. He concentrated on memorizing her every response in this moment. He gazed into her flushed face and slightly parted lips, before he captured them for a long, lingering kiss. They rocked and moved together as one, but in the end, his body gave in to the onslaught of pleasure vibrating through his body. With a low groan, he went over the precipice and gave into his desire as her soft moans echoed in his ears.

****

The banging on the hotel door jarred them both awake.

Still disoriented, Rachelle lifted her head from Jay’s chest and pushed her hair from her face. Jay was already on his feet, muttering curses as he jerked on his jeans.

“Who is that?”

“I don’t know.” He went to answer the incessant pounding, turning on the lights on his way to the door.

She blinked from the sudden glare and brought the sheet up to her chest. A quick glance at the time revealed it was late. Very late.

From the doorway, came David Carrone’s frustrated voice. “Sorry, Jay. I thought you were in the next room. Where’s Rachelle? He threatened to cause a scene if I didn’t bring him to her.”

The next voice she heard almost stopped her heart. Rachelle scrambled out of the bed, keeping the sheet wrapped tight around her, as she made her way around the bed, trying desperately to find her clothes.

“Where the hell is my daughter?” her father barked, shoving pass Jay. “Is she in here with you?”

Rachelle came face to face with her father when he walked fully into the suite. Her face flushed with embarrassment as he stared at her, his widening with each second that passed.

Jay moved to stand in front of her, his body rigid with tension. His stance was that of a human shield. It was as if he were guarding her from her own father and she wanted to tell him that it was okay, that her father may be many things but he would never hurt her.

But she didn’t get the chance.

After his slow assessment of her bed-rumpled state, her father swung his gaze to Jay. He took in his naked torso and the unsnapped button of his jeans, and he erupted.

“You son of a bitch!” Face flushed, her father lunged at Jay and punched him solidly in the mouth.

“Babbo!” Stunned, Rachelle stared at her father. She had seen him lose his temper before, but she had never witnessed this level of violence in him.

A small streak of blood slid down the corner of Jay’s lip, but he didn’t go after her father, which she was grateful for. Having seen Jay fight, she knew he could do a lot of damage to her father. David, who had been keeping some distance between them, shifted closer. His eyes were alert and his stance said he was ready to intervene if needed.

“Dia, how could you let a man like him touch you?” her father asked harshly.

Rachelle clutched the sheet closer, heat flooding her face as her father and David stared at her. Jay, however, continued watching her father, his blue eyes like hard ice.

“I—”

“He forced you, didn’t he?” her father shouted, his eyes blazing. “You piece of shit.”

“No, he didn’t! Babbo, stop!”

But her father ignored her. Instead, he lunged at Jay again, murder in his dark eyes.

Everyone moved at once. David grabbed for her father while she moved to stand in front of Jay. But before she could come between the two men, Jay grabbed her by the waist and quickly swept her behind him.

Her father struggled with David, rage blazed in her father’s eyes. Beside her, Jay pulsed with suppressed violence and anger. Rachelle couldn’t take any more of it.

“Babbo, please stop!” she shrieked. “I’m in love with him.”

The room went silent. Rachelle closed her eyes briefly, realizing how ridiculous she must sound. She hadn’t meant to shout those words, but it was how she felt and she didn’t want the two men she loved to hurt each other.

The tension in the room could have easily been sliced through. She felt Jay’s eyes on her, but didn’t look at him. Instead, she kept her eyes on her father who stared at her with baffled disbelief.

“Are you stupid, girl? You can’t possibly love this animal.” Her father tore his arm from David’s grip and made a move toward her.

Jay planted himself in front of her, his stance filled with concentrated aggression. Her father stopped in his tracks, murder burning bright in his eyes. Rachelle placed a tentative hand on Jay’s back, hoping to soothe what restrained violence kept his muscular frame locked with such rigidity. Under her light touch, his body began to relax just a little.

“Jay… It’s okay.”

“Move the fuck out of my way.” Rachelle winced at the harshness in her father’s voice. “I’m taking my daughter home. And if you even think about coming near her again, I’ll kill you myself.”

Rachelle sucked in her breath, and a shiver raised the hairs on the back of her neck at the threat. She had never seen her father this angry and, at that moment, she believed he meant every word.

Her father turned his cold gaze on her and her breath caught at the brutality in them. “Let’s go,” he hissed.

“She needs to get dressed.” Jay’s hard voice startled her. Those were the first words he’d spoken since her father had come barging into the suite.

Her father didn’t look at her. “Put on your clothes, Rachelle.”

She couldn’t remember the last time her father had used her given name. She had gotten so accustom to his nickname, it startled her and saddened her. She always wanted her father to see her as an adult, to take her seriously, but not like this. Not at the expense of losing his love and respect.

Suddenly, she was acutely aware of her nakedness underneath the smooth sheet. She wrapped it tightly around her and grabbed her dress. Jay kept his hard gaze trained on her father and they stood like two bulls waiting to charge. David threw her a sympathetic glance then returned his watchful gaze to the two men.

Cheeks burning, Rachelle rushed to the bathroom and quickly threw on her clothes. Humiliation over the entire incident began to sink in and she could barely look at any of the men when her father dragged her out of the hotel room.

****

The drive back to the condo was tense. Besides the orders he’d barked to the driver, her father remained silent, staring straight ahead, his cold expression set in stone. He hadn’t looked at her since they’d gotten into the back seat of the car. His even tone startled her when he finally spoke.

“Dia, you think you love him, but you don’t. You don’t even really know him. You don’t know what he’s capable of.” Her father’s tone was emotionless, almost cold. “I know men like him. He’s no good for you.”

He was wrong. She knew loyalty, integrity, and compassion when she saw it and those were the qualities Jay had, the characteristics that had led her to fall in love with him.

“Babbo, please. You don’t know—”

“Damn it, he’s a murderer! It that the kind of man you want to lay with?”

Rachelle stiffened, her face heating. “That was an accident. The man he fought died of a heart attack. It wasn’t his fault.”

Her father’s face tightened. “And did he tell you about his stepfather?”

She nodded jerkily, her fists clenched on her lap. “I know he’s dead.”

“Yes, and all by his hands,” her father spat. “The hands you let him touch you with.”

The bottom dropped in her stomach. She stared at her father, slowly shaking her head. “Why would you lie about something like that?”

His piercing brown eyes sliced into her. “Believe me or not, the truth is the truth. He may have done it to protect his mother, but that doesn’t change the fact that he took his own father’s life. And God knows how many others. A man like that makes for a good watchdog. He’s strong, loyal, and a fierce protector. But he’s still an animal.”

His phone rang, and Rachelle’s heart pounded heavily as she listened. The one-sided conversation sent chills down her back.

“I need you to take care of something for me,” he told whomever he was talking to. “There was a problem with my last purchase and I need you to fix my order. Yeah,” he said after a short pause. “Make sure it gets done. Soon.”

“No!” She dove across the seat and snatched the phone from her father’s grasp. It fell to the floorboard, underneath the passenger seat. Her father was so startled, he stared at her then his anger took over. But Rachelle was more afraid of what he’d just ordered to be done than his actual anger. She wouldn’t pretend not to know what her father had been coldly ordering. “Babbo, please don’t hurt him,” she begged, clutching his arm. “Please.” Fear for Jay made her desperate.

Her father shook away her grip and retrieved his phone. He slowly shut it. His flat tone did not match the harsh glare he fixed her with. “Do not ever interrupt me again when I’m discussing business,”

Rachelle shook her head, ignoring the anger in his voice. “Call them back and tell them not to hurt him!”

Her father’s controlled calm snapped. “You let that animal between your legs, and you expect me to just let him live.”

“It’s my body! I can do what I want with it. I’m not a child.” She saw the rising fury in his eyes, but she couldn’t stop the words, even if she wanted to. “Do you go around hurting people just because you can? Just because you think you’re better?” She scoffed. “All this time I’ve believed in you, believed you to be this better man, but you didn’t deserve it. You’re the animal!”

Before she could react, her father backhanded her hard across the face. Her face whipped around and she cried out from the pain and shock. Her cheek throbbed.

Rachelle brought a trembling hand up to her face and stared at her father through a veil of unshed tears. He had never hit her before, had never once touched her in anger.

“Babbo?”

For a moment he looked just as shaken as she, but evidently Raffaele Provenzano didn’t apologize or beg forgiveness from no one.

Painful silence filled the car. For the first time, Rachelle truly saw her father for the ruthless man everyone accused him of. She dropped her hand from her stinging cheek. It served as a prickling reminder that even she wasn’t safe from his wrath.

“If you hurt him, I will never forgive you,” she said in a low, harsh whisper. She clenched her teeth to keep her lips from trembling. “Do you hear me? Never.”

Her father’s dark brows pulled together in a ferocious frown. His jaw clenched and he turned away from her, staring straight ahead.

Hands fisted on her lap, Rachelle turned to stare out the window. At that moment, she understood her father was capable of anything. She let the tears fall, heartbroken that things between her and her father would never be the same, yet relieved for the very same thing.

Her heart wrenched at the thought that because of her, Jay could very well be in danger. Maybe if she promised to keep her distance, her father would leave him alone. Though the thought of never seeing or speaking to him again broke her heart, Rachelle would do it if that would keep him safe.

It would just be the hardest thing she’s ever tried to do.





Chapter Twenty





It was early morning, inside the Royal Courts parking garage, when he was ambushed.

Jay made his way through the parking garage, half expecting a bullet in the back of his head, but he managed to reach his truck without incident.

He just never made it inside.

A black van pulled up behind his truck and six large men jumped out. Jay cursed, recognizing a few of the men from the abandoned factory where he’d met Provenzano yesterday. Jay kept his back to his truck as the men stalked toward him.

Maybe he should have taken David up on his offer to stay at the resort a little longer. Maybe he should have left last night right after Rachelle had been ripped from his life. Or maybe he should have just kept his hands to himself.

Jay surveyed each man, processing where his advantages and obstacle lay among these men because thinking of “maybes” wasn’t going to get him out of this. He could have done a lot of things differently, but the one thing he didn’t regret was making love to Rachelle.

It had taken everything Jay had not to pull her out of her father’s hard grip. He had seen the way she had flinched when Provenzano had grabbed her arm and hauled her away and if it hadn’t been for David, he would have gone after them.

Jay watched as the men created a semi-circle around him, some of the wearing smirks. He had never run from a fight and he wouldn’t today.

“The Padrone is very disappointed in you,” Bruce said, coming to stand directly in front of him. “Don’t you know not to mess with a man’s jewels? And to do something so suicidal like sleep with his daughter.” Bruce shook his head in disappointment. “You got greedy, Julian Price.”

Jay kept his facial expression neutral though adrenaline pumped through him in anticipation for the attack. If Provenzano had sent these men to kill him, Jay didn’t plan to go down without giving them a good fight.

The other men continued to close in on him. Jay landed the first blow, catching Bruce unawares. He stumbled back into another man and Jay didn’t wait to land another punch to a shorter guy charging directly at him. That man fell to his knees.

Something solid struck Jay’s shoulder, followed by a fist to his side. Jay grunted and grabbed the arm, twisting it hard. He tugged at the man and swung his body to two others nearest him. The trio collapsed in a heap on the side, but the swinging fists and feet were constant.

Jay dodged as many blows as he could and even managed to knock down three of the six men before he felt the hard barrel pressed against the back of his head. He froze.

“Slow down, big guy,” Bruce warned. “Now, the Padrone just sent us here to talk to you. You can either listen to what we have to say, or I can end the conversation. Your choice.”

Jay released the man he held around the neck and lowered his hands. With Bruce’s gun trained at his head, Jay took the punches and jabs that came crashing on him. He had been in a lot of fights, some of them vicious. But nothing compared to the many fists and legs that struck every inch of his body. A solid object to the back of the head had brought him to his knees, yet he tried to maintain consciousness. But with every blow, he found it difficult to do. Eventually, he fell to his side on the hard ground.

More kicks and blows followed him down.

Jay took a swift kick in the ribs and he rolled to his side. Bruce loomed over him and planted a heavy foot on his chest. A grunt, followed by a spurt of blood, gurgled from Jay’s throat. Numbness began to settle along his body and Jay welcomed it. Along with the unconsciousness that hovered near.

“You are one lucky son-of-a-bitch, Julian Price,” Bruce said, pressing down on his chest. More blood curdled out of Jay’s throat as he gasped for air. “Be grateful that you just got a talking to.”

Bruce removed his foot and Jay coughed up more blood and saliva. From the slit in his one good eye, he saw the rush of the man’s foot as he swung it toward his head.

With that final blow, darkness followed.

****

Rachelle waited until she was alone before she pulled out her suitcase from her closet. She had been packed for days now, waiting for the right opportunity.

It had been two weeks since her father had dragged her out of Royal Courts and out of Jay’s life. She worried about him constantly, wondered if he was okay. Though her father had assured her nothing had happened to Jay, that he was still alive, Rachelle wanted to see him for herself but she relunctantly stayed away at her father’s demand. She hated the power her father tried to wield over her, but she would keep her distance if that meant keeping Jay safe.

Beyond that conversation, Rachelle refused to speak with her father. His way of apologizing for hitting her had been to send little gifts that she promptly handed to her mother. Rachelle wouldn’t have her affections or forgiveness purchased while her wishes remained ignored.

Not anymore.

Rachelle was finally moving out and she wasn’t going to let anyone stop her. Not even her mother, who was distressed by the strain between her and her father.

“Sweetie, please try to understand,” her mother had said the other night. “Your father loves you very much. He may not be perfect, but his love for us is unquestionable.” Her mother paused then added with a sigh, “He’s always been a very jealous lover and when I had you, he became a very jealous father. He wants our love unconditionally and he wants it only for himself. I know I shouldn’t encourage him, but he’s the love of my life.” She shrugged. “Now that this Jay has come and won your heart, he thinks there’s no room in there for him anymore.”

“That’s ridiculous,” Rachelle said. “Of course, I love him. He’s my father. I just…I love Jay too.”

Her mother gave her a sympathetic look. “I know, sweetie, but you’re his only daughter. It’s just going to take him a while to accept that you’re a woman now and he has to share your love.”

Rachelle didn’t have a while and she refused to give her father any more time to understand. She planned to leave today. And when she became settled in her new life, she planned to be with Jay.

She had looked up the story her father had told her about him and the murder of his stepfather. Rachelle hadn’t been able to find much information beyond that it had been self-defense and since he had been a minor he hadn’t been convicted.

Since her father’s men were constantly around and she hadn’t been able to go anywhere without one of them following her like a second shadow—and reporting back to her father, no doubt—Rachelle had decided to wait until late to leave. It seemed like everything in her old life was crumbling, and she was eager for a fresh start.

Rachelle dragged her bag behind her as she made her way downstairs to the car waiting for her. She had lost the highrise loft apartment to another applicant, but even that wouldn’t keep her in her mother’s condo a minute longer. She would rather stay in a motel then to deal with her father’s constant supervision.

Her first stop was going to be to Jay. She needed to see him, needed to see for herself that he was all right.

****

Jay wiped the sweat from his brows then rammed his fist into the thick, low-hanging punching bag. It had been over two weeks since Provenzano had dragged her out of that hotel room and out of his life. There hadn’t been a day when he hadn’t thought about driving to her condo and taking her back with him to liven up his quiet, dark loft again. Except, he didn’t want to come between her and her family. He didn’t want to force her to choose.

But damn did he miss her.

He drove his fists into the bag again. He was going to feel it all over again later. His ribs were still sore from the pounding he’d taken from Provenzano’s men. He should count his blessings he wasn’t dead, but he didn’t. He would gladly take another beating just to have her in his arms again because nothing hurt worst than not being able to see her again. To not be able to hold her or hear her constant chatter.

Jay smiled at the last thought. The ass kicking he’d taken must have loosened a few screws in his head because he couldn’t deny that he even missed arguing with her. And the way she would narrow her eyes when she was annoyed or upset with him.

He missed everything about her.

Damn Provenzano.

Jay pounded the bag a few more times, letting out his frustration and anger at the situation. The man treated his daughter like a prisoner, with little of her say in how she chose to live her life, and there was nothing anyone could do about it. If Jay didn’t think Provenzano would have him gunned down the moment he came near Rachelle, Jay would go to her. The thought of never seeing or holding her again, filled Jay with a silent anguish that he packed into his punch.

He had finally found a woman he wanted to spend forever with but he couldn’t have her.

“If your goal is to beat the life out of that bag, you’ve succeeded.”

Jay glanced over at Gil but continued punching the bag. Jay hadn’t bothered to put on boxing gloves and he knew he was just making it worse for himself. But he welcomed the pain. It was a needed distraction to the strange ache in his heart.

Gil came close and held the bag steady. “I know it hurts now, son, and it’s gonna hurt for a while, but nothing good is gonna come from breaking your fists on that bag. Why don’t you call it a night.”

Jay paused in mid strike then dropped his fist. He knew Gil was talking about more than just his bruised ribs or his sore fist. The pain he felt right now was bigger than that.

Gil released the bag. “Besides, I need your hands in working condition tomorrow to sign those papers, so you better be able to grip a pen.”

Tomorrow the transfer of ownership for the gym would be official. Jay should have been more excited than he was, but there was a void in his life that he couldn’t seem to replace.

The gym was where Jay learned to defend himself and it was what had helped him become the man he was now. Jay had spent years lying to himself, afraid to acknowledge the people and things that made him happy. Not recognizing that there was something bigger than himself steering these people into his life.

People like Gil, who had been a part of his life in a time he’d needed someone the most. Gil had introduced him to fighting to help him get out the aggression and anger he’d bottled inside him after his parents’ death. Gil had saved him from himself and if it hadn’t been for the stubborn old man, Jay couldn’t say how his life would have turned out. He certainly couldn’t imagine he would have ever become the soon-to-be business owner.

And people like Rachelle.

Before, Jay had been conflicted about taking over the gym, but Rachelle had shown him that it was okay to want and demand more out of life. In the short time he’d had her, he had gotten more than just physical pleasure from her. He had found happiness. Yet even she had been taken away from him and nothing—or no one—could make up for that. Not the gym or the pain that he hoped would let him forget.

Jay left the gym and headed to his quiet loft, vaguely wondering when it would feel like home again.





Chapter Twenty-One





Rachelle stood outside the old warehouse door, praying Jay was home. She had never used the front door and had never seen him use it before either. They had always entered his loft apartment through the side door in the garage. She wondered if he could even hear her knocking.

She raised her fist to knock again when the door swung open. Jay stood before her, shirtless, wearing only his gray sweatpants. He was as tall and muscular as she remembered. She had rehearsed what she had planned to say the moment she saw him again, but two weeks had been a long time…

Rachelle dropped her bag and threw her arms around him. He caught her with a grunt and held her close. Her arms and legs wrapped around him tight. He groaned, but brought her and her bag inside. Still, she didn’t let him go. Instead, she kept her face buried in the crook of his neck. He smelled of fresh soap and she pressed against him closer, wanting to absorb some of his warmth.

“I’ve missed you.”

“I’ve missed you too, princess.”

She drew back and looked at him. “I needed to come see you. I meant to get here earlier, but I got lost trying to find the place. I think I drove the driver crazy, but he was nice enough to take me to the gym first so I could back track my way here.” She was rambling, but she couldn’t help it. She was excited and nervous to be back in his arms. “I’m hoping I can stay with you while I look for another apartment. Maybe we can even go out in the desert again and eat tacos or look out at the stars? I really liked—”

He kissed her, cutting off her long-winded explanations. He kissed her like a man starved for his mate and she returned his hunger with all the pent up love and desire she held, filling the emptiness that had settled within her these past two weeks. They couldn’t enough of each other. She pushed her body against his to get as close as she possibly could. He sucked in a sharp breath and pulled away from her. She slid down from his arms and he grimaced.

“Jay? What’s wrong?”

He shook his head. “It’s nothing. I’m just a little sore.”

It was then, studying him closely, that she noticed the faint dark marks under his eyes and the faint bruises on his chest and along the right side of his waist.

She reached out and gingerly touched the darkest of the fading marks on his ribs. “What happened?” But as soon as the question left her lips, she knew. Tears blurred her vision, but a burst of anger so great filled her, she almost couldn’t speak. “I told him not to hurt you.”

Jay grabbed her chin and lifted her face to his. He brushed his lips lightly across hers. “I’m fine.” He kissed her again. “I’m even better now that you’re here.”

She returned his embrace, but was too afraid to touch him, to get too close. Jay tightened his grip around her waist and drew her close.

“God, I want to make love to you,” he whispered against her lips.

“Me too, but I don’t want to hurt you.”

He smiled, trailing his thumb across her cheek. He grabbed her hand and led her to the bed. “Then come hold me for a while.”

She kicked off her sandals before crawling into the large bed. They lay against each other and she was careful not to put too much of her weight on him. Her head rested on his shoulder, and she gently ran her hands over his chest and down to his ribcage, hoping the gently touch could soothe some of his pain.

“I’m glad you’re here.” He nestled his face in her curls and breathed in deep.

“Me too.” She wanted it to be like this forever. “Jay?”

“Hmm?”

“Do you believe in love at first sight?”

When he didn’t answer, she looked up at him. He shook his head. She didn’t take offense. Hell, she hadn’t even been sure if she liked him when they’d met so she appreciated his honesty.

“Me neither. But I do know that I love you. I wasn’t just saying it the other night.”

He gave her a gentle squeeze. “And I knew I loved you the night you asked me to hold you. I realized then that I never wanted to let you go.”

Rachelle’s heart skipped at his words and she placed her hand on his cheek. She leaned over him, wanting him to know that she loved him despite his past. “My dad told me about what happened with your stepfather.”

Jay stiffened then closed his eyes, shutting her out. She leaned down and kissed him on the lips. “You don’t have to tell me what happened. I know you were only trying to protect your mother. I just wanted you to know that it doesn’t change how I feel about you.”

He kept his eyes closed, his jaw clenched tight. She rested her head on his shoulder and wrapped her arms around him. She didn’t know what kind of nightmares he was remembering but she wanted him to know she was here with him, for him.

“My stepfather got a kick out of beating the shit out of my mother,” Jay said tightly, his voice filled with disgust. “I don’t know why she let him, but she never did anything to stop it.”

He fell silent. Rachelle held her breath and didn’t move, didn’t say a word. She just let him get it out.

“It was all an accident. I didn’t mean to kill him, but he had his hands around her neck and her blood was running down his arm…”

Rachelle closed her eyes at the horror he must have witnessed.

“I shot at him just to scare him, to get him to stop, but… Anyway, I’m just lucky Gil was the detective on my case, but he was able to convince the DA it was self-defense and made sure I wasn’t charged as an adult.” He sighed wearily. “After that night, I also lost my mother. She started drinking, and when that wasn’t enough, she started with the pills until one day neither was enough and she overdosed.”

Rachelle tried hard to keep the tears from falling. She didn’t want her pain to distract him, she wanted to be strong for both of them, but it was hard.

“I should have just taken off like I’d always planned,” he muttered, staring up at the ceiling. “But I guess…I thought she needed me.”

How ironic, a man full of so many demons hadn’t turned out to be a monster himself. His passion for fighting and the tattoos made sense now. He was used to trading one source of his pain for another. Maybe the fighting did relax him, but she believed it was just another way for him to find something else to replace the pains of his past.

He’d lost so much—his parents, his passion for fighting—yet he hadn’t grown to be a malicious person and didn’t take his pain out on the world. Instead, he kept it all locked up inside and somehow found a way to function and survive. She understood now why he was so obsessed with her learning to protect herself. He had been preparing her for the moment when she wouldn’t need him.

But she did. She couldn’t imagine a future without him.

Rachelle placed her palm on his cheek and turned him to her. “I need you, Jay.” She placed a gently kiss on his lips and his arms tightened around her. Sometimes it was easy to forget that “need” and “want” were interchangeable—that few people wanted to be needed, but everyone needed to be wanted.

She tucked her head in the crook of his neck and held him close. He was a modern day warrior, going above and beyond what was asked of him to help and protect those he cared about. Where others would have been damaged and broken, his heart was still whole, still fiercely protective.

She kept her head on his shoulder and breathed in his scent, feeling the more content than she had in weeks. Whether he needed it or not, she would absorb some of his pain he kept masked behind a wall of control and lend him her strength. He didn’t need saving, but she intended to be there for him whenever his burden became too heavy.

****

Jay woke with a start, but didn’t move a muscle. Rachelle still slept by his side, nestled warmly against his side. But something was wrong.

He opened his eyes and found a semi-automatic pointed at his head.

Jay willed his heart to stop racing, so he could think straight. He recognized the battered man holding the gun. Provenzano’s son. Drew.

“Get up.” Drew took a step back. “Nice and easy, big guy.”

Jay kept his eyes on the man as he slowly pulled away from Rachelle. He must have forgotten to latch the front door shut after he’d brought her inside. He immediately thought about the gun in the nightstand, but didn’t want to risk it. Not with Rachelle sleeping nearby.

Jay cursed himself for his carelessness, but rose from the bed. Drew kept the gun leveled at him as he moved away from the bed.

“Okay, you can stop right there.”

Jay stopped, keeping his stance non-threatening. “If you shoot me now, she’s gonna hear it and I don’t want her to see this.”

Drew glanced over at Rachelle’s sleeping form. He wouldn’t dare hurt Rachelle, but Jay didn’t want to leave anything to chance.

“Just don’t try anything stupid,” Drew said. “And I’ll make it quick.”

The man’s eyes were also dilated and Jay suspected he was high on something, though he appeared fully in control of himself. But a man with a gun, hopped up on drugs made for a very uncontrollable situation.

“Did Provenzano send you?”

“You embarrassed the Padrone with your disrespect. My father would never tolerate another man fucking with him or the family and you’ve done more than that, haven’t you?” He glanced toward the bed where Rachelle still slept and his wild dark eyes turned mean. “The Padrone has killed men for less than what you’ve done. I knew he’s gotten soft because he should have killed you. But I’m going to make things right. I am going to restore our family’s reputation and everyone will know not to fuck with a Provenzano ever again.”

Jay’s heart thumped in his chest as he took in the faded bruises and cuts on the man’s face. Provenzano had certainly made good on his promise to “take care” of his son. Drew no longer look like the smug, clean-cut man Jay had met back at the butcher’s shop and he wondered if it wasn’t his bruised pride that had brought him here, instead of his family’s “honor.”

“What about Rachelle? I don’t want this done in front of her.” Jay wouldn’t waste time trying to rationalize with the other man. He just needed to get Drew alone, away from Rachelle, then Jay would risk saving his own life. “I don’t think Provenzano would appreciate you killing anyone in front of her,” Jay added. “Why don’t you take me to the desert? You can kill me there.”

Drew weighed that idea. “No. Get in the bathroom. I’ll do it in there.”

Jay stared at the man, unflinchingly, but his mind raced with how he could get close enough to the man to disarm him without possibly firing the gun off.

But his heart stopped when Rachelle began to stir in the bed. “Jay?”

He didn’t turn to her, keeping his attention on Drew. But it didn’t take her long to register what was going on.

“Oh my God,” she breathed. “Drew, what are you doing?” She scrambled out of the bed, moving closer to them.

“Rachelle, stay back,” Jay barked. The last thing he wanted was her getting caught in the middle or pushing her strung out brother to violence. Jay glanced at her and saw the confused horror on her face.

Even now, he didn’t regret the time he’d gotten to have with her. And if he had to do it all again, he wouldn’t take any of the nights she spent in his arms away. He only wished they’d gotten to have more time together. But he’d gotten to tell her he loved her.

For now, that was all that mattered.

****

Rachelle moved closer to the two men, ignoring Jay’s sharp command. Her stomach clenched tight as she watched her half-brother hold a gun on Jay.

“Drew, listen to me.” Her heart pounded. “I came back here on my own, so just leave him alone.”

Drew kept his gaze on Jay. “Rachelle, go wait for me outside. I’ll take you home once I’m finished here.”

Her mind raced and her heart was in her throat. She couldn’t let him kill Jay. She’d only just gotten him back in her life. She was on the brink of a full-blown panic as she continued to stare at the gun in Drew’s hands. The thing appeared to grow before her very eyes and for a split second, she couldn’t believe Jay tried to teach her how to use—

The gun!

“Drew, there’s no reason to hurt him. I just came back here to pick-up a lost earring,” she lied, hoping he wouldn’t notice her pink and brown travel bag at the other end of the room. “I must have fallen asleep, but I’m not leaving here without it.” She turned to Jay. “You said you left it in the nightstand, right? Is it still there?”

Jay took a quick glance at her then returned his gaze to Drew. For a minute, she thought he didn’t understand what she was really asking, but he slowly nodded.

Rachelle walked to the small drawer and breathed a sigh of relief. She rustled through the contents inside for show then pulled out the handgun. She whirled around and leveled it at Drew.

Drew’s eyes widened and he stared back at her in confusion. She slowly walked over to Jay, keeping herself calm and remembering everything he’d taught her about handing the semi-automatic.

“Rachelle—”

She cut off her brother and kept her tone even. “I don’t want to have to shoot you, Drew, but I will if you move. Now put your gun down and leave. Just turn around and get the hell out of here.” Her half-brother remained silent and she imagined he was trying to gauge how serious she was. “Please don’t test me, Drew. I know how to use this thing, trust me. My aim may be a bit off, but I always hit my target.” It was a lie. She had always missed her target, but he didn’t need to know that. “I could aim for your arm to show you, but then I would probably end up hitting your heart, killing you. And I don’t want to have to kill you.”

Drew paled slightly, but still he hesitated. She was standing in front of Jay now, both of them pointing their weapons at each other. She didn’t believe her half-brother would hurt her, much less shoot her, but she obviously had to remind him what would happen if he did.

“I’m going to give you to the count of five and if you don’t drop your gun and leave, I will shoot you.” Drew still didn’t move. “I said I didn’t want to kill you, Drew, but I will if I have to. Or you can try to shoot around me, but if you miss and hit me instead… well, I would hate to think what Babbo would do to you if he found out about that.”

Indecision was plain in Drew’s eyes, but still he didn’t lower his gun. Rachelle began to count. She got to number three before he brought his arm down. She released a heavy sigh of relief.

“Kick it away,” Jay barked. When the man did, Jay moved from behind her in a blur. Before she could process what was happening, Jay struck Drew solidly on the jaw. He collapsed to the ground and laid there eerily still.

“Jay!”

“He’s fine.”

Jay searched Drew’s body and pulled out two more guns and a knife. Rachelle stared in astonishment as Jay moved the weapons away. What had Drew been planning to do?

“Baby, give me the gun.”

Rachelle didn’t realize she still had it trained on Drew’s unconscious body until Jay gently extracted it from her grip. He reset the safety and placed the gun with the other weapons.

He came back to her and cupped her chin with his hand. “You did good, princess,” he said, stroking her cheek with the pads of his thumb. “But I don’t want you to take that kind of risk for me again. Okay?”

She couldn’t make him that promise because she would do it again if it meant saving his life. Her father had sent his son to kill the man she loved? She couldn’t wrap her mind around it, couldn’t believe her father would resort to such extremes to keep them apart.

The reality of what just happened began to sink in and she started to shake. Jay gathered her in his arms. “Shh, it’s okay.”

She didn’t realize she was crying until the tears smeared against his chest. “No it’s not. My half-brother just tried to kill you! For my father.” She pulled away from him. “What if we went away? We can leave Vegas and start fresh somewhere else.”

Jay shook his head. “Leaving will just make things worse.”

He was probably right. And the thought of never seeing her mother or friends again was unthinkable, but she didn’t want her father controlling her life anymore. But then again, he may not want anything to do with her after this. She certainly wasn’t worth the trouble of him having to constantly watch his back for the rest of his life, wondering if he was going to be attacked or killed because of her.

She pulled away from him and wrapped her arms around herself. But she couldn’t keep putting him in danger like this. “I’m sorry about all this, Jay. I’ll understand if you don’t want anything to do with me.”

“There’s nothing for you to be sorry for, princess. It’s not your fault. We can’t pick our families, right?” He placed his hand under her chin. “But I think the problem is that no one has bothered to ask you what you want. What do you want?”

She wanted nothing more than to be here with him.

“You,” she said, staring at him searchingly. “I want to be with you.”

“Then, no one is taking you away from me again.” He kissed her slowly and she clung to him, savoring his warmth, his touch.

A groan came from the floor and they pulled away from the intoxicating kiss.

“What are we going to do with him?”

Jay frowned. “I’m not worried about him. But I do think it’s time your father and I had a talk.”





Chapter Twenty-Two





Rachelle’s nerves were strung tight as she and Jay stood before her parents. Her father stood behind the sofa where her mother sat, a fierce frown furrowing his dark brows. The tension in the room was so thick, she could feel it.

“You have a lot of balls coming here tonight,” her father snapped.

Rachelle slipped her hand into Jay’s, giving him her support and letting her father know where she stood in this. She was sick with nervousness about this confrontation with her father, but there was one thing she was certain. Her father wouldn’t kill Jay in front of her or her mother.

At least she didn’t think he would.

“I’m not trying to make an enemy out of you, Provenzano,” Jay said coolly, giving her hand a gentle squeeze. “I love your daughter and I plan to be with her. I really don’t give a damn whether you approve of me or not. But it bothers Rachelle to know you’re trying to have me killed, and it’s irritating the hell out of me.”

Her father fixed Jay with a hard glare. “I didn’t send Drew after you. My son is not someone I would send to do a job like that and I wouldn’t put my daughter in harm’s way like that. But trust me, if I wanted you dead, you’d already be.”

Rachelle winced at the threat.

“That’s what you would have to do then, because when I leave here, Rachelle’s coming with me. I just thought I’d come here and face you like a man to tell you that. And if you still decide to kill me, you can face me like a man to do it.”

Her father’s lips curled and he looked as if he wanted to spit. “What makes you think I wouldn’t kill you now and be done with it.”

Rachelle had a death grip on Jay’s hand. Why was Jay provoking her father? Things were fast going from tense to deadly in a matter of minutes and she glanced at her mother for support. “Mamãe?”

“Don’t worry, sweetie. No one’s going to kill anyone tonight. Not in my home.”

The muscles in her father’s jaw clenched before he spoke again. “How do you intend to provide for my daughter? To take care of her as she needs to be? You have nothing.”

Rachelle tensed. Her father made it seem as if she was some kind of expensive doll who needed constant pampering and coddling.

“What I have or don’t have isn’t any of your business,” Jay said tightly. “I don’t intend to buy her affections.”

That cutting remark was the final straw. There was fire in her father’s eyes, and he moved from behind the sofa. Jay tensed and began to pull her behind him. The bottom dropped in her stomach, but she and her mother moved simultaneously.

Rachelle pulled away from Jay’s grasp and moved to stand in front of him as her mother jumped from the sofa and grabbed her father’s arm.

“Raffaele, you promised.”

Her father jerked out of her mother’s hold, but remained where he stood. Murder still burned bright in his eyes.

“Babbo, I can take care of myself,” Rachelle said, staring directly at her father.

He wasn’t entirely to blame for his attitudes toward her or her ability to fend for herself. She and her mother were partly to blame for that. They had indulged in his expressions of love and affection by accepting the money and gifts he had showered them with, instead of demanding what they had really wanted and valued the most from him.

His time.

“I’ve found someone that I love and who loves me despite everything,” Rachelle continued. “He’s all mine and I’m happy when I’m with him. Don’t deny me that. Not like you’ve denied my mamãe.”

Her father turned his hard glare toward her then looked over at her mother. She returned his pointed glare and shrugged.

“Raffaele, no real woman wants to come second to the man she loves, but I put up with it because I love you.”

Her father grabbed her mother’s arm and pulled her to him. “Mía bella, you know you are my one true love.”

“Yes, but I still have to share you.”

“But don’t I give you everything you need?”

Her mother sighed wearily. “Yes, but you never ask me what I wanted.”

There was a strange expression on her father’s face and for the second time in her life, Rachelle believed she was witnessing remorse from her father. She glanced at Jay, remembering how he’d asked her the very thing earlier. She would never have to worry about him taking her wants or desires for granted. He may not give her everything she wanted but he gave her what she needed the most and that was all of himself.

“My love, if you have room in your heart to love more than one woman,” her mother continued, reassuringly, “trust that your daughter has room to love you and another man.”

Her father's lips tightened. “It’s not the same thing.”

Her mother wrapped her arms around his waist and turned to face her and Jay. “Look at them. Can’t you see how much he cares for our baby?”

Her father kept his hard gaze on Jay. Both men assessed each other in tense silence. Rachelle wanted to go to her father, to give him a hug and assure him everything would be all right, but to do that would require her to leave Jay’s side and she wasn’t prepared to do that.

“Let them be,” her mother said, breaking the tense silence.

Her father continued to assess them. “If you so much as break her heart…” he began harshly.

“I never could,” Jay interrupted. “It’d be too much like breaking my own.”

Rachelle glanced up at him and found him staring down at her. Her heart filled with love for him and she was eager to start their lives together. She slipped her hand into his and gave it a squeeze.

“Let’s go home.”

****

Jay pulled Rachelle against his side and she cuddled close to him.

They sat in the back of his truck bed, taking in the early morning scents and sounds of the desert, as Rachelle chatted about this and that. He had brought her out to the desert to watch the sunrise over the mountains, and despite her non-stop chatter, there was an unfamiliar yet pleasant sense of serenity that settled in him.

After a while, Rachelle fell silent and released a soft sigh. “I’ve missed talking with you,” she murmured.

Jay grunted, a small smile tugging his lips. He hadn’t said much, but that hadn’t seemed to catch her notice and he welcomed the distraction of her words. Several days had passed since the confrontation with her father and so far he hadn’t had to watch over his shoulder for one of Raffaele Provenzano’s men to jump him. Jay had increased the security around the loft, though. He wouldn’t take any chances, not with Rachelle living with him. And not when Jay couldn’t trust Provenzano to keep Drew in line.

When Raffaele had learned of the lethal standoff between his son and daughter, he had promised an outraged Izabella that he would re-educate Drew as to what it meant to be a part of the Provenzano family. But Jay wasn’t prepared to let his guard down just yet.

He was lucky to have Rachelle in his life. Every loving, sassy, difficult inch of her. She was willing to give up her familiar and comfortable life to be with him, and he didn’t intend to take her for granted. She was all his—flaws and all—and he would do everything in his power to make sure she wanted for nothing.

“I can take care of you, Rachelle,” Jay blurted, not sure where the urge to remind her of that came from but needing to assure her. “And I’ll always do my best to make you happy.”

She tightened her arms around him and nuzzled closer. “I know you will. And I’ll always take care of you too.”

Jay thought of the way she had stood up to Drew, had kept the gun trained on her brother, all to protect him. It had scared the hell out of him to have her come between them like that. Drew could have tried for a shot at him and accidentally hit her, but she had handled herself with confidence despite the fear radiating from her. She had saved his life.

“I love you, princess,” he said gruffly.

With a soft smile, she leaned up and kissed. They stayed like that for a while, savoring the feel and taste of each other as if it were the first time. He would never get enough of this woman. There were no more secrets between them, no more uncertainty or insincerities. She knew everything about him, even the parts he much rather keep hidden away, and despite it all, she still loved him.

They pulled away, catching their breaths as they stared off at the horizon, watching the first light of dawn sneak up behind the mountains.

“Once I get everything settled at the gym,” Jay said into her hair, “we can look for a bigger place.” Soon, he would officially take ownership of the gym and would have something more steady and secure and he could move them into someplace she would be more comfortable in.

She glanced up at him. “Why? I love the loft. We’re just going to need more closet space.”

“That can be arranged, princess,” he said, silently relieved to know she was happy to make his home hers.

She slowly trailed her fingers over his arm. “You know, Jay, princesses are for little girls. I think I’m more of a queen…and you could be my king.”

His lips curved up. “And what would I have to do to be worthy of that title?”

She shrugged. “Just promise to love and cherish me for the rest of your life.”

He froze, his heart thudding in his chest at the thought of them spending forever together. He brought his hand under her chin and tilted her head up to his. “Should we make it official?”

To his surprise and delight, she tucked her lower lip between her teeth and nodded. The idea of making her his in every sense of the word filled him with such love and fierce possessiveness.

“Well, this is Vegas, baby. We could make it happen this week.”

They stared at each other for a moment, silent as the sun rose higher, filling the pale gray sky with streaks of gold. Then she gave him a dazzling smile.

“How about tonight?”

He grinned and rested his forehead against hers. “That can be arranged.”

Her eyes sparkled. “First, there’s something I’ve always wanted to ask you…”

He raised a brow in curiosity. “What?”

“Can I drive the truck?”

“Do you have your license?”

“Well, not really, but that’s a long story…”

“Then, no.”

“Well, can I at least drive us back home?”

“Nope.”

She narrowed her eyes at him. He laughed then hauled her onto his lap before giving her a quick kiss. She looped her around his neck and rested her head on his shoulder and they watched the final climb of the bright yellow sun. There was nothing and no one that could come between them. She was his now.

His love, his queen.





Epilogue





“Mr. and Mrs. Price, please follow me.”

Rachelle grabbed Jay’s hand and pulled him along as they followed the blonde hostess to the front of Royal Courts’ new event space, the Queen’s Palace. Apparently, they were the first to arrive at their table for this evening’s gala because the woman gestured to an empty round table near the stage before leaving them with a cheery, “Enjoy.”

Rachelle slid into a seat facing the stage and Jay sat beside her, fidgeting with his royal blue tie.

“Jay, would you stop frowning.” She slapped his hand away to keep him from ruining the knot she’d perfected on his silk tie. “And relax. This is a charity event. Try to look happy. Or at least like you want to be here.”

He pulled at his tie again. “You forced me to come here wearing this. Don’t expect me to be happy about it.”

“One night,” she muttered, leaning over and adjusting the tie he had shifted out of place. “Then tomorrow you can go back to wearing your plain jeans and t-shirts.”

Jay looked quite handsome in his dark suit and silk tie, which matched her deep blue sheath cocktail dress. Getting the suit fitted and tailored for him had taken a lot of cajoling and persuading, but it had been worth it. Despite his objections, the formal look actually worked for him. Now all she needed was to get him through this formal dinner. It wasn’t that he objected to the charity or the purpose for the event, he just preferred they donate the money without all the “song and dance” as he had put it.

Once she had the tie straight, she adjusted his collar then lightly stroked her fingers across the side of his neck. “I have a special treat for you later if you promise to be good tonight.”

His bright blue eyes flashed. “Fine. But tonight, I get to choose.”

She blushed. They had started exploring different positions and techniques in bed—some she liked and some she liked too much. He tended to let her get her way, but tonight she would be at his mercy. She smiled at that. Either way, she always enjoyed herself.

“Whatever you want, baby.”

Rachelle smoothed her hands over his shoulders and chest before turning to the small crowd of elegantly dressed guests making their way to the other tables around the venue. She glanced around the room, taking in the striking gold and black decor. The high, vaulted ceiling glowed with sparkling crystal chandeliers and tiny twinkling lights. Even the stage and the marble pillars around the room were dotted with tiny white pinpoints of light. It brought a dash of modern elegance to the palace-like architecture and the lighting added a touch of romance, like the stars in the desert when they would cast a soft glow over the man she loved.

The beautiful, new space was filling fast with beautifully dressed couples.

Gil’s nephew, Carlos, joined their table with his girlfriend, Judith, who looked radiant in her long, red chiffon dress. They sat across from her and Jay and she was glad to have familiar faces close by. Rachelle recognized David Carrone’s business partner who ushered a slender woman dressed in a stunning green halter dress to the executives' table not far from them. Rachelle turned away when the couple shared a lingering kiss, but not before her eyes caught the beautiful pearl engagement ring on the other woman’s hand, and Rachelle realized the woman was more than just Gabe’s date.

Her own ring was a modest, one-carat princess cut diamond. It wasn’t the kind of ring she’d envisioned getting from her future husband, but she cherished it. Before their elopement, Jay had even gotten the ring custom-made just for her, with the inscription, For My Queen, scrolled inside the band. For him, she had engraved his simple wedding band with the words that reflected all that he was to her—My Warrior, My Love.

She couldn’t believe they had actually done the whole Vegas wedding thing, something she had never imagined doing for her wedding. Once her mother had gotten past her initial dismay, she’d been happy for them and that was enough for Rachelle. Jay loved her, he made her happy, and the sex between them was still amazing. Why wouldn’t she want him?

Eventually, the fair-haired co-founder made his way to their table, and after a brief hello to Judith and Carlos, he turned to introduce himself to her and Jay. Rachelle took that moment to compliment him on their stunning new event space.

“Please, call me Gabe,” he told her. “Any be sure to speak up if you need anything. Enjoy the evening.” Not lingering, he moved to another table, greeting more guests. Rachelle soon realized his rounds were a stalling tactic. David Carrone, the host of tonight’s gala, was apparently running late.

It was almost fifteen minutes past the event’s start time when the lights finally dimmed. The crowd hushed, and a spotlight illuminated the podium on the stage. But it was Gabe who came up to officially welcome everyone. He was wrapping up his acknowledgments when a rustling among the guest announced the arrival of his partner. David Carrone created a commotion as he and a pretty black woman made their way hand in hand through the center of the room. They both appeared a bit disheveled, though the woman’s beautiful silver mermaid gown still glowed in the dim room. David led her to the executive’s table then bounded up on the stage. He waited until Gabe formally introduced him before he walked up to the podium.

“My apologies to you all for the delay,” David began. “I just got engaged and…” He cleared his throat. “Well, you know how that goes.” Adjusting his bowtie, he winked down at the woman he’d come in with and smoothed back his dark hair. His suggestive actions elicited a laugh and applause from the crowd. His new fiancée shook her head and pressed a hand to her cheek, her delight and embarrassment obvious. It had been three months since that night Rachelle had stood in front of the resort owner in nothing but a sheet. Though that night had been some time ago, Rachelle couldn’t help but share in the other woman’s embarrassment.

Once the applause died down, David went on to welcome everyone to Royal Courts’ new event space, the Queen’s Palace, and thank them for their attendance to tonight’s charity dinner. He spoke a little about the various organizations being funded tonight, many of them centering on the needs of abandoned and disadvantaged children around the country.

“Now, I know a few of us here aren’t particularly proud of our past,” David said into the speaker. “Some of those mistakes are a product of our environment or circumstances, but despite it all we didn’t let it define us or shape our future. Some, unfortunately, aren’t so lucky.” He paused for a moment. “Every year, thousands of kids are left to fend for themselves or forced into conditions no child should ever have to face. These nameless, faceless children are a product of their circumstances and other people poor decisions. These children roam the country with little or no one to speak up for them, but tonight I commend the organizations that make it possible for these children to have a voice. And tonight, I applaud all of you for accepting the responsibility of taking a small step in making a difference.”

The room broke out in another round of applause.

Rachelle reached under the table and took her husband’s hand. Jay glanced at her, squeezing her hand in return. Growing up, she had been given everything she could ever want, including her parent’s love, and yet she had wanted more. More time with them, more dinners together, more holidays with her father. She had focused solely on what she didn’t have, she had taken for granted what she already had.

Jay, on the other hand, had been trapped in a violent environment as a kid because of his mother’s poor decisions and he had been forced to do the unthinkable. She laced her fingers through his, thinking of the cigarettes burns his stepfather had left on his arms.

It was something Jay had eventually confessed to her, though it had been with some prompting. Though he preferred to keep though he preferred not to talk about his past, she was glad he was willing to open up about it when she asked. He’d had to grow up fast, and despite the pains from his youth, he still possessed a moral center that molded him into the man she’d fallen in love with. His physical strength was remarkable, but he possessed a kind of perseverance that amazed and humbled her.

And she fully intended to love him the way he should have been.

“Now I promised to keep this short and I will. But before I go, I want to leave you with some unforgettable words by the talented Ms. Maya Angelou—‘if you don’t know what you’re here to do, then just do some good.’ Thank you.” David exited the stage as a wave of thunderous applause rolled through the room.

The night progressed in a flurry of conversation, food, drinking, and ultimately dancing. David and his fiancée were one of the first to cut loose, with David twirling and dipping her at the wrong notes. They laughed and danced as if no one was watching. But Rachelle was, and she was enjoying their fun. Soon, her table had cleared as couples headed to join the co-founder and his new fiancée on the dance floor. Couples pulled each other close as the next song, Richard Marx’s “Right Here Waiting,” began to play.

It seemed apt considering Jay had gone to the restroom, leaving her at the table alone. But Rachelle had to acknowledge his wonderful display of patience all night. Though she’d certainly had livelier company, his attitude didn’t dampen her spirits. Rachelle continued to watch the dance floor, a soft smile on her lips as several of the couples dancing near focused on each other. Carlos and Judith came into view and the woman’s long, beautiful red chiffon dress twirled around them. Carlos whispered something in Judith’s ear and she laughed.

Rachelle smiled.

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Jay approaching. She glanced over at him, her smile widening as he neared. But instead of taking the seat beside her as she’d expected, he stood behind her and pulled back her chair.

“Come on. Let’s dance.”

Rachelle and stared down the hand held out to her and shook her head. She knew he didn’t really want to, and she didn’t want him embarrassing himself—or her—at such a formal affair.

Her smile turned to one of reassurance. “No, thanks, babe. We don’t have to—”

Jay cut off her protest by tugging her from her seat. He led her to the dance floor and didn’t stop until they were well in the middle of the swaying couples. Despite her resistance, Jay pulled her into his arms. He wasn’t the most skilled dancer, but he managed a slow shuffle that was easy to follow.

“You know, this will be our first dance.”

Jay pulled her close. “I know.”

Instinctively, Rachelle leaned into him, resting her head on his shoulder. Beside them, Gabe danced with his pretty date. There was something vaguely familiar about her, but the couple continued smiling and staring lovingly into each other’s eyes, and Rachelle couldn’t get a good look at her. They were obviously very much in love and as they glided past, Rachelle sighed with contentment at her own happiness.

Though her father had not been vocal about his displeasure over their hasty wedding, he hadn’t been particularly accepting either. It was just as well. The price she paid for loving Jay was at the expense of her relationship with her father. His disapproval of Jay seemed to be everlasting, and her father refused to have anything to do with her husband. Though it hurt that she didn’t talk or see her father much anymore, she was a bit grateful for the distance between them. Rachelle could no longer ignore the type of man her father was. Though she loved her father, Jay was her husband now and she chose him.

“I’m sorry, princess. I’ve been an ass all night.”

Jay’s quiet admission startled her out of her thoughts. Rachelle looked up at him with a soft smile. Sometimes she wondered if he even realized he still called her by the little nickname. He certainly didn’t seem to notice and she had grown accustom to it, knowing it came from a place of love.

“It’s okay, baby. I know these things aren’t your thing.” Rachelle tightened her hand on his shoulder. “I just wanted you to be here with me tonight.”

His eyes softened. “Then I’ll do better. Hell, if Carlos can manage to mingle with this crowd, so can I.”

“You don’t have to prove anything, Jay. I love you for trying. And I love you just the way you are.”

Rachelle rested her head on his shoulder. Though they still argued and bickered like an old married couple—a thought that made her smile—they also were learning to compromise. And it was moments like this that made her fall more in love with him.

He drew her closer and whispered in her ear, “You hear that?”

She listened to the familiar song serenading around them and nodded, a sudden warmth rushing through her. It was the same song she had wanted them to have their first dance.

“Should we make it our song?”

Rachelle slid her hands from his shoulders and wrapped them securely around his neck. “Yes, please.”

With that, her husband leaned down and kissed her slowly and they continued their slow shuffle across the dance floor as a rendition of “When a Man Loves a Woman” crooned in the background.



♦



THE END





FROM THE AUTHOR





Dear reader:



The end of the Queen Quartette series has come and I have to admit it’s a bit bittersweet since I’ve fallen in love with these characters and their stories—and I hope you have too! Some characters, however, can’t be confined to just one book so there are several spinoff standalone novels in the works, including a sequel for David and Tena (The Devil’s Bedpost), and original stories for Tristan Delgado (Blind Man’s Bluff) and Rome Acerra (Broken Ace). Sign up for my mailing list for updates on new releases!



All my best,

Lena ♥



Sign up for my mailing list here.

Check out my other books on Amazon.



Connect with me on…

Blog • Facebook • Goodreads • Twitter • Web





Enjoyed this story?





Please help others enjoy it too!



Rate or review this book at your purchasing site or favorite review site (i.e. Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Goodreads, etc.). Honest reviews are always helpful!



Recommend this book to your family, friends, reader groups, or book clubs.



Share this book with readers by spreading the word on your favorite social media site.



Thank you!





THE QUEEN QUARTETTE





In this seductive saga, the line between lust and love gets blurred as four lives collide in a riveting tale of secrets, deception, betrayal, and revenge.



Check out all four stories in this steamy series…



HIS FLOWER QUEEN (I)

Nina can’t get enough of Gabe… But Gabe’s keeping secrets.



HIS BEDPOST QUEEN (II)

Athena plays a game of deception…that David intends to win.



QUEEN OF HIS HEART (III)

Judith’s smile stole Carlos’ heart… Her betrayal tore it apart.



HIS DIAMOND QUEEN (IV)

Acts of revenge turn Rachelle and Jay from enemies to lovers…and so much more.



Sign-up to my mailing list for updates!





BONUS FEATURES



Rachelle’s Erotic Musings



“Butterflying”

It’s dark.

Shadows of lust cocoon me.

A feather soft touch between my lips

And I am suspended.

Streaks of dew on fingertips

And I am unfurling.

Warm desire flows until I have morphed into sweet lava.

Expelled from my shell,

Erupting with soft sighs,

I am flying. I am dying…



“Come to Me”

Come to me.

Come lie amid the sheets of ecstasy.

I want you to feel me. Fill me.

A tender lick. A lasting taste.

I want you to take me. Break me.

Soothe the hunger that burn between my thighs.

Thrust away the ache that breathes deep inside.

I am on fire for you.

Tangled bodies dance to the flames.

Trembling, gasping, pulsing from the heat.

Wanting. Waiting. Melting. Aching.

I want to feel you fill me.

Hot and hard.

Soft and sticky.

Sweet stimulation.

Deep penetration.

Now come to me.



“Deeper Please” (a haiku)

Sweet penetration

Hot steel pounds into wet silk.

Harder. Deeper. Please.





ABOUT THE AUTHOR





Lena Hart is a Florida native currently living in the Harlem edge of New York City. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual interracial romances with a flare of suspense and mystery. When Lena is not busy writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about Lena and her work, visit LenaHartSite.com.





