Miles & Mistletoe





Copyright © 2018 by Tiffany Patterson



All rights reserved. This book or parts thereof may not be reproduced in any form, stored in any retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any means—electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or otherwise—without prior written permission of the publisher, except as provided by United States of America copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher, at TiffanyPattersonWrites@Gmail.com.



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



A special thank you to There For You (thereforyou.melissa@gmail.com) for editing.





Chapter One

Stacia

“Another day, another flight,” I sang out loud as I opened the laptop sitting on my coffee table in the middle of my living room. I took a sip of my favorite pumpkin spiced latte from my favorite coffee shop just down the street from my apartment, before pulling out my notepad. I needed to write down my notes for the next morning’s flight.

Sometime later, as I double checked the drink and food selections that were being catered on the flight, I reached for my cell phone, which was on the sofa next to me, and for the third time within the hour I looked to see if I had any messages. Of course, there were none.

Placing my phone down, I opted to take this rare opportunity, alone in my apartment to turn the television on. As soon as I did I turned to a news special about the history of New York’s famous Thanksgiving Day Parade. Closing my laptop, I sat back against my fuchsia loveseat and propped my feet up on the glass coffee table—because it was mine and I could do what I wanted—and readied myself to learn all about the Thanksgiving Day Parade. The hosts speculated on the different floats that would line the streets the following morning as thousands and possibly millions of people stood on sidewalks in the cold weather to get a glimpse of the different celebrations and celebrities that would take part in the event.

A smile touched my lips as I remembered being six years old and my mother waking me up super early on Thanksgiving Day. She refused to tell me where we were going, just that I had to get up and get dressed or else I would miss out on a very special surprise. I loved surprises as a kid, and that got me out of bed immediately. Hours later we were standing on the sidewalk in front of Macy’s on 5th Avenue as the balloons and performances passed right in front of us. I cheered and clapped in delight, waving at the famous people whose names I didn’t know passing us by with huge smiles on our faces. That was my fondest memory of Thanksgiving.

Those thoughts prompted me to unconsciously reach for my cell phone again to see if my mother had responded to my last text message. Again, a frown crossed my lips when no messages were noted.

“Oh well,” I sighed out, as I stood while pressing the button on the remote to turn off the flat screen television. The holidays with my mother hadn’t been the same in nearly two decades. I didn’t know why I kept wishing they were. That’s the reason I’d made myself available for any and all shifts during the holiday season with my airline. Hence, why I was rising to head to bed, in order to be up the next morning for my early morning flight. Yes, even on Thanksgiving the private airline I worked as a flight attendant for was still open for business.

Three-hundred and sixty-five days a year we get you there … was part of the airline’s motto. And not for the first holiday season, I was happy for it. My job gave me an excuse to not make it home during the holidays, and though my mother had invited me, on more than one occasion, from the looks of my lack of text messages or phone calls, I wasn’t missed too much.



****

“Hey, did you bring the limes?”

I nodded and pointed to my right, nonverbally answering Aimee’s question. Aimee was the second flight attendant scheduled to work this flight. I was working the A position, which meant, I would do most of the hands-on work and she would be my backup.

“Oh good. I’m so nervous.”

I paused on setting up the pastries that were a part of the continental breakfast which was to be served to the passengers once we reached our cruising altitude. I turned with a raised eyebrow at Aimee, who was dressed in the same navy blue, form fitting dress, with the airline’s signature red and blue scarf tied around her neck. And like mine, Aimee’s makeup was immaculately done.

“What are you nervous about?” Aimee had only been with the airline a couple of years, whereas I was going into my seventh year, having started with the company when I was just twenty-one years old.

“Do you know who’s flying with us today?”

I gave her an odd look.

“You didn’t look up the charter?”

I shook my head. I rarely looked over the charter of who our passengers were before taking off. Checking to make sure their meals and anything else were in place? Yes, of course, that was part of my job. But checking names to see if they were famous? Nope. Not my thing. I’ve worked flights with enough celebrities, social media stars, entrepreneurs and the like, to not get worked up about who was entering the plane.

“Should I have?” I questioned in a bored tone, going back to setting up the breakfast to store in the galley’s small refrigerator until we were ready to serve.

Aimee sucked her teeth and sighed. “We’re taking Ian Zerlinger and some other guys to Los Angeles,” she answered with enthusiasm.

I stood and fixed my dress before pushing my curly hair over my shoulder. “Zerlinger,” I repeated, rolling the name off my tongue. “Sounds familiar.”

“Ian Zerlinger of Zerlinger Beer. Sheesh! Don’t you know anything?”

I laughed at Aimee’s dramatics. She was a beautiful twenty-five year old, who I suspected only took this job because of the proximity it would bring her to the well to do. I shrugged because if that was her deal, who was I to judge?

“I’ve heard of it,” I retorted, remembering the name. Everyone had heard of Zerlinger Beer, of course.

“Anyway, I hear he has some business meeting in—” Aimee’s gossip was cut off by a loud, deep voice at the front of the plane.

“I don’t give a damn if it’s a holiday!” the voice barked. “Get his ass on the phone and do it within the next twenty minutes. I’m on a goddamned plane, taking off for Los Angeles of all places.”

I was thrown by the demanding nature of the man’s tone. A shiver moved down my spine as I turned to Aimee who appeared just as stunned. Her silence spoke volumes. Aimee was never quiet. Ever.

Straightening out my dress and smoothing down the sides, I made sure I looked the professional and put together part of a flight attendant before stepping from behind the curtain that closed off the galley to the rest of the plane.

“Welcome, Mr.—”

He quickly held up his hand, cutting me off, not even turning in my direction. “I said wake him up. I’m not on this flight for no damn reason. He failed to show up, the least he can do is answer my damn calls!” the man charged.

I clasped my right wrist with my left hand in front of my body, sighing silently to myself. This wasn’t the first time I’d had rude and demanding passengers. In this line of work, they were a dime a dozen.

“Fine. But as soon as I fucking land, I need an answer.” And with that, he pulled the phone from his ear and hit, what I imagined to be the end call button, to end communication with whatever poor soul was on the other end of the line.

When he stood to his full height with his back to me, I could see he was tall. At least six-foot-three inches, placing him about six inches taller than my five-foot-six inches with my three inch black pumps.

“Now …” He turned in my direction.

My stomach did some kind of funny somersault. Must’ve been all of the pumpkin spice lattes I’d been drinking over the past few weeks. I loved those things. Shaking off the silliness of my thoughts, I blinked and took in what I instinctively knew was Ian Zerlinger. He was not only tall but good looking. Extremely good looking. With his perfectly shaped bald head, dark, thick eyebrows, and the equally dark, trimmed beard and full pink lips. His beauty wasn’t even detracted by the eyepatch over his left eye or the deep frown lining his mouth.

“You were saying.”

Another shiver.

I cleared my throat and pasted my professional smile on my face. “Welcome to On the Go Airlines, Mr. Zerlinger. My name is Stacia and I will be y—”

“My flight attendant. I’m aware. The rest of the passengers should be along soon. Until then …” He waved me off as if I was no more than a nuisance before taking his seat.

My face tightened as I stared at the back of his bald head. He was already on the phone making another phone call. Usually, we didn’t even allow passengers on the plane so early before take off but I guess the likes of Ian Zerlinger didn’t play by the rules.

“Please let me know if you need anything,” I stated in the most courteous and professional tone I had. I moved passed his seat and toward the front of the plane to speak with the pilot.

After speaking with the pilot about our flight plan and expected time of arrival, I glanced back at Mr. Zerlinger. His brows were furrowed as he stared down into his phone screen. Just before I decided to turn away, his head popped up and he looked directly at me. His eye narrowed a tiny bit and his frown deepened. I simply returned a smile.

“Did you need something, Mr. Zerlinger?”

He shook his head and waved me off.

Asshole.

I thought before turning to the opened door of the plane and noticing a number of men in suits approaching. This was the rest of the Zerlinger party. I greeted each of the three men and one woman as they boarded and took their seats. While most of them seemed rushed, none of them appeared to be as short tempered as Ian.

Let’s get this over with, I thought to myself as I closed the plane’s door and then adjusted the loose hanging curls I’d styled my hair in for the day. I couldn’t wait for the next five hours or so to fly by. I had made plans to volunteer in one of the homeless shelters in Los Angeles since I would be in the city for the night and it was Thanksgiving. It was one of the ways I tended to spend my holidays when I was working, and especially since being home with my family wasn’t an option.

I got the okay from the pilot that we were to begin taxiing down the runway shortly. That was when I proceeded down the aisle toward the group now seated around two of the tables.

“Ian, you know it’s going to take a lot to get him on the phone today—”

“Jamie, you already know my stance on excuses,” Mr. Zerlinger stated, abruptly cutting off the brunette, the only woman in the group of five on this flight.

“I’m aware,” she affirmed.

“Excuse me,” I interjected in my most professional of tones. “I’ve been alerted by our pilot that we will begin taxiing soon. If you all could please fasten your seatbelt. My name is—”

“We know.” Ian Zerlinger raised his hand in the air, cutting me off this time. I sighed internally, but my smile held firm.

Straightening my stance, I simply looked around at all of the passengers as they fastened their seatbelts. Of course, Zerlinger took his precious time. However, once he did I made my way to the back of the plane to take my seat for takeoff.

While most of the flight was uneventful, I was elated once we landed. Especially since I wouldn’t be working whichever flight Ian and his crew took back. I was already scheduled for another chartered flight from Los Angeles to Seattle the next morning. I can’t say I was upset at the fact that I wouldn’t have to see Ian Zerlinger again.

Good riddance.





Chapter Two

Stacia

“We really appreciate you volunteering tonight, Stacia.”

I smiled up at Ron, the homeless shelter’s director. “It’s my pleasure, honestly. Since I’m working, I’d be stuck in my hotel room watching Christmas movie reruns,” I stated and shrugged. That wasn’t the entire truth. Our company always catered some type of dinner for its flight attendants that were traveling to big cities on holidays for work. Back at the hotel there were a number of other flight attendants that had chosen to stay back and hang out with one another. I chose to volunteer. It was one of my traditions.

“Where do you want me?” I asked Ron as I looked around at the huge dining space that was only full with a handful of volunteers. There was about thirty minutes until they opened the doors for the evening.

“We could use you in the serving line for the first hour, and then helping to collect any discarded plates and cleaning up the closer we get to the end of the night.”

Rubbing my hands together, I nodded. “Sounds good. I’ll grab one of the aprons I saw in the back.”

Ron nodded and then checked his watch. His eyes enlarged for a second. “I have to go. We have some big hot shot who’ll be working with us tonight. Probably for publicity of his company or whatever, but he’s been a real pill.”

I gave him a small smile. “I can relate. Don’t let me stop you. Go ahead, I’ll find my way to the kitchen for that apron.”

“Thanks.”

As I watched Ron scurry off, I didn’t think much of it. I headed toward the swinging double doors into the kitchen. I quickly found one of the festive holiday aprons the homeless shelter offered its volunteers and donned it. Over the next few minutes there was a flurry of action as workers and volunteers aided in setting up the cafeteria-style assembly line that was to cater to thousands of people over the next few hours.

“Oops!” I yelped as I pushed through the kitchen doors with my arms full of styrofoam plates and bowls. “I’m so—” I began apologizing to the person I’d accidentally knocked into, only to pause when I made eye contact with Ian Zerlinger’s dark brown gaze. “Mr. Zerlinger,” I gasped out, shocked.

“Stacia.”

An odd sensation moved down my spine.

“Ian, we need to get pictures of you over by the food and then by the patrons as they’re eating.”

My eyes went to the woman that just approached Ian. It was the same woman who was on the flight earlier. Jamie. I think that was her name.

Ian broke off from staring at me to turn to his right, looking at the woman. He didn’t say anything, just nodded. He did give me one last look before moving past me to enter the kitchen.

I briefly glanced over my shoulder and turned back to see Ron. His eyebrows were raised.

“Ian Zerlinger is your big wig, huh?”

“Yup.” He nodded.

“Good luck.” I gave a humorless chuckle and proceeded to complete the task I’d set out to do. I put out the plates and bowls before moving farther down the assembly line and grabbing one of the large, metal spoons to scoop up the mashed potatoes and gravy that were in front of me.

“Happy Thanksgiving,” I repeated for the umpteenth time to a little brown-eyed girl with the cutest pigtail afro puffs in her hair. “Would you like some mashed potatoes, sweetie?”

Her eyes widened and she smiled. My heart melted a little when I noticed her two front missing teeth.

I placed a spoonful of mashed potatoes onto her plate. “How about some gravy?”

“Ew!” she immediately responded, shaking her head and twisting her face up in disgust.

“Bianca, just say no thank you. I’m sorry about that. She doesn’t like gravy.”

I lifted my gaze from the little girl to the woman behind her and smiled. “I can’t blame her. I’m not a big fan of gravy myself.” I winked at Bianca.

“We’re still practicing minding her manners,” the woman stated, apologetically.

“We’ll give her a break for the holiday. Would you like some mashed potatoes, ma’am?”

The woman’s eyebrows raised, and for a split second I thought I’d done something wrong.

“No one’s called me ma’am in a long time. I mean, not like …” She trailed off, her eyes cast downward. “It’s just been a while since a stranger has regarded me in such a respectful tone.”

Giving her a sympathetic smile, I leaned closer so only she could hear me. “It’s not your fault other people can’t see your worth. You keep your head up.”

She gave me a watery smile and nodded before moving down to the next part of the line. I watched the woman and her daughter. A lump formed in my throat, and instinctively, I removed my gloves and plucked my phone from my back pocket. There was a text message from my mother that read “Missing you” with a picture of the table spread. I swallowed the lump in my throat, missing her as well but refusing to type back a response. Instead, I went back to the line and continued handing out mashed potatoes and gravy.

“These people need to hurry up. Isn’t there a more efficient way to do this?” a deep male voice sounded just behind me. A disgruntled voice that I was all too familiar with, having heard it a lot on the five hour flight earlier today.

I turned my head to look over my shoulder, and out of the corner of my eyes, I saw a sour looking Ian Zerlinger, peering down at the woman named Jamie.

“This is bullshit. I could be doing much more important things with my time than handing out fucking food to these … people.” He spat the last word out as if he could barely manage to call actual human beings people.

“Asshole,” I muttered a little louder than I’d intended.

I only realized I’d spoken too loudly when I heard, “Excuse me?”

My eyes widened and I pivoted to see Ian staring at me angrily.

“N-nothing. Excuse me.” Pasting a fake smile on my face, I scurried off in the direction of the kitchen to pick up more mashed potatoes for the seemingly endless crowd. My chest ached with sadness in seeing how many people needed this type of service on a national holiday. There would be a couple thousand people who’d pass through the doors of the homeless shelter on Thanksgiving, many of them children.

I rolled my eyes and shook my head at remembering the disgust in Ian Zerlinger’s voice. The last thing these people needed on a day like this was his condemnation. I pushed those thoughts loose and proceeded to hand out smiles and mashed potatoes, every so often moving between the kitchen and the counter line to restock the food as needed. I would often catch Ian or his assistant moving around the shelter, in between tables, shaking hands with some of the local politicians and restaurant owners who were catering the night’s dinner. Ian was constantly followed by a cameraman who took every opportunity for a photo op. Why seeing him and his obvious marketing ploy bothered me, I didn’t know. But I wouldn’t let him distract me.

As the night began to wind down, I traded in my serving spoons for a bin to collect the dishes and a dish rag to wipe down the tables as needed. I smiled and began singing along to the Christmas music that played in the background, remembering old times as a young girl. Again, I found myself pulling out my phone to check for any new messages or calls. None came, as was to be expected.

After placing my phone back in the pocket of my jeans, I continued wiping down the tables and waving to people who were on their way out. The shelter was closing for the night after dinner. That made me wonder where the homeless people who lived around the city would stay for the evening. Another pang of sadness in my chest.

“Fucking do-gooders. Did they at least agree to serving Zerlinger craft beer in their restaurants?” Ian snarled, standing only a few feet away from me, in the middle of the nearly empty dining space.

I had almost completely forgotten about him. Almost.

“They haven’t given a yes or no just yet, but I’m sure your presence here tonight will go a long way in their decision.”

“It fucking better. I’ve got a ton of other shit I could be doing other than hanging around serving food to people who can’t be bothered to get off their asses and get a damn job.”

My breath damn near caught in my throat.

“Ian, I’m sure—”

“What type of parent has to bring their kid to a homeless shelter on Thanksgiving for a free meal?”

“Asshole!” I grunted while slamming the bin of dishes on the table I’d just been wiping down. I was seeing red at that point.

“Did you say something?” That snarky question had come from Jamie, who stood next to Ian. I’m sure her incredulous eyes were planted on me, but I was too transfixed on the jackass standing next to her.

“I said you’re an asshole,” I stated firmly, looking Ian Zerlinger directly in his eye. My anger grew even more when that one dark brown eye narrowed on me. “They are people, human beings, like you and me. At least, like me, I’m not even sure you are human. You have no idea what these people are going through. You think any parent wants to bring their child to a homeless shelter on Thanksgiving for a hot meal? You think anyone wants to tell their child they have no idea where they’ll be sleeping that night? But I’m sure those type of thoughts never even crossed your mind. These people are doing the best they can, and you nor I get to judge any of them. Any one of us could be in their situation. You were just lucky enough to be born with the right last name. Too bad actual human decency and a sense of empathy didn’t come with it. Jerk.” I spat that final insult at Ian before snatching the bin of dishes from the table and sauntering off toward the kitchen.

I was sure I’d regret my little outburst in the morning, but at that moment, it felt damn good to have gotten that off my chest. Damn good.



****

“Oh shit! My job,” I grumbled to myself as I was startled awake at three in the morning by my ringing phone. On instinct, I grabbed my phone and instantly the mental fog from sleep cleared my brain when I saw it was my employer calling.

“Shit!” I cursed, remembering every bit of what I’d said to Ian Zerlinger the night before. I was certain that being the douchebag he was, he’d called my employer and insisted I’d be reprimanded or fired. His type wouldn’t care that I actually wasn’t on company time when I’d told him off—just that he’d been put in his place by a peon such as myself.

“Hello,” I answered, fear peppering my voice.

“Stacia Langton, this is Doria from crew scheduling.”

“Yes?”

“I am to make you aware that your schedule has been changed. Instead of the early afternoon flight to Seattle, you will be taking the mid-morning flight to New York City.”

I frowned, confused. My eyes darted around the darkened hotel room as if somehow it could provide answers. “Wait, I’m not fired?”

“Excuse me?”

“Uh, I mean, I’ve been reassigned.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

I pushed out a heavy breath but was still confused. “How come I’m getting a call?” Usually when our flight assignments were changed, we were notified via the scheduling system that would message our phones. Rarely had I ever received an actual phone call from a live person notifying me of a flight change.

“Yes, it seems this was a special request so you’re getting a call to ensure you are directly notified of the change.”

“O-okay.” I was still confused but relieved to know that I had a job. I was so relieved, in fact, that I didn’t even take the time to ask who’d made the special request or for what reason. All I was concerned about was getting a few more hours of sleep before I had to get up and report to the airport in the morning for work. I had two more days of working before my next off day. I planned to spend my two days off, decorating my apartment for Christmas. So, naturally, as I drifted off back to sleep, thoughts of hitting up my local thrift store to rummage through their holiday decor ran through my mind.





Chapter Three

Ian

I swore I felt her even before I saw her as I entered the doors of the private jet that would carry me to New York City. I’d sent my staff ahead, on an earlier flight since I wanted this time to remain largely undisturbed. I had plans with one Stacia Langton, even if she didn’t quite know it just yet.

“Welcome to …” She paused, those copper-toned eyes widening in surprise.

I felt a small smirk cross my lips. She wasn’t expecting it.

“M-Mr. Zerlinger, welcome to—”

“I think we’re past the formalities. Please, call me Ian.”

Her perfectly arched eyebrows nearly touched her forehead. Immediately she began shaking her head. I could’ve sworn I saw a blush on the toffee-colored cheeks.

“That would not be professional of me, Mr. Zerlinger.”

“We’re beyond professionalism at this point. Given your little display last night.”

“My display?” A wrinkle appeared in between her eyebrows, demonstrating her incredulity, but it was quickly masked by a pasted, polite smile. “I apologize for my words—”

I held my hand up, stopping her forced apology. She didn’t mean it and I didn’t need to hear it. Plus, she was right. I was an asshole. It was a character trait I fully owned.

“We can skip the apologies. I didn’t request you as my flight attendant for your phony apology. I did so to make a deal.”

A frown marred her plump, rose pink colored lips. “You requested me?”

I nodded as I proceeded to unbutton my dark blue suit jacket.

“Why?”

“I just said I have a proposal for you.”

“What kind of proposal?”

The intrigue coupled with skepticism I heard in her voice called to me.

“The next month and a half is going to be extremely busy for me. I have numerous engagements, holiday parties, etcetera. According to your superiors, you have requested to pick up extra hours during this holiday season when most people are trying to get off. This leads me to believe you have extra time on your hands. Which makes you available to travel with me on each flight as well as accompany me as my date on my outings.”

Her mouth dropped slightly, confusion covering her face. “Wait, you spoke with my superiors?”

I shrugged. “Of course. I needed to do a background check to ensure you weren’t a nutcase.”

“But yesterday was Thanksgiving. How did you even ge—”

“Trust me, the CEO of your company is more than willing to take the call of one of his biggest clients, even on a major holiday. At any rate, we’ll be flying to New York today and staying for three days. I have three evening engagements that you’ll need to attend with me. I have already had my assistant begin putting together a wardrobe for you. I pegged you as five-six and a size four. Is that correct?”

“Wa-wait, what? Who said I’m going anywhere with you? Why on Earth would I want to?”

I narrowed my eye at her. I enjoyed a challenge as much as any CEO of a top performing company would. “Because, Stacia, as I’ve previously stated, your employer is very receptive to my needs. So, if for example, he were to get a call from me telling him how one of his employees was extremely disrespectful and unprofessional to me, he wouldn’t hesitate in letting that employee go. Even if that employee had an impeccable seven-year work history with his company.” I stared pointedly at her.

Her lips bunched up angrily. “Are you threatening me with my job?”

“Yes, that’s exactly what I’m doing.”

No need in lying about the obvious. I wasn’t above hard bargaining when necessary.

“Now can we get on with this or do you want to continue to pretend as if you’re offended for a while longer?” I questioned in a semi-bored tone.

“H-how do you know I wasn’t planning on taking time off to spend with family?” she questioned, placing a hand on her shapely hip. It didn’t go unnoticed the way the navy blue dress she wore clung to her curves.

“I’ve already stated, I’m well aware of the extra hours you’ve requested during this time of year. As well as the fact that you repeatedly checked your cell phone last evening, frowning each time as if you didn’t receive the call you were expecting. Both of these signs point to the fact that you are likely not planning on visiting family, or they you, over the next few weeks. Now, can we talk about tonight’s outing?” I sat down in my seat and looked up at her expectedly. I didn’t miss the expression of sadness that quickly crossed her face. Her eyelashes lowered as she presumably thought over my request.

I was growing impatient.

“Stacia, I—”

“Okay, fine. I’ll play tag along with you over the next few weeks, as long as your events don’t interfere with me doing my job. And you have to promise me that if I do this, you won’t go to my boss and tell him about my telling you off.”

A genuine smile touched my lips. That was an unfamiliar, but for some reason, welcomed feeling. The same sensation that she’d left me standing with the previous night had returned. Which was why I was sitting here, asking a damn flight attendant to be my date at some very exclusive events over the holiday season when I could’ve had my pick of any woman. This was the first woman to make me feel anything in … well, forever. But I still wasn’t anybody’s fool.

“I don’t make promises, Stacia.”

“But you will make this promise, Ian.”

I raised my right eyebrow before letting my eye scan her body from head to toe. For a brief second I caught a flash of defiance in those chocolate eyes of hers before it was gone. I took in her toffee-colored, smooth skin. The long hair that was styled in barrel curls as it rested against her shoulders. The neat way she’d wrapped the silk blue, red, and white scarf around her neck—those were the charter company’s signature colors. The form fitting navy blue dress that stopped just above her knees. Unfortunately, her legs were covered by nude stockings, not allowing me to see how smooth her legs were, but I was certain they were just as smooth as the rest of her exposed skin.

“Agreed,” I finally pushed out. “You uphold your end of this agreement and your boss will not hear anything out of me.”

She noticeably exhaled. “Good. You have yourself a date, or a number of dates, I guess.”

“Once we get in the air, I’ll tell you what is to be expected from you over the next month and a half.”

I took one last lingering look at her before proceeding to plant my gaze on the papers covering the table in front of me. I felt Stacia’s gaze linger on me for a few seconds before she strolled off toward the front of the plane. I sighed in satisfaction. For the first time in a long time I was actually looking forward to the holidays.



****

Stacia

I can’t believe I agreed to this, I thought as I stared at myself in the full-length mirror in my hotel room. I was adorned in a red, shimmery, sleeveless dress that hugged my body with ease and went all of the way to the floor. The bottom hem just grazed the floor when coupled with the black, strappy, six-inch heels I was to wear for the night. I had no idea how, but Ian had somehow given his assistant my perfect measurements because the dress fit as if it were made for only me. I ran my hand down the side of the dress, more so to calm my nerves than to smooth out any wrinkles. There were none.

I inhaled and rechecked my makeup, ensuring that the highlight I’d chosen for the evening looked good paired with the red lip and light smokey eye. I’d chosen to wear my hair in an updo because I presumed it looked more elegant, as it showed off the slope of my neck.

“Oh!” I startled when a harsh knock sounded at my door. Even before seeing, I knew it was Ian. He had a presence that you couldn’t help but be overtaken by, even with a couple of inches of hardwood separating us. “Coming!” I answered as another harsh knock at the door sounded.

Slightly breathless from quickly stepping into my heels, rechecking myself in the mirror, and hurrying to the door, I yanked it open, pausing at the sight of Ian in a black tuxedo.

I could’ve sworn I saw his eye widen in surprise? Shock? Appreciation? I couldn’t discern the look before it disappeared. He ran his thumb along his bottom lip, looking me up and down in that discerning way he often did.

“We’re late,” he stated brusquely, but at the same time extended his arm for me to take.

Instinctively, I wrapped my arm around his, stepping out into the hallway and shutting my door behind me. “I hope you’re not expecting any apologies from me. I was waiting on you to arrive at my room as you’d instructed me to do,” I retorted a little more saucily than I’d intended.

I stopped short as Ian’s steps faltered as he turned toward me, staring yet again. His gazes locked on mine for a moment before simply nodding. “Touché,” was all he said before adjusting my arm around his and continuing down the hall toward the elevator once again.

This man was an enigma to me. And, of course, that left me even a little more intrigued.

“Remember this is the Christmas Tree Lighting Gala. There will be a number of important business contacts I’ll be meeting this evening. Among the most important are Nikola Collins and his brother, Andre. Both should be here with their wives. My assistant provided you with the profiles on them, correct?”

I nodded just as the elevator doors chimed, alerting us that we’d arrived on the ground floor.

“Did you read them?”

“Of course,” I retorted, slightly offended. As soon as we’d gotten off the plane, we were greeted by Ian’s limo driver who held a pretty hefty folder out to me. Inside were the names of the various events he’d expected me to attend with him over the next few weeks, as well as the profiles of the important business contacts he was meeting with and the names of their spouses. On the drive to our hotel I was instructed to read over every profile, memorize it as much as possible, and glean from them anything I could use as conversation starters.

“Good. Your job is to not embarrass me. If you can’t do that, it’s best you just keep your mouth closed at all times.”

This time when I stopped short it was at my insistence instead of Ian’s.

“My job is a flight attendant for a private airline. My job is to ensure passenger comfort and safety while they are onboard one of our company’s planes. My job is not to be your escort, but since you’re blackmailing me I have no choice. But don’t ever confuse this with my job.”

Ian’s face darkened as he stepped closer, crowding my space. However, I wouldn’t let him intimidate me. Men like Ian Zerlinger got off on even the slightest hint of fear.

“Your snarky and quick comebacks can be construed as cute on occasion, but make no mistake, I’ll only give you so much wiggle room to put me in my place, as you seem to think that’s what you’re doing. You could lose much more than your job, Stacia.” His voice was low and calm as he made the thinly veiled threat.

Why did the gleam in his eye coupled with his nearness cause goosebumps to rise along my arms? And they weren’t a result of fear.

“Let’s go.” He moved from in front of me, and for the first time, I saw the ballroom we were entering. Despite Ian’s coldness of a few seconds ago, a warm feeling moved through me as I took in the winter wonderland theme of the gala. White Christmas trees adorned in red and gold decorations lined the walls. Crystal snowflakes hung from the ceiling, and the tables were decorated in beautiful white china and crystal ware.

“Ian!”

My date stopped, causing me to pause as well as we turned to the female voice that’d just called his name.

“What took you so long? We’ve been waiting. The Collinses arrived fifteen minutes ago.”

I felt Ian’s response even before he opened his mouth. His arm tightened around mine ever so slightly as his body stiffened. Somehow, I knew that meant his anger was rising.

“Jamie, I’m sure you must’ve forgotten who you were speaking to in all of the excitement of the gala. I’ll let it slide this time, but make sure it doesn’t happen again,” he stated coldly.

I looked from Ian’s stern profile to the brunette that’d accompanied him the day before to the homeless shelter. Her eyes widened in shock before they quickly darted in my direction, narrowing. For some reason her hostility seemed to be aimed at me as opposed to the man who’d just handed her a verbal lashing. Odd.

“I will speak with Nikola and Andre eventually. For now, my date and I will be making our rounds.” And with that, Ian started off in the opposite direction Jamie had been trying to lead him in, tugging me ever so gently as our arms were still linked.

“She seemed upset.”

“She’ll get over it.”

“I thought you wanted to speak with the Collinses,” I noted.

“I do and I will. But both men just arrived from Atlanta not long ago. I surmise neither one wants to be bombarded with business inquiries within minutes of entering the gala. I sure wouldn’t, and I’m very familiar with those who try to do so. They don’t tend to get very far with me. We’ll give the Collinses time to relax a little. Champagne?” He casually changed the conversation, offering me a glass of champagne that he’d pulled from a passing waiter.

“Thank you.” I took a sip of the bubbling drink. It went down smooth.

“How is it?”

“Delicious. I can taste the fruitiness without it being too sweet.”

“That’s our rose champagne. I thought it’d be perfect for holiday events. Glad you approve.”

“This is one of your champagnes?”

He nodded. “All of the beverages tonight are courtesy of Zerlinger Beer and Spirits.”

“Good for you.”

“No, good for the company. This is one of our busiest times of the year.”

“Hence all of the engagements you have.”

“Precisely.” He nodded. “Come, I want you to meet someone.” Instead of holding his arm out to me, he took my left hand in his right, in a much more intimate move than before. And somehow it felt natural and right.

Over the course of the next two hours, Ian introduced me to a whirlwind of people. Thankfully, I was good with names and faces and was able to keep track of just about everyone, most of whom hadn’t been in the folder I was given earlier.

“Nikola,” Ian greeted Nikola Collins, a few hours into the event.

I could tell right away Nikola was a man who owned whatever room he walked into. At approximately six foot two inches, he was just an inch shorter than Ian, though he was slightly bulkier—not bulky per se, but a larger frame than Ian’s runner’s physique.

“Zerlinger.” Nikola tilted his head, a neutral expression covering his face. Did these type of men ever smile? I’d noticed early on how Ian rarely smiled.

“I was wondering when we’d run into one another.”

“I chose to give you time to settle in. How’s your stay in New York so far?”

“It’ll be better once I’m on the plane back home.”

“Still not a fan of New York?”

“Neither of us are,” a female voice interjected.

Without even looking, Nikola’s right arm raised up, encircling the shoulders of the woman I knew to be Devyn Collins, his wife. I’d had pictures of Nikola, his wife, his brother, Andre, and Andre’s wife, Stacey, in the folder I’d been given. It didn’t go unnoticed how Nikola’s face softened in the presence of his wife. The heated gaze they shared even caused my heart rate to speed up a little bit.

“Devyn, a pleasure as always.” Ian nodded.

“Same here, Ian. Hello.” Devyn looked to me, smiling.

“Nikola and Devyn, I’d like you to meet my date, Stacia Langton,” Ian introduced.

Nikola extended his hand. “Pleasure.”

“Mr. Collins, Mrs. Collins,” I greeted, shaking both their hands.

“Please, call me Devyn.”

I smiled.

“All right, Zerlinger, I’ll give you ten minutes, then we’re calling it quits for the night,” Nikola stated.

“That’s our cue to leave so the men can talk business,” Devyn said to me, a wide smile on her face.

I looked to Ian who nodded. I followed Devyn’s lead as she sauntered a few feet away before stopping and turning to me.

“Enjoying yourself?”

“As much as possible.”

She let out a small giggle. “I know, right? The decor is beautiful, but these events always tend to be a little bit stuffy for my taste.”

“I know what you mean, though you seem to fit right in.” I’d seen Devyn schmoozing a little bit earlier with the wife of the mayor of New York City.

She shrugged. “You get used to it after a while. So how’d you and Ian meet?” she questioned, then took a sip of champagne.

“Oh. Well, uh, through a friend.”

She tilted her head, staring at me inquisitively. “Like a set up?”

“Yes, sort of. How about you and Nikola?” I quickly asked.

“At work.”

“You worked together?”

“Not quite. I was his brother’s assistant at their company.”

I nodded. “Talk about mixing business with pleasure.” I almost slapped my hand over my mouth, silently cursing myself for my somewhat bold statement. However, I was relieved when Devyn simply giggled.

“You don’t know the half of it.”

I relaxed a little more as Devyn and I talked. She seemed personable and was easy to get along with. My heart squeezed when she pulled out her phone to show me pictures of her and Nikola’s adorable children. They’d had a set of twins, and a little girl a year after the twins. The oldest were barely three years old.

“They’re so precious.”

“They keep us on our toes.”

My head perked up as Nikola’s deep voice chimed into the conversation. I swore I saw stars in the man’s eyes as he peered down into Devyn’s phone screen, gazing adoringly at his three children. The look didn’t change one bit as he raised his eyes, meeting his wife’s.

“We’re leaving. Pleasure to meet you, Ms. Langton. Zerlinger.” Nikola nodded at Ian and I.

“Nice talking with you, Stacia. Enjoy your stay in New York,” Devyn tossed over her shoulder as her husband practically dragged her toward the door.

“He was anxious to get out of here. Talk didn’t go well?” I questioned Ian.

“Went very well. He just despises these things almost as much as I do.”

I looked at Ian who was staring ahead. His perfectly square jaw was outlined by the neatly trimmed hairs of his beard. “Dance with me,” I blurted out before even thinking.

Ian turned to me. “What?”

“Nat King Cole’s ‘The Christmas Song’ is playing. It’s a universal rule that whenever this song is playing, you can’t sit it out.” I didn’t know what’d come over me. Probably the nostalgia of the holiday season. I truly loved this time of year. And if I was forced to spend it with this grouch I was going to make the best of it.

To my surprise, Ian put up no argument as he guided me toward the dance floor, pausing once we were in the middle to wrap a long arm around my waist. I moved into him willingly, placing my free arm around his neck just as Nat King Cole’s deep voice began singing of chestnuts roasting on an open fire. I was impressed with the ease at which Ian took the lead and kept in step with the music.

I was doubly impressed and caught off guard when Ian stepped back and easily spun me around in a circle just as Cole sung about kids from one to ninety-two.

“You’re pretty smooth there,” I complimented.

“Took ballroom dancing as one of my electives at boarding school.”

“Really?” I questioned with a raised eyebrow.

“It was either that or swimming and I chose dancing.”

My mouth parted to ask another question but we were interrupted by the assistant to the mayor of New York City. He told Ian something in his ear.

“I need to speak with the mayor briefly.”

“Go, I’ll be all right.”

He nodded before heading off.

I walked off the dance floor and found a waiter who passed by holding a tray of eggnog with nutmeg sprinkled on top. Unable to resist a glass of eggnog, I swiped one. As soon as I took a sip I realized it was a spiked version of the traditional holiday drink. However, it went down smooth. I enjoyed this more than the champagne I’d tasted earlier.

Feeling a little out of place, I moved to where I saw a glass door opening that led to an outdoor patio space. It was quite chilly in New York this time of year and I was wearing a sleeveless dress, but I needed fresh air more than I needed to feel warm. Stepping over the door’s threshold I felt a little bit lighter as the music faded to the background and the murmurs of the people inside fell away. I inhaled deeply, looking up into the night sky. I always admired New York. For a while I’d wanted to move here once I turned eighteen. Growing up in Connecticut, it was popular among the younger crowd to move to the City once we graduated high school.

“Enjoying the scenery?”

I turned to see Ian standing only a few feet away from me. I hadn’t even heard him sneak up on me.

“The City’s beautiful this time of year.”

“So they say.”

I shook my head. “Cynical much?”

“Absolutely.”

“How can you not be overcome by the joy in the air this time of year?”

“Easily. People constantly holding their hands out will make a cynic out of anyone.”

I pushed out a puff of air. “Is that what the attitude was about at the homeless shelter yesterday? Thinking those people were just holding their hands out for a free meal.”

He shrugged. “I suppose.”

I shook my head. “Maybe you should widen the circle of people you surround yourself with then.”

He gave me a pondering look. “Perhaps I should.”

“Actual friends might do you some good.” I didn’t know much about Ian, but I could definitely tell he wasn’t the type to have close friends.

“When I was thirteen years old, the boy I’d thought was my best friend since I was five years old decided he’d had enough of our friendship. He started hanging out with a new group of friends. One day we’d gotten into a fight. His group and my group. Before I knew it a rock was thrown, landed in my left eye. Not only did I lose a friendship, I lost an eye and fifty percent of my eyesight along with it.” He stepped closer, towering over me. “In the hospital that night, all my father said to me was, friendships that don’t make you money or grant you more power are a waste of time.”

He paused, looking at me intently.

“I don’t need friends.”

I opened and closed my mouth a couple of times, not knowing how to respond to what he’d just revealed.

“Let’s go.” Ian didn’t give me much time to think before he was wrapping his arm around mine and walking us back into the gala. Guessing we were leaving, I quickly placed my now empty glass of eggnog on the tray of a passing waiter.

“Ian!”

We stopped and turned to see Jamie moving toward us hurriedly, just before we were at the ballroom’s exit.

“Where are you going? I thought we were going to talk some more to the mayor tonight. ”

I caught the way she’d said we as if she were the one who was supposed to be on Ian’s arm instead of me. She briefly cut her gaze to me before looking back to Ian and softening her gaze.

Whatever.

“Mayor’s tired and has a number of hangers-on surrounding him. We will speak more at the opera house tomorrow evening.”

“What about Andre Collins? You didn’t get a chance to speak with him.”

“I spoke with Nikola. The three of us are having lunch tomorrow, but I’m sure you were already aware of that,” Ian chastised. “We are retiring for the evening.”

“Congratulations, sir, you’re standing under the mistletoe,” a passing waiter stated to Ian.

I glanced upwards, and sure enough, Ian and I were standing right under the mistletoe that hung above the entranceway.

“So I am,” Ian stated, slowly lowering his head to stare down at me.

I was certain Ian would brush off the tradition of kissing under the mistletoe. I was wrong.

“Ian, I don’t think—”

Jamie’s words fell away as Ian’s lips came barreling toward my upturned mouth. A sharp intake of air moved through me as soon as our lips touched. A kiss that I thought would last for less than a second, seemed to go on indefinitely. But I didn’t mind. Ian’s lips were much softer than I’d suspected. And at that moment is when I realized that I had, indeed, thought about Ian Zerlinger’s lips before.

He raised his head, ending the kiss. I caught how he ran his tongue along his lower lip as if savoring the kiss. I couldn’t believe the intense desire I’d felt at that moment to grab his head and lower his mouth to mine again.

“I will see you in the morning.” His words were addressed to Jamie but his gaze was planted on me.

I let him direct me, taking me by the elbow and leading us to the elevator. He didn’t remove his hand from my elbow until we arrived at my hotel room’s door.

I fumbled a little as I attempted to pull out the keycard to my room. Somehow, I managed to find it and insert it into the door, unlocking it.

“Get some rest. We will meet tomorrow at noon for lunch in the hotel’s restaurant,” Ian stated before stepping back to move onto the elevator.

“Your father was wrong,” I blurted out, turning to him.

He halted and turned to me, forehead wrinkled, eye narrowed. His arm went out, holding the elevator door open.

“I’m sorry about what your ex friend did to you but we all need friends even if they can’t provide money or power.”

Ian raised his head, but remained silent just before nodding.

“Sleep well,” he stated, and stared at me as if waiting for me to enter my room.

“Sleep well,” I responded before entering and shutting the door behind me.





Chapter Four

Stacia

Call me crazy but I was starting to believe that Ian Zerlinger had a romantic side. It had been a little over a week since our first outing. He hadn’t been kidding when he said he had a packed schedule. The man had been from New York to D.C. to Chicago all within the last week, and there weren’t any signs of his slowing down. Which meant there weren’t any signs of me slowing down.

Though all of the travel and social engagements seemed like a bit much, when I arrived early for the flight that would take us from Chicago to Atlanta, I was surprised to see one of the tables had already been set up with my favorite spiked eggnog and the delicious holiday chocolates I’d gushed over a couple of days earlier.

I looked from the table to the cockpit. “You did this?” I asked the pilot who stood at the front of the plane.

He shrugged. “I was tipped handsomely to set it up for you.”

Smiling, I turned back to the table. I reached for the card, picked it up, and read it out loud.

“You’ve worked hard this week. Take the flight off. I won’t tell. See you soon.”

I laughed. Though I was something of an escort for Ian, I was technically still working all of these flights as well. However, ever since that first flight, Ian never traveled with a group and he’d become extremely lax about having me actually work while we were flying.

I sat down in one of the leather seats of the plane and picked up one of the chocolates that were shaped like a Christmas tree, taking a bite and finishing it off with a sip of my favorite spiked eggnog. I stopped myself from taking another chocolate, not wanting to get overly indulgent with the sweets. After all, I had another engagement that evening at the Atlanta Aquarium … with Ian of course.

A smile touched my lips as I thought about Ian. We hadn’t kissed since that night in New York, but it felt as though Ian had let his guard down a little more with each passing day. And for the record, so had I, confessing to him that it was my mother who I’d been looking for a message from on Thanksgiving Day. She’d only sent the one text. She did call a couple of days later just as we were landing in Washington D.C. to check in on me and ask me about my Christmas plans.

Family can be worse than shit friends, had been Ian’s response.

I stood from the table and cleared the eggnog and chocolates, replacing them with the spring water that Ian preferred drinking while flying, to prepare for our flight.

“I thought I said you weren’t working this flight.”

Startled, I turned a bit too quickly at the sound of Ian’s voice only to stumble forward a little. I was caught by a strong arm around my waist. Inhaling, I braced my arm against his shoulder.

“Sorry.”

“I’m not complaining,” he replied as he stared down into my face. Our lips were inches apart. His gaze lingered on my lips for another few seconds. Unfortunately, just when I thought he would kiss me, Woody, our pilot, interrupted.

“We’ll be ready to takeoff in about ten minutes.”

Clearing my throat, I took a step back and straightened out my dress. “Thank you, Woody.

“I’m going to check to make sure all of the food is stocked. I can serve it once we reach flying altitude,” I commented, readying myself to walk off. But I was stopped by Ian’s large hand around my wrist.

“I meant what I said. You’re not working this flight. We had a late engagement last night and you had to be up early this morning. You can rest on this two hour flight. We have another dinner to attend tonight.”

“Ian—”

“Sit,” he ordered.

“I’m paid to work.”

“Who’ll know if you don’t work? I won’t complain. Actually, I take that back, I will complain if you don’t sit and keep me company on this flight.”

I put my hand on my hip and angled my head to the side. “You sure do like blackmailing me.”

Shrugging, he gave a half smile. “Whatever it takes.”

I shook my head, smiling in spite of my desire to appear angry.

“How was the eggnog?” he questioned as soon as I sat down. He sat directly across from me.

“Tasty as usual.”

“It’s our first year selling spiked eggnog. So far the numbers are good. If it works, we’ll keep it as one of our seasonal offerings.”

“I think it’d do really well.”

Lifting his gaze from the paper in his hand, he gave me a lingering look.

“Can I ask you something?” I asked once we were in the air.

“If you’re ready for the answer.”

“I’ll take my chances.”

“Then fire away.”

“How come you’ve scheduled yourself for so many holiday engagements? You’ve expressed how much you don’t like this time of year, yet it seems you’ve been out and about at every holiday party in the nation so far.”

“Astute observation,” he stated after a long pause. “Simply put … work. Zerlinger Beer has struggled over the last few years due to changes in the market. Younger crowds want more personalized and diversity within their beers and spirits. This year, Zerlinger has kicked off a number of holiday flavors and spirits, as evidenced by the spiked eggnog you love so much. As the CEO, it is my job to ensure that these new endeavors are a success. That entails schmoozing with businessmen and restaurateurs around the country to get them to put our products on their menus.”

“Hm, makes sense I guess. But doesn’t it get tiring?”

“Nothing tiring about putting in a good day’s worth of work. Now I’ve got a question for you,” he responded, quickly turning the tables.

“Well, I can’t say I’m an open book but I’ll answer any question you have within reason,” I hedged.

He nodded. “Why do you wear wigs?”

I gasped and my hand flew to my head. Had my wig shifted, showing my hair?

“It’s on fine. I just wondered why you wear them.”

I swallowed, feeling embarrassed. No man had ever asked me about my hair before, at least, not so bluntly.

“It’s for work,” I answered.

Ian tilted his head to the side. “How so?”

I shrugged. “We’re supposed to appear polished and professional at all times. The wigs I wear allow me to do that, at least by our company’s standard,” I answered, wondering how he even knew I was wearing a wig. Not to toot my own horn, but after seven years of wearing wigs and weaves for work, I knew how to lay a closure down so that no one would know it wasn’t my actual hair. Now here Ian was calling me out.

“No need to feel embarrassed. I was just wondering.”

“How am I not supposed to feel embarrassed? You just called me out.”

“What does your real hair look like?” he asked as if he couldn’t care less about my feeling incredulous.

“Why?”

“I want to know what you really look like.”

Another answer that stole all of my gusto. He wanted to know more about me for whatever reason.

“It’s cut short and dyed blonde.” That was why I didn’t wear it out at work. While there was no official requirement for length of hair, we were supposed to present a certain image. Longer hair in either curls or pulled back, presented that look, or so was the message I’d gotten from my employer.

“Wear it tonight to our dinner.”

My eyebrows raised. “What?”

“Do I need to repeat myself?”

“Yes, I think you do.”

“I would like for you to wear your own hair to our dinner tonight in Atlanta.”

“And if I say no, will you threaten to complain to my boss about me?”

Ian raised an eyebrow. “Do I seem like the type that would—”

“Yes, absolutely.”

A sound I’d never heard before moved up his vocal chords and spilled out of his mouth. He was actually laughing, a hearty laugh at that. “You’re right, I am that type. But no, if you choose not to skip the wig tonight I will not complain to your employer. The choice is yours.”

“You’re actually leaving a decision up to me?”

“When have I ever …” He trailed off as I lifted an eyebrow and stared at him as if to ask if he was serious. “Touché.”

“I’ll think about it,” was the only answer I gave. Flying from city to city, and even accompanying Ian to his many events and dinner outings was one thing, but doing so while wearing my natural hair made all this seem a little more real for some reason.



****

Ian

Stunning. That was the only word that crossed my mind when Stacia emerged from behind her hotel room’s door. She was dressed in a red pants suit that was accompanied by a pair of snakeskin, six-inch heels. But to top it all off, her hair was … hers. Just as she’d explained on the plane, her natural curls were cut short and dyed blonde with just a touch of her dark brown roots showing. It looked amazing on her, and suddenly I got angry for not having ever seen her like this before.

“You’ll wear your natural hair from here on out.”

“Well hello to you, too.” She smiled.

“Hello,” I answered, holding my arm out to her. When she wrapped her arm in mine, I covered the hand she had on my arm with my hand. “Is this one of the outfits my assistant sent over?”

Stacia shook her head. “No. The dress she sent actually had a tear in it so I had to improvise. I actually had this suit packed. I could’ve chosen another dress back at my apartment, but someone insisted I stay in the hotel tonight instead of my actual place of residence.”

“Made no sense for you to go all the way to your place, and then have to make your way back here for tonight’s dinner which is right across the street.”

“It could’ve saved you money.”

I shrugged. “A hotel room for one night isn’t breaking my bank account.”

I pressed the button for the elevator and held my arm against the door when it opened, giving Stacia room to enter first. I was also able to take her in from behind. She looked absolutely ravishing.

“Tonight we’re dining with James Acosta and his wife, Rosa, correct?”

I nodded. “James is the CEO of one of the bottling companies Zerlinger works with. Given that we are looking to expand our market, we will be needing to streamline our bottling and packaging processes. We’ll be discussing whether or not we can come to an agreement on price.”

“And what if you can’t?”

“Zerlinger will have to go another route,” I answered smoothly. I doubted that would happen. James wanted our business as much as we wanted to keep his. This dinner should be nothing more than a formality and a way to come to an amicable agreement on price.

Instead of using the car service that was to chauffeur me around for my stay in Atlanta, we opted to walk the short distance to the French restaurant where we met up with James and his wife, Rosa. As I suspected, the business conversation went relatively smoothly. However, James did try to play hardball for a second. But when I swiftly informed him of the many other offers we had on the table from other bottling and packaging companies, he let his hardline go.

“That seems to have gone well,” Stacia commented as we exited the restaurant two hours after entering.

“I suppose.”

“You suppose? You two shook hands and agreed.”

“First rule of business, don’t believe shit until you get it in writing. He could have a change of heart between now and the time he arrives home. A handshake doesn’t mean diddly these days.”

“I get that, but I choose to remain optimistic. You’ll get your deal and your company will get what it needs. I’m sure of it.”

I paused just as we were about to cross the street. Encircling my hand around her elbow, I turned her to face me. “How are you so sure?”

She shrugged bashfully. “I’ve seen you work over the last week. The businessmen and women you interact with respect you. There’s an air of confidence you project without really even trying to.”

And just like that my lips were on hers for the second time. I’d wanted to do this a lot sooner but I’d held back. But I was done with all of that now. Stacia’s lips parted, giving me the opportunity to taste her fully. My hands went to her waist, pulling her to me. A small moan escaped her lips, sending chills down my spine. Just when I went to deepen the kiss, she pulled back.

“Are you doing anything else tonight?” she asked, breathless.

I shook my head.

“Can I show you around my city?”

I nodded, ready to be led wherever she wanted to go. Generally, I wasn’t this easy going, but she seemed to bring that side out in me.

“We’ll have to catch an Uber.”

“Or we can use my town car. Where’re we going?” I asked so I could inform the driver.

“Atlanta Botanical Gardens. They have the most amazing light show this time of year.”

“Then that’s where we’re headed.” The excitement in her eyes when she mentioned the gardens was enough to get me excited which wasn’t an easy feat.

Forty minutes later, thanks to Atlanta traffic, we were entering the gardens. As soon as we walked in, the shimmering blue lights lining the trees and various plants welcomed us.

“They keep the gardens open later this time of year so we can get the full view of the lights contrasting against the dark sky. I come in here at least once a week when I’m home. Twice a week if it’s during the holidays,” Stacia explained as we began strolling down one of the winding pathways in the gardens. “Want a cup of cider?” she asked.

I wrinkled my forehead in confusion for a brief moment before realizing we were approaching a cart where one of the employees of the gardens was selling warm apple cider.

Before I could even answer, Stacia was handing me a hot cup of the sweet drink.

“Mmm,” she moaned after taking a sip.

My stomach tensed at the sound and the sight of the pleasure that filled her face.

“My mother loved taking me to botanical gardens when I was young, especially when it was lit up like this.”

“Did you grow up in Atlanta?”

She shook her head. “Connecticut. We sometimes would take the train into New York. When she could afford it. Which wasn’t often. Not when I was younger anyway. Then she got married and could afford to take me more often but she got too busy.”

“How so?”

Stacia shrugged, her eyes darting to something over my shoulder. “She had my younger brother and had to be the homemaker for her husband.”

“Your stepfather?”

She rolled her eyes. “If you can call him that. Anyway, since then, I’ve always loved holiday lights and decorations. I mean, nothing compares to the tree lighting at Rockefeller Center, but—”

“I was there once.”

Stacia turned to me, eyes reflecting the lights around us. “Yeah? When?”

“I must’ve been twelve. I wasn’t at the actual lighting. More like, my father had a business dinner that he dragged my brother and I to.” I recalled sneaking looks out the hotel room’s window, trying to get glimpses of the tree. My father, naturally, was more attuned to what was happening in regards to the business at hand than to the tree outside the window. I remembered wanting nothing more than to go outside and watch the ice skaters around the tree. But that was for people who had time to sit and watch silly shit like that.

“Waste of time,” I blurted out.

Stacia’s breath hitched as I looked down at her. “No it wasn’t. I can tell by the expression on your—”

“Hey, there’s mistletoe!”

I turned to see a young boy, about ten years old, pointing to just above where Stacia and I were standing.

“Mommy, look!” he yelled, looking over his shoulder, back to the woman behind him. “They’re standing under the mistletoe.”

I glanced upwards. “So we are … again.” I peered down at Stacia, who was now biting her plump bottom lip. Before I knew it, I was running my tongue along that same lip. A tiny moan escaped her lips. Her mouth widened and I slipped my tongue inside, making contact with hers. Not for the first time, everything seemed to slow down and the world made sense in a way that it never had before. Wrapping my arm around her waist, I pulled her closer into me. The kiss never seemed to dull, but like the lights surrounding us, only seemed to pull us both in deeper with each passing second.

“Let’s leave them be,” a hushed whisper sounded.

It caused Stacia to pull back, much to my chagrin. “W-we shouldn’t do this h-here.” Her voice was so breathless and needy my cock sprang to life from just the sound of it.

“Then where should we do this?” I questioned as I lowered, whispering in ear, because we were definitely doing this. Though, it went against anything I’d been taught before, there was no way I was walking away from what was happening at that particular moment.

“My apartment isn’t too far from here.”

“Show me,” I ordered, gripping her hand in mine for her to lead the way.





Chapter Five

Stacia

Even with the Ian’s chauffeur driving us to my apartment, shortening what would’ve been a fifteen minute walk to a less than five minute car ride, it still took too much time to get back to my place. I mean, if the way in which Ian’s greedy hands were tugging and pulling at the pantsuit I wore was any indication.

“Open the door,” he growled in my ear just before biting down on my earlobe, causing me to shiver so badly the key in my hand wobbled, missing the keyhole. We were just outside of my second floor apartment and I had barely broken free of Ian’s lips long enough to find my keys at the bottom of my clutch purse. Now, his massive hands that were tightly holding onto either side of my waist were wreaking just as much havoc as his lips had been on my equilibrium.

“Give me,” he ordered, not waiting to pull the key from my hand. How he was able to find the keyhole on his first try with his head still firmly buried into the side of my neck, I’ll never know. And when he pushed both of our bodies through my apartment’s door, shutting it and pressing my back against the door, I didn’t care either.

Ian left a trail of kisses up the column of my neck to my lips, once again taking possession of them as if he were staking his claim. My arms went up, wrapping comfortably around his neck, tugging him even closer to me. My body started to feel as if it were on fire. I pulled back from Ian’s hungry mouth, needing to breathe. Again his head dipped, going to my neck.

“Where’s your bedroom?” It was a question but came out as more of a command. My nipples instantly pebbled at the sound.

“Down the hall to the left.” All remaining air escaped my lungs when Ian scooped me up and carried me in the direction of my bedroom. He practically kicked the door open, and in three steps I was being lowered to my feet right next to my bed.

Ian took a step back, bending toward the nightstand and flicking the switch on the pearl white lamp that stood on it, giving us enough light to clearly see one another. A second later, Ian’s hands were at my shoulders, pushing the sides of the coat and suit jacket I still wore down the length of my arms. I shivered when both coverings fell to the floor, and Ian’s gaze lingered on my bare shoulders and arms. He took a step back, raising his gaze to my face. My stomach muscles tightened when he dragged his tongue along his lower lip. I suddenly wanted nothing more than to feel that same tongue on my body.

Lifting my hands, I began unbuttoning the vest and top that I’d worn with the suit, letting both of them fall to the ground as well. As soon as I was topless—save for my strapless bra—Ian’s hands were on me, tugging me to his body by my waist.

“I’ve wanted to know what was underneath those clothes since the first time I saw you,” he stated harshly against my lips.

Inhaling sharply, I pulled my head back. “You were an ass the first time you saw me.”

His lips did the oddest thing at my comment … they turned upward into what could possibly be mistaken for a genuine smile. No. Not a mistake, it actually was a real smile from Ian Zerlinger. I found the pointer finger of my left hand reaching to outline that smile.

“What are you doing?” he asked, staring down at my finger.

“Memorizing your smile for the future.”

He angled his head, forehead wrinkling. “The future …” He let the words slip from those beautiful pink lips of his as if hearing them for the first time.

“When all this is over and you no longer need me to be your sta—” My words were pushed back down my throat as his mouth collided with mine. The kiss wasn’t tender or gentle. It was all-consuming.

I moaned into his mouth, lifting my head to give him better access. Hell, to give us both better access to what we wanted. Moments later, I felt myself being walked backwards, until the back of my legs hit the side of my bed.

“Let’s get the rest of these clothes out of the way.”

I sighed in relief at Ian’s words. Nothing sounded better at that moment, than completely doing away with both of our clothing. His strong, capable fingers reached around behind me and quickly undid the clasp that held my lace bra together. My breasts spilled out of the bra, nipples aching painfully with arousal. For some reason I was surprised when Ian lowered his head and circled his mouth around one of my nipples. I guess I’d assumed he’d be more of a selfish lover. But when he ran his teeth over my sensitized nipple, then licked the same spot with his tongue to soothe the ache, I knew my assumptions had been inaccurate.

“Lie down,” he ordered.

I complied, delightfully, and waited for him to undress. My mouth watered as, piece by piece, Ian revealed his well-sculpted body, likely due to hours in the gym. His flat abdomen rippled with each move he made, but they were also peppered with the same dark hair that lined his jaw. I reached up and ran my hands through the fine hairs covering his abs. I always loved hair on men. Call me strange.

Once he was stripped down to dark boxer briefs, Ian climbed onto my bed, placing himself in between my upturned knees.

“These are in the way,” he stated while reaching for the button and zipper clasp of my pants. Before I knew it, he was sliding my pants up my thighs and then down my calf muscles, effectively removing them, leaving me in nothing but my black lace panties.

Ian’s gaze dipped to my core then back up to my face. “Do you have protection?”

“Nightstand. Top drawer,” I quickly answered.

He moved like lightning, reaching for the mirrored nightstand that sat directly next to the bed we were lying on. He pulled out the box of condoms and removed one, holding it in his hand before lowering his gaze back to my core.

“You are …” He left those two words hanging, as if he was afraid to finish the sentence or couldn’t find the right words. I had no idea what he’d been about to say, but I was also hornier than I’d been in a very long time. Therefore, the desire for talking was long gone. I needed action. And lots of it.

Instinctively, I reached up, pulling Ian’s face to mine again, fervently bringing our lips to touch. The same heat that was always prevalent during our kisses was stoked to even greater levels of intensity. Our tongues danced and dueled with one another, and I found myself losing all consciousness of where I was when Ian’s hand made its way inside of my panties. He began strumming my clit, causing me to gasp as my eyes tightly shut against the pleasure he was bringing to my body. I was much closer to an orgasm than I should’ve been at that point. It’d been a while since I’d been with anyone, so I chalked up my intense arousal to that. However, when two of Ian’s long digits penetrated my core while his thumb continued playing with my distended clit, thoughts of ever having been with any other man were pushed to the background.

“Oh!” I yelped as my orgasm seized me, tossing my head back against the pillow. Digging my toes into the mattress, I rode the orgasm out until it let me catch my breath again. I opened my eyes to see Ian staring down at me, another smile touching his lips. This smile was unmistakable. It was the grin of a man who knows he’s the fucking man but had too much class to say so out loud. The smile did it all for him.

“I need to taste both sets of your lips tonight.”

I didn’t have time to respond when Ian merely pushed the seam of my panties to the side, pressed my knees farther apart, and lowered his entire body so that his mouth was able to make contact with my screaming sex. Ian was a magician. I knew it in that moment. No one without any specialized magician skills should be able to grant that type of pleasure, so soundly and so quickly. I was convinced.

I tossed my head back against the pillows, pounding on the mattress with my tightly clenched fists and murmuring words that weren’t coherent in any language, let alone English. My toes curled as my heels dug into the mattress yet again. Ian used two of his fingers to part my folds, and then ran his tongue up and down the entirety of my sex, before completely covering my clitoris. When he did all of the air flew out of my lungs, my back arched off the bed, and my thighs tightened around his head. I couldn’t possibly be having another orgasm so soon.

As soon as it formed in my head, it was like Ian could read my thoughts because his tongue moved feverishly against my body, pulling a second orgasm from me. My mouth parted on a silent scream and my entire body was flooded with the sensations of my explosion. That orgasm took a second for me to come down from, and when I did, I looked up to Ian, staring down at me with promise in his singular eye.

“Having fun?” It was a question but no answer was expected. I knew as much when he quickly lowered his lips to mine, stealing any answer I might’ve had. I tasted myself on his lips and it only made me hunger for more. Thankfully, Ian was quick to deliver when he moved to lower his briefs, breaking the kiss. My stomach squeezed at the sight of his length as he spilled out of the boxer briefs. I wasn’t granted much time, however, as Ian moved quickly, covering himself with the condom and then positioning himself between my legs.

He lowered his lips to mine and I raised my head. At the same time his tongue breached my mouth, his wide cock entered my core.

“Holy fuck!” I inadvertently cursed against his lips. Ian’s cock was stretching me more than I could ever remember being stretched before. His deep chuckle against my lips garnered another round of shivers from my body. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders, needing the weight of his body against mine to steady myself.

“So fucking tight,” he grunted against my lips once he completely pushed inside of me.

“I-Ian,” I stuttered, at a loss for anything else to say.

“Hold on, Stacia.” It was a warning and a promise, all at once.

When he began moving his hips, plummeting in and out of me, I no longer questioned what the warning was about. My mouth flapped open, but no sound came out, as he plundered my body. I raised my hips to meet his, and without much instruction on either of our parts, our bodies fell into a symbiotic rhythm. It was a dance that was as old as time, but only two people who had somehow stumbled upon finding their perfect match could perform with such accuracy.

“Ian!” I called out when he raised my leg over his shoulder, allowing himself to move inside of me even deeper. I began to gasp for air when I felt his cock making contact with the particularly sensitive nerves inside of my canal. The sacred G-spot, that very few men I’d known had been able to find. Of course, Ian not only found it on his first try but played it like a fiddle he’d known for years.

“Ian, come with me!” I yelled out, wanting to see him orgasm as well because I was nearing my third.

His response was a grunt of approval just before lowering his lips to mine. We both came with our lips smacking against one another, gasping for air and in a frenzy. I clenched Ian’s body tightly as my third orgasm washed over me. Ian held onto me just as firmly … no, even tighter as he buried his head in between my neck and shoulder.

It felt like forever coming down from that release. I was spent, sweaty, and completely satiated.

“Safe to say I was completely wrong about you being a selfish lover,” I said once I finally caught my breath.



****

Ian

“Where the hell are you going?” For the first time in my life, the sight of a woman getting out of bed and walking away from me after sex just didn’t sit well with me. That was why I’d ignored Stacia’s last comment and demanded to know where she was going.

She turned to peer at me over her right shoulder after she’d donned a short, light blue silk robe. “To get us some water. I don’t know about you but I could use something to drink after that.”

I watched her quietly as she slipped out of the door. I sat up against the dark grey headboard of her bed, finally taking the time to observe my surroundings. Her bedroom was small, the centerpiece of which was the large, queen-sized, low sitting bed I was relaxing in at the moment. She’d decorated the room in an array of silvers and greys. The two nightstands at either side of the bed were mirrored, and directly opposite the bed were four sliding glass doors to a large walk-in closet. Each of the doors were lined with mirrors, allowing me to see myself perfectly.

I’d have to keep the mirrors in mind for round two. Just as that thought came to mind, a buzzing sound started and I immediately recognized the sound of a ringing cell phone. Bending over the side of the bed, I reached for my pants that laid on the floor, fumbling for the phone in my pocket. Pulling out my cell I grunted and tossed the phone onto the nightstand, not caring to answer the caller on the other end.

“That might be important.”

I turned to face the door and was stunned to see Stacia entering holding a tray that not only held two glasses of water, but cheese, crackers, and fruit.

“I thought you were just getting water.”

She shrugged at the same time I reached for the tray so that she could easily climb back in bed.

“Figured you might be hungry, too. You didn’t eat much at dinner.”

I raised an eyebrow. “It was a business dinner.”

“So that means you can’t eat?”

“That means the focus was business not food.”

Those plump lips of her turned upwards as she shook her head. “That makes no sense.”

“You can eat in your spare time. When business is being discussed, focus on the profits and not the food.”

“Let me guess. Something your father taught you?” she asked as she slipped an orange slice into her mouth.

I leaned in, licking the corner of her mouth, tasting the drop of orange juice that’d managed to escape her lips. Somehow tasting it from her skin made the juice all the more sweeter.

“He may’ve said it once or twice,” I answered. “You plan on sharing?”

She lowered her lashes. “I guess sharing is caring, right?”

“Indeed it is.”

“Open.”

I paused, giving her a look out of the corner of my eye.

“Open,” she insisted once more.

My mouth parted and a breath later she was slipping a goat-cheese topped cracker into my mouth. I pleasantly delighted in the taste of the chive and cucumber with the saltiness of the cracker. But before Stacia could pull her arm back, I took her wrist in my hand, pulling her onto my lap.

“You’re going to make a mess on my bed!” she screeched.

I didn’t give a shit as I nuzzled my face into the back of her neck.

“I’m going to have to make you pay for calling me a selfish lover,” I growled in her ear.

“I said I was wrong about you being a selfish lover!”

Reaching down, I cupped her ass that was still covered in the silk robe. “Which means at one point you did call me selfish.”

She groaned and laid her head back against my shoulder. “Well, can you blame me? You aren’t the easiest person to get along with. And most guys that look like you, and have money and power to go along with it, are egomaniacs, making them horrible lovers.”

“What any other man is like in bed is none of my damn business.”

Something pulsed in my stomach when Stacia burst out into a fit of giggles at my comment.

“I’d expect you to say something like that,” was all she said before leaning her back against my chest. She reached for another orange slice, and instead of feeding it to herself, she reached over her shoulder, feeding it to me.

“That seems to come naturally to you. Serving others.” It was technically what she did for a living.

“I enjoy it.”

“Is that why you volunteered to do it on Thanksgiving?”

“So …” she began, turning to look at me over she shoulder, “Ian likes to talk after sex.”

I grunted and gave a humorless laugh. “Hardly. At least, not usually.” That was the unequivocal truth. Typically, nothing pleased me more than seeing a woman get dressed and prepare to leave after sex. I always kept the conversation to a minimal. I chalked up the fact that I was breaking all my own rules at this very moment to the holidays making me just a little nostalgic, or whatever.

“Now answer the question,” I insisted.

Another laugh from Stacia. “I guess so. What better day than Thanksgiving to serve others. I mean, all those freeloading parents and children and what not,” she added quite sarcastically.

Rolling my eye, I placed the back of my head against the wall just above the headboard. “You’re going to keep harping on that?”

“No. I just like pulling your chain whenever I get the chance.”

“So I see.”

Silence fell between us as she rested her head against my shoulder. My arms continued to hold firmly to her waist, keeping her on my lap. She kept feeding me crackers and fruit, and I continued to accept, because as she had astutely observed I hadn’t eaten much during dinner. My body was used to me running on sparse meals whenever I got consumed with business. However, when I did stop to eat I would realize how hungry I truly was. Stacia must’ve sensed it even before I had.

“Is it true? The story you told me about your ex-friend and how you lost your eye?”

I stopped chewing mid-bite of the cracker I’d been eating. I suddenly remembered sharing my story with Stacia. I continued chewing and swallowed.

“Yes.”

“And the part about what your father said afterwards?”

“Every word was the truth.”

“But you don’t believe that, right? What he said about friends. Do you have any friends? Are you close with anyone?”

“What he’s taught me has proven truthful more than once. Why would I not believe it?” I stated firmly.

“Because it’s not true. Who do you spend time with besides colleagues and business associates?”

“You,” I answered, nuzzling my face into her neck again.

“Before meeting me.”

“Myself.”

She sighed, sounding defeated, but I should’ve known better.

“He was wrong.”

“What about you? You have close friends? Where were they on Thanksgiving, or now, leaving you free to take all of these extra hours for work?”

There was a long pause, as if I’d struck a nerve. Unfortunately, that feeling of victory I often felt when successfully hitting the nerve of a business rival didn’t overcome me. Instead, a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach formed. The idea of Stacia feeling lonely didn’t set well with me.

“I travel so much for work, I rarely have time to see friends from back home. I’m friendly with a few co-workers. We sometimes go on vacations together.”

I nodded, something in my chest rumbling at the sadness in her tone. I already knew she wasn’t particularly close with her family.

“But you aren’t especially close with any of them?”

Another long pause.

“No, I guess not.”

I contemplated that for a while.

“Most people are full of shit anyway.”

Stacia turned to me, frowning.

I shrugged. “It’s the truth. Everyone walks around with some sort of façade.”

“Everyone?”

“Everyone,” I stated solemnly.

“I don’t think that’s true.”

“I know it is. Even you.”

Her eyes widened. “Me?”

“Especially you. On the plane you’re as cordial and gracious as they come. Taking my sour attitude in stride and even smiling in the face of rudeness—”

“Oh so you know you’re rude?”

“I’m straight to the point. Most perceive that as rude. Again, because they’d rather I wear the same façade of fake politeness as they do. I refuse to play that game.”

“How does this prove that I’m phony just because I smile and am professional while doing my job?”

“Oh, because of the way you handed me my ass that same night.”

I actually laughed at the sound of her giggles.

“You were so mean.”

“Probably. I didn’t want to be there, and not for the reasons you may think. It didn’t feel right, taking pictures with those people, especially the children, all for the furthering of my company’s name.”

Stacia fully turned to me, moving the tray of food off the bed and onto the nightstand so she could wrap her legs around my waist. “You do have a heart.”

“Don’t sound surprised,” I retorted, squeezing her ass.

“I’m not surprised you have one. Just surprised you’d actually cop to it.”

“Ouch!” she yelped when I swatted her ass.

“I don’t cop to it regularly.”

“Well, your secret’s safe with me.”

“It better be,” I murmured against her lips before kissing her once again. Stacia wrapped her arms around my shoulders and my hands went to the belt of her robe, quickly untying it.

Just when I moved to deepen the kiss, Stacia pulled back. She remained wordless for a second, just staring deeply into my gaze. I lifted a questioning eyebrow.

“Maybe I can be your friend and you mine.”

That was the last thing I expected to hear her say but the idea of it didn’t repulse me. In fact, it intrigued me.

“Friends,” I stated, rolling the word around in my mouth.

She nodded.

And yet again, I did something that completely shocked me. That seemed to be an ongoing attribute of mine, as of late.

“As long as us being friends includes me getting to watch you as my cock makes your thighs tremble and back arch as you come, then yes, we can be friends.”

Her giggle was cut off by my lips on hers.





Chapter Six

Ian

“I called you the other night.”

Lowering the cup of black coffee I’d just brought to my lips, I lifted my head to see my head of public relations staring down at me, accusingly.

“It appears I didn’t answer,” I stated coolly, dismissing Jamie and taking the intended sip of my coffee. I was just sitting down to an early morning breakfast at the hotel in Seattle where my staff and I had stayed for the night. We had another series of meetings that week up and down the West Coast. That particular night I would be attending a showing at the Seattle Museum of Art. One of the rare events that I actually wanted to attend. Plus, having Stacia as my date for another one of these gatherings made it worthwhile.

“Ian, are you listening to me?”

I blinked and realized that Jamie was now sitting across the table from me. My frown deepened at the intrusion.

“I was trying to enjoy my coffee.”

“What about the Collins deal? You’ve told me no more about it. And the Acostas, who you had dinner with four nights ago, yet failed to disclose to me what occurred in the meeting. If I am to keep on top of your PR I need to know these things.”

“I provide you with all of the information you need to know.”

“Ian, I’m sure you think you do, but—”

“I think?” I questioned angrily, staring Jamie in the eye. She was undoubtedly good at what she did, but I’d fired people far more competent than she for merely crossing a line with me.

“I’m sorry, Ian. I didn’t mean to suggest you didn’t know what you were doing. It’s just—”

“Just what?” I questioned impatiently.

“You’re making all of these changes and I don’t always know about them beforehand. Two days ago you decided not to attend the gala in Houston, which you were looking forward to attending to meet—”

“Stephen Davis.” Davis was one of the top up-and-coming specialty beer producers. A number of big names were vying to purchase his company. Zerlinger Beers was one of them. “I’m well aware of my business obligations. I’m also aware that Davis canceled his attendance at the gala citing family matters. He has canceled all of his major meetings and appearances for the same reasons. My assistant was able to get a meeting with him on my schedule after the holidays.”

“Oh,” Jamie replied, sitting back a little in her chair.

“And frankly, as my head of PR, the fact that you didn’t know about Davis’ cancellations has me concerned about your competency,” I stated sharply.

“Ian, no, that’s not it,” she insisted. “I am as competent as—”

“Good morning, friend.”

Stacia’s voice behind me instantly changed my mood. I’d left her upstairs in the room because she looked so peaceful sleeping. That and the fact that I did cherish my alone time in the mornings. Something that was appreciated by Stacia since she enjoyed sleeping in. Ever since that night in her apartment in Atlanta, nearly a week prior, we hadn’t slept apart. Though, my staff continued to book her separate hotel rooms when we traveled, she either wound up in my bed or I in hers. I couldn’t say I minded it much.

“Oh, I’m sorry, didn’t know you were working. I can come back.”

“No,” I insisted, standing up to welcome her to the table. “You’re right on time. I was just about to order breakfast. Jamie was just leaving.” I glanced over at Jamie, expectantly.

Her narrowed eyes moved from Stacia to me, softening. “Ian, we—”

“Can discuss whatever needs to be discussed later on.” The firmness in my voice left no room for argument.

Jamie rose from her chair, and I assumed she’d been about to say something. However, I wouldn’t know since I quickly dismissed her from my thoughts and moved to the other side of the table to pull the chair out for Stacia to sit.

“Thank you, friend,” she stated as I took my seat across from her.

“Would you give the friend thing a rest?” I said as I rolled my eye, but my voice was that odd teasing tone that only came out when she was around.

“What? We are friends, right?”

I shook my head and perched my elbows on the table and just stared at her. Her chocolate-colored eyes and toffee skin had a specific kind of glow that morning. My gaze rolled up to the top of her hair and I grinned inwardly at the short, dyed blond, curly locks that rested there. She’d done as I’d requested the first time I’d seen her actual hair and not covered it.

“We’re friends,” I finally answered, and when her warm smile grew tenfold at my answer I felt like I’d won the fucking lottery. A strange feeling considering I’d been born with more wealth than ninety-nine percent of the population.

“So what’s on the agenda tonight, friend?”

Shaking my head, I smirked. But just when I was about to tell her about the museum event, our waitress interrupted. I ordered Stacia the eggnog coffee the restaurant had on the menu for the holidays. I’d quickly become attuned to her penchant for all things eggnog over the previous few weeks. I also ordered french toast, eggs, and sausage for the both of us as I handed the menu back to the waitress.

“You’re getting good at my breakfast order. Keep it up and you might have a shot at a career as a flight attendant. You know, if this whole Zerlinger Beer and Spirits mogul thing doesn’t work out for you.” She giggled at her own joke, causing me to chuckle.

“That sounds nice.”

I wrinkled my forehead in confusion. “What does?”

“The sound of your laughter.”

I froze. It had been a long time since I’d laughed freely around anyone.

“I’ve been out of practice with it,” I confessed.

“See? That’s the value of friendship. What good is the ability to laugh if you don’t do it every day?”

“Every day?” I questioned on a raised eyebrow.

She nodded. “Absolutely. It’s good for reducing stress, as well.”

“I’ll take your word for it,” I answered just as our waitress brought us our breakfasts.

As we ate, I told Stacia about the night’s event at the museum. It would be showcasing a number of new and local artists.

“And you’re looking forward to meeting some business colleague or dealmaker tonight?” she questioned after swallowing a bite of french toast.

I paused, wondering how to answer, and before I realized what was happening, the truth spilled out. “No. There will be important business connections there just like every other event I attend, but this one is more personal.”

She angled her head in that adorable inquisitive way she often did. “How so?”

“I am somewhat of an admirer of art. It’s always good to support new artists.”

“So there is something you’re passionate about outside of work!”

Yes, you, my brain immediately responded as soon as the words fell from her lips. Thank God, I had the presence of mind not to say them out loud.

“Yes,” I answered, lowering my gaze and wiping my mouth with the napkin. “Art is an, uh, interest of mine.” Not the full truth but that’s as deep as I was going to get with it for the time being.

“We have a lunch scheduled for one o’clock.”

Stacia nodded. “I’m well aware. And you have meetings all morning between now and then. I will meet you in the lobby at twelve-thirty to head to lunch.”

We both stood from the table. I really needed to get going in order to make my first meeting on time. However, when Stacia moved to step away from the table, I caught her by the hand.

“What will you be doing for the next few hours?” How she spent her time when she was out of my sight had begun to consume my thoughts more and more. Not that I thought she was doing something untrustworthy, but more so wondering if she was enjoying herself.

“I’ve got a list. I’m going to try to see the Space Needle, and if there’s enough time head over to do a walking tour of Pike Place Market. I told you, I know how to keep myself occupied. It comes with the trade.” She squeezed my hand as if reassuring a needy child, or worse, a needy boyfriend.

She had told me before that being a flight attendant had taught her how to keep herself busy while on layovers. On some of our trips, she’d even told me about parts of certain cities I hadn’t been aware of.

“I’ll see you later. Enjoy your meetings.”

“These aren’t the type of meetings one usually enjoys.”

Stacia shrugged. “Try to anyway.”

I squeezed her hand before reluctantly letting it go. I swear the sentimentality of the holidays must’ve been wearing on me because as she walked away, pulling the navy blue, waist-length coat she wore tightly around her body, the urge to skip all work meetings and join her for a day of sightseeing was nearly overwhelming. Never, had a day of visiting a city’s most popular tourist attractions sounded appealing. And yet, there I was semi resentful at the fact that I had to work.

“It’ll pass,” I mumbled to myself as I turned in the opposite direction as Stacia, toward one of the hotel’s boardrooms where my first meeting was to occur.



****

Stacia

“Are you lost?”

My head jerked back and I instantly frowned at the nasty tone that had obviously been directed at me. Turning, I came face-to-face with Ian’s head of public relations. Save for the deep scowl that was aimed solely on me, Jamie looked beautiful in a dark blue gown that looked radiant against her long, thick hair. She actually reminded me a lot of Kate Middleton with her brown eyes and thick, lustrous brown locks that rested on her shoulders.

Despite her attitude, I decided to return her dour mood with kindness. Hell, Ian had basically told me I was good at faking it, but he had no idea. I had been raised to smile and put on a good front even when I wanted to cry.

“I was just looking for Ian.”

“He’s busy,” she replied shortly.

I lifted an eyebrow. “Okay, well then, I’ll busy myself by looking at some of the art—”

“You know, you aren’t needed here. This isn’t a work event for Ian, and he isn’t expected to have a date on his arm on all occasions. It’s probably best that you—”

“There you are.” Ian’s deep voice flowed like water over my skin, completely submerging me in a blanket of his warmth. Funny thing is I hadn’t even felt cold until he arrived at that moment. Now that he was there, wrapping his arm around my waist, I realized I had been freezing, not due to the actual temperature, but just lack of the specific warmth that he brought to me.

“Hey,” I responded, staring up at him.

“Thanks for keeping Stacia company, Jamie,” Ian stated, nodding in her direction before steering us away from her.

“I’m not so sure her plan was to keep me company,” I mumbled.

“What was that?” Ian lowered his head to ask.

“Nothing. Where had you gotten off to?”

“Making my donation to the museum and speaking privately with the director.”

I turned to stare at Ian as he stopped us in the middle of the museum, taking two flutes of champagne and passing one of them to me. I took a sip of the bubbly drink.

“It’s not the spiked eggnog you adore but it’ll do for now.”

I smirked. “I have some stashed back at the hotel room.”

Ian’s grin was a welcomed sight.

“Your company donated to tonight’s event?” I asked.

Ian shook his head. “Not my company. Me. I donated out of my personal account. As I explained, tonight’s exhibit is mainly comprised of new artists. Many of which are still in school or just finishing and unable to garner access to wider audiences. The event here tonight goes to help those artists either continue to fund their education or showcase their work to get their name out to the public.”

I smiled widely. Ian might not have been aware of it, but the passion he felt for the arts was evident in the way he spoke about it. Also the fact that he backed his words up with real action in the form of donating.

“How long have you been interested in art?”

His gaze raised as he glanced around, pondering the question. “Since I was young, I guess. Let me show you around.”

He took me by the hand, leading me to the far wall. Ian stopped us a few feet from a painting, while moving around me to cover the stand that gave a description of the painting along with the artist’s name. “Tell me what you see here,” he ordered.

I lifted my brows, confused. I looked from Ian’s serious face back to the painting. “Uh, I see a man and a woman who appear to be moving apart from one another as it rains in the background.”

“Keep going,” he encouraged.

“The man looks to be holding a gift as evidenced by the bow tied around the box. The artist obviously chose to paint this in some abstract form since all of the larger forms are made up of boxes or squares.”

“That’s called cubism. The artist was inspired by the early twentieth century movement that began in Europe.”

I glanced back at Ian, who I expected to be reading from the placard that he’d covered up with his hand. However, I was surprised to see he wasn’t. It was as if he’d memorized the attributes of the painting and the artist’s inspiration.

I looked from this painting to one that was a few feet from it on the same wall. “Tell me about that one,” I stated, jutting my head in the direction of the painting. I unwittingly wrapped my hand around his elbow, letting him lead us both.

“This one is based in impressionism,” he began speaking of the painting.

I listened intently as he described the inspiration for the early impressionists, and how this artist that had painted an image of the space needle, utilizing the light brush strokes of early impressionism. Ian, however, wasn’t much of a fan of that artist’s work, stating it looked like a cheap knockoff. He respected the artists and their efforts, but he also wasn’t one to bite his tongue if he didn’t like something.

I don’t know what captivated me more—the work around the museum, or Ian’s voice as he described each piece we stumbled upon. That was a lie, it was Ian’s voice. It held my rapt attention, effortlessly.

“What are you planning to do after the museum showcase?” I coyly asked Ian about an hour and a half later.

“You.”

My nipples instantly pebbled and the warmth that moved through my entire core was a clear indication that I was a willing participant in his planned activities.

“Zerlinger.”

Turning, I saw the scowling face of a man who seemed somewhat familiar but I couldn’t quite place him. I brought my gaze back to Ian who was scowling back at the man standing just about even with Ian’s six-three frame.

“Aaron, stop being rude. Ian, it’s great to see you again,” a softer, female voice interjected.

I peered directly across from me and was pleasantly surprised to see a petite woman with her hand firmly tucked into the male interloper’s elbow.

“Excuse us. I’m Patience Townsend, and this is my husband, Aaron,” the woman greeted, extending her free hand to me. The friendly smile on her chestnut-toned face made her all the more endearing than her still scowling husband.

“I’m Stacia.”

“Aaron,” Patience nudged.

“Pleasure.” Her husband nodded in my direction before turning his attention back on Ian.

My body shifted when I felt Ian’s arm around my waist, pulling me into him.

“Enjoying the holiday season?” Aaron inquired, but not in a tone one would mistake as friendly.

“About as much as you are,” Ian retorted.

What the hell was with these two? They didn’t quite appear to be adversaries but their tones weren’t that of old friends either.

“I suspected you might be here tonight, Ian. I remembered how much you enjoyed the arts,” Patience added, obviously a better conversationalist than her husband.

Ian nodded. “That I do. Wouldn’t have missed this for the world.”

“Aaron either.” Patience looked up toward her husband who finally took his eyes off Ian to stare down at her. “He loves these types of things as well, though he’s loathe to admit it.”

My eyes widened in shock when the scowl on Aaron Townsend’s face softened and his eyes seemed to shine a little as he stared at his wife.

“I suspect our Kyle’s going to be somewhat of an artist himself,” Patience turned to say to Ian. “Kyle’s our oldest son,” she told me.

I nodded in understanding. “How old is he?”

“Six and a half. The half is very important.”

I giggled. “I bet it is.”

The four of us made conversation for a little while longer. Well, Patience and I made conversation while the men interjected here and there, before we parted ways.

“She seems nice,” I said to Ian as we departed the museum.

“She is. Too nice for him,” Ian grunted.

“You weren’t exactly a barrel of sunshine in their presence either.”

“If you knew what he’d done to me, you wouldn’t be so quick to come to his defense.” Ian held the town car’s back door open for me to enter.

“I wasn’t defending him. Just pointing out that he wasn’t the only cold one. And why don’t you tell me what he did? That way I can hate him or dislike him as much as you do. That’s what friends do.”

Ian lifted an eyebrow as the driver began pulling off. “It is?”

I nodded. “Of course. If one friend hates someone, then it’s the duty of the other friend to hate the person just as much.”

“What if the person being hated is the friend, relative, or spouse of the person being hated by friend number one?”

I wrinkled my brows in confusion before shaking my head. “Then it gets complicated.” I waved his question off. “We’re not there yet, anyway. Just tell me what Aaron Townsend did to you.”

Ian sat back against the backseat and stared off into space for a little while. “He sided with my brother over me.”

I sat up, fully turning my body to face Ian. “What does that mean?”

He finally turned to look toward me, and I was surprised to see a somewhat shame-faced expression.

“A few years back, my brother and I were running Zerlinger Beer together. We had a difference of opinion on what direction the company should go in. As a result, we nearly split the company in half. Some of our business partners were made to choose sides. As an investor in Zerlinger at the time, Townsend Industries opted to support Bruce, my brother.”

I took in the information. “Ah. So, he bruised your ego?”

Ian turned to me sharply with a narrowed gaze. That expression might’ve intimidated a number of other people. And if I didn’t know him, it would’ve definitely intimidated me. However, at that moment, it merely made me burst out into a giggling fit.

“What’s so damn funny?”

“You. You’re holding a grudge for years, and yet you’ve remained the CEO of Zerlinger Beer. Your brother is nowhere to be found, at least from what I’ve seen. But your bruised ego just can’t let go.” I giggled some more and shook my head. “Men.”

A growling noise came from Ian’s mouth and that caused me to laugh even harder. That is, until I was pulled by my arms into his lap. His firm lips were soon silencing my giggles, replacing them with moans of need. I sighed against his lips.

“We’re done talking about business and my ego,” he growled.

“You won’t get any argument from me.”

As soon as the words were out of my mouth, the car door was opening and Ian was just shy of carrying me out of the car toward the entrance of the hotel we were staying in. I missed the Christmas lights that adorned the hotel’s lobby and entrance way, along with the green and white Christmas trees. I was way too caught up in anticipating the feel of Ian once we were again behind closed doors.





Chapter Seven

Ian

“Your phone’s ringing,” Stacia whispered against my lips.

We were inside of the private elevator of the hotel going up to my suite. It would only take less than a minute to get to my room, however, the thought of keeping my hands off of Stacia for even that short amount of time seemed to be too tall a task to perform. Thus, I had her pinned against the wall of the elevator, my hands firmly gripping her waist and my lips trailing down the side of her neck. That was when we were interrupted by my ringing cell phone.

I grunted before pulling back and searching for my ringing phone. My frown deepened at the sight of name of the caller.

“What, Jamie?” I snapped.

“Ian, where did you go? We still have—”

“I’m retiring for the evening. Was there something urgent you needed to discuss?”

“No, but—”

“Then we’ll talk tomorrow.” I quickly hung up on Jamie and shoved my cell back into my back pocket.

“That wasn’t polite,” Stacia admonished.

“I’m not a polite man.”

“I’ve noticed.”

Stacia pulled her head back when I went to kiss her again. I groaned in aggravation.

“I don’t think she likes me.”

I gave her a confused look.

“Jamie.”

I rolled my eye. “I don’t keep her employed to like people.” With that, any further conversation regarding Jamie or anyone else on my damn staff was over. Thankfully, the elevator buzzed and the doors parted, directly to my hotel suite for the evening. Taking Stacia by the hand, I led us both toward the suite’s master bedroom.

I was moving at nearly a frantic pace but the need to strip both of us down and be inside of Stacia was my sole motivation at that moment. Nothing else mattered. Not Jamie, not business dealings, not even the holiday party at my brother’s the following week that I was less than enthused about attending.

“Slow down. I’m not going anywhere,” Stacia stated, giggling before slapping my hands away.

Promise?

That reply hit me like a ton of bricks. For the first time in forever, I actually wanted a woman to not go anywhere. Thankfully, I didn’t have too much time to ponder it when Stacia spun around, presenting me with her back.

“Zipper,” was all she said.

My fingers moved to the top of the high-neck dress she’d worn to begin sliding the clasp of the zipper down the length of her back, revealing smooth toffee skin as I went. I separated the sides of the black dress, leaving the top half to fall down to her waist. When it did, I spun Stacia back to face me, pulling her in for another round of kisses. Her soft hands moved to my shoulders, separating the sides of my tuxedo jacket. I lowered my arms to allow her to push the jacket completely off of me.

This was one of my favorite parts of being with Stacia—the time we took to methodically undress one another. It was akin to painstakingly unraveling each tie off a beautifully wrapped Christmas present. The wrapping itself was almost gift enough. Almost. Eventually, however, the anticipation got too high and we both were in a frenzy of hands and arms, undoing buttons, clasps, and tugging at waistbands until the gift of both of us being completely exposed to one another was finally revealed.

I ran my hands up and down the sides of Stacia’s body, enjoying the feel of her bared skin in my hands.

“I was kind of mean to you earlier,” she remarked against my lips.

“How so?”

“Making fun of your little ego tantrum with Aaron Townsend.”

The sound of another man’s name while she was naked in my arms nearly caused a fury of jealousy to rise in me. However, she quickly expunged that flame when she said, “So to make it up to you …” She trailed off at the same time she went to her knees in front of me.

A much welcomed sight, I have to say.

She didn’t waste any time, as she licked and then parted her lips, engulfing the entire head of my cock in her mouth. I rolled my head back, gaze touching the ceiling at the feeling of pleasure threatening to consume me whole. My hand went to the back of Stacia’s bobbing head, holding her in place. The moans emanating from her own throat signaled that she enjoyed what she was doing just as much as I was.

“Fuck!” I grunted when she softly ran her bottom teeth along the bottom of my cock. My heart rate and breathing intensified, and my stomach muscles clenched. My orgasm was imminent. And Stacia, the little hellion, increased the pace of her head and hollowed her cheeks, increasing the suctioning around my stiffness. My fingers curled tightly in the back of her head, grasping her short curls for dear life.

I opened my mouth to tell her I was about to come but words escaped me. I attempted to pull back from her greedy mouth but she was relentless. The next thing I knew, I was coming harder than I could ever recall from a blow job, directly into Stacia’s mouth. She took every drop just like it was intended only for her.

“Mmm,” she moaned once my cock popped out of her mouth.

Goddamn.

Never had a sight had me so fucking horny. In no time my hands were wrapped around her arms, pulling her body to stand as my lips pressed into hers. I kissed her with everything I had in me and she kissed me back with the same intensity.

After laying her down on the bed, I quickly moved her to turn over on her stomach. Cursing myself, I moved away from her body to reach for the nightstand at the side of the bed. Pulling out the box of condoms I’d placed inside earlier, I removed a condom and sheathed myself in record time.

“All fours,” I ordered.

Stacia must’ve been as lacking in patience as I was at that moment, because she moved into position before the words were even fully out of my mouth. I pressed an open palm to the middle of her lower back, encouraging her to arch it, as I lined myself up with her opening.

Slowly, I melted into her, causing a sigh of relief mixed with moans from the both of us. As I sank deeper and deeper into her body it felt as if a weight had been lifted or as if I was coming home after a long time away. Either way, it felt … right.

“Ian, you … you have to m-move,” she breathlessly urged while wiggling her hips.

“You feel so fucking good,” I responded, at a loss for words. It felt torturous to the both of us to prolong what we both needed. Moving my hips back, I then thrust inside of Stacia, slamming into the backs of her thighs. Her entire body shivered and rippled. Her moans grew as I began thrusting in and out of her in rapid succession. My fingers tightly held onto the sides of her waist as if, subconsciously, I feared she would somehow get away. Stacia made sure to prove how unlikely that was when she began pushing back against me. We fell into the natural rhythm that always seemed to completely engulf us. My breathing hitched as I felt the warning tingles of my impending orgasm. I shook my head, silently warning my body that it would not have its second release of the night until the woman writhing beneath me had her first.

I reached around Stacia’s waist with my hand, finding her distended button. Making small circles against her clit with my forefinger, I continued pounding into her with my hips. Stacia’s moans grew louder and her pussy muscles began tightly gripping my cock for dear life.

“That’s it, baby. Come for me,” I grunted, encouraging her.

And come she did. Within seconds her movements stilted as the orgasm awakened all over her entire body. Only after her release did I allow my body to relax into the orgasm that I’d fought hard to keep under wraps, until right then. The gripping muscles of Stacia’s pussy, her moans, and the feel of her writhing hips beneath me, all did me in. I came and came until I was completely spent.

Tired but mindful of the woman in my bed, I wrapped my right arm around Stacia’s waist and brought her down with me as I crashed against the bed. Our breathing was the only thing that could be heard around the large bedroom for a long while.

“Merry fucking Christmas,” I breathed out after a long silence.

Stacia, who’s back was pressed against my chest as she laid on top of me, giggled. I wrapped my arms tightly around her.

“It’s not Christmas yet.”

Lifting my head, I pressed a kiss to her cheek. “It’s not? I felt like I just got my gift.”

She sighed, turning and snuggling into my body. The warmth our bodies created together was all the covering we used that night as we fell asleep.



****

“Cancel everything,” I demanded into my phone the next morning.

I heard Jamie’s gasp. “Ian, we can’t. You have—”

“I know my goddamned schedule, Jamie. Better than you do. Cancel everything. I’ve already informed my assistant I’m taking the next five days off.” It was December nineteenth.

“That only leaves time for Ben’s Christmas Eve party.”

“Which I’ll be attending. In the meantime, cancel everything else,” I stated in a clipped tone.

“So you are going to Ben’s party?”

“Didn’t I just say that I was?” I pulled the phone from my ear, staring at it as if I could peer at Jamie through it to ensure I was talking to the right person. The woman was questioning just about everything I did and I hated being questioned by anyone.

“What am I supposed to tell everyone that was expecting—”

“Make something up. Figure it out. Do your damn job. I’ll be out of touch unless it’s for emergencies between now and the twenty-fourth.” With that, I disconnected the call.

Moving back from the floor-to-ceiling window in the living room space of the hotel suite, I tossed my cell phone onto the leather taupe couch and picked up the hotel phone that rested on the desk. I was immediately connected to the hotel concierge service where I ordered breakfast for myself and the sleeping beauty in my bed.

After hanging up the phone, I moved toward the bedroom and pushed the door open. A smile hit my lips at the sight of Stacia still sleeping peacefully in the middle of the bed. Not only did she like sleeping in, she also enjoyed taking up nearly the whole bed. A fact I’d awoken to on more than one occasion with nearly her entire body resting on top of mine.

“Wake up, sleeping beauty,” I called, using the pet name I’d somehow given her.

“Mmm, let me sleep,” she groaned and tried to turn over when I began tickling her underneath her right ear. Soon her groans of annoyance turned into a fit of giggles. And before I knew it, those chocolate eyes were opening for me to see.

“I should sue you for using my ticklishness against me like this,” she stated around a yawn, covering her mouth.

I grunted. “I’ve had more frivolous lawsuits than that against me thrown out. I’ll take my chances.”

I just narrowly blocked an incoming pillow with my forearm. I tossed my head back and laughed at Stacia’s attempt to throw another pillow my way before I snatched it from her.

“What’s on the agenda today?” she questioned after finally sitting up.

“I’ve canceled all my events over the next five days.”

Stacia’s eyes widened. “Did something happen?”

You happened.

I cleared my throat. “I’ve just decided to give it a rest for the next few days. All of our seasonal brands have had a successful launch. Anything that needs to be handled for business can wait until after the holidays.”

“Oh, so you won’t be traveling for a few days?” Her voice didn’t hold quite the same energy as a moment ago. I watched her carefully as she lowered her gaze to her fidgeting hands in her lap.

“No, I won’t,” I answered.

“So then, you won’t need a date … I mean, to all your galas and museum showcases and events.”

I shook my head. “I won’t need a date for those since I won’t be attending any.”

“Then I guess—”

“Come away with me for a few days.” It was meant to be a question but it came out as an order. Whatever. Either way, she was coming with me. I didn’t take the next five days off to spend them alone. Although, that idea had never disturbed me before.

Stacia’s face went from pensive to perplexed. “Go away with you? Isn’t that what I’ve been doing?”

“Technically, but this isn’t for you to be on my arm as my date. Well, it is, but not for any outings, unless you wanted to go out. But, I mean … aw fuck!” I never got fucking tongue-tied. What the hell was wrong with me?

“Where’re we going then?”

I pushed out a breath through my nose, grateful for the question. If nothing else, it got my mind off the fact that my brain was probably short-circuiting or something.

“A place I go to when I want to get away from everything and everyone.”

“That sounds cryptic.”

I smiled. Those seemed to come much more naturally over the past few weeks.

“I-uh, might have to clear it with my job.”

“Already done.” Yes, I’d already made arrangements with Stacia’s employer to ensure she would be available to me until after the New Year. I was nothing if not thorough.

“Oh, well, in that case …”

I literally held my breath as she took her time answering. Again, what the hell was wrong with me?

“I’d love to.”

The breath I’d been holding oozed from my lungs. Relief, a sense I didn’t feel too often because I rarely feared the outcome of anything, actually cascaded through my body. It was the first time I realized that I’d been afraid that if given a choice, Stacia would opt not to spend time with me.

Her hand covered mine. “I’ll go anywhere you want.”

The biggest urge to tackle her, press her back down against the mattress, and repeat those words over and over again as I thrust in and out of her overcame me. Just as I moved to make the fantasy in my head a reality, a knock at the door sounded.

“That’s our breakfast,” I stated out loud, more as a reminder to myself than for Stacia’s benefit.

“You better go get it, then. I’m starving. And since you’re taking me to a secret location, who knows the next time I’ll have an opportunity to eat.” Stacia laughed as she flounced out of bed, completely naked, and strolled to the bathroom, shutting the door behind her.

“I’m coming!” I called out at the sound of a second knock on the door. My tone may have been a little sharp but there was an unmistakable smile on my face as I retrieved our breakfast. I’d already scheduled our flight to leave in two hours. Giving us enough time to complete breakfast, pack, and send down our belongings and possibly get in another round in the shower before heading to the airport.

“Merry Christmas to me,” I said out of nowhere as I closed the door behind the hotel employee that’d delivered our food. It was going to be a Merry Christmas that year.





Chapter Eight

Stacia

“The Berkshires?” I questioned, turning from the town car’s window to Ian who sat to my left. Ever since we’d left the hotel in Seattle, he’d refused to tell me where we were going. It was a secret that he apparently didn’t want getting out. After we landed, I was able to surmise that we were in Massachusetts. I’d been to the private airport where we’d landed on a number of work occasions. But there were a number of places in the northeast that we could get to from this location. Even when the town car picked us up at the airport, Ian remained silent as to where exactly he was taking me.

Only after more than two hours in the car did I catch the sign that made it clear we were entering the Berkshires.

“Yes.” He nodded.

I grinned and turned back out to face the snow-covered sidewalks, trees, and rooftops. The lamp poles lining the city streets were all decorated in Christmas wreaths and lights. It was a sight that made me smile like a schoolgirl in awe.

“My place is about thirty minutes outside of town.”

I looked back to Ian. “Your place?”

He nodded at the same time he squeezed my hand in his.

“How often do you come up here?”

He pushed out a breath. “Not often enough.”

I shook my head. “If I owned a place out here, you’d never get me to leave.”

“You grew up on the East Coast, and yet you’ve never been out this way?”

I shook my head. “I grew up in East Hartford. Not the worst place to live, necessarily, but we struggled. My mother could sometimes take us to New York, especially during the holiday season, but that’s because we could take the train. Getting out here would’ve been nearly impossible in her beat up Oldsmobile. You probably have no idea what an Oldsmobile even is,” I laughed.

“I’ve heard of them,” he chided with a sideways grin.

Call me crazy but I liked this side of Ian Zerlinger. The softer, joking side.

We rode in silence the rest of the way. I suspected Ian was letting me take in the sights of the neighboring towns and people dressed in their high snow boots and thick coats, bracing themselves against the winter chill. When we turned up a long, uphill driveway I knew we’d arrived at Ian’s place. Something he owned could be guarded by such a huge iron gate that only he had the access code to. However, I had no idea just how magnificent his place would be until we finally reached the top of the hill.

My eyes widened at the sight of the three story, log-cabin style home. From the outside, I couldn’t tell how many rooms it encompassed, but safe to say it was plenty.

“Is someone else staying here?” I questioned, noting that all the lights were on.

“I had my staff ready the house for our arrival. They’ve made sure it’s warm, the refrigerator is stocked, wood is piled high for the fireplace, and—”

“Anything else we could think of,” I added.

“Which includes plenty of your favorite spiked eggnog.”

I grinned widely. “Well, why didn’t you start with that?” I grabbed Ian’s awaiting hand to get out of the car. “Lead the way.”

Ian gave some final instructions to our driver before guiding us to the front door. After entering the house code, he pushed the wooden door open and stood to the side to allow me to enter first. I entered and looked up, my breath instantly catching. The house looked spectacular from the outside, from the inside it was a dream. The home technically could be described as a log cabin but this had to be the mansion-style cabin because this was no rinky dink cabin in the woods. The home was three levels, and about ten feet from the entranceway were two spiraling staircases. Of course, the inside was wooden and all the furniture was rustic in style. But it’d all been decorated beautifully with Christmas decorations, including a huge tree in the cabin’s living room space off to the left.

I turned to Ian. “Your staff decorated, too?”

“Of course.”

He said it so casually.

“They did an excellent job.”

“I only hire the best. Let me take your suitcase.”

“I can carry it,” I tried to insist, but Ian gave me a warning glare that killed any further protest right on lips. I happily handed him my suitcase and my two other bags.

“I’ll put these in our room. Make yourself comfortable.”

I watched as he easily maneuvered the stairs with my suitcase and bags as well as his own duffel.

I unbuttoned the long, white coat—which Ian had insisted on picking out for me for this trip just before we left Seattle—and hung it on the coat rack next to the door. On instinct, I followed my nose down the hall and came upon the large kitchen. There was a note just behind a plate of warm chocolate chip cookies on the black, stone countertop.

I picked up the note and smiled as I read. It was addressed to Ian, of course, and explained that the food had been left warming in the oven for his arrival. Noting the mention of hot chocolate and marshmallows in the cupboard, I placed the note down and began rooting around for the sweet treats. I quickly found the Swiss Miss hot chocolate packets and the small marshmallows, and pulled down two mugs. Next, moving to the refrigerator I pulled out the half gallon of milk and poured some into a sauce pot that I found in another one of the cupboards. Ian had told me to make myself comfortable and I did so, as I prepared two cups of hot chocolate and loaded them with the marshmallows.

Just as I was finishing up, I turned to see Ian entering the kitchen.

“Here you go.” I handed him one of the mugs of hot chocolate.

“Thank you.”

I watched as he took a tip. “That’s good.”

“Right? Swiss Miss was my favorite on cold winter nights.”

“I remember.”

Pausing from bringing the mug to my lips, I twisted my neck. “Did you tell your staff to have Swiss Miss for me?”

“You said you liked it.” He brought the mug to his lips, staring at me over the edge of it as he took another sip.

If I hadn’t been drinking the hot chocolate I could’ve easily assumed the shiver that moved through my body was a result of being cold. When Ian stared deeply into my eyes in that way he only did whenever we were alone, my body always reacted the same way.

“Thank you,” I murmured just before taking another sip.

“Thank you,” he returned.

“For what?”

“If it hadn’t of been for you, I’d be letting this place go to waste another holiday season as I continued to pack in gala after gala after another holiday party over the next four and a half days.”

“You deserved some time off.”

“You deserved some time off. I’m just selfish enough to have you spend it with me. Let me show you around before we eat. I had the staff prepare a pot roast, roasted potatoes, and sautéed green beans. All of your faves.”

“I saw it on the note that was left.” I jutted my head to the counter.

Ian nodded before taking my hand and leading us out of the kitchen. He showed me the remainder of the first floor—which included two guest bedrooms, a full and a half bathroom, the dining area, study, and a living room space, which was where the Christmas tree had been set up. The second floor held the master suite along with another guest bedroom, a media room, and an office. The third floor held two more bedrooms, another full bathroom and half bath, as well as what I deemed would be some sort of play room for children, except it wasn’t fully decorated.

“What about the basement?” I asked once Ian lead us back into the kitchen.

Ian peered at me.

“I could tell from the outside that there was a basement.”

He hesitated, and I instantly knew that whatever was in the basement was something special to him.

“You’ve brought me this far, you might as well let me see the rest.” I moved and wrapped my arms around his waist, lifting on my tiptoes to plant a kiss to the corner of his mouth. Whatever he kept in the basement I wanted to see it because I wanted to know everything about this man. For what reasons I didn’t know. Our time together was supposed to be short. Hell, it wasn’t even supposed to include all that it had.

“Friends don’t keep secrets from one another,” I encouraged.

“Fine,” he replied, pushing out a harsh breath. He turned, leaving me to follow him down the hall where he stopped at a door that we had passed on our initial tour. Unlike the first time, this time I noticed the doorknob had a padlock for a keycode on it.

Ian turned to me. “The staff isn’t allowed down here,” he explained before entering the keycode.

I heard the door unlatch and Ian turned the knob, pushing the door open. Unlike when we first entered the house, Ian didn’t step aside and allow me to enter first. He moved more cautiously down the steps, leaving me to follow. And, naturally, I did so, although I couldn’t see much. That was until Ian flicked on the light switch, illuminating the entire downstairs.

The basement was different than the previous three floors. It wasn’t decorated in a rustic, woodsy style. The basement was unfinished with its cement floors and walls. However, the walls were lined with a number of clay pots, plates, bowls, vases, and more. All varying in shapes, sizes, and colors. I found myself drawn to the brightly colored vases that sat on the middle shelf at the far right of the basement. When I finally turned to see where Ian was, I noticed he was peering at me as he stood in front of something.

“What’s that?” I questioned, moving closer to him at the center of the basement.

Slowly, Ian moved to the side, allowing me to see the well-used pottery wheel. My eyes widened as I looked from the wheel to Ian and then to the various pots and vases that surrounded us. I also noticed, for the first time, an area even farther back that held an easel and painting supplies.

“You made all of these?”

Ian looked around as if examining his own work for the first time. Or, perhaps, seeing it through the eyes of someone new, for the first time.

“Yes.”

“These are beautiful, Ian,” I stated, honestly. “Can I?” I questioned as I moved toward another wall that held a variety of bowls.

I could see the uncertainty on his face but he nodded, granting me approval to take a closer look at his works. I marveled at the various bowls and pots that were so beautifully sculpted. I peered at the different designs that had been painted in an array of colors. My favorites were the paintings that featured outdoor scenery. I completely halted any movement when I spotted a particularly large plate that was sitting upright. The plate had been painted with a breathtaking scenery of what I presumed to be a scene from a movie. It featured snow-covered pine trees as children sled down a hill from a mountain top.

“Y-you painted this?” I questioned, my eyes still captivated by the stunning detail of the painting.

“You asked me that already,” Ian’s voice retorted just behind me.

My body naturally eased backwards into his embrace as he wrapped his arms around me.

“I know but … I had to ask again. These are breathtaking, Ian.” I spun around and cupped his handsome face in between my hands. I pulled his head down until our lips fused together. “You are so talented. You said you loved art and I could tell it was a passion of yours, but I never suspected all of this.” I waved my hand out, gesturing to the works surrounding us.

“It’s not something I advertise.”

“Why not? You’re so great at it. If I had talent like yours, I’d tell the world.”

“Not if you had my father,” he mumbled before attempting to walk away.

“What was that?”

“Nothing. Are you ready to eat?” he asked, moving back toward the staircase.

“Hey,” I called, reaching for his hand.

He stopped and turned to me.

“What do you mean by that comment about your father?”

Ian sighed. “I told you what he said about friends, right?”

I nodded.

“So just imagine his response when his fourteen-year-old son tells him that he wanted to pursue a career in art.”

“I’d assume that conversation didn’t go over well.”

Ian huffed. “Damn near tried to take out my other eye.”

I gasped.

Ian smirked a little. “Not literally, but he came damn close. Either way, he quickly let me know that no son of his was going to waste his fucking life begging for handouts while waiting for his big break to come as an artist. He let me know my sole purpose in this life was to carry on the Zerlinger mantle. Along with my older brother, of course.”

The words flowed so freely from Ian—as if they didn’t hold any weight whatsoever—but I could see the line in his forehead as he talked, and the look in his eye, and the lowered tone of his voice. His father’s lack of support had taken something from Ian. Something that could never be replaced. But it hadn’t broken him.

I took one last look around the basement.

“But you still kept your passion alive.” Strangely, I felt proud of Ian for doing so in the face of such supreme opposition from the person who should’ve been encouraging him to follow his dreams.

“No wonder you’re so surly,” I stated later, as we ate our dinner in front of the fireplace.

I grinned when Ian’s fork paused halfway to his mouth. He angled his head, narrowing his gaze. My nipples pebbled beneath the sweater and lacy bra I wore.

“Surly …” He trailed off as if thinking over the adjective I’d assigned him. “I prefer straight to the point.”

I shook my head. “No. You were surly and mean. I was trying to be polite.”

“Fine. I was an ass. We’ve established that.”

I smiled, satisfied with his admission. “But now that I realize it wasn’t totally your fault, I forgive you.”

I giggled when Ian suddenly pulled me onto his lap, wrapping his arms around me. “You forgave me weeks ago.”

I sighed, but remained silent, not wanting to fully admit that he was correct. Ian was harsh upon first meeting him, but it didn’t take long to realize there was more beneath the surface with him.

“Hmmm,” I moaned, tilting my head backwards when I realized that Ian was massaging small circles into my scalp—something he often did late at night while we were in bed together. In fact, he often found one reason or another to put his fingers in my hair.

“Why do you like playing in my hair so much?” I questioned as my eyes drifted shut.

“I like it. It’s … you.”

I opened my eyes and turned to face him. “What do you mean it’s me?”

“Exactly what I said. When we first met, you were like everyone else. You plastered on a fake smile—”

“It wasn’t fake. I was doing—”

“Your job. I know. And you enjoy your job, so in that sense, yes, it was real. But it wasn’t genuine. It was the smile and presentation you gave everyone else. The same presentation you thought was acceptable given your surroundings and it was fine. For everyone else. But this …” his hand went to my hair again, stroking a few short curls, tenderly, “this is what you wear when you get a chance to just be you. It’s genuine.”

I lowered my lashes, letting his heartfelt words settle. He was right, although I’d never thought of it that way. I wore my hair, makeup, and the uniform of my job a certain way because that was what was expected. I’d been taught to cover up and smile and create a pretty picture to the outside world, even when you didn’t feel like it, at a very young age.

“I was nine when my mother met my stepdad,” I began as I leaned my head against Ian’s shoulder, snuggling into his warmth. The crackling of the fire in front of us was the only sound for a long while.

“Keep going,” he encouraged.

“My mother was young when she had me. Only nineteen. My father was her high school boyfriend. But when she told him she was pregnant, he told her it was her problem, and basically that was that. My mother made the decision to have me on her own and she struggled because of it. She worked as an administrative assistant and was just barely able to make ends meet, but we were okay … for the most part. When she received bonuses is when she would take me on trips into the city. We didn’t have much but we were close. At least, until she met her husband, William. He’s about ten years older than she is. They met at work. He’s a CFO at a major corporation in New York. From there on out, he ran the show. It no longer became okay for me to wear mismatched socks out in public, or sneakers that were old and kind of run down, or for my hair to be out of place because I’d been playing all day. We were the family of a man with power and money and had to look it. Within a year, they were married and a few months later, my mother was pregnant with my younger brother, Raymond. Once he came, my mother became consumed with all of the duties of being a stay-at-home mother, ensuring that her youngest had the best of everything. She didn’t forget about me, per se, but aside from making sure that I always well put together and went to the best schools, she neglected to check-in with me as much. You know? Just to see how I was coping with all of the changes, or normal life changes and growing up. As long as I smiled and looked okay on the outside, it was all good.”

“It’s the nature of the world we come from,” Ian said after a short while. “Look the part. Perform. Achieve. That’s what I was taught since before I can remember. Nothing else mattered but achieving and earning more power. My mother did exactly as my father wanted. Put us in the best schools, dressed us in the best of everything, and made my brother and I available to him for business meetings and lessons whenever he demanded. Theirs wasn’t a marriage so much as it was a business negotiation. She gave him what he wanted and she got to live the life she’d become accustomed to, growing up the heiress of a former luggage company. After a while it becomes difficult to differentiate between the real and the fake. That’s the real reason why I don’t have many friends. Because my father was right, as far as his world was concerned. Most of the people I came in contact with growing up would smile in your face one day and slit your throat, or have someone do it for them, the very next day if it meant they could gain something from it.”

I sighed. “It’s a terrible way to live.”

Ian grunted before pressing his lips to my forehead.

“Thank you for sharing with me, friend.”

I didn’t expect Ian to respond, so I was surprised when he replied with, “Anytime.

“I almost forgot.”

I lifted my head from his shoulder to give him a curious look. A knowing smile passed over Ian’s lips. Out of the corner of my eye I saw his right arm raise. I looked up and smiled when I saw what he held in his hand.

“We’re under the mistletoe.”

“That we are,” I agreed before leaning in and fusing my lips with Ian’s.





Chapter Nine

Stacia

We spent three and a half wonderful, blissful days at Ian’s cabin. Calling it a cabin still seemed a little ridiculous to me. Yes, it was cabin style, but it was far from roughing it by any stretch of the imagination. Anyway, while there, it seemed as if we had grown closer. Ian let me watch him as he “threw a mug” on his pottery wheel. Watching the intense expression on his face, and the strength of his hands and arms as he concentrated on forming everything just right, turned me on. While I didn’t sit on his lap and give it a try for myself like in the movie, Ghost, I was certainly primed and ready to help him wash off the clay in the shower once he’d finished.

Along with getting more acquainted with Ian’s love of art and his secret works, we spent an entire day skiing. Well, Ian spent most of the day teaching me and accompanying me on the bunny slopes as they were called, though he was far more capable and able to handle the much more intense slopes. I must say, I think I fell in love with skiing. It was definitely something I would be up for trying again. Especially, if Ian were around to help me.

And it was that last thought that made my heart sink, as I stopped at the foot of the stairs leading up to the private plane’s entrance. It was Christmas Eve and we were on our way to Dallas. Not only was that the city where Zerlinger Beers was headquartered, but it was where Ian’s brother, Bruce, lived and was hosting the business’ holiday party. But that wasn’t what had me sad as I watched Ian talking on the phone as he stood next to the town car that’d brought us to the airport.

No, my sadness was due to the fact that after tonight he’d have no more use for me. The deal we’d made, a little over a month prior, was that I would accompany him to the events he needed to attend during the holidays. There had been no discussion about seeing each other afterwards or anything like that. Nor, had I ever expected there to be … at least, not in the beginning. That was before anything real had developed between Ian and I. Since then, I’d just been living in the moment, not really thinking about what came next. I was simply enjoying getting to know Ian Zerlinger past the image he gave to the world, and letting him get to know me. Now that the holidays were almost over, the thought of that ending began to weigh on me.

“Ready to board?”

I blinked and looked up to see Ian standing only a few feet from me. When I didn’t immediately answer his gaze narrowed, as if he was trying to figure me out.

“Y-yes,” I pushed out, pasting that infamous phony smile on. No need to let my feelings be known right then, and pop the bubble of bliss we’d been living in the past few days. I already knew the holiday party at his brother’s wasn’t something Ian looked forward to. He’d shared with me the rift that’d occurred between his brother and himself, some years prior. And while Bruce had taken a major step back from the running of Zerlinger Beer, he was still a major influencer in the company and that seemed to piss Ian off for whatever reason.

“Let’s go,” he insisted, taking me by the hand and escorting me up the stairs alongside him, instead of allowing me to do my job as a flight attendant and greet him at the door. We had long since dispersed with the formality of my position of flight attendant, although technically I was working.

“Where are you going?” Ian questioned, confused.

“To make sure the drinks and the food for the flight are stocked properly.” I had tried to check beforehand, but Ian insisted that I wait for him to actually get on the plane.

“Sit down. You’re not working right now,” he ordered, as if his word was the final say.

I pushed out a heavy breath, rolling my eyes. I wanted to hate the macho, ‘tell me what to do’ persona of his but, if I were being honest, I enjoyed it.

“I need to give you something.”

That caught my attention and I finally, slowly began to sink down into the cream leather seat directly across from Ian. I watched as he pulled out a black box from the leather briefcase he always carried with him on flights, before retaking his seat.

“I had our driver pick this up from my jeweler in Boston before he retrieved us from the cabin.” He held the long box out to me and pulled the lid open.

I was so stunned by what was inside that I literally pushed back, against the back of my chair. It was a beautifully round cut tennis necklace. The necklace sparkled and shined as if it were winking at me.

“I thought this would look perfect on you tonight in the gold dress you’re wearing. Also, I wanted to give you your Christmas gift a little early.”

My eyes flew to Ian’s face. “Christmas gift?”

He cocked his head to the side. “Isn’t that what friends do for one another? Give each other gifts on the holidays?”

I swallowed and nodded, my eyes falling back to the necklace. “I-I didn’t get you anything,” I stated, lamely, suddenly feeling ashamed for not even thinking of getting him a gift.

“Yes, you have.”

I looked to him, his dark gaze to full of … something that had a name all its own. And if I hadn’t been so emotional at that moment, I would’ve ventured to say that it was a hell of a lot more than just friendship. But I was emotional and almost at a loss for words, so I merely said, “Thank you, Ian.”

That must’ve been all he expected because the smile that covered his face was enough to make my heartbeat increase. When he stood, removing the necklace from the box, and motioned for me to stand, so he could put it on me, my feet moved before my brain allowed me to register what was happening.

“I just wanted to see you in it,” he murmured, his warm breath brushing against the back of my neck, sending a shiver down my spine.

When he clasped the necklace together and ran his fingers around my neck to ensure it laid flat, goosebumps sprang up along the tops of my arms. Slowly, I turned to face him to give him the full view of me in the necklace.

“Stunning,” he stated, his voice strangled with some odd emotion. Then his lips were on mine, claiming them. Claiming me. He pulled me in close to his body and I threw my arms around his neck, never wanting this feeling to end.

“We’ll be ready to taxi the runway in five minutes,” the plane’s captain stated, interrupting us. “Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t realize—” he began, shame coating his tone.

“No, it’s fine. We need to get going,” Ian retorted, waving the captain off. He released his arm from around my waist, and waited for me to sit and put on my seatbelt before doing the same.

Usually, Ian sent emails, read over reports, or did some other form of work while we were on the plane. But this time, there wasn’t anything having to do with Zerlinger Beer in sight. Save for the spiked eggnog that had somehow found its way into the plane’s refrigerator, among the other refreshments for the flight. Instead of working, Ian and I talked about any and everything. Just as we’d done while at the cabin. It was the shortest plane ride I’d ever remembered taking. And somehow, once we landed, I knew that things would be different between Ian and I. After all, nothing good ever lasts, right?



****

Ian

“You’re fidgeting,” Stacia admonished yet again, just as we stepped out of the town car that had brought us to my brother’s palatial home, in one of the wealthiest suburbs of Dallas. “Stop that,” she stated, swatting my hands away from my bowtie.

Any other person doing that would’ve surely pissed me off, but with Stacia it made me want to toss her over my shoulder and find the nearest door to lock us behind and not come up for air for a while. That thought alone, let me know just how crazy I was over this woman, seeing as how we’d spent most of the afternoon after our flight in bed in the hotel suite I’d booked in Dallas for the night. My main home was being renovated and wasn’t ready for guests.

“There,” she said as she finished adjusting my tie, then looking up at me with a cheeky grin. The red lipstick she wore caused me to wonder what it would look like smeared all over, from my kissing her. I then wondered if it was that new lipstick women wore that didn’t smear. Ordinarily, I’d prefer the latter, but with Stacia, nothing turned me on more than the idea of her lips swollen, lipstick smeared, nostrils flaring, and cheeks flushed from our lovemaking.

“Stop staring.” She giggled, breaking me out of my trance.

“I don’t stare.”

She immediately nodded. “That’s a lie if ever I’ve heard one. Are you ready?” she questioned, looking behind her to the huge double door in which a few other guests were passing through, then back to me.

“That’s supposed to be my line.”

“Then say it so we can go in.”

I grinned before placing a kiss to the corner of her lips. She looked absolutely divine in the long, sleeveless gold silk gown, paired with the diamond necklace I’d given her on the plane. She wore it with a pair of diamond studs she already owned. As soon as I saw the earrings, I began making plans in my head to purchase her another, larger pair. The ones she wore were nice but I knew I could find a pair that was more akin to everything she’d brought into my life in such a short period of time.

“Are you ready?” I finally asked, holding out my arm for her to wrap her hand around. When she did, I proceeded to lead us to my brother’s front door. For the first time, the apprehension I felt whenever walking into my brother’s home was diminished.

“Ian.”

I heard my name as soon as I stepped over the threshold, behind Stacia. I turned my head to the right, seeing my brother’s wife, Kelly a few feet from the door. Standing right next to her, of course, was my brother. He rarely let the woman out of his sight. Most might think it was simply because of how beautiful Kelly was, with her bright blue eyes, natural blonde locks, and well put together appearance, but it was something else.

As I glanced to my left, at Stacia on my arm, I suddenly realized what it was like to not want a woman to be out of your sight.

“Hey, little brother,” Bruce greeted, walking toward Stacia and I with his wife in tow.

“We were afraid you might not show up,” Kelly stated with a beaming smile as she pulled me into a hug, one of the few people to dare do so.

“Kelly, Bruce, this is my …” I turned to look at Stacia, and for once, I was at a loss for words. Saying she was my date didn’t nearly describe all that she was to me, but calling her my girlfriend didn’t seem appropriate given that we’d never had that discussion. Calling her a friend would be the truth but not the total truth because she was so much more than that.

“This is Stacia,” I finally managed to get out. But a frown formed on my lips as soon as the sentence was out of my mouth and I watched Stacia’s smile wobble a little and her eyelashes lower, shielding her gaze from my view.

“Pleasure to meet you, Stacia. I’m Kelly, and this is my husband, Bruce, Ian’s older brother.” Kelly managed to get all of that out while pulling Stacia in for a warm hug, the same as she’d done to me. She was a natural hugger.

“Pleasure to meet you, Stacia,” Bruce greeted, shaking Stacia’s hand.

“Thank you. You both have a beautiful home.”

“Why thank you,” Kelly answered in her southern drawl. She was Dallas born through and through. “I told Bruce it was too big but he insisted. The size does come in handy when hosting events like this.”

We made small talk for a few more minutes before Kelly managed to steal Stacia away to introduce her to a few other women who had shown up. I watched as the women walked farther and farther away from us. Most notably, I watched Stacia, not wanting to take my eyes off of her.

“You watch her almost as much as I watch over Kelly.” Bruce’s words pulled me back to the fact that he was still standing there, obviously observing me.

“Keep your eyes on your wife and off of me,” I retorted, sharply. I swiped a glass of champagne from a passing waiter and took a long sip before turning back to my brother. I was surprised and annoyed to find him wearing a huge grin. For most of our lives, my brother and my relationship had been pretty contentious. We were raised not as siblings so much as adversaries. My father’s idea was that Bruce and I had to compete against one another to earn the top spot at Zerlinger Beer and Spirits. Hence, the stemming of most of our contention. However, since Bruce had met and married Kelly five years prior, he’d done almost a one-eighty, softening his exterior and even getting him to scale back his role in the company he once lived for. His wife and two children seemed to be the center of his world now, rather than running the company. It should’ve made me happy. But in that moment, it grated on my nerves like nothing else.

“Well, she’s more than just your date. Lest, you would’ve said as much. She’s not quite your girlfriend, seeing as how you didn’t say that either. So what is she to you?” Bruce asked, obviously not letting the topic die.

“She’s none of your damn business.”

At that, Bruce let out a hardy laugh and actually clapped me on the back.

I narrowed my eye on him. “Did I make a joke?”

“You might as well have. I remember saying those exact same words to you the first time you asked about Kelly.”

I inhaled and thought back to five years earlier, around the time I first remember seeing Bruce with his now-wife. I pushed out a breath when I realized he was correct. He had responded in the exact same way when I’d asked about the woman he’d brought to our company’s Christmas party. Bruce had been as possessive and tight-lipped about the woman that’d shown up on his arm that night. However, even in my inadequate understanding of relationships, I could see that something was different about whatever was going on between the two of them.

“You know, our father was wrong.”

My eye widened as I turned back to Bruce. His expression was more serious this time around. I took another sip of champagne.

“He taught us we didn’t need anything or anyone that couldn’t provide us with more power or money. That was how he lived his life, and it’s why when he died very few people had anything nice to say about him, let alone could share any loving memories of him. It was meeting Kelly that showed me life was better when you build actual relationships with others. When you learn to love and let someone love you in return.”

I gritted my teeth, hating that it was my brother saying all of this. Something in my gut was telling me it was the truth, but after more than thirty-five years of not-so-friendly sibling rivalry with Bruce, it was more than a little difficult to swallow coming from him.

“I realize I’m the last person you want to be hearing this from,” Bruce finally stated.

“So why are you telling me?” I questioned, taking the final sip of my champagne.

“Because if what you feel for this woman is anything remotely close to what I felt for my wife at the beginning of our relationship, I know you have a war going on inside of you. One you don’t have to fight.” He stepped closer, placing is arm on my shoulder, and for the first time since I could remember, I didn’t jerk away from his touch.

I stared at my brother before looking over his shoulder to Stacia who was laughing with Kelly and two other women. Something strong washed over me in that moment. I looked back to Bruce.

“For once in your life, you might be—”

“Ian, there you are,” Jamie’s anxious voice interrupted my response to Bruce.

I frowned, wondering what the hell was so urgent that she needed to interrupt the conversation so rudely for.

“My apologies, Bruce, but I must speak with Ian,” she demanded.

Bruce gave Jamie a long look before finally nodding and taking a step back. “If you need some privacy, there is a guest room down the hall, first door on the left.”

I looked at Bruce as if he’d lost his mind. I was sure whatever Jamie insisted we needed to discuss wouldn’t need to be talked about in such a private way. For some strange reason, Jamie had become more of a pest than an employee, as of late. Even once I’d informed her that I was only taking calls for emergencies during my days off before Bruce’s Christmas Eve party, she had called my office and cell phone a number of times about one thing or another. Thankfully, my assistant at the home office was able to block most of her attempts to contact me directly. The few calls she had made to my cell went directly to voicemail and I’d opted not to respond by text or email either. In all honesty, I had forgotten to respond. When spending time with Stacia alone at the cabin, it was easy to forget that a whole world existed outside of the two of us.

At that moment, Stacia looked up from the group of women she was with, directly at me. A smile creased her lips. Not the same smile she’d just given the women but a genuine one, just for me. Unfortunately, the exchange between Stacia and I was too short, due to the fact that Jamie stepped into my line of sight.

“Ian, we need to talk.”

I lowered my gaze to Jamie, gritting my teeth. “Let’s.”

I pivoted on my heels and followed the direction Bruce had given us toward the guest room. I didn’t bother to check to see if Jamie followed behind me.



****

As soon as the door closed behind her, I ripped into Jamie.

“What the hell is your problem? You have one job to do. Public relations. It’s your fucking job to make my company, and by extension me, look better to the public. I take a few days off and you’re constantly calling and up my ass, now you show up to the company Christmas party, interrupting a private conversation and demanding we talk. About what?” I screeched, causing Jamie’s eyes to widen as she took a small step back.

I took a step back as well, not intending to frighten her but she had gotten on my damn nerves. Plus, she wasn’t the woman I wanted to see at that moment. In fact, she was the woman who was obstructing my being able to see the woman I wanted to see. Therefore, Jamie needed to state whatever it was she had to say and fast.

“I just got word that we have a problem. The Collinses are threatening to pull out of the deal you made, along with our bottle maker.”

My frown deepened. She was referring to two different deals. “Says who and why?” I folded my arms across my chest.

“Apparently, Nikola Collins was informed that Zerlinger Beer has a security breach. It somehow got on the wire that Zerlinger Beer was going into business with the Collinses.”

My head jutted back in surprise. That news wasn’t supposed to be made public until the following spring.

“Who knows about this? How did they find out?”

“A reporter from the Financial Times called Andre Collins’ office requesting information on the deal. It was the same with Acosta. Said they received a call from a reporter that Zerlinger was playing hardball with the product and making them look weak.”

I shook my head, confused. “A reporter? How the hell does that type of inside information come from a reporter?”

“They had to be informed by someone.”

“Obviously,” I retorted rather sarcastically, however I didn’t care in that moment. It was starting to sound like someone was setting out to deliberately destroy my company. Or at the very least, cast Zerlinger in a negative light. “How long have you known about this?”

“A few days. It’s what I was calling you about.”

“You never said—”

“Did you listen to my last voicemail?”

“No,” I admitted.

Jamie looked at me as if to say see?

Sighing, I ran a hand through the short hairs of my trimmed beard. This wasn’t making any sense. “What does the reporter know?”

“Enough. He knew that you met with Nikola Collins a few weeks back in New York at a holiday party not long after Thanksgiving. He knows you had dinner with Zerlinger’s bottle maker just a few days after that. He knew enough of the conversations you held with Nikola regarding the buyout of his subsidiary company in Canada …” Jamie trailed off.

My jaw clenched. To be provided with that type of information, whoever had called the reporters in the first place had to be someone with intimate details of Zerlinger Beer.

“That’s not all.”

I turned back to Jamie, not wanting to hear what else she had to say, but obviously needing to.

“The reporter from FT said that the person who called them demanded to be paid, as if they were some type of tabloid. When he told her he couldn’t pay her, she said fine as long as the story made it to the public so people know who the real Ian Zerlinger was.”

“Her?” I questioned.

Jamie swallowed and nodded slowly. Apparently it was a woman who called with the anonymous tips.

My mind raced, thinking of any disgruntled female employees who could be behind this. None were coming to mind.

“Ian,” Jamie called.

I thought about the administrative assistant I had fired about six months ago for incompetence. She had been caught spending too much time on social media while she was supposed to be working. But that didn’t make sense. She wasn’t high up enough within the company to know about the deals Jamie was referring to. Plus, she had been dismissed before these deals had even taken place.

“Ian,” Jamie called again.

No, it wasn’t Shelly or Suzanne, or Sharon, I couldn’t recall her name.

“Ian!”

“What?” I responded louder than intended.

“Wh-what about …” She trailed off.

“Spit it out, we don’t have all damn night,” I pressed, feeling impatient and pissed off to even have to think about this bullshit the night before Christmas.

“Stacia,” she suddenly said.

My head lunged backwards and I grew angry at the mere accusation. “Have you lost your—”

“She was there,” Jamie blurted out. “Think about it. The gala in New York, she was your date when you met up with Nikola Collins. The next night you went to dinner with the owner of the bottling company and his wife. Again, Stacia was your date. And who else with that type of access to your company’s dealings would have a personal vendetta against you?”

I scoffed. “Stacia doesn’t have a personal vendetta.”

“Are you sure about that? Remember the night of Thanksgiving? She didn’t exactly seem to be a fan of yours.”

Thinking of my initial behavior toward Stacia and of that night, I wouldn’t have been a fan of mine either.

“And you got her to agree to be your date for all these events by holding her job over her head. You know the owner of her company, personally, and all it would take is one call to get her fired from a job she’s had for years. So there was really no way for her to say no to you. You don’t think that pissed her off at least somewhat?”

That might have been the case in the beginning, but …

“And there is the personal vendetta she has against people of your stature.”

“What do you mean?”

“I suspected Stacia could be behind all of this, so I made a few phone calls. Had her investigated. Some friends of hers from Connecticut say she has always said how rich people were evil and deserved to be knocked off their high horses. They say she hated her stepfather and anyone like him.”

I squinted in Jamie’s direction. She was correct that Stacia didn’t much care for her stepfather. And yes, that could sour her mood on those of us that are well-to-do, or of that world, I suppose.

“It’s why she took the job as a flight attendant with a private airline. She wanted to come into contact with wealthier men to seduce and try to destroy them in whatever way she could. I spoke with another man it happened to.”

“Who?” I asked with sudden urgency.

“Bryant Jones. He was a client of the airline, which was where he came into contact with Stacia. They had an affair. He shared some things with her, and before you know it, his business is tanking. I have his number if you want to speak with him.” Jamie moved forward, thrusting her cell phone in my face. “I figured you might have a hard time believing me so I spoke with Bryant myself and he is more than eager to talk with you.”

Gritting my teeth I pondered Jamie’s words for a long while. What she was saying didn’t make sense, but somehow it did make sense. Stacia was the only woman with such high access to me, and given the way things started and her background with her family, one could surmise that she did have a motive to see me humiliated.

Reluctantly, I took the phone from Jamie’s hand and pressed the number she’d pulled up from her contact list. A deep, male voice answered on the third ring.

“Is this Bryant Jones?” I demanded.

“Yes. Ian Zerlinger?”

“Yes.”

“Jamie said you might be calling from her phone.”

“Then tell me what you told her.”

I listened intently a Bryant told me a story that had me seeing red and also felt like someone was taking a knife and slicing out my own heart with each word he spoke.





Chapter Ten

Stacia

“You’ll have to come back in the summer for our Fourth of July fundraiser. That one is much more fun because we get to be outside with the children,” Kelly Zerlinger insisted.

“I’m sure it is,” I responded, not knowing what else to say. Who knew if Ian and I would see each other past this very night. But I liked Kelly. She seemed more down-to-earth than many of the other people at these events. And the way she and Bruce kept throwing glances at one each other from across the room, it was easy to tell they were still smitten with one another.

That thought had me lifting my head and looking around the room for Ian. The last I’d seen of him, he been exiting the room, followed by his public relations head, Jamie. That was quite some time ago, and for some reason I was starting to feel unsettled. Call me crazy, but part of me felt as if Jamie had it out for me. She wasn’t overt in her dislike, but her subtle eye rolls whenever Ian wasn’t looking, the snarky tone she’d take with me if it was just she and I, all led me to conclude I was definitely not on her gift-buying list.

“The kids really love that picnic we have for the fundraiser. They get to invite all their little friends and—”

“I need to speak with you.”

The sharpness in Ian’s voice as it sliced through Kelly’s and my conversation was more than a little jarring. She and I both looked up, stunned to see an angry looking Ian staring down at me. I had the urge to shrink back, feeling as if I was being scolded for doing something wrong by just the expression on his face.

“Excuse us, Kelly.” Ian didn’t wait for Kelly nor I to respond, as he wrapped a hand around my arm and began walking away, leaving me to keep up with his quick steps.

“Wh-what’s wrong?” I asked as soon as we were behind closed doors.

“Bryant Jones.”

My eyes ballooned at the sound of a name I’d never thought I’d hear again. Nor did I ever want to.

A muscle in Ian’s jaw ticked. “I wanted to see your reaction to hearing his name.”

“Wh-why are you asking me about Bryant?” I had no idea what had changed between Ian and I, but something had definitely changed. The way he was looking at me. It was worse than the first time I had met him. At least then he seemed to disregard me with the same level of contempt he held for just about everyone else. Right now, he was looking at me as if I were the worst person on Earth.

“He’s an ex of yours, right? You met through work?”

I swallowed and nodded, my heart began racing. “Bryant’s and my relationship was complicated.”

“Complicated? I’ll say. Must be hard sleeping with a man, convincing him you care, and then using everything you learned about him to turn his world upside down and betray him.”

My head jutted backwards at the accusation that was akin to a slap in the face. “What? No. That’s no—”

“It’s not what happened? Spare me,” he growled, stepping closer.

I took a step backwards but Ian followed.

“You can save all your bullshit lies and manipulations for someone else, friend,” he spat.

I flinched at the way he tossed the word friend in my face.

“Keep your phony ass friendship as well. You may have gotten one over on Bryant Jones, but I’m not him. I promise you, if even one more deal of mine is put into jeopardy, if one more reporter calls snooping around about my company’s dealings because of meetings and discussions you were privy to, I will destroy you.”

My mouth fell open but I remained speechless. I had no idea where any of this was coming from. Yes, Bryant was someone from my past, and unfortunately, I had met him through my job. But betraying him? No, Ian had the story all wrong.

“I-Ian, wait.” I jumped backwards when I reached for Ian’s arm as he pushed past me, but he swung around, wildly ripping his arm free from my hold, as if he couldn’t bear to be touched by me.

“Don’t even fucking say my name again.”

His tone was so sharp it literally stole the breath from my lungs. My entire body began shaking. Without another word, Ian looked me up and down with disgust marring his face before he completely dismissed me by turning his back and yanking the door open. I jumped again by the loudness of the slamming door.

I hadn’t even felt the first tear escape my eye until it dripped onto my hand. I was still running the previous five minute conversation with Ian through my head, trying to figure out what the hell had just happened when Kelly entered the room.

“Honey, are you all right?”

Her voice was so sweet and so full of care. I wanted to give into the tears that threatened to escape and fall into her arms, sobbing. But I wouldn’t let that happen. Ian wasn’t the first person to disappoint me and he likely wouldn’t be the last. I could cry all on my own, at home, in my own place.

With that decision made, I straightened my spine, pushed my shoulders back, and lifted my chin.

“I’m fine. I just need to catch an Uber to the airport.” I was going back to Atlanta.

“That won’t be needed,” a male voice intervened.

I looked up to see Ian’s brother, Bruce, standing next to his wife.

“I will gladly take to you the airport.”

I shook my head. “No, that’s not necessary.”

“It is, and he’s more than happy to do it,” Kelly insisted. “Honey, take my car. The gas tank is full and the other cars aren’t blocking it in.”

Bruce nodded and placed a kiss to her lips. I lowered my gaze upon seeing the sweet exchange between the pair. It made my own heart ache in jealousy and the feeling of loss.

Clearing my throat, I smoothed down the sides of my dress. “T-thank you, Bruce.”

He nodded. “My pleasure.”

Within ten minutes we were pulling out of his driveway in a white Range Rover that was apparently Kelly’s vehicle. I barely took notice of the beautiful, cream leather interior. I felt too embarrassed to feel much else or to take in my surroundings.

“My luggage,” I suddenly said, remembering that my suitcases were still at the hotel I’d stayed at with Ian.

“Where is your luggage?”

“The Joule, where Ian and I were staying.” I fidgeted with my hands in my lap at the thought of having to see Ian again that night in the hotel suite. I didn’t think I would be able to get through that. At least, not in a civil way.

“I will go get it for you if you want me to.”

I pushed out a breath, feeling relieved. “I don’t know why you’re being so nice to me but thank you,” I blurted out.

A small laugh escaped Bruce’s lips. “I know how touchy my brother can be.”

I turned to Bruce. “According to Ian you’re the one who’s touchy and an ass … his words not mine,” I reiterated.

To my surprise, Bruce laughed, heartily.

“In Ian’s defense, he wasn’t entirely wrong. If he told you about me, I’m sure he also shared a little about how we grew up.” Bruce turned to me, questioningly.

“He did.”

“Then you know we both got it honest.”

I sat silent for a moment, just thinking about what Bruce had said. “That doesn’t explain why you’re being so friendly to me now. Especially, considering your brother swears I betrayed him and your company somehow.”

Bruce sighed. “Yeah, he’s pretty pissed. I suspect it’s not one hundred percent due to whatever betrayal he thinks you perpetuated.”

I raised an eyebrow. “So you don’t think it’s true? You don’t believe whatever Ian thinks I did?”

Bruce raised a shoulder, shrugging. “I have no idea. I don’t know you, but my instincts tell me it won’t hurt for me to at least be a friendly face until you get on that plane. Hang on, while I go up and get our belongings.”

I realized then that we had reached the hotel. I waited patiently as Bruce went up to grab my things. By then, I had half a mind to carry myself up to the hotel’s top suite and find Ian Zerlinger and tell him off, even worse than that first night we’d met. However, I simply remained in the car, nursing my hurt feelings, barely forgetting that fact that it was the night before Christmas.

“Where to?” Bruce questioned once he’d placed my suitcases in the back of the Range Rover.

“DFW,” I stated with a steadiness in my voice that I didn’t feel at all.

“Are you sure you want to chance the airport on Christmas Eve? Kelly and I would have no problem putting you up—”

“No.” I shook my head vigorously. “I need to get out of this city. If it’s too much of a hassle, I can grab an U—”

“No,” Bruce insisted, grabbing my arm as I had already started to open the door. “The airport is fine. Next stop, DFW.”

Closing the passenger door once again, I relaxed back into my seat. I was leaving Dallas. I’d have to report in to my employer once I landed, since technically, I was still on the clock. And that was if I still had a job once I landed.





Chapter Eleven

Stacia

“Aw, man! Super Bowl tickets! Thanks, Mom. Thanks, Dad!” my younger brother, Raymond, screeched in delight. Apparently, my mother and stepfather had gotten Raymond tickets to the following year’s Super Bowl.

“I hope Tyler Townsend and the Williamsport Cougars make it to the big game this year,” he cheered. Raymond was a huge football fan just like his father. And just like his father, who’d grown up in the city of Williamsport, he was a fan of the team, although he hadn’t grown up in the same city.

“It looks like they’ve got a chance, if Townsend and Riggs can get along for more than five minutes,” James, my stepfather, responded from his position on the leather couch. His arm was draped around my mother’s shoulders, while she snuggled up close to his chest, smiling as she looked down at Raymond.

I angled my head and took a hard, long look at my mother, observing her. Her skin was a few shades darker than my toffee complexion. Her heart-shaped face, full lips, and button nose mirrored my own. A few fine lines had begun to creep into her forehead but her skin held a healthy glow. She kept her hair long and permed. At the moment, she wore it in a french braid. The pearl earrings James had given her that morning donned her ears. She sighed and lowered her head to James’ shoulder.

I furrowed my brows. Overall, my mother seemed … happy. At the same time I realized that my mother’s brown eyes moved to mine, her smile widened. I returned her look with a half smile before dipping my head.

I don’t know what had possessed me to catch a flight to JFK airport the night before, but as soon as I landed I called my mother, who at her insistence sent a car for me to be picked up. I had just thought to find a hotel room or Airbnb in the city, but somehow I ended up at my mother and stepfather’s front door, suitcases in tow. I was even more surprised to be welcomed with open arms. As if I was missed.

“Here, sis. I didn’t get a chance to wrap your gift because I thought I was gonna have to mail it like I do every year,” Raymond stated as he stood over me.

I peered up, pulling myself from my thoughts, and smiled at my kid brother. He was so tall now, nearly six-one. And handsome. I wondered if he had a girlfriend. At that moment, I realized I didn’t know all that much about my kid brother’s life. A lump of shamed formed in my throat. I had loved Raymond ever since my mother told me she was expecting another child.

I smiled, reaching for the gift bag. “Thanks, Ray. Oh, here.” I pulled his wrapped gift from behind me. I had put Raymond’s gift in my suitcase the last time I was in Atlanta, hoping to find time to mail it out, but of course, I got distracted with Ian—

No. I wasn’t even going to think of that man.

“New Beats by Dre headphones!” Ray shouted as he unwrapped the present I’d given him. My mother had told me he broke his the last time we talked which had been a couple of days after Thanksgiving.

“Thanks, sis!”

“You’re welcome!” I giggled when Raymond threw his long arms around me. I sighed. I hadn’t recognized how much I actually missed my brother until that moment.

“Open your gift,” he insisted.

Smiling, I dug in the green, white, and brown gift bag he’d handed me. I pulled out a small box. Opening it, I realized it was a pastel pink mini jewelry box meant for traveling. I’d lost the last one I owned about a year prior.

“Thanks, Ray.”

“It’s not just from me. Mom and Dad helped, too. Mom said you lost your old one.”

I looked over at my mother and James. They both were smiling at me.

“Thank you.”

“Open it,” Ray urged with enthusiasm in his voice.

At his insistence, I did so and my jaw dropped. Inside was a beautiful pair of tear drop diamond earrings.

“These are gorgeous,” I gasped, pulling the earrings out of the box.

“Your mother said you were eyeing the pair she wore the last time you were home.”

I looked up at James and had to swallow the lump in my throat. I hadn’t been back home in well over a year but he was right. The last time I was there, my mother had worn a similar pair of earrings that I’d told her looked spectacular on her. I don’t know what touched me more—the gift itself or the fact that she had even remembered.

“Th-thank you,” I stated just before clamping my mouth shut out of fear of choking up.

I watched for some time as my mother and stepfather opened the tickets to the opera that I’d purchased for them. Once the gifts were all given and opened, I went to the kitchen with my mother to help her cook for that night’s dinner. James’ family was coming over later for Christmas dinner as they always did, as well as my grandparents, who I hadn’t seen in a long time. I was looking forward to it, so I opted to help my mother cook while James and Raymond began watching football replays of old Super Bowl games.

“I’m glad you came,” my mother remarked after a few moments of silence while she’d begun basting the turkey and stuck it into the oven.

“Me too.” I smiled across the kitchen’s island from the wooden stool I sat on. I looked back down at the bowl filled with water and raw collards that I was washing. Even the thought of eating my mother’s collards that night wasn’t enough to make me smile, and I loved my mother’s collard greens.

“What’s wrong, Stacia?”

I lifted my eyes to find my mother staring at me, concern etching the lines of her forehead.

I shook my head. “Nothing.” I smiled the phony smile I’d perfected over the years.

“I’m your mother. You think I don’t know when you’re giving me one of your flight attendant smiles?”

I lifted an eyebrow.

“Don’t look at me like that,” she began as she moved from around the island, to come stand in front of me, placing her hand on her hip. She placed a hand under my chin, cupping it. “I see the sadness in your eyes. I know we haven’t been close for some time now, but you’re still my firstborn. It was you and me for a long time, Stacia. I heard it in your voice last night when you called telling me you were at the airport.”

I remained silent not knowing what to say to that.

My mother took my hands in hers.

“I know things between you and I could’ve been different. The way I handled meeting and marrying James. And then Raymond came along and it was like you got lost in all the shuffle. But you were still my baby girl. I’ve had some time to reflect on everything over the last few years while in therapy.”

“You’re in therapy?”

My mother nodded. “Yes. James and I started taking couples therapy about three years ago. And then I started going on my own. It’s helped improve our relationship all-around.”

“That’s great, Mom.” I had noticed she seemed happier and lighter, even.

“Yes. But now my baby girl is here on Christmas for the first time in a very long time and she’s looking like someone stole her puppy.”

I giggled. “What?”

She shrugged. “It’s a saying. Anyway, tell me what’s got you so down. Here …” My mother held up her finger, signaling for me to wait a moment. She circled the island, moving to the refrigerator. Pulling it open she grabbed a plate of chocolate chip cookies and eggnog. I watched as she placed the cookies into the microwave for a few seconds to warm them up and poured us two glasses of the eggnog. Memories of her doing this exact thing when I was a young child came flooding back.

“Okay, spill,” she stated, placing the cookies on the counter between us and pulling up a stool to sit on.

“Mom, we have to finish cooking.”

She waved me off. “I’ll be right here. That turkey will be fine. The mac and cheese, sweet potatoes, and everything else is already prepped and don’t have to go into the oven until later. And we can wash these greens while we eat cookies and you tell me what’s got you so forlorn on your favorite day of the year. At least, it used to be.”

I sighed and took the warmed up cookies she handed me. After taking a bite and swallowing, I finally opened my mouth and the truth spilled out. I told my mother everything, just like I used to do when I was a kid. Except, when I was a child my stories didn’t include hot, one-eyed CEOs who made your toes curl.

My mother was quiet for a long while after I stopped talking. Though I felt relieved having been able to share everything I’d been keeping to myself with someone else, I was anxious to know what she thought.

After a while she looked up at me. “So this Bryant, he was your boyfriend?”

I nodded. “For about six months. Until I found out he was married. But I never set out to destroy him or anything like that. I didn’t know what happened to him after I cut off all contact.”

My mother nodded before standing and taking the clean collard greens.

“But Ian thinks you intentionally set out to destroy Bryant, and now, him.”

I shrugged. “I think so. That’s what it sounded like. He was pretty scant on details.” I blew out a frustrated breath. “Now I have half a mind to look up wherever he is and call him or show up on his doorstep just to curse him out. How could he think I would be capable of doing something like that? Jerk!” I growled, feeling pissed off and sad all at the same time.

“Hm.”

I looked up at my mother who was staring at me, standing at the stove.

“I just have one question.”

I raised an eyebrow.

“Do you love him?”



****

Ian

“You’re an ass.”

I turned from the floor-to-ceiling window of my office to the door where my jackass brother was standing.

“What the hell do you want, Bruce?” I grunted as I pushed away from the window.

“To know what the hell you’re doing. It’s been two days since Christmas and we still haven’t seen you. I only know you were here at the office because Jamie requested I drop off the Collins file for you. It seems she’s been hanging around here a lot lately.”

I scowled at my brother’s implication. “We’ve been working.”

“I bet.”

“We’ve needed to sure up the Collins deal before it went any further south.”

“If you say so, little brother. But it seems to me like you’ve been here at the office hiding out.”

“Hiding from what?”

“You tell me,” he responded, moving fully into my office and shutting the door behind him.

“Don’t get comfortable,” I growled as he perched his ass on the corner of my glass desk.

“Too late.” He shrugged. “Anyway, the kids missed Uncle Ian at Christmas. Kelly and I told them you may show up the day after since Uncle Ian was so busy with work. Two days later you’re still a no show, so I’m here.”

I averted my gaze, not wanting to look my brother in the eye after he mentioned the kids. Try as I might, I actually enjoyed my niece and nephew … well, more than I enjoyed most other people. But even the notion of seeing their four- and three-year-old faces couldn’t pull me out of my stupor long enough to leave the office. I’d actually been at my office since Christmas Eve. Having my own bathroom and clothes to change in the office made it easy for me to not bother with having to leave and face the real world.

“So when are you going to call her to apologize?”

I looked over at my brother with a raised eyebrow. Surely, he hadn’t just said what I thought he had.

“Excuse me?”

“There is no excuse for you, but I’m pretty sure you heard me correctly.”

“Fuck you,” I snapped.

Bruce simply nodded as if he’d been expecting my response.

“What are you going to do about Stacia?”

“I’m not going to do anything. As long as she doesn’t interfere in my business dealings any longer she’ll be fine.” My hands twisted in the pockets of my pants.

“You know as well as I do that girl had nothing to do with those reporters finding out about your deals.”

I narrowed my gaze. “I know she has a history hating powerful men and it’s no coincidence that an ex of hers lost everything not long after she broke up with him.”

“Is that right?”

“It is,” I growled, my anger growing at my brother’s questioning me. For the past three days I’d gone over and over in my mind the level of betrayal. I questioned every word I’d said to Stacia. Every word she’d said to me. Every look she’d given me that even still felt genuine. I was a man who always trusted my instincts, but to know they had failed me so miserably where Stacia was concerned, shook me to my core.

“And what if you’re wrong?”

I looked back at Bruce. “I’m not.”

“How do you know?”

“Because I was told—”

“By who?”

“By Jamie and Stacia’s ex.”

Bruce slowly nodded. “Jamie.”

“Yes.”

“The head of public relations, who just about everyone knows took the job just so she could get next to you?”

I gave Bruce a look, having no idea what he was talking about.

“You really don’t know, do you?” He shook his head, chuckling, which pissed me off even more.

“Why are we talking about Jamie?” Of all people.

“Because who was it that suddenly brought you this new information on Stacia?”

“Jamie, of course. But she is my head of PR, it’s her job.”

“Right. And all I’m saying is, the woman’s been crushing on you since she took on this roll a year ago. Seeing you get close to another woman in such a short period of time couldn’t have been easy.”

“So you’re saying she made all this up out of petty jealousy?”

“There’s nothing petty about the type of jealousy that could cause a woman to make up lies and spread false information about another woman. Besides, all I’m saying is, I wouldn’t trust Jamie as far as I could throw her. Also, you might not want to take the word of an ex-boyfriend of Stacia’s who possibly had more than one motive to lie on her. Anyway, I need to get going. We’re taking the kids sledding today. You think about what I said, little brother. At the very least, you might want to think about spending some time outside of the office. We’re having a New Year’s get-together. Small gathering, nothing like Christmas Eve. Kelly insists that you come. I’ll see you in a few days.”

Bruce nodded, knocking his knuckles against the glass of my desk before standing and making his way out the door he’d entered only fifteen minutes prior. I watched as the door closed, leaving me standing in my office alone, once again. I pushed the air out of my lungs suddenly feeling deflated. The last thing I wanted at that moment was more questions. But once Bruce’s words penetrated the thick layer of anger and emotion I’d been hiding behind since the night of the Christmas Eve party, I couldn’t stop asking them.

Jamie had been strangely clingy over the last few weeks. I lost count of the number of times she’d call late at night or stopped by my hotel room early morning claiming some work issue. Most of the time, Stacia had been with me or in my bed, so I’d ignored or sent Jamie away, thinking nothing of it. I just thought her increase in contact was due to the heightened PR we were doing over the holiday season.

I don’t think she likes me.

Stacia’s words replayed in my mind. She’d said it one night after an albeit brief yet seemingly intense encounter with Jamie. I hadn’t paid too much attention to her comment then because I was too focused on getting her naked. Jamie was little more than a passing thought. But now …

I could kick myself for being so damn foolish. I was the most thorough person I knew, especially when it came to business. But I’d let emotions cloud my judgment and I’d failed to verify anything for myself.

“What the hell did I do?” I growled, picking up the phone on my desk. After two rings a deep, male voice on the other end answered.

“Richard, I need you to do a background check for me,” I ordered Richard Dawson, the head of my company’s security team. If I had questions, Richard was sure to find any and all answers.





Chapter Twelve

Ian

I pushed away from my desk, rising from my chair, too angry to continue sitting. My body was so rigid with anger that I shook. I couldn’t remember the last time I was this pissed off. Maybe it was never. The problem was, that while I was angry with others, it was mainly myself that I was angry with. I had no one to blame besides myself. My own shortsighted stupidity had led to my being duped. But trust me when I say I wouldn’t be the only person experiencing my wrath.

And at that precise moment, a knock sounded on my door.

I turned to see Jamie entering the door.

“You wanted to see me, Ian?” She smiled and glided closer to me, shutting the door behind her.

I let my gaze trail down the length of her body. She wore a cream-colored, body hugging dress that stopped just above the knee. Her hair was pinned up in a high bun and her makeup done up for more than an office visit in the middle of the day.

“You had plans?” I questioned with a raised eyebrow.

“Just working in the office,” she answered, coyly, while running a hand down her flat abdomen.

“Have you heard anything more about the Collins deal from the Financial Times?”

Jamie lifted both brows and pouted her lips before shaking her head. “No. It seems that the inquiries have died down for now.”

“Is that so?” I questioned, moving closer.

“Yes. However, that doesn’t mean the situation is over. Stacia could still—”

“Still what?”

She hesitated, mouth opening and closing before she responded. “She could still be planning something. I really think you should take me up on my suggestion to call her employer and have her fired. Who knows what type of damage she is still capable of?”

“That won’t be necessary,” I stated firmly, as I sat on the edge of my desk.

Jamie seemed to be confused. “Why not?”

“Because I already made a phone call.”

“Really? To who?”

“Richard.”

I let my answer hang in the air. I watched as Jamie’s eyes ballooned. She recovered, quickly, however. It was at that moment, I remembered that Jamie’s former career was as a struggling actress. She’d moved to Los Angeles, and for a number of years obtained minor roles in television and film before moving back to Dallas and starting as an assistant in the PR division of my company. The same division that was originally headed up by her father. Obviously, her previous career was still serving her as she was able to continually lie to my face and I was none the wiser.

Such a damn fool I was.

“He told me some interesting things,” I continued. “For example, he was able to confirm that Stacia and Bryant Jones had indeed had a short relationship. Somewhere around six months, and it is true that once Stacia broke things off, Bryant’s life fell apart.”

“See, I knew it because—”

“Due to Bryant’s wife.”

Jamie’s mouth dropped.

“Turns out, Bryant was married and had lied to Stacia. Once she found out, she dumped him and went on with her life. Bryant’s wife, on the other hand, wasn’t so generous. She ended up spilling all his dirty little business secrets to his business partners. Apparently, he was stealing behind their backs. His partners withdrew and his business fell apart. After his wife divorced him, Bryant was left with less than a quarter of his once multi-million dollar net worth, with still more debts than cash flow. Want to know what other interesting information Richard found out?” I tilted my head, clasping my hands in front of me, staring at Jamie as I waited for an answer to my question.

She cleared her throat, holding her head up higher. “W-what?”

“There was a deposit of close to fifty-thousand dollars into Bryant’s account that was made just the day after Christmas. And since Richard can just about trace anything, he was able to trace the money back to an account in the Cayman Islands. One owned by your father.” I paused, looking at Jamie with a narrowed lens. “And since dead men don’t make wire transfers, I would have to assume that the person in charge of your father’s accounts is responsible for that transfer. That person would be you, correct?”

“I-Ian, Bryant simply requested the money in exchange for telling you what he knew about Stacia. I was just trying to help.”

I nodded and stood. “I’m sure you were. Just as I’m sure you were trying to help when you called that reporter from the Financial Times to put the bug in his ear about the Collins deal.”

“I did no such thing. I—”

“Sure you did. He recognized your voice. I met with him via a video conference call and played him a sample of a previously recorded call between you and I. Just to make sure, I did the same with a recording I had of Stacia’s voice. Oddly, he wasn’t able to recognize hers. But yours? Dead ringer for the anonymous woman who called his office informing him of some inside information regarding Zerlinger Beer.”

I shook my head, feeling both disgusted with myself and with Jamie.

“I should’ve known better. You gave yourself away that night at my brother’s. And if I hadn’t of been so goddamned stupid I would’ve seen right through your lies.”

Jamie shook her head vigorously. “Ian, I didn’t lie. I—”

“The Collins deal. The one about my buying out their subsidy in Canada? Stacia had no idea about the details of the deal. I spoke with Nikola in private, and Andre Collins the next day over lunch while Stacia waited at the hotel. She was never privy to those conversations, nor did she inquire about them. Almost as if she didn’t care to know. Because she wasn’t trying to use information against me. But you were!” I seethed, finally letting out my anger.

“I was trying to help you!” Jamie screeched.

“Help me how? By trying to destroy my company from the inside out?”

“By keeping you from that woman! What the hell does she have that I don’t?”

I scowled at Jamie as I stood from my desk, taking a step backwards.

“My heart.”

Jamie’s eyes doubled in size at the truth behind my words.

A second later my door was opening as Richard, my head of security, and another female security guard entered.

“These two are here to help you clear out your office. Once that’s finished there are some FBI agents who would like to speak with you on the first floor.”

“FBI?” Jamie shouted.

I nodded without sympathy. “Calling a reporter and spilling insider information for a company your work for, in addition to bribing someone to lie, are all possible federal offenses. Corporate espionage is a serious crime. And you’ve crossed the line. You will likely be spending your New Year’s in an orange jumpsuit.” I looked over Jamie’s head at Richard and Lisa, the security guard. “Get her out of my sight,” I growled.

I turned my back on the entire scene of Jamie yelling and insisting that this was all wrong.

I shook my head. What was all wrong was the fact that it was two days before New Year’s Eve and I had no idea where the woman I planned on ringing in the New Year with was.



****

Stacia

“I can’t believe this,” I mumbled as I looked at the freaking surcharge I was being forced to pay for my Uber from the airport. I stood just outside of my apartment building, suitcases at either side of me, frowning down into my phone.

Yes, it was New Year’s Eve and everyone knew about the Uber surcharge on the holiday. And yes, I could’ve waited until after the New Year to return home from visiting my family in Connecticut, but still. Though my time with my mother, brother, and stepfather had been better than I could’ve ever thought possible, I needed to get back to my life.

I’d taken a few days off from work between Christmas and the New Year—a job, by the way, I was still surprised to learn I even had. The way Ian had responded to me on Christmas Eve, I was certain he would’ve called my company and had me fired. He had the power to do it. I wondered why that call had never come. And stupidly, I thought that maybe, just maybe he’d believed me and knew I would never do something like what he’d accused me of. But after a week of not hearing anything from Ian, that hope had begun to fade. He likely had all but forgotten about me. Discarding any memory of us the same callous way he’d discarded me at his brother’s house.

Brushing off those painful memories, I reminded myself that I still had a good job, my own place to sleep, and a seemingly growing relationship with my family. My mother and James had even talked of all four of us going on a family vacation the following summer. My mother had practically begged me to request the first week in June to spend it with them in their vacation home in the Caribbean.

Still, with all those things going for me, my heart felt heavy. I vowed that I wouldn’t even stay up to watch the clock strike midnight like the rest of the world. I was going to bed as soon as I unpacked and took a shower. Seeing as how it was just after ten at night, I was tired anyway. And I had to be up for a morning flight to Paris of all places. Who flies to Paris on the first day of the New Year? I guessed I’d find out in the morning.

“Home sweet home,” I mumbled as I pushed the door of my one-bedroom apartment open, only to stop less than a few feet inside of the door. In fact, I was pushed out of my stunned state when the door smacked me on the shoulder as it tried to close but was blocked by my body.

“Well don’t just stand there. Come in,” Ian urged, moving closer.

I looked around at the Christmas lights that hung from my apartment’s ceiling rafters, along with the candles that’d been set up throughout the apartment.

“H-how did you get in here?” I blurted out, unmoving.

Frowning, Ian moved closer until our chests almost touched. He stared down into my eyes, bending lower. Just when I thought he was about to kiss me, he angled his body to the side, bending lower to take the suitcases from my hands. I had no choice but to move out of the doorway as he pulled my suitcases inside and shut the door behind me.

“Hi,” he said after setting by bags to the side.

“Hi?” I chided. “Hi? That’s all you have to say?!”

“I actually have a lot mor—”

“Hi. Ha! How about, I’m an ass! Let’s start there.”

“I could—”

“Or, how about, Stacia, I’m sorry for ever believing that you could betray me like that.”

“I could certainly say that as w—”

“Or, what about, I’m sorry for completely ruining your Christmas, your favorite day of the year because I knew you’d really wanted for us to spend it together because we’ve become more than just friends.”

“Yes, that would be a fitting—”

“Oh, and don’t forget to throw in I’m sorry, Stacia, for making your fear you would lose your job over the baseless claims of a narcissistic ex who happened to be a philandering, shady businessman, involved in God knows what! An ex, by the way, whom I ended things with once I found out he was married! But you wouldn’t listen to any of that. Nooo … Ian Zerlinger doesn’t listen to a peon like—”

“I’m sorry for—”

“No! No, you don’t get to come here with your Christmas lights, and candles, and your good looks and smelling amazingly and just apologize!” I insisted. The hurt and anger I’d been feeling was finally coming out and Ian Zerlinger would hear what I had to say. Every word of it.

“I also brought the last few containers of Zerlinger’s spiked eggnog for the season,” he stated as he moved to my mid-sized refrigerator, pulling out a carton of what’d become my favorite holiday drink.

“How many did you bring?” I asked, just a little of the wind behind my sails being knocked out.

“Three.”

I bit my bottom lip, pondering.

“I also brought something else.”

I narrowed my eyes on him in his navy blue sweater and dark jeans. I especially loved it when he wore jeans.

“What?” I asked defensively, putting my hands on my hips.

He moved from my tiny kitchen to my living room space, picking up a gift wrapped box I hadn’t noticed on my glass coffee table.

I inhaled sharply when I saw the beautifully painted mug Ian removed from the box. On the mug was the scenery of snowfall in the Berkshires.

“It isn’t quite dry yet, but I promised you a mug, made and painted with my bare hands.”

I swallowed. He had promised. The night before we left I asked him to make one of his works just for me. It was totally a joke when I’d asked, but he’d agreed without hesitating.

“You’re still an ass,” I murmured, taking a step forward and then another.

“I know,” he agreed, causing me to smile. “And I’m sorry.”

I didn’t say anything at first. But then the question that’d been paramount in my mind spilled from my lips. “How could you believe that I would do such a thing?”

Sighing, he ran a hand over his bald head. I groaned inwardly at how sexy even his damn bald head was to me.

“I didn’t believe it.”

“But you did. You told me never to even say your name. Discarding me like yesterday’s trash.” I snapped my lip shut just before they began quivering with the tears I refused to let fall.

“I know. But in truth I didn’t believe what Jamie had told me. Not at a gut level. I took the easy way out. At least, what I thought was the easy way out. Turns out, I ended up hurting myself more … and you.” He moved closer.

“What?”

“Look, I’m new to these feelings. I don’t have friends, not because of what my father taught me but because friendships seem to come with attachments and those get messy. And if I can’t even maintain a friendship, how could I be everything that you wanted me to be?”

“I didn’t want anything but you!” I insisted.

“I know! That was the problem. Most people don’t want me. They want Ian Zerlinger, the CEO of Zerlinger Beer. The mogul, deal maker, decision maker, and whatever other adjective they use to describe who they think I am. You asked for more without even realizing it.”

“And you got scared,” I stated, finishing his sentence so he wouldn’t have to.

“Yes, but that wasn’t your fault.”

I scoffed. “I know it wasn’t my fault.”

Ian dipped his head and I saw the edges of his lips turn upwards into a smile. My stomach rumbled with the butterflies that always appeared at seeing his smile.

“No, it’s not your fault. It’s mine. For being a coward. So much so that when Jamie approached me with her obviously duplicitous story, I took it at face value. I didn’t question it because it gave me an easy out. And as a result I spent Christmas day cooped up in my office, miserable.”

“How miserable?” I asked, giving him a side-eye.

“Extremely miserable. I picked up the phone to call you at least thirty times.”

“I didn’t have any missed calls,” I retorted saucily, hand still on my hip.

“I chickened out.”

“Ian Zerlinger, big ol’ coward.”

“You made me this way,” he stated, moving closer and taking my hand into his.

My entire body warmed at his touch.

He lowered his forehead to mine. “And now I’m asking you something I’ve never asked another human being. Forgive me?”

“Why should I?”

“Because I’m sorry and it’s Christmas.”

I grinned. “Christmas was almost a week ago.”

“Okay. How about because I love you and I’ll spend every day you allow me to, making it up to you?”

I gasped and pulled back, looking him in the eye. He looked at me straight on, unwavering, not a hint of hesitation in his voice or his gaze.

I swallowed and dropped my gaze. “My mother asked me if I loved you.”

Ian cupped my chin, raising my face to meet his. “How did you respond?”

I sighed. “I told her I don’t know how, but yes. I fell in love with you in the span of a month. How the hell does that even happen?”

A smile opened up on Ian’s face. “How could you not?”

I began giggling, but it was cut off when he pressed his lips to mine, stealing my breath, per usual. I moaned into his mouth, having missed his kisses.

“Wait,” Ian demanded, pulling back.

“What?”

“I haven’t given you your Christmas present.”

I frowned in confusion. “The diamond necklace and mug weren’t enough?”

He shook his head, bringing the mug between us. “Look inside.”

I took one look at him before lowering my gaze. “Ian!” I gasped, still staring down at the glinting diamond ring inside.

“I wasn’t sure of your ring size, and it was sort of short notice when I notified my jeweler I needed an engagement ring. If you don’t like it—”

“Engagement ring?”

He nodded. “I’m asking you to marry me.”

“Are you insane?”

“Absolutely.”

“Ian—”

“We can have a long engagement, if you would like. I’m thinking a year at most. You know, to get the wedding details in order and—”

“Yes,” I blurted out, not letting him finish his sentence. “I must be as crazy as you are so yes, Ian Zerlinger, I will marry you.”

Ian lifted the ring out of the mug and placed it on my finger before pulling me into a frenzied kiss. He pulled back.

“You know they say how you spend ringing in the New Year will be how you spend the rest of the year.”

I grinned, wrapping my arms tightly around Ian’s broad shoulders. His arms pulled me into him by the waist. “I couldn’t think of a better way to spend New Year’s then.”

He planted another kiss to my lips before moving down to my neck.

“Oh no,” I groaned.

“What?”

“As much as I’d love to spend the night getting reacquainted with you, and all day tomorrow, I can’t. I have an early morning flight out—”

“To Paris.”

I pulled my head back. “That was you?”

“Who the hell else would fly to Paris on the first day of the year?”

I cracked up laughing, burying my head into Ian’s neck and shoulder.

“I planned to take my fiancée on a little trip to start off the New Year,” he said as he picked me up and began carrying me toward the bedroom.

“And what if I’d said no?”

“In that case, I planned to use the flight to change your mind. Or kidnap you. Whatever worked.” He shrugged and then shouldered my door open.

I gasped at the scene of more candles and rose petals on the bed.

“Look up,” he said.

I did, and laughed at the sight of mistletoe hanging from the doorframe of my bedroom.

“Miles and mistletoe. That’s you and me.”

He was right. We’d traveled thousands of miles together over the previous month and a half. Had our first kiss under the mistletoe. And now, had gotten engaged under it before taking another long journey to another continent.

“Kiss me,” he growled.

“I guess I can’t break a tradition now.” I giggled before lowering my lips to his.



The End





Looking for updates on future releases? I can be found around the web at the following locations:

FaceBook private group: Tiffany’s Passions Between the Pages

Website: TiffanyPattersonWrites.com

FaceBook Page: Author Tiffany Patterson

Email: TiffanyPattersonWrites@gmail.com





More books by Tiffany Patterson

The Black Burles Series

Black Pearl

Black Dahlia

Black Butterfly

Forever Series

7 Degrees of Alpha (Collection)

Forever

Safe Space Series

Safe Space (Book 1)

Safe Space (Book 2)

Rescue Four Series

Eric’s Inferno

Carter’s Flame

Non-Series Titles

This is Where I Sleep

My Storm

The Townsend Brothers Series

Aaron’s Patience

Mean to Be

For Keeps





