		 			 				Measure of a Man

				Peyton’s baby brother, Francis Adams—nicknamed Flex—means the 					world to her. And when he decides to move from California to Atlanta after a bad 					breakup with his lover, the entire family is upset. The only consolation is the 					news that Flex has found a new man in fellow firefighter Lincoln Carver.

				Flex hasn’t been entirely truthful—Lincoln, who is straight, 					doesn’t know the new firefighter is gay. And when fate brings Peyton and Lincoln 					together under unusual circumstances, sparks begin to fly. But when Lincoln is 					invited to a family wedding, will his relationship with Peyton be undermined 					once the truth is revealed?





		 			 				To Jasmine, Jordan, Jada and Jackson.

For being the best 					part of my day.





		 			 				Contents

				Chapter 1

				Chapter 2

				Chapter 3

				Chapter 4

				Chapter 5

				Chapter 6

				Chapter 7

				Chapter 8

				Chapter 9

				Chapter 10

				Chapter 11

				Chapter 12

				Chapter 13

				Chapter 14

				Chapter 15

				Chapter 16

				Chapter 17

				Chapter 18

				Chapter 19

				Chapter 20

				Chapter 21

				Chapter 22

				Chapter 23

				Chapter 24

				Chapter 25

				Chapter 26

				Chapter 27

				Chapter 28

				Chapter 29

				Chapter 30





		 			 				Chapter 1

				For two hours, Local 1492 Dekalb 					Firefighters battled a three-alarm apartment blaze in the dead of night. 					December was a merciless month riddled with Christmas tree and electrical fires. 					With this being their third call in the past twenty-four hours, the men of Local 					1492 were pushed to the brink of exhaustion.

				Firefighter Lincoln Carver ignored the pain pulsating through 					every muscle in his body as he hacked into a third-floor apartment. Despite the 					roar of the inferno surrounding him, he zeroed in on a series of coughs and 					cries for help on the other side of the door.

				The moment the door gave way, black clouds of smoke enveloped 					him and obscured his vision. Operating purely on instinct, he strained his ears 					for any signs of life and heard none.

				To his right, the walls glowed a dark black and orange with 					flames snaking toward him.

				Someone is in here. You heard 					them.

				Lincoln kept moving, convinced that his ears hadn’t deceived 					him. Sweat poured around his face as his heart chugged the disappearing supply 					of oxygen.

				Get out of here.

				He shook off his inner command. Someone was still in there. He 					just knew it.

				Behind him, a part of the roof caved in and burning debris 					missed him by mere inches.

				It’s too late. Get out!

				Again, he shook off the warning. He just needed a few more 					seconds. However, Lincoln was out of time. Something cracked and then slammed 					into him.

				* * *

				“Has anyone seen Linc?” Flex Adams asked. He handed over 					a young girl covered in soot to one of the paramedics.

				Omar Preston removed his hat and glanced around. “I thought he 					was with you.”

				Flex shook his head and surveyed the men around him. No 					Lincoln.

				“I’m going back in,” he announced and then felt a hand tug 					against his shoulder.

				“If Linc is still in there—”

				“Then I’ll find him.” Flex gave him a departing wink. “Be right 					back.” He vaulted through the smoking door and up the fire-engulfed stairs 					without hesitation.

				In times like these, Flex operated best on instinct. Too much 					thinking was a losing man’s game and action saved lives. On the second floor, 					flames glowed across the carpet like a radiant liquid—a river of doom. Above him 					something creaked and then crashed, sending a shiver of fear coursing down his 					spine.

				Where is he? He forced himself to 					remain calm. He started to enter an apartment, but thought better of it. He’s not in that one.

				The walls moaned around him as if the building were alive. Next 					came the explosion of shattering windows and hunks of plaster fell around him. 						Keep moving. He flew up another flight of 					stairs, unsure if he was following the path to perdition.

				* * *

				Lincoln suppressed the pain in his lower back as he slid 					on his belly toward a little girl trembling in a corner. She sat with her knees 					drawn up against her chest, arms wrapped around her legs, while her eyes were 					wide with terror.

				Her presence upped the ante. He had to make sure she made it 					out of there safe and sound. How he was going to do that was still unclear. As 					he approached, he guessed the child was about six years old. She was a pretty 					black girl with large doe eyes and hair parted down the center and fat plaits on 					each side. He could easily see the beautiful woman she would one day become.

				Finally when he was within inches of her, her gaze withdrew 					from the flames licking up the walls to meet his eyes. But he saw no relief; if 					anything, her terror intensified.

				Lincoln pulled himself up into a sitting position. He was 					surprised by the lack of pain in his back. In fact, he didn’t feel anything.

				“It’s all right. I’m going to get you out of here,” he shouted 					through the shield on his helmet.

				The little girl covered her face with her hands and trembled 					uncontrollably.

				Lincoln struggled to his feet and was careful as he swooped the 					child into his arms. However, the moment he took his first step, a sharp, hot 					pain boiled within him. When he stumbled, the girl’s hands deserted her face and 					slid around his neck and choked off even more of his air supply.

				He kept moving.

				In his mind he was rushing, but it seemed as if it were taking 					forever to get out of the apartment. His heart pounded above the roar and 					crackle of the surrounding fire, so much so that he fleetingly wondered whether 					the over-active muscle was about to give out.

				They had made it to the apartment’s entrance when darkness 					encroached on the edges of his vision. In the building’s hallway, flames 					blanketed the walls.

				He kept moving.

				A greasy sweat coated his face and dripped into his eyes as he 					headed toward the staircase. Suddenly, the child felt as if she weighed a ton 					and his legs threatened to buckle beneath him. He swore he heard shingles 					popping, rafters creaking and windows exploding all around. They probably only 					had seconds before the ceiling caved in on them.

				They weren’t going to make it.

				He was going to fail this beautiful little girl because the 					pain in his back and legs was unbearable now. As if sensing his surrender, the 					child tightened her hold and started to sob.

				Don’t give up. Keep moving.

				Lincoln wasn’t sure if those were his thoughts or if the child 					was transferring her own by a strange form of telepathy. Miraculously, he was 					still moving, but he felt dismally inadequate.

				He heard a voice—a familiar one—calling his name. Out of the 					roiling smoke, a miracle appeared in full uniform. Before he could respond or 					react, a painful muscle spasm forced his legs to give up the fight.

				They were falling.

				* * *

				Flex blinked back his shock, but managed to catch the 					brutal force of two falling bodies like a seasoned linebacker. After a few 					seconds of adjustment, he carried Lincoln over his shoulder and the child on his 					hip. Being a man with great strength and endurance, Flex trekked back down the 					stairs, dodging falling plaster, flaming bits of wood and churning shrouds of 					black smoke.

				In no time at all, Flex made good on his promise and returned 					to his men and the cold December night.

				“Somebody get me a paramedic,” he shouted and set the child 					down on the ground first.

				“Ariel!”

				“Nana!”

				A woman raced forward and enfolded the child into her arms. “My 					beautiful baby. I thought I’d lost you forever.”

				Flex’s heart warmed as he watched the scene from the corner of 					his eyes and lowered Lincoln’s tall body onto the cold ground. Paramedics 					swarmed and took over his fallen brother’s care.

				He followed them until they loaded Lincoln into the ambulance 					and closed the door.

				Fire Chief Harold Zahn pounded a heavy hand against Flex’s 					back. “That was a pretty gutsy thing you did in there. You garnered a lot of 					respect from your new brothers.”

				Flex turned toward his superior’s ruddy features with a lazy 					smile. “We all do what we can at L-1492, sir.”

				Chief Zahn’s emerald gaze twinkled at him. “That might be true, 					but I have a feeling I’ll be seeing great things from you.”

				“Thank you, sir. Your confidence is overwhelming.”

				“Well, it’s sure going to be interesting around here seeing how 					you just rescued the department’s superman. He might wake up with a bruised ego. 					Be prepared.”

				Flex nodded. “Thanks for the warning.”





		 			 				Chapter 2

				Peyton Garner joined three of her four 					older sisters at their usual hangout, the Peppermill restaurant. It was a nice 					cozy spot in the middle of San Jose and convenient to all of their jobs and 					homes. The two oldest, Sheldon and Frankie, were married; Michael, who was 					absent, was engaged; and the two youngest, Joey and Peyton, were single.

				Actually, Peyton was newly divorced.

				“I’m so sick of metrosexual men I could scream,” Peyton said 					with a frustrated sigh. She jabbed her fork into her salad. “Just once I would 					like to date someone who knows something about cars other than how much they 					cost. Dennis and I were driving to Carmel last weekend and his car got a flat 					tire. This fool starts looking at me like I’m Rosie the Riveter or 					something.”

				Sheldon Casey, the oldest sister, leaned over and patted 					Peyton’s arm. “Poor thing. What did you do?”

				“I changed the damn flat. What else was I going to do?”

				The girls snickered.

				“It’s not funny.” Peyton lowered her fork and crossed her arms. 					“I can’t remember the last time I dated a man who knew how to get under the hood 					of a car without worrying about messing up his manicure, and that includes my 					ex-husband.”

				“I have to agree with Peyton,” Joey piped in. “I think you two 					married the last of a dying breed.”

				“Oh, come on,” Frankie cut in and waved her Harry Winston 					diamond wedding ring with a playful air. “There are plenty of good men out 					there.”

				“I’m not saying that a metrosexual man isn’t a good man. I’m just saying that I can’t tell the 					difference between dating them and dating women.”

				Sheldon laughed. “If you can’t tell, then maybe the problem is 						you.”

				“Ha-ha.” Peyton leaned back and crossed her arms. “Don’t get me 					wrong, it’s great that men can open up and talk about their ‘feelings,’ but they 					still need to know how to use a basic tool set. I’m tired of men who drink 					cappuccinos or fruity daiquiris. I want a scotch-on-the-rocks type of man.”

				Sheldon smiled. “And who takes his coffee—”

				“Black.” Peyton shrugged. “Okay, maybe sugar, but definitely no 					cream.”

				Her sisters erupted with laughter.

				Peyton bobbed her head and rolled her hands to encourage her 					sisters to get it out of their systems. “Laugh if you want, but I want a manly 					man. Someone who knows how to repair the roof and install a toilet, for Pete’s 					sake.”

				“Do you also want him to club you over the head and keep you 					barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen?” Sheldon admonished.

				“You’re a fine one to talk,” Peyton snickered. “You’ve never 					worked a day in your life and when is baby number four due?”

				“She has you there,” Joey said.

				Sheldon simply rolled her eyes, while her sisters laughed. 					“Hey, I can’t help it if I’m fertile.”

				“Or that you two screw like rabbits,” Frankie amended, and then 					held up her glass.

				“Amen.” Peyton and Joey clinked their glasses against 					Frankie’s.

				“I’m surrounded by haters.” Sheldon laughed and refused to join 					them in their toast. “If a handyman is what you want, then why don’t you just 					hang out at Home Depot and reel them in?”

				“They’re all married,” Peyton and Joey said in unison, and then 					snickered at each other.

				“Okay, then there has to be a step that you two are missing,” 					Frankie concluded.

				“Tell me about it,” Peyton said and took a sip of her drink. 					“You know the old saying that a man wants a lady on his arm and a freak in the 					bedroom?”

				Her sisters nodded.

				“Well, I want a man who can pay for the house and fix it when 					it breaks down. Is that too much to ask for?”

				“I take it your ex didn’t know how to install a toilet?”

				“Please, Ricky didn’t know how to screw in a lightbulb.”

				“I never knew what you saw in Ricky, anyway. He was damn near 					forty and was still trying to be the next Tupac.”

				“It’s hard trying to break into the music business,” Peyton 					defended.

				Sheldon’s smile tightened. “The man needed a better backup plan 					than simply marry a sugar mama.”

				Frankie and Joey sucked in a breath.

				Peyton slowly inhaled and counted to ten before she responded. 					“I was not Ricky’s sugar mama.” The minute the words were out of her mouth, she 					felt foolish. Of course she was. She was married for three years and the man 					didn’t have a job the entire time. She rolled her eyes. “Scratch that.”

				Her sisters laughed.

				Frankie leaned over and wrapped a supportive arm around 					Peyton’s shoulder. “You conquered the first step.”

				“Whatever. I might be the only divorcee in the family, but I 					tell you what, it certainly prepared me for what I don’t want in a man.”

				Sheldon held up her glass. “Here’s to Peyton finding the man of 					her dreams.”

				The girls lifted their glasses. “Hear! Hear!”

				* * *

				“You saved my life, man.” Lincoln stretched out his hand 					to Flex from his hospital bed. “I owe you big time.”

				“Not bad for a new guy, eh?” Flex’s meaty arm pumped Lincoln’s 					hand with remarkable strength. “I heard you have to do rehab for a while. That 					sucks.”

				“Hey, if it means I don’t have to run into burning buildings 					for a while, I’m all for it.” Lincoln laughed and then winced in pain. “Enough 					about me, Mr. Hero. Omar was in here earlier showing me your mug shot splashed 					across the morning paper. Hell, they didn’t even get my name spelled right.”

				Flex looked uncomfortable with the praise. “It’s all in a day’s 					work, right?”

				“So true. I also heard you caught Chief Zahn’s attention. 					That’s not a small thing, buddy.”

				“Damn. Was the National Enquirer in 					here this morning?”

				“News travels fast in the department.”

				“I see that,” Flex said.

				Lincoln smiled but had a hard time maintaining it. “How long 					you’ve been doing this?”

				“I don’t know.” Flex lowered himself into a chair next to the 					bed. “Almost eight years.”

				“Most of those in California?”

				“Yeah. My old man is the chief of my old precinct.”

				“Ah, following in the old man’s footsteps?”

				He nodded, but dropped his gaze.

				Lincoln understood. “Me, too. I’m a third-generation 					firefighter. Of course, I have a few uncles and cousins in the game, too. It’s 					crazy.”

				Flex flashed him a noncommittal smile.

				“Can I share something with you?” Lincoln asked and then made a 					quick glance over at the door.

				“Sure.”

				He hesitated. Until now he’d never uttered the words he was 					about to say to anyone and they came with a high degree of guilt. “I’m thinking 					about hanging up my hat, man.”

				A frown hung on to Flex’s broad features. “C’mon, Linc.”

				“Nah. I’ve been thinking about this way before last night. If 					anything, it just confirms my suspicions.”

				“Suspicions?”

				Lincoln drew a breath and hated what he had to say. “I don’t 					have it anymore. I’ve been doing this for eighteen years.” He shook his head. 					“I’m tired of tasting soot and smelling smoke in my dreams. It’s no way to 					live.

				“It’s not that I don’t know the danger, I do. And for years I 					looked danger in the eye and laughed. I challenged it.” He met his friend’s 					gaze. “But lately, every fire seems to be calling my name.”

				Flex folded his arms and considered him. “I haven’t known you 					long, but I never would’ve thought that you battled 					with fear.”

				“Don’t you?”

				“Yes, but between you and me, not too many men would admit it. 					Myself included.”

				Lincoln turned reflective and suddenly he wasn’t sure of 					anything. He loved his job. He’d dreamed of being a firefighter since he was a 					kid. So what was he talking about?

				“Don’t sweat it, Linc. You want this between us, then it will 					stay between us. But if you want my opinion, I don’t think you mean any of 					this.”

				Lincoln nodded. “Yeah. You’re right. I probably just got 					spooked.”

				“It’s been known to happen. Ask any old-timer.” Flex leaned 					back in his chair. “I know it happened to me once.”

				“Really?” Lincoln considered him. “When?”

				Flex shrugged. “A few months back. Just before my transfer went 					through. It was a pretty bad warehouse fire. I had the whole 					life-flashing-before-my-eyes thing happen. Hell, I’d forgotten I cheated on a 					third grade social studies test.”

				Lincoln laughed. “Well, I didn’t quite experience that.”

				“Good. That must mean you can go into heaven with a clear 					conscience.”

				“Oh, I don’t know about that.” Lincoln shifted against his 					piles of pillows beneath him. His mind immediately rifled through the scores of 					women he’d dated. The relationships’ inevitable doom were, more times than not, 					his fault. However, every lady in his past took a piece of his heart when she 					walked out of the door.

				“I’ll be damned. Are you blushing?”

				Lincoln jerked from his thoughts, but then slid on a sly grin. 					“Women,” he confessed. “I think they’re the one thing I want to understand 					before the good Lord takes me out of here.”

				“Hell, I could help you there.” Flex laughed. “I have so much 					estrogen flowing through my family that I suffer from PMS by default.”

				“Sisters?”

				“Five of them.”

				Lincoln’s eyes widened. “Damn, you aren’t kidding. Any 					brothers?”

				“Nope. I’m the baby.”

				Lincoln laughed as his gaze took in Flex’s Herculean physique 					and had a hard time associating the word baby with 					him in any shape, form or fashion. Just as quickly, Lincoln’s active imagination 					slapped a wig, a dress and some lipstick on his friend, and then multiplied the 					image by five. He was horrified by the results.

				“So if you ever need help with women,” Flex continued, “feel 					free to ask.”

				Lincoln shuddered. “Yeah, I’ll do that.”

				“All right.” Flex shrugged. “If you want to continue to crash 					and burn, that’s your prerogative.”

				“If you’re so knowledgeable, how come there isn’t a ring around 					your finger?”

				The smile vanished from Flex’s lips as he glanced down at his 					bare finger.

				Sensing that he’d struck a raw nerve, Lincoln immediately tried 					to make amends. “Hey, man. Sorry, I didn’t mean to put my nose where it doesn’t 					belong.”

				Flex waved off the apology and quickly returned the smile to 					his lips. “Nah, nah. It’s all right. I mean, you had no way of knowing, but I 					was in a long-term relationship. Ten years to be exact.”

				“Really?” Lincoln crossed his arms in amazement. Other than the 					old-timers in the department, he couldn’t think of one of his buddies who had 					been in a relationship that long. Ten years might as well have been fifty years. 					“What happened?”

				Flex shrugged. “I didn’t listen to my sisters.”

				“Ah.” Lincoln nodded. “They didn’t like her?”

				Flex’s smile strained. “Something like that.” He looked 					reflective before he spoke again. “There’s a lot of good things about surviving 					in a family of women, and a lot of not so good things. One being subjected to 					five different opinions about everything.”

				Lincoln jumped in excitedly. “See? That’s what I’m saying. I’m 					convinced that there are no two women alike. You go through one relationship, 					trying to incorporate what you’ve learned during the last relationship, and that 					woman turns out to be the total opposite of the last girl. I had this one woman 					dump me because I built this big mahogany bookcase instead of buying her jewelry 					for her birthday. It’s maddening. Which means more—something you just pick out 					in a store or something that took you six weeks to build?”

				Flex’s laugh returned. “You are lost, huh?”

				“Lost? Hell, I’m just about ready to give up.”

				“Don’t tell me that you’re going to swing the other way.”

				“Ooh, no.” Lincoln rolled his eyes. “I’m one hundred percent a 					ladies’ man, but I might have to give up the notion of settling down. It seems 					the harder I try, the worse things turn out.”

				“I guess that goes to prove that you can never judge a book by 					its cover.” Flex swept a hand toward him. “Looking at you, I would never have 					thought you had trouble attracting women.”

				“Whoa, whoa.” Lincoln held up his hands. “I never said that I 					had trouble attracting women. It’s the right woman I’m talking about. Women say 					that they want a nice guy, but the minute they meet one, suddenly they want a 					thug. It’s crazy.”

				“Maybe you’re trying too hard.”

				He thought it over for a moment. “You think so?”

				“Could be.” Flex shrugged. “I mean, what’s the rush, anyway? 					How old are you?”

				“Thirty-nine.”

				“There you go. Warren Beatty didn’t hang up his playa shoes 					until he was staring down the barrel at sixty. Besides, my sister Peyton always 					says that she can sense desperation in a man.”

				“Really?” Lincoln frowned. “Wait a minute. Your sister’s name 					is Peyton?”

				Flex rolled his eyes. “I have a Sheldon, Frankie, Michael, Joey 					and a Peyton.” He shrugged. “My father kept hoping for a boy.”

				“And when he finally got one, he named you Flex?”

				“Not exactly.” Flex shifted in his chair. “Flex is sort of a 					nickname I gave myself when I was a wrestler in high school.”

				“Mind if I ask?”

				He hesitated.

				“I promise, it won’t leave this room.” Lincoln crossed his 					heart. “If you want to know the truth, Lincoln isn’t my name, either.”

				“Really?”

				“Nope. Bill collectors call me Trey Carver. My friends dubbed 					me Lincoln.” He shrugged. “When I was fifteen I snuck out of the house and took 					my father’s brand-new Lincoln for a cruise around the neighborhood. Problem was, 					it never made it back home.”

				Flex winced. “You wrecked it?”

				Lincoln nodded. “Wrapped it around a pole and knocked out all 					the electricity in the neighborhood. When my father was through with me, I 					couldn’t sit down for a week. From that day forth my friends called me Lincoln. 					It started off as a joke, but it stuck.” He glanced back at his friend. “So 					spill it. What’s your real name?”

				Flex huffed and then mumbled, “It’s Francis. Francis Marion 					Adams.”





		 			 				Chapter 3

				Peyton rushed through the door of her 					apartment ready to pass out from the pain in her feet from wearing her brand-new 					Prada shoes. Sprinting to the living room, she collapsed on her plush 					cream-and-gold sofa not a minute too soon.

				“I love you, but you have got to go.” She peeled her babies off 					and sighed with relief as blood rushed back into her toes. However, that was the 					high cost of beauty.

				The phone rang and she moaned in disgust before she reached 					over and picked up the cordless from the end table. “Hello.”

				“Hey, Peyton, it’s me.”

				“Me who?” she asked, frowning. All the women in the family 					tended to sound alike.

				“Me, Michael.” Her sister had the nerve to be annoyed. “Have 					you talked to Flex today?”

				“Can’t say that I have. Why?”

				“Well, I was on the web today and I ran across his picture on a 					news site.”

				Concern squeezed Peyton’s heart. “Is he all right? Did 					something happen?”

				“Yes and yes. According to the papers he’s fine, but he’s being 					hailed as a hero for saving a little girl and one of his colleagues from an 					apartment fire. Can you believe it?”

				“Really?” Peyton’s shoulders slumped with relief, but she 					pulled herself up and limped all the way to her home office. “He’s been in 					Atlanta for three months and he’s already a hero. That’s fantastic.”

				“Dad is going to be thrilled when I tell him. Who knows? It 					might even salve some of the hurt feelings he has over Flex transferring to 					another state.”

				Peyton booted up her computer. “I’m surprised you didn’t call 					him first.”

				“I tried, but it’s poker night.”

				“Shame on you. How could you ever forget that?” Peyton teased, 					and in no time she was surfing the web. She found an article with a picture of 					her brother smiling and her heart swelled with pride. “I sure do miss him,” she 					said, forgetting that she still had the phone tucked under her ear.

				“I know what you mean. We should plan a trip to go out and see 					him.”

				“What, the whole family?”

				“If not, at least a few of us. Heck, we could go in turns. 					That’s the best way to keep an eye on him.”

				Peyton shook her head as she pressed her print button. “I seem 					to remember him saying that he wanted to get away from our constant 					nosying.”

				“Whose nosying?” Michael’s voice rose an octave. “We’re just 					checking on him. Besides, Flex needs to learn that it’s not healthy to run away 					from his problems.”

				“He’s not running. He just needs a break.”

				“From us or from Morgan?”

				“Look, just because their relationship ended—”

				“Cut me a break, Peyton. You’re starting to sound like Flex’s 					parrot instead of one of us. Put the pieces together. He asked for that transfer 					within days of their breakup.”

				“Well, they were together for ten years.”

				“So he moves away. He hardly calls any of us and for the first 					time in his entire life he won’t be with the family for Christmas. Someone 					should go and be with him. I don’t like the idea of him being alone for the 					holidays.”

				Peyton frowned. She hadn’t really thought about this apparently 					as much as Michael had. “Maybe you’re right.”

				“Of course I’m right. So why don’t you go?”

				Peyton nearly choked. “What? Why me?”

				“What, you’re not concerned anymore?”

				“Well, sure I am, but—”

				“But nothing. You and Joey are the most flexible. Neither of 					you is married—”

				“Neither are you.”

				“Don’t be silly. I’m engaged. It’s the same as being married. I 					tell you, you should consider yourself lucky. You don’t have to juggle trying to 					see two different families anymore.”

				Peyton rolled her eyes, but didn’t have the heart to remind 					Michael that she’d been engaged for nearly four 					years now. “Then Joey should go. I have way too much work to do during the 					holidays. Three of my artists are having major shows in January. No way I can 					just pick up and travel to the other side of the country right now.”

				“Sure you can. You and Joey should both go. Frankie and I could 					probably go in the spring and we can give Sheldon and her husband the honor of 					going in the summer.”

				“You’ve already talked this over with them, haven’t you?”

				A long pause hung on the phone line before Peyton rolled her 					eyes and leaned back in her chair. “You know how much I hate it when you plan 					things behind my back.”

				“Oh, chill out. No need to get your panties in a bunch. Either 					you want to do this or you don’t.”

				“Thanks for asking— I don’t. I mean, what if Flex doesn’t want 					me there?”

				“That’s a very good point,” Michael conceded.

				“Thank you.”

				“Which is why we’re not going to tell him.”

				A red flag flashed before Peyton’s eyes. “Whoa. Bad idea. If he 					gets mad about my sudden appearance, then I’ll be the one he’ll take it out on. 					No, I say this is your idea and you should go. I’ll take spring duty with 					Frankie.”

				“Peyton—”

				“Michael,” she snapped back in the same impatient tone. “We 					need to let Flex live his own life. If he doesn’t want to come home for 					Christmas, then we need to respect that.”

				“Flex doesn’t know how to ask for help. You know that. He’s too 					busy acting like nothing ever bothers him. This Morgan thing has really crushed 					him and I’m surprised that you’re buying into his denial act.”

				Peyton sighed, but she did believe that Flex ran to Atlanta to 					get away from the pain of ending a long relationship. Maybe he shouldn’t be 					alone for the holidays. Hadn’t she heard somewhere that the suicide rate 					skyrocketed around these times?

				“I tell you what. I’ll call him and get a feel for his state of 					mind. If I sense that he’s lonely or miserable, then I’ll go. If not, then I 					think we should respect his wishes.”

				Her sister didn’t respond.

				“Take it or leave it, Michael.”

				“Fine. I’ll take it. But dig deep, Peyton. He always has been 					able to pull the wool over your eyes.”

				“Fine.”

				“Call me back and tell me everything he says.”

				“Michael—”

				“That’s the condition,” Michael insisted.

				“All right. You have a deal,” Peyton finally agreed.

				* * *

				Lincoln tried everything he could to reach the ungodly 					itch that was in the center of his plastered leg, but nothing was working. He 					thought about buzzing a nurse and begging her for a coat hanger of some kind, 					yet in the end he figured he would come across as being a baby about the whole 					thing.

				Just don’t think about it, he told 					himself, and tried to lie still.

				“Is the leg still killing you?” Flex asked, returning to his 					room and carrying two sodas. He handed one over to Lincoln. “Sorry, but the 					vending machine doesn’t carry Heineken.”

				“Thanks.” Lincoln accepted the can and set it down on the desk 					beside his bed. “You wouldn’t happen to have a coat hanger on you, do you?”

				“I knew I forgot to bring something.” Flex laughed. “Hey, you 					mind if I hit the can before I head out?”

				“Nah, knock yourself out.” He wiggled a finger into his cast, 					certain that this time he was going to reach his itch.

				Flex just shook his head at Lincoln’s antics and stepped into 					his bathroom. No sooner had he closed the door did a shrill ring fill the 					room.

				Lincoln looked over at the table and spotted Flex’s cell phone. 					“Hey, it’s your phone, Francis.”

				“Not funny,” Flex called out. “Can you answer it? I’m expecting 					a call from my landlady.”

				“No problem.” Lincoln leaned over onto his side and picked up 					the phone. “Yellow,” he greeted with more chirpiness than he felt.

				Silence greeted him.

				He tried again. “Hello.”

				A female’s lyrical voice came onto the line. “Hello, Flex?”

				“No, actually I’m, uh, a friend of Flex’s.” Lincoln glanced 					over at the bathroom door. “Flex is, uh, sort of indisposed at the moment. Can I 					take a message?”

				“A friend of Flex’s?” the woman 					asked.

				Lincoln frowned. “Yes, I am. Are you the landlady?”

				“Oh, no.” The woman suddenly sounded excited. “I’m Peyton, 					Flex’s sister.”

				“Ah, Peyton. Yes, your brother told me about you.” He smiled, 					quite taken with the sound of the woman’s voice. “Yeah, he told me all 					about…let’s see, uh, Sheldon, Frankie, Michael, Joey and Peyton. Am I 					right?”

				“Wow. That’s pretty good.” She laughed. “Well, this is great. 					He’s moved to Atlanta and has already met a new…friend.”

				Lincoln laughed. “I’m sure I’m not the only one. A man like 					your brother won’t have any trouble in that department.”

				“Yeah, he’s quite a guy.” Her voice sounded full of pride. “You 					like him?”

				“Like him? Hell, after last night, he could never do any wrong 					by me.”

				“Oh, that’s great. The girls will be happy to hear that 					he’s…moved on.” She sighed and he could hear her relax. “We were sort of worried 					when he left. He had just, uh—”

				“Oh, the bad relationship thing.” Lincoln nodded. “Yeah, he 					told me all about it.”

				“He told you?”

				“Yeah, ten years.” Lincoln shook his head. “It’s a shame, but 					you know he seems like he’s ready to get his feet wet again. I’m just the person 					to push him along.”

				“This is great.” She laughed. “And here my sisters were trying 					to convince me to fly out and surprise him for Christmas.”

				“Well, you should.” Lincoln sat up. “I would love to meet some 					of his family.” Peyton in particular, he thought. From the bathroom, he heard 					the toilet flush and then the sudden spray of water from the sink.

				“You would? You don’t think Flex would mind?”

				“Why should he? He has had nothing but good things to say to me 					about you girls.”

				“That’s good to know. I have to see if I can work it into my 					schedule, but if I don’t come this month I’m sure I’ll make it there in the near 					future.”

				“Sounds good.”

				“Great, er, hmm, I’m sorry. I didn’t catch your name.”

				“It’s Trey, but my friends call me—”

				“Trey. Hmm, that’s a nice name. Well, it’s been good talking 					with you. Hopefully, I’ll see you soon.”

				“You got it.”

				The bathroom door opened and Lincoln disconnected the call.

				“Who was it?” Flex asked.

				Lincoln tossed him the phone and gave him a wide smile. “It was 					a wrong number.”

				* * *

				Peyton jumped to her feet and performed a victory dance, 					despite her sore feet, in the middle of the room before she called her sister 					Michael.

				“You’ll never guess who I just talked to,” she squealed.

				Michael’s voice perked with excitement. “Who?”

				“Flex’s new boyfriend.”





		 			 				Chapter 4

				“What?” Michael’s voice leaped a few 					octaves. “He already has a new boyfriend? Are you sure?”

				“A man answered his cell phone and introduced himself as Flex’s 					new friend.” Peyton plopped back onto her sofa. “And 					that’s not all. He sounded sexy as hell.”

				“Now that’s funny. Our baby brother’s been back on the market a 					couple of months and he’s able to find a man before you.”

				“Ha, ha, ha.” Peyton rolled her eyes at the barb. “This is a 					good sign, don’t you think?”

				“I don’t know. It’s sort of soon, don’t you think? What else 					did the guy say?”

				Peyton tried to recall the conversation. “He said that Flex 					could do no wrong and that he knew all about us— Oh, he also knew about 					Morgan.”

				“Flex told him about Morgan?”

				“Yeah. This is great news, we need to get the other girls on 					the phone.”

				“I agree.”

				After performing a series of conference calls, all the sisters 					were on the phone. Peyton quickly told them about her conversation with Trey and 					the line was abuzz with squeals and laughter.

				“Do you think he knew this guy before he left California?” 					Sheldon asked. “I mean, it’s sort of fast, don’t you think? Flex isn’t the type 					to move so quickly.”

				“You know, I was just thinking the same thing,” Frankie cut in. 					“It would make sense if he knew this guy before he left.”

				“And how would he have met him before he left?” Joey asked.

				“There’s all sorts of ways,” Sheldon said with strained 					patience. “Oh, what if he’d met him online? I hear the internet is the new 					singles bar of the millennium.”

				“An internet hookup?” Peyton drummed her fingers against her 					lips. “I met someone online once.”

				“When?” Four voices replied in unison.

				Why did she open her big mouth? “It was a few months ago. We 					only met for drinks. No big deal.”

				“No big deal? What happened?” Michael demanded.

				“Nothing. The guy was a total loser. He weighed about a hundred 					pounds more than he said, he wore a bad toupee and he still lived at home with 					his mother.”

				The girls gasped, and then filled the line with, “You poor 					thing,” and, “He could have been a mass murderer.”

				“It was just that one time,” Peyton reminded them. “But I tell 					you, this Trey guy sounded hot. I mean he had this deep, smooth baritone going 					on. If he’s half as good-looking as he sounds, Flex has to be in hog 					heaven.”

				“I think we should find out more about his guy,” Frankie 					interjected. “The idea of Flex meeting some stranger on the internet and 					uprooting his whole life to be with this man isn’t sitting too well with 					me.”

				“I have to agree,” Sheldon chimed in. “This doesn’t sound like 					Flex. He hasn’t so much as hinted that there was someone new in his life.”

				“Then why would this guy be answering his cell phone?” Peyton 					asked. “And when I asked him if he liked Flex, he said that after last night, 					Flex could do no wrong.”

				“Sounds like a love connection to me,” Joey agreed. “I’m happy 					for him. He deserves it after that creep Morgan.”

				“I thought he was putting out a fire last night,” Michael 					said.

				“That was early this morning or maybe this guy likes dating 					someone who gets their name in the paper. How should I know?”

				“I still think someone should go there and check this dude 					out,” Michael insisted.

				“I’m going,” Peyton said. “Trey invited me down. He claimed 					that he wanted to meet some of Flex’s family.”

				“Trey,” Frankie repeated. “I don’t know if I like that name. It 					sounds—slick. He isn’t a playa, is he?”

				“Seems like I heard that name recently,” Michael mused.

				Peyton rolled her eyes. “I like it. It sounds sexy.”

				“The article,” Michael said. “Wasn’t Trey something or another 					the name of the other firefighter Flex rescued?”

				Peyton rushed over to the article she’d printed. Her eyes 					scanned down the page until she read the name. “You’re right. It says so right 					here that ‘Firefighter Flex Adams raced back into the burning apartment building 					in search of his missing colleague and returned within minutes with Fire 					Lieutenant Trey Carter draped over his shoulder and six-year-old Ariel Porter in 					his arms. When asked why he risked his life after everyone had cleared out of 					the building, Mr. Adams smiled and said that Lieutenant Carter is important to 					me and the men at Local 1492. I would risk my life for him any day of the 					week.’”

				Peyton and her sisters sighed and cooed, “Oh, how 					romantic.”

				* * *

				“What do you mean it was the wrong number?” Flex said, 					flipping open his phone. “I heard you in here talking.”

				Lincoln smiled.

				Flex read the name of his last caller from his cell’s screen 					ID. “Peyton called?”

				“Damn technology.” Lincoln laughed. “Yeah, she called, and if 					you don’t mind me saying, she sounds pretty hot. Is she dating anybody?”

				“I thought we agreed that you weren’t jumping back into the 					dating scene so soon.”

				“Did I say that?” Lincoln frowned. “I don’t remember that.”

				Flex just laughed and walked around the empty chair to grab his 					leather jacket. “I’m heading out. You make sure you take care of yourself and 					try not to drive the nurses crazy.”

				“Ah, you’re going to leave me hangin’ like that? I wanted to 					know some more about your sister.”

				“Forget about it,” Flex said, heading to the door. “If you date 					one sister, then you’re dating all five of them. Trust me, you’re not ready for 					that kind of aggravation.”

				“Hey!”

				“Catch you later.” Flex waved and then left the room.

				“Fine. Be that way, Francis!” 					Lincoln laughed and then fell back on the bed pillows. But within seconds the 					itch on his leg grew worse and he had to finally call a nurse for help.

				Never being a television sort of person, Lincoln quickly grew 					restless. It was hours after he finished his hospital dinner when his best 					friend, Tyrone Ellis, finally paid him a visit.

				“Hey, Dog. I thought that you would never get here.”

				“What can I say? I had to come and check on my boy, right?” 					Tyrone’s face lit up as the men’s hands slapped together. “I have to admit I 					thought I’d never see this day. Badass Lincoln Carver, a man able to leap 					burning buildings in a single bound, is laid up in the hospital.”

				“Yeah, me, too. Guess I’m going to have to retire my blue 					tights, huh?”

				Tyrone, a short man of five-two, slid into the empty chair 					beside Lincoln’s bed. “I read what happened in the newspaper, Carter. I don’t know how you continue to eat smoke for 					a living, but—”

				“Since when is being a cop a safer job?” Flex cut him off 					before his friend could get going. “How many times have you been shot at this 					year?”

				“Are we including the shots fired by my ex-girl?”

				Lincoln shook his head. “Face it. There’s something wrong with 					both of us.”

				“You might have a point there.” Tyrone leaned back in his chair 					and looked his friend over. “So who’s the dude that pulled you out?”

				“New guy. Name is Flex Adams. Don’t know too much about him, 					but he seems like a decent guy. I’m thinking about asking him to join us and the 					guys next Thursday.”

				“A new inductee to poker night? Wow, this guy must have made 					some impression on you. We haven’t had a new guy since our days at 					Morehouse.”

				“He saved my ass. As far as I’m concerned you can’t make a 					better impression.”

				“Good point. I’ll let the guys know.”

				“Plus,” Lincoln added, “I have another agenda.”

				Tyrone’s brows rose inquisitively. “A woman?”

				Lincoln nodded. “You know me so well.”

				* * *

				Flex entered his apartment, happy to be home for the 					next forty-eight hours. The first thing he wanted to do was call his family—let 					them know how he was doing; however, a part of him wasn’t up for the task.

				He loved his family. Truly, he did, but being the youngest of 					six children came with a heavy price. His career moves, financial decisions and 					personal relationships were all open for discussion at family meeting and 					gatherings. Everyone, in their own loving way, had 					an opinion about what was going on in his life.

				Which was why when he decided to move two thousand miles away 					from his family, the grumbling was probably heard clear over in China. Though 					his family was one variable in the equation—ending a ten-year relationship was 					the other.

				“Everyone needs a fresh start,” he mumbled and headed toward 					the kitchen. No sooner had he grabbed a beer than his phone rang. Undoubtedly, 					it was one of his sisters. He reentered the living room to hear his answering 					machine tell the caller to leave a message at the beep.

				“Flex, it’s me—Morgan. If you’re there, pick up.”

				Flex froze in the center of the room.

				“Well, I just read an article about you and I was worried. When 					you get this message, please give me a call. All right. Bye.”

				Minutes passed before Flex shook off his stupor and took a swig 					from his beer, however, it wasn’t enough to dull his senses, so he drained the 					bottle with one long chug. When that didn’t help, he decided to stay busy by 					hanging the rest of his pictures up on the wall. But no matter what he did, 					Morgan’s voice floated through his mind. How did he get 						this number? What makes him think I want to talk to him?

				Flex took a shower and then grabbed another beer. And still he 					was obsessed over Morgan. He kept drinking while his thoughts chased each other. 					Though Flex considered himself a strong man, physical strength failed to give 					him the tools to handle emotional abuse—and Morgan Ramsey wrote the book on head 					games.

				When the room began to spin, Flex collapsed onto his monstrous 					king-size bed. As he floated in an emotional stupor, he had a sudden urge to 					talk to someone—someone who understood better than anyone.

				“Hello.”

				“Hey, P.J., it’s me. Did I call at a bad time?”

				Peyton rolled over in bed and glanced at her clock. “Isn’t it 					two in the morning there?”

				“I don’t know. I—I can’t sleep.”

				She frowned at his slurred words and she sat up. “Is something 					wrong?”

				“No, no. It’s nothing like that. I…just—just.” He sighed. “I 					miss talking to you, that’s all.”

				Peyton knew something was definitely wrong. “You know I miss 					you around here. Sunday dinner hasn’t been the same since you left. Not to 					mention Dad— Well, we all miss you.”

				“How is Dad doing?”

				“He’s a little hurt, but you know he loves you, don’t you?”

				“Is that what he said?”

				“Do any of us have to say it?” she asked gently. “But maybe 					you…we shouldn’t have kept your secret for so long. I mean, I think he feels 					foolish for being the only one who didn’t know. That’s all.”

				A long pause hung over the line before Flex responded. “Maybe 					he just didn’t want to know.”

				“Perhaps you didn’t want to tell him,” she said, and then 					waited through another long silence. Peyton liked to think that her relationship 					with her brother was good. Especially since they were the last two in the clan. 					She tried her best not to fuss over him or put her nose where it didn’t belong. 					Mainly because she hated it when her sisters pried into her life. However, there 					were times, like now, when she wanted nothing more than to rattle the truth out 					of Flex. Why did he feel as if he had to run from the family, and why so 					far?

				“If there’s something really troubling you, you can talk to 					me,” she said, and then held her breath.

				“I know,” he said, but there had been a slight pause before he 					answered.

				She held the phone and listened to him breathe. Had there been 					a fight between him and this new guy? Or worse, had this Trey character told 					Flex that she was planning a surprise visit and he was trying to figure out a 					way to tell her not to come?

				“Morgan called here tonight,” he finally said.

				Peyton released the air pinned in her lungs. “Did you talk to 					him?”

				“I don’t have anything to say.”

				At the pain in her brother’s voice, she wanted to fold him in 					her arms. “He’s a jerk. Don’t let him get to you. Joey said that she saw him and 					his new boyfriend at the mall last week. Morgan went out of his way to stop her 					and ask how you were doing.”

				“Did she give him this number?” Flex snapped.

				“I don’t know. I don’t think that she would—”

				“Great. He probably thinks I left California with my tail 					tucked between my legs. Well, I’ve moved on. You make sure you tell him that the 					next time you see him.”

				“I will, I will,” she said, trying to placate him, while also 					trying to remove her foot from her mouth.

				“Yeah. And you tell him that my new man is ten times better 					looking than him.”

				“Got it. I’ll make him green with envy,” Peyton promised, and 					then decided to tread on shaky ground. “You know, you didn’t tell me that you 					had a new boyfriend.”

				“Huh?” Flex’s voice dropped. “Yeah, well, I do. And he’s the 					best thing that could ever have happened to me.”

				“Well, that’s great,” Peyton encouraged. “I’m happy for you. 					Who is he? When did you meet him?”

				“Huh? Oh, well, I, uh, met him here in Atlanta—at a club. He’s 					really a great guy.”

				Peyton frowned again. She was certain her brother was more than 					a little tipsy. “I still think it’s wonderful. What’s his name?”

				“His name?”

				She laughed. “He does have a name, doesn’t he?”

				“Of course he does. It’s, uh, T-Trey. Yeah, Trey—great guy. 					You’d love him.”

				Peyton smiled against the phone. “I love him already.”





		 			 				Chapter 5

				After spending more than twenty-four hours 					in the hospital, Lincoln was more than ready to go home. As he glanced out the 					window of his room at a beautiful Saturday morning, his mind filled with all the 					things he’d rather be doing—for instance, finishing his latest sculpture.

				He sighed. The one thing not too many people knew about Trey 					“Lincoln” Carver was that he was a closet artist. He had been bending and 					sculpting metal as a hobby for nearly twenty years. He didn’t know whether he 					was any good or not, but it definitely had a way of relaxing him.

				All of his life he loved to take things apart and put them 					together again. But sometime in his freshman year at college, he not only took 					things apart, he started to assemble them differently. It was fun—no, 					therapeutic—changing things, creating things.

				Once, he had made the mistake of showing his father one of his 					creations. “What the hell is it?” his father had thundered, and then erupted 					into laughter.

				“I don’t know. It’s an abstract.” Lincoln remembered wringing 					his hands. “I got some parts down at old man Cullers’s junkyard.”

				“It looks like something from the junkyard.” His father’s hard 					but amused gaze turned toward him. “Is this something they’re teaching you down 					at that expensive college—how to turn junk into more junk?”

				Lincoln blinked the painful memory away and swallowed a lump in 					his throat. No matter how many times he told himself that his father hadn’t 					meant to hurt him that day, he never got over it.

				After his morning breakfast, his longtime friends and poker 					buddies, Henry, Desmond and Walter, showed up.

				“I was wondering when you knuckleheads were going to get 					here.”

				Desmond snapped a picture of Lincoln propped up in bed. “You 					know we wouldn’t have missed this Kodak moment for anything in the world.” He 					laughed. “How have the nurses been treating you in here? Have you had a sponge 					bath yet?”

				The men laughed as Lincoln responded, “Get your mind out of the 					gutter.”

				“Hell, that’s the least they can do for the bill you’re about 					to get for being in this mutha,” Desmond said and scratched his bald and weirdly 					shaped head. “Am I right?”

				Walter frowned and pressed his wire-rimmed glasses to his face. 					“Don’t pay him any mind.”

				“When have I ever?” Lincoln asked.

				“How are they treating you?” Henry asked.

				“I can’t complain.”

				“What happened?” his friends asked in unison.

				Lincoln shrugged as he condensed what had happened. “Seems a 					beam fell and shattered my ankle. They put a metal plate in my ankle and 					promised me I should be as good as new in a few months.” He ended with a 					smile.

				The group’s expressions looked crushed with disappointment.

				“What does that mean for your firefighting career?” Walter 					asked sternly. He was an M.D. himself—actually, a gynecologist, which was the 					best kind of doctor, according to his friends.

				“I don’t know yet. I’m trying not to think about it.”

				“It wouldn’t be so bad if you took a desk job, would it?” Henry 					inquired. He being a paper pusher himself at the mayor’s office wouldn’t see 					anything wrong with that.

				“I don’t know if I’m cut out for that kind of work,” Lincoln 					admitted, but realized that his life was quickly approaching a crossroad. 					Admittedly, he was nervous about returning to a job that was proving more 					difficult as the years rolled by. But at the same time, it was all he knew.

				Desmond perked up. “Don’t worry about it. I’m sure you’ll be 					racing into another fire in no time. Granted, I don’t know why any sane person 					would want to do that, but who am I to judge?”

				A knock drew everyone’s attention to the door.

				Flex strolled inside with a wide grin, but Lincoln’s gaze fell 					to the bag from Burger King. “Please tell me that’s not what I think it is.”

				“I figured you might want some real food,” Flex said.

				“Boys,” Lincoln announced. “I’d like you to meet the man who 					saved my life—Flex Adams.”

				Flex set the food down on the table and shook hands with the 					gang as Lincoln introduced them one by one.

				“The mayor’s chief of staff?” Flex asked, pumping Henry’s 					hands. “That has to be an interesting job.”

				Henry’s chest puffed up with pride. “Well, I don’t want to 					brag.”

				“Of course he does,” Desmond cut in. “It’s what he does 					best.”

				“You know, Desmond works for the city, as well.” Henry slid his 					hands into his pockets. “Trash collection.”

				Unbelievably, Desmond’s midnight complexion darkened. “It’s a 					decent living, you—”

				“All right, guys,” Lincoln snapped, and rubbed his pulsing 					temples. “Let’s not fight today. This is a hospital, after all.”

				Flex looked as if he didn’t know whether to laugh or run.

				“Don’t worry,” Lincoln said, unwrapping his Whopper. “They’re 					like this all the time. You get used to it.” He held up his sandwich. “Good 					looking out.”

				“Don’t mention it. So when are you heading home?” Flex 					asked.

				“I’m going to try and make a prison break today. I have to get 					out of this bed.”

				“Wow. The crowd’s all here,” Tyrone said, bursting into the 					room and carrying Lincoln’s leather gym bag.

				Another round of handshakes and high fives ensued while Lincoln 					chomped on his burger. So far, it looked as if everyone was getting along—except 					for Henry and Desmond.

				“Linc tells us that you’re going to be our new buddy on poker 					night,” Tyrone said.

				“Oh?” Flex looked over at Lincoln.

				“Actually, bigmouth,” Lincoln admonished, “I haven’t asked him 					yet.” He met Flex’s stare. “Do you play?”

				“I might be a little rusty. When do you guys play?”

				“Thursdays. Of course, you being new at the department, you 					might not be able to get every Thursday off, but you’re more than welcome to 					join us any time.”

				Flex’s smile broadened. “Thanks, I just might take you up on 					that.”

				“That burger is looking pretty good,” Walter commented, and 					then his stomach growled to second the motion. “I’m going to head out and grab 					me something.”

				“Hey, I’m coming with you,” Desmond said.

				“I skipped breakfast,” Henry added.

				Before Lincoln knew it, his three stooges left with promising 					to return later.

				“Seems like a nice bunch of guys,” Flex said, crossing his 					arms. “How long have you all known each other?”

				“Too damn long,” Tyrone answered for Lincoln. “By the way, I 					swung by your house and picked up a change of clothes.”

				“Thanks, dog.”

				Tyrone frowned and crossed his arms. “Mind if I ask what is all 					that metal stuff in your spare room?”

				Lincoln stopped stuffing his mouth and cast a nervous glance 					around the room. “What?”

				“Those statues. Are you working on something?”

				Lincoln’s brain scrambled for an answer while he washed what he 					had in his mouth down with a swig of Coke.

				“It actually looked pretty cool,” Tyrone added.

				Stunned, Lincoln felt as if his brain had completely shut down. 					“You, uh, liked it?”

				“Yeah.” Tyrone bobbed his head. “You sure have a lot of them in 					there.”

				“You should see the attic and the garage.”

				Tyrone shrugged and then reached for one of Lincoln’s onion 					rings. “So what are they?”

				“Sculptures.” He decided to go with the truth. “I’ve been 					working on them for a little while.”

				“A little while? It looked like a small warehouse in 					there.”

				“You really liked them?” Lincoln 					smiled.

				“From what I saw they looked pretty cool. I never knew you were 					into that kind of thing. You ought to try and sell some of them.”

				“Sell them?” He laughed, but was intrigued by the thought, as 					well. “Who would want that junk?”

				“My sister always quotes that one man’s trash is another man’s 					treasure.” Flex jumped into the conversation. “Besides, have you seen what they 					called art nowadays?”

				A fusion of emotions assaulted Lincoln, but he was riding high 					over the fact that Tyrone actually liked his stuff. 					“I’ll look into it,” Lincoln announced. “Who knows? Maybe this is the beginning 					of a whole new chapter for me.”

				* * *

				Christmas came and went and Peyton was unable to make it 					to Atlanta. However, she did jet around the country for one art show after 					another. Working with museums and art dealers was a breeze. It was working with 						artists that usually drove her crazy.

				Her latest protégée, Kanji, was a brilliant painter and a 					brilliant pain in the ass. According to her, nothing was ever right—from hotel 					rooms to the kinds of questions that critics asked. But the paychecks kept a 					smile on Peyton’s face and an extra bounce in her step.

				Now it was the first day of spring and the first time she’d 					been in her office in San Jose since Valentine’s Day. Valentine’s Day. She rolled her eyes from just thinking about the 					crappy holiday.

				“Peyton,” Basil Rollé said, jumping up from behind Peyton’s 					desk. “I thought you weren’t coming back until tomorrow.”

				“I can see that.” Peyton smiled as she entered the room. 					“Getting a little too comfortable around here, are you?”

				Basil’s high-yellow complexion burned red from embarrassment. 					“Sorry about that. It’s just so much nicer in here,” she offered as an 					excuse.

				“I know. That’s why I chose it.” 					She laughed and settled into her chair. And as if she had a Lojack on her butt 					the phone rang.

				“Before you answer it, Kanji called twice this morning. She 					wants to come home.”

				“She just left for Tokyo yesterday.”

				“She says she’s homesick.” Basil folded her arms and forced a 					tight smile. “So, needless to say, Tae Zhao, the art director at the Meguro 					Museum of Art, has also phoned.”

				The call went to voice mail.

				Peyton drew a breath and popped the top off her grande 					cappuccino. “Kanji is giving me gray hair.”

				“Cornel Dyson has also been calling. He said that he couldn’t 					reach you on your cell.”

				“Dyson, really?” A faint smile hugged her lips at the thought 					of the ruggedly handsome…and married man.

				“I know what you mean.” Basil sighed with an equally wide 					smile. “All the good ones are taken.”

				“And a lot of the bad ones,” Peyton added with a wink and 					picked up the phone. By the second ring, Cornel Dyson’s whiskeylike voice filled 					the phone line.

				“Ah, P. J. Garner. What a breath of fresh air,” he praised.

				Peyton eased back in her chair and crossed her legs. “Mr. 					Dyson, I could say the same for you. I heard you’ve been looking for me.”

				“Yes, I have. It’s been about a week now. I take it the job is 					keeping you busy?”

				“Unfortunately. But hey, it pays the bills.”

				“That it does.” He snickered. “I called you because I have a 					referral for you. I mean, if you’re taking on new clients.”

				“A referral from the great Cornel? Mind if I ask why you’re not 					taking this artist on?”

				“I’d like to, but I really am working with a full roster.”

				Peyton took a sip of her coffee. Dyson had been her mentor in 					the business from day one. He represented the best of the best, and as far as 					she knew he was pretty stingy with his talent, so she didn’t really know what to 					make of a referral. If this person was Dyson quality, he would undoubtedly give 					up sleep to fit the person into his lineup.

				“I don’t know, Cornel,” she said, hedging. “Things are pretty 					busy around here, too.”

				“Hey, no pressure. Do you think you can at least squeeze in a 					meeting? You can just check out his portfolio and see if you like him.”

				She drew a deep breath and reached into her purse for her Palm 					Pilot. “When are we talking about?”

				“It’s up to you, but I do have to tell you this guy is on the 					East Coast.”

				“He knows how to hop a plane, doesn’t he?”

				Dyson laughed. “Most likely.”

				Peyton stared at her crammed calendar. “It’s not looking good. 					I’m packed all week and then I leave for New York on Friday. I have a show to 					attend on Saturday and then I’m on vacation for two weeks to visit my 					brother.”

				“How about he meets you in New York?”

				Peyton’s brows rose in surprise. “Does he live there?”

				“No, but I can make sure he gets there to meet with you. Are 					you interested?”

				Peyton sensed his determination. Maybe she should check this 					person out. “What the hell?” she finally said, and reached for a pen. “What’s 					the artist’s name?”

				“Carver,” Dyson said. “Lincoln Carver.”





		 			 				Chapter 6

				Peyton and Joey arrived in New York tired 					and irritable. After having survived airport security, crying babies and 					horrible airline food, all Peyton wanted to do was to sink into a nice warm bed. 					However, their nightmare of a trip wasn’t over yet.

				Joey’s luggage arrived okay, but Delta had no clue as to what 					part of the world Peyton’s new Louis Vuitton bags were headed.

				And still, it wasn’t over.

				The women piled into the first available taxi, and ended up 					with a driver whose English was highly suspect. He drove in circles through 					downtown New York pretending, in Peyton’s opinion, not to know where their hotel 					was located.

				Peyton glanced at the meter and performed a double take when 					she read seventy-two dollars. “We’re not paying you to be lost, Kareem,” Peyton 					thundered, catching on to the man’s game. “We’re not paying you any more than 					thirty dollars for this ride and we’re not getting out until you get us 					there.”

				Five minutes later, the cab stopped in front of New York 					Palace.

				“Sheesh. He was nothing but a crook,” Joey said, storming away 					from the cab.

				Peyton rolled her eyes. “I wonder how many people actually fall 					for that stunt.”

				“I hate to admit it, but I probably would have if you weren’t 					here.”

				Peyton shivered when a breeze whipped across her body. She 					tugged her coat tight and waited for the doorman to allow them entry.

				“I’m ready to change out of these clothes and hit the clubs,” 					Joey announced.

				“You have to be kidding me,” Peyton said, moaning. “I want to 					go to sleep.”

				“I heard the nightlife in this town is off the chain. We have 					to at least check out 2i’s.”

				“Girl, my feet are killing me and I don’t have anything to 					wear. Did you forget, the airline lost my luggage?” Peyton stopped at the 					check-in counter.

				A few minutes later, the girls walked into their beautiful room 					overlooking the city. As promised, Peyton dove for the nearest bed.

				“No, no, no.” Joey rushed over to her and tried to pull her off 					the bed. “I want to go dancing. You promised me before we came.”

				“Go away.”

				“C’mon, it’s Friday night and it’s 					New York,” she whined. “Who knows? We might even meet P.Diddy or somebody. We 					could end up at his place swimming in a bed of money.”

				Peyton tugged her arm back and rolled her eyes. “You have one 					hell of an imagination.” She sat up. “Besides, thanks to the friendly skies I 					don’t have anything to wear. I have to find time to go shopping before we head 					out to Atlanta on Monday.”

				“You know better than that.” Joey turned from the bed to grab 					her bags. “You can wear something of mine. Oh, what about that short silver 					number I bought just before we left?”

				“You mean those two strips of fabric? No, thanks. I’ll catch 					pneumonia and blow my meeting with this Carver dude.”

				“Work, work, work. That’s all you ever think of. No wonder you 					meet the same type of men. Stiff business suits or oversensitive artsy-fartsy 					men.”

				“Just give me the damn outfit. Anything will be better than 					listening to your hollow words of wisdom.” Peyton stood up from the bed.

				“Hollow?”

				Peyton lifted her sister’s left hand. “I don’t see any rings on 					your finger.”

				“I could’ve been married by now if I wanted to,” Joey said, 					lifting her chin. “Ryan Mendes asked me to marry him once.”

				“Yeah, back when you two were in grade school.”

				“A proposal is a proposal.” She proudly held up the silver 					dress.

				“Trust me. Marriage isn’t what it’s cracked up to be.”

				“It is when you take on a partner 					and not a dependent like Ricky.”

				Peyton bit back her retort and snatched the outfit. What was 					the point of arguing? They could easily be at it all night. Once she was in the 					shower, she mulled over how her sisters placed way too much value on being 					married.

				True, she would love to be in a good, loving relationship, but 					she wasn’t too sure if marriage would fit her lifestyle or her sense of 					independence. “Better not mention that to anyone,” she mumbled and shut off the 					water.

				For the next hour, she and Joey prepared to hit New York’s 					nightlife. However, she held little hope that her evening would be any better 					than her day. She was tired, hungry and showing more skin than was probably 					legal.

				“Damn, girl. You look hot.” Joey clapped her hands.

				“I look like I should be in a rap video,” Peyton corrected, but 					admitted inwardly that she did feel sexy in the skimpy number. “All right. Let’s 					just get this over with,” she huffed when Joey came out and performed a 					pirouette to show off her outfit. “It’s nine o’clock. I want to be back in bed 					by one.”

				Joey’s expression dropped as she looked at her watch. “That’s 					hardly enough time—”

				“Take it or leave it. I have an appointment in the morning that 					I plan to keep.” Peyton grabbed her jacket and headed toward the door.

				Joey sighed as she followed her.

				* * *

				With a firm hold on his silver cane, Lincoln maneuvered 					through a throng of fine women and testosterone-charged men to make it to a seat 					at the bar. “A scotch on the rocks, please,” he ordered, and then glanced around 					to see if he could spot his buddy Tyrone.

				As he glanced around he felt more than a tad out of place. Not 					that he didn’t appreciate the surrounding beauties, but damn, did they have to 					play the music so loud in this place?

				“One scotch on the rocks,” the Alicia Keys look-alike bartender 					said, smiling.

				“Thanks.” Lincoln flashed her his set of dimples and watched as 					her eyes lit up before she was called to the other end of the bar.

				“You still got it.” Tyrone’s rough laugh filled Lincoln’s ear 					before his heavy hand pounded his back. “Did I lie or is this place off the 					hook?”

				“It’s definitely…something.” Lincoln took a sip of his drink 					and glanced at his watch. “Well, don’t forget we can’t stay long. I have that 					meeting in the morning.”

				The deejay changed the record and apparently it was a club 					favorite, judging by the way the crowd’s volume accelerated and how everyone, 					including the ones at the bar, broke out dancing.

				“Hey, don’t turn into a fuddy-duddy on me tonight,” Tyrone 					yelled. “This is my first time in this city and I want to see for myself if this 					is a city that never sleeps.”

				“You’re going to have to find that out on your own.” Lincoln 					drained his drink and signaled to the bartender for a refill. “I heard this P. 					J. Garner is one of the best agents around, and I’m not going to blow this 					opportunity.”

				Tyrone bobbed his head and continued to shout. “I hear you.” He 					turned to the bartender. “I’ll have a vodka and tonic.”

				“You got it.” The sexy bartender winked and disappeared.

				Tyrone glanced back at Lincoln. “You’re not the only one who 					can rake in the ladies.”

				“Glad to hear it.” He lifted his new drink and turned again to 					survey the crowd. A flash of silver splayed over a perfectly curved hip caught 					his eye and caused his heart to skip a beat. He did a double take, but the 					vision disappeared.

				Lincoln lowered his drink on the bar and clutched his cane as 					he stood up for a better view of the crowd. “Where did she go?”

				“Where did who go?”

				“That woman,” he said, and then held his breath while he 					carefully scanned the club.

				“I see a lot of women. Do you want to be a little more 					specific?”

				“I don’t know. She was just…” He caught the flash of silver 					again. “Watch my drink. I’ll be back.” He squeezed through the tight crowd again 					with his chin held high and his gaze locked on those luscious round hips.

				When he was finally within inches of her, a tall 					broad-shouldered brother blocked him and asked his silver-clad goddess to the 					dance floor. To his disappointment, she accepted and allowed the man to place 					his large hand against the small of her back and guide her along.

				He followed them without thinking. In some ways, he swore that 					he was having an out-of-body experience and his body was simply subjected to 					some strange magnetic force. It wasn’t until he reached the dance floor that he 					was able to take in the full package of the woman who had captivated him—and he 					was in no way disappointed.

				Long, curvy pecan-tanned legs were attached to those voluptuous 					hips, not to mention sexy six-pack abs and a mind-blowing cleavage that had his 					mouth salivating. By the time his gaze made it to her heart-shaped face, full 					lips and sparkling doe eyes, his heart was racing as if he’d just completed the 					New York Marathon.

				She was positively breathtaking—and one hell of a dancer. She 					was partnered with some lucky quarterback-looking dude and was dancing circles 					around him.

				With each gyration of the hip, or delectable bounce of her 					apple bottom, Lincoln felt the room’s temperature jump a whopping ten degrees. 					He moved toward them, desperately wanting to cut in on her partner’s action.

				However, he was again sidetracked when a woman in red just 					started dancing with him. They were standing right next to his silver temptress, 					so he played along and started dancing with the woman in red.

				Then it happened. The silver beauty glanced up and met 					Lincoln’s gaze. She smiled, but continued to gyrate against the quarterback.

				It was then that he felt the brush of his partner’s tush 					against “Linc Jr.” He played it off and continued dancing, despite his cane. 					What was exotic about the whole thing was that they were dirty-dancing with 					different partners, and yet their eyes never left each other’s.

				By the end of the first song, Lincoln was sweating up a storm. 					Yet, he still didn’t cut in on the quarterback. Instead, he watched another 					brother take her partner’s place. In return Lincoln grabbed another woman, all 					the while maintaining eye contact with the silver goddess.

				Lincoln couldn’t remember having so much fun and even wondered 					if what they were doing was considered foreplay. Lord knows it sure felt like 					it.

				He lost track of how many songs had played and he was just 					thinking that it was time he made his move when his current partner leaned over 					and draped one arm around his neck and directed his chin downward so that their 					eyes would meet.

				“You sure are a good dancer, papí,” 					the Spanish beauty complimented. “Are you new in town? You don’t look like 					you’re from around here.”

				“Yeah.” He pulled his gaze away to glance beside him and was 					stunned to find that his silver lady was gone. Lincoln immediately stopped 					dancing. “Where did she go?”

				“C’mon, papí. Don’t you want to 					show me a good time?” She slid her other arm around his neck and plastered her 					body against him.

				“Excuse me,” he said, pulling at one of her arms. “I have to 					find someone.” He broke away and once again found himself enmeshed in a crowd of 					dancing people. To his amazement, it was as if his silver lady had just 					disappeared into thin air.

				It was difficult, but he made a loop around the dance floor and 					came up empty. His mind raced through the possibilities and he made a quick 					jaunt around crowded tables and then found himself back at the bar.

				“Maybe the ladies’ room,” he mumbled. The pain in his ankle 					that he’d mostly ignored on the dance floor throbbed mercilessly, but he 					continued toward the alcove where the restrooms were located.

				“Yo, dude. Where are you headed?” Tyrone’s voice boomed at 					him.

				Until that moment, Lincoln hadn’t fully comprehended what he 					was doing. He turned to face his buddy and found him with a scantily clad 					woman.

				“I, uh…”

				“Please tell me you weren’t about to do what I think you 					were.”

				“Are you looking for someone?” the lady at Tyrone’s side 					inquired.

				Lincoln perked up. “As a matter of fact I was.” He 					straightened. “Would you mind ducking in there and seeing if a…um, a woman 					dressed in a two-piece short silver number—”

				“You mean the woman you were staring at on the dance 					floor?”

				Lincoln glanced at Tyrone.

				His buddy just shrugged. “We’re not the only ones who 					noticed.”

				“Yes, that’s the girl.”

				The woman looked to Tyrone. “Well, she just left a few minutes 					ago, didn’t she?”

				“I believe so.”

				Lincoln groaned with disbelief as his heart plunged to the pit 					of his stomach. “Damn.”





		 			 				Chapter 7

				In the middle of 2i’s dance floor, Peyton 					spotted her prey and he couldn’t have been a finer specimen of a man. Her gaze 					skimmed over dark, rich chocolaty skin and a body that rivaled a Greek god’s. 					However, it was the stranger’s eyes and dimpled cheeks that nearly melted her 					lacy Cosabella thong.

				She pushed him into a chair and began an impromptu lap dance. 					From beneath his intense gaze, she felt like a member of the Pussycat dancers 					and her performance was an erotic foray for his eyes only. In the back of her 					mind, she realized that didn’t make much sense, seeing as how they were in the 					middle of a crowded dance club. And yet, it made perfect sense.

				The crowd surrounded them and joined the act. Their cheers 					encouraged her, but her attention never left Mr. Tall, Dark and Handsome. She 					straddled him in a provocative lap dance that escalated her body’s temperature 					and quickened her heartbeat. Moving against him, she felt his hard body beneath 					his black linen suit and she could tell by her bottom’s constant grind against 					his crotch that he was working with quite an impressive package.

				This was more than just dancing, it was a mating call.

				Peyton roamed her hands along his chest and, on a naughty 					impulse, she ripped open his shirt and exposed his bare, tight muscled 					chest....

				* * *

				A loud ringing jarred Peyton from her deep slumber. She 					jerked up in bed and glanced guiltily around. For a moment, she didn’t recognize 					her surroundings.

				The phone rang again.

				“Are you going to answer that?” Joey groaned from the other 					bed.

				Peyton frowned and then picked up the phone. “Hello.”

				“Ms. Garner. This is your six-thirty wake-up call.”

				“Thanks,” she mumbled and hung up. She sat there for a while as 					bits and pieces of her dream flashed inside her head. A smile fluttered across 					her lips as an image of a pair of intense black eyes twinkled back at her. Who 					was that guy and how come they don’t make them like that in California?

				Peyton swung her legs over the edge of the bed and then glanced 					over at her snoozing sister. “Great. She gets to sleep and I have to go to 					work.”

				Climbing out of bed, Peyton first went to her sister’s suitcase 					to see if she could find something decent to wear to her eight o’clock meeting. 					She was worried for a moment when she pulled out one hoochie-mama outfit after 					another. At long last, she found one pair of slacks and a reasonable blouse.

				She took a record-breaking shower and then hurried to apply her 					makeup.

				“I still can’t get over you and that dude on the floor last 					night,” Joey said, yawning from the bathroom’s doorway. “I’ve never seen you 					like that.”

				Peyton frowned. “What do you mean?”

				“What do I mean? Hell, I thought everyone at the club should be 					paying you for that performance.”

				“I was just dancing.” Peyton concentrated on tweezing her 					eyebrows.

				“My ass.” Joey laughed. “Why didn’t you just jump the guy and 					get it over with?”

				“Okay, now you’re being ridiculous.”

				“Uh-huh.” She settled her hands on her hips. “If you want my 					opinion, I think you got a little freak in you.”

				Try as she might, Peyton couldn’t help but laugh.

				“I have to hand it to you, though. Brother man was fine.”

				Peyton met Joey’s gaze in the mirror. “He was, wasn’t he?”

				“Did you ever get the digits?”

				Peyton went back to her eyebrows. “No, I didn’t.”

				Joey’s eyes widened. “You have to be kidding me. Why not? It 					was obvious the guy was into you.”

				“Haven’t you ever heard the edict, ‘what happens at the club 					stays at the club’?”

				Joey rolled her eyes.

				“C’mon. That’s why people give out fake names and numbers when 					they go to those places. You just go for a good time. Club romances are doomed 					from the start. Everyone goes there puttin’ on a front. It takes entirely too 					much work to try and plough through the layers of horse manure to find out who 					you’re really dating.”

				Joey stared at her through the mirror. “Has anyone ever told 					you that you’re high maintenance?”

				Peyton rummaged through her makeup bag. “Whatever.”

				“No. You are. You have a whole list of complaints for nearly 					every type of man or every meeting situation. It’s like you can’t find the good 					in anything.”

				“That’s not true. Well…not anymore. I know what kind of man I 					want.”

				“Oh, yeah, Mr. Handyman. How could I forget?” Joey rolled her 					eyes and moved farther into the bathroom so that she stood just inches behind 					her sister. “New York is crawling with construction workers. Why don’t you just 					hang out around those sites to see what you can bag?”

				“You don’t get it,” Peyton huffed and grabbed a brush. “I don’t 					want a beer-guzzling, ass-scratching and ‘baby, where’s the remote control?’ 					type of man. I want a nice combination of—”

				“High maintenance.”

				“Am not!” Peyton turned away from the mirror and stormed back 					into their room. “I’m borrowing an outfit. Maybe later this afternoon we can hit 					a few stores so I’ll have something to wear.”

				“Cool.” Joey jumped back into her bed. “I’m going to get a few 					more hours of shut-eye while you’re gone.”

				“You do that.” Peyton finished getting dressed and grabbed her 					purse. But as she left the room, she mumbled under her breath, “I’m not high maintenance.”

				* * *

				Lincoln woke up with a hard-on.

				All night he had dreamed of his silver goddess and cursed 					himself for the lost opportunity. Why had he waited so long to approach her? It 					didn’t make sense and it wasn’t like him.

				You have to get up or you’re going to be 						late. Lincoln moaned and wanted nothing more than to return to his 					dream where a hot apple-bottom woman ruled his world. However, the moment he 					closed his eyes the phone rang next to his head.

				Groaning, he shot out an arm and picked up the receiver. 					“Hello.”

				“Good morning, Mr. Carver. This is your seven-thirty wake-up 					call.”

				“Yeah, thanks.” He clunked the receiver back onto the phone and 					sat up. He gave himself exactly two minutes to shake all thoughts of curvy limbs 					and luscious lips out of his head. It was time to focus on business.

				Hobbling into the bathroom, he quickly jumped into the shower—a 					cold one—and thought back to what a wild ride the past three months had been. 					Thanks to the metal rod in his ankle, his firefighting career had come to a 					screeching halt—sort of. He was approached by the city to take a desk job as a 					fire inspector, which he might accept if there was no future in his being an 					iron sculptor.

				He couldn’t help but laugh at himself. He picked one hell of a 					time in his life to pursue being an artist. He had to face it, he was no spring 					chicken. Forty loomed around the corner.

				He finished his frolic in the shower and performed a quick 					shave and brushed his teeth. Everything took him a record-breaking fifteen 					minutes to complete and then he was out the door with his portfolio.

				In no time Lincoln was rushing past Rockefeller Center and over 					to the New York Palace Hotel. It wasn’t until he breezed into the breathtaking 					lobby that he experienced a wave of nervous anxiety. What if he wasn’t any good? 					What if this agent hated his work?

				He stepped into the elevator along with a multitude of ritzy, 					stylish men and women that quickly made him feel like a fish out of water in his 					casual khakis and crisp, clean white shirt. With great difficulty, he pushed all 					doubt out of his mind and concentrated on all the positive feedback he’d 					received from his work in Atlanta.

				“Raw,” “innovative” and even “genius” had been the words of 					praise he’d received. It took a lot for him to show people what had long been 					considered a hobby—people being his best friend, 					Tyrone, and the three stooges. Then again, they weren’t exactly the types who 					appreciated art. Art, of course, being outside of pinup posters of Tracy 					Bingham.

				The elevator stopped on the thirty-ninth floor. He stepped off 					and entered the Executive Lounge. It was a rare event for him to be nervous, but 					he gave himself a mental pep talk and was ready to take the plunge.

				“Can I help you, sir?” a bright and bubbly blonde asked, 					staring up at him.

				“Yes, I have a business appointment with a P. J. Garner.”

				“Yes, sir. She’s waiting for you. Please follow me.”

				Lincoln fell in line behind the hostess and found himself still 					fighting his anxiety.

				The hostess pushed open a door to a private meeting room. “Ms. 					Garner, your appointment has arrived,” she said, and then stepped back to allow 					Lincoln access.

				Lincoln crossed the threshold, lifted his gaze and froze when 					he met the eyes of his silver goddess. “Well, I’ll be damned.”





		 			 				Chapter 8

				Peyton couldn’t speak.

				How could she? Surely, there were no words suitable for an 					awkward moment like this. Out of desperation, she closed her eyes and prayed the 					handsome image would change by the time she reopened them.

				It didn’t.

				“Lincoln Carver?” she asked, in an uncharacteristic squeaky 					voice.

				He nodded and his smile widened. “P. J. Garner?”

				“I don’t believe this.” Her entire body felt hot with 					embarrassment as she cleared her throat and offered her hand. “Nice to meet 					you—finally.” His large hand swallowed hers, and despite the feel of calluses 					they were amazingly gentle.

				“Likewise.”

				What a voice, she marveled. It sort of reminded her of someone, 					but she couldn’t remember who. When he smiled, her gaze immediately lowered to 					his deep dimpled cheeks. Now, this is a man.

				Peyton pulled her hand away and gestured to a vacant chair. “If 					you’re ready, we can get started.”

				He lifted a single brow and then headed over to the chair. “You 					know I was disappointed when you disappeared last night.”

				While his back was to her, she exhaled and turned to close the 					door. “I was just… I wasn’t quite myself.” She returned to her own chair, 					forcing a plastic smile. It was definitely going to be a challenge to get this 					meeting onto the right track, especially since she felt that her creditability 					had been shot.

				“Okay,” Peyton said. “Let’s just forget about last night and 					focus on the matter at hand.”

				“I’d rather not.”

				His rich voice melted like hot chocolate over her while his 					gaze performed a slow drag over her face. Her heart muscles tightened and made 					it difficult to breathe.

				“Would you like some coffee?” She stood again. “I just had some 					delivered a few minutes ago.”

				“Sure. I could go for a cup. I didn’t get too much sleep last 					night.”

				“You’re not the only one,” Peyton mumbled as she turned toward 					the coffeemaker.

				“I’m sorry. What did you say?”

				“Oh, nothing,” she lied, and then rolled her eyes. This man was 					the hottest thing walking and, God help her, she couldn’t stop thinking about 					her erotic dream.

				“How would you like your coffee?”

				“Black,” he answered.

				Surprised, she glanced over her shoulder, but found him staring 					at her bottom. Typical.

				“Cornel Dyson is a good friend of mine. I was surprised by his 					referral. Usually, he’s very protective of newly discovered talent. How did you 					two meet?” she asked, pouring his coffee.

				Carver laughed. “My best friend pulled him over for a traffic 					violation and then recognized his name from some feature in Creative Loafing.”

				“Are you kidding me?”

				“No. It’s a pretty popular paper. They cover a lot of art stuff 					in Atlanta.”

				She returned to the table and handed him his cup. “You’re 					telling me that Cornel referred you to me because he—”

				“He was trying to get out of a speeding ticket.”

				Peyton was going to kill Dyson. He never met with Carver, he 					just pawned him off on her. After taking a deep breath, she was determined to 					remain professional. “So, you say you’re from Atlanta?”

				“Actually, I live in Marietta. It’s a suburb of the city.”

				Peyton settled back into her chair, feeling grateful that she 					had successfully maneuvered away from last night’s shenanigans to a safer topic. 					“I have a brother in Decatur. Are you far from there?”

				“Actually, I used to work out in Decatur. It’s about 					thirty-five, forty miles from me.”

				“Yikes, that’s a distance.”

				“It’s not too bad. Everyone is pretty much used to traveling in 					that area.”

				“I doubt you know him. He’s pretty new there. Anyway, let’s get 					started. What did you bring for me, Mr. Carver?”

				“Please, call me Lincoln.” His onyx gaze held hers prisoner as 					he reached for his portfolio. “It’s what my friends call me.”

				Breathe. Just remember to breathe. 					“All right, then, Lincoln. Let’s see what you got.”

				He placed his portfolio onto the table and slid it over to her. 					“I hope that you like what you see,” he said.

				She lowered her gaze to the first black-and-white photo. Hell, I did that the minute you walked through the 						door.

				“Why the smile?” he asked.

				“Hmm?” She glanced up and forced her best innocent look.

				“You were smiling.” Amusement sparkled in his eyes and hugged 					his lips.

				Damn, he’s sexy. “Nothing. I like 					this.” She returned her attention to the photographs. The images of the iron 					sculptures were quite good. Actually, they were outstanding.

				“How long have you been doing this?” she inquired.

				Lincoln braided his fingers and looked along with her as she 					turned the pages. “Twelve or thirteen years. It’s pretty much been a hobby.”

				Peyton leaned in to study the photographs and couldn’t help but 					be impressed. She was also beginning to feel a familiar bubble of excitement. In 					her mind she was already running through a list of dealers and museums that 					would be interested in some of the pieces.

				“What are you wearing?” he asked suddenly.

				“Huh?” She glanced over at him. Her heart leaped at his 					closeness.

				“Your perfume. I’m trying to place it. It’s soft, clean—”

				“It’s soap.”

				He blinked. “Well, it…uh, suits you.”

				“Thank you,” she said, struggling to keep a straight face. Her 					gaze traveled back to his work. “How many shows have you done?” she asked.

				“Shows?” Lincoln threw his head back and laughed.

				The rich vibrato of his laughter instantly had her twitching in 					her seat. How in the world was this man doing all these things to her when he 					hadn’t so much as laid a finger on her?

				“I’ve never done a show,” he said. “But does this mean you 					think they’re good?”

				She reached for her coffee and took a sip while she weighed her 					words. “Art is a funny business,” she began. “One of the most frustrating things 					is that it’s also very subjective.”

				“One man’s trash is another man’s treasure?”

				“Something like that.” She smiled.

				As their gazes locked again, Lincoln folded his arms and leaned 					back in his chair. “What do you see—trash or 					treasure?”

				She immediately sensed that he wasn’t talking about his work. 					Their eyes met again and her body’s wires threatened to short-circuit. And yet, 					she managed to remain calm. “I see a man with a lot of potential.”

				Lincoln nodded. “Do you see 					yourself accepting my invitation to dinner?”

				“Dinner?” She shifted in her chair and fought like hell to 					prevent the corners of her lips from curling into a smile.

				“We both have to eat,” he said. “And with this being my first 					time in New York, I don’t know my way around town. Maybe you can help me in that 					department?”

				“You found 2i’s pretty good.”

				“I’d be willing to go back if you’d go with me.” He shrugged. 					“Maybe we can finally get that dance together.”

				Despite the temptation, Peyton laughed and shook her head. 					“We’re supposed to be talking about business.”

				“We can talk about business tonight. You can tell me then if 					you’ve decided to represent me.”

				Her eyes fell back to the photographs. They were good. “Truth 					is, I already have plans for tonight.”

				“Break them.”

				She laughed. “I can’t break them.”

				Lincoln leaned forward on his arms. “And why not? I can tell 					you want to have dinner with me.”

				She continued to be amused by him. “You’re pretty sure of 					yourself.”

				“Don’t tell me you’re turned off by a confident man?”

				“Confident or arrogant?” she challenged.

				“Are you sure you’re qualified to tell the difference?”

				“Qualified?” She blinked and forced out a laugh, cringing at 					just how hollow it sounded.

				Lincoln’s smile widened. “How about a test?”

				Peyton’s brows lifted.

				“A small test. If you pass, then you’re off the hook and you 					don’t have to have dinner with me tonight.”

				“I don’t have to do that, anyway.”

				“But if you fail,” he went on as if he hadn’t heard her, “it’s 					Citarella’s. You and me.”

				“I thought you didn’t know anything about New York?”

				“I read about it somewhere.” He winked. “So what do you 					say?”

				“About what—taking a test? I don’t want to take your silly 					test.”

				“Forfeit counts as a failure.”

				She rolled her eyes. “There you go being arrogant again. Has it 					occurred to you that I simply don’t want to go out 					with you? Not all women go for the…muscular, tall, dark—”

				“And handsome type?” He smiled. “Yeah, I heard there was an 					underground movement of women seeking out short, morbidly obese, ugly men.”

				“You’re not funny,” she said with a deadpan expression.

				“So charming is off your list, too?”

				“I didn’t say that.”

				Lincoln shrugged and held up his hands in surrender. “I think 					you’re right. We shouldn’t go out. I can already tell you’re a bit on the 					high-maintenance side.” He flipped another page of the portfolio. “So back to my 					work.”

				“I am not high maintenance,” she retorted.

				Lincoln looked up while another shrug tugged his shoulders. “If 					you say so.” He returned his attention back to the pictures. “Now, this is one 					of my earlier works—”

				“I wouldn’t have any problems dating a…heavyset guy,” she 					huffed. “And there’s nothing wrong with dating someone who isn’t GQ material, either. In fact, I find pretty boys to 					be…”

				“Arrogant,” he filled in for her.

				“Exactly!”

				His eyes narrowed. “You know what my problem is with your 					type?”

				“My type?”

				“Too judgmental.”

				“Judgmental?”

				“Do you always repeat everything someone says? You’re starting 					to sound like a parrot.”

				“A parr—” She clamped her mouth shut.

				Lincoln leaned back in his chair and smiled. “I bet you try to 					put everyone in a box. ‘He’s attractive, so I can’t go out with him. He’s too 					confident, so I can’t go out with him.’” He shook his head. “High 					maintenance.”

				“Mr. Carver, I don’t think I’ll be able to represent you.”

				“I agree,” he said, seemingly unruffled by her announcement. 					“You don’t strike me as the type who’s capable of separating business and 					pleasure.”

				“That’s not true.”

				“Yeah, right.”

				Rattled by his obvious disbelief, she ranted on, “I assure you, 					Mr. Carver, I’m a complete professional.”

				“So,” he began, rolling his eyes toward the ceiling as if 					considering a hypothetical scenario. “If we were in a passionate, intimate, 					personal affair…”

				“It would never infringe or disrupt our business 					relationship.”

				His onyx gaze centered on her. “Prove it. Have dinner with me 					tonight.”

				She laughed. “Nice try.” She crossed her arms and studied him. 					“You’re a tricky little devil, aren’t you?”

				He shrugged with an easy smile. “I thought a little reverse 					psychology would help my case. I’m interested, and everything in my body tells 					me that you are, too.”

				She started to deny it, but stopped. She was attracted to 						him—very attracted. “One date?”

				“Just one,” he said.

				Peyton drew a deep breath and considered him. He was different, 					there was no doubt about that. And he was definitely a man who knew how to take 					charge. She liked that, but it was his arrogance that disturbed her the most. 					“All right, Mr. Carver. You’re on.” What was she saying? The man had called her 					a parrot. “Meet me tonight in the lobby at eight o’clock.” She slowly stood up 					and closed the portfolio.

				“It’s a date.” He smiled.

				Peyton turned and walked toward the door. “Do try not to be 					late.” She tossed him a smile over her shoulder and slipped out the door.

				Once she was in the hallway, her smile disappeared as she 					blazed a trail toward the elevator. “I must be out of my mind.”

				She pressed the down button on the elevator and waited. “He’s 					just going to be like all the others.”

				“I’m sensing that your heart isn’t in this.”

				Peyton jumped and swiveled toward the velvety baritone. “You 					shouldn’t sneak up on people like that!”

				“My apologies.” Lincoln frowned. “You know we don’t have to go 					out.”

				The elevator arrived.

				“So what do I get if you forfeit?”

				They stepped into the small compartment.

				Lincoln shrugged. “Fine. We’ll go out, but do try to sound more 					excited about it. You’re starting to give me a complex.”

				Peyton punched for the thirtieth floor. “We wouldn’t want 					that.”

				“I have a feeling this is going to be an interesting date,” he 					said calmly.

				“I was just thinking the same thing.”

				He laughed. “Do you always have to have the last word?”

				She chuckled along with him. “Do you?”

				“Oh, boy. What have I gotten myself into?”

				“You know what I hate about your 					type?” she challenged, with a painted-on smile. “You can’t appreciate a woman 					with a good head on her shoulders. You think everyone wants you just because 					you’re good-looking. Well, I’m not impressed. I prefer a man with a little more 					substance than—”

				Lincoln kissed her.

				And it was no ordinary kiss, none like she’d ever experienced, 					anyway. His lips were soft, but his mouth was hard—hungry. His tongue delved 					into her mouth and destroyed her every wall of defense with smooth skillful 					strokes.

				The portfolio dropped to the floor, freeing her arms so they 					could glide gently around his broad shoulders.

				Was that her moaning? Please, say I have a 						little more dignity than that. She didn’t.

				She felt small and yet protected in his embrace. Before now, 					only her father had ever made her feel protected. How strange for her to think 					of that now. Just when her mind had acclimated to staying cocooned against him, 					the elevator stopped and the doors slid open.

				Lincoln lifted his head and ended the kiss. “I believe this is 					your floor.”

				“What?” she questioned through a clouded haze.

				“Your floor.”

				His arms slid away and she missed them immediately. “Huh? 					Yeah.” She stepped back and nearly fell when her legs failed to support her.

				“Whoa.” His arms returned to prevent her from taking a nasty 					spill. “Are you all right?”

				“Fine,” she whispered and ran a hand through her hair. “I’m 					just fine.”

				The doors started to close and Lincoln released her to block 					them.

				Peyton used the time to grab the portfolio off the floor and 					compose herself. “Well,” she said, unable to meet his eyes. “I guess I’ll see 					you tonight, then?”

				“Eight o’clock,” he confirmed.

				She nodded while her lips trembled through an awkward smile. 					“See you tonight.” She stepped out of the small compartment with her head held 					too high.

				“Ms. Garner?”

				“Yes?”

				A wide smile broke beneath his twinkling gaze as he stepped 					back into the compartment. “You’re a great kisser.”

				The doors slid closed.

				Peyton slumped back against the wall and whispered, “You’re not 					so bad your damn self.”





		 			 				Chapter 9

				Lincoln twirled his silver cane as he 					strolled down the crowded sidewalks of Manhattan. Like last night, he was able 					to suppress all feelings of pain in his leg, while his thoughts focused on Ms. 					Garner. What man wouldn’t like that kind of spice in his 						life? he mused.

				By the time he returned to his hotel, he was floating on cloud 					nine and singing R. Kelly’s “Your Body’s Callin’” aloud.

				“Hey, man.” Tyrone’s voice boomed behind him. “You’re back 					already?”

				Lincoln flashed his friend, who was dressed head to toe in New 					York Yankees memorabilia, a smile as they both stopped in the elevator bay.

				“So, how did it go?” Tyrone asked.

				“Better than I could ever have 					expected.”

				“That good, huh? Does that mean we’re about to be big ballers 					now?”

				“We?” Lincoln laughed. “What is this ‘we’ crap?”

				The men stepped into an empty elevator.

				“Oh, it’s like that now?” Tyrone said, bobbing his head. 					“You’re not going to hook a brother up for discovering you?”

				Lincoln pressed the button for their floor. “Get a hold of 					yourself. I went to meet an agent, not a buyer. Hell, there’s no guarantee that 					I’ll ever make any money at this.”

				“You better if you’re thinking about leaving the fire 					department. You’re too old to be a starving artist.”

				“I have a little saved up.”

				Tyrone shook his head. “And when that’s all gone?”

				“I’ll manage,” Lincoln said, but he was beginning to feel 					uncomfortable. Did he have enough saved up? Would he ever sell anything? “I 					thought you came to be my moral support?”

				“I did. I am.”

				“Then how come I feel like I’m about to have a heart attack? I 					was fine until you started grilling me.” He pressed his palm against his 					forehead. “I have about sixty thousand in the bank and—”

				“Sixty? Hot damn. What bank did you knock over?”

				Arriving at their floor, they stepped out of the elevator.

				“It’s called being frugal, my friend,” Lincoln said. “Live 					beneath one’s means, as my father likes to preach.”

				Tyrone rolled his eyes. “Like father like son.”

				“Please don’t say that.” Lincoln slid his key card in the door 					and then entered the room. “I’m nothing like my father.”

				“If you say so.” Tyrone laughed. “I don’t know what’s the big 					deal. Your dad’s a pretty cool guy.”

				Lincoln sighed at the back and forth of the conversation. “Can 					we please just focus? You’ll never guess who P. J. Garner is.” He slowly lowered 					himself into a chair. The throb in his ankle had finally gotten his 					attention.

				“It’s someone you know?” Tyrone asked incredulously.

				“Not yet, but after tonight I will.”

				* * *

				“What are you so upset about?” Joey asked, watching 					Peyton storm around the room. “Did your meeting not go well?”

				“I’m not upset.” Peyton grabbed her carry-on bag and dug out a 					copy of the program for the night’s art show. “Great, it starts at eight 					o’clock. I’m going to be late.” She dropped onto the bed and tried to think of 					how she was going to manage to show up late for Yosa’s first show and also leave 					early. “What was I thinking, agreeing to go out with him tonight?” she 					mumbled.

				Joey sat next to her. “Go out with who?”

				“I wasn’t thinking,” Peyton 					whispered, and reviewed what had happened between her and Lincoln—all the way up 					to their departing kiss.

				“P.J., are you blushing?”

				Peyton’s thoughts returned to the present and her gaze slid 					over to her sister. “What?”

				“What am I, talking to myself?” Joey stood, shaking her head. 					“Keep your little secrets. I do have a life, you 					know.”

				Peyton heard her, but she didn’t comprehend a single word. Her 					brain was too busy reworking the “Lincoln incident.”

				Peyton jumped to her feet. “Why did I agree to this? I must be 					out of my mind.”

				“I’m feeling a little crazy myself.” Joey turned for the door. 					“I’m out of here. I’ll come back when you’re finished talking to yourself.”

				“You know what I hate about men?” Peyton ranted, ignoring 					whatever her sister was talking about.

				“No, I don’t care to hear what you hate about men—this time. 					I’m sure I’ve heard it before. If not, I’m sure I’ll hear about it tomorrow.” 					Joey huffed and settled her hands on her hips. “If men are such a thorn in your 					side, then maybe you should consider changing up.”

				“Ha-ha-ha.”

				“Can we go shopping now—or am I supposed to stay cooped up in 					this room all weekend?”

				Peyton drew a deep breath, counted to ten and then grabbed her 					purse. “Shopping it is.”

				Joey perked up and grabbed her purse. “Great. We better make 					sure we pick out something hot for your date with 					whoever he is.”

				“Let’s not make it too hot. I don’t want to get into something 					I can’t get out of.”

				* * *

				“You mean that hot chick from the club last night?” 					Tyrone thundered. “She’s going to be your new agent?”

				“I don’t know yet.” Lincoln leaned forward and rubbed his 					ankle. “I had no business on that dance floor last night.”

				“It looked to me like you knew what you were doing.”

				“Well, it’s killing me now,” he said, hating having to 					complain. “I better take it easy if I don’t want to end up back in the 					hospital.”

				“Where are your pain pills?” Tyrone stood. “Maybe you should 					take a few of them.”

				“Nah, those things always knock me flat on my butt and I have a 					date.”

				“Since when? Wait. Don’t tell me you’re going out with the 					agent.”

				Lincoln looked up and winked at his buddy. “All right, I won’t 					tell you.”

				“You sly dog. Is it business or pleasure?”

				“The jury is still out,” he joked, and thought back to his 					meeting that morning. “But if it comes down to a choice, I’d rather have the 					latter.”

				“You think your luck with women has changed?” Tyrone asked.

				Moaning, Lincoln eased down in his chair. “That’s a tough call, 					but this P.J.—I wonder what that stands for.”

				“Now look who has trouble focusing.”

				“Like I was saying, Ms. Garner is going to be a handful. I can 					already tell that she’s some type of control freak, not to mention high 					maintenance.”

				“In that case, I only have one piece of advice for you, my 						friend—run.”

				“There’s a fire in her eyes, though—a challenge. She’s been 					burned before, I’m willing to bet my life on it.”

				“There’s a word that describes women like that— bitter.”

				Lincoln shook his head. “Nah, she’s harmless. Probably just 					needs to be taken down a peg or two.”

				“Now, that’s just being arrogant,” Tyrone said, standing up. 					“I’m heading out. I want to take one of those tour buses up to Harlem. You want 					to join me?”

				“No, I’m going to call room service and rest my leg for a 					while. Maybe we can go out this afternoon before my date?”

				“You got it,” Tyrone agreed, and then left the room.

				Lincoln waited until the door clicked closed before he reached 					over and snatched up the phone. In his excitement, he fumbled the number a few 					times before he was able to get Flex on his cell phone.

				“Hello.”

				“You are brilliant,” Lincoln raved.

				“Well…I don’t like to brag.” Flex chuckled. “Where are you and 					what was I so brilliant about?”

				“Tyrone and I are up in New York. I came up to meet this art 					agent—”

				“All right, man. You decided to go for it. Good for you. You 					know Peyton is a…uh, well, she knows a lot of people in the art world. Maybe 					when you do a portfolio I can ask her about some referrals.”

				“I might have to take you up on that because the agent I met 					today, I’m more interested in a personal relationship than a professional.”

				“Plunging back into the dating arena?”

				“What can I say? Women may be a complication, but they are also 					my weakness. And that stuff you said about Type-A women personalities was dead 					on the money.” Lincoln laughed. “You really do know about the woman’s 					psyche.”

				“Five sisters will do that.”

				“You’re officially my relationship guru. I had this woman so 					turned around she didn’t know what hit her. It’s all thanks to you, man.”

				“It went that well?”

				“We’re going out tonight. I have to tell you, this one is a 					real ball buster, too. She has a chip so big on her shoulder it’ll probably take 					a bulldozer to knock it off.”

				The line vibrated with Flex’s laughter. “Sounds like you really 					know how to pick them.”

				Lincoln’s thoughts drifted to the carefree and uninhibited 					dancer from last night to the straitlaced business professional he’d met this 					morning. “This one is different.”

				“They all are.”

				“I’m not going to be able to win her without your help.”

				“I am at your service.”

				* * *

				Peyton couldn’t remember ever being so nervous about a 					date. It was also the first time she felt as if she had a point to prove. She 					wasn’t high maintenance or judgmental. Men were the ones with preconceived 					notions of the opposite sex. They didn’t know how to handle a woman with more 					than half a brain or one who was comfortable with her own sexuality.

				“How much longer are you going to be in the bathroom?” Joey 					shouted through the door.

				“Just a few more minutes.” Peyton glanced at herself in the 					mirror and hated how her shoulder-length locks weren’t cooperating. She tossed 					down the curling iron and cursed under her breath.

				On cue, the bathroom door swung open.

				“Are you all right? What’s going on in here?” Joey’s gaze swept 					over her sister. “Are you going out like that?”

				Peyton drew a deep breath and counted to ten. However, even 					that didn’t help eliminate her anxiety. “I’m just under a lot of stress,” she 					offered as an excuse.

				“Looks like nerves to me.” Joey smirked and folded her arms. “I 					never would’ve believed it if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes. This guy has 					gotten under your skin.”

				“Don’t be ridiculous.” Peyton grabbed a brush and attacked her 					hair. “This guy is just an arrogant jerk.”

				“Whom you happen to be going out with.” Joey cringed, watching 					her sister, and then snatched the brush out of her hand. “You’re making my head 					hurt. Sit down.”

				Peyton opened her mouth to protest, but one look into Joey’s 					“take no lip” expression and she popped a squat on top of the toilet bowl and 					allowed her sister to take over.

				“So tell me what you’re so worried about.”

				“Who said I was worried?”

				Joey yanked Peyton’s hair.

				“Ouch.”

				“Oops. The brush must have slipped. What were you saying?”

				Peyton reached to rub her sore scalp, but received a whack on 					the hand. “Ouch. What’s with you?”

				“Nothing. I just hate it when you lie to me.” Joey forced her 					chin up so their eyes would meet. “I’m older and know when you’re lying.”

				Peyton wanted to protest again, but thought it wouldn’t exactly 					be a great idea to show up bald for her date.

				“I’m still waiting for an answer,” Joey added. “You’re not 					getting out of here until you fess up.”

				Drawing a deep breath, Peyton once again tried to relax. She 					hated this—telephone, telegraph, tell-a-Joey. Peyton felt a tug on her hair and 					understood the warning. “I’m just worried…I won’t make a good…impression on this 					guy.”

				When Joey remained quiet, Peyton continued, “He’s…different. I 					initially thought I had him pegged and then in the next moment I found 					myself…challenged by him.”

				“That’s a good thing, right?”

				Peyton shrugged. “I’m not sure. I’m, sort of, used to being in 					control.”

				“How do you explain that brain fart you had with Ricky?”

				“Ricky was harmless,” she said, waving off the question. 					“According to my therapist, I married him for the sake of being married. Yes, he 					was a bum, but he was a controllable bum.”

				“Since when did you start seeing a therapist?”

				Peyton hesitated. It was too late to turn back now. “Since Mom 					passed away.”

				Joey’s hands stilled. “I had no idea.”

				“It’s not a big deal.”

				Joey took the curling iron to Peyton’s hair. “So, you have 					control issues—and this recent fixation on finding a ‘manly man’ is because 					you’re finally looking for someone to take control?”

				Peyton frowned. “I didn’t say all of that.”

				“You didn’t have to. You’re not the only one with a 					therapist.”

				The sisters’ gazes met for a brief moment before they burst out 					laughing.

				All this time, Peyton thought her sisters left no stone 					unturned when it came to snooping into each other’s lives, and now it was 					actually refreshing to learn that she wasn’t the only one who kept a few 					secrets.

				“C’mon, take a look.” Joey pulled her up and turned her to face 					the mirror.

				A wide smile covered Peyton’s face. “I’m going to knock his 					socks off.”





		 			 				Chapter 10

				Lincoln succumbed to the pain and popped 					two painkillers seconds before he headed out for his date. Within minutes, the 					merciless throb in his ankle subsided and he was able to review all the 					information Flex had downloaded into his brain.

				“Men are from Mars and women are from Venus.”

				In the past, Lincoln never had trouble meeting or dating women. 					Invariably, the differences between the sexes were what cost him the 					relationship.

				Really, what was wrong with watching a lot of football or 					wanting to have a night out with the guys? Did a relationship mean that you had 					to spend every waking moment with the woman? And what was with them calling so 					much during the day? If you weren’t with them, then you had to be on the phone 					with them.

				The Palace Hotel came into view and Lincoln couldn’t believe 					how badly his stomach twisted into knots. That couldn’t be a good sign, could it? He glanced at his watch. He was ten minutes 					early.

				Once he was in the lobby of the grand hotel, he again felt out 					of place. The life of a public servant didn’t normally afford him the 					opportunity to stroll such opulent halls. Hell, the only way he would even be in 					a place like this was if the building was on fire.

				He took a seat in a beautiful ornate chair that was apparently 					purchased more for decoration than comfort, but regardless, he dozed off.

				“Mr. Carver?”

				Lincoln woke with a jolt. “Huh, what?”

				“Are you all right?” P.J. asked, frowning.

				Lincoln cleared his throat and smiled at the beauty dressed in 					a sapphire shoulderless number that hugged her every curve. This was the classy 					P. J. Garner—another dimension of her diamond personality. Just as he remembered 					from the club, she had curves in all the right places. “I’m better now that an 					angel has arrived.”

				Her eyebrows rose at the honey-coated praise. “Poetry isn’t 					your strong suit.”

				“Everyone’s a critic.” He pushed himself up with his cane. “My 					point is that you look ravishing.”

				“Thank you,” she said, as her gaze skittered away. “You clean 					up well yourself.”

				Lincoln glanced down at his one and only black Armani suit. 					“Oh, this old thing?” He offered her his arm. “It’s just something that I threw 					together.”

				P.J. smiled and looped her arm through his. “I hope you don’t 					mind, but I absolutely have to make an appearance at the Museum of African Art. 					One of my artists has a show tonight.”

				“By all means,” he said, escorting her out of the door. “I made 					our reservations at the Citarella for nine-thirty. Will that be enough 					time?”

				“That should be perfect,” she said, smiling.

				The doorman hailed a taxi and within minutes they were off. The 					silence inside the cab, Lincoln noted, was strained and more than uncomfortable. 					Flex said that women loved good listeners, but wouldn’t the woman have to talk 					in order for him to listen?

				“About this morning,” he began with no clue as to how to 					end.

				“Yes?” She glanced at him.

				“I probably shouldn’t have kissed you like that,” he settled on 					saying.

				“Oh,” she said, and played with her hands on her lap.

				“I’m not saying I’m sorry,” he added. “I just hope I didn’t 					scare you.”

				“Oh, no. You didn’t,” she assured him, and straightened in her 					seat. “I rather…kind of enjoyed it.”

				It was all he needed to hear before a smile curved his lips and 					his arms slid behind her head on the seat. “So tell me about yourself, Ms. 					Garner. Why are you such a mixed bag of contradictions?”

				“I’m not sure I understand you.”

				As he met her twinkling gaze, Lincoln felt a tightening in his 					chest. His eyes lowered to her full lips and he experienced another overwhelming 					urge to kiss her.

				“I’m talking about the different signals. One minute I feel 					you’re really into me, and then in the next it seems like you can’t stand 					me.”

				Her gaze lowered.

				“So which is it?” he asked. “Do you really want to be with me 					tonight or are you still trying to prove a point?” He forced himself to wait 					through the long silence, and just when he thought he had his answer she 					responded.

				“Yes.” She looked at him again. “I want to be here with you 					tonight.”

				He smiled. “Glad to hear it.”

				“Here we are,” the cabdriver announced.

				Lincoln reached for his wallet. “Keep the change.” He handed 					over a few bills, climbed out of the cab and rushed to the other side to open 					the door for his date. All the while, he wore a grin on his face the size of 					Texas.

				“Thank you,” she said, as she accepted his hand and eased out 					of the cab.

				Lincoln thought she looked like a celebrity ready for the red 					carpet and smelled like a field of fresh flowers. This time he didn’t dare ask 					about the name of her perfume, just in case it ended up being another brand of 					soap.

				They walked arm in arm into the museum, and once inside he 					wasn’t ready to relinquish his hold on her. However, no sooner had they waltzed 					through the doors than the night’s showcased artist, Yosa, whisked her from his 					side.

				“I’ll be right back,” she mouthed over her shoulder.

				Lincoln nodded his understanding and was left to peruse the 					museum solo.

				“Champagne?”

				He turned to see a tray thrust in front of him. He reached for 					a flute and dug into his pockets.

				“There’s no charge, sir,” a pretty waitress informed him with a 					bright smile. “All drinks are complimentary.”

				“Ah” was all he could manage to say. Though he hung on to his 					smile, he suppressed his fish-out-of-water feelings and enjoyed the display of 					eclectic paintings.

				He lost all sense of time as he walked, talked and sipped his 					champagne. Somewhere around the middle of the exhibit, a woman joined him and 					started asking his opinion about the collection.

				“By the way, my name is Valeri,” she said, extending her 					hand.

				“Lincoln.”

				“Nice to meet you.” She smiled. “I just hate showing up to 					these things alone, but I’m glad to see that I’m not the only one going it 					alone.”

				“I hope I’m not interrupting,” a voice came from behind 					them.

				Lincoln and Valeri turned.

				P.J. glided next to Lincoln and he looped an arm around her. 					“Welcome back.” He grinned.

				“I’m sorry. My mistake,” Valeri mumbled, and then disappeared 					into the crowd.

				“Looks like I can’t leave you alone for a minute.”

				He wiggled his brows. “Does that mean you’re now mine for the 					rest of the night?”

				“I’m afraid so.” When P.J. laughed, he realized it was the 					first time he’d heard those soft lyrical notes. It was as infectious as it was 					memorable.

				“We better head out of here it we want to keep our 					reservations,” she whispered close to his ear.

				“Let’s go.” Lincoln turned and set his second flute of 					champagne on a passing tray. Stifling a yawn, Lincoln suddenly worried about his 					decision to mix alcohol with his pain medication. When they slipped out of the 					door he yawned, and then again as he held open a cab door for her.

				Peyton sighed as she waited for Lincoln to join her inside the 					taxi. So far the night was going better than she had anticipated.

				“Citarella,” Lincoln informed the driver and then turned his 					attention to Peyton. “Have you ever been to this place?”

				“As a matter of fact, I haven’t.”

				“Good. I want you to associate only new experiences with me.”

				She grinned and was charmed by the corny line. “So when do we 					get to talk about you?” she asked. “I know you’re an artist—one with a lot of 					potential. But that’s all I know.”

				He hid a yawn behind his hand and then apologized.

				Peyton’s heart dropped. Am I boring 						him?

				“There’s not much to tell. As you know, I’m from Georgia. I’m a 					third-generation firefighter…well, used to be, anyway, until I injured my 					ankle.”

				Peyton’s eyes widened with excitement. “My father and brother 					are firefighters!”

				Lincoln perked up. “You’re kidding me.”

				“Here we are,” the cabdriver announced.

				As she watched Lincoln pay the driver, suddenly this whole 					attraction made perfect sense. The protectiveness and security she’d experienced 					in the elevator weren’t just her imagination. Forget Mr. Handyman, she should’ve 					been looking for a firefighter all along.

				They were late for their reservation, but were still seated 					rather quickly. However, no sooner had they sat down than she caught him in 					another yawn. Her ego was going down the tubes.

				“Are you sure you’re up for dinner? You look more like you need 					a nap.”

				After another yawn, he wiped tears from his eyes and tried to 					explain. “I’m sorry. It’s not you. I took pain medication for my ankle this 					evening. The side effects—” he yawned “—make me extremely drowsy.”

				She nodded, but the dent wasn’t so easily removed from her 					pride. “Are you sure you don’t want to go?”

				“Yes. Of course.” He reached across the table and squeezed her 					hand. “I’m having a nice time.”

				She studied him and smiled when she read sincerity in his gaze. 					“Me, too.”

				“You’re sure you’re not finding me too…arrogant?” He wiggled 					his brows.

				She laughed. “All right. I might have deserved that. And maybe 					I was wrong for trying to put you in a box, but you can’t tell me you don’t do 					the same thing.”

				Lincoln opened his mouth, but sensed a trap and closed it.

				“Aha! I knew it.”

				“Wait a minute.” He chuckled, holding up his hands. “I didn’t 					say anything.”

				“Uh-huh. What was all that stuff about women my type?” She 					enjoyed watching his face flush burgundy. “What’s the matter—cat got your 					tongue?”

				“More like trying to proceed with caution. I’m starting to feel 					like I’m standing in the middle of a minefield.”

				“Hmm. Smart man.”

				An older gentleman with a glowing smile greeted them. “Good 					evening. Welcome to Citarella. My name is Blake and I will be your server this 					evening. Will this be your first time dining with us?” he asked, handing over 					the menus.

				“Actually it is,” Peyton answered and glanced over at Lincoln. 					She nearly laughed out loud at how his eyes bulged. He 						noticed the prices. She leaned forward and whispered, “Is everything 					okay?”

				He blinked several times before he looked up at her. “Yes, 					fine. Everything is perfect.”

				“Great.” Peyton returned her attention to their waiter. “Could 					you give us a few minutes?”

				“Certainly. Can I at least take your drink order?”

				“A white wine will be fine—you choose.”

				“Water,” Lincoln said, closing his menu. “The medication,” he 					reminded Peyton.

				She nodded and waited until they were alone again. “You know, 					if you’d like to go somewhere else—”

				“No, no. This is fine,” he assured her with a smile. “Of 					course, I don’t know what half of this stuff is, but I’m open for an adventure 					if you are.” He winked.

				His dimpled cheeks melted her armor and she smiled. In the back 					of her mind, the cynic in her was busy trying to find something—anything wrong 					with him. All she found was a man with creamy dark skin, intense brown eyes and 					full sensual lips.

				There wasn’t a damn thing wrong with this man.

				“So how long have you been a firefighter?” she inquired, 					determined to fall for more than just his looks.

				“Eighteen years,” he boasted proudly, and then took a deep 					cleansing breath. “But I think it’s finally over. Even if my ankle heals 					correctly, I don’t think my career will ever be the same.”

				“What happened?”

				“I was beaned by a huge chunk of ceiling. When I went down, my 					ankle folded like paper.”

				She winced. “I’m so sorry. Have you considered going into 					another division of the fire department?”

				“None of them will give me that same rush of adrenaline, the 					same feeling of importance and making a difference.”

				She laughed. “You’re starting to sound like my brother. It’s a 					real judgment call on whether he’s in it for the civil service or for the way 					the job elevates his testosterone.”

				The waiter returned with their drinks.

				Lincoln laughed and reached for his glass of water. “Then we do 					have a lot in common. You said he lives in Decatur. Do you know what department 					he works out of?”

				Peyton frowned as she tried to remember. “Sorry. Not off the 					top of my head. I’ll have to ask him the next time I talk to him.”

				“Are you two ready to order?” Blake interrupted them with 					another charismatic smile.

				“Sure,” Lincoln said, reopening his menu. “I’ll have a number 					thirty-four.”

				Peyton frowned. “You do know that foie gras is liver?”

				Lincoln’s handsome features twisted in disgust. “Uh, scratch 					that.” He scanned the menu again. “How about a twenty-three?” he asked, glancing 					over at Peyton.

				She nodded. “A fancy cheeseburger.”

				“Perfect!” He beamed a bright smile up at the server as he 					handed over his menu.

				“I’ll have the same,” she announced, charmed by her date’s 					no-frills kind of attitude. “What happened to being adventuresome?”

				“I call paying thirty dollars for a cheeseburger one hell of an 					adventure.”

				“Very well.” The waiter snickered, and then disappeared from 					their table.

				“So,” Lincoln said, straightening in his chair. “What about 					you, Ms. P. J. Garner? Why don’t you tell me a little about yourself—especially 					how you ended up with the name P.J.?”

				“Well, P.J. is sort of a nickname. I found it also helped in 					business because so many people expected to meet a man when I went by my first 					name.”

				Lincoln’s gaze caressed her face. “You look all woman to 					me.”

				“Why, thank you.” Heat darkened the column of her neck.

				“So what does it stand for—or am I not allowed to know?”

				“I don’t mind if you know,” she said, shrugging. “It’s Peyton. 					Peyton James Garner.”





		 			 				Chapter 11

				“Are you all right, Lincoln?” Peyton 					reached across the table and squeezed his hand. “You look as though you’ve seen 					a ghost.”

				Lincoln forced the corners of his lips upward, but was unsure 					whether he’d mustered a smile. “Peyton is, uh, an unusual name for a woman. 					Probably not too many women named…Peyton.”

				“Uh, probably not.” She laughed. “I didn’t always like it 					growing up. The children were cruel, but I grew into it. When I started my 					agency, like I said, too many people had the false impression they were dealing 					with a man. I can’t tell you how many times people thought I was my own 					secretary.” She laughed. “So my ex-husband suggested that I start going by my 					nickname. It sounded more feminine. That way I would just bypass the initial 					confusion. It turns out to be the only thing he contributed to the 					relationship.”

				“Ouch.”

				She shrugged. “The truth hurts.”

				The meals arrived and Lincoln was unimpressed by the looks of 					his thirty-dollar cheese hamburger.

				Peyton’s cell phone rang again. She made a quick apology and 					reached for her purse.

				“Is there anything else I can get for you?” the waiter 					asked.

				Lincoln cast a questioning look over at his date and then 					answered the waiter, “No. We’re good.”

				“Very well.”

				“Michael.” Peyton shook her head as she read the caller’s ID. 					“No doubt Joey tattled that I had a date tonight. She’s probably calling to see 					how it’s going. Standard sister stuff. I’m just going to shut this off.”

				Michael and Joey? Lincoln smiled 					and rubbed at his temples. “So how is it going?” he 					asked, and then watched as her cheeks darkened prettily.

				“I’m having a nice time.”

				“Good. So am I,” he admitted, but then silence stretched 					uncomfortably between them. He tried to process what he’d just learned. He 					studied Peyton’s angelic features.

				“Peyton,” he said, trying the name on for size. “You were 					saying that you were divorced?”

				She sighed. “Yes, does that disappoint you?”

				“No. No. Of course not.” He reached for his glass of water and 					chugged it down with one gulp. “Garner. What is that—your maiden name?” he 					asked.

				“No. It’s Adams, actually.”

				Lincoln needed something stronger to drink.

				Peyton rolled her eyes. “I know, I know. Why haven’t I reverted 					to my maiden name?” she asked, and then proceeded to answer her own question. 					“Each week, month and year I keep telling myself to get the paperwork 					started—but with the business and everything, it’s more of a headache then 					anything else.”

				“Peyton Adams,” he repeated for clarification.

				She frowned. “Yes.”

				Too many thoughts raced through Lincoln’s head. Number-one 					concern was Flex’s reaction to him dating his sister. Lincoln’s eyes roamed over 					her again.

				Flex’s fine sister.

				“Any children?” he asked, injecting warmth back into his 					voice.

				“No. Neither one of us was ready for that.”

				“And now?”

				She sucked in a stunned breath. “Maybe one day.”

				“Maybe?” He leaned in, grinning. “I’ve found that most women 					have made a decision on this matter somewhere around puberty.”

				“Are we gender-profiling again?”

				He laughed and held up his hands. “You caught me. Sorry.”

				“Forgiven.” She joined him in his silly grin. “But what about 					you?”

				“Me?”

				“Yeah, you. How many baby mamas do you have running around 					Atlanta?”

				He nearly choked on his water. “None.”

				“That you’re aware of,” she challenged.

				“Whoa, whoa. I don’t have any rug rats circling the home 					front.”

				“Again—that you know of.”

				Fascinated by the way her eyes twinkled, Lincoln propped his 					elbows onto the white linen table and stared at her. “Okay. That I know of.”

				Peyton laughed and chalked one point for her on an invisible 					scoreboard. “You know, you also strike me as a man who loves to leave the toilet 					seat up.”

				“What?”

				“You do, don’t you?”

				“I’m tired of women complaining about such nonsense,” he said, 					laughing. “Learn to work the toilet seat. You’re a big girl. If it’s up, pull it 					down. We need it up. You need it down. You don’t hear us complaining about you 					leaving it down.” He smiled and gave himself one point.

				“Uh-huh. I bet you watch sports all the time.”

				“And how many episodes of Oprah and 						Dr. Phil have you missed?” he retaliated.

				“How do you handle arguments?” she challenged.

				“I handle them fine as long as there’s no crying and we’re 					clear that anything I said six months ago is inadmissible. In fact, all comments 					become null and void after seven days.”

				“What?”

				“Sounds perfectly fair to me.”

				“Can’t handle tears? Not that I’m a crier.”

				He shrugged. “Crying is blackmail.”

				Sucking in a breath, she continued. “How are you about asking 					for directions when you’re lost?”

				“Christopher Columbus didn’t need directions and neither do I. 					Just sit back and enjoy the scenery.”

				Peyton gave up and just started laughing. “At least you’re 					honest.”

				“Speaking of gender-profiling,” he said. “Not all men are 					interested in impregnating every woman they see—no matter how much fun it seems 					like on the surface.”

				Peyton giggled—damn it. Well, it’s 						certainly downhill from here. “Let’s make a deal,” she said, lifting 					her glass of wine. “No more assumptions.”

				“Or judging,” he added, raising his own glass. “For the rest of 					the night, we’re going to approach every aspect of this relationship with an 					open mind.”

				Their glasses clinked together and then he took a hearty 					gulp.

				“Relationship?” Peyton asked, after she had drained her glass. 					“That’s sort of a big word—especially on a first date.” Lincoln’s dark gaze 					settled on her, while butterflies fluttered nervously in her stomach.

				“Does the word terrify you?”

				She hesitated.

				“I’m going to take that as a yes. Now tell me why.”

				She cringed. “Why?”

				“Yes. Help me understand you better.”

				His plea was more than tempting, it was downright seductive. 					Add that to the way he was looking at her, and she was pretty confident about 					the way this night would end. Giggling, butterflies and a strong desire to see 					Lincoln Carver stripped naked and hovering over her were all signs that Peyton 					was a woman out of control.

				“My family,” she began, “places a lot of importance on 					marriage. Actually, at one time I did, too. In a family of six siblings, we all 					wanted what our parents had.” A smile hugged her lips at the sudden memory of 					her parents dancing around the living room cheek to cheek.

				“Their love was truly an inspiration. My two oldest sisters 					married replicas of our father, while the rest of us are hoping that we’ll be 					just as fortunate. I, however, have the honor of being the first Adams to have 					gone through a divorce. It sort of stings—and I guess it’s easier to point 					fingers at the opposite sex than to entertain the notion that maybe the problem 					is you.”

				“So all this male bashing is like a defense mechanism.”

				Did she say that? “You’re a fast learner,” she whispered.

				“Or…we have a lot in common,” he suggested.

				Peyton stared at him, once again loving everything her eyes 					graced upon. “Why aren’t you married?” she asked suddenly. “At the stroke of 					midnight are you going to sprout another head or something?” Lincoln’s rich bark 					of laughter wrung another smile from her.

				“Nothing as dramatic as that, I assure you.”

				The waiter returned to the table and refilled their glasses and 					then slipped quietly away.

				“I’m waiting,” she prompted.

				“Honestly, it’s just been difficult to find the right woman, 					someone who accepts the dangers of being married to a firefighter, for one. Plus 					nice guys always finish last. Beneath my armor of confidence beats the heart of 					a regular Joe.”

				“And a budding artist.”

				“More like a closet artist. Up until a few months ago, I never 					showed anyone my work. It was just something I did in between home 					improvements.”

				Peyton’s brows arched. “Home improvements? You mean 					like…repairing the roof or something?”

				He laughed. “Yeah, or something.”

				“What do you know about cars?” she asked.

				He frowned. “What do you mean?”

				“Do you know how to fix a flat?”

				“Yes.”

				“Oil change?”

				“Afraid so.”

				“You know,” she said, lifting her glass again, “I’m starting to 					think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship.”

				* * *

				“Has she made it back yet?” Michael inquired.

				Groggy, Joey rolled over in bed and glanced at the digital 					clock. “Do you know what time it is?”

				“Of course I do,” Michael huffed impatiently. “Which is why I’m 					worried about her. What do we know about this guy she went out with, anyway? Did 					you at least meet him?”

				“No, I didn’t meet him.” Joey rubbed her eyes. “P.J. is a grown 					woman and more than capable of taking care of herself. This isn’t exactly her 					first date.”

				“I think you should call the cops. New York is a scary 					place.”

				“How do you know? You’ve never been here.”

				“I watch the news.”

				“I’m hanging up,” Joey warned, plopping her head back down onto 					a pillow. “I’ll tell P.J. your news when she gets in or you can call back at a 					reasonable hour.”

				“Don’t you dare hang up on me! Aren’t you the least bit 					worried?”

				“No. She met a nice guy and what she does with him is none of 					our concern. She’s a grown woman.”

				“But—”

				“Good night, Michael.” Joey hung up and then rolled over in 					bed.

				* * *

				Under normal circumstances, a carriage ride through 					Central Park at one in the morning would have sounded a little suicidal to 					Peyton. However, taking the ride with Lincoln Carver had to be the most romantic 					thing she’d ever done.

				“It’s a full moon,” Lincoln said, pointing up at the sky.

				Her gaze followed his finger and settled on the large glossy 					orb hovering above them. “It’s beautiful.”

				“Just like you,” he whispered.

				She cuddled closer, this time suppressing her girlish giggle. 					“It doesn’t look so far away, does it?”

				“No. It looks like you could just reach out and touch it,” he 					agreed. His arm squeezed around her. “Would you like for me to lasso the moon 					for you?”

				Peyton laughed. “And what would I do with my very own ball of 					dirt?”

				“Hey, it was supposed to be romantic—lasso the moon, catch a 					falling star—you know, that sort of thing.” He laughed along with her. “You 					wouldn’t like any of that?”

				Their eyes met through the glimmer of moonlight as she 					whispered, “I would much more prefer it if you would just kiss me again.”

				His deep, grooved dimples made another appearance. “A kiss? Is 					that all?”

				When her gaze lowered to his full lips, she was hypnotized. 					“It’ll do for now.”

				Lincoln’s head descended in a slow arch and Peyton lifted her 					chin so she could meet him halfway. Nothing tasted as good as he did, nothing 					felt as liberating or as orgasmic as being wrapped in his embrace.

				It can’t be this easy, the devil on her shoulder whispered. 					However, Peyton had a hard time listening. She didn’t want to think this through 					and she didn’t want to question the emotions she was feeling.

				And most importantly, she didn’t want the night to end.

				When their lips parted, Lincoln peppered a few extra kisses 					along her face and neck. She sighed with contentment and inched even closer. 					With her head pressed against his chest, she listened to the soft, melodious 					clicking of the horse trotting and enjoyed the caress of the early morning 					breeze.

				“You know, this has turned out to be a pretty good night,” she 					said. Her gaze once again centered on the full moon. “Maybe I was a little out 					of line when I attacked you this morning. You know, that whole bit about you 					being arrogant and not my type.”

				She drew a breath and a smile fluttered to her lips. “I hate to 					think I’ve turned into one of those bitter women who don’t realize it.” She 					chuckled. “What I’m saying is…I wonder if we can continue tonight back at your 					hotel.”

				When Lincoln didn’t respond, she panicked and rushed on. “I 					don’t mean to sound forward or anything and I assure you I don’t normally do 					this, but I’d be lying if I said that I didn’t feel this certain attraction to 					you…and I think that you feel it, too.”

				No answer.

				Suddenly feeling foolish, Peyton pried herself out of his arms. 					“Just forget it. Maybe we should just head on back. It’s getting pretty 					late.”

				Silence.

				Frowning, Peyton glanced over at him and was stunned speechless 					when she at last discovered that Lincoln was sound asleep.





		 			 				Chapter 12

				Lincoln was out like a log.

				Peyton tried everything to wake him, but was unable to wrest 					more than a few moans. “I don’t believe this,” she said, panting. Once she 					caught her breath, she reviewed her silly speech and laughed at the 					situation.

				What was she supposed to do now? She’d no idea which hotel he 					was staying at, and it no longer seemed like a good idea to be roaming around 					Central Park at this ungodly hour.

				“Driver, could you please take us to the Palace Hotel? I’ll pay 					extra.”

				The man turned around and tipped his top hat to her.

				Rolling her eyes and shaking her head at the heavens, Peyton 					asked why such things always seemed to happen to her. However, she couldn’t 					quite make herself feel mad about the situation. Lincoln warned her he had mixed 					alcohol with his pain medication. However, as far as dating went, this night 					deserved a place in the record books.

				At the Palace, it took three bellboys and one doorman to carry 					Lincoln up to Peyton’s suite. When they arrived, they placed her large date on a 					Victorian sofa in the suite’s living room.

				She tipped the men generously, and then closed the door behind 					them. When she turned around, Joey bolted from the bedroom through the French 					doors.

				“It’s about time you made it back. Do you know what time— 					Ohmigosh,” she gasped when her gaze landed on Lincoln. She covered her scantily 					clad body with her hands and raced back through the doors. “I’m sorry, I didn’t 					know you had company,” she cried out.

				Peyton laughed and wished she’d caught that performance on 					video. “It’s okay,” she said. “He’s out cold.” She removed Lincoln’s jacket from 					her shoulder and draped it over a high-back chair.

				The French doors slid open again and Joey peeked out. “What’s 					he doing here?”

				“He’s my date.” Peyton kicked off her shoes and headed over to 					the sofa.

				Joey opened the door farther and timidly stepped through. This 					time she wore a gold satin robe. “Well, what the hell is wrong with him? What 					did you do?”

				“Me?” Peyton sat on the end of the sofa and began removing 					Lincoln’s shoes. “What makes you think I did something to him?”

				“I don’t know. The fact that he looks comatose might have 					something to do with it.” Joey reached them and peered down at him. “You didn’t 					slip something into his drink, did you? That’s illegal, you know.”

				“Will you relax? I didn’t do anything. He mixed some type of 					painkillers with alcohol and it knocked him out.” She eased off one of his 					socks.

				“Damn,” Joey gasped. “That’s a big foot.” Her eyes sparkled as 					they lifted and met Peyton’s. “You know what they say about a man with big 					feet.”

				“Can it, Joey.” She reached for his other leg. “I can do 					without the commentary.”

				“Hey, isn’t he the guy you were freakin’ at the club the other 					night?”

				“The one and only.”

				“He was your date— He’s your new artist?”

				“I haven’t decided if I’m going to represent him yet.” Peyton 					stood and planted her hands on her hips as she stared down at him. He was 					actually adorable while he slept. Not to mention, he didn’t snore. That was a 					major plus.

				“Here, help me.” Peyton leaned over and started undoing the 					buttons on his shirt. Seconds later, they peeled him out of it.

				“Damn, is it getting hot in here?” Joey asked, fanning 					herself.

				One look at Lincoln’s muscled chest and Peyton felt the heat, 					as well.

				“Do you think there’s any more where he comes from?” Joey 					asked.

				“I don’t know. I’m starting to think he’s one of a kind.” She 					reached for his belt. “Help me. No one sleeps in Armani.”

				“All right, this is where I draw the line.” Joey held up her 					hands as she turned toward the French doors. “You’re more than welcome to see 					your new boyfriend naked, I’m turning in.”

				“Come back here,” Peyton huffed. “I need your help.”

				“Nope.” Joey smirked. “But I will leave with a few pearls of 					wisdom. Date rape is not the road you want to go down. Good night.” She closed 					the doors.

				“Smart-ass.” Peyton rolled her eyes, and then refocused her 					attention on the man lying unconscious on the sofa. It took her more than twenty 					minutes to get him out of his pants and the one question she had all night was 					answered: he was a boxers man.

				Housekeeping delivered an extra set of clean sheets, and in no 					time she had him all tucked in for the night. But before she retired, she found 					herself studying him while he slept.

				He actually appeared to be grinning. Who was he thinking about? 					And were there legions of women waiting for him to return home?

				She wouldn’t blame them. He was, hands down, the best kisser 					she’d ever had. Her gaze traced his face and then settled on his full lips. She 					remembered their intoxicating taste.

				Peyton glanced at the French doors.

				Temptation tugged at her and she took another glance at that 					beautiful mouth. What would it hurt?

				She looked at the door again while her knees folded. Just one little kiss. Surely, that would be okay.

				Her knees touched the carpet, while her eyes remained locked on 					his lips. “Well, Mr. Carver, I had a wonderful evening. Right up to the point 					where you fell asleep on me.” She smiled. “Even then, you made it a night I’ll 					never forget. But I have to tell you…” She leaned in close. “You passed up on an 					opportunity for us to make beautiful music together.”

				As if he’d heard her, Lincoln sighed and snuggled deeper into 					the sheets.

				“I would have rocked your world,” she whispered. “You see, I do 					this amazing thing with my hips.” Another long moan escaped him and a wider 					smile eased across her lips. She soaked in every detail of his features, 					determined not to forget a single line or plane that made him such a beautiful 					specimen.

				“I would love to learn whatever tricks you have in your 					repertoire. Something tells me that kissing you is just the tip of the iceberg.” 					She brushed the back of her hand along the side of his cheek. So soft.

				“Good night, Lincoln.” She leaned forward and pressed her lips 					against his. To her amazement, Peyton felt him return the kiss. She closed her 					eyes and allowed her world to spin out of control. If this was wrong, Lord, she 					didn’t want to be right.

				All too soon, the kiss ended and Lincoln drifted back to 					sleep.

				Smiling, she stood up and turned off all the lights before she 					joined Joey behind the French doors. She tiptoed around quietly while she 					undressed.

				Joey’s sigh filled the room. “You’re humming.”

				Peyton covered her mouth and then just as quickly lowered her 					hand. “Sorry,” she said, and then climbed into bed still feeling giddy as a 					schoolgirl.

				“By the way,” Joey whispered, “I’m glad you finally kissed 					him.”





		 			 				Chapter 13

				Yards of sapphire swirled inside Lincoln’s 					head as well as the sound of an angel’s laughter. He moaned as he stretched his 					body out as far as it would go before it snapped back contently beneath the 					covers.

				“What a night, what a night,” he groaned, but as he tried to 					recall specific details, he smacked into a mental roadblock.

				There was the museum, the restaurant—Flex! His eyes bolted 					open. P.J. is Peyton Adams—Flex’s sister. He sat up, but was immediately stunned by his 					surroundings. “Where in the hell am I?” He glanced around again, but nothing 					about the elaborate room triggered a memory.

				“Oh, good morning. You’re finally up.”

				Lincoln’s head swiveled toward the French doors where Peyton 					sauntered through in a short satin robe. Those incredible legs strolled forward 					and hypnotized him on the spot.

				“I was just about to make some coffee. Do you want some?”

				What the hell happened last night? 					“I…huh?” He jumped, but was shocked to discover he was in his boxers. He fell 					back onto the sofa and scrambled to cover himself again. No, I didn’t. I didn’t sleep with my buddy’s sister.

				Peyton frowned. “Are you all right?”

				“Fine, fine.” He pulled the sheet up to his chin. “What, uh, 					where—what exactly happened last night?”

				Her eyes sparkled as her lips curled up. “Don’t tell me you 					don’t remember?”

				One of her hands drifted seductively in front of her robe and 					Lincoln’s gaze followed its slow descent to the belt of her robe. Couldn’t she do something with her hips? As a lump 					swelled in his throat, he performed a series of coughs to try and clear it, but 					nothing was working.

				“Did we, uh, you know—”

				“Have sex?” she finished for him and lowered herself onto the 					cushion next to him.

				Not trusting himself to speak, Lincoln bobbed his head and 					tensed in anticipation of her answer.

				But she didn’t respond; instead her smile slid wider and she 					took her time crossing her sleek, toned legs.

				“I think my, uh…medication and that champagne finally caught up 					with me and…what happened?”

				Peyton rolled her eyes. “C’mon, don’t play with me. You told me 					last night was the best night of your life.”

				“Oh, he’s finally up?”

				Lincoln’s gaze jerked to another beauty standing in front of 					the French doors. She looked a lot like Peyton, maybe a few inches taller, and 					wore a short, cropped hairdo. The disturbing fact was that she, too, wore only a 					satin robe.

				“So how did you sleep, lover boy?”

				“You do remember Joey, don’t you” Peyton asked.

				Lincoln felt light-headed. Surely, he didn’t…wouldn’t…not both 					of them.

				“I don’t think he remembers you, Joey.” Peyton jabbed her fists 					into her hips.

				Meanwhile, Joey fluttered a hand across her heart. “You have to 					be kidding me. And after all we did for him last night?”

				“Goes to show you can never judge a book by its cover.”

				“Wait, wait.” Lincoln stood up, but held the sheet around his 					body. “I apologize, ladies. It doesn’t sound like I was at all myself last 					night. And I am so sorry. I wasn’t thinking when I 					had that glass of champagne. Had I known it would produce this sort of side 					effect—”

				“Lincoln—”

				“I mean, not that any man wouldn’t love to be with such 					beautiful women—”

				“Linc—”

				“It’s just that…I don’t usually—”

				“Lincoln, nothing happened,” Peyton blurted out.

				He blinked, straightened and then turned his confused 					expression toward Peyton. “But you just said—”

				“April fools.” She shrugged, and then laughed.

				Joey joined in. “You should’ve seen your face. Priceless.” She 					disappeared behind the French doors again.

				Peyton stood and shrugged her shoulders. “I hope you’re not 					mad, but I figured I owed you one for passing out on me last night.”

				Relieved beyond belief, Lincoln lowered himself back onto the 					sofa. “Oh, thank God.” He exhaled and glanced around. “You wouldn’t happen to 					know where my clothes are?”

				“You’re leaving?”

				He clutched his sheet and noticed her wounded expression. 					“Well, I do…need to be heading back. I have some other things I need to take 					care of before I catch my flight tonight.”

				“You’re going back to Atlanta tonight?”

				“Afraid so,” he whispered. He didn’t want to go, but there were 					definitely some things he needed to clear with Flex before he could ever 					consider pursuing anything with Peyton.

				“I see.” She broke eye contact and braided her hands together. 					“Well, it was certainly interesting meeting you.”

				Lincoln didn’t want to end things with Peyton. He just wanted 					to get a permission slip first. “You’re acting as if this is goodbye.”

				She folded her arms and struggled to put on a professional 					face. “Oh, yeah. You’re still looking for an agent.”

				He unwrapped the sheet from his body and stood before her in 					his boxers. “Yes. I still need an agent, but I don’t think it’s a wise idea that 					you and I work together.”

				“Why? I thought we’ve already been through this. I’m more than 					capable of separating business from my personal life.”

				“I believe you,” Lincoln said simply, and closed the small 					distance between them. “But it’s not you I’m worried about.”

				When his meaning dawned on Peyton, her cheeks darkened. He 					cupped her chin and tilted it up so their gazes met. “So, it’s not goodbye, 					right?”

				She swallowed and slowly shook her head.

				“Good.” He leaned forward and kissed her, but then he smiled 					against her lips at the sound of her gentle sigh. Flex was right again. Women 					who were tough as nails on the outside were soft and warm on the inside.

				When her arms glided around his shoulders, Lincoln hardened at 					the feel of her breasts against his chest. He groaned and slid his hands down 					her curvy body.

				“I see you two need to be alone.”

				Joey’s interruption shattered the moment. Peyton and Lincoln 					jumped guiltily away from each other.

				Peyton clutched at her robe. “We were, uh—”

				“Uh, yeah, I was just leaving.” Lincoln glanced around and 					spotted his clothes folded in a chair.

				“No need. I’m heading out,” Joey said, waltzing to the door. 					She had already dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a tight T-shirt with the 					slogan got milk written across it.

				Lincoln panicked. If he was left alone with Peyton, it would be 					too late to clear things with Flex. “I have to go, too.” He snatched up his 					pants and hobbled while he put them on.

				“You know, I can order up some breakfast,” Peyton offered.

				“Oh, no. That won’t be necessary.” He slid on his shirt but 					didn’t bother buttoning it. Shoes went on next, while socks were stuffed into 					his pockets.

				“Are you sure? It shouldn’t take—”

				“Yeah, I’m sure.” He grabbed his cane. “I’ll call you,” he 					said, bolting toward the door and fastening his pants as he went.

				Joey jumped out of his way.

				Lincoln snatched open the door and nearly collided into the 					housekeeper. “Sorry, ma’am.” He turned again and flashed a smile at a stunned 					Peyton. “I swear, I’ll call you.”

				Peyton blinked and he was gone.

				“He’s cute,” Joey said, crossing her arms. “But there’s 					definitely something strange about him.”

				Peyton couldn’t agree more.





		 			 				Chapter 14

				After surviving a forty-eight-hour shift at 					Local 1492, Flex rewarded himself with a hot shower and a seaweed-and-cucumber 					facial mask. He could tell that his self-imposed mourning for his ten-year 					relationship was nearly at an end, because he was beginning to long for 					companionship.

				Kicking back in his easy chair, while the soft soothing sounds 					of the ocean played on his stereo, Flex was just drifting off to sleep when the 					telephone rang.

				Why didn’t I unplug that thing?

				The ringing continued, but he lacked the energy to get up and 					answer it. After a few more rings, the call was transferred to the answering 					machine.

				“C’mon, c’mon. I know you’re there.” Michael’s voice blasted 					through the speakerphone. “Pick up. There’s something I have to tell you.”

				Flex groaned.

				“If you don’t pick up, I’m just going to hang up and call 					back.”

				Finally he got up. “Yeah, what is it?”

				“Is that any way to talk to your older sister?” she asked 					cheerfully. “Your sister who is getting married?”

				Flex shrugged. “So what’s new? You’ve been engaged for four 					years.”

				“Ha-ha. Keep that up and I won’t invite you to my wedding in 					July.”

				“In three months?”

				“Yes,” she shrieked. “Can you believe it? We’ve finally set a 					date.”

				He blinked and stuttered for the right words. “That’s great…and 					so soon.”

				“I know. The sooner the better, don’t you think? I don’t want 					to chance Phil selecting a date next year or something. Then I would’ve been 					engaged for five years and I’m just not going out 					like that.”

				Flex laughed. “Well, this is great. Congrats!”

				“You’re coming, right?”

				“Ooh,” he said, cringing. “With it being short notice—”

				“Francis Marion Adams, you swore when you left here you’d come 					back for my wedding and you better believe I’m holding you to that.”

				“All right, all right. I’ll be there. What’s the date?”

				“July Fourth.”

				“Starting the marriage off with a bang,” he laughed.

				“Just another reason to celebrate. Plus, this way Phil won’t be 					able to forget our anniversary.”

				“If you say so.” Flex returned to his armchair and kicked his 					feet up. “Fourth of July, I got it.”

				“Great. Try to show up a few days early so everyone can play 					catch-up with you.”

				“Will do.” He yawned.

				“And don’t forget to bring that handsome new boyfriend of yours 					Peyton told us about.”

				Flex sat up. “Huh?”

				“Trey Carter. Isn’t that his name? Boy, the whole family can’t 					wait to meet him. Even Dad.”

				“Dad?”

				“Oh, boy, Flex. You would be so proud of him. He’s really 					trying to come around and understand this whole alternative lifestyle 					thing.”

				“I’m gay, Michael, not Chinese.”

				“C’mon. You know what I mean. He loves you and he’s trying his 					best. Give him a chance.”

				Flex sighed. “Maybe you’re right.”

				“Of course I am. What better way for him to understand you than 					for him to meet the new love of your life?”

				“Uh, about Trey—”

				“I’m also looking forward to meeting him. I hope he’s able to 					pass the ‘sisters test.’” She laughed. “But I’m sure he’ll be fine.”

				“Trey’s not going to be able to come.”

				“Why not?”

				“Well, it is short notice. We both 					can’t just…you know, just up and leave.”

				“You haven’t even asked him.”

				“I don’t have to ask. You know how it is in a department. Our 					schedules rarely allow us time together, let alone allow time for both of us to 					fly across the country. It will be difficult enough for just me to get the time 					off.”

				She fell silent for a moment. “Then maybe we should bring the 					wedding to you?”

				Flex knew Michael was crazy enough to do just that. “No, no. 					That’s way too much trouble. I’ll talk to him. I’m sure we’ll be able to work 					something out.”

				“Are you sure? I mean, it’ll be more expensive if we come out 					there, but I’m sure I can get everyone to agree. We’ve all been dying to come 					out and visit, anyway.”

				“No, no. I won’t put the family through that kind of 					inconvenience. We’ll be there.”

				“You promise?”

				He winced and dropped his head into the palm of hand. “Yeah, I 					promise.”

				* * *

				“Fifty bucks he doesn’t call.” Peyton slammed her 					clothes into her new suitcase. Anger was the only thing that prevented her from 					crying. “Not that I care.”

				“If he doesn’t, then to hell with him,” Joey huffed, plopping 					down on her bed while she watched Peyton pack. “I thought we weren’t leaving 					until tomorrow.”

				“There’s no crime in getting ready early, is there?” she 					snapped.

				“No. Not at all.” Joey held up her hands. “I’m surprised you’re 					so upset. It was just one date. Yeah, he’s cute and 					all, but—”

				“Who said I was upset? I don’t care if he ever calls.”

				“Uh-huh.” Joey folded her legs so she could sit Indian style. 					“For someone who didn’t get laid, you sure are showing signs of being 					sprung.”

				“I’m not sprung.” Peyton dropped to her knees and searched 					under the bed for a missing pump.

				“If he calls—not that you care whether he does or not—will you 					go out with him again?”

				Peyton stopped. “I don’t know. I’d have to think about it.”

				“Oh, boy. You really do have it bad.”

				“Look, I’m not going to lie and say I had a terrible time last 					night.”

				“Even though he fell asleep on you?”

				“It wasn’t his fault, he mixed alcohol with his 					medication—”

				“And he ran out of here like you told him you were having his 					kid.”

				“What—are you getting off on this or something?” Peyton 					snapped. “Fine, I’m a little hurt. I admit it.”

				The room fell silent before Joey responded, “Sorry, P.J.”

				Peyton sighed and climbed up onto the bed. “I can’t believe it. 					The first guy that stimulates my mind and fills my body with butterflies just 					blew me off like I was contagious.”

				Joey switched beds so she could drape a supportive arm around 					her sister. “Maybe there is a perfectly good reason why he acted the way he did. 					And who knows? He might call you.”

				Peyton rolled her eyes. “Please. ‘I’ll call you’ is the 					universal brush-off line. I should know. I used it religiously.” She moaned and 					fell back against the bed. Damn it, she really liked this guy.

				“Poor thing.”

				Joey stroked her hair for a few minutes and Peyton was 					beginning to enjoy their small pity party. “Don’t get offended or anything, but 					you didn’t get on a soapbox or anything on your date, did you?”

				“What do you mean?”

				Joey sighed. “Well, you know how you get. You start preaching 					about things you don’t like about men—they watch too much sports or they don’t 					know how to listen—and don’t forget how much you don’t care for metrosexual 					men.”

				Peyton grew uneasy. “We both…discussed the difference between 					the sexes.”

				“I’m going to take that as a yes.”

				She sat up. “What’s wrong with that? He had his own list, as 					well.”

				“Great. There’re two of you.”

				“That’s what I’m saying. We had a lot in common. And believe 					me, it’s refreshing to meet a guy with honest observations about the dating 					scene.”

				Joey groaned and shook her head. “There is such a thing as 					being too honest, P.J. How many times do I have to tell you men don’t want to 					hear what they’re doing wrong? It’s a major turnoff.”

				“It wasn’t like that,” Peyton assured her, though she was 					really trying to convince herself. Had she blown it?

				Joey stroked Peyton’s hair while silence filled the space 					between them. “Michael called last night.”

				“Oh, please tell me you didn’t tell her that I was out on a 					date.”

				“You didn’t tell me not to,” Joey said defensively.

				“Great. Now I’m going to be grilled by Curly, Larry and 					Moe.”

				“I don’t think it’s going to be that bad. She has other news 					that should take her mind off your love life for a while.”

				Peyton sat up. “I can’t imagine that. What is it?”

				“Believe it or not—”

				The phone rang.

				“That’s probably her now.” Joey reached over to the nightstand 					and picked up the phone. “Hello.” She rolled her eyes.

				Peyton shook her head and waved for Joey to tell her sister 					that she wasn’t there.

				“Yes, Michael. She’s right here.” Joey handed her the phone and 					whispered, “I had to talk to her all last night. It’s your turn.”

				Peyton sighed and grabbed the phone. “Hello, Mike. What’s 					up?”

				“I should ask you that question,” Michael said sweetly. “What’s 					this I hear about you being out all night?”

				“Just having some fun. Nothing serious.” Peyton pinched the 					bridge of her nose. “I hear you have some good news?”

				“Yep. I need for you and Joey to head back home and help me 					prepare for my wedding.”

				“You’ve set a date?” Peyton said with disbelief.

				“Can you believe it? It’s going to be on July Fourth. We’re 					going to have it at Dad’s house and I’ve already talked to Flex. He and his 					boyfriend, Trey, are coming down, so there’s no need for you to go to Atlanta. I 					need you here.”

				“Three months? That’s not a lot of time.”

				“Hey, there’s nothing the Adams family can’t do. So hurry up 					and get your butt back here. And when you get here I want to hear all about this 					date of yours.”

				* * *

				“Just call him already,” Tyrone said, cramming on his 					Yankees hat. “The worst he could do is kill you for banging his sister.”

				“Nothing happened,” Lincoln said as he poured himself a cup of 					coffee. “That pain medication knocked me out.”

				“Says you.” Tyrone winked.

				“That’s my story and I’m sticking to it.”

				“Well, I wouldn’t be going around boasting that I fell asleep 					on a beautiful woman. Trust me. It’s not going to win you any playa points with 					the guys.”

				“I’m not interested in being a playa.” He lowered himself into 					a cramped chair. “By the way, you should see the rooms over at the Palace. They 					look like highrise condominiums. We need to stay there next time.”

				“Sure. Just as soon as my rich uncle gets out of the poorhouse 					or you become this big-time artist, then we can stay anywhere you like. But I 					have to tell you, if your girl can afford to stay at the Palace, then she must 					be pulling down some serious cheese.”

				“I’m not bothered by a woman making more money than I am.” 					Lincoln shrugged. “In fact, I find it a bit of a turn-on. A woman who can hang 					with the big boys by day and then purr with me at night? What’s not to 					love?”

				“Purr? You know how to make a woman purr?”

				“Can we please focus? What if Flex flips when I tell him I want 					to date his sister? When I inquired about his sisters before, he just brushed me 					off—like it was taboo or something.”

				Tyrone nodded and crossed his arms as he considered Lincoln’s 					point. “I guess it would be in bad taste to screw over a guy who saved your 					life.”

				“Exactly.”

				“Then again, you could always act like you didn’t know it was 					his sister. Peyton Garner—Peyton Adams. It could be an honest mistake. You might 					be sweating over nothing. One date doth not a relationship make, my friend.”

				“Yeah, but I’d feel better if I had my man’s permission.”

				Tyrone snatched up the phone and held it out. “Then stop 					talking about it and call him.”





		 			 				Chapter 15

				“Leave me alone,” Flex moaned at the 					ringing phone, and then buried his head farther beneath the pillows. He cursed 					himself again for not shutting off the ringer or, better yet, yanking the cord 					out of the wall.

				The ringing continued until he remembered that when it came to 					his sisters, resistance was futile.

				“Make it quick,” he croaked into the receiver.

				“Flex?”

				Frowning, he tried to place the voice. “Yeah, who’s this?”

				“It’s Linc, man. Did I catch you at a bad time?”

				“Pulled a straight forty-eight, so make it quick.”

				Lincoln cleared his throat. “Nah, I think this can wait. You go 					ahead and get some sleep. I’ll just holler at you when I get back into 					town.”

				“I’m awake now. Spill it.”

				“Really, it’s—”

				“I take it this has something to do with your date last 					night?”

				Silence greeted his question.

				“Don’t tell me you crashed and burned.”

				“Oh, never that, man. Never that. I, uh, just wanted to swing 					out this hypothetical situation at you.”

				“Hit me.” Flex yawned and sank deeper in the sheets.

				“A friend of mine…well, you know how sometimes we as boys don’t 					like it when our buddies start dating an ex-girl or…family member—you know, 					cousins, sisters, aunt or what have you?”

				“I think so, yeah,” Flex said, slowly drifting off to 					sleep.

				“Well, have you ever had a situation when one of your boys 					wanted to date…you know, one of your family members?”

				“One of my ‘boys’?” Flex chuckled lazily. “That would never happen. Wait, I did have an old high school 					buddy that dated one of my sisters. Big mistake.”

				“Oh.” Lincoln cleared his throat. “Well, let’s just say that 					you were interested in Henry’s, ah, sister.”

				“I didn’t know he had a sister.”

				“Yeah, she’s a nice girl.”

				“All right.”

				“So anyway, you like his sister and you two go out a few times. 					You don’t tell Henry because he’ll nut up if he found out. So—”

				“Linc, if you care about this woman, see her. It’s an A-and-B 					relationship. Keep Henry out of it, but both of you must agree to that. If it 					develops into something serious, the only thing that’s going to matter to Henry 					is that you make his sister happy. If it doesn’t work out just make sure that 					you and Henry’s sister part on good terms.”

				After a long pause, Lincoln admitted, “That’s pretty deep.”

				“Well, I do what I can. Now I’m going back to sleep.”

				“Cool, cool. I’ll catch up with you later,” Lincoln said, and 					ended the call. That was much harder than he had expected.

				“So what did he say?” Tyrone asked, popping peanuts into his 					mouth.

				Lincoln glanced up and frowned. “You know that stuff in the 					minibar costs, don’t you?”

				“Yeah, yeah. I got it. How much could it possibly be?” He 					laughed. “Now tell me what he said.”

				Lincoln smiled and pushed up on his cane. “I would love to, but 					I have to go. There’s someone I have to see first.” He winked. “Wish me 					luck.”

				* * *

				Peyton flipped through the pages of Lincoln’s portfolio 					while the director of the Museum of African Modern Art briefed her over the 					phone about the success of last night’s show. However, five minutes into the 					conversation, Peyton’s attention had drifted. She was too busy trying to imagine 					Lincoln in the throes of creating one of his pieces. Of course, flights of fancy 					had him welding with nothing but a pair of boxers on.

				A warm tingle coursed through her body as she remembered what 					those large chiseled muscles looked like. Why couldn’t they have been alone this 					morning? Why did he have to fall asleep last night?

				“Ms. Garner, are you still there?”

				“Yes, Mary. I’m here. Uh, thanks for calling with those 					numbers. You and your staff were phenomenal. I know I’m looking forward to the 					next time we work together.” She smiled and added more small talk before she 					finally ended the call.

				While Joey was out shopping again, Peyton dove into work, 					making one phone call after another and pretending that she was already over Mr. 					Lincoln Carver.

				“It’s just lust,” she mumbled under her breath. “He’s a 					good-looking man, a great kisser—and damn it, why didn’t he want me?” She tossed 					down her pen and flopped back in her chair.

				Not that she was conceited or anything, but she’d looked damn 					good last night. Hell, she would have hit on herself if— “Okay, I’m losing it 					now.”

				She drew a breath and released it in a long exhale. What was 					she going to do now? She’d already finished packing for tomorrow, her heart 					wasn’t into working, and she didn’t feel like shopping—that was a miracle in 					itself.

				Maybe the best thing to do was to find the nearest ice cream 					shop and load up on some chocolate. She’d think about hitting the dating scene 					once she returned home.

				At the loud knock on the door, she frowned and searched her 					memory for a forgotten appointment. She pushed out of her chair just as the 					knock grew persistent.

				“Who is it?” she asked, and then peered through the 					peephole.

				There was no one there.

				Confused, she opened the door, but then jumped when an arm 					jutted out, and in its hand was a longstem rose.

				Peyton gasped and then reached for it.

				“I figured it would be a nice start to make up for last 					night.”

				She turned toward the sound of Lincoln’s voice. “I thought you 					left,” she whispered in surprise.

				Lincoln stepped forward and consumed her senses. “I made a 					slight change in plans. I hope you don’t mind.”

				“Why would I mind?” she asked. Her heartbeat raced and those 					wonderful butterflies returned to swarm her insides. “Would you like to come 					in?”

				“I would rather we went out.” He took her hand in his and 					brought it up to his lips. “Maybe even finish our date where we left off?”

				“A ride through Central Park?”

				“For starters.” He backed her against the door frame. “And then 					afterward, perhaps we could—”

				“Go dancing?” she suggested.

				“Actually, I think I have to retire my dancing shoes. At least 					for a little while.” His head descended so that his warm breath brushed against 					her face. “I’m glad I came back to see you.”

				She lifted her gaze and when she met his intense stare 					everything melted inside her. “Kiss me,” she whispered.

				Without question he did just that. He kissed her with a fierce 					passion that she met and matched, while his hands drifted down her back and 					hips. When that wasn’t enough he pulled her close and molded her body against 					his.

				Peyton emitted another weak moan at the feel of his hard body 					pressed against her. The length of his arousal increased her body’s 					endorphins.

				She didn’t know what made him change his mind and she didn’t 					care. All that mattered was he was here.

				When the kiss ended, her eyes remained closed, while her mind 					drifted somewhere among the clouds. “I’m glad you came back, too,” she said.

				Lincoln smiled. “You should grab a jacket.”

				What was he talking about? She was burning up and she wanted 					nothing more than to relieve both of them of their clothes or to at least slip 					her hands beneath his shirt and enjoy the feel of his spectacular abs and 					mountainous chest.

				The door bolted open.

				“P.J., I found the perfect thing to cheer you up.” Joey looked 					up from her shopping, and then jumped back.

				Peyton and Lincoln stared wide-eyed at their intruder.

				Joey smiled. “I see you found something better to cheer you 					up.”

				Lincoln disbursed a hearty laugh. “Hello again.”

				“What are you doing back here?” Peyton asked. At this rate she 					was never going to get laid.

				Joey started backing up to the door. “Hey, I know when I’m not 					wanted. I’ll leave you two alone.”

				Lincoln shook his head. “That won’t be necessary. We were just 					leaving.”

				“We were?”

				He looked down at her. “Central Park, remember?”

				What’s the hurry? “Yeah, sure.” She 					glanced back at her sister and gave her a tight smile. “He’s right. We were just 					leaving.”

				Joey suppressed her laughter, but her face glowed a bright 					cranberry-red. “You two have fun.”

				Peyton stood and mumbled as she walked past her sister. “We 					were until you showed up.”

				* * *

				“Back again?”

				Lincoln smiled up at the same carriage driver from last night. 					“Everything’s better the second time around,” he boasted with a wink.

				“I just might have to hold you to that,” Peyton whispered in 					his ear.

				“By all means.” He opened the carriage door and assisted her 					inside. When he took his place beside her, he slid his arm around her 					shoulder.

				There was something about this woman that he just couldn’t get 					enough of. He wanted to talk more so they could really get to know each other. 					Yet at the same time, talk was the last thing he wanted to do.

				Pace yourself, pace yourself. One 					of the major things he’d learned from his past relationships was that there was 					such a thing as too much too fast; and he was more than aware that he and Peyton 					were in danger of doing just that.

				Of course, it would be nice to see what she’d look like in the 					heat of passion—maybe even to hear if she’d call out his name in the throes of 					ecstasy.

				“What are you thinking about?” she asked.

				“Things I shouldn’t be thinking about,” he admitted 					honestly.

				“Why don’t you tell me and let me decide?”

				He smiled at the sudden glint in her eyes and looked away. She 					was a strong woman who was unquestionably comfortable in her own skin and her 					sexuality.

				Peyton’s fingers directed his chin downward so he would meet 					her gaze again. “You can tell me. I won’t bite.”

				Easily seduced by her silky tone, Lincoln found it difficult to 					censor his words, like his relationship guru had taught, and spoke from his 					heart.

				“I’m wondering about what you’d look like while I make love to 					you.”

				“You didn’t have to wonder about that, you know.” She chuckled. 					“You could’ve found out last night—or this morning.”

				Lincoln grew hard at the thought.

				Peyton turned her head so her lips brushed against his ear. 					“You should see all the things I can do to you.”

				Erotic images filled his head, each one better than the last. 						Pace yourself, pace yourself.

				“I’m sure it will be wonderful when the time is right.” His 					reply had the affect of splashing cold water on the idea. “You know—after we get 					to know each other better.”

				She blinked and stared at him as though a second head had 					sprouted from his neck.

				Flex had warned that he would get this initial reaction. But 					he’d told Lincoln that such restraint was often viewed as a challenge by women. 					Besides, the last thing he wanted was to be nothing more than a weekend affair 					to this beautiful businesswoman—a course she seemed determine to set them 					on.

				Finally, a slow smile returned to her lips. “And when do you 					think the time will be right?”

				Now. “What’s your hurry?” he asked. 					“Are you looking for Mr. Right or for Mr. Right Now?” He leaned back. “I have to 					tell you, I’m looking for Mrs. Right.”

				She was adorable with her scrunched-up nose and furrowed brow. 					“Mrs. Right?” she repeated.

				“Yeah, you know, the whole one-man-for-one-woman thing?”

				“Mrs. Right?” She glanced around at the people they passed in 					the park.

				“What’s wrong?”

				“Nothing. I’m just expecting Candid 						Camera or something to jump out of the bushes.”

				Lincoln snickered. “Why is this so hard to believe?”

				“Do you know what the chances are of running into a guy like 					you who is honestly looking to settle down?”

				“It’s not as rare as you think. Men have different ways of 					going about finding the right person. But in the end we’re all looking for the 					same thing—something to do, something to look forward to and someone to 					love.”

				She stared at him. “I don’t know if I believe you. What are 					you, hooked up to a machine that makes you say all the right things?”

				Laughing, he turned his gaze to take in their surroundings. 					“Actually, I’m an old-fashioned man who’s tired of all the games. We both know 					that if we meet on a Saturday and sleep together on Sunday, the chances of us 					being together next week, next month, are slim to none. I’ve already given up 					the opportunity for you to represent me for a chance at a relationship. I’m not 					willing to forsake a lifetime for a few hours of sex.”

				She swallowed. “A few hours?”

				Lincoln glanced at her. “At least.” He smiled. “You still 					haven’t told me what you’re looking for.”

				Peyton rolled her eyes. “Honestly? It’s a pretty long 					list.”

				He shrugged. “I can’t think of a better time to review it.”

				The glint returned to her eyes and a sexy smile to her lips. 					“All right, then. I’m looking for an old-fashioned kind of man.”

				“Check.”

				“Let me finish,” she said, holding up her hands. “This man must 					know the difference between a Phillips head and a Reed-and-Prince head 					screwdriver.”

				“Check.” Lincoln crossed his arms. “I’m looking for a woman who 					knows how to use the stove instead of a microwave.”

				“Check.” She smiled smugly. “I want a man who knows how to do a 					standard oil change, fix a flat and rotate the tires on a car.”

				“Check, check and check.” He matched her smile. “How about a 					woman who knows how to use a vacuum cleaner?”

				“You’re looking for a wife or a mother?”

				“I’m looking for the mother of my children,” he responded. This 					was fun.

				“Children?” she asked.

				“Yes, children. How do you feel about them?”

				“I, uh, feel okay. Especially when I know that they’re going 					home with someone else.”

				His heart dropped in disappointment. “You don’t want kids?”

				Peyton glanced away. “It’s not that I don’t want them, it just 					that I’ve never allowed myself to think about the possibility.”

				“But you were married before.”

				“The whole thing was a mistake. I hate to admit that I was once 					one of those women who married for the sake of being married, but I was. Ricky 					never expressed an interest in children and neither did I. Once I graduated from 					college, I assumed the next step was marriage and took the first man who asked 					me. How pathetic is that?”

				“And now?”

				She grinned at the idea, a small boy with Lincoln dimples. 					“Now…I’m thinking about it.”





		 			 				Chapter 16

				Peyton enjoyed the rest of her ride through 					Central Park cuddled next to Lincoln. Despite her many visits to the busy city, 					she’d never taken the time to tour the park’s lush rolling meadows.

				It was a beautiful day for falling in love and that was exactly 					what Peyton feared she was doing. This was a far cry from her morning of sexual 					frustration. Now as she sat next to what was arguably her dream guy, her mind 					played Photoshop with images of their future children. Children. How 					pathetic.

				She loved every minute of it, and the day didn’t stop 					there.

				An early dinner was in the glorious Crystal Room at Tavern on 					the Green. While Peyton was no stranger to fine dining, it was apparent that 					Lincoln was stretching out of his comfort zone again to show her a good time—and 					she was charmed by it.

				However, the pessimist in her kept waiting for the bubble to 					burst. No man could meet her every expectation, but as dinner wore on she was 					beginning to believe that maybe, just maybe, there was one.

				“So what happens after tonight?” she asked.

				“What do you mean?”

				Peyton gently stirred her bowl of lobster bisque, while 					choosing the right words. “Well, tomorrow I return to California and you’re 					going back to Georgia.”

				“True.” He drew a deep breath and exhaled it slowly. “A lot has 					happened this weekend.”

				“Yeah. It’s a shame that it has to end.”

				“Why is that?”

				“Well…to be honest with you, I’ve never had a 					long-distance…relationship. I mean, I have friends who’ve tried their hands at 					it, but I’d be hard pressed to name a couple who was successful.”

				“So what you’re telling me is that we’ll be the first?”

				His response surprised and rendered her speechless for a 					moment. “There goes that cocky streak again.”

				“Is cocky a step up from arrogant?”

				“I guess you could say that.” She smiled and found it difficult 					to erect her old, familiar walls of defense, and as the night wore on she 					stopped trying.

				“What makes you so sure we have what it takes to make this 					last?”

				“Intuition.”

				“More like wishful thinking?”

				“What’s wrong with that?” He searched her gaze. “It’s not 					exactly healthy to enter into a new relationship expecting it to fail. If you’re 					going to do that, why bother?”

				Peyton swallowed. “You know it’s going to take me a while to 					get used to a man who tosses the R-word around like 					it’s nothing.”

				“Does it make you nervous?”

				Their waiter suddenly appeared and refreshed their drinks, 					which allowed Peyton sufficient time to come up with a good response.

				“It takes a lot to make me nervous.”

				“That doesn’t answer my question.”

				It doesn’t?

				Lincoln leaned back in his chair while his Cheshire cat smile 					slid wider. “Never mind. I think I already have my answer.”

				Peyton tensed. His twinkling gaze somehow stripped her of 					whatever was left of her defenses, and trying to acclimate to this new sense of 					vulnerability was frightening.

				“I like the fact that I make you nervous,” he said. “It means 					you’re scared of losing control.”

				“And that’s supposed to be a good thing?” When his warm gaze 					caressed her face, she marveled over what he could do without laying a finger on 					her.

				Lincoln leaned forward once again. “If it makes you feel any 					better,” he whispered, “I’m a little nervous myself.”

				She searched his eyes for sincerity and then smiled when she 					found it. “Then why don’t you look as terrified as I feel?”

				“I think the word is excited.”

				“You say tomato and I say—”

				“You really need to work on this pessimistic thing you have 					going.”

				“And you have to do something about this eternal sunshine 					thing.”

				He laughed. “So do you think you can fall in love with a guy 					you can’t stand?”

				“We’ll just have to see.”

				* * *

				“She went out with the same man again?” Michael belted 					into the phone. “Who is this guy, anyway?”

				Joey rolled her eyes and continued packing her things. “Don’t 					worry about it. It’s no one you know.”

				“I know lots of people. Besides, if Peyton actually has the 					nerve to see someone more than once, then this is a monumental event and the 					family should be informed.”

				“C’mon, Michael. We’re not the Mafia. I’m sure she dates plenty 					of men more than once. She’s just smart enough not to tell us about it.”

				“Name one.”

				“Ricky Garner.”

				“Don’t be a smart-ass,” Michael hissed. “I’m not talking about 					ancient history.”

				Laughing, Joey plopped onto the bed. She gave up trying to 					figure out how to cram six shopping bags of new clothes into luggage that was 					already jammed tight. “Let it go, Mike. When she wants the family to know who she’s dating, she’ll tell us.”

				“You know.”

				“Leave me out of it. I see, hear and know nothing. Besides, 					it’s probably not even serious. You know how P.J. can be. He’s probably just 					someone to pass the time with in New York. Drop it.”

				“There’s something you’re not telling me. How could you hold 					out on your older sister?”

				“You mean my nosey sister. Don’t you have wedding crap you have 					to get through?”

				“Fine. Don’t tell me, but don’t think I won’t remember 					this.”

				Joey looped the phone cord around her neck and pretended to 					hang herself. Michael was like an elephant when it came to remembering 					things.

				“But you’re right,” Michael added. “Peyton has way too much 					armor to get into anything serious. Forget I asked.”

				Joey exhaled.

				“But you’re still not off the hook.”

				“Of course not.”

				* * *

				Peyton and Lincoln laughed and talked for hours after 					their dinner plates were removed from the table. There was a wealth of things to 					do in the city that never sleeps, but the couple didn’t want to do any of them, 					nor did they want the night to end.

				To prolong their time together, they took in a Broadway play, 					and then a long leisurely walk among the glorious lights of Times Square. It was 					another beautiful night and the air was ripe for romance.

				“So you’re an only child?” Peyton asked, shaking her head. “I 					can’t imagine life without my crazy siblings.”

				Lincoln’s chest rumbled with a quiet laughter. “It would’ve 					been nice to have a younger brother to boss around, play practical jokes on or 					even frame for some of my misdeeds.”

				“Misdeeds? Were you a rebel without a cause, Mr. Carver?”

				“Afraid so.” He sighed. “As a teenager I would do anything to 					get my father’s attention.” He fell silent for a moment. “It always seemed like 					everything else was more important than me. Long hours at the fire station meant 					no time for Saturday football games or going to the zoo. Hell, his cars were 					even more important. I can’t tell you how many times I hated watching him wash 					and wax his beloved Bessie.”

				“Bessie?”

				“He named all his cars Bessie.” He chuckled. “I have no idea 					why.”

				She frowned. “What is your relationship with your father like 					now?”

				“Strained, but better. He’s been able to open up over the 					years. In the end, I think he’s just a man who’d seen too much in his life. Mom 					said it stemmed back to Vietnam, but he never talks about it. Looking at it now, 					I’m convinced he did the best he could.”

				The snapshot image of his childhood made a strong impression on 					Peyton. She even felt guilty for having the opposite experience.

				“What about you?” he asked.

				She closed her eyes. “My parents were great. They never argued 					in front of us. I never felt they loved one more than the other, but my world 					was forever shaken when my mother passed away.”

				Lincoln’s arm tightened around her shoulder as he whispered, 					“I’m so sorry.”

				A dull ache throbbed around her heart, but she lifted her chin 					and braved a smile. “It’s okay. You know, it’s true what they say about time 					healing all wounds.” She paused. “The thing that made me angry about her passing 					was that it was preventable.”

				“How—”

				“Ovarian cancer,” she said quietly. “See, Mom didn’t believe in 					doctors. Now, if we got a paper cut, we were rushed 					to the nearest hospital. But when it came to taking care of herself, she didn’t 					have the time.” She closed her eyes at the feel of his lips pressed against her 					forehead and reveled in the security his arms offered.

				Oh, yes. He’s a keeper.

				“How come you don’t talk about your job that much?” Peyton 					asked, switching gears. “Most firefighters I know talk of little else.”

				“Then I can’t possibly tell you anything you don’t already 					know.” He chuckled. “Besides—” he tapped his ankle with his cane “—I have to 					start embracing the idea of embarking on a new career.”

				“You still have a lot of options.”

				“True. And I’m sure no matter what I decide to do I’ll be great 					at it.”

				Peyton glanced up at him.

				“Too much confidence again?”

				She smiled. “It’s all right. I’m starting to like it.”

				He jiggled his eyebrows in a Groucho Marx fashion. “I’m making 					progress.”

				I’d say. Peyton smiled. Everything 					was happening too fast and normally she was too much of a cynic to be falling 					for any of it.

				Both fell silent and just enjoyed the sights and sounds around 					them. Soon, the lights were behind them and her hotel quickly came into view. It 					was time to say goodbye again.

				“You’re pretty close to your siblings, aren’t you?” he asked 					out of the blue.

				“Pretty much. We do tend to get on each other’s nerves every 					once in a while, but that’s pretty normal.”

				“Yeah, I’m sure it is.” He drew a breath. “Have you ever dated 					a friend of, say, your brother?”

				Peyton laughed aloud. “Oh, God, yes. Worst mistake of my 					life.”

				“R-really?” He cleared his throat.

				“The first boy I’d ever kissed was in Flex’s Boy Scout troop. I 					thought it was a magical experience until I’d later learned he told the whole 					neighborhood that we did more than just kiss. When my brother found out, he made 					a point to beat the guy up every day after school for, like, a month. Flex had 					also got expelled, but he got his point across.”

				“He’s really protective?”

				“Very—even though he’s the baby of the family.”

				Lincoln nodded as they walked. “But that was a long time 					ago.”

				“Then there was a time in junior high when I went to the prom 					with his friend, Tanner Beckham. Except I wasn’t the only one Tanner brought to 					the prom. He was the first playa who played me.”

				He made a face. “Junior high, huh?”

				“Then in high school, I met Ricky Garner.”

				Lincoln exhaled. “So, basically, it hasn’t worked out for 					you?”

				“That’s putting it mildly. I swore I would never date any 					friends, coworkers or neighbors of any of my siblings—and let me tell you, 					that’s a long list.” She glanced up at him as they entered the hotel. “Why do 					you ask?”

				He shrugged. “No reason.”

				Their steps slowed as they walked across the spacious lobby to 					the elevator bay. It was the end of a beautiful day…and quite possibly the end 					of their time together. It was a little late, but Peyton glanced at his hand in 					search of a ring. When she didn’t see one or an impression of one, she 					relaxed—but only a little.

				They’d reached her floor all too soon with Peyton grappling 					with how she was going to morph this budding friendship into something more.

				“Well, here we are.” She glanced up at him. “Would you like to 					come in for a nightcap?” she asked, but as Lincoln drew in a deep breath, she 					knew his answer.

				“How about a rain check?”

				She fought off her disappointment and embarrassment with little 					success. “Sure. That will be fine.” Peyton stepped back to put some distance 					between them and for her to maintain her composure.

				Lincoln, however, stepped forward and continued to dominate her 					senses. “Have you ever been to Savannah?”

				Peyton blinked. “Georgia?”

				He nodded. “There is this beautiful place on Tybee Island I go 					to once a year. It’s where I go for inspiration.” His smile sloped. “It’s not 					California, but you won’t find any fault with the beach or the laid-back 					southern living.”

				“Is this an invitation?” Her body warmed to the spark of 					hope.

				His eyes lowered to her lips. “I believe it is.”

				“When?”

				“Next weekend.”

				She sucked in a breath. “The wedding.”

				He chuckled. “Boy, talk about moving fast.”

				“Not us.” Peyton popped him lightly on the arm. “My sister 					Michael. She’s getting married this July. On top of running a business, I’m sure 					whatever free time I do have will be devoted to her wedding preparations.”

				“Oh, well. If you can’t come, I understand.”

				“No,” she decided suddenly. “I want to go. It’ll probably take 					me a few days to iron out the details, but count me in.”

				“Great.” Lincoln edged closer and slid an arm around her waist. 					“How about a kiss to seal the deal?” Without hesitation, he tilted her chin, met 					her gaze and leaned in for a kiss.

				While her head filled with clouds and her body with 					butterflies, Peyton tried not to get caught up in the moment. While he wasn’t 					the first good-looking man she’d gone with, he was the first to ignore her 					sexual advances. Maybe that was what intrigued her. What woman wouldn’t respond 					to such a challenge?

				It won’t last.

				Her body trembled as the kiss deepened, and her arms slid 					effortlessly around his neck. Even still, the cynic within her remained.

				The weekend may have been perfect, but soon, she told herself, 					this prince would turn into a frog—they always did.





		 			 				Chapter 17

				For three months, Lincoln occupied his time 					sculpting, seeking an agent, avoiding Flex and spending long hours in pillow 					talk with his new lady love. They had taken a couple of romantic trips to 					Savannah and Las Vegas as well in the past few months. He believed 					wholeheartedly that Peyton Garner was his soul mate.

				“I think you should’ve hit it when you had the chance,” Tyrone 					commented, as he set out the deck of playing cards and a tray of poker 					chips.

				“Haven’t you heard of ‘too much, too fast’?” Lincoln asked, 					grabbing a few bottles of beer from the refrigerator. “Besides, this is Flex’s 					sister. A man should definitely show a little more respect for a person who 					saved his life.”

				“Personally, I think Flex is turning you into a pansy.” Tyrone 					sat down at the table and started counting the cards to make sure he had a full 					deck. “Carriage rides, expensive dinners and no sex are all signs of trouble. 					You need to come back to the playa side of things.”

				“I’ve been on that side before and it’s never gotten me 					anywhere. I’m going to do the right thing this time—no matter how many cold 					showers I have to take.”

				“You’re not fooling me. Something else is going on in those 					showers. How could you be around a woman that fine and not be tempted to hit 					it?”

				Lincoln joined Tyrone at the card table. For the past month, he 					no longer required the use of a cane. “Who said I wasn’t tempted?” He shifted in 					his chair. Absently, he started playing with the poker chips. “I mean she’s 					perfect. Not only does she smell good and feel good, mentally she keeps me on my 					p’s and q’s. It’s amazing really. We’re so different—from our childhood to our 					careers—but yet we’re the same. Does that make any sense?”

				Tyrone shrugged. “Why are you asking me? I’m divorced. I 					thought Flex was your relationship adviser.”

				“Yeah, he thinks I’m secretly dating Henry’s sister.”

				Tyrone shivered as his eyes widened with horror.

				“I know.” Lincoln took his first swig of beer. “It’s a scary 					thought.”

				“I don’t think his sister has left her house in over a year. 					Doesn’t she have, like, fifteen cats or something?”

				“A few dogs, lizards and, I believe, a gray parrot. But don’t 					quote me on that.”

				“And Henry wonders why she has trouble meeting men.” Tyrone 					shook his head. “You know, he tried to get me to go out with her back in 					college.”

				“He tried to get everybody to go out with her.” Lincoln glanced 					at his watch. “I wonder why the gang is late.”

				“They’ll be here.” Tyrone stretched back and popped a few chips 					into his mouth. “So how long can you snuggle up to a phone? A brother has 					needs.”

				“Tell me about it,” Lincoln groaned. This whole abstaining 					stuff was new to him, too.

				“So how long did Flex say it was reasonable to wait?”

				“Why? Are you trying to get tips on the side?”

				“I’m just curious.”

				Lincoln shrugged. “He didn’t give me a specific date. He just 					warned me against doing it too soon. I should wait until I’m emotionally 					invested.”

				“What a bunch of crap. Men are always emotionally invested. I 					know I am.”

				“Yeah, right up until the part where you walk out of the door 					the next morning.”

				“Maybe so. But while we’re butt naked in the sheets, that woman 					is my entire world.”

				“See, that’s what I’m talking about. I want her to be my world 					before and after I sleep with her.”

				Tyrone groaned.

				“You know, this is where I was wrong before,” Lincoln 					continued. “You meet someone and you sleep with them and then you’re trying to 					backpedal and build a relationship. This time I’m going to build the bridge 					first before I cross it—with Flex’s help.”

				“The man is teaching you what he’s learned from his sisters and 					you’re taking that information to win one of the sisters. You don’t see anything 					wrong with that?”

				The doorbell rang and Lincoln stood up to answer it.

				“Flex said to keep the relationship between A and B. And if it 					works out, then in the end the brother is only going to care that you’re making 					the sister happy.”

				“That was when he thought you were talking about Henry’s 					sister.”

				Lincoln opened his front door and allowed his circus of friends 					in the house.”

				“Let’s get this party started,” Desmond shouted the moment he 					crossed the threshold. “I better warn you guys now, I’m feeling mighty lucky 					tonight.”

				“Bring it on,” Tyrone challenged.

				“Hey, where’s Flex?” Lincoln asked.

				“He’s not sure whether he’s going to be able to make it,” 					Walter said. “We can go ahead and get started without him.”

				Desmond chuckled. “Hey, when are you going to tell him that 					you’re tapping his sister’s ass, man?”

				Lincoln’s sharp gaze sliced toward Tyrone.

				“Sorry, man. You know I can’t keep a lid on something like 					this.”

				Heat rushed up Lincoln’s body. “I’m not tapping anything, and 					please tell me none of you idiots have said anything to Flex.”

				“C’mon,” Henry cut in, as he removed his jacket. “Give us a 					little more credit than that.”

				“Not to mention, Flex is a big guy,” Tyrone said. “He might 					decide to kill the messenger. If you know what I mean.”

				A murmur of agreement encircled the table as Lincoln took his 					seat. “Ty, I can’t believe you blabbed.”

				Desmond’s dark features twisted into a frown. “What’s the big 					deal? It’s just us. We share everything—unless you’re trying to change that, 					too?”

				Four sets of eyes narrowed on Lincoln and he was forced to go 					on the defensive. “It’s not like that. It’s just that I really like this girl 					and I’m determined not to make the same mistakes I’ve made in the past. I’m too 					old to be hanging out in the club or hooking up with the wrong type of women. 					Women I know going into the relationship are wrong for me. Then I see this 					exciting firecracker and, man, can she dance!”

				“So you actually met her at the club?”

				“Actually, the first time I talked to her was on Flex’s cell 					phone.”

				Tyrone leaned forward at this new piece of news. “You picked up 					his sister over his own phone? Have you no shame?”

				“No, I didn’t pick her up. I wanted to, but Flex sort of cut me 					off at the knees when I asked about her. So I forgot about it. Then I see her at 					this club and then the next thing I know she’s the hotshot artist rep I went to 					meet. Don’t you see? Fate is playing a hand in all of this.”

				Tyrone snickered. “I think you need to drink a few beers, do a 					couple of sit-ups and stop talking like a girl.”

				The men laughed as Walter finally started dealing the 					cards.

				“Besides,” Tyrone continued, “if Flex is such an expert, then 					why isn’t he married?”

				“He just got out of a ten-year relationship before he moved 					here.”

				The small group whistled impressively.

				“I have a question,” Desmond asked, opening a box of cigars and 					passing them around. “If you’re not sleeping with this chick, then what are you doing?”

				“That’s none of your business,” Lincoln answered.

				“Probably some hot and heavy phone sex,” Henry teased, and then 					elbowed Lincoln. “I ain’t playa hating. You got to get it any way you can, 					right?”

				“Change the subject. I’m not going to talk about this.”

				Desmond lowered his voice to do his impression of Lincoln. 					“Hey, Peyton, baby. What you got on tonight?”

				The table erupted with laughter.

				Walter leaned forward. “My thing is, you’re not going to be 					able to hide this from Flex for long,” he said. “What are you going to do when 					she tells her brother the name of her new boyfriend?”

				Lincoln drew a breath. “Trust me, that keeps me up at 					night.”

				“Why? You two aren’t doing anything.”

				“Still.” Lincoln shrugged. “But it’ll all be over next Saturday 					when I go to California for his sister’s wedding. I’m supposed to meet the 					family.”

				“Sure hope you don’t meet Flex’s fists,” Tyrone scoffed. “It 					would be a shame for the man who saved your neck to also be the one that takes 					it.”

				Lincoln exhaled as he peeked at his cards. “Amen.”

				* * *

				It was another day, and another pair of shoes was 					pinching Peyton’s feet when she entered the Peppermill. As usual she was the 					last sister to make it to the restaurant, and as a result, Michael lit into 					her.

				“Why haven’t you picked up your dress yet?”

				“I meant to get over there today, I swear, but I was held up at 					the office.” She glanced over at Sheldon, who was busy fanning herself and her 					big belly. “Are you all right?”

				“It’s just so damn hot in here,” Sheldon complained.

				It was actually a bit chilly.

				Frankie chuckled. “I think you’re going to have that baby 					tonight.”

				Michael’s face instantly soured. “She better not have that baby 					until after my wedding.”

				The girls laughed at the ridiculous demand.

				“You’re getting a little too controlling,” Peyton warned. When 					their waiter passed the table she ordered a Long Island iced tea. Maybe it would 					be just the thing to relax her.

				“So how are you, P.J.?” Frankie asked, leaning forward.

				“Busy as always.”

				“Uh-huh. You know I passed Cosabellas the other day…”

				Peyton stiffened.

				“…and I saw you in there buying lingerie.”

				All eyes swiveled in Peyton’s direction. Mentally, she counted 					to three, and on cue her sisters lobbed questions at her.

				“Who is he?” Sheldon asked.

				“When did you meet him?” came from Frankie.

				“Is it serious?” Michael tossed in.

				And at last from Joey, “Is it who I think it is?”

				Normally, Peyton would’ve been annoyed by her sisters’ 					questions, but all thoughts of Lincoln brought a smile to her lips.

				“Good heavens, she’s blushing,” Michael marveled.

				Sheldon covered a hand across her heart. “You’ve been holding 					out on us? That’s blasphemy!”

				“It is not.” Peyton swatted Sheldon’s arm. “And since when is 					it a crime for a woman to shop for lingerie?” That comment went over like 					bandits, judging by the number of neck swivels and eye rolls. “Okay, I met this 					guy in New York.”

				“I knew it,” Joey clapped her hands. “You’re still talking to 					that Lincoln guy, aren’t you?”

				“Lincoln?” Frankie frowned. “What kind of name is that?”

				“I like it,” Peyton defended. “I think it’s different and 					sexy.”

				Sheldon leaned back. “Hmmph. Any bets on how long this will 					last?”

				“I’ll give it two weeks,” Michael piped in. “By then she’ll 					have a list as long as my arm on what’s wrong with him.”

				“I don’t think so,” Joey said. “It’s already been three months.”

				Peyton settled back in her chair and crossed her arms. “Do you 					girls mind not betting on me like I’m some kind of racehorse? Just be happy I’ve 					found someone I care a lot about.” She shrugged. “He seems to really have his 					act together. He’s a strong man who loves working with his hands.”

				“Uh-huh.” Sheldon sipped her Coke. “I want to know if he’s been 					working those strong hands on you.”

				Frankie, Michael and Joey leaned in close to hear Peyton’s 					answer.

				“As a matter of fact, he’s been the perfect gentleman,” Peyton 					boasted.

				Everyone’s expression deflated and a chorus of “you poor thing” 					and “heaven forbid” echoed around her before they started laughing.

				Peyton joined in. “I know, I know. Gentlemen aren’t normally my 					type.”

				“I think ‘boring’ was the word you once used,” Michael said. 					“And frankly, I agree. The worst thing in the world is to fall for a guy who’s 					lousy in bed. I don’t care what anyone says, sex is important.”

				“Damn right.” Sheldon patted her pregnant belly for emphasis. 					“But without a ring, you make sure you wrap it up.”

				Peyton held up her hands. “I already know all of this. And to 					be honest, I wasn’t the one holding out. I’ve been giving signals all over the 					place and nothing happened. Now I’m sort of glad it hasn’t. There is such a 					thing as too much too fast.” She smiled to herself while her thoughts drifted to 					Lincoln. Their long talks every night caused a delicious blush to creep up her 					cheeks.

				“He didn’t even try?” Joey asked, frowning. “That’s 					unusual.”

				“Maybe he needs a little help,” Frankie teased.

				“Oh, I know a good doctor where he could get those Viagra 					pills,” Sheldon said excitedly.

				Everyone stared at her.

				“What? You stick to what works.”

				“I don’t think that’s going to be the case,” Peyton said, 					finishing her drink.

				“Well, it’s been three months. Are you guys at least having 					phone sex?”

				Peyton’s mouth slackened momentarily and then she remembered 					whom she was dealing with. “I’ll never tell.”

				“More blasphemy,” Michael said. “All I can say is if you’ve 					been talking for three months and he hasn’t so much as hinted that he wants to 					sleep with you, then maybe he’s gay.”

				“What?” Peyton waved off the comment. “He’s not gay.”

				“You’d be surprised how many men swing both ways. Go get any E. 					Lynn Harris book. Girl, those things will open your eyes.”

				“Oh, Lord,” Frankie said, rolling her eyes. “She’s gone 					crazy.”

				Joey spoke up. “I, for one, am happy for you. Three months have 					passed and you haven’t jumped on a soapbox about what you hate about this guy. 					Good for you.”

				“That’s because I haven’t found anything I hate about him. 					He’s…perfect.”

				“A perfect man?” Frankie chuckled. “Isn’t that an 					oxymoron?”

				“Sounds like one to me,” Michael agreed.

				“He’s perfect for me,” Peyton amended with a wink.

				“So when do we get to meet this perfect man?” Michael 					inquired.

				“Next week.” Peyton jiggled her brows. “He’s my date for the 					wedding.”

				“That explains the lingerie.” Sheldon snickered. “Sounds like 					someone is finally going to try out the goods.”

				“Ooh,” the girls sang.

				Her sisters had hit the nail on the head and Peyton was sure 					her face was as bright as a red rose. Bottom line: she was ready to take the 					next step. She’d loved their time together and she loved that he was her first 					and last call of the day. She wanted to move past dreaming about sex with 					Lincoln to actually experiencing it. And this time, she’d get her way even if 					she had to chain him to the bedposts.

				“Well,” Peyton said, while signaling their waiter for a refill, 					“all I know is no straight man will be able to 					resist me in my new Cosabellas.”

				Sheldon lifted her glass. “Here’s to P.J. and Lincoln getting 					their groove on.”

				Everyone lifted their glasses with a chorus of, “Hear! 					Hear!”

				* * *

				The day before Lincoln left for his trip to California, 					he stood in the center of Local 1492 Dekalb Fire Department. His old colleagues 					surrounded him and sang “For He’s a Jolly Good Fellow” at full volume. A current 					of conflicting emotions coursed through his body and clogged in his throat.

				Omar Preston walked through the crowd, carrying a large fire 					truck sheet cake covered in candles. Above the top were the words We’ll miss you.

				Even though he knew this was going to be a difficult thing to 					get through, it took everything he had to suppress the water works.

				The song ended only to be replaced by a thunderous round of 					applause. Lincoln made a feeble attempt to blow out the candles and received 					another whoop of cheers.

				Chief Zahn appeared suddenly at his side and pounded his back. 					“The department sure isn’t going to be the same around here, Lieutenant 					Carver.”

				“I’m not going to be too far away,” he assured him. “I’ve 					decided to take the fire investigator job with the city.”

				“Then we’re glad to still have you as part of the team.”

				“Thank you, sir.” From the corner of his eye, Lincoln caught a 					glimpse of Flex conversing with the captain. He excused himself from Zahn once 					the two men parted company.

				“Hey, buddy. You have a minute?” Lincoln asked.

				Flex turned and pumped Lincoln’s hand. “What do you know? It’s 					the man of the hour.”

				Lincoln laughed, but inwardly he wasn’t at all confident in 					what he was about to do. “I need to talk with you.”

				“Sure, what can I do for you?” Flex folded his meaty arms and 					met Lincoln’s gaze.

				Lincoln looked around and was uncomfortable with the fact that 					they were in earshot of so many people. “If we could just go where there’s a 					little more privacy.”

				Flex frowned. “Is something wrong?”

				“No, no. It’s nothing like that.” His awkward laugh cracked, 					forcing him to clear his throat. “Maybe we can just go into the captain’s office 					for a sec.”

				Still frowning, Flex narrowed his eyes to scrutinize him, and 					then finally he nodded. “All right. Sure.”

				As Lincoln led the way, he received a few more pats on the back 					and one good pounding by Omar that nearly caused him to cough up a lung.

				“We’re going to miss you, Lieutenant,” someone shouted.

				Lincoln waved to them and stepped into the captain’s office. He 					waited until Flex cleared the threshold before he closed the door.

				“Now that you’ve piqued my curiosity, what can I do for 					you?”

				One look into Flex’s intense expression, and Lincoln’s mind was 					wiped clean of the speech he’d memorized this morning. “It’s, uh, about this 					girl I’ve been seeing.”

				“Oh, this is about relationships again?” Flex relaxed and 					lowered his tall frame into one of the vacant chairs. “Shoot.”

				“Yeah, well, it’s like I said, it’s about this girl I’ve been 					seeing.”

				“You mean Henry’s sister?”

				Lincoln opened his mouth to say no, but there must have been a 					short somewhere in his brain because the word that stumbled out was “Yes.”

				“Okay. So what’s up? Has something happened?”

				Just tell him. “The problem is I’m 					feeling a little guilty for sneaking behind my friend’s back. I know you said to 					just keep this between A and B, but I feel like I’m being dishonest. The last 					thing I want to do is ruin my friendship with…Henry.”

				Flex shrugged. “Then just tell him.”

				“Right.” Lincoln nodded, but his burden hadn’t lifted. “What 					would you do?”

				Flex’s frown returned. “What do you mean?”

				Lincoln walked over and took a seat behind the captain’s desk. 					“If a friend of yours just popped up and said that he’s been dating one of your 					sisters behind your back?”

				“Probably kill him.” Flex shrugged and then laughed.

				Lincoln laughed awkwardly along with him.

				“Besides, I already had a bad experience once in that arena,” 					Flex added.

				“Oh? What happened?” Lincoln asked, but knew the answer.

				“Peyton married him. Big mistake.” 					Flex crossed his arms. “He broke her heart—more so than she’s willing to admit. 					There’s not a day I don’t wish I could open a can of whoop ass on him. So maybe 					I’m the wrong guy to be asking.”

				“But you said—”

				“See, this is why I said keep it between A and B. That way you 					can avoid a whole bunch of drama.”

				Lincoln shook his head. He didn’t like any of this. “No. I 					can’t continue to sneak around, like some kind of criminal.”

				Flex shrugged. “I guess there’s one other option.”

				“What is it?”

				“Both of you could sit down with Henry together. That way he’ll 					more likely be influenced by the sister than the back-stabbing friend.”

				“Hey!”

				“Sorry. I guess I got a little carried away.” He chuckled. 					“C’mon. It’s not all gloom and doom. Henry doesn’t look like the type to go on a 					rampage. He’s probably going to be fine with it.”

				Lincoln nodded and made his decision. “You’re right. I’ll wait 					until we can both sit down with…Henry so we can get his approval.”

				“Well, there you go.” Flex stood up. “I’m so glad that I was 					able to help.”

				Lincoln pushed himself up and beamed a bright smile at his 					friend. “I’m glad we had this talk.”

				“Any time.” Flex winked. “Any time.”





		 			 				Chapter 18

				“I miss you,” Lincoln confessed the moment 					Peyton answered her phone. He climbed into bed wearing just a pair of black silk 					boxers.

				“We’ll see each other soon,” her honey-coated voice reminded 					him. “And I have a surprise for you, too.”

				“Hmm. A good surprise, I hope.” He hit his night switch and 					folded his free hand behind his head.

				“I think so.”

				Lincoln’s imagination took flight as his already broad smile 					slid wider. “How about giving me a hint?”

				“All right.” Her voice lightened to a lyrical melody that he’d 					come to love. “It’s strictly for the bedroom.”

				“Really?” He instantly pictured her in a soft pink teddy 					fringed in lace and a thong back. “Is this a visual treat?”

				“You can say that.”

				“Is this something you wear?”

				“Not for long, I hope.”

				Lincoln developed an instant hard-on. “You sure know how to 					torture a guy.”

				“I’m only trying to give you something to look forward to. I 					know I’m looking forward to taking this relationship to the next level.”

				“The next level.” He grinned. “Are you sure you’re ready for 					that?” Her slight pause surprised and scared him.

				“Maybe I should be asking you that question,” she said softly. 					“Every time I hint at us, uh, getting together, you seem to take a step back. Is 					there something you’re not telling me?”

				“No, no. Of course not. Believe me, I want to be with you—more 					than anything. I also want to make sure that the timing is right. It’s important 					that we know what’s between us is more than a physical thing, you know?”

				“You sure don’t talk like any man I’ve ever known.”

				“Maybe that’s why you’re so crazy about me,” he teased. 					“That—and you’re dying to get into my pants.”

				“Am not!”

				“You know you’re trying to turn me into your own personal boy 					toy. Your bedroom is probably filled with a bunch of whips and chains.”

				“That’s not true,” she said indignantly, but then burst into 					laughter.

				“I can see you as one of those dominatrix chicks.” His image of 					Peyton in soft pink transformed. Now her shapely body was covered in black 					latex. She wore three-inch stiletto heels, a spiked dog collar and wielded a 					long snakelike whip.

				She laughed. “Guess again.”

				Lincoln wiped the vision from his mind. “Good, I’d hate to tell 					you that I don’t swing that way.”

				“Ditto. Although you might look cute chained to the bed.”

				“Not going to happen,” Lincoln warned sternly, but continued 					holding on to a light smile. “So tell me more about this surprise. Is it 					itsy-bitsy?”

				“Very,” she whispered.

				Lincoln closed his eyes. “Two-piece or a one-piece?”

				“Well, there are several. But what I’ve picked out for our 					first night is a two-piece.”

				Lincoln’s solid erection began to throb. “Describe it to 					me.”

				Peyton painted an image of her dressed in a two-piece baby-blue 					bra and thong set on the canvas in his mind. She twirled around in high-heel 					pumps and gave him an eyeful of her bare apple-shaped booty.

				“Absolutely gorgeous,” he whispered into the phone.

				“Can you picture it?” she asked.

				“Oh, yes.” The Peyton in his head walked toward him in small 					measured steps. As he gazed into her eyes, he saw the warm glint of desire.

				Lincoln leaned back against the room’s king-size bed and 					watched his fantasy seductress climb aboard and inch toward him. She didn’t stop 					until she crawled up the length of his body and sat straddled across his hips. 					From this angle, he took pleasure in admiring her hard abs and ample breasts. So 					much so he couldn’t stop himself from sliding his hands up her soft skin and 					cupping her firm breasts.

				Peyton, too, could see the created fantasy in her head. She 					could almost feel the way he gently squeezed her breasts. Her insides fluttered 					with excitement. She leaned forward and brushed her lips against his and was 					completely unprepared at how an array of emotions blended and snaked through her 					like a living thing.

				His hands deserted her breasts and glided to her back where 					they busily unhooked the bra. In no time the bra was sent flying across the bed 					and his large hands reclaimed the position around her sensitive mounds.

				Their kiss deepened. The taste of him was frighteningly real 					and earth-shatteringly delicious, but it wasn’t long before their mouths grew 					hungry and downright possessive.

				“Then I’ll roll you onto your back.” Lincoln’s ragged voice 					drifted over the phone. “And place small kisses down the side of your neck.”

				Peyton quivered and slid her hands into his short-cropped hair. 					It seemed to take forever for his mouth to settle around one of her tanned 					nipples, and when he did she whimpered. His hands, however, continued their 					journey downward. She lifted her hips to help him remove that brand-new 					thong.

				As she imagined his fingers dipping inside her, a soft moan 					fell from her lips and filled the phone line.

				Lincoln’s heart hammered. The very idea of her warm slick 					passage was enough to drive him over the edge. She was squirming beneath him 					while her body rocked to a rhythm he’d set. “Are you ready for me?”

				“Yes.” Her voice quivered over the line. Her breathing became 					nothing more than thin vapors. How was it possible to be shivering when her body 					was burning up? It didn’t make sense.

				Lincoln’s hands explored her body with light intrusive strokes, 					while his soft, full lips rained kisses along her breasts, stomach and 					thighs.

				“I want you,” he whispered. “I need you.”

				The declaration brought a sheen of tears to moisten her eyes as 					she quivered beneath his exploration. He described how his head lowered and 					Peyton could actually feel the slight brush against the triangle of curls 					nestled between her legs.

				Her hands touched where his mouth laved in their shared 					fantasy. He deepened the intimate kiss, reveling in her rich, hot flavor. 					Peyton’s nails raked his skin and, in no time, her husky cries filled the room 					and the line linking them together.

				“Come for me,” Lincoln instructed.

				“Yes.” Peyton increased her rhythm until she was shuddering and 					writhing against the bed. Suddenly everything began to tingle while air escaped 					her lungs in short puffs.

				Lincoln reveled in the sound that was taking place over the 					phone. So much so, his hand lowered to stroke his throbbing flesh. “I can’t wait 					any longer. I need to be inside you.”

				In the fantasy, Lincoln pushed himself up onto his knees and 					crawled up the length of her body. She reached and pulled him close, locking her 					legs around his hips. He found her mouth and shared her taste. An erotic kiss 					that only fed his pleasure.

				Slowly, he eased inside her silken walls and nearly cried out 					at how her soft, warm passage closed tight around him. A perfect fit—a perfect 					match.

				Gently, he rocked inside her, feeling that he’d at last found 					heaven. Her hips matched his tempo and both were in for an exquisite ride. His 					name fell effortlessly from her lips and soon became a chanted mantra she could 					not stop repeating.

				Greedy for more, she increased their pacing until their skin 					was dewed with sweat. The contest became who could outlast the other, but Peyton 					could already feel herself weakening. There was no denying that something was 					beginning to blossom inside her.

				Lincoln’s heavy breathing transformed into guttural groans 					while her name, as well as a few biblical ones, burst from him.

				Regardless, Peyton was the first to cry out at her body’s 					explosion. But Lincoln wasn’t too far behind and their voices blended in a 					glorious harmony.

				For a while afterward, the couple laughed at themselves and 					simultaneously tried to catch their breath.

				“That was intense,” she said, and then emitted a small 					yawn.

				“I know I’m good when I can put you to sleep.” He chuckled, and 					surprised himself when he, too, yawned.

				“Ditto.” She laughed. “Of course, you know that just qualified 					for round one in my book. If you were really here, that would have just been an 					appetizer.”

				“What is this, sexual trash talk?”

				“Hey, I’m just warning you,” she said. “I’m a woman who goes 					after what she wants.”

				“All right. Don’t start anything you can’t back up. When I get 					there I don’t want to hear ‘I’m too tired’ or ‘I have a headache.’”

				“Uh-huh. And I don’t want to hear ‘Oh, my ankle is killing me’ 					or ‘my painkillers made me sleepy,’” she equally challenged.

				“Okay, that’s low,” he chuckled. “You’re making fun of an 					injured man.”

				“There’s no disabled list in this ball game,” she warned.

				“You have yourself a deal.” He climbed out of bed and headed 					toward the shower. It was time for them to take that next step, he told himself. 					Mainly because there was no doubt that he was emotionally invested in Peyton 					Garner. In the past month, he had thought of little else. Their weekend 					excursions were nice, but way too short.

				The most important thing was, he understood her. Hot damn. For 					the first time in his life, he understood what motivated a woman, what made her 					happy and what she expected of him. And honesty was one of those things.

				“Peyton, when I get out there…we have to talk.”

				There was a slight pause over the line.

				“Is something wrong?” she inquired in a voice filled with 					suspicion.

				“No, no. Nothing like that. It’s just that what I have to tell 					you, I have to do it in person.”

				Silence.

				“P.J.?”

				“Yeah, I guess, but I have to admit you have me curious.”

				“I’m curious to see those outfits. So we both have something to 					look forward to.”

				She laughed. “All right. I’ll let it go. Your flight lands at 					two tomorrow, right?”

				“You got it. Flight 801.”

				“Then I’ll meet you at baggage claim.”

				“It’s a date. Love you, bye.” It wasn’t until the line buzzed 					with silence that Lincoln realized what he’d said, but before he could try to 					save face, her soft reply filtered over the line.

				“I love you, too.”





		 			 				Chapter 19

				Lincoln woke up on time, had his bags 					packed and ready, but the snag in his schedule came when Tyrone was forty 					minutes late in picking him up.

				“Sorry, man. Traffic is crazy.” Tyrone grabbed a few of his 					bags and headed out. “Radio said something about a tractor trailer being turned 					over on I-285. We’re going to have to take an alternate route.”

				“We’re not going to miss my flight, are we?”

				“Not with Superman at the helm,” he assured him. “I’ll get you 					there with time to spare.” Tyrone opened the back of his Explorer and crammed in 					the luggage.

				Uncomforted, Lincoln glanced at his watch. “I have a bad 					feeling about this.”

				* * *

				Peyton woke up early. Her body was positively humming 					from her heady experience with Lincoln last night. If he was that good during 					phone sex, what would the real thing be like?

				Stretching out of bed with a glowing smile, she headed toward 					the bathroom for her morning shower. Even then she was unable to get him out of 					her mind.

				Am I in love?

				As she stood still beneath the pounding shower, she considered 					the notion. I can’t be.

				Granted, what she felt for Lincoln was deeper than anything she 					had experienced before, but she was still frightened by the idea of giving up 					complete control.

				No. This was nothing more than having a good time.

				New York was great, Savannah was wonderful and Las Vegas was 					the most romantic trip she’d ever taken. The most amazing thing was that she’d 					been to all those places before. However, being there with Lincoln was like 					experiencing everything for the first time.

				She stepped out of the shower more confused than ever. She 					wanted to make love to Lincoln, but she wasn’t ready to fall in love.

				However, the words she’d spoken last night haunted her. “I love 					you,” she quoted herself. Why in the hell did she say that?

				Peyton turned off the water in time to hear the doorbell. 					Rushing out of the shower, she grabbed her satin robe and cringed at how much it 					stuck to her body.

				The doorbell rang again and she nearly tripped over the vacuum 					cleaner she’d left in the hallway. “I’m coming,” she shouted. A minute later, 					she reached the door and was surprised to see Frankie.

				“Good. You’re up,” she said, stepping into the house. “We’ve 					been drafted to pick up Flex from the airport.”

				Peyton closed the door behind her sister. “Whoa. Whoa. I 					thought Flex was coming tomorrow.”

				“Sheldon got the dates wrong. She blames it on her hormones 					being out of whack.” Frankie rolled her eyes, and then continued on to the 					kitchen. “You haven’t made any coffee yet?”

				“I was in the shower,” Peyton said, following her. “What time 					is he supposed to land?”

				“Three o’clock in San Francisco.”

				“I can’t. You’re going to have to get Joey or Michael to go 					with you. I have plans.”

				Frankie’s eyebrows dipped together. “What do you mean? We 					haven’t seen Flex in a year. Can’t you put off whatever it is?”

				“Lincoln is coming into town today. Two o’clock at the San Jose 					Airport.” Peyton leaned against the refrigerator. “I have a 						lot planned.”

				Frankie’s lips twitched upward. “Ah, tonight is the night, 					huh?”

				“You can say that.”

				“Since when is getting laid more important than family?” 					Frankie asked sweetly.

				“Don’t give me that. Flex is not being abandoned. There are 					plenty of other family members. Take Daddy. That will be a good way to force 					those two to start talking again.”

				Frankie held up a finger and started to protest, and then she 					stopped to think about it. “You know, that’s a good idea.”

				“Of course it is. I thought of it, didn’t I?” She winked. “I 					have to finish getting ready, I want to stop by the gym and get in a workout—or 					should I say ‘a warm-up’ in?—before Lincoln arrives.”

				“You go, girl.”

				* * *

				Lincoln missed his flight.

				“I don’t believe this.” He sank his head into his hands for a 					brief moment while he stood at the ticket counter. “When is your next flight to 					San Jose?”

				“Let me just check on that for you,” the male ticket agent 					said, and then began typing away. After inputting enough keystrokes for a great 					American novel, he looked up at him. “It looks like we have a spot on the 					ten-fifteen.”

				“P.M.?”

				The agent checked again. “Yes, sir.”

				Lincoln’s head fell back into his hands with a groan.

				The typing continued in front of him. “But if you’re willing to 					fly into San Francisco, I can get you on the one o’clock flight. It leaves in 					twenty minutes.”

				“It’s a deal.” Lincoln dug into his back pocket for his wallet. 					Maybe the day wasn’t doomed, after all.

				On his way to his terminal, he called Peyton at home and was 					disappointed when he reached her answering machine.

				“Hey, baby. Linc here. There’s been a slight change in plans.” 					He quickly left his new flight information and then hoped for the best.

				Minutes later, he was settled into a nice window when he looked 					up and was stunned to see someone familiar boarding the plane.

				Flex!

				Immediately, Lincoln shot out a hand to grab one of the 					airline’s catalogs and buried his face behind its pages. What if his seat is in my row? The very thought made him ill.

				He waited a few minutes while his stomach twisted into knots 					before he chanced to peek around the catalog. Just two rows ahead of him, Flex 					Adams sat in a window seat. When it rains, it 					pours.

				Lincoln lowered his catalog and took another look at his watch. 					Would he be able to avoid Flex’s attention during the five-hour flight? Lord, I hope so.

				* * *

				Flex was a nervous basket case.

				Armed with a new story about his recent breakup with Trey, he 					swore that he would never lie to his family again. It was just too exhausting 					and too high a price to pay to save face with Morgan. Of course, this story 					would undoubtedly compel them to throw the much-dreaded pity party. However, 					after a few days or months, it would all be over.

				Once the plane had finally taken off and he was permitted to 					remove his seat belt, Flex couldn’t remain in his seat. Every few minutes, it 					seemed, he had to go the restroom. It didn’t take long for his frequent trips to 					annoy the rest of the people in his row. After two hours, the man on the end 					offered to exchange seats with him.

				In review, he attributed his problem to nerves. Flex had never 					been a fan of flying. On one trip to the restroom, he noticed one guy who kept a 					magazine draped over his face while he slept. Maybe that was what he needed to 					do: sleep through the rest of the flight.

				This time when Flex returned to his chair, he bought a headset, 					selected a classical music station and forced himself to sleep.

				* * *

				Lincoln swore that if Flex stood up one more time, he 					was just going to put his buddy out of his misery. The man 						has to have a urinary tract infection or something.

				Rolling his eyes, Lincoln focused on his new problem. If Peyton 					was at his gate when…no, she wouldn’t be allowed at the gate, she would meet him 					at baggage claim. But if Flex was going to the same terminal, wouldn’t she spot 					her brother, as well? Flex was a tall man—not easily missed.

				Around and around Lincoln’s thoughts chased each other. He had 					no ready solution, other than to pray; and judging by his day so far, no 					miracles were in sight.

				When the plane was at last preparing for landing, Lincoln was 					mentally exhausted. Though he would rather talk to Peyton first, if today were 					going to be the day he confronted Flex about their relationship, then so be 					it.

				* * *

				Flex woke up just as the fasten-seat-belt light switched 					on. This was the part he hated: landing. He tensed in his seat as the plane 					descended and he fought back another incredible urge to run to the restroom. 					However, touchdown wasn’t as bad as he feared, and before he knew it they were 					rolling toward their gate.

				On cue, everyone stood and started removing their things from 					the overhead compartments. He followed the line out of the plane, feeling good 					to be back in sunny California. As he followed the airport’s signs, directing 					him to baggage claim, the excitement of seeing his family took root. This was 					going to be a great vacation.

				Lincoln stayed several feet behind Flex. The hope of getting 					out of this sticky situation was dim. At baggage claim, Lincoln lingered in the 					background.

				“Susie, come back here,” a female screeched.

				Lincoln turned just as a runaway child bolted by him.

				The mother, however, remained hot on the little girl’s 					trail.

				It was a small ruckus, but it was big enough to cause Flex to 					turn around.

				“Lincoln?”

				“Flex,” Lincoln exclaimed and forced a look of surprise. “How’s 					it going, buddy?” He reached his friend’s side and slapped his back in 					greeting.

				Flex’s expression twisted in confusion. “What are you doing 					here?” he asked, glancing around. “Were we on the same flight?”

				“Francis!” a male voice boomed toward them.

				Flex’s expression fell seconds before an older mirror image of 					himself appeared at his side and pulled him into a rough embrace. “Dad?”

				Lincoln’s eyebrows rose at the man’s identity. Peyton’s father. Together the two men looked like a 					large section of a brick wall. Tall, broad-shouldered and more than a little 					intimidating.

				“What, you’re not happy to see your old man?”

				Flex blinked. “No. It’s nothing like that…I’m 					just…surprised.”

				“Is that my handsome baby brother?”

				Lincoln watched a taller, thicker version of Peyton wrap her 					arms around Flex. The love she had for her brother radiated in her smile.

				Suddenly, she noticed Lincoln. “Oh, where are our manners?” She 					pulled out of Flex’s arms to approach him.

				“Uh, Frankie. Wait a minute,” Flex said, reaching for her 					arm.

				“Just a sec, Flex. I don’t want your friend to think we’re 					being rude.”

				Their father also approached.

				“Hi,” she said, thrusting out her hand. “I’m Franklin Becker, 					this is our father, Marlin Adams, and you must be Trey?”

				Lincoln blinked. “Yes, ma’am. As a matter of fact, I am.”





		 			 				Chapter 20

				“Welcome to the family.” Marlin’s strong 					arms pulled Lincoln into a tight bear hug.

				Unsure of what to make of this sudden turn of events, he cast a 					look over at Flex and was surprised to see his friend’s face lose much of its 					coloring. He tried to wait until Marlin released him, but the hug held on longer 					than was necessary.

				“Uh, sir, it’s, uh, nice to meet you.”

				Marlin finally released his death grip and stepped back, but to 					Lincoln’s surprise the man seemed to have tears in his eyes.

				“This is a happy day for me,” Marlin said, wiping at the stray 					tear that had escaped. “I swore this time, I was going to be here for my boy. 					But I have to warn you, I’m kind of new to this sort of thing.”

				“Dad.” Flex jumped to stand next to Lincoln. “We can talk about 					all of this once we get back to the house.”

				“Talk about what?” Lincoln glanced at his friend.

				“Flex is right,” Frankie cut in. “Let’s just grab you two’s 					luggage and head back to the house.” She draped an arm around Lincoln. “Everyone 					is just dying to meet you, Trey.”

				Lincoln’s eyebrows rose. “You guys already know about us?”

				Frankie released a girlish giggle that was nearly as adorable 					as Peyton’s. “Of course we know. Nothing stays a secret in this family. You 					better get used to that.”

				“What a relief.” He relaxed. “I can’t tell you how nervous I 					was about this whole thing.” Lincoln glanced over at his buddy, wearing a wide 					smile. How long had Flex known about him and his sister?

				“Oh, isn’t this great, Daddy?” She placed her hands against her 					face and then pulled Lincoln into her embrace. “I like you already.”

				When he was finally released, Lincoln puffed out his chest. 					“I’m happy to hear that. I like you, too.” He glanced around. “Where is 					Peyton?”

				“Oh, she couldn’t make it. But she’s promised to swing by Dad’s 					a little later.”

				Lincoln nodded, still unable to believe this turn of events. As 					everyone moved toward the conveyor belt spinning everyone’s luggage, Lincoln 					nudged Flex in the side. “I owe you one, dog,” he whispered. “You had me 					sweating bullets all this time.”

				“What in the hell are you talking about?” Flex hissed back. 					“Why are you here?”

				Lincoln frowned. “What do you mean, why?”

				“Hey, Flex, is this one yours?” Frankie asked, grabbing a 					bag.

				“Yep,” Marlin answered for his son. “That’s one of the pieces I 					gave him before he left.”

				Flex returned his attention and his angry face to Lincoln. “I 					mean, why? What’s going on?”

				Scratching his head, Lincoln tried to discern whether he’d been 					cast in an episode of the Twilight Zone. “I’m here 					for the same reason you are,” he answered.

				“I highly doubt it. I’m here for my sister’s wedding.”

				“I know. So am I.”

				“Why in the hell would you—”

				“How about this one, Flex?” Frankie asked.

				“Check the name tag,” he said, without casting a glance in 					their direction.

				“Peyton invited me,” Lincoln said. “Didn’t you guys just say 					that you knew about us?”

				Flex’s face lost even more color. “You…and Peyton?”

				“I thought you knew?”

				“How in the hell would I know?” he barked.

				Lincoln jerked in reaction and then glanced around.

				Marlin approached. “Is everything okay with you two?”

				Flex’s scowl was quickly replaced by a shellacked grin. “Never 					better,” he assured his father. “We’re just having a private discussion.”

				“Well, that’s going to have to wait. Sheldon and Michael have 					us on a tight schedule. They’re cooking dinner for you boys, and you know how 					they can get when things don’t go according to plan.” Marlin winked at Lincoln. 					“You’ll find out soon enough if we don’t hurry.”

				“You got it,” Lincoln said, and moved to search for his 					bags.

				A few minutes later, everyone had their things and headed out 					of the airport. It was Lincoln’s first time out to the West Coast and when he 					stepped out into the blaze of the July sunshine, he could already see why so 					many people flocked to the state of nirvana.

				While Lincoln followed Frankie and Marlin to an impressive 					silver Lexus LX, he couldn’t help but wonder why the two seemed to know why he 					was there and Flex didn’t. Had Peyton figured everything out, but hadn’t told 					her brother? But then why had he initially pretended to be in the loop?

				After all the bags were packed, Lincoln and Flex climbed into 					the backseats and waited until their escorts climbed in, as well.

				“Linc, I don’t know what’s going on, but you have to play along 					with this until we reach my father’s house.”

				“Play along with what?”

				Flex closed his eyes and wrung his hands. “Please. I’ll explain 					everything once we get to the house. I swear.”

				Lincoln had never seen him like this. “All right. Hey, we’re 					dogs, right?”

				“Thanks.” Flex heaved a heavy sigh, but he didn’t look too 					relieved.

				“Is everybody ready?” Marlin asked, taking his place behind the 					steering wheel.

				Frankie lowered herself into her seat and strapped on her seat 					belt.

				“Ready when you are,” Lincoln announced.

				She turned in her seat and flashed him another smile. “We have 					a guest room all prepared for you,” she said. “We want to make your stay as 					comfortable as possible.”

				“I’m going to be staying at your father’s house?” Lincoln 					swallowed. Was he being set up for an ambush interrogation? Did the older man 					always come off as a sweet, affectionate guy in the beginning only to become a 					CIA operative when no one was looking?

				“I hope you don’t mind, Flex. But I think you and Daddy 					probably need some time alone.”

				“I think we’ll just stay at a hotel or something,” Flex said. 					There was no mistaking the hint of annoyance laced in his voice.

				When Marlin’s eyes lifted to the rearview mirror to stare back 					at his son, Lincoln saw the hurt in the elder’s gaze.

				Frankie cleared her throat. “There’s no reason to be like this, 					Flex. This is a time for celebration and we should all work to make bygones be 					bygones.”

				Flex huffed out a breath, but he still refused to look at his 					father. “You know how much I hate it when you guys do things without checking 					with me first.”

				“Then let me ask you now,” Marlin said. “Do you want to stay 					with me?”

				Still Flex didn’t look up and he didn’t answer, either.

				“Of course we will,” Lincoln said. “We would be happy to.” 					Apparently it was the wrong answer, judging by the glare Flex shifted in his 					direction.

				Lincoln leaned over to whisper. “What’s the matter with you? 					This is your father.”

				“Good.” Frankie clasped her hands together. “It’s settled. 					Trey, I can already tell why you two—”

				“Frankie, can’t we talk about something else?” Flex said, 					tersely.

				“What? I was just going to say—”

				“Please?”

				“All right, all right.” She shrugged, and then turned back into 					her seat. “I can take a hint.”

				Lincoln frowned during the layering tension. At the airport 					everyone was happy-go-lucky and now it seemed some invisible lines had been 					drawn.

				Marlin cleared his throat and cast a glance over his shoulder 					at Lincoln. “So tell us a little about yourself, Trey. Flex hasn’t told us too 					much about you.”

				Lincoln cleared his throat. “Well, there’s not much to tell. 					I’m a retired firefighter—”

				“I say there’s no greater profession. Don’t you agree, 					Francis?” Marlin’s face blossomed into a smile.

				“Dad, please call me Flex.” Flex rubbed at his temples.

				“Yeah, sure. I forgot.” Marlin’s smile cracked.

				Lincoln popped his friend on the shoulder and whispered, “Get a 					grip.” He didn’t care if he was being out of line. Where he grew up, a child 					always talked to parents or any elders with respect. The way he saw it, Flex’s 					behavior was just plain inexcusable.

				“I agree with you, Mr. Adams,” Lincoln said. “I’ll miss being 					with the department, but I’m hoping that becoming an inspector will fill me with 					the same sense of accomplishment.”

				Marlin’s smile returned to its previous brilliance. “You know, 					I’ve been in the game for nearly forty years.”

				“Yes, I heard you had quite an impressive career.”

				“Well, I’m glad my son hasn’t just told you the bad things 					about me.”

				Lincoln frowned. “Well, both Flex and Peyton have told me quite 					a bit.”

				“Peyton?” Flex whispered.

				Lincoln met his friend’s stare and shrugged. “Yeah, she talks 					of little else.”

				In an instant, Flex’s strong hand clamped onto his arm. Lincoln 					even spotted a lightning bolt flash in Flex’s eyes.

				Frankie laughed. “Don’t tell me that Peyton’s been talking to 					Trey behind your back, Flex.”

				Now Lincoln was really confused.

				“Apparently,” Flex seethed.

				“Don’t get too angry, Fran…Flex. I’m sure she was just looking 					out for you. You know how your sisters are. They mean well.”

				Lincoln scratched his head. It was clear now that Flex didn’t 					know about him and Peyton, and most assuredly he would pay for that later; but 					if Frankie and Marlin also didn’t know about them, then what the hell was going 					on?

				“Play along,” Flex warned, with a note of desperation, and then 					released his hold on Lincoln’s arm.

				How could he play when he didn’t even know the name of the 					game?

				For the rest of the ride, the conversation was kept to a 					minimum after Flex kept cutting people off or changing the subject. By the time 					they arrived at the Adams family home, Lincoln didn’t know what to make of 					anything. Not to mention, he wasn’t in the door for more than a few seconds 					before two more women wrenched him into their embrace.

				“Oh, look at you. You sure are a cutie—and tall.”

				Lincoln instantly liked her. “You must be Sheldon,” he guessed. 					“Mind if I feel if junior is kicking today?”

				Sheldon took his hand and placed it on her belly.

				“What the heck is he doing in there?” he asked. “Feels like 					he’s doing a few layups in there.”

				“My bladder and I are well aware of that,” she said, and then 					wobbled away to find a chair.

				“Hi. I’m Michael. I’d say cute is an understatement,” she said, 					grinning up at him. “They always say that the good ones are either taken or 					gay.” She tweaked his cheek.

				“In a couple of days, you’ll be off the market, too,” Lincoln 					reminded her.

				She blushed. “Trust me. It’s been a long time coming.” She 					turned toward her brother. “I’m glad you kept your word. I was expecting some 					kind of excuse.”

				Flex smiled, but didn’t meet her gaze. “Where’s Joey?” he 					asked.

				“L.A. She’s attending some screenwriters conference. She’ll be 					back tomorrow.”

				“No husbands?”

				“Working. Though my Phil promised to swing by in time for 					dinner.”

				“So where do our bags go?” Lincoln asked.

				“Oh, I’ll show you.” Michael turned toward the stairs.

				“That’s okay, I’ll show him where the guest room is,” Flex 					said.

				“Now, let me do my job as hostess,” Michael said, and then took 					Lincoln by the hand. “You two follow me.”

				Lincoln followed. It was a nice two-story brick house with all 					the comforts of home.

				“Here we are,” Michael announced. “You two will be staying in 					here.”

				Lincoln entered the room and then glanced around. “There’s only 					one bed.”

				“I know,” Michael said, reaching over to pat Flex on the arm. 					“It wasn’t easy to convince Dad to put a king-size bed in here.” She turned back 					to Lincoln. “Now you guys get settled. Sheldon can’t stay long, so we’re having 					an early dinner. We’re having Flex’s favorite dish.” She tweaked Lincoln’s 					cheeks again. “You’re sure a cutie.”

				Lincoln watched her as she left the room and then his eyes 					traveled back to the king-size bed.

				Flex closed the door.

				“I think you need to start talking,” Lincoln said, trying to 					keep his panic to just a mild heart attack.

				Flex shifted his weight nervously. “Maybe you should sit 					down.”

				The only place to sit was the bed. “I’d rather stand.”

				“Okay, um. My family, uh, are under the impression that, 					uh…that you and I are…a couple.”





		 			 				Chapter 21

				Lincoln stared at him.

				Flex held up his hands and tried to defuse the situation. “I 					know you’re upset, but—”

				“They think that I’m—”

				“I shouldn’t have lied to them, but—”

				“They think that we’re—”

				“I never dreamed they’d ever meet you. I just wanted them to 					think I was over Morgan.”

				“Morgan…is a guy?”

				“I know this is coming as a complete shock, but what are the 					chances of something like this happening? I mean, I just picked your name off 					the top of my head. I don’t think of you in that way. No offense.”

				“None taken.”

				“This mess, which by the way could’ve been avoided if you’d 					told me you were dating my sister—”

				“This is my fault?” Lincoln 					thundered. “I was just following your lousy advice.”

				“My advice?”

				“Yeah. You said for A and B to sit down with the brother and 					talk to him about their relationship. Remember? So, I thought this was the 					perfect time to do that.”

				“You’re supposed to be dating Henry’s sister.”

				“Spoken like a man who’s never met Henry’s sister.”

				Flex drew a deep breath. “Okay, there has to be a way that we 					can get through this.”

				“Yeah, you can go down there and tell them I’m not gay,” 					Lincoln said in a near shout.

				“Will you lower your voice?” Flex hissed. “Do you want everyone 					to hear you?”

				“As a matter of fact, I do.” Lincoln paced. “It’s not that I 					have a problem with you being gay. Whatever floats your boat, but there’s no way 					in hell I’m going to let your family keep believing that I’m your 					boyfriend.”

				“I can’t tell them the truth now.”

				“Then I’ll do it.” Lincoln moved toward the door, but was 					stopped when Flex’s iron grip closed around his arm.

				“Wait. Do you have any idea what this is going to do to me? 					Have you ever had five women throw you a pity party? And Michael is never going 					to forget me lying to her.”

				“What it’s going to do to you? What about me?”

				“You can’t do me this one favor? I did, after all, save your 					life.”

				Lincoln’s eyes rounded with incredulity. “I can’t believe you 					brought that up.”

				“I’m desperate,” Flex said. “And I would do it for you.”

				“Do what for me—pretend to be my boyfriend?” he asked. “You can 					file that in the ‘never going to happen’ column. Besides, what are you going to 					do when Peyton or Joey gets here?”

				“You met Joey, too?”

				“In New York.”

				Understanding dawned in Flex’s eyes. “The art agent.” He 					smacked his head.

				“Look, man,” Lincoln said. “I’m sorry about this. I truly am, 					but I can’t help you. You have to go down there and tell your family the 					truth.”

				Flex continued to shake off the logical solution. “I’ll never 					hear the end of this.”

				A phone’s shrill filled the room.

				Lincoln pulled out the cell from his pocket. When he read the 					screen ID, he looked at Flex. “It’s Peyton.”

				Flex rolled his eyes.

				“Hey, sweetheart,” he answered. “No, I got a ride from the 					airport. I, uh, didn’t think you received my message. Uh, where am I?” He looked 					up at his buddy.

				Flex frantically shook his head and waved his hands.

				“Hold on a sec.” Lincoln covered the receiver with his hands. 					“What do you expect for me to tell her? She’s at the airport looking for 					me.”

				“Tell her you’re anywhere but here,” Flex snapped. “I need more 					time to figure this out.”

				Lincoln’s shoulders deflated.

				“Please,” Flex added. “I’ll figure something out.”

				“This is insane,” Lincoln hissed and then brought the phone 					back to his ear. “I, uh, got a rental car and I’m headed out to your place. 					Uh-huh. I’m sorry I had you driving all over the state. I promise I’ll make it 					up to you tonight.”

				Flex winced.

				“You want to go to your father’s house tonight?” His gaze 					returned to his friend to see the same frantic shaking and waving. “You have to 					meet your brother’s new boyfriend?” He wanted to 					laugh. “No, no. I don’t think that you told me that he was gay.”

				Lincoln covered the receiver again. “I’m going to kill you.”

				“Uh, baby, do we have to go tonight? Can’t we meet this, uh, 					guy tomorrow? I mean I’m going to be here for a full week, after all. Uh-huh. 					Well, call your sisters and then I’ll meet you at your place. How about that? 					All right, see you then. Bye.”

				“Thank you, Linc.” Flex exhaled. “I owe you one.”

				Lincoln had to sit down. “Trust me, buddy. You can’t begin to 					pay this back.”

				* * *

				All of Peyton’s plans had been blown out of the water. 					Now, how was she going to tell Michael that she wasn’t going to be able to come 					over and show off her new man? Michael was a stickler when it came to 					schedules.

				She waited until she made it back to her car before she dialed 					her father’s number and held her breath. “Hey, Mike. It’s me.”

				“Me who?”

				“P.J.” She rolled her eyes. “Look, something has come up. 					Lincoln and I aren’t going to be able to come for dinner.”

				“I’m going to pretend that you didn’t say that.”

				“I’m serious, Mike. We aren’t going to make it. Lincoln missed 					his flight.” She closed her eyes and crossed her fingers. “He’s coming in 					later.”

				A long silence trailed after her lie.

				“What time is he landing? Maybe you can come alone.”

				“Can’t. I’m already here in San Francisco. I’ll never make it 					there and then come back in time.”

				Michael exhaled. “I’m already not liking this boyfriend of 					yours. How the heck did he miss his flight?”

				“It doesn’t matter. All is not lost. You can meet him tomorrow. 					What’s the big deal?”

				“Well, I wanted you to meet Trey.” Michael lowered her voice. 					“I mean this guy is a real looker. It’s the first guy Flex has dated that has 					gotten me a little hot and bothered myself.”

				“Hey, hey. You’re practically a married woman,” Peyton 					joked.

				“I haven’t walked down the aisle yet.”

				Peyton laughed as she started her car. “You’re a little 					disturbed if you’re thinking about jumping our brother’s boyfriend. Pull 					yourself together.”

				“I’m telling you, girl, when you meet Trey you’ll probably want 					to dump this Lincoln character and try to sway this brother onto the straight 					and narrow.”

				“There’s only two problems with that idea. Number one, he’s 					gay. Number two, he’s Flex’s man.”

				“Love isn’t perfect.” Michael chuckled. “But there’s another 					reason why you should come over.” She lowered her voice. “I invited Morgan over 					for dinner.”

				“What?” Peyton pressed her brakes. “Have you lost your 					mind?”

				“Are you kidding? It’s going to be great. What better way for 					Flex to prove that he’s moved on? I’m telling you, Morgan is going to take one 					look at Trey and just break down.”

				“Okay. I’m going to say something that I’ve never said before, 					and I mean this with love and sincerity— You need help.”

				Michael laughed. “Trust me. I know what I’m doing.”

				“I highly doubt that. Isn’t Morgan dating someone new?”

				“Actually, Sheldon said that she heard through the 					grapevine—her hairdresser—that Morgan and his sugar daddy broke up a few weeks 					ago.”

				“So Morgan thinks he’s coming over to make up with Flex?”

				“Something like that.”

				Peyton couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “Listen to me. 					You are asking for trouble. It’s bad enough that we have Flex staying with Daddy 					after their ugly fight, and now you’re going to surprise Flex with inviting for 					dinner the very person he moved to get away from? Don’t you see this could blow 					up in your face? What are you going to do if he storms out and refuses to go to 					the wedding?”

				“Don’t be silly. He would never do that. Besides, I know what’s 					best for all concerned. Most of all, I know Flex, he’ll thank me for giving him 					the opportunity to give Morgan his comeuppance.”

				“You’re delusional and I don’t want any part of this.” Peyton 					eased off the brake and pulled out into traffic. “Tell you what, Lincoln and I 					will stop by in the morning after the dust settles.”

				Michael’s laughter filtered through the lines. “I’m telling 					you, girl. Tonight is going to be a night to remember.”





		 			 				Chapter 22

				When Lincoln woke up this morning, he never 					imagined that his day would’ve turned out this way. Even now, he couldn’t 					believe a missed flight would lead to him pretending to be Flex’s boyfriend by 					the end of the day.

				Minutes after talking with Peyton, he called Enterprise and 					requested a rental car to be delivered at the Adams home.

				“Well, that’s that,” he told Flex. “How far does Peyton live 					from here?”

				“Two doors down.” Flex paced the floor. “Sheldon is two doors 					up, Frankie is around the block and Michael and her fiancé remodeled the 					basement.”

				“You guys have a severe case of separation anxiety,” Lincoln 					said, shaking his head. “Where did you and Morgan live?”

				“In Sunnyvale. I couldn’t very well have my father—” He stopped 					and drew a deep breath.

				Curious, Lincoln crossed his arms and watched his friend start 					pacing again. “What’s the story between you two, anyway? On the way here, I 					couldn’t have cut the tension in the car with a chain saw.”

				“It’s nothing.” Flex waved him off. “By the way, when we get 					back home—”

				“Mum’s the word.” Lincoln pretended to zip his lips.

				Flex’s shoulder slumped and he took a spot next to Lincoln on 					the bed. “There’s no way to get out of this. If we faked a fight, then what are 					we going to say when you’re introduced as Peyton’s new boyfriend?”

				“We can always say you were just a fling.” Lincoln laughed.

				“Really?”

				“Hell no.” Lincoln leaned away from him. “What’s wrong with 					you? It’s obvious that your family just wants you to be happy. They love you. 					Any blind man can see that. So you lied.” He shrugged. “It’s not the end of the 					world. They’ll forgive you.”

				Flex slumped his head even lower.

				“I, on the other hand, will kill you if you don’t fix this 					mess.”

				“All right, all right.”

				A knock sounded at the door and Frankie’s voice filtered 					through. “Dinner’s ready.”

				“We’ll be right there,” Flex called out, and then glanced over 					at Lincoln. “Regardless, man. Thanks for not completely freaking out on me.”

				He nodded, and then gave him a good hearty pat on the back. 					“You know, I’ve known the guys in our department for a long time. I can honestly 					say that you’re never going to meet a better group of guys. There’s no reason 					you can’t be who you are with them. Remember that.”

				Finally a small smile hooked the corners of Flex’s mouth. 					“Thanks. I needed to hear that.” He took a deep breath and stood. “C’mon. Let’s 					go and clear this thing up.”

				“Sounds good.” Lincoln stood. “Looks like for once I was able 					to help you through a problem, huh?”

				“Yeah, yeah.” Flex opened the bedroom door. “Don’t let it go to 					your head, though.”

				Lincoln laughed and glanced at his watch before he followed his 					friend. “Hey, how much time do you think I have before Peyton gets home?”

				“About thirty minutes,” Flex whispered back. “And by the way, 					we still need to discuss this thing about you dating my sister.”

				“You have to be kidding?”

				Flex’s large shoulders vibrated with silent laughter, but 					midway down the staircase he came to an abrupt halt. “Morgan?”

				“Hello, Francis.”

				Morgan? Lincoln glanced over Flex’s 					shoulder at a well-groomed brother who wasn’t unbelievably shorter than 					Tyrone.

				“What are you doing here?” Flex asked.

				Morgan suddenly looked uncomfortable. “I was invited.”

				Flex’s head swiveled toward his sisters.

				The three of them blinked prettily back up at him.

				“There’s definitely plenty of lasagna to go around,” Sheldon 					said. She waltzed over to Morgan and reached for his jacket. “Let me take that 					for you.”

				Lincoln wasn’t exactly sure what was going on, but the dynamics 					had changed, and there was suddenly enough tension in the room to choke an 					elephant.

				“I take it you weren’t told I was coming?” Morgan concluded as 					he slid out his jacket.

				Flex didn’t respond, nor did he move.

				Marlin suddenly appeared from somewhere in the back. He stopped 					short when he saw Morgan and then looked toward the stairwell where Flex and 					Lincoln stood rooted. “I just want to go on record, I have nothing to do with 					this.”

				* * *

				Peyton sped down Highway 101 with a lead foot.

				It wasn’t until she was halfway home that she wondered how 					Lincoln knew how to get to her house, but then dismissed that thought when she 					realized anything was possible with today’s technology.

				“Tonight is going to perfect,” she repeated to herself. “At 					least it should be better than running across California for most of the 					day.”

				She thought about the three months, she even smiled when an 					image of Lincoln’s handsome face popped into her mind. “If Michael thinks this 					Trey is fine, wait until she sees my Lincoln,” she mused.

				But what was she going to feed him? She hadn’t planned on 					cooking tonight. “Maybe I could just swing by Dad’s and steal some lasagna.”

				Just when she was warming up to that idea, a pair of flashing 					blue lights caught her attention in the rearview mirror. “Great. What else can 					go wrong today?”

				* * *

				“Why don’t we all just sit down for dinner?” Sheldon 					said, clapping her hands together.

				“I know I’m starved,” Morgan said. His smile was a little too 					wide and his posture a bit stiff as he smiled at everyone.

				Lincoln leaned forward to whisper near Flex’s ear, “Maybe it’s 					a good idea that we move from the stairs.”

				Flex didn’t respond, but he did finally descend the rest of the 					stairs.

				“Good,” Frankie said, and appeared somewhat relieved that World 					War III hadn’t transpired—yet.

				“Uh, you guys go ahead,” Lincoln said. “I need to talk to Flex 					for a minute.”

				“Oh, certainly.” Michael swept everyone out of the foyer, while 					beaming her own smile to everyone. “You two don’t take too long.”

				The doorbell rang.

				Michael made a one-eighty to answer it.

				“I’ll get it,” Flex seethed. “I think you’ve done enough for 					one evening.”

				She jumped back as if her brother had turned into a 					rattlesnake. “C’mon. Surely, you’re not angry.” She actually succeeded in 					looking astonished. “We did this for you.”

				The doorbell rang again.

				“Maybe I should get it,” Lincoln mumbled, and opened the door. 					At least it wasn’t another surprise guest, but the delivery of his rental 					car.

				“What do you need a rental car for?” Michael asked, trying to 					peek around her brother to see who was at the door.

				“So we don’t have to rely on the family for transportation,” 					Flex told her and then jumped back on her case. “You really have some nerve 					inviting Morgan here. He’s the last person I want to see.”

				“I, uh, am going to test drive the car,” Lincoln said from the 					doorway. “I’ll be right back.”

				“Wait. You can’t leave.” Michael pushed around her brother. 					“Dinner is ready.”

				“Maybe he feels uncomfortable with the fact that you brought my 					ex-partner to dinner,” Flex barked. “Have you ever thought of that?”

				Lincoln latched onto the excuse. “Yeah. I think, uh, I need to 					go for a drive to, uh, clear my head. This is just too much for me right 					now.”

				“There you go,” Flex said.

				“Please, Trey, don’t go.” Michael rushed over to him and tried 					to take him by the hand.

				He stepped back and looked to Flex. “I expect for you to handle 					this before I return.” His eyes narrowed to make his meaning clear.

				“I didn’t think what this would do to you. We just 					thought—”

				“That’s the problem,” Flex hissed. “You’re always going behind 					people’s backs and trying to fix things.”

				Michael looked frantic. “Okay, I was wrong, but don’t leave. I 					can fix this, I swear.”

				“Didn’t you hear a word I just said?” Flex pulled her around 					and signaled for Lincoln to make his getaway. “I don’t want you fixing 					things!”

				Lincoln slipped quickly out the door. He signed the papers from 					the stunned delivery driver and hurried off with the keys.

				“No one is ever going to believe this,” Lincoln said, sliding 					behind the wheel. He started the car the same time he saw the house door open. 					“Get out of here. Get out of here,” he changed, and threw the car in reverse 					just as Sheldon’s bulging belly came into view.

				He laughed to himself. “This is crazy. Crazy.” The ride to 					Peyton’s house took all of one minute, but he was pleased to see he’d made it 					there before Peyton returned. Now he just hoped one of those crazy sisters 					didn’t hop into a car and try to follow him—though, at this point, he wouldn’t 					be too surprised if they did.

				Lincoln exhaled a long breath and laid his head back against 					the headrest. The day’s events replayed in his mind, and then suddenly he was 					laughing. “Me, Flex’s boyfriend. Give me a break.”

				The sound of an approaching car ended his laugh-fest, and for a 					brief moment he feared it would be the meddling triplets, coming to hog-tie and 					drag him back to dinner.

				Instead, he recognized the figure behind a black Mercedes and 					his heart leaped with excitement.

				When she shut off her engine, they both climbed out of their 					cars.

				“I can’t believe it,” Peyton said, rushing around her car. 					“You’re finally here.” She jumped into his arms.

				Lincoln caught her and twirled her around in his arms. “Ah, 					you’re a sight for sore eyes.” He slid her down the length of his body and then 					accepted

her soft lips in a tantalizing kiss.

				Peyton moaned and wrapped her arms around his neck.

				Once the kiss ended, her eyes twinkled as she whispered against 					his lips, “I hope you’ve packed a lot of energy bars, big boy. You’re going to 					need them tonight.”

				He laughed. “You do a lot of trash talking for a little girl.” 					He swatted her on the butt and she quickly popped him in the stomach.

				“Watch who you’re calling a girl.” She pulled out of his arms 					and winked. “You better believe that I’m all woman.”

				“Thank God for that,” he said, following her toward the house. 					At least the night held more promise.

				“Welcome to my hacienda,” Peyton announced, as she led the way 					across the threshold.

				Lincoln glanced around and was impressed by the immaculate 					home. They passed the small foyer and stepped into the living room. Everywhere 					he looked were beautiful paintings or intriguing sculptures. The whole setting 					gave him a better insight to this magnificent woman.

				“You have a lovely home,” he said. “It’s also very clean. Sort 					of tells me not to invite you to my place until I hire a cleaning woman.”

				“Not very domesticated?” she asked, moving to stand next to 					him.

				“I can work a vacuum, if that’s what you’re asking.” His gaze 					fell to her lips again and then to her curvy body. “I have a feeling that by the 					time morning comes, I’m going to need either an ambulance or a priest.”

				She smiled. “I have a first-aid kit and a Bible. You’re going 					to have to make do.” Peyton pulled him down by his shirt and stole a quick kiss. 					“But before we jump to dessert, I have some bad news,” she said.

				“Oh?” His hands caressed his hips.

				“I didn’t cook,” she admitted. “So I’m going to run up to my 					father’s and sneak some lasagna from them.”

				“No!”

				Peyton blinked at his sudden outburst. “Is there a 					problem?”

				“I, uh, I’m not too crazy about lasagna,” he said, and took 					some comfort in the fact that it wasn’t a lie.

				“Oh?” She frowned. “I didn’t know that. Then I guess we have a 					bigger problem than I thought.”

				“How about we order a pizza?” he suggested.

				“A pizza? It’s not exactly a romantic dinner.”

				“Says who? Pizza is perfect for any occasion.”

				“That is such a ‘man’ thing to say,” she said with a sly 					smile.

				“If it looks like a man, walks like a man and talks like a 					man—then chances are you got yourself a man.” He smiled and pulled her pliant 					body against him. “Besides, I’m hungry for something other than food.”

				“Hmm. Is that right? You go for three months without laying a 					finger on me and now—”

				“The time is right,” he finished for her.

				“I tell you what. I’ll order the pizza and you can grab your 					luggage.” She turned away from him.

				He blinked. “Luggage?”

				She laughed and glanced over her shoulder. “Yeah, you know 					those things you pack before going on a trip?”

				“I, uh, the, uh, airlines lost my bags.” Now he was lying.

				“You poor thing. You really have had a bad day.”

				Lincoln laughed. “You just have no idea.”





		 			 				Chapter 23

				Peyton was surprised by how nervous she was 					about this evening. After all the erotic dreams, teasing and trash talk, it all 					boiled down to tonight. While she called her favorite pizzeria, Lincoln took a 					shower.

				“Nothing is going to ruin this night,” she affirmed, hanging 					up. Giddy with excitement, she sprinted throughout the house and lit every 					candle she could find. Once that task was completed, she rushed out to her car 					and grabbed a bag of rose petals she’d purchased from her local florist.

				She sprinkled the petals throughout the house, but dumped most 					of them around and on the bed. At the sound of the shower shutting off, she made 					one last dash to the kitchen to deliberate over which wine would work best with 					their dinner.

				“It’s a perfect fit,” Lincoln announced, joining her in the 					kitchen in an imperial kimono robe. “Where did you get this?”

				“Kanji, an artist I represent, had a show out in Tokyo a few 					weeks ago and brought back all kinds of things. I thought this would be perfect 					for you.” She grabbed a merlot. “Do you like it?”

				He eased up behind her and whispered against her ear, “I’ll 					love anything you give me.”

				“Ooh?” She grinned as his hands slid around her waist.

				Simultaneously, the phone and the doorbell rang.

				Lincoln kissed the back of her head. “I’ll get the door.”

				“And I’ll get the phone.”

				“Make sure you unplug it when you’re through,” he said, as he 					hurried out of the kitchen.

				“You got it.” Her grin remained wide as she reached for the 					phone. “Hello.”

				Michael’s low voice hissed over the line. “P.J., it’s a 					disaster!”

				Peyton instantly knew what her sister was referring to. “I take 					it that dinner isn’t going too well?” she asked cheerfully.

				“Don’t gloat. Help us figure out a way to fix this. When Morgan 					showed up, Trey stormed out and Flex isn’t talking to us.”

				“I told you something like this would happen. When are you 					going to learn your lesson?” Peyton looked to see Lincoln racing through the 					house.

				“I need to get my wallet,” he informed her as he breezed past 					the breakfast bar.

				“Who’s that?” Michael asked.

				“Don’t worry about who it is. You have enough problems right 					now. Where did Trey go?”

				Lincoln passed again, holding up his wallet.

				“How in the hell should I know? I think he and Flex were 					already having problems before they got here. He snapped at Flex once at the 					airport, and then when we first arrived at the house they were up in the guest 					room for a long time talking pretty loud. I couldn’t hear what they were saying 					because Dad wouldn’t let us go up and listen against the door.”

				Peyton slumped her head into her hand. “Just great, Mike. Where 					is Flex now?”

				Michael’s voice dropped even lower. “At the dinner table. It 					took forever to get him there, and now no one is talking. Morgan looks put 					out—”

				“Of course he’s put out,” Peyton snapped. “I’m sure he’s been 					able to figure out that he’s been set up by the idiot sisters.”

				Lincoln approached the breakfast bar with their box dinner. He 					winked at her and signaled for her to hurry off the phone.

				Peyton nodded. “Look, Mike. Why don’t you just put everyone out 					of their misery and ask Morgan to leave?” She noticed Lincoln’s frown and placed 					her hand over the receiver to whisper, “I’ll be just a moment.”

				He flashed a quick smile and then eased onto a stool.

				“Look, this is your mess. I don’t want my name brought up. 					Hell, I wouldn’t be surprised if Flex and Trey skip out on the wedding and head 					back to Georgia.”

				Michael’s voice filled with shock. “So you’re turning your back 					on us?”

				“Look, you, Sheldon and Frankie are like the Titanic. I’m not climbing on board. Apologize to 					everyone, ask Morgan to leave and pray you haven’t ruined Flex and Trey’s 					relationship. Now I have to go.”

				“I just remembered,” Michael said. “Aren’t you supposed to 					still be waiting for Lincoln in San Francisco?”

				“Goodbye, Mike.” She hung up and rolled her eyes. “Let me warn 					you now—my sisters are crazy.”

				“You don’t say?” His smile wobbled. “But let’s not let them 					ruin our night.” He popped open the pizza box and inhaled. “Citarella has 					nothing on this.”

				Peyton smiled. “And to jazz it up, we’re having wine.” She held 					up the bottle and then grabbed two frosted glasses from the freezer.

				He winked. “Where should we go?”

				“Let’s start in the living room and hopefully work our way 					back.” When she bounded out of the kitchen, he followed close on her heels.

				Minutes later, they made themselves comfortable on a small 					pallet among a circle of rose petals on the floor.

				“Let me ask you a question,” Lincoln said, as he wolfed down 					his first slice of pizza. “Do you think we’re ready for tonight?”

				The question surprised her. “What do you mean?”

				“I mean us. How do you feel about us?”

				She smiled through the tightening of her heart muscles. “I have 					to admit I never thought I’d see the day when I would find someone like you.

				“The last few days, I’ve done little else but analyze 					everything we’ve done, everything we’ve said in the last three months. Trust me, 					I’ve tried to find something wrong with what we have going. I know that sounds 					weird, but that’s pretty much how I’ve operated until now.”

				“So what are my test results?” he asked softly.

				She hesitated before she admitted, “So far so good.”

				“I’ll accept that,” Lincoln said, and then glanced around. “If 					I didn’t know any better, I’d say that you were trying to seduce me,” he added 					as he played with rose petals.

				“Is it working?”

				“Maybe.” He gave her a light shrug. “You know I do have to warn 					you—I’m not exactly easy.”

				Her brows twitched upward. “Oh? You mean to tell me after the 					flowers and champagne you’re not going to give it up?”

				He grinned and took a sip of his wine. “What if you don’t 					respect me in the morning?”

				“Oh, baby.” Her gaze absorbed his. “You don’t ever have to 					worry about that.”

				“Really?” He lowered his second slice of pizza and leaned 					forward.

				With her head already light from the alcohol, the potency of 					his kiss caused her to drift blissfully among the clouds in her mind. She heard 					the pizza box being pushed aside as he crawled above her and she lowered herself 					onto her back.

				This is it. She mentally prepared 					herself.

				The feathery touch of his hand drifted up the center of her 					chest and her entire body quivered. The kiss consumed her, but she gave back as 					fiercely as she received.

				She had no memory of her clothes being removed, and as far as 					she was concerned they’d melted off. When his hot mouth left her body, he 					scorched a trail of tiny, biting kisses down the length of her neck and along 					the curvy plane of her shoulders.

				With a husky sigh, Peyton closed her eyes, caught in the 					sensuality that radiated from Lincoln. And then just as quickly, he took her 					mouth again in another sweet, intoxicating kiss.

				However, not to miss out on a chance to do her own exploring, 					she roamed her hands along his rock-hard chest, and then dipped them inside his 					silk kimono. Vast mounds of creamy flesh and rippling muscles greeted her 					fingertips. A surge of power emboldened her moves and her hand drifted 					downward.

				Lincoln was a large man.

				The moment she glided her hands along his shaft, there was a 					slight change in his breathing. She stroked him again, reveling in the soft 					groan that fell from his lips. Tightening her hand around him, she picked up the 					tempo.

				Their lips parted as Lincoln buried his head against the crook 					of her neck. “Jesus,” he whispered.

				Still heady with power, Peyton gently eased him over onto his 					side, and then farther onto his back. She made quick work of pushing everything 					out of the way, before she took great pleasure in climbing this Mt. Everest of a 					man.

				“Be gentle,” he joked.

				“Don’t tell me that you’re already begging for mercy.” With one 					tug, his robe belt came undone and every inch of his body was exposed. 					“Impressive.”

				“Beautiful,” he whispered as his gaze roamed over her. With 					dreamlike slowness, his hand curved around one of her firm breasts and then gave 					the erect nipple a slight pinch.

				Peyton drew a sharp breath and arched against his hand. He 					repeated the performance on her other breast until she filled her lungs to their 					full capacity and began to tremble.

				Lincoln leaned her forward and then took a nipple gently 					between his teeth. Her nipples hardened even more as his tongue and lips tugged 					at her in a loving caress that made her moan. She had no choice but to succumb 					to the heat that twisted and melted through her.

				She felt as if she were on fire when his teeth closed around 					her again. It was harder this time, and forced an intense sound of pleasure from 					parts of her she’d long forgotten. Belatedly, she felt his hand snake in between 					her legs, and before she could prepare herself, two long fingers dipped inside 					her silky walls.

				Her warmth was an incredible turn-on. It took everything 					Lincoln had not to just toss her beneath him and have his way with her. Above 					everything, he wanted to take his time with her.

				Slowly, gently, he stroked the walls of her moist cave while he 					worshiped her magnificent breasts. He listened to her labored breathing as she 					rocked her hips against his hand. It was like heaven, feeling the way she quaked 					in his arms, and as a bonus he caressed her feminine bud with the pad of his 					thumb.

				Peyton’s slight rocking transformed into a hard pound. 					Lincoln’s excitement grew at the feel of her muscles tightening and loosening 					like an accelerated heartbeat.

				Air rushed from Peyton’s body as an orgasmic cry tore itself 					from her body and she shuddered convulsively. She fell against him and tried to 					gain control of her breathing.

				Lincoln smiled and kissed the two mounds pressed against his 					face. “That was a nice warm-up,” he said.

				“I’d say.” She laughed and then rolled off of him.

				“Where are you going?” He curled onto his side. “I thought we 					agreed that there would be no breaks.”

				Peyton sat up and reached for her glass from off the coffee 					table. “I just wanted a sip of wine, that’s all.”

				“Uh-huh.” Lincoln climbed up from off the floor and stood above 					her. “Maybe it’s time we take this to the bedroom.”

				“Or—” She twinkled a smile up at him and shifted onto her 					knees. “We can try something else.”

				Before her meaning sank in, he watched as she took his erect 					shaft into her hands and glided it into her hot mouth. Instant, intense pleasure 					assaulted Lincoln. Despite his desire to roll his eyes to the back of his head, 					he also wanted to watch how her mouth slid lovingly over his throbbing arousal. 					There was nothing more exquisite than this: her tongue, the walls of her mouth 					and her exceptional ability to take him in so deep made her an exceptional 					woman.

				With his eyes still glued on her performance, Lincoln slid his 					fingers through her hair, but was careful not to guide her head. Then he made a 					sound deep in his throat.

				In response to him possibly losing control, Peyton upped the 					ante by quickening her strokes. His hips matched her pace and soon his moans 					became groans and even a few curses.

				At last, he backed away and smiled down at her. “You’re trying 					to kill me.”

				“Not quite.” She stood up and approached him. “But I have the 					skills to back up everything I told you.”

				“Then it’s off to the bedroom.” Lincoln swept her up into his 					arms and grabbed his wallet from the coffee table.

				Peyton giggled. “What about your ankle?”

				“There’s no disabled list in this game, remember?”

				She slipped her arms around his neck. “In that case, batter 					up.”

				The phone rang.

				Lincoln stopped. “I thought you turned it off.”

				“Ignore it. Trust me, it’s just Larry, Curly or Moe,” she 					joked.

				“Are you sure?”

				She kissed him, and then challenged, “Is this your way of 					trying to get a break?”

				“It’s time I shut you up.” He winked and carried her off toward 					the bedroom.

				The eager new lovers came together with an overwhelming desire 					and a ravishing hunger. For Peyton, she couldn’t touch enough or kiss enough to 					sate this need for him. And the things he could do with his mouth were 					definitely a sin.

				Limp from her second orgasm, it took everything Peyton had not 					to beg for a moment to catch her breath. If she did, he would have undoubtedly 					held it over her head for eternity.

				“I can’t wait any longer,” Lincoln panted as he staked the 					dominant position. “I need to be inside you.”

				In that moment, her energy restored itself and her desire 					increased tenfold.

				From above her head, Lincoln reached for his wallet and 					withdrew a condom. Out of the corner of her eyes, she noted the magnum wrapper 					and smiled. She took pleasure in assisting him, but as he eased inside her, 					everything changed.

				At the feel of Peyton’s tight muscles trying to adjust to his 					size, Lincoln was certain that he was about to come unglued. He ground his teeth 					as her heat pulsed around him and he still refused to give up control.

				To his surprise, she didn’t protest or ask for mercy. She 					simply tightened her legs around his hips and enabled him to sink deeper. When 					she finally took all of him and he’d allowed sufficient time for her body to 					adjust, she surprised him by raining light kisses down his face.

				“I’m ready,” she whispered.

				Lincoln swore that there were no sweeter words in the 					dictionary as he began to move. “Please let me know if I’m hurting you.”

				In answer, Peyton’s hips matched his rhythm. He took his time, 					wanting this moment to last. But after long minutes of slow, measured strokes, 					it grew harder to resist his building orgasm.

				Peyton thrashed madly beneath him, oblivious to all space and 					time. She was slave to the wild sensations coursing through her. She wanted it 					to go on forever, but something sparked within her and thrust her toward an 					earth-shattering climax.

				Stroke by stroke, control ebbed from Lincoln. With each silky 					contraction of her body, he moaned her name and confessed his love until at long 					last his throttled howl merged with her cries of ecstasy. Together they drowned 					in the sweet rain of their release.

				Every tender emotion Peyton had ever experienced swirled inside 					her. She wiped at her eyes, not remembering when tears had slid from them. It 					had been more than worth the small wait for this night, and Lincoln had been 					worth all the frogs she’d ever kissed.

				He was perfect for her. She had said that many times in the 					past ninety days, and tonight he proved it to her once again. More than anything 					she wanted this man permanently in her life, but she was too afraid to hope for 					that.

				He rolled over onto his side and pulled her close. “Would you 					think any less of me if—”

				“We took a break?” she suggested.

				“Well, I’m not saying that I need one or anything.”

				“No, no,” she said. “Of course not. I mean, I was just 					thinking—”

				“That you wanted one, too?”

				“Me? No, you look as though you might need one,” she said.

				He propped himself up on his elbows. “Who, me? I can go another 					round right now. Come here.”

				Peyton held up her hands. “Mercy, mercy. Dear God, mercy. I 					need a minute,” she confessed.

				Lincoln plopped down on the pillow. “Oh, thank God.”





		 			 				Chapter 24

				Lincoln and Peyton woke to the sound of a 					ringing phone. Neither of them wanted to pry their limbs from the warm cocoon 					they’d created after their last round of lovemaking. However, the ringing 					persisted.

				“I don’t believe this,” Peyton moaned, and rolled out of 					Lincoln’s embrace.

				“What time is it?” Lincoln glanced around.

				“It’s kill my sisters time,” she grumbled, snatching the phone. 					“This better be good,” she warned the caller.

				Michael’s voice trembled over the line. “He hasn’t come back. 					It’s nearly midnight and Trey hasn’t returned.”

				Peyton sat up. “What?”

				“I don’t know what to do. Flex is in his room and refuses to 					come out.”

				Peyton was beginning to feel the steady pounding of a migraine. 					“Did you at least get rid of Morgan?”

				Lincoln moved next to her and began caressing one of her 					breasts with light gentle strokes.

				“Morgan left hours ago,” Michael said in a quivering voice. 					“Peyton, you have to come and help us talk to Flex. He may never forgive us for 					this. What if something’s happened to Trey?”

				Lincoln snuggled closer and drew a taut nipple into his 					mouth.

				Peyton smiled as her eyes drifted closed. Her body was tingling 					again. She lost herself for a moment and moaned into the phone.

				“Are you listening to me, P.J.? What are you doing?”

				“Mike, this really isn’t a good time.” She curled toward 					Lincoln and slid her hands through his short hair.

				“C’mon, Peyton. You and Flex are close. He’ll talk to you.”

				Lincoln slid a hand beneath the sheet and nudged her legs 					open.

				“Sheldon thinks we should call the police.”

				Peyton was jolted out of the mood and closed her legs. “The 					police?”

				Lincoln also sat just as another shrill filled the room. He 					glanced around.

				Peyton placed a hand over the receiver to whisper, “What is 					that?”

				Huffing, Lincoln pulled back the covers to climb out of bed. “I 					think it’s my cell phone.”

				“Is that your little friend?” Michael asked. “Tell him I said 					hi.”

				“Are you for real?” Peyton shoved the rest of the sheets from 					off her body and also stood from the bed.

				Lincoln finally reached his folded pants and dug out his cell 					phone. “Hello.”

				“Psst,” Peyton hissed. “I’m going to take this call up front. 					I’ll keep it short.” She slipped into a robe and rushed out of the room.

				“Linc, Linc. Are you there?”

				“Yeah, I’m here. Who’s this?” He sat in some kind of lounge 					chair.

				“It’s Flex. Look, I need you to get back over here. My crazy 					sisters are going crazy. They think something has happened to you. They’re not 					leaving here until you come back.”

				“What? You’re supposed to be telling them the truth.” Lincoln 					glanced up to make sure that Peyton hadn’t come back into the room.

				“I swear, I was going to, but things just kept escalating. 					Morgan stayed through dinner and I couldn’t tell them the truth when he was 					here. It would have looked like I brought you here to make him jealous or 					something.”

				Lincoln’s mouth fell open. “I can’t believe I’m having this 					conversation.”

				“I’ll tell them, but not now. Mike has worked herself up into a 					frenzy because you’re gone. Sheldon went home mainly because she’s supposed to 					be on bed rest.”

				“Then tell them I’m at Peyton’s house. You know her—she’s my 						girlfriend.”

				“If I go downstairs now and tell them that I haven’t been upset 					the whole night about your leaving and that I’ve gotten them all worked up over 					nothing, I’ll have a mob on my hands.”

				Lincoln stood and crept to the bathroom for more privacy. Once 					he closed the door, he hissed into the phone, “And what do you think will happen 					tomorrow when I’m introduced as Peyton’s boyfriend? Either way, you’re between a 					rock and a hard place.”

				“Don’t make me beg. I need you here,” Flex panted. “To make 					matters worse, apparently Michael also sent Morgan an invitation to the wedding. 					I can’t go to the wedding without a date now. First of all, he’ll think you’ve 					dumped me and I’ll look even more pathetic in his eyes. Who wants to be a 					two-time loser?”

				Lincoln pulled the phone away and stared at it for a moment 					before he brought it back against his ear. “Are you even listening to yourself? 					I’m not about to be Peyton and your date. In fact, 					when I hang up I’m going to forget that we ever had this conversation.”

				“Linc, don’t hang up.”

				“Tell them the truth.”

				“I need more time. Please, they’re talking about calling the 					police and filing a missing person report.”

				“Flex—”

				“Twenty minutes. Just show up, let them know that you’re okay, 					and once they go home you can slip back over to Peyton’s.”

				“Flex—”

				“Just this one favor and I swear I’ll leave you alone.”

				Lincoln released a frustrated sigh. “I must be out of my 					mind.”

				“After this, Linc, we’re square.”

				Over the years, Lincoln had prided himself on being a good 					friend to people. There was nothing like being there for friends who needed a 					shoulder to cry on, a sofa to crash on and even a loan of some gas money until 					next payday; but this was above the call of duty—by anyone’s standards.

				“Linc?”

				“Twenty minutes,” he said, and then squeezed his eyes shut. He 					couldn’t believe he was about to do this.

				Flex exhaled. “Thank you, Linc. You’re a good friend.”

				“Gee, thanks.”

				* * *

				Peyton sat on the sofa with her legs tucked beneath her 					and the cordless phone cradled between her shoulder and chin. On a night that 					was filled with such incredible highs, the last thing she wanted to do was try 					to counsel her loony sisters about respecting other people’s boundaries.

				She believed that Frankie and Michael were simply trying to 					help, but they had a habit of going about things the wrong way. “Where is Flex 					now?”

				“Upstairs in his room,” Michael said. “He won’t talk to 					us.”

				“Imagine that.”

				“This isn’t funny, P.J. Can’t you just come over for a few 					minutes and see if you can talk to him? You two have always been close.”

				“Primarily because I know how to keep my nose out of his 					business. Just let him sleep on this. You’ll see. He’ll be a lot better in the 					morning.”

				“No. We’re not leaving here until Trey comes back,” Michael 					insisted. “How can we? We’re responsible for him running out of here like 					that.”

				“Since it’s so late, maybe he’s checked into some hotel 					somewhere. Your staying there isn’t helping anything.”

				“He hasn’t checked into a hotel. His luggage is still here in 					the foyer. Please, P.J., come over for a few minutes.”

				“Absolutely not. I have company and—” she stopped and looked up 					as Lincoln suddenly appeared fully dressed. She placed her hand over the 					receiver. “Where are you going?”

				Lincoln drew a breath and appeared either nervous or 					uncomfortable. “I’m just going to run out for a few minutes.”

				“Why?” She unfolded her legs.

				“No. Don’t get up. I’m just going to run to a convenience store 					for, uh, something for a headache.”

				“I’m not wearing you out, am I?” She winked and then watched as 					his adorable dimples made an appearance.

				“Don’t brag. I’ll be right back.”

				“Wait. I have plenty of Ibuprofen and Tylenol.”

				His smile disappeared as quickly as it came. “Uh, I also need 					to pick up some, uh…”

				Peyton frowned.

				“Condoms!” He brightened suddenly. “Yeah, some more condoms. 					I’m all out.”

				Peyton pressed her hand tighter against the receiver as her 					face warmed from embarrassment. The last thing she wanted her sisters to 					overhear was about their condom deficit.

				“Oh, okay.” She smiled. “Do you want me to come with you?”

				Lincoln walked over to her and then leaned down to brush a kiss 					against her lips. “No, that’s not necessary. You finish talking to your sister. 					I’ll be right back.”

				“But do you know where—”

				“I’ll find it.” He turned away, but stopped before he left the 					living room. “You just make sure you stay right here. I want you to be ready 					when I get back.”

				“You got it,” she whispered and placed the phone back against 					her ear.

				“Peyton, are you still there?” Michael asked.

				“Yeah, I’m back.” She sighed and daydreamed about the man who 					had just left. Her mind was consumed with Lincoln’s broad muscles, excessively 					wicked tongue, and impressive…anatomy.

				“Mike, can I ask you a question?” she asked, cutting her sister 					off in midsentence. “When did you know that Phil was the one for you?”

				Michael’s sputtering made it clear that the question caught her 					off guard. “The one?”

				She started to elaborate when common sense kicked in and 					reminded her whom she was talking to. “Nothing. Just forget it.”

				Of course, she wasn’t able to get off that easy. “Oh, my God, 					Frankie,” Michael yelled. “Pick up the other phone. P.J. is in love.”

				Faster than a speeding bullet, there was a click and Frankie’s 					excited voice filled the line. “You’ve got to be kidding. Is it this Lincoln 					guy?”

				She should deny it, Peyton realized, but she couldn’t. Instead, 					she made a confession. “Girls, I really think I’ve finally found my Price 					Charming.”





		 			 				Chapter 25

				Joey removed her jacket as she entered her 					father’s home and then greeted Frankie with a tentative hug. “Where is he?”

				“In his old bedroom,” Frankie said shakily. “Oh, Joe. We really 					screwed things up. We only wanted to make Morgan jealous and show how Flex has 					moved on. We thought he’d love it.”

				Joey shook her head. “When are you girls going to learn? We 					don’t want you guys constantly trying to fix everyone’s lives.” She headed for 					the staircase.

				“We? You’ve been known to poke your 					nose in where it doesn’t belong a few times, yourself.” Frankie followed her. 					“We were just trying to help. If Flex put Morgan in his place, then maybe he 					wouldn’t feel like he needed to be so far from home.”

				“No one is saying that you don’t have good intentions. You just 					need to learn when to draw the line. Where is Michael?”

				“Michael is on the phone with Peyton in the living room and Dad 					is around here somewhere.”

				Joey shook her head and drew a deep breath when she reached 					Flex’s bedroom door. “Give me a few minutes alone with him.”

				“Maybe I should stay for support?”

				Joey stared at her.

				“Or I could just join Michael downstairs.” Frankie backed up. 					“Just call me if you need any help.”

				Joey rolled her eyes and knocked softly on her brother’s door. 					“Flex, are you in there?”

				“Will you girls just let it go?” Frustration saturated his 					voice.

				“Flex, it’s me, Joey.”

				He didn’t respond.

				“Look, I’m on your side. I just want to talk to you for a few 					minutes.” When he didn’t respond, she added, “I’m alone.”

				The door clicked and then slowly opened. At her first glance at 					her brother, the deep-grooved lines in his face bothered her. It made him look 					older—tired.

				“C’mon in.”

				She stared at him for a second, and then entered the room. “How 					are you holding up?”

				“Are you kidding? I feel like a prisoner or, at the very least, 					a grounded teenager.” He closed the door and started pacing like a caged 					animal.

				Joey sat down on the edge of the bed. “I guess you’re pretty 					upset about Trey leaving?”

				“Hardly.”

				“You know Frankie and Michael didn’t mean—” She stopped when 					she finally caught what he’d said. “Excuse me?”

				“Everyone is making a mountain out of a mole hill.”

				“So…you’re not upset?” She struggled to understand. “Were you 					and Trey having some kind of trouble before you arrived?”

				“No. We were actually getting along fine before today, thank 					you.” His pacing increased.

				“I don’t understand.” Joey stood up. “Are you or aren’t you mad 					your boyfriend stormed out of here after Frankie and Michael ambushed you?”

				“I’m mad about the ambush,” he affirmed, while the muscles 					along his jaw twitched. “I felt like an idiot in front of Morgan. On top of 					that, I froze when I saw him—and in front of my family. It was humiliating.”

				As a firefighter and as a man, Joey had deduced a long time ago 					that showing weakness or vulnerability was some kind of cardinal sin. After 					Morgan had walked out of their ten-year relationship, Flex did all he could to 					camouflage his emotions. Even now, she sensed the war within himself raging 					on.

				“And what about Trey?” she asked. “Why aren’t you concerned 					about him? He was ambushed, too, and he has been gone for hours. Does he even 					know anyone else here in town?”

				“Trust me. He’s not lacking for company at the moment.” Flex 					looked at her again and his demeanor changed. “You know, you should go now. I’m 					fine. This whole thing will blow over.”

				She shrugged. “It’s okay. I’ll probably just hang out with 					Frankie and Michael until Trey comes back. They really do want to apologize to 					him.”

				Their conversation was interrupted by the sudden knock at the 					door.

				“Go away,” Flex barked. “Uh, Joey, about your staying—”

				“Joey, come get on the phone,” Frankie’s excited voice boomed 					through the door. “It’s about P.J.”

				Joey turned to her brother. “It sounds like they’ve already 					found a new victim.”

				Flex visibly relaxed. “Thank God.”

				* * *

				“What in the hell am I doing?” Lincoln asked as he 					started the car. He ignored the fact his stomach had twisted into a large knot, 					but it was harder to ease his conscience about deceiving Peyton’s family.

				The whole ride back to the Adams home, Lincoln convinced 					himself that silence was golden. The way he was beginning to see it, as long as 					no one asked him about his relationship with Flex, then technically he wasn’t lying.

				His mood brightened.

				This was Flex’s mess. Up until a few hours ago, he had no idea 					of the deception that was in play. So there was still a way for him to walk away 					clean.

				Lincoln parked and climbed out of the car. Whatever you do, don’t lie, he coached himself; but despite the 					small pep talk, the knot tightened in his gut.

				Taking a deep breath, he started up the walkway.

				“Glad to see the girls haven’t chased you off for good.”

				Lincoln stopped and turned toward the voice. “Mr. Adams?” 					Lincoln swallowed when he made out the man’s silhouette from off the porch deck. 					“What are you doing out here?”

				Marlin stepped from out of the shadows and into the porch’s 					pool of light. “The problem with having so many daughters is that they have a 					tendency to take over the household from time to time.” He shrugged, with a wide 					smile. “Most times, I don’t mind.”

				Lincoln smiled. “You have wonderful daughters.”

				“And a pretty terrific son.”

				After a slight pause, Lincoln found his voice again. “He’s 					certainly a good guy. Saved my neck.”

				Marlin nodded. “Would you like to have a seat out here with me 					for a little chat? Once you go inside, I’m afraid I won’t be able to get a word 					in edgewise.”

				Lincoln didn’t like that idea. “Actually, I think I—”

				“Oh, c’mon.” Marlin approached and slapped a hand against 					Lincoln’s back. “I’m not going to bite you.”

				Horror-stricken, Lincoln wondered if the man would become 					alarmed if he started hollering for help. “Sure. I’d be glad talk to you for a 					few minutes,” he said instead.

				“Good, good.”

				A few seconds later, Lincoln found himself sitting on a porch 					swing, and avoiding meeting Mr. Adams’s gaze.

				“I hope you forgive me,” Marlin said, hesitantly. “I’m not used 					to doing this sort of thing, but, uh, I guess I should start off by saying that 					I’m glad you and Francis came for the wedding.”

				Someone just shoot me and put me out of my 						misery. “I’m happy I could come.”

				Marlin cleared his throat. “Well, I don’t know how much Francis 					has told you about our relationship, but it’s a bit strained at the moment.”

				“Actually, sir, he hasn’t talked to me in any real detail about 					your relationship. That sort of thing isn’t really any of my business.” The 					silence that followed forced Lincoln to glance over at the older man. Was he 					crying? “Mr. Adams?”

				Marlin shook his head. “He’s probably still hurt for the ugly 					things I said to him when I’d found out the truth behind him and Morgan being 					more than just roommates.”

				Lincoln bolted to his feet. “Mr. Adams, I think you need to 					have this conversation with Francis—I mean, Flex.”

				Marlin stood up, as well. “Please call me Marlin. Heck, you’re 					dating one of my kids, right?”

				Lincoln swallowed. “Right.”

				“C’mon, sit back down.” Marlin reclaimed his seat and patted a 					spot beside him. “It’s time I get a lot of this off my chest.”

				“Then let me go in and get Flex. He’s the one you need to be 					talking to.”

				“But what if he doesn’t listen?” Marlin’s shoulders slumped. 					“You saw how he was in the car. He won’t give me the chance to prove that I’ve 					changed. I’ve been reading up on all this gay stuff. Heck, I even watch that 						Will & Grace show. It’s pretty funny,” he 					said, chuckling.

				It was impossible for Lincoln to ignore the fact that the man 					was trying hard to understand something he quite simply didn’t get. “Mr. 					Adams—Marlin. From my own experience, one of the hardest things for me to do is 					to talk to my father. He’s a good man, much like you, but when it comes to 					communicating, neither of us is very good at it. Whenever I talk, he’s hearing 					something else and vice versa. But maybe the problem we all have is that we’re trying to talk at the same time. No one’s 					listening. Maybe all Flex wants is for you to listen.”

				Marlin lowered his head to stare at his braided fingers. “I 					think you might have something there.”

				Lincoln exhaled, feeling the revelation of his own words and 					vowing to spend more time with his own father. “I’ll go inside and get your son 					for you.”

				“Thanks, Trey.” Marlin stood once again. “You know, you’re all 					right. I like you.”

				“Thanks, Mr. Adams—Marlin.” Lincoln returned to the front door 					and entered the house.

				* * *

				“Maybe I’m just reading way too much into this,” Peyton 					said. “Everyone knows that long-distance relationships don’t work. And it’s not 					like he’s even suggested that we—” She stopped. “I’m going around in circles, 					aren’t I?”

				Frankie sighed. “He really has gotten to you, hasn’t he?”

				“We definitely have to meet this one,” Michael added.

				“Only if you guys promise to be on your best behavior,” Peyton 					said, laughing. “None of this showing up to dinner with Ricky or something.”

				“Low blow,” Michael said.

				Joey giggled. “Well, I’ve met Lincoln and I’m not surprised by 					this. Just make sure you continue to play it cool. Remember your rule about 					never showing a guy your complete hand.”

				Peyton smiled and drew a breath. “You know, the thing about 					Lincoln and me is that neither of us is into head games. We say what we mean and 					mean what we say. It’s refreshing.”

				“He’s also a challenge,” Joey added.

				“There’s that, too.” Peyton nodded. Still nestled on the sofa, 					she’d refilled her wineglass and she enjoyed its light, smooth taste while her 					mind danced with thoughts of Lincoln.

				“Do you think it’s too forward to ask him where we are in the 					relationship? You know to, sort of, check and see if we’re on the same page? 					After all, it’s only been a few months.”

				“Sure. There are plenty of couples who have gotten hitched in 					less time than that,” Frankie said.

				“And some of us take a little longer,” Michael amended.

				“Oh, I’m not saying I’m ready to get married again,” Peyton 					protested.

				“But you’ve thought about it,” Joey said softly. “Admit 					it.”

				Peyton didn’t trust herself to speak. At this moment, she was 					operating completely on emotion, which was always a dangerous thing to do. “I’m 					all out of wisecracks,” she admitted. “I don’t have a list of things I can’t 					stand or even one of things I’d like to change. Is this what it’s like to be 					sprung?”

				Michael laughed. “Damn. Exactly what did he do to you over 					there?”

				Peyton laughed. “I’ll never tell.”

				* * *

				The good news was Frankie and Michael didn’t ambush 					Lincoln when he walked in the door. He did, however, hear their excited voices 					somewhere toward the living room area while he snuck up the stairs.

				Once he reached the second level, he crept down to the guest 					room and knocked.

				“What is it now?” Flex called out.

				“It’s me,” Lincoln hissed back. “Open the door.” Immediately it 					was jerked open.

				“It’s about time you got back here,” Flex said with a measure 					of relief. “What are you trying to do, give me a heart attack?”

				“Me?” Lincoln stepped into the room. “In case I haven’t made 					this clear, I really resent this whole situation. And furthermore, I can’t 					believe you—my relationship guru—won’t step up to the plate and just clear all 					this mess up.”

				“I was going to…until Morgan showed up.”

				“Yeah, I remember—I was there.” He crossed his arms. “You 					froze. What was that all about?”

				Flex’s shoulders slumped as he exhaled. “I don’t know.”

				Lincoln watched the transformation of his friend, fully aware 					that this was a side of Flex he’d never witnessed before. This giant of a man so 					clearly had a softer and deeper side to him.

				“Look,” Lincoln began again. “I think I understand why you 					didn’t want to say anything in front of your ex. Clearly, there’s still a lot of 					hurt between you two. And let’s face it, I look good on anybody’s arm,” he joked 					to lighten the mood.

				Flex laughed.

				“But,” Lincoln continued, “you should at least tell your family 					the truth. I was just seconds away from the ‘why do you want my son’s hand?’ 					speech from your dad.”

				“I know.” Flex sat on the bed. “But mark my words, the mere 					fact that I lied about being in a relationship will only come off as a cry for 					help to my sisters. And I just don’t know if I can handle them trying to fix me right now.”

				“They just love you…” Lincoln hesitated. “And so does your dad. 					You should go talk to him.”

				The tension immediately returned to Flex’s features. “We’re not 					going there. I only came for the wedding. I said all I had to say to him before 					I moved to Atlanta.”

				Lincoln nodded and began to feel he’d done all he could here. 					“Okay, so it’s none of my business, but I think you’re making a mistake. I was 					just talking to your dad outside and, yes, he may be struggling with certain 					things, but he’s trying—and he’s your dad.”

				“Linc, you don’t know anything about this.”

				“Maybe not but, forgive me for saying this, it seems to me that 					you have to shoulder a lot of the blame on this.”

				“Me?”

				“You weren’t entirely truthful with your dad about your 					relationship with Morgan, were you? It’s kind of like how you’re not being 					honest now. You lied…for ten years. Of course, he blew up. I don’t know what was 					said and I don’t want to know. However, the man I just finished talking to may 					have a lot of regrets, but he loves you. Go talk to him.”

				“I can’t.” Flex sat on the edge of the bed.

				“A man who runs into burning buildings for a living can do 					anything. I know.” Lincoln turned toward the door.

				“Wait.”

				Lincoln drew a deep breath and slowly exhaled. “Look, I 					sympathize with you. I wish I could help you, but I can’t.” He turned for the 					door.

				“Where are you going?”

				“Back to Peyton’s—where I belong.” Lincoln’s shoulders slumped. 					“I’m falling in love with a woman I haven’t been completely honest with, either. 					I waited for this trip to tell her that I know you. I didn’t tell her, because 					she’d vowed never to date a friend of yours again. I didn’t tell you for the 					same reason.”

				Flex exhaled. “I guess I gave you some pretty lousy 					advice.”

				“It wasn’t so bad. I’m pretty sure she’ll understand—just like 					your family will understand.”

				Flex nodded and then slowly lifted his gaze. “Falling in 					love?”

				Lincoln’s face exploded into a smile. “I’m crazy about her. I 					have been since the moment I laid eyes on her. We just fit—intellectually, 					spiritually and physically.”

				“Hey, hey.” Flex held up his hands. “Too much information.”

				“It’s true,” Lincoln continued. “I’m in love with your sister, 					which is the main reason why I have to break up with you by tomorrow. Peyton is 					bringing me over for dinner. Either you tell everyone the truth or I will.”





		 			 				Chapter 26

				“Where have you been?” Peyton asked the 					moment Lincoln walked through the door. She ran a hand through her flyaway hair 					and then tossed her keys on a table by the front door. “I was just about to go 					out and look for you.”

				Lincoln hesitated with the truth. “I had to help out a friend. 					Sorry. I thought you were probably still on the phone with your sisters.”

				She blinked. “A friend? You know someone out here?”

				“It’s true what they say—it’s a small world.” Turning on his 					best puppy-dog expression, he closed the distance between them. “Sorry, I 					worried you.” He pulled her into his arms.

				Peyton drew a breath and relaxed. “I was having crazy thoughts 					of you being a carjacking victim.”

				He chuckled. “You’re not going to get rid of me that easily. 					Besides—” he reached inside his jacket “—I brought reinforcements.”

				She chuckled. “Is that your way of getting out of trouble?”

				“Depends.”

				“On what?”

				“On whether it’s working.” He grinned and then leaned down to 					steal a kiss. He could tell all was forgotten by the way she leaned into him and 					draped her arms around his neck.

				Feeling every bit the gallant hero, Lincoln swept her up into 					his arms and proceeded to carry her back to the bedroom. In bed, their clothes 					were removed in a wild flurry of movements and their bodies came together like 					two perfect pieces in a jigsaw puzzle.

				There was something about the sound of her soft whimpers and 					gentle moans that turned Lincoln into an insatiable animal. He couldn’t get 					enough of how her body molded itself around him or how her lips controlled 					him.

				Beyond certainty, he knew he could never tire of making love to 					her. This was it, he told himself. This was what he’d been searching for his 					entire life. Not only was she beautiful, she was intelligent, strong and devoid 					of head games.

				But what about you?

				Lincoln ignored the question and tried to lose himself within 					her chocolate limbs and her smooth rich taste. Her orgasmic cries heightened in 					their intensity and her slick walls tightened around him.

				An orgasmic cry exploded from her lungs and reverberated off 					the bedroom walls. Lincoln clutched her close as his body trembled and quaked in 					the aftermath of his own explosion.

				Seconds later, he still held her close while their heavy 					breathing blended together. However, the question still lingered in his head. 						What about you?

				“How do you feel, baby” he asked.

				Peyton moaned. “Please don’t tell me that you’re ready to go 					again.”

				“Tired?” He chuckled.

				“You win. You win,” she conceded. “I’m a wimp.”

				“And I’m the what?”

				She hesitated.

				He cupped his ear and leaned down. “I’m sorry. I didn’t hear 					you.”

				“Fine.” She smacked him playfully in the chest. “You’re the 					king. Are you happy?”

				“Extremely.” He turned onto his side so he could glance down at 					her. What about you? “How do you feel?”

				Her smile softened at the edges. “Honestly?”

				He frowned. “Of course.”

				“Nervous,” she said, as if unloading a large burden. “It’s been 					three months and I keep waiting for a ball to drop or for the clock to strike 					midnight.”

				Lincoln studied her.

				“I know, I know. I’m being silly.” She shrugged, but was 					careful not to meet his gaze. “I’m not being fair to you or to 					this…relationship.”

				He clutched a hand over his heart. “Oh, my God. She finally 					said it. Quick, someone call the media.”

				“Very funny.” She rolled her eyes. “I just can’t believe that 					things are so good between us.”

				He studied her again. “Can I ask you a question?”

				She drew a nervous breath. “Sure.”

				“What did this Ricky really do to you?” When she didn’t readily 					respond, he continued. “Dating is difficult. You’re not going to get an argument 					out of me on that. We’ve shared our horror stories. But…you didn’t marry just 					because you thought it was the next step, did you?”

				She started to get up, but Lincoln gently held her in place. 					“Can I tell you what I think?”

				Again, she didn’t say anything.

				“I think you were in love and I think he either pulled a fast 					one or disappointed you somehow.”

				After another long pause, she finally spoke. “I should have 					known better. Lord knows, my family warned me that he was just looking for a 					free ride. I bought into the whole starving artist spiel. Hell, how could I not? 					I know plenty of them. The thing is, Ricky never wrote songs, or booked gigs, or 					tried to get into anyone’s studio. Though he did know how to throw a party. 					Sometimes three or four times a week.

				“So that was our relationship. I worked and he spent all the 					money. No one wants to admit that they’ve been made a fool. And it’s harder when 					everyone in the world knows but you. I understand why my brother flew across the 					country when he and Morgan broke up. Everyone was trying to fix his broken 					heart…as if they could. My three oldest sisters kept setting him up on blind 					dates.”

				“What was wrong with that?”

				“Nothing, except that they kept forgetting to tell him. Flex 					kept showing up at restaurants to meet one of us and instead he was met by his 					date for the evening. He caught on after the second time, then they went to 					ambushing him.”

				“Well, I know what that’s like.”

				“What?”

				“Oh, nothing.” He waved off his comment. “So you and your 					brother have a lot in common?”

				“As far as relationships go, yes. After I filed for divorce, 					Ricky found himself a richer sugar mama and I was spared paying alimony. Flex 					wasn’t so lucky.”

				Lincoln frowned. “He had to pay alimony?”

				“No. Morgan cleared out their bank accounts, CDs and stocks. 					Flex was devastated.”

				“Was he?” he asked somberly.

				“Yeah. Don’t tell my sisters, but I think he made the right 					choice in leaving. Lord knows I came close to moving to either London or New 					York myself.”

				“But that’s just running away from the problem. And always 					expecting men to disappoint you is no way to live. If we were to get married, I 					can’t guarantee I’m not going to disappoint you from time to time. You can’t 					guarantee you won’t do the same.”

				She sighed. “I know.”

				Lincoln directed her chin so that their gazes would meet again. 					“Do you?”

				His intense gaze saw past her facade and peeked into her soul. 					She didn’t mean for the tears to leak from her eyes, and once it happened she 					suddenly wanted to curl up and hide.

				Leaning forward, he kissed the dewy tracks of her tears. “It’s 					okay,” he whispered.

				And she believed him.

				One kiss led to another, while one touch led to another round 					of lovemaking.

				In all honesty, she didn’t think she had it in her, but once 					they got started she begged him not to stop.

				Covered in sweat, the lovers had more than their fair share of 					rose petals sticking to their bodies. However, after adjourning to the bathroom 					for a hot shower, it wasn’t long before Peyton found herself pressed up against 					the glass orb surrounding the tile.

				She didn’t have an answer to why she couldn’t get enough of 					him. Maybe it was time to stop asking why or when it was all going to end. Maybe 					it was time to just enjoy the moment—enjoy everything he made her feel.

				She took her time washing him. How could any woman not love the 					feel of this man’s chiseled body for the piece of art that it was? As hard as 					she tried, it wasn’t long before her negative thoughts raced back through her 					mind.

				He would be leaving at the end of the week. Long-distance 					relationships never worked. And there still has to be something wrong with 					him.

				“What’s the matter?” Linc asked, shutting off the shower and 					reaching for the baby oil.

				“Nothing,” she lied.

				His handsome features twisted into a dubious frown. “It sure 					looked like more than nothing.”

				She hesitated.

				Lincoln exhaled and began rubbing the oil into her skin. 					“Remember when I told you there was something I needed to tell you?”

				“The bad news?”

				“I never said that it was bad news.”

				Of course it is. “Okay.” While she 					waited through several of his false starts, her anxiety level began to creep up. 					“Just say it.”

				“There is something I haven’t told you.”

				Peyton didn’t like those words at all. She turned and exited 					the shower.

				“Wait. Where are you going?” Lincoln followed.

				She draped a towel around her body. “Nowhere. I just wanted to 					dry off,” she lied.

				The look on his face told her that he didn’t buy it. However, 					he didn’t reach for a towel. “I’m hoping what I have to tell you isn’t a big 					deal.”

				“Why don’t you let me be the judge of that?” she 					challenged.

				Lincoln suddenly felt unsure of himself. “All right. The thing 					is, when I first met you in New York I had no idea who you were.”

				She blinked. “O-okay.”

				“But when we went on our first date, I did put two and two 					together.”

				“Linc,” she said, clutching her hands. “Will you just spill it? 					You’re making me a nervous wreck.”

				“I’m friends with your brother,” he blurted out. “I know I 					should have said something sooner, but when you told me that you wouldn’t date 					another friend of his, I clammed up.”

				Peyton stared at him.

				He exhaled. “I didn’t tell Flex, either. He, sort of, made the 					same comment about it being a no-no. For the last three months it’s been killing 					me not to tell you.”

				Lincoln waited for her to say something and was surprised when 					she suddenly burst out laughing.





		 			 				Chapter 27

				“That’s it?” Peyton wiped tears from her 					eyes as she continued to laugh. “That’s your big news? I thought you were about 					to tell me that you were gay or something.”

				Lincoln winced and then joined her in her laughter. “So, you’re 					not mad?”

				She caught her breath and sat on the bed. “Well, I do remember 					my telling you all my horror stories dealing with Flex’s friends, so I can see 					why you were hesitant in bringing it up.”

				“Oh, thank goodness.” He relaxed and joined her on the bed. 					“You have no idea what a relief it is to hear you say that.” He pulled her into 					his arms.

				Her laughter quieted down as she slumped into his embrace. 					“Don’t ever scare me like that again.”

				“I’ll try not to.” He kissed her and wondered whether he should 					tell her about today’s events, but he wasn’t entirely comfortable telling her 					that Flex had lied to them. Flex should be the one to straighten that out.

				“Is there anything else I should know?” she asked, staring 					bright-eyed at him.

				He hesitated. “I don’t have any secrets, but…I think we need to 					talk to your brother tomorrow. I think there’s something he wants to tell 					you.”

				She stiffened. “Has something happened?”

				“No. Nothing like that.” He kissed her, then changed the 					subject. “Do you know what I could go for right about now?”

				“What’s that?”

				“Pizza!” He stood up and swept her up into his arms. “I’m 					starving.”

				“Good. That makes two of us.”

				He carried her into the living room where they ate cold pizza 					and drank warm wine. By the time the sun rose, the lovers returned to bed and 					fell into a deep slumber while cocooned in each other’s arms.

				* * *

				Flex took his time going downstairs for breakfast. He 					spent the night memorizing a speech and preparing for the consequences of his 					actions. When he reached the kitchen, he was just in time to greet Michael’s 					fiancé, Phil, as he was heading out to work.

				Two days before the man’s wedding and still he had his nose to 					the grindstone.

				“Heard about last night,” Phil said, grabbing his suit jacket. 					“One of these days, we’re going to have to try and rein in the Adams women.”

				“Good luck,” Marlin said, descending the staircase. “I gave up 					trying to get their mother under control early on.”

				Phil laughed and shook his head as he slipped out the front 					door.

				Marlin looked to his son. “He’ll learn sooner or later.”

				Flex smiled. “If he hasn’t learned by now, then, I don’t hold 					out too much hope for him.” He turned back toward the kitchen. “Would you like 					some coffee?”

				“Don’t mind if I do.”

				Father and son shuffled into the kitchen with awkward 					smiles.

				“I’m surprised Mike isn’t up,” Marlin commented. He reached for 					his beloved raisin bran cereal. “Then again, nosing in other folks’ business is 					pretty tiring work.”

				Flex cracked another smile. Everything in his childhood home 					was where it always was. The coffee and filters were in the second cabinet from 					the stove and the box of Equal was in the cupboard above the refrigerator.

				“So, where’s your friend?” Marlin asked suddenly. “Did you two 					get a good night’s sleep?”

				“Actually, Trey didn’t stay here last night, Pop.”

				“You two fighting again?”

				Flex glanced over at his dad and read genuine concern in his 					expression. It was time. Maybe trying his speech out on his dad wouldn’t be so 					bad. “The only reason Trey and I had an argument was that he found out I lied to 					you guys.”

				“Lied about what?” Michael’s voice whipped from across the 					kitchen.

				Flex looked up. For a fleeting moment, he thought about backing 					out of this, but knew that if he didn’t clear this up, Lincoln would do so for 					him later today.

				He took a deep breath and spilled the beans. “Trey is not and 					has never been my boyfriend. I lied about the whole thing.”

				* * *

				After only a few hours of sleep, Peyton opened her eyes 					to the sound of birds chirping outside her bedroom window. Instead of attempting 					to get out of bed, she snuggled closer to the hard body lying next to her. For a 					long time, she just lay there listening to the sound of his heartbeat and the 					steady flow of his breathing pattern.

				This was the happiest she’d ever been; plus, she’d never felt 					this comfortable with a man.

				Absently, she ran a finger down the open span of his chest, and 					before she knew it she was drawing invisible heart shapes and signing her 					name.

				“I see you’re awake,” Lincoln said. His deep baritone held a 					rough edge this early in the morning.

				“Yeah.” She stretched her neck and planted a kiss against his 					chin. “We have a lot to do before we meet my sisters for lunch.”

				“You mean we have to get out of bed?”

				“Can you believe it?”

				Lincoln moaned. “I can see now that this is going to be a 					sleep-deprivation type of vacation.”

				“You had plenty of chances to sleep last night.”

				“And miss out on all that good lovin’? No way.” He curled 					toward her and stole a kiss.

				With her head swimming with delight, Peyton wanted to shirk her 					responsibilities and lie in bed all day with the man of her dreams. But the 					thought of Michael doing her bodily harm if she didn’t pick up the rest of those 					wedding decorations was enough for her to fling back the sheets.

				“We better get up.”

				Lincoln groaned. “Do we have to?”

				“I’m afraid so.”

				After a few more minutes of whining and complaining, Lincoln 					finally got of bed and joined her for another shower. While they were busy 					lathering each other up, Peyton heard her phone ringing in the distance, but was 					in no hurry to run and answer it.

				They played with each other more than they bathed, and after an 					hour of such shenanigans, they left the bathroom and rushed to get ready for 					their day.

				“We’re going to have to stop somewhere and buy you some 					clothes,” Peyton said, after watching him pout about the clothes he had worn the 					day before.

				“That’s all right. I’m sure I’ll be picking up my luggage 					today.”

				“You must have better confidence in the airlines than I 					do.”

				Lincoln laughed. “Nothing as serious as that.”

				“Well, are you ready to go?” she asked.

				“What, no breakfast?”

				Peyton wiggled her feet into a pair of sandals and then grabbed 					her purse. “We’re going to have to pick up something along the way. I also have 					another surprise for you today.” She winked.

				Lincoln’s lips sloped unevenly. “I have a feeling today is 					going to be a day full of surprises.”

				* * *

				After Flex’s announcement, Michael called Frankie, who 					then called Sheldon, who then called Joey, and no one could reach Peyton. 					However, the person who seemed to have the hardest time with the confession was 					Marlin.

				“So…that young man—”

				“Is just a friend of mine,” Flex said.

				Michael couldn’t stop staring and shaking her head at her 					brother. “I can’t believe that you had me worrying about Trey all last 					night.”

				Flex winced. “I know. A part of me was still trying to avoid 					being found out,” he confessed. “All I can say is that I’m sorry. I never meant 					to hurt anybody. It started because I didn’t want you guys worrying about me in 					Georgia, and then I wanted word to get to Morgan that I had no trouble moving 					on. It seemed like a harmless lie.”

				Marlin tsked and shook his head. “No good ever comes out of 					lying. I thought I raised you all up better than that.”

				Flex took the scolding because he deserved it.

				“So what did you do, pay him to go along with this?” Michael 					folded her arms while the phone remained nestled under her ear.

				“No. Linc…Trey didn’t know anything until we arrived at the 					house. If anything, he was a good enough friend not to rat me out.”

				The kitchen filled with an awkward silence before Marlin, at 					last, cleared his throat. “Well, he was still a nice young man. Of course, now I 					feel a little silly for some of the things I talked to him about.”

				“Yeah, he told me about your talk last night,” Flex said. His 					eyes lowered to his coffee cup. “Maybe we can go out somewhere today and talk.” 					When his father didn’t answer, Flex’s gaze slid upward. “That’s if you want 					to.”

				A shaky smile hugged Marlin’s lips. “I think I’d like that very 					much.”

				* * *

				Peyton parked outside the Couture Art Museum in the 					heart of downtown San Jose. She turned off the engine and turned excitedly 					toward Lincoln.

				“This is it,” she announced.

				He glanced around and didn’t know what to make of his 					surroundings. “Where are we?”

				“We are at the museum that’s going to host your first art 					show.” She leaned over in her seat and kissed him. “Surprise.”

				She watched as astonishment sank into his features.

				“You have to be joking.”

				“Nope.” She turned and bounded out of the car. “I told Orlando, 					the director here, all about your work and he’s just dying to work with 					you.”

				“How? When?” Lincoln followed her up toward the museum’s 					door.

				“Actually, we have thirty days to get ready for your show.”

				“Thirty days? Is that enough time?”

				She grabbed hold of his hand. “You already have a lot of pieces 					done. All you have to do is go home and pick out your favorite ones. We’ll 					create a theme and presto, we’ll have our first show.”

				Lincoln still appeared shocked as he glanced around the 					contemporary gallery space. “You really think I can pull this off?”

				Peyton loved his bright-eyed reaction as she slid a supportive 					arm around his waist. “I think you’re going to be fabulous.”

				“Ah, P.J., you came,” a male’s voice boomed behind them.

				Peyton turned and beamed a bright smile at Orlando. “Of course 					I came.” She slid from Lincoln’s arms and into the friendly director’s. “I also 					brought you my latest protégé.”

				“Ah.” Orlando stretched out a hand toward Lincoln. “I heard a 					lot about your work, Mr. Carver. I’m sure we’ll work beautifully together.”

				Lincoln pumped his hand, while his smile beamed from ear to 					ear. “I can’t tell you how thrilled I am about this opportunity.”

				“All I can say is, if you’re half as good as P.J. claims, I 					have the feeling that this is going to be the beginning of a beautiful 					relationship.”

				* * *

				Flex was a nervous wreck when he arrived at the 					Peppermill, but he was determined to finally gain closure. As difficult as it 					was to confess to his family, he was certain it was nothing compared to the 					humiliation he was about to feel once he talked to Morgan.

				There was no excuse for Flex’s behavior in the past twenty-four 					hours. In fact, he wanted to chalk the whole thing up to temporary insanity. 					Thank goodness he had a true friend in Lincoln Carver. Granted, he was upset 					about Flex’s whopper of a story, but he didn’t judge or end their friendship. 					Heck, had it not been for Lincoln, Flex would have spent this entire trip 					avoiding his father, but now he was more than hopeful they could repair the 					damage they’d inflicted on each other a year ago.

				Peyton had found herself a good man in Lincoln. He just hoped 					she knew it.

				Flex followed his hostess through the Peppermill’s dark maze to 					an empty table near the back. “Thank you,” he said, taking his seat.

				Once he was alone, he practiced the speech he’d prepared during 					his ride over. But out of his list of questions, only one was important: Why did 					he leave?

				Ten years was a long time to spend with someone you thought you 					knew, someone you thought you loved and someone you thought loved you.

				Minutes into his rehearsed speech, Flex noticed the hostess 					heading back toward him. He straightened and put on his best smile before he 					noticed Morgan brought a guest.

				“Flex. I’m so happy you made it,” Morgan greeted him, extending 					a cold hand. “I hope you don’t mind, but I took the liberty to invite Vince. 					We’re, uh, sort of seeing each other.”

				Vince stretched out his hand.

				Flex felt sick as he accepted it.

				Morgan glanced around. “So, where’s Trey?”





		 			 				Chapter 28

				“You’re going to love this place,” Peyton 					bragged. “My sisters and I come here all the time.”

				Lincoln opened the door of the Peppermill. “As long as they 					serve food, they’re all right with me,” he joked, and followed her inside.

				The restaurant’s darkness jarred Lincoln, but once his vision 					adjusted, he was quite impressed with the place’s ambience.

				The smiling hostess finally approached her podium. “Oh, hello, 					P.J. Are you meeting your sisters today?”

				“Not today, Didi. I’m, uh, bringing in a new customer.” She 					winked.

				Didi’s gaze scanned Lincoln as she gave him a flirtatious 					smile. “I sure hope he’s going to be a regular.”

				Lincoln smiled broadly. “You never know.”

				The young hostess blushed and grabbed two menus from behind the 					podium. “Follow me.”

				Lincoln and Peyton laced their hands together and then fell in 					step behind Didi.

				They were led to a circular table with a fire crackling in the 					center gas firepit. “This is different.”

				“Do you like?” Peyton asked, sliding into her chair.

				“Love it. Now, let’s see if we can put some food in our 					bellies.”

				“A man with a one-track mind.”

				“Don’t try to front. I heard your stomach growling in the 					car.”

				Peyton blushed. “Oh, you heard that?”

				“Uh-huh. You know, I seem to remember you telling me that you 					knew how to use a stove.”

				“I do.”

				Lincoln rolled his eyes. “So you say. Pizza for dinner, and no 					breakfast. It’s not looking too good.”

				Her mouth fell open. “I’ve been… It’s not my fault that 					we…”

				“Well, there’s six more days left in my vacation.” He shrugged. 					“Who knows? I just might get a chance to taste these fictitious culinary 					skills.”

				“Fictitious?” She popped his hand. “All right. We’re not going 					to my father’s tonight. I’m inviting everyone over to my place. You’re going to 					get a home-cooked meal.”

				Laughing, Lincoln held up his hands. “Hey, I don’t want to put 					you out. If you can’t cook, you can’t cook. It won’t change the way I feel about 					you.”

				“I can cook. You’ll see. I’m going 					to make a big meal. You’ll eat it and you’ll like it.”

				“All right, all right. I believe you.”

				“Speaking of which, I seem to remember you bragging about being 					handy around the house.”

				The corners of Lincoln’s lips curled wickedly. “I thought I was 					very handy last night.” Despite the low lighting, Lincoln watched as Peyton’s 					face darkened with embarrassment.

				“I guess I walked into that one,” she said.

				“I’m afraid so.” He winked, and then leaned forward to take her 					hand. “For the hundredth time, thank you for arranging this show. I can’t tell 					you how much it means to me.”

				“I’m just doing what a good agent is supposed to do.” She 					winked back.

				His eyes widening in surprise, a cocky grin hooked the corners 					of Lincoln’s mouth. “Does this mean what I think it does?”

				“Hey.” She shrugged. “I always said I could separate business 					from pleasure. Now I get the chance to prove it.”

				“This day just keeps getting better and better.” He lifted her 					hand and brought it to his lips. “I wonder what the night will be like.”

				“You’ll just have to wait and see.” Her blush darkened.

				“And on that note,” he said, scooting out of the booth, “I 					think I’ll head to the men’s room.”

				She turned in her seat and pointed toward the back of the 					restaurant. “Just go around the bar. You can’t miss it.”

				Lincoln lifted her hand and brushed a kiss against her 					knuckles. “I’ll be right back.” He stood and followed her instruction. When he 					reached the bar, a voice boomed at him.

				“There he is! Trey, over here!”

				Lincoln’s head jerked at the sound of his name. To his right, 					he spotted someone waving. “Me?” He glanced around to make sure the person was 					referring to him, and then jabbed a thumb to the center of his chest for a 					double check.

				“Yes, you,” the man said.

				Frowning, he headed toward the stranger. Just as he was certain 					the man had mistaken him for someone else, recognition surged through his brain. 					“Morgan,” he said, with a jolt of surprise.

				Morgan extended his hand. “Flex was just telling us that you 					couldn’t make it.”

				Lincoln’s gaze fell to the two men settled around the dark 					table. He immediately recognized Flex’s large physique, despite his head being 					cradled in his hands. “Did he now?”

				“Oh, where are my manners?” Morgan said. “I’d like to introduce 					the new man in my life, Vince Mackey. Vince, this is Flex’s new hunk, Trey 					Carter.”

				“Nice to meet you,” Vince said, jutting out his hand.

				Lincoln’s emotions rocketed from annoyance to anger faster than 					the speed of light. His buddy had promised to clear 					this up, but apparently he hadn’t.

				“Here. Won’t you sit down?” Morgan asked.

				Flex still refused to meet Lincoln’s gaze, but there was 					something about his slumped body language that weakened Lincoln’s anger. 					Memories of Flex saving his life flashed through Lincoln’s mind, and he couldn’t 					bring himself to expose his friend in a lie.

				“Trey?” Morgan asked, frowning.

				“Yes?” Lincoln turned his attention toward Morgan.

				“Are you going to join us?”

				Lincoln cast a glance across the restaurant to where he’d left 					Peyton. Maybe he could spare just a few minutes. “Sure,” he said, flashing a 					smile.

				Flex lifted his head. His surprised gaze finally met 					Lincoln’s.

				“But I was just on my way to the bathroom,” Lincoln hinted.

				Flex stood. “I’ll come with you.” He flashed the other men a 					shaky smile. “We’ll be right back.”

				Lincoln turned and led Flex toward the back of the restaurant. 					However, the moment they entered the men’s room, Lincoln rounded on him. “You’ve 					lost your mind!”

				“I kept my word,” Flex said defensively. “I told my family the 					truth first thing this morning.”

				“Then what the heck was that out there?”

				Flex’s shoulders slumped as his explanation spilled forth. 					“Look, the past year hasn’t been easy for me—emotionally, anyway. Maybe I did 					hightail it out of California to get away from my problems. I came here for a 					real heart-to-heart with Morgan, but he showed up with this new guy and—” He 					stopped. “I was going to tell him the truth, honestly.”

				Lincoln’s anger dissolved at the genuine look of emotional 					turmoil on his friend’s face. “I guess relationships are complicated no matter 					who’s involved, huh?”

				Flex exhaled a long, tired breath. “Well, at least now you know 					I’m a fraud. I don’t have all the answers when it comes to relationships. I 					can’t manage my own love life.”

				Lincoln diverted his gaze from his friend’s pained expression. 					“You’re right. This isn’t the Flex I know. You would have told me that honesty 					was the best policy and to lay all my cards out on the table.”

				Flex sighed.

				“Fortunately for you, I’m not going to give you that same 					ridiculous advice. If you go out there with your tail tucked between your legs, 					you might as well paint the word loser on your 					forehead. Tell you what, I’m going to help you out,” he decided. “This, uh, 					Morgan dude pulled a fast one on you, right?”

				“Look, Linc, you don’t have to. This is my mess. I’ll figure 					something out.”

				Lincoln tossed up his hands. “Have it your way. Go out there 					and tell Morgan and his new friend the truth.”

				Flex hedged.

				Lincoln paced around. “Why would Morgan bring that guy here if 					not to rub it in your face?”

				“Maybe he thought I was bringing you?”

				“Nah, not after the way I left last night. I’ll tell you 					why—he’s still trying to pull your strings. He saw how you froze up last night. 					Hell, a blind man saw that.”

				“I forget, are you supposed to be helping?”

				“Of course I am.” Lincoln slapped a hand across his back. “But 					you have to toughen up. Morgan came here to play mind games, and we’re not going 					to let him win.”

				“We’re not?”

				“Hell no. Morgan has to know he can still get you. And that 					could only mean one thing.”

				“What?”

				Lincoln announced the obvious answer. “He wants you back,”

				Flex blinked. “You really think so?”

				Lincoln slowed his pep talk to study him. “The question is 					whether you want him back.”

				A toilet flushed and both men turned as a stall door swung 					open.

				A pencil-thin Caucasian in office blues emerged and glanced 					nervously at them.

				At six-four and six-three, Flex and Lincoln towered over the 					skittish man as he rushed to wash and dry his hands.

				“Excuse me,” he said, edging around them to get out the 					door.

				Lincoln’s gaze returned to Flex and the two men burst out 					laughing.

				“If you say so.” Flex walked over to the sink and began washing 					his hands.

				Lincoln studied him. “You know you didn’t answer my question. 					Do you want to get back with this dude?”

				“Not on your life.”

				Lincoln pounded his friend on the back. “This guy messes with a 					friend of mine, then he’s messing with me.”

				“That’s nice of you, Linc, but—”

				“C’mon. We can do this. We’ll just put on a little show for 					him—make him jealous.” He headed toward the door, and then stopped. “Problem.” 					He turned back to face Flex. “Peyton is also out there, too. You haven’t told 					her the truth yet, have you?”

				“I haven’t had a chance, but surely the sisters’ network has 					caught up with her by now.”

				Lincoln shook his head. “No, she doesn’t know. We have to talk 					to her first.”

				“Okay.”

				Lincoln nodded and drew a deep breath. “And another thing. What 					happens here at the Peppermill—”

				“Stays at the Peppermill,” Flex finished for him. “Got it.”

				The men waltzed out of the restroom confident in their new 					agenda. However, getting away from Morgan and Vince wasn’t such an easy 					feat.

				“Wait, where are you two going?” Morgan asked, jumping to his 					feet. “The waitress has been by twice asking for your drink order.”

				Lincoln tensed when Flex draped an arm around his shoulder.

				“Ah, Trey told me he hitched a ride with my sister, so I just 					want to go by her table and say hi.”

				“You mean Peyton?” Morgan asked.

				“Uh, yeah,” Lincoln said, frowning. “Why, did you see her?”

				“Yep. She just passed by here a few minutes ago on her way to 					the restroom. I told her you two were here. She said that she’d stop by when she 					came out.”

				Vince tugged Morgan’s arm. “I thought she said she hadn’t had 					the chance to meet Trey yet.”

				Morgan’s brows furrowed in thought. “Maybe we misunderstood 					her.” He gestured to the empty chairs in front of him. “Anyway, have a 					seat.”

				Lincoln tossed a worried look over his shoulder.

				“Guys?”

				Flex’s arm fell from Lincoln’s shoulder.

				“Oh, here she comes now.” Morgan’s chair screeched as he stood 					up and called, “Peyton. Peyton. Over here.”

				Neither Lincoln nor Flex turned around, but at the sound of her 					sandals clicking against the floor, Lincoln felt sick.

				“There’s my baby brother.” She rushed up into her brother’s 					arms. “I’m so sorry I didn’t get a chance to see you last night.” She squeezed 					him tight and kissed his cheek. “I’m so happy you’re home.”

				“P.J., there’s something I have to tell you,” Flex began.

				“There you are.” Peyton slid out of his arms and cast her eyes 					toward Lincoln. “I was wondering what was taking you so long.” She moved from 					her brother to Lincoln.

				Lincoln tried to pull her away. “I need to talk to you for a 					minute.”

				“I’m confused here,” Morgan said, easing closer. “Peyton, I 					thought you said that you hadn’t met Flex’s new boyfriend?”

				She perked up and looked around. “I haven’t. Where is he?”

				Lincoln and Flex tried again. “Peyton—”

				Morgan crossed his arms. “What are you talking about? You have 					your arms around Trey right now.”





		 			 				Chapter 29

				“What are you talking about? This is my boyfriend.” Peyton laughed, and then glanced up at 					a frowning Lincoln.

				His arms tightened around her. “Peyton, we need to talk.”

				He tried to lead her away, but she instantly sensed something 					was amiss and refused to budge. “Talk about what?”

				“Yeah? This I’d like to hear, too,” Morgan said, crossing his 					arms.

				“Wait.” Flex huffed out a breath. “I have something to 					say.”

				“Flex.” Lincoln gave him a strained look, while he continued to 					tug Peyton.

				“Oh…my…God!” Peyton’s eyes rounded with disbelief, a wave of 					panic seizing her as the entire restaurant began to spin.

				Morgan chuckled. “It looks like someone is playing both sides 					of the fence.”

				Vince snickered. “At least he’s keeping it in the family.”

				“Oh…my…God,” she exclaimed again, jerking from Lincoln’s grasp. 					“You’re Trey?”

				“Yes, my name is Trey, but—”

				“Oh, my God!”

				“It’s not what you think,” Lincoln and Flex said 					simultaneously.

				Peyton kept backing up, shaking her head. Finally, the bomb had 					dropped. She had finally discovered what was wrong with her perfect man—he 					was…on the down low.

				Michael’s words roared in her head. “You’d 						be surprised how many men swing both ways.” Her voice was quickly 					replaced by Lincoln’s earlier confession. “I’m a friend of 						your brother’s.”

				“I think I’m going to be sick.” She bolted from the small 					crowd.

				Both Lincoln and Flex reached for her in a few quick 					strides.

				“Don’t touch me!”

				“P.J. Listen to me,” Flex said. “I—”

				“I’m going to be sick!” She pushed her way between them.

				“Peyton,” Lincoln shouted and once again caught up with her in 					two long strides to block her exit. “Why won’t you listen? I’m not Flex’s—” His head jerked back from the hard blow 					of her hand.

				“I wish I’d never laid eyes on you,” she seethed. Pain consumed 					her heart and she was possessed with the need to retaliate. “You disgust 					me!”

				An unfamiliar male voice interrupted them. “Excuse me, I’m the 					manager on duty. I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you two to leave.”

				“Gladly,” she said, lifting her chin and meeting Lincoln’s 					angry glare. “I never want to see you again.”

				From over his shoulder she saw her brother now move toward her, 					but she quickly turned and headed out of the restaurant. And then something akin 					to an iron vise fastened around her waist and lifted her off her feet.

				“You’re going to listen to me whether you want to or not,” 					Lincoln said in a low growl.

				Peyton’s anger morphed to pure shock over the fact that she was 					being manhandled. “Put me down!”

				When Lincoln shoved open the glass door, the couple was 					instantly drenched in sunlight. They received a few stares from people heading 					into the restaurant, but neither Lincoln nor Peyton cared.

				“Put me down,” she demanded again, and was stunned when her 					feet unceremoniously hit the concrete. Her knees buckled, but she was saved when 					Lincoln’s strong hands steadied her.

				“What is wrong with you?” he growled.

				“Me?” she thundered back.

				“I’m not your brother’s boyfriend!” His features hardened into 					stone. “How could you even think that? You believe me to be so low that I would 					be having an affair with both of you? I don’t even know what to say to 					that.”

				Peyton’s ready retort dissolved on the tip of her tongue. For 					several heartbeats, she could only manage to blink at him.

				“I thought that you knew me. I thought you knew my heart.”

				His words crushed her soul.

				“It’s true,” Flex said softly.

				Her gaze shot over to her brother.

				“That’s what we’ve been trying to tell you,” he added.

				She stepped back and stared at the two men, while a gamut of 					emotions warred within her. “So…you’re not Trey?”

				Lincoln turned to Flex angrily. “Why don’t you explain?”

				Flex nodded and stepped forward. “P.J., you first have to know 					that I never meant to hurt you.”

				“Is he or is he not your Trey?”

				“Yes and no.”

				Peyton’s head threatened to explode. “C’mon. Give me something. 					I’m starting to feel like the butt of a joke.”

				“I lied, P.J.,” Flex finally blurted. “I lied to you about 					Trey—Lincoln. I wanted word to get back to Morgan that I’d moved on and I used 					the first name that popped into my head. Lincoln had no idea about any of this 					until yesterday. He was willing to play along in there to help me save face in 					front of Morgan.”

				“What?” She shook her head. This was all too much information 					to take in at one time. Her boyfriend was her brother’s boyfriend and now he 					wasn’t. It was as if they were purposely trying to drive her insane.

				“That doesn’t make sense. Why would you lie about something 					like that—and why with him?”

				“Because I thought he was someone my family would never meet,” 					Flex reasoned. “It’s stupid, I know. You have to believe me. Lincoln didn’t know 					anything about my lying to my family until yesterday. His willingness to lie to 					Morgan was nothing more than him trying to help a friend.”

				Peyton stared at her brother in outrage, but when her gaze 					swung to Lincoln, humiliation rose and clogged her throat. “So you’re not on the 					down low?”

				His features twisted in confusion. “The what?”

				At long last, she released a relieved breath. She even tried to 					laugh at herself and the situation, but her voice shattered like glass. When she 					took a tentative step forward, Lincoln’s hard gaze smote her where she 					stood.

				Flex turned his attention toward his friend, as well. “This 					isn’t her fault.”

				Lincoln gave him a small nod, but his gaze was now infused with 					hurt.

				Peyton couldn’t shake the feeling of being the prosecutor and 					the defendant. She was at a loss as to how to repair the damage her harsh words 					had created. The only thing she could think to say was, “Seems like I owe you an 					apology.”

				Another slow nod.

				“Given the circumstances, you can’t blame me for—”

				“Not listening?” he supplied for her. “Automatically thinking 					the worst of me.”

				Flex stepped forward. “Linc—”

				“Do you mind leaving us alone for a few minutes?” Lincoln’s 					hard gaze swung to Flex.

				Flex folded his meaty arms as if he was going to refuse the 					request. But when Peyton laid a hand against his shoulder, he quickly 					acquiesced.

				Peyton watched her brother’s reluctance as he turned and walked 					away. A couple exited the Peppermill and cast their curious gazes in their 					direction. “Do you mind if we could at least go somewhere where we have a little 					more privacy?”

				She pretended her heart didn’t break at his hesitancy, just as 					she pretended she wasn’t drowning in an ocean of shame. Neither spoke as they 					walked toward her car and even long after they had settled into their seats.

				“I’m sorry,” she, at last, said with a shrug. “There’s nothing 					else I can say. I should have given you more time to explain, but I was duped in this whole thing.”

				“I know.” He glanced out of his side window. He seemed 					determined to end the conversation before it ever got started.

				After the long seconds stretched into minutes, he glanced over 					at her. “Is it always going to be like this between us?”

				She frowned at the question.

				“You waiting for the bubble to burst, the shoe to fall—this 					whole ‘when is this man going to turn into a frog?’ thing you have going here. 					How much longer is this going to go on?”

				Peyton opened her mouth, but when she realized that she didn’t 					have a ready answer, she closed it again.

				Disappointment etched into Lincoln’s features. “You know, as 					long as I can remember I just wanted to understand women. And now I think I 					understand you all too well.”

				Though she feared his next words, she lifted her chin high as 					she met his gaze.

				“It seems like you just won’t let go of old baggage.” His words 					softened as he held her gaze. “Not every man wants to use or hurt you. And as 					much as I want to be your prince, I fear the day you truly discover I’m not 					perfect. My faults will just be added to a growing list of things you can’t 					stand about men.”

				“I don’t know about that. This time it was my brother who lied 					to me.”

				“And yet you wouldn’t give him the opportunity to explain, 					either.”

				Peyton knew that she should be defending herself. She was, 					after all, a product of her past relationships, but the line blurred between 					what were lessons learned and what was considered baggage. “So what are you 					trying to say?”

				He lowered his gaze. “I want to end this. I don’t think we have 					what it takes to make this relationship work.”





		 			 				Chapter 30

				The wedding

				“He doesn’t think you have what it takes to 					make the relationship work?” Michael repeated, pacing back and forth in her 					wedding gown. “He actually said that?”

				Joey tossed up her hands. “Will you please be still? I’m trying 					to fasten your dress.”

				Michael rolled her eyes and forced herself to stand still, but 					her foot tapped nonstop against the floor.

				Frankie turned her soured expression toward Peyton. “So what 					did you say?”

				Peyton shrugged as her gaze fell to a patch of her blush-pink 					gown. “What could I say?”

				Her sisters waited for her to continue, but the sad fact was 					there was nothing else to tell them.

				“Don’t tell me you just sat there,” Michael said in 					astonishment. “You were just telling us that you thought he was the one.”

				“Mike, be still,” Joey barked.

				Peyton swallowed the rising lump in her throat and fought back 					the threat of tears. “I’ve been wrong before.”

				Frankie settled a hand against her shoulder. “Are you going to 					be all right?”

				“Aren’t I always?” Peyton forced her chin up and ran through a 					short list of affirmations, but they were all crap and she knew it.

				“You know, this is all Francis’s fault,” Michael started up 					again. “None of this would have happened if he’d just been honest.”

				“It’s not his fault.” Peyton shook her head as she stood up. 					“Lincoln said that I have too much baggage and severe trust issues.”

				The room fell silent.

				She glanced back at her sisters. Their gazes darted around the 					room.

				“What? Don’t tell me that you agree with him?”

				“Well,” Joey began, but quickly clamped her mouth shut when 					Michael elbowed her.

				Peyton rounded on her sisters. “You have to be kidding me. All 					of you feel this way?”

				Everyone’s eyes continued to avoid Peyton’s.

				“Okay. So I might be a little selective or even picky when it 					comes to men, but that doesn’t mean I have baggage. Baggage is having umpteen 					children—each one having a different daddy. That’s not me. I’m a successful, if 					I do say so myself, independent woman—”

				“Maybe too independent,” Sheldon chimed in from across the 					room. She shrugged when everyone’s gaze swung in her direction, and then 					reclined back against the chaise with her belly protruding outward. “Well, if 					she has to hear the truth, it might as well be from us.”

				Peyton’s gaze slid back to Michael, Frankie and Joey. 					“Well?”

				Her sisters’ evasive eyes finally met in her direction, while a 					collective sigh filled the room.

				Peyton’s heart sank at the sight of gloom and doom painted on 					their faces. “Just forget it.” She waved them off and turned away. Their failure 					to back her up on this issue felt like a knife to the heart, and it was 					difficult to pretend otherwise.

				“C’mon, P.J.,” Sheldon said. “Would you rather we lie? You 						can be a little hard on men. We’ve told you this 					before.”

				Peyton clenched her jaw and squeezed her eyes shut. Had the 					iron fence around her heart cost her the best thing that had come into her 					life?

				She flinched when a pair of cool hands settled on her 					shoulders, but then relaxed when Frankie’s comforting voice brushed against her 					ear. “We all understand why. It’s just that if you ever want to be in a 					meaningful relationship again, you’re going to have to risk having your heart 					broken.”

				“I already have.” Peyton opened her eyes, but her vision was 					blurred by brimming tears. She drew in a shaky breath and winced as if her heart 					were being torn from her chest. “And it hurts like hell.”

				She turned toward Frankie and instantly wrapped her arms around 					her. “I really did screw this up, didn’t I?”

				“Oh, P.J.” Frankie squeezed her tight.

				Before Peyton knew it, two more sets of arms enveloped her. She 					was nearly crushed beneath the wave of love and support.

				“P.J., you’re going to have to forgive me,” Sheldon said from 					the chaise. “But I don’t think I’m going to be able to get up.”

				The statement elicited a chorus of laughter from the 					sisters.

				From this moment, Peyton drew a measure of comfort from her 					sisters. Yet she still wished like hell there was some way she could get her man 					back.

				* * *

				It was a beautiful day for an outside wedding. As 					friends and family filled every chair on the lush lawn, there was no mistaking 					the buzz of excitement. After years of being engaged, Michael and Phil were 					finally getting married. Many had doubted this day would ever come.

				A hush fell over the crowd as “The Wedding March” suddenly 					filled the air. Tears sprang to Peyton’s eyes as she took her position to march 					single file out onto the lawn. It was all she could do to concentrate on placing 					one foot in front of the other. Once she reached her marked area, she was to 					link arms with her groomsman partner, but way before she hit that mark, her gaze 					zeroed in on the man approaching her.

				“Lincoln…?” Her steps faltered and she quickly hustled to get 					back into step with the music.

				She hit the mark and paused again, when Lincoln, handsome in a 					black-and-white tuxedo, offered her his arm.

				“What are you doing here?”

				“Filling in for a sick groomsman.” He jutted his arm toward her 					again.

				Disappointment crushed her heart.

				“And of course, I wanted to try and win you back.”

				Someone coughed and jarred Peyton back to reality. At last, she 					accepted Lincoln’s arm. Together, they marched down the aisle toward the 					minister.

				“You know, this is pretty good practice,” he whispered into her 					ear, making her miss a step.

				“You’re not funny,” she admonished him. “What happened to all 					that stuff about us not having what it takes to make this relationship 					work?”

				He fell silent for a couple of steps before he replied, “I’ve 					been wrong before. The thing is…I love you.”

				Tears seeped from her eyes as they finally arrived at the 					altar. Silently, they separated to stand at their designated positions.

				Lincoln tried to calm the wild pounding of his heart. He had 					taken a big chance in coming there today. But he couldn’t get himself to board 					the plane that morning. He couldn’t walk out on the best thing that had ever 					happened to him.

				He watched the rest of the wedding party as they marched down 					the aisle, but kept sending covetous glances towards Peyton. She was beautiful 					in a pink bridesmaid dress with her hair pinned up, and soft ringlets framing 					her face.

				But Peyton refused to meet his gaze.

				The wedding went off without a hitch. The crowd burst into 					jubilant excitement when the minister presented Mr. and Mrs. Phil Matthews.

				Lincoln tolerated the silent treatment for a few minutes while 					everyone posed for photographs. But after that, he managed to corner Peyton 					before she made it to the reception tent. However, he hadn’t expected to find 					her eyes swimming in tears.

				“You know we belong together,” he said gently. “I know it, too. 					But this is something we’re going to have to work at.”

				She remained silent and refused to look at him.

				Lincoln released a long breath. “It’s up to you. Maybe you 					don’t want to give us another try?”

				Peyton sniffed. “It’s not that,” she finally said.

				“Then what is it?” he asked, and then inched closer.

				Wiping at a stray tear, she met his eyes. “I’m afraid that you 					were right yesterday. I don’t know how to let go of old baggage. I don’t know 					how not to expect the worst.”

				It was Lincoln’s turn to lower his gaze. The silence that stood 					between them made it seem as if they were attending a funeral instead of a 					wedding.

				“But I’m willing to try. If you’d let me.”

				Lincoln’s gaze flew back up to meet hers. Had he heard her 					right?

				“I love you, Lincoln. I know that much.” She moved closer to 					him. “Neither of us is perfect, but we’re definitely perfect for each other. 					Marry me.” She wrapped her arms around his neck.

				He blinked in surprise. “Hey, that’s my line.”

				“Not anymore.” She smiled. “Marry me.”

				He rolled his eyes playfully. “I don’t know. It’s sort of 					sudden and where is my ring?”

				“Going once, twice—”

				“Yes,” he said, and then sealed the deal with a kiss.

				Cheers surrounded the couple and they immediately sprang 					apart.

				“I guess this means I’m off the hook?” Flex asked as he draped 					his heavy arms around the newly engaged couple.

				Peyton waved a finger in front of him. “You’re not going to get 					off that easy.”

				“Guys?” Sheldon’s voice sliced through the crowd. “Uh, I think 					I need to get to the hospital. My water just broke.”

				All hell broke loose as the entire Adams clan scrambled to get 					Sheldon to the hospital. So much so that they had forgotten to tell her 					husband—who was in the bathroom. Lincoln found himself in the center of the mix, 					and was the appointed driver. In that instant, he was accepted as a member of 					the family.

				A few hours later, he and Peyton stood arm in arm at the 					hospital’s nursery. They stared and made funny faces at Sheldon’s newborn baby 					girl.

				“You know, I wouldn’t mind having a few of those myself,” he 					hinted.

				“Oh? And just how many did you have in mind?” she asked, 					glancing up.

				“One, two—a dozen.”

				Peyton nearly choked.

				“Okay, a half dozen,” he amended with a wink.

				Peyton chuckled, and then slid her arms around him. 					“Aim…lower.”

				“Well, at least I know we’ll have fun making them.”

				“You know, there’s no crime in getting started right away.”

				“Sounds like a short engagement is in order.”

				“I think that might be best.” She tilted up her chin and 					received a kiss. When their lips broke away, she made a confession. “I’m glad 					you came back.”

				“I’ll always come back to you. I love you.” He kissed her 					again. “So what’s it going to be—Georgia or California?”

				“I love you, too, and I’ll be happy anywhere—as long as we’re 					together.”

				“California it is.” He winked. “Of course, that’s depending on 					whether my boyfriend, Flex, doesn’t mind.”

				“Very funny.” Peyton smacked him playfully on the chest. “I’m 					not sharing you with anyone.”

				Lincoln leaned down and kissed the top of her head. 					“Ditto.”

				* * * * *





				We hope you enjoyed this Harlequin ebook. Connect with us for 					info on our new releases, access to exclusive offers, free online reads and much 					more!



				Subscribe to our newsletter: Harlequin.com/newsletters



				Visit Harlequin.com



				We like you—why not like us on Facebook: Facebook.com/HarlequinBooks



				Follow us on Twitter: Twitter.com/HarlequinBooks



				Read our blog for all the latest news on our authors and books: 						HarlequinBlog.com





				ISBN: 9781459237964

				Copyright © 2005 by Adrianne Byrd





				All rights reserved. By payment of the required fees, you have been 					granted the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and read the text of 					this e-book on-screen. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, 					down-loaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any 					information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether 					electronic or mechanical, now known or hereinafter invented, 					without the express written permission of publisher, Harlequin Enterprises 					Limited, 225 Duncan Mill Road, Don Mills, Ontario, Canada M3B 3K9.

				This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents 					are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and 					any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, 					events or locales is entirely coincidental. This edition published by 					arrangement with Harlequin Books S.A.

				® and ™ are trademarks of the publisher. Trademarks indicated with ® 					are registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian 					Trade Marks Office and in other countries.

				www.Harlequin.com





