Table of Contents

Dedication

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Epilogue

Acknowledgments

About the Author

If you love sexy romance, one-click these steamy Brazen releases… Playing Dirty

Hitting It

Served Cold

Rules of Entanglement





This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Copyright © 2018 by Naima Simone. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce, distribute, or transmit in any form or by any means. For information regarding subsidiary rights, please contact the Publisher.

Entangled Publishing, LLC

2614 South Timberline Road

Suite 105, PMB 159

Fort Collins, CO 80525

rights@entangledpublishing.com

Brazen is an imprint of Entangled Publishing, LLC.

Edited by Tracy Montoya

Cover design by KAM Designs

Cover photography by

VSanandhakrishna/iStock

fxquadro/Deposit Photos

Dmitrytime/Deposit Photos

Krivosheevv/Deposit Photos

DmitryPoch/Deposit Photos

ISBN 978-1-64063-565-4

Manufactured in the United States of America

First Edition July 2018





To Gary. 143.





Chapter One


Jesus Harry Christ. Kill me now.

Ronin Palamo winced as his sister slapped him in the stomach. Two things occurred to him at once: he’d uttered his slightly blasphemous prayer out loud, and Hana packed a punch. Since he’d been the one to teach her how to throw a smack, he couldn’t prevent the thump of pride from pounding in his chest.

“Oh, stop being such a drama queen,” Hana grumbled. “You keep mumbling under your breath, and you won’t have to ask God to take you out. I’ll do the job myself.”

In spite of the threat she delivered with convincing menace, he grinned, wisely deciding to keep the “bridezilla” comment to himself. It still shocked him a little when he thought of their family’s tomboy with the Napoleon complex getting married. Hence this dreaded, mind-numbing, soul-snatching afternoon at the Seattle Wedding Expo.

He shuddered. Just the word “wedding” sent fingernails scraping down his back. And not in the good, hot-and-sweaty-mid-sex way either. It was a wonder he hadn’t broken out in hives. Yet.

Still, Ronin was the big brother—the only brother—of his loud, crazy, but loving brood of four sisters. And when Hana had come to him, asking if he’d attend this idea of hell with her, well, he couldn’t refuse. He loved her and would do anything for her. Including subject himself to boutonniere-induced seizures.

“You would threaten the man who gave up his Saturday—his last free Saturday before preseason starts, I might add? Talk about ungrateful.” Ronin tsked. “Who raised you? Wolves?”

“No, your mother.”

“Close enough.”

They glanced at each other and started snickering. Truth be told, their mother would probably find the comparison flattering. A fierce, dominant, protective female who provided for her pack and would rip anyone to shreds who dared cross them? Hell, the wolf was probably her probably her patronus. Thank you very much, Harry Potter.

“Seriously, Han, how much longer am I required to suffer? We’ve been here”—he peered down at his watch—“two hours already. How many floral arrangements and invitations can you look at in one afternoon?”

Yep, he was whining. He didn’t care if he was being a big man-baby. The occasion called for it. And if any of his teammates found out about this, he would be the brunt of every joke in the locker room. Didn’t matter that he was the star wide receiver for the Washington Warriors football franchise and had been for seven of the eight years he’d been on the NFL team. Didn’t matter that he’d been All Pro six years running. Nope, if any images of him studying wedding favors leaked, his ass would be in a sling from now until the end of the season.

Thank God, no one had seemed to recognize him, probably due in part to a “gently used,” black fedora he’d picked up from one of the thrift stores near his house, and his long hair tucked into a bun that “only samurais and girls should wear,” as his oldest sister, Alea, put it.

He scrubbed a hand over the nape of his neck. He wouldn’t dare steal any of his sister’s joy and excitement, but all these flowers with their cloying smells were like delicate-scented nooses strangling the hell out of him. Each slow pull drew him back to another time—exactly two years ago in just three more days—when baskets, arches, and sprays of flowers had filled a church, their fragrances suffocating him along with the dark hole of grief…

With something that felt uncomfortably close to desperation, he scanned the hall, searching until he located her.

The noose loosened a fraction, enough for him to drag in a cleansing, free breath of air. Yeah, this he was used to. Familiar with. How many times in the last two years had he eased the dagger-sharp pain of loss, the yawning, empty loneliness, with lust, with sex? Too damn many to count.

He’d noticed her almost the moment he’d arrived. Standing in front of a booth bearing a huge banner with an image of a glamorous hotel that looked like something out of a 50s black-and-white movie, and aptly named the Grand, she was a stunner. Rivaled the sophistication and beauty of the seven-foot image behind her. Even from across the convention hall, he noted her beautiful, almost…aristocratic features. Yeah, she had that “don’t come for me unless I call for you” vibe his youngest sister described as “resting bitch face.”

Except he didn’t see it as a negative.

No, she exuded graceful poise and confidence.

From the slanting, sharp cheekbones, to the elegant slope of her nose, to the full, damn near lush mouth that had his dick giving its stamp of approval, to the sleek fall of dark brown hair that framed her face and fell inches below her shoulders, she could’ve been a supermodel, or a warrior queen sitting on a throne, demanding her subjects’ attention and adoration.

And he should really lay the fuck off Outlander. All this poise–elegant-cheekbones–adoration shit was threatening his Man Card.

It would help if he could stop staring at her like a creepy stalker. But even with the features of a queen—there he went again—her body was that of a goddamn porn star. Slender, but damn, curves for days. The form-fitting black suit jacket and skinny skirt didn’t conceal the breasts that appeared to be a perfect handful—perfect for hands his size—or the generous flare of hips that could no doubt take a little rough handling. Hell, she looked built for sex. And not the gentle, under the covers, all the lights out sex. No. Fucking. She seemed like she could not only take a fucking but give one out so good it’d make a man sell his soul for another raw, sticky-skinned, dirty round.

Need, rough and spiked, knotted his gut as he returned his regard to her lovely face. From this distance, he couldn’t detect the color of her eyes, but he’d bet his left nut her gaze was straightforward, unwavering, and didn’t take any shit. Damn, he wished he could see the color, so he could picture what they would look like glazed from a hard-won orgasm.

“Here,” Hana said, tearing him from his slightly obsessed scrutiny of a sexy-as-hell stranger. He glanced down to see her shove a small piece of cake in a sparkly paper cup into his chest. “Have some cake. You’re not yourself when you’re hungry.”

He snorted, but for the next half hour, he gorged himself on bite-sized samples of hideously expensive cake, going from table to table bearing banners for various bakers. Red velvet, devil’s food, strawberry delight… The sweets violated his strict diet, and he’d have to put extra hours in the weight room. But totally worth it.

“When I did this, I always imagined Mom with me, not you,” Hana murmured. She lifted a shoulder in a half shrug. “No offense.”

“None taken.” Ronin pulled his sister close and pressed a quick kiss to the top of her dark curls even as he forced himself to swallow past the sadness, anger, and worry that had lodged in his chest. Clearing his throat, he squeezed her shoulders. “I wish she was, too.”

Because their mother should’ve been with her daughter, oohing and aahing over all this wedding shit that bored the hell out of him. And if she hadn’t just been diagnosed with stage two breast cancer, she would’ve been. So, he’d volunteered to go with his sister, all the while trying to remain strong for his mom, the woman who’d been his rock his entire life. Struggling to hide that he was shaken, hurting, and fucking terrified of losing her.

Jesus, he didn’t think he could survive another loss of someone he loved.

“Mom’s going to be fine. And if she knew you were at this expo upset, she would rip me a new one. And let’s be honest. My ass is way too nice for that.” Hana’s fist connected with his stomach, and he released an exaggerated grunt then laughed. “It’s almost time to check out these dresses that cost more than my car,” he announced. “Let’s go get a seat.”

This was Hana’s day. No sadness. He took her empty paper plate and tossed it along with his before letting her lead the way to the huge stage and runway set up in the middle of the convention center. Several rows of chairs flanked either side, and he groaned as Hana headed toward the few empty seats on the front row.

“I feel like such a pussy,” he muttered, crossing his arms. “Hold my seat. I have to hit the can.”

Before his sister could object or stop him, he shot to his feet and slid past the row full of women, hurrying in the direction of the bathrooms…and freedom.

As soon as he cleared the area with most of the booths, he inhaled the first wedding-free breath he’d taken in hours. The heavy metal doors with their crossbars beckoned, and he detoured toward them. If he was going to make it the rest of the afternoon, he needed a break, even if it was a short-lived one. As long as it was absent of flowers, arches, dresses, and embellished card stock.

Pushing on one of the doors and exiting as if committing a jailbreak, he strode across the convention center’s lobby. For the life of him, he couldn’t understand all the fuss and money spent on one day, when the ceremony would probably last longer than the actual marriage. Why in the hell would someone willingly put themselves through the torture of—

“Ronin,” an unfortunately familiar voice called his name.

No fucking way. He groaned, not needing to turn around to lay eyes on the woman behind him to identify her. Marissa. The Clinger. Mentally, he slapped his palm to his forehead. How had she found him? Did she have a GPS tracker on his truck? As soon as he and Hana left this place, he was taking his vehicle in to be checked.

Damn, this sucked. His best friends Zephirin and Dom might call him a man-whore—and in all fairness, he might have earned that title in the last couple of years—but being raised by a single mom with four sisters prevented him from being disrespectful and offensive to any woman. Which was why he never lied to one, was always upfront about only wanting a night or two of mutually satisfying sex and nothing more. Most women accepted it. Sad but true—a lot of women he encountered just wanted the bragging rights of fucking a professional football player.

But Marissa was a whole ’nother story.

Desperate, he surveyed the partially empty lobby. He could head back into the convention hall, but he didn’t put it past the persistent one-night stand from hell to follow him inside and cause a scene. He didn’t want to put Hana into that position.

Damn, he should’ve just kept his ass in the seat for the fashion—

The door leading to the wedding expo opened, and she exited. The woman from the hotel booth. The one who’d captured his attention and fascination.

His feet moved in her direction even before his brain had fully formed an idea.

…

“Landon, just let Rankin know that even though I’m in Seattle, the team that came up with the concept for his marketing campaign is still in place in Boston. Tell him everything is running smoothly and set to launch next week as planned. And if any issues pop up, I’m just a phone call away.” Kim Matlock shoved out of one of the wide doors and into the partially empty—and much quieter—lobby of the convention center where the Seattle Wedding Expo was being held. Holding back a relieved sigh, she continued her conversation with one of her Public Relations department heads from Bishop Enterprises’ Boston offices. Pinching the bridge of her nose, she listened as Landon continued on about the complaints from a high-maintenance president of an insurance company they’d recently acquired. “He should be satisfied that we’ll provide the necessary rebranding and publicity, as promised when Bishop Enterprises bought them. Listen, shoot me his email, and I’ll reply to him, okay?”

Seconds later, Kim ended the call and exhaled a deep breath.

This she could handle—projects, clients, campaigns. Give her a problem, and she thrived on solving it. As Vice President of Public Relations with Bishop Enterprises, her half brother’s financial and holding company, she’d spent the last eight years proving her presence and position had been earned rather than gifted through nepotism. And to some degree, she’d succeeded. But being a woman—and a woman with brown skin when her CEO brother’s was white—in a male-dominated field brought its own set of challenges. But damn if she didn’t meet those head on, too. She refused to be defeated.

In business, at least.

This time, she released the sigh that she’d previously held back and scrolled through the list of texts she hadn’t been able to answer for the past few hours. Today, all her attention had been devoted to ensuring the expo was a success for Bishop Enterprises as a sponsor, and the Grand as the hotel chain they were promoting. This expo was just step one in revamping the marketing and branding for the beautiful, old-world hotels. Advertising their huge ballrooms as the perfect wedding and reception venues to excited brides and mothers-of-the-brides had been one of the ideas she’d come up with when directed to take on this project. The Grand hotel chain was bleeding money, and if she didn’t turn the financial trajectory around in a year, they would have to dump it, sell to the highest bidder. Which would only piss off her father since the chain had originally been his acquisition. First, his son had taken over as CEO a year ago and had relegated Malcolm to the position of another Vice President. And now, his bastard daughter, who he resented the hell out of, had been called in to save his failing project. He was not overjoyed.

Still, regardless of her father’s connection to the hotel chain, she wasn’t letting it go under without a fight.

Even if it meant spending a weekend in her private version of hell.

Weddings. Brides. Love. Marriage. Commitment.

Lies. Pain. Betrayal.

Bullshit.

Only a few years ago, she’d been like one of those excited women in the convention hall, visiting the different vendors and ogling the wedding dresses in the fashion show.

But marriage to a cheating football player had obliterated those hopes of happily ever after, boisterous kids, a messy but deliriously happy home, and celebrated anniversaries. Her shit-show of a union had reduced her dreams to just that—dreams.

Now, thirty years old and divorced, she’d rather dance barefoot on a bed of Washington state’s famed prickly pine tree needles than be here among these smiling, foolishly optimistic and naive women. Lambs to the proverbial slaughter.

Her phone vibrated then pinged in her hand, dragging her from her morose, bitter thoughts. Thank God. She was depressing her own self.

“That was fast.” Glancing down at her screen, she expected to see an email notification from Landon, but instead… “Oh, shit,” she muttered, fingers tightening around the cell. “You’ve got to be kidding me.” She narrowed her eyes at the little card-like text notification, but nope. The name stayed the same.

Matt Cooper. Her low-life, cheating, lying ex-husband.

Her ex-husband who obviously couldn’t take a hint about leaving her alone. This was the fourth text he’d sent in as many days.

Apparently, “I hope you die, resurrect, choke on a bag of dicks, and die again,” didn’t mean what it used to.

Swiping her thumb across the screen, she relegated the message to the trash can, unread. On a good day, she had a limited number of fucks to give, and this weekend’s event had drained her of every last one. But even if she’d been home doing her couch potato act, she still wouldn’t waste a single, solitary fuck on him, of all people.

“Damn,” she whispered, shoving her phone in her jacket pocket, hating that her hand trembled. Hating that even though a year had passed since she’d discovered Matt’s infidelity, she still resembled a bombed-out, burned shell of a house after a riot—looted, empty, scarred, abandoned…lonely.

Hated herself for allowing just the sight of his name on her phone screen to affect her.

Get it together, she ordered herself, jerking her chin up in a defiant gesture that was lost on everyone in the lobby except her. Matt, her marriage, the devastation he’d wreaked—they were her past. Her career, this project revamping the hotel—they were her future…

Big, thick arms covered in geometric patterns and swirls of black ink banded her waist, pulling her back against a rock-solid wall of muscle.

Holy shit.

Shock whipped through her like wicked, wild lightning, paralyzing every limb. Her lungs seized, trapping her breath but allowing her heart to pound out a rapid, What the living hell? beat.

Do something! Scratch! Stomp a foot! Grab a nut!

The mental shouts reverberated off the walls of her skull like ping-pong balls on speed, but every self-defense technique she’d learned at the YWCA absconded along with her ability to move.

“I think you might have mist—” she began, finally locating her voice.

“Help me.” The deep rumble vibrated against her back before the actual words reached her ears, reminding her of a bear’s growl. Not a Care Bear or Yogi, but a hungry grizzly just waking from hibernation. It was official; she was losing it.

She shook her head, trying to empty it of the inane thoughts. With that voice, she’d have expected him to say a smooth come-on or even something dirty and raw. Definitely not an S.O.S. Apparently taking the gesture as a rejection of his request, he murmured in her ear again with that gravel-and-midnight timbre, his lips brushing her skin.

“Please,” he pleaded. “I’m being hunted. Like big-white-hunter-on-safari hunted. Help me,” he repeated. “I’ll pay you back. A house. Do you need a house? Or maybe a car? Whatever, I got you. I’m desperate…”

Shut up, she mentally hissed at her faceless, flesh-and-blood wrap. And not because he’d just offered to buy her real estate. No, it was because he’d offered to buy her real estate in that voice. That dark, husky growl deserved an aisle in the back room of a sex shop devoted to it. Right next to the nipple vibrators and clamps.

“You know, this smacks of sexual harassment. #MeToo. Ever heard of it?” she asked, injecting a firmness in her tone that was lacking from her resolve not to notice how good. He. Felt.

“Believe me, I’m down with the #MeToo movement. I completely love and respect women. But my virginity is being threatened. Help.”

“Uh…” What the fuck did she say to that? She weakly plucked at a thick wrist. Which was a colossal mistake. Because then she couldn’t help but notice the size of said wrist. Her shock thawed, curiosity creeping in. Jesus. Would her fingers be able to fit around it? As if her hand had seceded from her brain, she could only watch as said fingers sought an answer to the question, circling one of the wrists across her waist. A gap separated the tip of her middle finger and her thumb. Damn. He must be a freaking giant. As if that one thought unlocked a door, a deluge of impressions—of sensations—flooded her.

He surrounded her.

Those heavily tattooed and muscled arms. The wide chest that completely covered her back and shoulders. The thighs that bracketed her legs.

She closed her eyes. Another mistake. His scent—wild like a rain-burdened wind before a storm, and earthy like sunbaked, freshly turned soil—enveloped her in a sensory embrace. The feel of his hard, big body against her smaller, softer frame became even more pronounced, and an image of him holding her the same way in a bed instead of in the middle of a convention center lobby flirted in her head before she could evict it.

Him behind her, his arms still holding her close, thighs spreading her legs wide, hot damp skin branding hers, a cock worthy of the size of those wrists penetrating her, stretching her, setting her on fire…

She shuddered. Had it been so long since she’d been touched that even a stranger whose face she hadn’t even seen could elicit such a strong, visceral reaction? Yep. The answer echoed in her mind as this man nuzzled a spot directly beneath her ear. A spot, coincidentally, directly connected to her nipples. The long-neglected tips hardened as if doing their own happy, it’s about damn time dance. It’d taken Matt a year of dating to discover that particular erogenous zone and this stranger, oh, five-point-two seconds to locate it. Another shiver rippled through her as soft but coarse hair grazed her jaw.

A beard—whoever he was that had her body zooming into hyperdrive sported a beard. She preferred clean-shaven men, not even a five o’clock shadow…didn’t she?

Yes, she firmly—desperately—reminded herself. And no way in hell was she imagining how that hair would feel brushing her inner thighs or her feminine flesh as he lapped at her clit… Aforementioned thighs trembled as heat rolled through her in a long, sinuous wave.

Good God. She was losing her mind along with her control. Scrambling for a tenuous foothold in common sense, she plucked at his wrist again.

“Please. Did I mention I’m desperate?”

“I—” She cleared her throat. Tried again. “Um, fine. But what do—”

He abruptly released her, only to grip her shoulders and turn her around. She just caught a flash of dark eyes with the thickest lashes before a firm, wide mouth settled over hers.

Covered hers.

Sank into hers.

Whoa.

Firm? Had she thought firm? No, his lips—his incredibly mobile, talented lips—were soft, sensual. A man with the voice of a grizzly had no business possessing such a lush mouth, capable of delivering the gentle brushes he currently swept over hers. Bristly hair caressed her chin. Strong teeth nipped at the center of her bottom lip seconds before he soothed the tiny sting with a tender lick and slipped inside her.

A moan escaped her. Shivers overtook her, centering in her chest, belly, and knees. Desperate for purchase in this sudden, confusing landscape of shock and lust, she curled her fingers into his T-shirt, her knuckles bumping a rock-solid wall—or his chest. A big hand cradled the back of her head, another cupping her hip, holding her still. And close. So damn close. For an insane moment, a sense of safety swamped her. In that crazy instant, she believed that anything or anyone gunning for her would have to get past the giant plastered to the front of her body. And even more nuts? She suspected he would mow down anyone who tried.

Safety. Protection.

Just ludicrous.

Especially since his stroking, sucking tongue was the most threatening clear-and-present danger to her sanity, her body, her control.

Yet, she didn’t pull away. Instead, she stood there, allowing her mouth to be fucked. She leaned her head into his palm, opened her mouth wider to the increasingly more demanding thrusts and pulls of his mouth. Enjoyed the harder grip of his fingers on her hip. Savored the darker rumble of his groan. It vibrated against her, setting her nipples into peaks so tight, so tender, she barely stopped herself from rubbing against him like a cat in heat.

“Ronin?” an angry falsetto demanded, penetrating the erotic, midnight haze that had wrapped around her. “Are you serious?

The mouth that had become the center of her universe for the last few moments lifted, abandoning hers. She immediately turned so he couldn’t glimpse the shock, and God yes, lust that probably suffused her face. Lifting trembling fingers to her swollen, sensitive lips, she dipped her head because, yeah, maybe she didn’t want to see his face either. Didn’t want to see that maybe the kiss that had rocked her world had left him completely unmoved.

The huge body that had been pressed against hers shifted, aligning against her side. A heavy arm slid over her shoulders, anchoring her to that frame. Good thing. Her knees still hadn’t recuperated from their Jell-O-like state.

She blinked, steadying herself just as a pair of fire-engine red stilettos and endless, slim legs appeared in her line of vision. They were connected to a gorgeous, furious-looking brunette in a halter-style dress with a knee-length, flared skirt. Behind Kim, the handsy, I-kiss-total-strangers giant, who she assumed was Ronin, didn’t drop his embrace, and she couldn’t miss the fine tension that invaded his body. Especially since he was wrapped around her like an anaconda.

“Hey, Marissa.” He greeted the other woman, the amused and relaxed drawl belying the tautness in his giant frame. “I didn’t know you were attending the expo. What a coincidence. Right, sweetheart?”

Kim blinked again. What reality show hell had she just been dumped into the middle of?

“Sweetheart?” he repeated, giving Kim a not-so-gentle squeeze.

“Right. Coincidence,” she blurted, forcing her lips into a smile that felt as fake as the Gucci wallet the street vendor outside had tried to sell her. “I’m Kim. Nice to meet you.”

Marissa glared at Kim’s extended hand as if it were infected with scabies. All righty then. She lowered her arm.

“I thought you didn’t do girlfriends,” the other woman sneered, scanning Kim from head to toe. One corner of her mouth curled into a derisive smirk. “Isn’t she a little…bland for your tastes?”

Bland? Okay, that was uncalled for. So all her lady bits were covered in a perfectly respectable suit jacket and skirt. That didn’t make her boring; it made her professional. Bitch.

“Maybe he just needed something a little”—Kim paused and pursed her lips, tapping them with a fingertip—“different for him to change his mind,” she finished, pouring so much sugar in her tone that diabetic shock was a real possibility. She shrugged, not an easy feat under the weight of that heavy, tatted arm, and turned in his embrace, dismissing the brunette. “Sweetie, we should really get back inside. The fashion show is starting, and you know I wanted…your…opinion… … Oh, fuck.”

A dark, piratical eyebrow arched high at her hoarse curse, and scalding heat poured into her face. But shock had kidnapped her voice once more, and she couldn’t apologize. Because damn.

Ronin was gorgeous.

Like stunning, swashbuckling, shiver-me-timbers gorgeous. Or gleaming bare chest, loincloth, dancing around a roaring fire gorgeous. Black eyebrows with a wicked arch slashed over equally dark eyes that flashed with humor. Strong cheekbones and an elegant blade of a nose that any model would’ve put out a hit for almost drew attention from a sensual…generous mouth that she intimately knew could deliver on every erotic promise it hinted at. The full, but trimmed, beard completely covered his jaw and framed those lips, making them appear lush, more carnal.

And his body. As her very British mother would say, “Oh my giddy aunt.” She’d felt it pressed up against hers. Surmised from how he damn near surrounded her that he was a big guy. Hell, his hand had nearly spanned her head when he’d cradled it. But she hadn’t been prepared for…this. Her ex had been a large man at six-feet-two, but Ronin… He towered even taller, his shoulders wide and straight. The navy-blue Pac-Man T-shirt covering his chest—that rock-solid wall her knuckles had brushed against when she’d been fisting his shirt—and upper arms couldn’t hide the tight muscles that had her fingers itching to pinch and stroke. Lean hips and powerful thighs completed the package of a man who looked as if he felled trees for a living. Single-handed. The vintage shirt and even older-appearing, faded jeans only added to his almost overpowering masculinity.

He wasn’t pretty; he was too powerful, too virile, too raw, too…just too to ever be labeled that. Even the black hair tucked into a loose bun at the nape of his neck couldn’t detract from her impression of him as a fierce warrior. She’d bet her last Michael Kors purse that at least one of his parents or grandparents could boast of a proud Samoan or Polynesian heritage. With his beautiful golden skin and the big body that towered above her?

Oh yeah, last purse and shoes.

“Overly anxious, isn’t she?” The brunette snickered. “I don’t mind sharing you, Ronin. I think it would be kinda…hot,” she purred.

Oh, for the love of… “Can we go? It’s a little crowded out here,” Kim gritted out.

“Of course,” he murmured, finally removing his arm from around her. And no, damn it, that wasn’t a tiny shaft of disappointment sliding through her. “Nice seeing you again, Marissa,” he said to the other woman then, placing a wide palm to the small of Kim’s back, guided her toward the doors leading toward the convention hall. He grabbed the steel bar, glancing back over his shoulder before releasing it. Relief passed over his features. Turning to face her, he heaved a sigh.

“Thank you for that.” He flashed a sheepish, perfect grin. Of course it’s perfect. Why wouldn’t it be? “And I’m sorry for placing you in that position. But I’m not going to lie. I was scared.”

I will not be charmed. I will not be charmed.

“Just be glad I don’t charge for my services by the hour.” She heard the words as soon as she uttered them. And groaned. Damn. “I didn’t mean—”

His bark of laughter cut her off, and hell, even that was sexy. The low timbre of it slid its way down her spine, culminating in a sizzling tingle in her lower back where his hand had touched her. “Sweetheart, for you, I’d pay by the minute. I have the feeling you’d be worth it. Kim.” He stated her name slowly, as if sipping it like a fine wine, savoring it.

Unnerved by the image, and the coiling in her stomach, she snorted. “I’m sure that was a compliment in a Pretty Woman sort of way. Is that the line you used to land Marissa back there?”

“Of course it was a compliment. But to be fair, you introduced hourly rates into the conversation. And since you asked, it was my”—he leaned closer, as if about to impart a deep, dark secret—“wit that landed Marissa.”

She arched an eyebrow. “It’s been a while, but is that what they’re calling dicks these days?”

Another loud burst of laughter escaped him, turning heads in their direction, and she cringed. What was wrong with her mouth? She didn’t banter with strange men—hell, men period. After being with Matt so long, she’d forgotten the art of flirting. And since finding out what a cheating douche the man she’d been married to was, she hadn’t had the desire to flirt, date, or have sex. To say she was rusty in all areas man-related would be like saying the Grand Canyon was a really big pothole.

She should go, return to her booth. Walk away and forget all about this incident and the man who’d incited it…

“Can I ask you a question?” Inside her head, what the hell are you doing? reverberated. “Why don’t you just tell her the truth? If you’re going to such drastic measures to fend her off, you’re clearly not interested. Why not just tell her you don’t want to be bothered and back off?”

“You think I haven’t tried?” He shrugged. “What kind of jerk do you take me for?”

“Umm, one who will plant a kiss on one woman when he doesn’t know her from Tom, Dick, or Harry, just to avoid confrontation with another?”

He gasped. Seriously. Freaking gasped. “I would never kiss Dick. He’s married, and I’m not that kind of person,” he objected, offense coloring his tone. Part of her was surprised he didn’t press a hand to his chest, clutching non-existent pearls.

“Really?” she drawled, holding back a snort. Barely. Who the hell was this guy? “Are you serious right now?”

“Hell, yeah. I respect the institution of marriage,” he added, one of his piratical eyebrows arching, and that already deep, somehow melodic voice lowering. “And if I were less than the gentleman my mother raised me to be, I would gladly point out that your tongue wasn’t exactly trying to evict me from your mouth. It was too busy tangling with mine. And you were definitely”—he paused, his dark gaze dropping to her suddenly sensitive lips—“tangling.”

She cleared her throat and tried to ignore the twist and grind of lust in her stomach. What the hell? Men who had hair longer than hers, who didn’t shave, and whose fashion sense included T-shirts bearing 80s video game icons weren’t even remotely her type. She favored urbane, well-groomed, clean-shaven men. Men who looked like they stepped out of the boardroom, not the bedroom. As in, just rolled out of that bed. And yet… It didn’t take much effort to still feel that mobile, giving mouth on hers. Didn’t stretch her imagination in the least to once more hear that low, hungry growl. Would only require a sweep of her tongue over her bottom lip to savor the lingering taste of his kiss…

“So glad you’re too much of a gentleman to mention it, then,” she said, aiming for wry, but the breathlessness in her voice torpedoed the hell out of her best intentions. “Still, if you’re going to indulge in booty calls, you might want to prepare a good escape plan afterward.”

God, when had she started sounding so prudish and…bitchy. Uh, right. A year ago. When her husband imploded their marriage with his succession of hookups that, according to him, “meant nothing.” Too bad they’d meant everything to her.

“Does anyone even call it a booty call anymore?” he asked.

She snorted, trying to purge the picture of him and the Marissa woman from her brain. Not that it bothered her. Because it didn’t. Much. “I’ll concede your point. It’s as 80s as that shirt.”

“Now look here, woman.” His brows arrowed into a fierce frown, but the amused gleam in his eyes ruined the pretense of affront. “You can talk about my manners, my kissing technique—which we both know is stellar—or my avoidance of potential ugly-cry skirmishes. But my vintage T-shirts? Off-limits. I have to draw a line somewhere.”

Laughter at his inane argument bubbled up inside her chest. But she tamped it down, the sensation…foreign. Which was just fucking sad. Shaking her head, she crossed her arms. And not against the convention center’s air-conditioned breeze, but in self-preservation against his rough charm. “You should’ve drawn the line at the door…of the store you bought it from.”

His laughter seemed to boom off the walls of the large lobby, drawing curious gazes from the people milling about. Not that he seemed to notice. His grin and the twinkle in those bottomless eyes—whose eyes actually twinkled, other than Santa Claus’s?—were pinned on her. As if no one existed for him but her.

Another strange feeling. It’d been a hell of a long time since she’d been anyone’s sole focus.

She shook her head again, harder this time, as if the sharp motion could dislodge the crazy thought.

“I like you,” he said, the soft rumble in his voice sliding over her. Under her suit jacket and shirt. Over bare skin.

Combatting the disconcerting sensation, she scoffed. “Uh-huh. Like Marissa.”

He frowned, and this time, it was barren of amusement. He studied her, and she fought not to fidget or flinch under the piercing inspection. It was startling for all that playfulness to so suddenly disappear, and it left her momentarily reeling.

“Another thing I don’t do to women—lie. I was upfront with her about what I wanted, about what I could give her. And that didn’t include a relationship. Sex. Hot, good, harmless fucking—that’s what I promised. She turned the tables. She tried to make it into something I never wanted or agreed to. But that’s still no reason to be unkind, to treat her like shit.”

Stunned, she stared at him, rocked by his quiet, dignified statement. In that instant, she became the bitter bitch she’d sworn she wouldn’t allow Matt’s betrayal to transform her into. It was one thing to believe football players were walking dicks just waiting for a willing pussy to stick themselves into. But now, she’d judged a man she didn’t know, a regular man who had been attempting to be chivalrous in his own ass-backward way. Or so it seemed.

He very well could be as upfront with other women as he claimed. Yet, he was still here, at a wedding expo, with a woman hunting him down like he sported ivory tusks. Hell, she didn’t know. It would be refreshing if he was as honest as he claimed. Truth be told, she would’ve appreciated honesty from Matt. At least then she would’ve had the choice whether or not to continue in their sham of a marriage.

She lowered her arms, cocking her head to the side. “A word of advice, though?” At his nod, she dipped her head in the direction of the wide doors that led back to the hall. “You might want to keep the kissing of strangers to a minimum if you’re at a wedding expo. I don’t know if you’re here with someone, but—”

A look of absolute horror crossed his face. It would’ve been comical if not for the real terror in it. “Oh shit! Hana.”

Between one moment and the next, he vanished, having disappeared through the doors in a speed that was surprising for such a big man. Bemused, she stared after him. Or rather the place he’d once stood. Shaking her head, she followed him several minutes later.

God.

Kissed by a complete stranger. Confronted by his pissed-off one-night stand. Chatted up about the aforementioned kiss, Pac-Man T-shirts, and booty-call protocol.

This had to be the weirdest wedding expo ever.





Chapter Two


Gray.

Her eyes were gray.

Years ago, his mother had owned a Lincoln Continental that she babied like one of her kids. She washed, buffed, and waxed it every Saturday afternoon until it shined, appeared soft and slick to the touch.

That’s what Kim’s eyes reminded him of. That molten silver shade with just a hint of lavender underneath to make it interesting. Beautiful. Even with cynicism coloring her gaze, it’d been so fucking beautiful. So striking in a face of elegant, interesting angles with skin that reminded him of the Cypress wood table in his mother’s kitchen. A butter-soft, golden-brown with reddish undertones.

He skimmed the convention hall, locating her and her booth without any effort. Probably because he’d been seeking her out ever since he’d raced back into the expo to find his sister before she hunted him down. Thank God, she’d been so engrossed in the fashion, she’d hardly acknowledged him when he returned to his seat. That’d been the last sigh of relief he’d heaved in the last hour. His mind and ass were so numb from the seemingly endless parade of lace, tulle, and silk that he suspected he might be going into shock.

“What are you looking at?” Hana elbowed him in the ribs, craning her neck and peering in the direction that he’d been staring.

“Nothing.” He pressed a palm to her forehead and gently shoved her back. “Hey, you haven’t checked out any of the hotels. I mean, how can you have a wedding without a venue?”

“True,” she agreed, her eyes narrowed and suspicion all up in her tone.

She might be justified. After all, he’d been disinterested and grumbling all morning and afternoon. Suddenly, he was turning into the fucking wedding planner.

“Good. I know just where we should start.” Grabbing her elbow, he steered her toward the other side of the hall. Toward Kim No-last-name-and-nut-busting-kisses.

“Why are you so eager to offer an opinion all of a sudden?” Hana asked, the distrust still heavy in her voice.

“Because I care,” he said, not slowing down his pace. “Now let’s go find you a place where you can shackle yourself to one man for the rest of your life. Or until you shoot him.”

At that moment, Kim glanced up and met his gaze. Though he and Hana were still several feet away, he easily caught the surprise in her expression before she concealed it behind a gracious, though reserved, mask. Proper. Distant. Definitely not the expression of the woman who’d kissed him like she’d invented it. Who’d moaned like she’d tasted something decadent and delicious. And wanted more.

“Oh. Now it’s all becoming clear,” Hana drawled from beside him. She uttered a sound caught between disgust and amusement. “Really, Ronin?”

“Shaddup and get over there,” he muttered.

With a loud, put-out sigh, she allowed him to propel her forward until they stood in front of the booth advertising the Grand and Bishop Enterprises.

“Can I help you?” Another woman approached them, wearing a beaming smile and stretching out a hand to greet them. “My name is Chelsea,” she said to Hana, glancing at him and lingering just a second too long to be polite before returning her attention to his sister. “Are you the bride-to-be?”

“Yes.” Hana shook the woman’s hand then waved to him. “This is my—”

“Brother,” he supplied in a loud voice, making sure it carried. Making sure everyone heard it.

Hana grimaced, shooting him a glare that had daggers attached to it. Thankfully, as the only man in a household of women, he’d developed Teflon skin.

“Yes, this is my loving, big, clumsy dunderhead of a brother,” she purred.

He grinned, taking zero offense at her description. Meh. Nothing he hadn’t heard before or even the worst he’d been called. By his sisters. Extending his hand to Chelsea, he shook hers, ignoring the squeeze she gave his fingers.

“Nice to meet you both.” Chelsea smiled, picking up a pamphlet and offering it to Hana. “When is your wedding date?”

“Next March. St. Patrick’s Day…”

Ronin remained beside his sister for several more moments, half listening as she and the other woman spoke about Hana’s wedding plans and what she was looking for in a possible venue. When Chelsea started going into ballrooms and caterers, he shifted over toward the edge of the booth where Kim stood, her scrutiny focused on her phone.

Bullshit.

He noted the slight stiffening of her shoulders as he approached. The minute tightening of her hold on her cell. Oh yeah. She noticed him just as he did her—if being unable to tear his gaze away from her could be called something so insipid as “noticed.”

Since her head was bent over the device in her hand, he stole those moments to freely study her. That silken, thick fall of hair that he could still feel against his palm. The proud lines and edges of those cheekbones. The sinful, please-get-to-your-knees-and-let-me-in mouth, and the delicate, clenched line of her jaw. The elegant column of her neck. The mouth-watering swell of her breasts. The jut of her hip that screamed attitude. The endless length of legs. Damn, he wanted those dips and curves imprinted on him, preferably with both of them naked and sweaty.

He didn’t get “taken” by women. Wanted them, yes. Even pursued a few? Yep. But this…captivation with Kim—this need to get close to her, be up in her space, have her look at him with those amazing eyes… Yeah, this was new. The closest thing he could compare it to was…

No. The vehement objection bounced off the walls of his skull. This was lust, pure and simple. Nothing more.

“Are you done?” she murmured, never lifting her regard from her phone.

He took his time lifting his gaze from the feminine flare of her hips, up past the thrust of her breasts to the impact of her eyes.

“Truthfully? Hell no,” he replied. “But I figure if I don’t want to get reamed for being a pig, it’s better to lie. So yes, all done.”

From a couple of feet away, a snort echoed. Ronin didn’t bother glancing over at his sister, just smiled. Kim, though, glanced in Hana’s direction but almost immediately returned her attention to Ronin. As if he were the most dangerous person in the convention center, and she couldn’t risk not keeping him in her sights.

If by dangerous she meant ready to slip his hand under the hem of that sexy librarian skirt and discover if her worship-worthy ass really did fit into the palm of his hand as he’d been imagining, then yeah, she was smart to keep her eye on him.

Clearing her throat, she finally lifted her gaze and settled it on him. The beauty and power of it shouldn’t have startled him, but it did. Fascinated, he watched her as she watched him. As a football player, he was used to beautiful women. Had met them, hung around them, fucked them. So she shouldn’t have this…impact on him. But damn if she didn’t. Damn if he couldn’t have spent the next few hours studying every angle, line, and expression of her face, trying to decipher why.

“Chelsea, I’ll be back in a few minutes,” she said, breaking their visual showdown to address her coworker. Then she switched her gaze back to him. “Can I speak to you privately for a moment, please?” The tone was pleasant enough, but it didn’t fool him in the least. It wasn’t a request. More of a, “Git your ass over here. Now.”

Damn. He liked it.

“Sure.” The other woman glanced between Kim and him, her curiosity evident.

But Kim didn’t acknowledge it, instead heading toward the rear of the booth and disappearing behind a long, black curtain that comprised the back wall of the structure.

Ronin strode around the side, thankful the hotel’s booth was the last vendor in the long row. In seconds, he spotted Kim, who headed toward a door along the wall. She pushed it open, letting it close behind her.

Grasping the cool knob, he twisted and carefully edged the door open in case she stood near. He stepped into a long, empty hallway that seemed to lead to the bowels of the building. Well, empty except for Kim, who stood several feet away, arms crossed, silently taking stock of him.

Her contemplation reminded him of a buyer sizing up a horse. Or maybe a psychologist considering a patient for signs of mental illness.

Neither should’ve had him hard and damn near vibrating with the need to grab her. Neither should’ve had him so fucking hot he curled his fingers into his palms so he wouldn’t fist his throbbing cock through his jeans.

If she studied him like an animal, maybe it was because, with one hooded, unflinching stare, she’d turned him into one.

Damn. He wanted her. Yet, all the desire in the world couldn’t make him force his attention on a woman. He had sisters, was the son of a single mom. And if not for the flicker of attraction, of arousal in those molten eyes, he would back off her in a second. If not for her gaze lowering to his mouth, chest, and thighs, he would thank her for her help earlier and return to Hana. If not for the slight increase in her breathing, the elevated rise and fall of her chest as he walked through the door and let it close behind him, he would’ve turned right back around and left.

But he caught the signals, recognized them. Needed to follow up on them to determine how far they could go. Even now, though, if she told him to leave her alone, he would.

Please, God, don’t let her say no.

“Though today is an outing for you, it’s a work day for me. And you just embarrassed me in front of my employee,” she said, the admonition tight with irritation.

Employee. Huh. He wasn’t surprised. Not really. Authority and confidence fit her as snugly as her obviously tailored and expensive jacket.

“You mean Chelsea?” He dropped his voice to a whisper. “I think you missed it, but I’m pretty sure she gave you a thumbs-up behind your back.”

Kim inhaled a deep breath, held it—probably counting to ten—and slowly released it. He bit the inside of his cheek, fighting back a grin he doubted she’d appreciate. His mother would’ve accused him of behaving like a twelve-year-old at the moment, and yeah, she’d probably have a point. But damn, poking at Kim was so much…fun. He had the totally unfounded sense that not many people teased her, that she took life too seriously. That she didn’t laugh enough.

And not glimpsing those lovely lips curled in a true smile that was reflected in her lovelier eyes was a crime against nature.

Those eyes narrowed at him, her fingers beginning a quiet drum on her arm. “How would you like it if I turned up on your job uninvited and disrupted your work?”

That question further solidified his suspicion that she didn’t recognize him—Ronin Palamo, wide receiver for the Washington Warriors, him. He didn’t have to analyze the pulse of satisfaction reverberating inside his chest. He’d had women pretend not to be impressed by him, had them play hard to get. In other words, play games. Outside in the lobby, he hadn’t received that vibe from her. Another woman might’ve used that kiss to finagle something out of him—dinner, sex, gifts, money, fifteen minutes of fame. Yeah, it happened. Hell, there was even a YouTube video to prove it.

But, Kim was different.

Reserved. Snarky. Funny.

Lickable.

Yeah, she was lickable. Like ice cream. Cool and delicious, sure to melt the longer he licked and tasted.

To see that reserve dissolve her refined, finely sculpted features into a raw, wild mask of lust was the number one reason his feet remained planted in this hallway.

“Like it?” he mimicked, replying to her question, spreading his arms wide. “Hell, I’d love it. Just for clarification… Are you going to be disrupting me in those heels?”

Her fingers started drumming faster.

Oh yeah. So much fun to tease.

“Do you want me to go?” he asked, humor shelved for the moment, needing to hear her say go or stay. Halt this right now, or follow it to its conclusion.

She frowned, glanced to the side, then back at him.

“I’m really beginning to think you don’t find this in the least bit inappropriate,” she drawled, unlocking her arms and dropping them to her sides. And answering his question with her non-answer.

“Well, that would depend on your definition of inappropriate.” He scratched his beard, playing up the “clueless giant” act as satisfaction winged through him. “Flirting with you? Ill-timed, maybe, but not inappropriate. Now, if I’d leaned over that table, fisted all that gorgeous hair—which by the way, I have no problem at all imagining sliding over my chest—dragged you close, and took your mouth in a repeat of what some idiot might call a kiss, but I call foreplay? That would be inappropriate.” He shifted closer. Close enough that he caught the tell-tale catch of her breath. Noted the parting of her pretty lips. Detected the slightly faster rise and fall of her chest.

“Yes, that would be,” she said, a rasp roughening her voice and igniting a twisting, searing heat inside him.

“And yet, I can’t help but seem to notice that you’re still standing here,” he murmured. Taking a chance, he moved even nearer, until he could inhale the sweet scent of whatever shampoo or lotion she used on her hair or skin. Coconut, maybe. And something lighter, fresh, and delicious.

He waited. Dragged another lungful of her heady fragrance into him. And waited some more. For another admonition about respecting personal space. For a speech on proper etiquette.

But she didn’t utter a word. Didn’t move either. And that, more than anything, clued him in on one clear truth. She might not admit she wanted him, but she did. And she hadn’t told him to leave.

Yet, it wasn’t enough. He still needed to hear her say it. He craved the words.

“Have dinner with me.” It came out a statement, rather than a question, but he didn’t try to fix it up. The desire to peel away her clothes and her reserve layer by layer rode him hard now, neck-and-neck with the need to see her smile.

“Dinner,” she repeated, tilting her head to the side. “Is that a euphemism for sex?”

“Yes.”

She stared at him. Blinked. “Did you just…I can’t believe you just…” she stammered.

Picking up a lock of her sleek, straight hair, he rubbed the thick strands between his thumb and forefinger, tugged on it while closely watching her face. He didn’t miss the small flutter of her lashes or the flash of emotion—something a little dark and a lot greedy—in her eyes.

He slowly nodded, brushing the ends of the hair he still held over his bottom lip. “I did.”

Her sharp inhalation echoed in the air between them. He’d shocked her with his blunt honesty. That couldn’t be helped. He’d been raised to always make it plain. Less chance of misunderstandings and hurt feelings when you said what you meant and meant what you said. Either one of two things could happen right now. She could slap his hands away and storm out the door. Or she could stay, continue to study him with that mixture of confusion and need shadowing her molten silver gaze, allowing him the opportunity to convince her to give them what they both wanted.

“I just helped you run off a one-night stand, and now you’re propositioning me for another one? Because the last one went so well?” she demanded, her obvious incredulity causing his mouth to quirk at the corner.

“Oh, Kim.” He shook his head, pouring a wealth of disappointment into his accompanying tsk. “Are you always so glass-half-empty? A glass-half-full kind of person would check out that silver lining and see a woman so well-satisfied that she couldn’t help herself from coming back for more.”

“I swear to God you have no filter between your brain and mouth.” She huffed out what could’ve been a chuckle or a dismayed groan. Most likely somewhere in between. He tended to have that effect on people. “You do hear how arrogant and assholish that sounds now that you’ve said it out loud, right?”

“Absolutely.” He nodded, grinned. “But I decided to just go with it. Now, my turn for a question.” He shifted forward even more, until a breath of space separated them, not touching her, because she hadn’t given him permission. And given how hard he was for her, if he did put his hands on her, someone walking through that door might get a serious eyeful. And yeah, he liked to get dirty in the bedroom, but exhibitionism had never been his thing.

Still… He couldn’t prevent the shudder that worked its way through his body. Didn’t even try to pretend that, at this moment, he hadn’t become that man who most women sneered at: the man ruled by his dick.

“What?” she asked, the same serrated, hungry edge from earlier roughening her voice again.

Lowering his head, he laid his mouth directly over her ear.

“Exactly how long is a while?”

…

Exactly how long is a while?

It took Kim several moments to decipher the question. Especially when his lips brushed the shell of her ear, and that deep rumble of a voice vibrated against her skin, through her body. Over her nipples and between her legs.

Thank God for her jacket, so he wouldn’t be able to feel her beaded tips, which were saluting him like a damn flag.

How in the hell had she gotten herself into this situation? If someone had told her that a regular work day at a wedding expo would end up in an inexplicably hot embrace with a sexy-as-sin Paul Bunyan—well, a sexy-as-sin Samoan or Polynesian Paul Bunyan—she would’ve asked them for a hit of whatever shit they had to be smoking.

He lifted his head, and she met his dark eyes. Her breath snagged in her throat.

God, that gaze. It stirred an almost painful, sweet ache deep inside her. An ache she’d started to believe was on permanent hiatus.

“Kim?” he murmured, doing that growly thing that had a ten-alarm fire licking through her. “A while?” he persisted.

Right. Closing her eyes, she shut him out so she could concentrate on something other than his overwhelming maleness.

He was referring to their earlier conversation in the lobby when she’d been commenting on the “wit” that had attracted Marissa-Clinger-Extraordinaire to him. And when she’d inadvertently let it slip that it’d been some time since she’d had sex.

Jesus. The man should come with a warning label: Causes Severe Case of Anal Agoraphobia. Or in layman’s terms, causes severe case of not being able to get your head out of your ass.

Inhaling a deep breath, she turned her head away from him, suddenly uncomfortable under his scrutiny. Since Matt’s infidelity, sex had been relegated to a murky abyss, all her focus and passion fastened on her career at Bishop Enterprises, and then later, on relocating from Boston to Seattle to head this new project. This unexpected…awakening had her abruptly edgy, caught between wanting to escape and needing to slip closer. To demand he hold her. Touch her. Stroke her. Make her shudder.

Make her come.

God, it’d been so long.

And from one moment to the next, it seemed if she didn’t explode, didn’t have that almost forgotten tightening and quivering deep inside her, she would beg for it. That’s how bad she wanted it. Craved it. And now that hunger had a name.

Ronin.

Maybe something in her expression betrayed her indecision, or the desperate desire twisting her belly. Either way, his lazy smile slowly faded. His gaze became hooded, sharper. Even though he didn’t move, somehow he seemed to crowd closer, his wide chest and shoulders blocking out the hallway, the door back to the hall. Hell, the world. There was nothing but him, that stare, and the ache that swelled to a knee-weakening throb.

“Something you need to say to me, Kim?” he said, his already deep voice lowering to a near growl. She swallowed a humiliatingly greedy whimper. “I’m right here.” He lowered his head until she heard and felt his words. “Tell me.”

Isn’t there a room with a door and lock somewhere around here?

Would you mind if I climbed you like a spider monkey in heat?

I need an orgasm, like five minutes ago.

Answers to his question bombarded her, rushing up her throat and vying for first place on her tongue. This was crazy. She was crazy. And sex deprived. It was the only explanation for why her body was rebelling, and she hovered seconds and a moan away from begging him to back her against the wall, lift her skirt, and give her what those dark, bottomless eyes promised.

“I…” She paused, swallowing to moisten her suddenly dry mouth. “I need to get back to work.” Move, damn it. Move. Her brain delivered the order to her feet, but they had obviously gone deaf and dumb because they didn’t move.

But while her body didn’t obey her command, Ronin did. A heartbeat after she murmured the last word, he moved backward. And for one insane second, she mourned the loss of this sexy Paul Bunyan’s embrace. Regretted the loss of his wild wind and dark earth scent.

Oh, for the love of… The sound of disgust directed at herself bounced on the walls of her head as she forced herself to move toward the door. She didn’t glance at him as she passed by his large frame. One look and all resolve to walk away would fizzle and go flat like the bubbles in the champagne that had been out all day in the expo.

“Wait.” Strong fingers closed around her wrist, but the hold was gentle. As soon as she paused, Ronin freed her and plucked her phone from her hand. Taking advantage of her surprise, he pressed her thumb to the home button, unlocking the screen.

“I think this falls under ‘invasion of privacy,’” she grumbled but let him have it, resenting the spurt of amusement in her chest.

“Yeah.” He chuckled, the sound low and wicked. “That thumb thing drives my sisters crazy, too. Here.”

He offered her the cell and snuck in a soft stroke over her palm. A bolt of lust sizzled over her skin before striking out for all points north and west. A touch to her hand. Seriously? She didn’t know if that made her pathetic or just sex deprived. Probably both.

“I added my name and number in your contacts,” he said, slipping his hands into the front pockets of his jeans, rocking back on the heels of his scuffed boots. “If you change your mind, all you have to do is call. Or text. Or send a GIF. Hell, Morse code. I’ll be there.”

She couldn’t reply. Could only stare.

A corner of his sinfully carnal mouth hiked up, and shifting closer, he brushed the backs of his fingers down her cheek. She could’ve avoided the caress; he’d given her time to move out of the way. But she hadn’t because she wanted it, wanted to feel those big, competent hands on her one more time. She fought not to close her eyes and reveal just how much she liked his touch. That would only encourage him. And weaken her.

So she remained still. Didn’t even move when he backed away and exited through the door.

Only when the lock reengaged did she release the breath that had her lungs screaming for air. And only then did she close her eyes.

It was for the best. Men like him only spelled trouble.

And she’d had her fill of trouble and men in the last year.

Yes. She’d been right to reject his offer of “dinner.”

Now, if she could just get her vagina on board, everything would be fine.





Chapter Three


Kim emerged from the bathroom, a billow of steam trailing her and fogging up the mirror above the counter and sink combo right outside the door. The cool, conditioned air of the hotel suite that had been her home for the last two weeks swept over her damp skin, raising chill bumps across her arms and upper chest. It’d been cold inside the convention center all day, and after the heaven of her hot shower, she couldn’t take one more moment of freezing air.

Securing her towel between her breasts, she exited the bedroom, crossed the living area of the suite to the thermostat, and tapped the arrow until the temperature read a balmy seventy-two degrees. Maybe it was growing up in London and Chicago that had her constantly craving warmth. Her brother Alex always complained about her apartment feeling like a sauna. She smiled. Then again, it was Alex, so he was eternally grumbling about something.

A spike of melancholy jabbed her in the heart, and she slowly inhaled then exhaled against the wave of homesickness. God, she missed him. Ever since he’d traveled to Chicago when she’d been fifteen, and he sixteen, to find her—his father’s bastard and his half sister—they’d been extremely close. He could’ve easily rejected her and pretended she didn’t exist, as their father had, but he’d claimed her with unconditional love, not caring that a half-black sister raised eyebrows and questions. Not that anyone would dare question the formidable Alexander Bishop, CEO of the internationally renowned Bishop Enterprises. Not even their father, who resented his illegitimate offspring working for the family business. Malcolm Bishop might not like it, but he didn’t dare confront his son about it.

She chuckled, shaking her head. Her brother could be downright intimidating. But never with her. And never with his wife and baby daughter. They were family, and right now, she wanted nothing more than to curl up on their couch, hold and play with her niece, and laugh with her brother and sister-in-law. It would be so easy to return home, back to the love and warmth that awaited her.

But that love had also been the catalyst for her decision to leave Boston for Seattle.

Sighing, she reentered the bedroom and, dropping the towel, put on a comfortable pair of loose, cotton drawstring pants and a tank top. When she’d been married, Matt had preferred she wear sexy lingerie—silky negligees and teddies. She’d acquiesced because he’d been her husband, and she’d wanted to please him. She hadn’t been naive; as a popular football player, he was constantly surrounded by beautiful women. So she’d jumped through the hoops to keep him happy and satisfied during the limited time they had together through football season. Even though she’d felt silly as hell walking around their condo like Joan Crawford or Bette Davis in floor-length, expensive negligees, she’d done it to remind him of what he’d had at home.

But now, with an ex-husband who hadn’t appreciated her, had cheated on her probably even before the “I do’s,” she wore whatever she wanted, determined to please only herself.

And if her current existence was a little bit…lonely, well, at least she had her dignity to keep her company.

You didn’t have to be alone tonight, a snide voice whispered inside her head.

Giving that voice a mental middle finger, she deliberately shied away from any thoughts of Ronin, the sexy lumberjack. As she’d been doing all afternoon since he’d walked away, his wicked offer ringing in her ears and his stashed number in her phone taunting her.

“Dinner,” she said aloud, the word echoing in the silent suite. “If I’m going to have a pity party, at least I can bring food.”

Flipping on the television to create noise so the rooms didn’t feel quite so empty, she plucked up the hotel menu and skimmed the entrees. She should know the offerings by heart now, since she’d been existing off the hotel food for the last couple of weeks. She’d moved to Seattle without an apartment already rented, so while she looked, the executive suite of the Grand was her temporary home.

An hour and a half later, her Cobb salad eaten and plates set outside her door, she settled back on the couch and stared at a rerun of Law & Order. When her cell phone rang, she lunged for it, so desperate to shatter the loneliness suffocating her she didn’t even glance at the caller ID screen.

“Hello?” she greeted whoever was on the line.

“Kim.” An all-too-familiar and once-loved voice echoed in her ear.

She dropped her head on the back of the couch and pinched the bridge of her nose. A dark, swirling mass of emotion—anger, pain, disgust, grief—coalesced in her chest, setting her pulse to pounding dully.

Fuck. She should’ve checked the caller ID.

“Kim?” her ex-husband repeated. “You still there?”

“Not for long,” she said. The effort to keep her voice calm and even knotted her stomach. Damn, if she let him know how he still affected her, he would only take it as encouragement. As hope that if she still felt anything for him, even hurt, she must still care. He’d had the balls to say that to her across the conference table at her attorney’s office as they signed the divorce papers. What utter bullshit.

Dog crap on a sidewalk disgusted her. Didn’t mean she secretly wanted to cozy up next to it.

“Wait,” he protested, as if he could sense her intention to end the call. “Please, babe, don’t hang up. Just give me a minute.”

Babe. She’d once found the endearment sweet, and it’d made her feel special. Now it just made her want to hurl. And punch him in the nuts. Not in that order.

“Thirty seconds. And you better make it fast, because the clock started ticking ten seconds ago,” she informed him.

“Damn it, Kim,” he snapped, and she could easily imagine him rubbing a wide hand over his clean-shaven head. “Babe, I’ve been trying to call and text you. I…” He paused, exhaled. “I just want to talk. I miss you,” he murmured.

Nausea squirmed in her stomach, and she pressed a fist to it. “We have nothing to talk about,” she ground out. “I told you that in the attorney’s office, in my last text, and in the last call. It’s been over a year since the divorce, Matt. Move on. I have.”

She had…kind of. She no longer wanted him—the thought of him touching her after having fucked all those other women had bile racing up the back of her throat. But had her life truly moved forward from that dark abyss he’d left her in? Yes, in that she didn’t shut herself away from the world any longer. But no, as well. Because the idea of entering another relationship, of trusting another man not to break her heart and leave her a shattered shell of a woman she didn’t recognize, had her retreating from the emotional ledge, unwilling to risk suffering that kind of agony again.

So, yes, she’d survived his betrayal, but he’d scarred her. And some scars didn’t fade with the passing of time. They served as stark reminders of the shit you’d suffered, fought, and barely managed to crawl free from. They functioned as ugly souvenirs, so you’d never forget and enter into that madness again.

“How?” he insisted. “We were together for five years. You just don’t move on that quickly. I know you’re still angry, and you have a right to be—”

“That’s where you’re wrong,” she interrupted him. “I’m not angry. I’m not pissed. I’m nothing.”

“I don’t believe you,” he said softly. “I don’t believe you feel nothing for me.”

“That’s your problem, not mine,” she stated, voice flat. “Now that’s twenty more seconds than I intended to spend on this conversation. Goodbye, Matt. Don’t call back.”

“I’m not giving up on us, Kim…”

She didn’t hear the rest of his sentence. Pressing the end call button, she dropped the phone on the couch and jumped to her feet. Anger and frustration crawled through her, and she paced from the living area to the wet bar across the room. Grabbing a bottle of wine, she uncorked it and poured the golden alcohol into a glass.

She’d lied; she was still angry, still pissed.

At him for destroying the vision and hope of the future they could’ve had together. In all her daydreams, she’d never planned to be divorced and alone at thirty.

At herself for allowing him and the dissolution of their marriage to keep her from living. For the last year and a half, she’d been merely existing.

An image of Ronin assembled inside her head like a jigsaw puzzle. First, those dark, densely lashed eyes. Then the prominent cheekbones, followed by the wide, erotic mouth framed by a thick, black beard.

She shivered.

This time, she didn’t prevent thoughts of him from rolling through her mind. Didn’t deliver a mental slap down to her body when it tightened and ached dully at the memory of his wild and sensual scent. Of the strength in his thickly muscled arms. Of the solid press of his rock-hard body against hers.

Of the hot, dirty, and dominant command in his kiss.

When she’d rejected his offer for “dinner,” it’d been a reflex. Kim Matlock, sister to Alexander Bishop, Vice-President of Public Relations at Bishop Enterprises, didn’t have sex with someone she barely knew. Kim Matlock was better than that.

Aaaaand now she was thinking about herself in the third person. God, she was losing it.

Sighing, she downed more of the wine. Her confidence had taken a direct hit—like a Pearl Harbor hit—with Matt’s betrayal. She’d questioned everything about herself: her femininity, her beauty, her appeal, her desirability. Common sense—and hours of Dr. Phil—had assured her that Matt’s cheating had been about him, not her. Yet, her emotions, her heart had accepted the blame, had pointed out how she’d probably hadn’t dressed up enough, hadn’t put him first, had been boring in bed.

In the last year, she’d battled those insecurities, had even conquered some ground. But Ronin’s proposition of dinner-that’s-really-sex had brought them charging to the forefront. Ronin, with his utter maleness, virility, and I-don’t-give-a-fuck demeanor, had both drawn and intimidated her. But she wasn’t that moth that had to dance close to the lamp and learn, after having her ass fried six ways to Sunday, that it had been a bad idea.

But that had been before she’d returned to this lonely, cold, and silent suite.

Before Matt had called, reminding her of the woman she’d become…and the one she desired to be. Even if only for one night.

In the year since their divorce, her body had gone into hibernation, but Ronin had jerked it rudely awake today. Had reminded her of how she enjoyed sex—the closeness, the intimacy, the foreplay, the build-up. That moment when a man pushed inside, filling her. The bliss of release.

Damn, did she miss it.

But until he’d slid his tongue inside her mouth, she hadn’t realized how much she craved it.

She might not have the intimacy or the cuddling, but she could have the pleasure. Yes, if she were brave enough, she could have it. Have him.

But only if she had the nerve to take it.

Take Ronin.

Setting her empty glass on the bar, she turned and pinned her gaze on the couch—and the phone that she’d dropped on the cushion. Can I? This is… She reached for the bottle again, but at the last second stopped herself. Stop stalling. Just do it, damn it. You know you want to. With the firm put-up-or-shut-up echoing in her head, she strode across the room to the sofa.

Snatching up the cell, she opened her contacts and skimmed down the list. And there it was. The third and final entry under the Rs. Ronin. That’s all he’d entered. No last name. Fine with her. Kind of appropriate, actually. What she wanted from him didn’t require last names or even conversation. Tapping his info, she brought up a new message.

Kim: I’ve changed my mind.

Panic tinged with hysteria welled inside her the moment after she hit send. Oh fuck. What had she done? Pressing a hand to her belly, she tossed the phone back on the cushion as if it’d suddenly broke out in warts. Okay, calm down. It was done now. And he probably wouldn’t see the text for a while. It was Saturday night, and most people had plans, things to do, people to see…

Well, good God. She was now babbling to herself. She snorted, disgusted. Still, it would most likely be a while before he answered…

Her phone dinged, signaling a new text.

In disbelief, she scooped the phone up. Peeked at the screen.

Ronin: Where are you?

Ohhh shit. A shaky breath shuddered out from between her parted lips. That had been fast. Almost as if he’d been waiting for her reply. As soon as the thought flitted across her mind, she dislodged it with a mental shake of her head. That was ridiculous. But still… Was she really doing this? She swallowed past her heart, which had lodged itself in her throat. Fingers trembling, she tapped out a response before her mind could catch up and put a halt to this madness.

Kim: The Grand. Executive suite.

Three bubbles appeared for several seconds.

Ronin: Be there in twenty.

That was it. She stared at those four words for several long moments, captivated by them. Ensnared by them.

Be there in twenty.

The message seemed to leap off the screen, this time more a warning than a promise.

Her fingers tightened around the phone. Heat shimmered between her legs, and her so-damn-empty flesh clenched. She didn’t try to pretend she didn’t know why Ronin was coming to her.

Excitement jet-propelled by nerves flooded her veins and sent her flying across the suite toward the bedroom. She hurried over to the lighted vanity counter and stared at her reflection. With her hair pulled up in a sloppy top knot, her face scrubbed free of makeup, and her body clothed in the latest I’m-pathetic-and-have-no-plans-for-a-Saturday-night wear, she wasn’t exactly prepared for seduction.

But on closer inspection, she couldn’t help but notice the flush of color painting her cheeks, or the gleam of anticipation in her eyes. She looked…alive. For the first time in almost a year and a half, something other than nothing filled her chest. And that something buzzed under her skin and sizzled in her belly like an electrical current. Did it make her pathetic that a one-night stand lit her up like that Space Needle? Probably. Very likely. But at this moment, she couldn’t seem to make herself give a damn.

Turning from the mirror, she scanned the large room. Nope, no clothes, underwear, or random papers from work hanging around. Still, she closed the closet door, swept a hand over the bedcover, smoothing out a couple of wrinkles, and aligned the pillows. C’mon, Kim. Hopefully, he’s going to throw you on the bed not give it the quarter test. She’d always been a neat freak, but since the divorce, the habit had worsened. She didn’t need a psychologist to tell her the total chaos in her personal life had her trying to exert control over what she could—her environment. Hell, she could figure that one out on her own. Didn’t stop her from spot checking the dresser and bedside tables for any dust.

“This is crazy,” she muttered, striding from the bedroom. That had always been one of her problems. Overthinking, overanalyzing things. It’d driven Matt nuts. Everything didn’t have to be planned out or scheduled, he’d often complained…

Aaaand she was so not going to think about her ex-husband right now. Not when another man would arrive any moment to end her sexual fast.

Calm down. Women do this all the time. She inhaled, held the breath for several seconds, and then released it. You just don’t do it all the time…

Ordering that traitorous voice inside her head to shut the fuck up, she altered her course and forged a beeline for the bar again. Just as her fingers closed around the cork of the wine bottle, a knock reverberated on the door.

She froze, a deer suddenly caught in the headlights of a two-ton monster truck with no brakes. Seconds later, another rap echoed in the room, and of their own accord, her feet unglued themselves from the floor and moved forward, carrying her across the room. Only when she opened the door did she realize she still clutched the neck of the wine bottle. Which she was grateful for because the sight of the big man standing in the doorway had her mouth dry and in desperate need of a drink.

At some point, she would need to stop staring at him. Maybe that point would be when he sprouted a hunchback, or a third eye popped out in the middle of his forehead. But until that moment when he transformed into Quasimodo’s cyclops twin, she didn’t hold out much hope.

Good God, he was huge. It’d only been a few hours; how had she forgotten the width of those powerful shoulders that seemed to fill the doorway. Or let it slip from her mind how he towered above her? His large frame nearly blocked out the light from the hallway behind him so he eclipsed all else, filling her vision until he damn near spilled over.

The dark hair that had been bound earlier tumbled around his face and over his shoulders. The thick, wavy strands should’ve somehow dimmed the gut punch of masculinity that seemed to radiate from him. But to the contrary, they enhanced his virility and the sensuality that clothed him as easily and effortlessly as the white T-shirt covering his wide, hard chest and the faded blue jeans hanging on his lean hips and clinging to his strong thighs. The tattoos swirling over his arm seemed starker, more vivid against his golden, taut skin.

She dragged her gaze up his body, taking the scenic route, and finally met his midnight eyes. One of those pirate eyebrows arched, and a corner of his almost-too-full mouth twitched.

Oh yeah. So busted just blatantly ogling him.

Silently calling herself all kinds of a fool, she edged back, her numb fingers slipping free of the knob. The door started to slowly swing closed, but before she could catch it, Ronin shifted forward, entering the suite. Again, that curious paralysis grabbed her, as if all the energy that seemed to swarm around him had sucked away all her ability to move. He eased into the entryway between the door and the living area, his massive frame dwarfing it. Her brain ordered her feet to get going, to do something. But those gleaming, steady eyes on her—the heated intent in them—had transformed her into a mannequin. And his touch would turn her back into soft, pliable, needy flesh and blood.

She dragged a hand over her hair. What a ridiculous, fanciful thought. So unlike her pragmatic, logical self, it worried her for a moment.

“Nice place,” Ronin finally spoke, the deep rumble of his voice stroking her exposed skin. Since his gaze hadn’t budged from her since she’d opened the door, she had the sense that he was attempting to put her at ease. As if that was possible with him standing there like a mountain of sex, pleasure, and all things guaranteed to grant you a one-way ticket to hell.

The gesture melted the ice that had trapped her limbs. “Thanks.” She waved a hand toward the area behind her—the hand still firmly clutching the wine bottle. “Come on in.”

“Is it safe?” He nodded toward the Reisen. “Or can I expect a whack to the back of my head as soon as I turn around? That would be a new way to get me under you.” He wiggled his eyebrows. “Not gonna lie. I’ve never been one for pain with my pleasure, but for you? I could get down with the Red Room shit.”

Any woman worth her ereader would’ve understood his reference to Christian Grey’s room of BDSM fun. That he knew about it, though… She snorted then crossed her arms over her chest, wine bottle tapping her hip. Damn her happy nipples. Just the mention of him—how had he put it?—getting under her, and pleasure, and the rebellious peaks had perked right on up.

“That reminds me.” She set the alcohol on a small table and strode over to her phone, which she’d left on the couch. Scrolling to the camera app, she quickly snapped a picture of Ronin, then pulled up a text addressed to Morgan Bishop and attached his image.

Kim: I’m with him tonight. Name’s Ronin. And for the love of all that’s holy, please don’t show this to your husband.

Her husband being Alex, Kim’s brother. She hit send.

“What was that for?” Ronin asked, that ever-present smile curving his lips.

“Just in case you turn out to be a serial killer with a penchant for dresses made out of skin, I sent your picture to a friend letting her know who I’m with.”

He snickered before removing his cell from his back pocket and, lifting it, took a picture of her. His thumbs flew over the screen, and a second later, he returned the phone to his jeans.

“Good idea. I just sent one of you to my best friend. Y’know, in case I end up on the back of a milk carton.”

A chuckle bubbled up inside her chest. Lord, how did he do it? Make her laugh so easily? This was about sex—hopefully dirty, throat-hoarse-from-screaming, mind-scrambling sex. Not about how he seemed to so effortlessly ease the heaviness that had weighed down her chest for a year and a half.

Her phone dinged, and she glanced down at the screen, still open to her text app.

Morgan: OMG!! Did your milkshake bring THAT to the yard??? Daaaaaaaayaaaamn, Kimmy! Do you have condoms? Crotchless panties? Did you shave your…

A GIF of a fluffy cat turning cartwheels accompanied the message.

Christ, the woman was crazy. And she was only half joking; sometimes she wondered about her sister-in-law’s certifiability. Shaking her head, she tossed the phone back on the sofa and glanced up. And met a rock-hard slab of chest covered in white cotton. All traces of amusement fled, and the excitement edged in nerves rushed back in, filling her like a riotous flood. The doubts and insecurities rode in its undertow, reminding her that she was a novice at this casual sex thing. That he was probably expecting Debbie Does Dallas and would get The Golden Girls.

“What are you doing here?” she blurted. When his shoulders stiffened, she squeezed her eyes shut and pinched the bridge of her nose. She sucked at this. Heaving a breath, she tipped her head back. “What I mean is, what do you want—”

“I know what you mean,” he interrupted, invading her personal space.

She shifted back.

He moved forward.

She shifted again.

He moved again, until their two-step ended with her spine pressed to the wall and he loomed over her, his big palms flattened on either side of her head.

“What I want,” he murmured, that low, melodic-but-rough tone creating a flurry of chaotic sparks inside her, “is to hear that sexy moan again. The one you made while sucking on my tongue like you tasted something real good. I want to strip these adorable pajamas from your cock-tease of a body and find out if this caramel and cream skin is smooth and sweet all over.” He bowed down, nuzzled her jaw, and delivered the tiniest of licks that ricocheted pleasure through her as if he’d tongue-bathed her from ankle to neck. A dark hum that reminded her of a purring lion reverberated in her ear. “I love caramel, by the way.” Another lick, accompanied by the minute sting of his teeth. “I want you to use that beautiful, tight control you got going on to dance and twist on my dick. Then I want to see you lose it, see that control crack right down the middle as you come so hard, I don’t have a choice but to go with you. And after that? I want to do it again and again all night until I limp home in the morning.”

The air that had been trapped in her throat, choked by lust, expelled from her on a long gust of breath. No one, and she did mean no one, had ever spoken to her so graphically. So blunt and…raw. So honest. She wouldn’t have ever labeled herself a fan of dirty talk. But now? Give her a foam finger and flag because she was sold. Dimly, she caught the buzz of her phone on the couch, but she ignored it, all her attention focused on the man turning her inside out with insane lust.

I want to do it again and again all night until I limp home in the morning.

The words sent desire and relief careening through her. That’s what she’d been clumsily attempting to ask him. What did he want out of this thing? Not more than tonight, because she didn’t have it to give. Hell, that she was diving into this…interlude shocked her. She didn’t want more, didn’t want a phone call in the morning to remind her of this diversion into erotic madness. One night to let go, to get down and dirty. To be someone else other than the rejected, buttoned-up, reserved woman she’d become.

“That make you feel better?” he asked, and she stiffened at his uncanny ability to pick thoughts from her head. “Were you worried I’d wake up in the morning, want the key to your house, and start ordering china patterns?” He tilted his head to the side, studying her, and part of her ached to dodge and evade that too-incisive stare. “No worries, hala. I’ll give you whatever you ask for tonight, and what you can’t bring yourself to ask for. Use me in any way you need to erase those shadows in your eyes. If you want forgetfulness tonight, take it from me, and the morning—and the days after that—will take care of themselves.”

Take me. Use me.

She shivered, the seduction and temptation of those four words almost too much to bear. Yet at the same time, she recoiled from his scalpel-like perception. Shadows in her eyes. She wasn’t a pity lay.

“And you’re okay with just offering up your body to be used like some sexual chew toy?” As soon as the hard words exited her mouth, she longed to snatch them back. She hated them, detested the defensiveness that had become her emotional default. That was her MO—if someone got too close, she shoved them away, mistrusting their motives.

Mistrusting herself.

She parted her lips to apologize, to call this whole night off. But before she could voice it, he leaned closer until their noses nearly bumped, until their breath mated. Lust still gleamed in his eyes, but so did the flicker of anger. Both set her on fire.

“What makes you think this is all about you? What if I have a ton of shit raining down in my life, and I showed up on your doorstep needing to not think, to lose myself in your tight body? What if I need you to use me, to give me a hard fuck so my mind is free of everything but how damn good it feels? You consider that?”

Shame weaved a path through her, as did the sudden, burning desire to give him that hard fuck he’d come for. She didn’t need to know the details of the “shit raining down in his life,” just as he didn’t have to know hers. But that didn’t erase the longing to supply them both with a few hours of oblivion.

“No,” she admitted softly. “I didn’t consider that.”

He nodded, the wisps of irritation fading from his gaze. “Now what do you want, hala?”

That was the second time he’d called her that name—hala. Curiosity to know what language it derived from as well as the meaning of it tugged at her. But not as much as the need to answer his question.

What did she want? Hot, filthy sex. Pleasure. Forgetfulness. To feel desired again.

To feel.

“You,” she whispered.

After a long moment where he contemplated her like a puzzle he’d figured out, he straightened to his full height. His arms still bracketed her head, but he towered above her.

A slight smile flirted with his mouth, possessing an edge that had the core of her clenching. “Then c’mere and get me,” he said, that same edge sharpening his tone…his command.

A second of indecision, of self-doubt, fluttered in her chest, but she squelched it almost as soon as it appeared. Pushing away from the wall, she took the two small steps that separated their bodies. She recognized his tactics; he was putting the decision—the power—in her hands. For a woman who’d felt powerless for so long, his offer was…intoxicating.

She flattened her palms on the wide expanse of his chest, and his muscles twitched under her skin, but that was the only response he betrayed. He continued to study her, his head not lowering to accommodate her. Not even when she slid her hands up his pecs and over his shoulders with an unbidden hum of appreciation. He intended to make her work for it.

Fine by her.

Stepping onto the tops of his scuffed boots, she locked her fingers behind his neck and applied pressure, ordering him without words to give her his mouth.

With a slow curve of his lips, he obeyed. Almost. He lowered his head the smallest degree. But enough for her to lift onto the balls of her feet and cover the distance. Enough for her to take. And did she.

Like his kiss in the convention center earlier that day, she didn’t ease into it. Didn’t gently explore or brush her lips over his in a tender question. No, she dove into him. Plundered that generous, carnal mouth like it held the richest treasure. And it did. The earthiness of his taste. The tickle of his beard. The erotic, wet tangle of his tongue. The harsh hunger of his groan. She stole them all, claiming each as her due.

On the tail end of a growl, he leaned into her, one hand falling to her ass and cupping a cheek through her thin pajama bottoms. Holding her close as he pressed harder into the kiss, flipping the tables and consuming her. Her mind whirled as a shudder worked its way through her body. A lightning bolt of pure lust struck her, and she twisted her fingers in his thick hair, the strands like rough silk caressing her palms and the backs of her hands. Another sensation to add to the ever-growing pile of sensory delights. She clung to him, arching into his big frame, rubbing against him like a cat in heat, whimpering into his mouth.

God, the things he did with that mouth. She wanted to find out what else he could do. Desperately. But first, more than her next kiss-infused breath, she wanted to get an eyeful of the huge body that had tempted and teased her from the first.

Unwrapping herself from around him, she shifted back and gave his chest a series of small nudges and pushes until they’d switched places, and he stood with his back pressed against the wall. He didn’t protest or try to reverse their position. Instead, he settled his hands on her hips, long fingers loosely spanning her waist, and waited.

God, where to start? He was a buffet of maleness stretched out before her, and she didn’t know where to begin. The anxiety returned full force as she gripped the bottom of his T-shirt. A part of her wanted to gorge herself—to feast and feast and not stop until she had that over-full sensation and couldn’t move. But a more cautious side had her hold on the white cotton tightening. Hesitating. Asking nagging questions that sent shards of doubt zig-zagging through her confidence.

“Don’t get shy on me now, hala.” A playful smile flirted with his lips, and even through the uncertainty, she had the urge to return it. His fingers squeezed her. “Go on and get yourself a peek. Not to brag, but I have the body of a Kryptonian god.”

She snorted but, unable to resist his humor or his invitation, inched his shirt up his ripped ladder of abs, his tightly toned chest, revealing the flat, dark brown discs of his nipples. Her lungs seized for a moment, desire so hard, so ravenous inside her, she froze. He was…gorgeous. Primal. An animal of such strength and beauty. He’d called himself a god, and though he joked, he wasn’t far off. He deserved to be admired. Worshiped.

“Here you go.” He took the shirt out of her grasp and, reaching behind him, grabbed a fistful of material and jerked the T-shirt off. Grasping her wrists in a gentle hold, he placed her hands on him. “What I tell you?” he teased again, flexing his pecs under her palms. “Kneel before Zod, woman.”

Kneel. Dark, erotic images flashed in front of her eyes. Of her slowly sinking to the floor before him. Of unbuttoning his jeans and reaching inside to cup firm, hot, throbbing flesh. Of her tongue licking a path up the thick column of his cock. A pang of pure hunger curled in her belly, twisted its way down to pulse between her legs.

She wanted that. Bad.

Need spurred her on. She stroked her hands over his chest, savoring the taut flesh and the zero give. More tattoos covered his body. A palette of black geometrical patterns painted his right shoulder, upper arm, and right pec—triangles, stark obsidian bands, circles, and stylized images of waves and a turtle that inked the skin over his heart. Gorgeous. With no sign of the indecision that had inhibited her seconds earlier, she swapped her fingers with her mouth, gliding her lips over ink, skin, and muscle.

A low rumble vibrated against her as she raked her teeth over his nipple, pausing to lick and suck on the small but hard peak. One of those big hands slid up her spine, along the nape of her neck, and tunneled into her hair. Blunt fingertips pressed against her scalp, holding her to him. Encouraging her to keep tasting him. And when she gently bit the hard tip, that rumble transformed into a growl that caressed her own nipples. Unable to resist, she rubbed her chest against him, attempting to assuage the ache. But it had just the opposite effect. Heat sizzled through her, a wild current of electricity that ratcheted the greed inside her from hunger to “satisfy me now.”

With one last lick to his taut flesh, she trailed a slow, wet path down the shallow furrow that bisected his pecs and abs. She lingered over his stomach, granting each rung of etched muscle the attention and devotion it deserved. Her fingers followed suit, tracing each indentation. But in seconds, she dipped lower, bending her knees to trace the silken, single line of dark hair that mapped a route to the frayed band of his jeans. With an impatience that hummed inside her like a tuning fork, she pinched the button, pushing the metal through the hole, and licking the small patch of skin she revealed.

“Fuck.” The curse exploded from him, and both of his hands jammed into her hair, cradling her head and tipping it back. His grip halted her downward progress. He searched her face, a frown creasing his brow. “I was only kidding about the kneeling part. You don’t have to—”

“I know I don’t have to,” she murmured, tugging down his zipper and spreading the denim flaps apart. “I want to.”

Her knees hit the floor, and she jerked on his jeans, yanking them down several inches until the denim hung on his hips. Another curse seared the air above her. She swept a kiss over the slightly paler skin above the black band of his boxer briefs, and his stomach went concave. Pinpricks of delicious sensation that danced on the edge between pain and pleasure sprinkled across her scalp as his fingers further twisted in her hair. His scent—that rain and earth musk—snagged her, and with a moan, she buried her nose in the cotton-covered V where hip melded into thigh.

Anticipation rode her, hard. She briefly considered dragging out the teasing, but she couldn’t wait any longer. She wanted, craved, to finally be holding his cock, squeezing it. Tasting it. Damn, did she want a taste.

Some women abhorred oral sex; she wasn’t one of them. She loved the stretch of a man in her mouth, so similar to when he pushed inside her body. Loved taking him into her, filling her. Yes, she enjoyed the intimacy of it, the naughtiness of it…the power and control of it. She’d missed it along with sex. Missed this vulnerability, this give and take. This erotic thrill.

To have this connection once again with Ronin had her trembling even as she slipped inside his underwear and fisted his rock-hard, hot flesh.

The rush of air bursting from her lungs blended with his rough, jagged groan. His hips punched forward, thrusting his dick into her grip. Desperate to see what she’d been fantasizing about since he’d pressed it against her at the convention center, she withdrew his erection.

Oh. He was beautiful.

Odd to think of a cock as beautiful, but with this man? Maybe not so strange. Everything about him seemed carved out of sheer perfection. Including the big, smooth, flared tip that glistened with the barest glint of pre-cum, and the thick, long column that pounded with life in her hand. Even the veins that branched out along the silk-over-steel length seemed to entice her, issued an invitation to trace and explore.

And like the rest of him, he was big.

Her core clenched, fluttered, whether in hungry eagerness or anxiety—maybe both.

She pumped her fist down to the wide base, the coarse, springy hair surrounding it grazing the side of her palm. Stroking back up, she tightened her hold, twisting her grip over the head. Another one of those harsh sounds of pleasure was her reward. By the end of the night, she wanted to collect them like blue ribbons.

Leaning forward, she surrendered to every dirty image in her head and dragged her tongue from base to tip, pausing at the little dip just under the hood to prod and lick. Then she repeated the caress again. Once more. And then again. For a moment, she got caught up, lost in the flavor of him, the strength of him.

“Don’t tease, hala,” he warned, and the dark edge of it sent shivers tripping head over tail down her spine. “You got me all worked up; now do something about it.”

Acquiescing, because she wanted it as bad as he apparently did, she parted her lips and took him. Deep. To the back of her throat. She swallowed.

“Fuck,” he snapped, his hands dropping to her jaw, cradling it, the gentle touch belying the fierceness in his lust-battered voice. “Goddamn.”

The curses tumbling from him stroked her flesh, enflaming her. Knowing she’d reduced him to the crude, brutal words empowered her. Drawing back, she slid her tongue along the underside of his cock, circling the fleshy head and sucking it like the tip was the most delicious lollipop ever created. Slowly, she sank down on him again, not stopping until his flesh nudged the opening to her throat again. What she couldn’t fit into her mouth, she stroked, her fist bumping her lips. She held him there, before pulling back, continuing to stroke him, unable to satisfy her hunger for his particular flavor.

“Enough.” The order came seconds before his hands dropped away from her face and tucked under her arms, jerking her to her feet.

“Hey,” she protested past the drumbeat of lust pounding in her sex. “I wasn’t fin—Oof.”

Her stomach connected with hard muscle as he tossed her over his shoulder in a fireman’s carry. Never a fan of heights, she grabbed at his back, trying to find purchase to keep from falling to the floor that suddenly seemed so far away.

“Oh, hala, best believe we’re nowhere near finished.” One of those big hands of his skimmed up the back of her thigh and over her ass, cupping and molding a cheek.

Blood streamed to her face, and not because she hung upside down. The confident, raw, possessive way he touched her… She closed her eyes, fought not to writhe against him so she could add pressure to her pulsing clit. But maybe he possessed mind-reading capabilities because a finger slid between her clenched thighs, sought and easily found the top of her sex over her pajama pants. A blunt fingertip rubbed over where she needed it most, and she cried out, her nails digging into his taut skin.

Seconds later, they entered the darkened bedroom, and she could barely breathe. Not with his knowledgeable, firm touch reducing her to a squirming fish caught on a sensual hook. An effortless shift and sexy-as-hell show of strength, and her spine met the mattress. He hadn’t catapulted her to the bed in a caveman move as she’d expected. Instead, he’d laid her down with a tenderness that had her heart pumping and head swimming, and he immediately followed, his giant body completely covering her. His weight should’ve smothered her, made her feel trapped, claustrophobic. Should’ve. But no, she had no desire to push him off or wiggle out from under him. She wrapped her arms around his neck, threading her fingers through his hair. Circled his waist with her legs, aligning his cock along her sex.

She sucked in a gulp of air, arching tight, her breasts pressing into his chest, her hips punching up to grind against the long, impossibly thick column. Heat sizzled and snapped from her core to all points north, south, east, and west. He’d turned her into a fucking sex compass. With another twist of her hips, she rolled her folds over his jeans-covered cock. Damn. She’d just had him in her mouth, stretching her, filling her, but somehow, he seemed bigger. Probably because her flesh spasmed and quivered with the realization that wide length would be penetrating it soon. Not soon enough.

“Kiss me,” she demanded, not recognizing this woman who delivered commands with sexual authority. A woman who didn’t wait for him to comply but tightened her grip on his hair and tugged him down to give her what she wanted.

He didn’t seem to mind. From the growl that rumbled up his chest and throat, and the hungry way he captured her mouth, he might’ve appreciated it—enjoyed it. He thrust between her lips, sweeping inside and tangling her tongue with his, the erotic duel one that had no losers.

“My turn.” His dark warning liquified her, all her bones melting, and every ounce of warmth converging between her legs. She didn’t need to slip her fingers under her pajama bottoms and underwear to feel how wet she was; she’d been in this state ever since she’d received the “Be there in twenty” text.

Ronin sat up, his tree-trunk thighs braced on either side of hers. His hair, long and tangled, framed his face as he bowed his head, all his concentration fixed on the hands clutching the bottom of her tank top. He inched the shirt up her torso, not pausing until the material bunched above her lace-covered breasts.

“I knew you were perfect,” he said, cradling her flesh for a long moment then lowering his head to suck a nipple through her bra.

She whimpered, clutching his head to her. He worked her with his tongue and teeth, not granting her any mercy. Not that she wanted any. Even though it’d been so long since she’d been touched by a man, and the tumult of sensations bordered on sensory overload, she wanted—needed him—to hold nothing back. This was her night to take and be taken.

Snagging the cup covering her other breast, he tugged it down and switched to the neglected mound. He nuzzled her, lapped and nibbled on her flesh before drawing so hard on her, a corresponding twinge pinged in her sex. With a soft cry, she pushed herself into his mouth, offering everything to him. And he greedily accepted.

“So goddamn beautiful,” he murmured, placing a surprisingly gentle kiss to her beaded nipple before skating his lips down the middle of her body. He hooked his fingers in the waistband of her pants and dragged them and her panties down her legs. In seconds, he had the clothes off, and she lay before him naked except for her bunched-up tank and yanked-down bra.

Maybe she should’ve felt exposed, vulnerable. But not even when he leaned over and switched on the bedside lamp did she have the urge to cover, to hide herself. Not when he stared down at her with a dark hunger that enflamed her like a human torch.

He swept his hands up her calves, over her knees, and cupped the back of her thighs. With a nudge, he parted her legs, pressed them wider apart…and lodged his massive shoulders underneath them, placing his face directly above her sex.

“Oh God,” she moaned, knowing what was coming. Wondering if she would survive it.

“At this point, I should say something pretty, like how lovely and soft you are,” he murmured, trailing a fingertip down her slit, the puff of his breath teasing her clit. She sank her teeth into her bottom lip, trapping the humiliatingly starved cry that would’ve surely escaped. “All true, by the way, but what I’m really thinking is how sweet and wet this pussy looks, and I’m a thirsty man.” He replaced his finger with the tip of his tongue, and she damn near vaulted off the bed. “Oh fuck yeah.”

He gorged on her. There was no other word for it. It wasn’t neat. Wasn’t tender. Wasn’t soft or patient. No, his mouth was everything wild, demanding, and greedy. His hum of pleasure vibrated against her flesh as that wicked, clever tongue swept through her folds, curled around her clit, and sucked with an insistence that had her crawling closer and closer to a fall that would break her into hundreds of pieces. One large arm spanned her waist, holding her down while his free hand pushed on a thigh, completely opening her up to him. He lowered his head, teasing her entrance, dipping inside and leaving her grasping and empty.

“Please,” she panted and begged, clutching his hair, twisting it, aware she might be hurting him with her hard tugging, but unable to help herself. Not when he was the only anchor as she writhed against his mouth, riding it, racing for release. “Please, Ronin, let me…”

“You don’t ever have to beg, hala.” He slicked a path back up through her sex and delivered light, torturous licks to her clit. “Just take it.”

That was his only warning before he thrust a finger inside her, filling her, rubbing against a place she didn’t even always reach with her best vibrator. The breath blasted from her lungs, and she curled in on herself, whether to protect herself from the imminent explosion or to hoard it, she didn’t know. She couldn’t think, could only feel. He’d reduced her to a creature of lust, and as he worked another finger into her, she crumbled beneath the pleasure like dust.

Gasping, she shook, quaked, and he didn’t let up until every last tremor ebbed, leaving her a trembling, decimated mess. Only when she emitted a weak groan and pushed at his head did he grant her mercy. A mercy she’d believed she’d earned and wanted until he pushed off the bed and stripped free of his clothes.

Holy hell.

Renewed desire scorched a path through her, razing every thought but him to the ground. Jesus Christ. Miles and miles of beautiful olive skin stretched over muscles and tendons that could’ve been etched and chiseled with an artist’s hammer and loving eye. She’d already seen and caressed his chest and cock separately, but paired with lean hips and those solid, powerful thighs, he was…perfection. A masterpiece of flesh, ink, and pure, undiluted sex.

Screw mercy. She didn’t want it. She needed him to pound her, break her, shatter her with all the pleasure his body promised, granting her no quarter or reprieve.

With quick, economical movements, he removed a condom from his wallet and ripped the foil packet open with his teeth. That shouldn’t have sent a shiver dancing through her, but damn if it didn’t. Seconds later, he rolled the protection down the thick, ridged column, and climbed back on the bed, stalking her on his hands and knees like some great, hungry beast.

She widened her thighs in response, ready to cradle him between them. But he didn’t blanket her in his heat and weight. In a graceful twist, he fell on his back, his dick an erect, wicked invitation.

“C’mere and get me,” he rumbled, repeating his earlier dare. The corner of his mouth lifted in a teasing half smile, but his eyes remained dark with the same lust that incinerated her.

At first, she didn’t move, frozen by indecision and a sudden blast of insecurity. This had never been her favorite position, as being on display had always made her self-conscious. But that’s what tonight was about, she reminded herself. Doing what she’d been too intimidated to do before. Taking what she desired. That included control. And Ronin.

Before she could talk herself out of it, she straddled his heavy thighs, the width of them causing a stretch between hers. She couldn’t prevent the moan from escaping. One benefit of being perched on top of him was the view.

His hair tangled around his face and tatted shoulders. Sliding her hands up his corrugated abs and strong chest, she hummed, the furnace that seemed to burn beneath his skin warming her palms. She could touch him all night…

“Don’t make me wait, hala.” He gripped her waist, squeezed, then slid his hands down to cup her ass. Squeezed again. “I’ve been waiting to be balls deep inside you since I first put eyes on you. Put me out of my misery.”

His words, with that hard edge of need and desperation, ratcheted her desire higher. Heart pounding, she rose up on her knees, fisted the base of his cock, and slowly—oh so slowly—sank down on him.

Shock, pleasure, pain whipped through her like a fierce, freezing wind. Oh fuck. Sucking in a breath through paralyzed lungs, she curled her fingers against his abdomen, closing her eyes and absorbing the enormous pressure and sting of being penetrated and filled by Ronin. For a moment, the discomfort outdistanced the pleasure of finally, finally having him inside her.

“Easy,” he soothed, his thumbs sweeping back and forth over the front of her hips. “Look at me,” he ordered in that same low, calming tone, but she couldn’t deny the underlying note of steel. When her eyes met his, he arched an eyebrow. “A while, huh?”

Inexplicably, a chuckle fought its way through the constriction in her throat. The laughter might have sounded a bit strangled, but it was there. She knew what he was doing; distracting her while her body adjusted. And it was working. She gradually relaxed around his cock, her muscles easing, softening. The pressure remained, but the pain ebbed, not disappearing but blending into the need, sharpening it.

Exhaling, she flattened her palms on his firm muscles and gave an experimental roll of her hips. Desire, hot and wild, whistled through her like an arrow let loose from a tight bow.

“Oh God,” she moaned, her head tipping back on her shoulders. Repeating the twist that rubbed her clit over his pelvic bone, she shuddered.

So good. So damn good. Again. She ground against him again. Then again. She became lost in the steady, greedy climb up that precarious mountain, seeking the crumbling, treacherous edge of release.

Lips clamped over her nipple, and she cried out, locking her arms around Ronin’s head. Hell, she’d forgotten she was supposed to be giving both of them pleasure. But hadn’t that been his wish when he’d arrived? To use him? Not that he seemed to mind. No, from the growl vibrating against her breast, and the lash of his tongue over her tightly furled peak, he didn’t seem to mind at all.

Switching to the other tip, he treated it to the same erotic torture, and each tug and pull echoed in her sex. With an animalistic snarl that would probably shock the hell out of her later, she leaned forward, pressing him back to the bed. Fingers clamped around his wrists, she held him down, all that strength and power at her disposal giving her another sensual high.

Thrusting her tongue between his lips, she pounded herself on his cock. Lifting and falling, she took from him, in turn giving to them both. His flesh swelled inside her, stretching her the smallest bit more when she’d believed she was already filled to capacity. Their kiss reflected the battle of their hips, colliding, withdrawing, clashing again. The slap of flesh, the wet suction of his dick leaving her, their moans saturating the air, spurring her on.

That kind of hell-bent-for-leather ride couldn’t last, though. And she didn’t. Ecstasy pummeled her from inside, from outside. It surrounded, conquered, and demolished her. A scream tore at her, leaving her throat raw with the power of it. She writhed on top of him, bucking and grinding, prey to the ruthless claws of pleasure.

Beneath her, Ronin gripped her, his firm, inflexible fingers clutching her hips, dragging her up and down his cock, burying himself in her over and over again. All she could do was hold on, a piece of driftwood tossed on a chaotic, sexual storm. A harsh, ragged groan broke free of him seconds before he stiffened and pulsed inside her. Hard grunts punctuated each abrupt jerk of his hips as he came, and she hoarded every one of them for later when she thought back on this night.

Finally, his big body loosened, sprawling on the bed, and Kim didn’t move from her position on top of him. Only their rough pants echoed in the room, and for once, her thoughts remained quiet, scattered by the power of her release and not yet reassembled.

She was just fine with that.

Because Ronin had promised her tonight. And tonight wasn’t yet over.

…

Kim groaned, her internal clock clanging, announcing it was six o’clock in the morning. Mentally, she punched the damn thing, silencing it. Getting out of bed before noon on a Sunday morning was sacrilegious. Especially after a night of the most wonderful, mind-bending sex with the most gorgeous man—

Holy shit.

She jackknifed to a sitting position, clutching the sheet to her chest in a very belated, and completely misplaced, sense of modesty. Suddenly wide awake, she turned her head to the left, then to the right, searching the room for the man who’d rocked her word like a Fall Out Boy concert. Hard, grinding, sweaty, and a whole lot of screaming.

But she was alone.

A whisper of disappointment slid through her like a wisp of smoke. One night. That’s all she’d intended for it to be. What she’d wanted. So this irritating and stubborn feeling of regret didn’t make sense.

Shit. She grimaced. There wasn’t any going back to sleep now. Coffee. If she was going to be up this early thinking, then she would definitely need coffee. Shifting her legs over the side of the mattress, she stood and headed for the bathroom. Minutes later, she emerged, wrapped in her robe and tender in places she hadn’t been for too damn long. It was…nice. Screw that. It was good.

Padding out to the living area of her suite on bare feet, she aimed for the tiny kitchen area and the hotel-issued, single-cup coffeemaker like a heat-seeking missile with its target locked. As she rounded the small counter separating the main space from the kitchen, a lone sheet of memo paper with the hotel’s logo at the top of it snagged her notice. As did the bold, dark print scrawled across it. Slowly, she slipped it from under the coffee mug holding it in place.

Sorry you had to wake up alone. Had to meet up with my sister. You’re beautiful when you’re sleeping. And I mean that in a totally non-stalkerish way. You have my number. It’s yours to use.

Huffing out a laugh, she smiled and set the note back on the counter. God, he was so funny—and hot. Until meeting him, she hadn’t known the particular combination existed in a man. Images of Ronin from the night before flooded her. His teasing, wide smile. His face stamped with lust. His body, undulating over hers as he pounded into her…

She shivered, picking up the cup he’d left for her and turning toward the coffeemaker. Would it be so wrong to turn a one-night stand into a couple-of-nights stand? Or three? No, she wasn’t ready for anything more than a fling, but maybe seeing him again would be okay.

The argument waged in her mind as the coffee brewed and filled her mug. Carrying it to the couch, she carefully lowered to the cushion, taking her first sip of the day. The fragrant liquid slid over her tongue, and yes, she groaned aloud, because that first hit of caffeine was almost as good as sex. Almost.

Sighing, she reached for the remote on the sofa next to her hip, and her fingers glanced her cell. It’d vibrated last night, but she’d been…busy and hadn’t answered it. Picking it up, she saw the screen reflected several notifications of missed texts. All from Morgan. Huh. What could Morgan have possibly wanted? And four texts all in a row, it must’ve been important. Her heart kicking into an elevated tempo, Kim swiped her thumb across the screen, opening up her messages.

Text one: The hell, Kim? Did you know?

Text two: Abort! Abort! Mayday!

Text three: A picture of Ronin.

His dark hair tumbled down around his face, and the grin she’d come to associate with him was absent. As were the T-shirt and worn jeans. Instead a black, blue, and white uniform covered his big body. A football uniform.

Oh, God.

Text four: Where the hell are you? Wait. Fuck. I know where you’re at! Don’t answer that!

Carefully, oh so carefully, Kim set the coffee mug on the table in front of her and stared at the image of Ronin filling her screen.

A football player. Ronin was the very thing she’d sworn off.

Shutting her eyes, she dropped the cell, and it hit her lap. Had she felt disappointment before? No, because this was disappointment swirling in her chest, tightening it. And anger at herself for getting involved, even for a night, with a man like her ex-husband. The fame. The constant ego-stroking from everyone around him. The women throwing themselves at him 24/7. No one could be a normal, decent person in that kind of environment. Even someone as charming as Ronin. Especially someone as charming as Ronin.

Goddamn, did she have a magnet embedded inside her?

“Why fucking me?” she whispered, pinching the bridge of her nose.

Minutes ago, she’d been about to call and ask him for a three-peat.

But no way could she do that now.

Not when she should’ve never had him in the first place.





Chapter Four


Two and a half months later

“Oh Jesus Christ, you two make me sick. Get a room,” Ronin muttered, shooting his best friends Dominic “Dom” Anderson and Tennyson Clark a mock-disgusted look. “And a seat. Dom, you do realize there’re two extra ones here, right? Doyle’s has plenty of them.” He jabbed a finger at the empty chairs in their corner of the Pioneer Square bar that was their local hang-out. “Can’t Tenny have one?”

Dom planted a kiss on Tenny’s jaw…and flipped Ronin off behind her back.

Snickering, Ronin raised his Guinness and downed a big gulp. In spite of his words, he was happy to see the two of them together. Still a little shell-shocked—after all, for the six years he’d known Dom and Tenny, they’d been childhood friends, not lovers. So seeing the woman he’d come to think of as another sister perched on the other man’s lap swapping kisses would take some adjusting to. But they appeared happy. Hell, earlier that week, Dom had missed a key practice to follow Tenny to Dayton, OH, and bring her back home. As quarterback and team leader of the Washington Warriors, he’d risked a fine, an ass-chewing, and benching by the coaches, plus shit from the team. Must be love.

Or some kind of chicken flu that resulted in a slow decline in mental capacity and sharpness, and an increase in irrational behavior and general head-in-ass-ness.

And it seemed to be going viral.

He glanced next to him at his other best friend, Zephirin Black, and his “significant other,” Sophia Cruz. The tight end and the brilliant app developer had been together several months, but from the way they remained glued at the hip when neither were working, it might as well as have been several years.

If Ronin didn’t know with a certainty that he was immune to this particular malady, he’d start wearing a damn surgical mask to avoid contracting this disease.

It wasn’t that he doubted his friends’ affection for each other. Neither did he question the existence of love. He just hadn’t seen evidence that so-called committed relationships worked out. His parents had split when Ronin was ten; his sister Alea’s marriage hadn’t survived past the two-year mark; Zeph’s long-time relationship with his ex had ended in lies, betrayal, and a child that wasn’t his.

And him… He stared down into his pint. He’d had Grace. Since childhood, it’d been him, Grace, Jason Wilder, and Renee Smith. Then, one day, in Mrs. Randolph’s sophomore second-period Geometry class, he’d looked at Grace, and that quick, something inside him had changed. Clicked into place like a wayward puzzle piece. He’d fallen in love with his best friend. And she’d loved him. From then until the day she’d died at twenty-six from complications of cystic fibrosis.

So, no, it wasn’t that he didn’t believe in love. He just didn’t want it. Not it or the relationships and commitments love demanded. Most only resulted in pain, disillusionment, infidelity, resentment. And God, he was so damn tired of being left behind to bear the burden of the agonizing aftermath. Why would anyone willingly put themselves through that?

He wouldn’t. Never again.

He glanced at the two couples on either side of him and mentally shrugged. Hey, to each his own.

He’d stick with his one true partner, the mistress that had never let him down: football. The game had—and continued to be—the stable force in his life. Even family could leave, as his father, and now the threat of cancer hanging over his mother, had proven.

Grace had been as close to him as family. And she’d left him, too.

Fuck, he’d been thinking about her more often lately. Nothing good came from that. Not when it opened a yawning pit in his gut that only alcohol filled.

“Normally, I would agree with you,” Jason, the fifth member of their ever-widening circle, added, drawing Ronin’s attention back to the present. “But in this case, them”—he waved his beer bottle in the direction of the two couples—“being all booed up only makes us look more inviting to women. For some reason, it makes them think we’re relationship material, too.”

Ronin snorted. “One”—he held up a finger—“‘booed up’? What the fuck? You been watching that Love and Hip-Hop crap again?”

“It’s good. I keep trying to tell you,” Jason protested, even as he glanced around. Probably hoping no one heard him admit to that emasculating bullshit.

“I love that show,” Tennyson piped up, grinning.

“Not helping, babe,” Jason said, patting her knee.

“Two.” Ronin ticked up another finger. “You and I both know we’re the least relationship-prone motherfuckers here.”

“Of course, we know that.” Jason nodded. “But they don’t.”

Jason might be teasing—or maybe not, sometimes it was hard to tell—but his words contained a grain of truth. The traffic of women approaching their small circle had been more…brisk than usual.

Doyle’s was more-or-less a “safe place” for him, Dom, and Zeph. Though they were well-known professional football players, they’d been patronizing the bar for so long, they were rarely bothered with autograph seekers or photobombs. Not that it was a bother—fans, for the most part, weren’t. But still, management and other regulars in the bar kind of shielded them, giving them a place to just relax.

But tonight alone, six different women had requested autographs and selfies and stayed longer to flirt and throw down invitations that ranged from a romantic dinner to a night of I’ll-let-you-bend-me-however-which-way-you-want sex to a quick and dirty fuck in the bar bathroom. The last two offers weren’t unusual. But the dinner invites? Yeah, he had to place that blame squarely at the feet of the two couples on either side of him.

Still… None of them interested him. Not even his cock had jumped at the whispered offer to have it blown in the men’s restroom stall.

Matter of fact, it’d been nearly two and a half months since his dick had shown interest in anything beyond his fist.

Two and a half months since he’d walked into a hotel suite at the Grand hotel.

Two and a half months since a woman with the face and body of a goddess and a mouth like a Hoover had turned him out.

He hadn’t laid eyes on Kim No-Last-Name since then, but she’d fucking gelded him. Was it any wonder he couldn’t purge the memories of that night from his head? Especially when he jacked off to images of her mouth sliding over his cock, of her climbing on top of him, riding him, squeezing him so tight as she came, he’d damn near killed himself falling after her into a mind-melting orgasm.

Inhaling, he forced his thoughts to things less likely to have him sporting a boner in the middle of his friends. Try explaining that one away.

Scanning the bar area in a pathetic and futile exercise of horny hope, he paused when a cute redhead in skin-tight jeans and a thin white shirt caught his eye. She didn’t even make an attempt at coyness but boldly met his stare. With a small nod, he could have her crossing the room toward him. Have her—

A flash of movement to Red’s side caught his attention. Just-below-the-shoulders dark brown hair. A slim, elegant back. Bared arms the color of toffee and cream. His fingers curled around the handle of his pint glass. A drum struck a primal beat in his chest, the echo of it pounding in his suddenly awake dick.

He leaned forward in his chair, studying the woman, willing her to turn toward him. She wasn’t Kim. Slightly different body shape, and this woman was a little shorter. But the resemblance was enough to send his pulse rocketing. Damn it.

He would be the first to admit that after Grace’s death, he’d gone wild with the sex. Other people might drown out grief with alcohol or drugs. Others with isolation. And some with work. Given his profession, alcohol and drugs hadn’t been an option. Neither had isolation—not with his family and team. He had channeled a good part of his anger and pain into the game, though. But it hadn’t provided the forgetfulness, the oblivion, the escape that sex had. Even when the razor-sharp teeth of desperation, sorrow, and loneliness had dulled, he’d still enjoyed the women.

But now, he didn’t even have that outlet.

Hell, maybe he should approach the woman at the bar, see what was up with her. Because at this point, it was either find someone who reminded him of Kim or spend the foreseeable future having regular one-night stands with his fist.

“How is it you haven’t ended up on an episode of Snapped with your face blurred out yet?” Sophia asked Jason, dragging Ronin’s attention back to his friends.

Ronin cocked his head to the side. Yeah, he could definitely see how his friend might end up a victim on the crime show about women offing their significant others.

Jason shrugged. “Lucky, I guess.”

“More like he knows how to disappear. Bruh owns a detective agency,” Zeph drawled.

“Yeah,” Dom agreed, cocking his head to the side and narrowing his gaze on Ronin. “But how do you hide a big motherfucker like Ronin? That bush on his face alone would probably require another two feet of ground.”

Ronin stroked a hand down his thick beard. “I knew you were jealous of my beard, man-child. But don’t worry. I’m sure puberty will hit one of these days, and you, too, can have one of these.”

“I’ll have you know Tenny likes my—”

Tennyson slapped a hand over his mouth, glaring down at him. “Don’t. You. Dare.”

“Cooking.” He removed her palm and placed a kiss in the center of it. Ronin rolled his eyes. “I was just going to tell Ronin how much you enjoyed my cooking.”

Ronin snorted, sipping his Guinness. “You know, I was talking to Miss Josephine a couple of nights ago, and she asked about you two,” he said, mentioning Zeph’s grandmother, who’d raised the tight end. Over the years, she’d become a second mother to them all. “Next time, I’ll need to tell her how much you love Tenny’s…cooking.”

“You wouldn’t,” Dom damn near gasped.

“Oh, wouldn’t I?” Ronin drawled.

“You’re such a gossip whore,” Zeph growled.

Widening his eyes, Ronin splayed his fingers across his chest. “Who, me?”

Next to her man, Sophia snickered, and Zeph leaned over, whispering something in her ear that had red streaking across her cheekbones. Shaking his head, Ronin downed the rest of his beer. Friday night, and all they had was a walk-through Saturday morning before reporting to the hotel. Sunday’s game was home against the Eagles, so no travel. So, he was having another Guinness before he called it a night.

Truth be told, though, part of him dreaded walking into his quiet house. No matter how many TVs he turned on to wake-the-neighbors volume or how many miles he lodged on the treadmill in his gym, his mind insisted on wandering, inevitably landing on all the heavy shit in his life. Mom had finished her round of chemotherapy and had undergone a lumpectomy. Now she was receiving radiation therapy. She had her good days, but her bad ones…

He locked down the sigh climbing up his chest and shoved his fingers through his hair. While he complained about those sheet-tenting dreams of Kim No-Last-Name, he was quietly thankful for them. When they occupied his mind, he wasn’t lying there worried about his sisters. Wasn’t wondering if his shoulders were big enough to bear the load of only son, big brother, and provider.

Wasn’t shaking in fear about possibly losing his mother to cancer.

Yeah. He stood. I’m gonna need that second beer.

“See, what I tell you, Kim? Do I know my people, or do I know my people?” Renee Smith, the last member of their group arrived, wearing a wide grin. After she, Jason, Grace, and Ronin had all left Vashon Island after high school, Renee had forged a career as a public relations consultant with the Warriors organization. From the tailored black suit that fit her like a glove, Ronin assumed she had just left the office for the bar. “Guys, I’d like to introduce you to my friend, Kim Matlock. She was my college roommate and is a temporary transplant to Seattle. Kim, meet my tribe.” She stepped to the side and slipped an arm around the woman, who until that moment, had been blocked from his vision.

Holy fuck.

Shock struck him with the force of a three-hundred-and-fifty-pound defensive lineman hopped on ’roids. Air rushed from his lungs, and his body froze. Locked up.

Kim. Her. His Kim.

His Kim. He balked. Well, shit, not technically. But in a manner of speaking… And goddamn, now he was babbling to himself in his head.

But, Kim. Here. In Doyle’s.

And damn if she wasn’t as hot as his memories insisted she’d been.

Staring at her, he had no idea how he could’ve confused her with the woman at the bar. Yeah, they both had long, dark hair, the same body type and skin tone. But that other woman had been an anemic imitation.

The thick, silken strands of her hair held a wave now, but his hands itched with the phantom caress of them across his palms, tangled around his fingers. She wore one of those high-necked shirts with a bow at the throat that should’ve been too severe, but on her, only emphasized the high, firm thrust of breasts that he intimately knew the weight, texture, and taste of. Dark, tight denim encased her ridiculously long legs, and the black stiletto boots molded to her calves only had him lusting for the bite of those heels in his back…and those slim thighs wrapped around his hips.

He dragged his no-doubt-inappropriate gaze up her body, settling on her face. The heavy throb in his now-awakened cock reverberated in his chest. An invisible fist squeezed his lungs, wringing every breath out of them. Christ, that fierce and elegant face. Those sharp cheekbones, regal nose, and sinful, so goddamn skillful mouth.

And those eyes.

Still molten silver with the hint of lavender. Still startling. Still haunting.

Still stunning.

“…This is Zephirin Black, Sophia Cruz, and Jason Wilder.” Renee continued with the meet ’n’ greet, totally oblivious to the existential crisis he was experiencing. His friend’s smile faltered when she introduced Jason, a sliver of ice sliding into her voice. But for the first time since their ill-fated friends-with-benefits arrangement had ended in an apocalyptic disaster worthy of a Marvel comic book, Ronin didn’t care. Not when the object of every dirty, erotic, frustrating dream for the last two and a half months stood before him. “And finally, Ronin Palamo.”

“We’ve met, actually. Nice to see you again, Ronin. And it’s nice to meet all of you, as well,” Kim said, her voice a study of cool politeness. As if he’d never had his cock buried to the balls inside her. As if she’d never once clawed at his back and screamed, demanding he fuck her harder, deeper. Nope, she looked at him with an icy reserve that didn’t accept any blame for keeping him hard, hot, and sweaty for the past weeks.

Just. Freaking. Rude.

“Wait.” Renee glanced back and forth between him and Kim, wagging a finger at his chest then at her friend’s. “You two know each other? Why am I the last to find this out?”

“Because I only give you a debriefing of my life on the third Sunday of every third month when the moon is in the seventh house and Jupiter aligns with Mars,” Ronin drawled, leaving it up to Kim to spin how they were acquainted. He didn’t want to embarrass her. While his track record of hit-it-and-quit it wasn’t a well-kept secret, he would’ve had to be blind, deaf, and dumb not to recognize their time together hadn’t been…usual for her.

“Wise ass,” Renee muttered.

“Because it was right after I first transferred here a couple of months ago. We met at the wedding expo,” Kim explained in that same tone that was slowly getting under his skin, her attention firmly on Renee and venturing nowhere near him.

Did he want to put his business out there for everyone to know about them? Hell no. One, because there was no “them.” He’d been where Zeph and Dom were, and didn’t want that again, because no one could replace Grace.

And two, because hell no. The last thing he needed was a lecture about his sex life and the revolving door in it. Especially since, in a moment of insanity and blue balls, he’d tried to call her to change their one night to two. But she’d either blocked him or ignored him, because the call always went directly to voicemail.

Still, for some inane, totally inexplicable, crazy reason, he wanted her to look at him, meet his eyes so he could see the knowledge in hers that he’d been more than a potential client at her vendor table.

Oh shit. He needed to check his boxers for a pussy. Because at some point in the last twenty seconds he’d apparently grown one.

“Ohhh, that’s right.” Renee nodded. “Ronin took Hana there back in August.”

“Yes. Of course, at the time, I didn’t realize who he was,” Kim added.

There. Right there. A slight edge had entered her tone, and it had him crossing his arms over his chest and studying her more closely.

Renee shook her head. “I swear, you’re the only WAG I know who wouldn’t know a football player if he walked up to you.”

A WAG? His gut twisted, wrenched hard at the mention of the commonly used acronym for the term Wives and Girlfriends of sports stars. Which one was she? And had she been one when she’d invited him to her hotel room? Bile raced up his throat. He might be and do a lot of things, but fucking women with husbands or who were involved with someone wasn’t one of them. Not after he’d witnessed the devastation his father and his sister’s ex-husband had wreaked because they’d been unable to keep their dicks in their pants. Not after he’d been there to literally pick Zeph off the ground when he’d told Ronin and Dom about his ex’s betrayal.

“A WAG?” he repeated, ignoring the curious looks from his friends. He felt them on him, and he could practically hear the questions they contained. “Really? Who?”

If he hadn’t been watching her so closely, hadn’t been obsessing over every shift and alteration in her expression, he might not have caught the tensing around her lush lips or the glimmer of emotion that, for the quickest of seconds, darkened her gaze.

“I was married to Matt Cooper,” she admitted.

Was. What did that mean? Weeks? Months? Years?

“Matt Cooper, defensive back for Miami?” Dom whistled. “That man’s a beast.” Before Ronin could flick the quarterback in the forehead, Tennyson slapped his arm, scowling at him. “Ow. I mean, on the field. He’s a beast on the field.” When her frown deepened, he held up his hands in the age-old sign of Whatever you say, dear. “And off it, too. Which is why, y’know, you probably…divorced…him,” he finished, shooting Kim an apologetic, sheepish grin.

“Forgive him,” Zeph said, wryly. “He’s real smooth in the game. Out of it? Not so much.”

“It’s fine,” Kim assured them, her expression warming as her pretty mouth curved. “Usually, someone just asks me what was I thinking to let that god among men go. Then it really gets awkward.”

Even though images of her during their night together bombarded him like an air raid, Ronin laughed along with his friends. There was that wry humor and sharp wit he remembered. How did she just get sexier? That should be an impossibility, but somehow, she managed it. And damn did he want all of that under him tonight—again.

As soon as the words passed through his mind, a tightly wound knot of tension loosened and unraveled like a snarled ball of yarn. Yeah, what was one more time? Another few hours of no-strings-attached, hot-as-hell sex. He got that she wasn’t looking for anything more—she’d made that abundantly clear. And that suited him just fine; he didn’t want any promises or ideas of tomorrow either. Just more of what they’d had those months ago.

He lowered his arms, and as if she somehow sensed his laser focus and the direction of his thoughts, she turned slightly, meeting his stare. Something flickered in her eyes, and if it’d been anyone else but this cool, seemingly untouchable woman, he would’ve labeled it uncertainty. Even nerves. He smiled. Another flash of that emotion.

Oh yeah. Definitely nerves.

Good.

Satisfaction that she wasn’t as unaffected by him as she appeared swirled in his chest. ’Cause he was damn sure affected.

“If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to the bar for a drink. Renee, you want one?” Kim asked. Huh. Was there a hint of desperation in her voice?

His smile widened.

“Sure.” She opened her purse and removed a credit card from her wallet. “A Corona, please.”

Kim waved off the card. “My treat.”

Without a backward glance, she took off. She was way too dignified to run, but he’d most definitely call it a power walk.

“What the hell, Ronin?” Renee crossed the few feet separating them and jabbed him in the chest with a crimson-tipped nail. Shit. He batted her finger away. Did they file those things down to shivs? “Just how well do you know Kim? Like, ‘here’s a brochure; keep us in mind for your big day’ know? Or ‘Adam and Eve doing the naked nasty in fig leaves’ know?”

“This really isn’t our business,” Jason interjected.

“No one’s talking to you,” she snapped at him before returning to her chest-jabbing. “Spill it, Palamo.”

“Since she’s asking,” Sophia added, leaning forward, the low light above them glinting off the hoop piercing her eyebrow. “There was a little bit of”—she twirled her finger—“tension between you two.”

“I think what she means is you were staring at Kim like she was one of those tavern burgers you eat with unseemly glee. Seriously, dude.” Dom grimaced. “It’s kind of uncomfortable to watch.”

“Oops. Looks like I’m outta Guinness. I should go get another one.” Ronin didn’t wait for any more of Renee’s and the others’ prying. He cut a path through the tables and people, heading straight for the bar. Like a missile with a target locked in its sights, he focused on the woman who’d been the winning the award for Best Role in a Wet Dream every night for months.

“Can I have a white wine and a Corona, please?” she ordered just as he slid into the space beside her. Well, to be honest, the space he’d created by gently nudging aside the asshole—were those glasses even prescription?—who’d been about to hit her up. He’d just saved Kim from a whole lot of wind-bagging and pretentious bullshit. But since he probably wouldn’t get a thanks from her, he’d be the unsung hero in this situation.

“Add another Guinness onto that, Rex,” he instructed the bartender, who’d been there as long as their group had been patronizing Doyle’s. He removed a bill from his pocket and waved it between him and Kim before placing it on the scarred bar top. “I got hers, too. Keep the change.”

“Got it.” Rex accepted the money, then left to prepare their orders.

“That wasn’t necessary,” Kim said in that tone he was really beginning to hate with the passion of a thousand suns. “But thank you.”

“You’re welcome.” He propped an elbow on the brass railing, turning his body into hers. And she inched back. He arched an eyebrow. Now wasn’t that interesting? “I didn’t say it back there, but it’s really good seeing you again.” He shifted forward, regaining the small space she’d placed between them. “You’re looking good, hala.”

Her eyes widened, and a flash of heat lit up the gray like lightning in a stormy sky. Fuck, they were beautiful. But as quick as that flicker appeared, it vanished, doused by a frown.

“I looked that word up, you know,” she muttered, sweeping a hand through her hair.

“Did you, now?” He grinned. “What’d you find out?”

She narrowed her gaze on him. “It’s a prickly plant with razor edges.”

“You’re only half right,” he corrected and, unable to help himself, reached out and grasped a lock of her hair. Rubbing the soft strands between his finger and thumb, he resisted lifting it and inhaling the coconut and fruit scent he recalled so easily. “It’s a native plant and tree, and its flowers and fruits are actually beautiful. There’re old Hawaiian stories of fishermen lost at sea in their canoes being guided home by the fragrance of hala.” He tugged on the hair in his grip and lowered his head, surrendering to the need to capture her own sweet fragrance. “Maybe that’s what led me to you that day at the expo. My own hala,” he murmured.

“I’m not doing this,” she breathed, those beautiful eyes gone wide again.

“Doing what? What are we not doing, hala?” He used the phrase to rattle her, crack that cool exterior so he could finally glimpse the other woman beneath. The one who’d gone down on him and enjoyed it.

“This,” she repeated with more force. She covered his hand and removed it from her. Though he disliked the broken connection, he savored the brief touch. One that would be the first of many tonight if he had his way. And would he love to have his way. “So you can stop all the flirting because it’s not going to happen again.”

“Why not?” Okay, so that came out a tad blunt, but damn, his cock might’ve had a heart attack at her little announcement.

She shook her head. “At least you’re not playing coy and pretending that’s not what you were angling for.”

“I don’t have a problem admitting I want you. We fucking burned down the hotel together.” He edged closer, not pausing until his chest almost brushed hers. Never had he hated those few inches of air more. “Are you going to stand there and deny we did? That you didn’t love it as much as I did?”

She glanced away from him, her fingers curling against the bar top. “No, I’m not going to deny it,” she finally said after a long moment of silence. “But that was then. And now is different. Very different.”

“How?” he pressed.

Lust vied for dominance over patience. It wasn’t often, but when a woman gave him the hands-off signal, he backed off. So, he listened to her words and shifted away from her, granting her space. Still, her words and her body needed to get on one accord, because even though she told him one thing, her nipples pressed against the silk of her shirt. And it wasn’t cold in the bar by a long shot. He tried to be a gentleman—he really did. But the sight of her aroused flesh did things to him. Things that usually resulted in nakedness and orgasms.

“Because then I didn’t know you were a football player,” she stated, turning back to him. “I don’t do football players.”

The flat statement doused him in a frigid blast of What the Fuck. He blinked. It wasn’t often he was left speechless, but she’d achieved it. Usually women—and some men—looked to fuck him because of who he was—an All Pro football player with a perennial play-off team and a seven-figure contract. None had anyone ever rejected him because of those details. Not saying it wasn’t possible. Just hadn’t ever happened to him.

But Kim was condemning him for his profession. Slapping him down and finding him guilty for the crime of playing a game he loved.

An unfamiliar anger and frustration bubbled to a simmer beneath his skin. Given who she’d been married to, he could guess an ex who played football might factor in to her bias. Didn’t ease the sting of her judgment, though.

Shoving down his irritation, he released an exaggerated, heavy sigh. “Wow, Kim. I’m so disappointed. I wouldn’t have believed you capable of this kind of prejudice.” He tsked, shaking his head. “Can’t we all just get along?”

“Don’t be ridiculous,” she muttered, glaring at him. “I’m not prejudiced.”

“I know, I know.” He patted her shoulder. “Let me guess. Some of your best friends are ball players.”

Outrage suffused her features, darkening her eyes, flushing her cheekbones, and tightening that mouth into a firm, straight line. He struggled to contain the bark of laughter that pressed at the back of his throat.

“We agreed to one night,” she said, the cool reserve returning to her face and voice.

“I thought it was a woman’s prerogative to change her mind.”

“And to not change it,” she countered.

Rex chose that moment to return with their drinks. She picked up her wine, and Ronin grabbed Renee’s Corona and his Guinness. She didn’t reprimand him or give him an icy look for his presumptuousness but instead turned to head back toward their friends.

Feeling his window of time closing like a black hole, he slid in front of her. When she kept her regard focused on a spot over his shoulder, he shifted forward into her personal space.

“Look at me,” he murmured.

Her gaze snapped to his, surprise flickering there, whether at his softly issued command or that she’d obeyed it, he couldn’t tell. Not that he cared. Didn’t care that people had to walk around them. Didn’t care that their friends were probably studying them with an avaricious curiosity. Nope. Just didn’t fucking care.

Just as long as she put those beautiful, dove gray eyes on him.

“I know what I said before. One night. But that was before you walked into this bar looking pristine and unruffled. Like you’ve never broken a sweat before. Like you’ve never damn near brought a man to his knees with your greedy mouth. Like you’ve never ridden him, draining him of everything and still leaving him hard for more.” His breath soughed out of his chest, matching the harsh pants breaking on her lips. That glaze he remembered so well from their hours together entered her eyes. “And we both know it’s all lies. This ice queen thing you got going on is the biggest lie. Because we both know how hot you burn, hala. And I want it again.” He lowered his head, and the lust he’d been trying to check slipped its reins. “Same rules as before. One more night. We fuck until we can’t move. And then in the morning, we leave, this need scratched. I know you want it. Give it to us.”

Yeah, he was begging. When he’d been the source of his only relief in months? Hell yeah, he was pleading. Man-card be damned.

Yet he didn’t push her with anything more than his words. Intuition, the thrust of her nipples, and the gleam in her eyes let him know if he pressed his advantage physically—brushed the back of his knuckle over one of those hard tips, dragged a finger up the inside of her thigh, grazed his lips along the sensitive line of her graceful but stubborn jaw—he could get her to agree. But he needed—yes, needed—her clear-headed agreement for no other reason than she craved it as much as he did.

So he waited.

She stared up at him, quiet but not silent. Not when the desire in her eyes practically screamed yes. Not when each hushed but serrated puff of air carried the promise of a kiss. Not when her chest rose and fell as if she’d run a great distance.

Hope and a grinding lust knotted his gut.

Oh, thank Christ…

“I can’t,” she rasped. And stepped back. Dropped her gaze. “We should get back to the others. I…”

Whatever she would’ve added, she cut off with an abrupt shake of her head. But he swore he might’ve heard “I’m sorry,” as she passed by him. His fingers tightened around the beer bottle and pint glass, his cock roaring, What the hell just happened here?

Fuck if he knew.





Chapter Five


“God, no.” Kim gaped at the white stick in her hand. Squinted. Shook it. Tapped the clear plastic square. “Oh God, no.”

But maybe there was some other major crisis going on, because He wasn’t listening.

And the pink plus sign remained.

Her butt hit the toilet, and in the back of her numb mind, she had just enough consciousness to be grateful the lid was down. Because if not, her ass would be soaking wet, and she would be pregnant.

Pregnant.

Panic clawed at her throat, and she dropped her head between her spread knees. But that didn’t help the bile swirling in her stomach like a whirlpool, so she jackknifed back up. And grimaced. Didn’t seem to matter what position she took—sitting, standing, head-between-your-legs-so-you-don’t-hyperventilate—the world continued to spin in a nauseating slide.

Fuck.

Yeah. That’s exactly what got her into this situation in the first place.

A hysterical trickle of laughter escaped her, and she clamped her lips shut, as if by trapping the rest of the I’m-losing-my-mind soundtrack, the last five minutes would somehow reverse themselves. If only it were that easy. She would need Marty McFly’s time machine to travel back three months and undo one crazy decision.

The one time she’d indulged in a one-night stand, the one time she’d decided to take something for herself like countless other women before her had done, and she ended up knocked up. And by a football player, the very type of man she’d vowed never to become involved with again.

When the universe decided to fuck around with her, it went in John Wick style.

Another manic chuckle bounced off the blue and white tiles of her apartment bathroom. Wrapping her arms around her torso, she began to rock. She’d never had regular periods, and she’d been working so hard since arriving in Seattle, she hadn’t noticed the missed menstrual cycle or that the slight queasiness and fatigue might mean something other than long hours at the office.

A whimper escaped her.

What am I going to do? What in the hell am I going to do?

Fear, oily and dark, penetrated the shock and stretched its sticky tentacles. They encased her rib cage, twining and constricting until her breath wheezed from her lungs.

A baby. She wasn’t ready. Thirty, divorced, life in flux, living in a temporary city in a newly acquired but also temporary apartment. Unprepared. Last time, she’d been married, stable…

Pain streaked through her, a knife of crimson piercing her heart as images of another pregnancy test flashed through her mind. Even now, ghostly remnants of her joy echoed inside her. As did the utter devastation and agony of when she’d miscarried six weeks later.

Grief mingled with the fear, marrying, mating, and she couldn’t distinguish one from the other. What if she lost this baby, too? I can’t do it. I can’t live through it again. God, please don’t let me lose this one, too.

In that moment, underneath the panic, terror, and sorrow glimmered a certainty. The only clear surety since she’d peed on that stick.

She was keeping this baby. She wanted it more than anything in her entire life.

Exhaling slowly and deliberately, she straightened, staring ahead but not really seeing the shower curtain and tub across from her.

So, she might not have imagined starting a family as a single parent. But if the last couple of years had taught her one thing, it was this: shit happens, and you have to roll with it or get rolled over. And now that she would be a mother, damn if anything or anyone was steamrolling over her child.

Well, now. That was quick. A mother. She was already thinking of herself as a parent.

Okay.

Ooo-kay.

Her brain kicked into gear, the paralysis that had gripped it loosening its talons bit by bit.

What now?

She needed to find a doctor, make a prenatal appointment. Find out her due date. The dizzying wave of fear and excitement spiraled through her again. She’d hear her baby’s heartbeat for the first time. Awe joined the tumult of emotions.

A baby. She laughed, and this time the sound had lost its fractured edge. That impetuous decision had resulted in a miracle. Especially since she and Ronin had used protection—

Ronin.

The name crashed inside her head and cut off her joyous chuckle.

Two weeks ago, when she’d unexpectedly run into him again, she’d promised herself it would be the last time. Walking into that bar, seeing him, finding out he was Renee’s friend had been…shocking. And wasn’t that the understatement of the freaking decade? Like the lights that flooded the stadium he played at, her body had lit up, an inconvenient reaction to the huge, tall, muscled body that had branded itself on and in her several times through the night they’d spent together. A night that still invaded her dreams, had her waking up aching and wet with need, her fingers shoved between her legs.

Same rules as before. One more night. We fuck until we can’t move. And then in the morning, we leave, this need scratched. I know you want it. Give it to us.

Through sheer will she hadn’t known herself capable of, she’d declined his wicked, erotic invitation for a repeat. Hell, that hadn’t been will. It’d been self-preservation, pure and simple. It’d been the same primal sense of self-protection that pushed her to block then erase his number and their texts from her phone. So even in a weak moment—like the middle of the night when her sex throbbed and begged to be filled—she had no way of calling or contacting him.

She didn’t need the complication he presented in her life. No matter that he was a big, sexy lumberjack complication that had simultaneously drenched and set her panties on fire.

But now, she didn’t have a choice but to see him again.

Or do I?

After arriving home from the bar that night, she’d Googled Ronin Palamo. Of Hawaiian descent, he’d moved to Washington when he was six, and was raised by a single mother for most of his twenty-eight years. Drafted by the Warriors at the end of his sophomore year at the University of Washington, he’d been the team’s star wide receiver for the last eight years. And evidently, he played as hard off the field as he did on. “Notorious” was a word. So was “man-whore.” Not every player could boast a YouTube video of him in the shower posted by some groupie he’d slept with.

Leave it to her to become involved with not just a football player, but one who might actually rival Matt in the “spreading it around” department.

After reading almost two hours about him, anger and relief had coalesced inside her. Anger because of how stabby she’d felt viewing the pictures of him with models, actresses, and other gorgeous women, and knowing those women had received what she had in her hotel room. Relief because she’d dodged a bullet by turning him down.

And yet, as inane as it sounded, kernels of betrayal had rooted in her chest. Of course, Ronin didn’t have any idea about her feelings—or lack of them—toward men in his chosen career. And he hadn’t lied to her about who he was…he just hadn’t mentioned it. Hell, they hadn’t even exchanged last names. Still, she couldn’t help but feel that he’d lied by omission.

Or maybe she was just deflecting her self-disgust onto him.

Surging to her feet, she shook her head. She twisted the sink faucets, and cupping her hands beneath the spigot, she splashed water on her face. Snatching a towel off the rack, she rubbed harder than was probably required to dry her face.

God, what was wrong with her? Did she have some kind of emotional death wish? Some kind of radar that attracted men who were about four hundred and seventeen different kinds of wrong for her? Because no matter how much she wanted to blame Ronin for this slip-up, she couldn’t. This was on her. And she almost hated herself for being such an idiot.

Again.

If she had a dollar for every time she heard or read some story about the groupies who deliberately sought out football players…and about the players who had a steady rotation of side chicks, she could buy a private island resort in Bora Bora. Alex had even tried to warn her about athletes’ lifestyles when she’d first started dating Matt. But naively—stupidly—she’d ignored her brother. Not me, she’d thought. Not Matt. He was the exception. She’d found the special one who would never cheat or lie.

What a fucking fool she’d been.

Sighing, she closed her eyes. But moments later, she lifted her lashes and stared at her reflection. If she didn’t tell Ronin about the pregnancy, she wouldn’t be able to do this again. Look at herself in the mirror.

In the end, it didn’t matter who he fucked, how often, or how many camera phones were involved. The bottom line was he was her baby’s father, and he deserved to know, as well as to have the choice whether to be in his or her life, or not. But it didn’t mean she would be in a relationship with him. Sexual or otherwise.

Before she could change her mind, she tossed the towel on the sink and marched out of the bathroom into her bedroom. Picking up her phone, she quickly dialed Renee’s number.

“Hi, Kim,” her friend answered on the second ring. “What’s going on?”

On any other time, the cheerful greeting would’ve warmed Kim. But the news weighing on her prevented anything but ice from coating her. “Hey, Renee. I need a favor.” She inhaled. Slowly let it out. “Do you have Ronin’s number?”





Chapter Six


Ronin arrived at the sleek high-rise soaring above Lake Union. Entering the building, he could guess why Kim had chosen this apartment building to stay in—close proximity to the shopping, cultural, and business areas of Capital Hill, Wallingford, and Fremont, as well as the University District. The view of Lake Union and beyond, from what he could see outside, must be breathtaking at any time of day. He knew for a fact this location cost a mint, even in rent, so the amenities must be excellent.

Still, he mused, approaching the security desk dead center in the lobby, it lacked the warmth and personality he would’ve preferred. But since, as Renee had mentioned, Kim’s time in Seattle was only temporary, maybe she didn’t care. She should. Home, no matter for how short or long, should be a haven, a place you rejoiced in returning to at the end of a hard day. Hard as he tried, he couldn’t imagine this modern monument of steel and glass as a haven.

“Good evening, sir.” The security guard, whom, with his tall, fit frame and impeccably styled gray hair, his sister Alea would call a “silver fox,”—shudder—greeted him. “Can I help you?”

“Yes. I’m here to see Kim Matlock. Could you let her know it’s Ronin Palamo?”

The polite reserve evaporated from the older man’s face, replaced by a wide grin. He stretched his arm across the glossy desk top. “Ronin Palamo! What a pleasure! Congrats on the win Sunday night. Ten for one twenty. You had an awesome game.”

“Hey, thanks. I really appreciate that.” Ronin returned his smile and accepted his enthusiastic handshake. Yeah, their game last night in San Francisco had been a great win. And a much needed one with the playoff season looming closer, placing the Warriors as second seed in their conference. Plus, as the guy had said, Ronin’s night, with ten catches, 120 yards, and two touchdowns, had been personally amazing.

“Do you mind?” The guard plucked a pen and a piece of paper off his desk and offered it to Ronin.

“Not at all,” Ronin said and took both. He glanced at the black name tag pinned to the other man’s shoulder. “Keith, right?”

“Yes, and thanks.”

Nodding, Ronin scrawled his name across the paper and handed it and the pen back.

Being recognized and approached by people had become a norm for him. And unlike some players who found a fan’s exuberance annoying and intrusive, Ronin enjoyed it. Not because of a need to be hero-worshipped or adored; he’d never required that. It was about meeting and talking with like-minded people who loved the game as much as he did. Yeah, it was his job, but it didn’t diminish his joy in it. Neither did it allow him to forget that, if not for the fans, he wouldn’t be able to do what he loved most for a living. So, even though he had a mysterious meeting with the woman he’d never expected to hear another peep from, Ronin took a few moments to talk with the guy about the Warriors heading toward the playoffs.

Minutes later, he waved at Keith as he strode toward the bank of elevators. The steel doors slid shut on a nearly silent hiss, carrying him to the twentieth floor.

What did Kim want? The question had been rustling in his head since he’d received the cryptic voicemail Sunday night after the game, asking him to meet with her at her place. Maybe she’d changed her mind about one more night together? Somehow, he doubted it. If that were the case, why would she have taken two weeks since their second meeting to contact him? Nope, she’d been resolute that evening at Doyle’s, had barely glanced at him for the remaining time she’d spent there.

So what, then?

Curiosity had driven him to find out. That and a desire to see her again.

The elevator stopped and deposited him on her floor. An alien excitement vibrated under his skin as he strolled down the carpeted hallway. Yeah, Kim made his cock hard, but verbally sparring with her was better than foreplay he’d experienced with other women. He looked forward to crossing swords with her almost as much as he did getting her naked and around his dick.

Halting in front of the door with the number she’d given him, he knocked. Anticipation hummed inside him, capsizing the curiosity. Hell, she could’ve summoned him here to ask his opinion on the kitchen wallpaper. At this moment, he didn’t give a damn.

Seconds later, the door swung open, and she stood on the threshold.

Oh yeah. He didn’t give a goddamn.

He stared. His mother would no doubt deliver a ringing slap to the back of his head for having the manners of a greedy goat, but he couldn’t stop staring. At some point, he might get used to the impact of her on his senses and body. But as his man crush, Aragorn, once declared at the Black Gate of Mordor, it wasn’t this day.

She must not have changed her clothes after work because another of those skinny skirts she’d been wearing the first time they’d met at the wedding expo skimmed over the sensual flare of her hips and down her slender legs. A purple shirt that molded to her generous breasts deepened the gray of her eyes, making them appear more violet than silver. Instead of the heels that made her long legs appear endless, her feet were bare.

Why the sight of those slim feet with their rose-colored toes should have his gut tightening, he had no idea. Foot fetishes weren’t his thing—unlike a certain linebacker on their team. But she could make him reconsider his stance.

“Thanks for coming,” she said, stepping back and waving him inside.

“No problem.” He moved forward into her apartment, unable to not think about the last time she’d invited him into her place. A low, insistent throbbing started in his quickly hardening flesh. All it’d taken was one glimpse of her and a few words spoken in that fire-and-ice voice.

The smallish foyer emptied into a wide living area that included the view he’d pictured in the lobby. Through floor-to-ceiling windows, the currently tranquil, dark waters of Lake Union created a gorgeous backdrop. And beyond, he glimpsed the marina, the Space Needle, and the glittering Seattle skyline.

Taking a moment, he scanned the rest of the apartment. The open floor plan gave the place a loft-like feel, the kitchen separated by only a breakfast bar. The dining room, with its long, formal table, flowed into the rest of the space. A hallway branched off to what was probably bedrooms and a bathroom. Everything was neat, spotless. Nice. But not enough to hold his attention for very long. Not when Kim stood there.

“So you moved out of the hotel, huh?” Shit. He should never try small talk because he sucked at it. “Forget I asked that. I’m trying to find something to say other than what’s in my head, so I won’t offend you and get kicked out.”

He expected a smile, at least. But nothing. She’d stood in the same spot since he’d entered. Cocking his head, he studied her, finally taking in the tight clasp of her hands in front of her stomach. The stiff set of her shoulders. The flat, solemn line of her full mouth. He’d only seen Kim a handful of times. But in those encounters, he’d known her aloof, passionate, teasing, and irritated. Never had he observed her nervous. And that this confident, sensual, strong woman was unable to hide her anxiety scared him.

“Hey.” He crossed the small space separating them and clasped her upper arms. “What’s wrong?” he murmured, rubbing his palms up and down her bare skin. Worry crawled through him, because she only stared up at him, those lovely eyes dark. “Talk to me, hala. What can I do?”

“I’m pregnant.”

A deafening rush of wind roared through his head, and through it, all he could hear was the slow, heavy thud of his heart. Ice numbed his body, and his bloodless fingers fell from her. What the…? She couldn’t have said…

“What did you say?” he rasped.

“I’m pregnant,” she repeated.

Oh fuck, he’d heard right.

On leaden feet, he stumbled back a couple of steps, and all he could do was gape at her. How? They’d used protection… Oh God. That last time in the early hours of the morning. Half asleep, he’d slipped inside her but had almost immediately withdrawn, the too-damn-good feel of her bare flesh wrapped around him jerking him awake. He’d put on a condom and continued, but that one tiny, seconds-long mistake couldn’t have… Squeezing his eyes shut, he fisted his fingers against the thoughts and emotions bombarding him like a hail storm.

A baby. How did he know it was his…?

As soon as the question entered his head, he evicted it. No, given how she felt toward football players, if she wasn’t sure the baby was his, she wouldn’t have told him. And add to the fact that, as naive as it might make him seem given all that he’d seen in his profession, he didn’t believe Kim capable of that kind of deception. She’d been tight as hell the first time he’d entered her body; she wasn’t the kind of woman to sleep around. That night and now, he had the sense that her sleeping with him had been an aberration instead of the norm.

Which meant he was going to be a father.

Holy hell.

“Ronin,” she said, her voice reaching him as if from a long distance.

“Wait.” He held up a hand. “Just give me a…minute.” He glanced down at his suddenly weak knees. Oh damn. He was going to embarrass himself by face-planting it on her hardwood floors. Not a good look.

He evaded three-hundred-plus-pound linebackers intent on crushing him to the turf for a living, but he’d never experienced the kind of fear that swept through him. Like a tsunami, it whipped and battered him.

A father.

Him.

What did he know about being a good father? His own had abandoned his family when Ronin was ten, and the next time he’d seen him was ten years later when Ronin was drafted. It’d also been the last time, since he’d told the motherfucker to get ghost. His only male figures had been coaches. And they’d taught him how to read plays, run, catch a ball, be the best at the game, but not how to raise and nurture a child…

Guilt flashed inside him, quick, but oily and heavy. A wave of grief followed, swelling up inside him so fierce and hot that he locked his muscles against it, so he wouldn’t buckle under the power of it. Grace had wanted a baby, but they couldn’t because of her disease; her weak lungs and body couldn’t have handled it. But now, he was having the baby they should’ve had with Kim…

A baby.

The shame evaporated under the wonder. A baby that would have Kim’s gorgeous eyes and pretty smile. Maybe his dark hair, and a beautiful blend of their heritages and skin tones. Whether it was a girl or boy, he or she would break hearts. But if it was a girl, he would have to break other things on any boy who dared hurt her… Hell, any boy who dared talk to her, period.

He blinked. And a surge of protectiveness and love swamped him, stunning and fierce in its intensity.

“What are your plans?” he asked, his heart pounding a hard, fast tattoo against his rib cage.

“To keep it,” she replied, her chin notching up. Almost as if waiting for his objection, his argument.

To hell with that. But for a moment, he couldn’t speak with the relief crashing through him.

“Good,” he finally muttered, tone hoarse. Clearing his throat, he nodded. “Good.”

Her eyes narrowed, but her shoulders loosened the tiniest fraction, and her fingers quit trying to maul one another.

“That’s it?” she asked. “Just good?”

He shrugged. “Nope. There’s this, too.”

He reclaimed the space he’d inserted between them with her announcement, and wrapped his arms around her. For an instant, she went rigid, but in the next moment, she melted against him, her fingers fisting his T-shirt, her cheek pressed to his chest. If he’d shaken in fear for those few seconds, then what had she felt when she’d found out? Had she considered not going through with the pregnancy? Had she thought he wouldn’t stand by her? By their kid?

He tightened his hold, burying his face in the thick, fragrant strands of her hair. He didn’t speak, and neither did she. But he offered comfort with his body, letting her know he wouldn’t abandon either of them. He might be shitty at relationships, but this commitment he could make and, without the slightest doubt, keep.

Kim slowly released his shirt and stepped out of his embrace.

“I’m sorry,” she murmured, crossing her arms over her chest.

“For showing a moment of weakness?” he gasped in mock horror. “There’s a special place in hell for you, Kim.”

He didn’t miss the quick-as-lightning tug at the corner of her mouth. Satisfaction glowed in his chest. Progress.

“I wasn’t sure how you would take it. Whether you would believe it was…” Her voice trailed off, and she glanced away, her slender throat working as she swallowed. “I know football players are often targets for false paternity accusations,” she continued in a tone that he could only describe as “off.”

Logic told him not to approach the subject of her ex-husband, but when did he listen to reason? Not unless it suited him.

“Was your ex one of those targets?”

Instead of answering, she strode toward the kitchen. He turned, watching her. Opening the refrigerator, she pulled out a bottle of red wine. “Do you want some wine?” Not waiting for his reply, she removed a glass from a cabinet and poured the alcohol in almost to the top. “I might not be able to drink it anymore, but I refuse to let God’s gift to mankind go to waste.”

Sighing, she returned to the fridge, grabbed a water, and then reentered the living room with both in her hands. Extending the wineglass to him, she settled on the couch. Taking that as an invitation to join her, he ignored the arm chair flanking the sofa and sat next to her.

He sipped the wine and waited.

“Yes, a stripper at one of the clubs he frequented filed a paternity suit against Matt,” she admitted, and he almost winced at the blunt statement. “Thankfully, I had already filed for divorce before it came to light. Or rather before I found out about it. He’d known about the possibility for months.”

She spoke matter of factly, but he caught the whisper of hurt beneath the straightforward statement.

“Did the baby end up being his?” Ronin asked, squelching the instinct to reach out to her. Skim a caress over her cheek. Stroke a hand down her hair. She always appeared so…alone. While she shared this particularly painful memory—and no matter her demeanor, he knew it was painful—she shouldn’t be lonely.

She shrugged, cradling the bottle of water but not unscrewing the top or taking a drink. “I don’t know. Don’t care. I used to torture myself by reading all of those tabloid and gossip blogs, but when StripperGate broke, I called it quits. By then, I was so overwhelmed and disgusted by all I hadn’t known about the man I’d been married to for three years—had been with for five—I didn’t want to find out.”

“I always considered Matt Cooper one of the best defensive linemen in the game. A bit arrogant and talked shit with the best of them on the field, but nothing worse than what plenty of players did. But not until this moment would I have called him stupid.” Or a dick, Ronin silently added. He might not want a relationship, but Matt obviously must have, or he wouldn’t have put a ring on it. “The ass had a gorgeous, smart, strong, independent woman, and he’d fucked it up for what? An orgasm?”

He didn’t get men who cheated—didn’t have any respect for them. Even those he played with. Why marry if what you wanted was a different lay every night? It was the reason he was relentlessly upfront with the women he had sex with. No lies. No confusion. No misleading someone that there might be something more permanent. Because for him, that option was nil to not a chance in hell of happening.

“Thank you for that,” she murmured. Clearing her throat, she continued, “So as you can guess, my marriage—my entire relationship—was, uh, problematic.” Her mouth twisted into a humorless smile, and when her gaze met his, those pretty eyes of hers contained shadows he wanted to sweep away.

He mentally winced at the sentiment. It was because he had sisters. His sister’s ex-husband had cheated on her as well, and he’d wanted to pound him into sand.

“I’m not telling you all this for sympathy, but so we can have an…understanding,” Kim said, running a hand over her hair. “I’m guessing ‘good’ means you want to be a part of the baby’s life. And I don’t have a problem with that, but that’s all we’ll be to each other. Co-parents. Not lovers. Not fuck buddies. Just parents raising a child together.”

She shook her head. “You accused me of being prejudiced against football players, and you’re right. I am. And not just because I believe they can’t keep it in their pants. It’s the lifestyle. The late nights. The partying. The clubs. The ‘boys.’ The spending. And yes, the women. Even before I found out about Matt’s infidelity, he’d refused to leave the rest of that lifestyle behind. I’m not saying all football players are like him, but the ones I’ve met through him were. Right now, I’m not even thinking about entering into another relationship, much less a marriage. But when—if—I do, it won’t be with anyone involved in sports. I don’t want that again. Not for myself, and definitely not for a child. So, we keep things platonic between us.”

She inhaled a deep breath, and her shoulders stiffened as if bracing herself for a verbal blow from him. Hell, he wasn’t gonna lie. Part of him wanted to deliver it. He wasn’t her husband. Could never be that kind of douche who disrespected women.

“You’re not wrong about the lifestyle many players indulge in and exploit. But I’m not one of them—never have been. Truth? I’d rather have a beer and burger at Doyle’s with my friends than hang out in the VIP section in the latest hot spot with random woman climbing over me just because I catch a ball and run it down a field. Coming from a poor family, I learned early on the value of a buck, and frivolous spending tempts me as much as one of Mom’s herbal teas. And yeah, I’m not going to lie. I love sex as much as the next man, but it doesn’t rule my life.” Hell, the last three months had proven that. “Look.” He paused, debated the wisdom of saying any more, but mentally shrugged and pushed ahead. “I get where your stipulations are coming from. Your ex hurt you in a way no woman should ever be betrayed by someone who claims to love her. But at the same time, you’ve reduced me to a stat with an unruly dick.”

She flinched. “I didn’t—”

He held up a palm, halting her apology. She could utter “I’m sorry,” but it wouldn’t matter. Because she would feel and believe what she wanted, what her experiences had taught her. Besides, she was handing him an out. He didn’t want to get involved either. While her experiences had marked her, his had left their own soul-deep scars.

“Kim, I get it, okay? We’ve all had relationships that have left us with bitter tastes in our mouths. All of us,” he stressed. “And I’m not in the market for one, since they seem to do more harm than good. So I happen to agree with you about keeping it civil and uncomplicated between us.” He had enough on his plate—his mother’s illness, providing for his family, his career, a team who depended on him to be at his best, and trying to stay focused on the game and the upcoming playoffs. And now an unexpected pregnancy with a woman he barely knew.

And then there was the fact that he had nothing to give. Sex. A night or two. They were the most he had available for any woman. Grace had been his one shot at what his friends now had. Even the thought of opening himself up to the possibility of that kind of loss, that kind of pain again, squeezed his chest so hard, he forced himself not to rub where it ached.

No, it was best to stay platonic…except for the baby they had between them.

Fuck. When had his life become a May sweeps episode of The Young and the Restless?

“I know what it’s like to be the child of parents who have no business being together,” he said, the memories of that painful time in his youth roughening his voice. “I won’t put one of mine through that. As long as both of us are present in his or her life. That’s what matters.” He paused, another thought occurring to him. “You’re not staying in Seattle, right? You’re only here for your job.”

She stared at him for several silent moments, then nodded. “Yes, I’m only here for a year. Less than that now.”

He clenched his jaw, his fingers gripping the stem of the wineglass. He’d forgotten Renee had mentioned it in Doyle’s. But he’d been so knocked on his ass by Kim’s reappearance, he’d pushed it aside. Now, though, with a baby on the way, he was faced with co-parenting from across the country. Having to be a part-time dad… After Grace, he’d never imagined being a father, but when she’d been alive, and they’d dreamed and planned a future together, he always thought he would’ve been a hands-on, full-time, present father. The exact opposite of his own.

“We have time to work things out. How we’ll arrange…” She trailed off.

“Yeah,” he forced down the odd mixture of guilt and helplessness. “We’ll work it out.”

She glanced down at the water bottle she held. “Yes,” she echoed him. Then, “One more thing.”

“For chrissakes, hala. I’m beginning to understand why men are terrified of the phrase ‘we need to talk,’” he teased, needing to add a little bit of levity for his sake as much as hers. He might appear calm, but inside, his heart pounded, and his gut churned like it was trying to make butter. A father. Yeah, outside: Got this. Inside: Man down.

A ghost of a smile flirted with her lips but disappeared as she again swept a hand over her hair. She’d done that the night in her hotel room and again at the bar. A tell of nerves. Since the woman had the poker face of a steel vault, he catalogued it for future reference.

“If you don’t mind, I’d rather not tell anyone about the pregnancy until after I’ve gone to the first doctor’s appointment, and I find out how far along I am.”

He frowned but then remembered how his sister had been superstitious about not announcing her pregnancy until after the first trimester. But then, Alea also believed cigarette tobacco removed bee stings and that the Lake Chelan Dragon was real. While Kim probably didn’t believe a creature with the legs and body of an alligator, head and eyes of a serpent, wings of a bat with sharp teeth, and a long, scaly tail dwelled in the depths of one of Washington’s deepest lakes, he wouldn’t have pegged her for believing in the superstition jinxing a pregnancy, either.

“Have you already scheduled an appointment?” he asked.

She nodded. “It’s Wednesday at eight.” She paused. Lifted a shoulder in a half shrug. “I didn’t want to assume that you’d intend on going with me.”

“Hala.” Giving in to the desire to touch her—a desire that hadn’t abated in the least even in spite of her “platonic” speech and his agreement with it—he covered the fingers wrapped around the bottle of water. “Anything having to do with this child? Assume.” He squeezed her hand. “Okay?”

“Okay,” she whispered.

He removed his hand, his palm humming as if his nerves were exposed. If a small touch like that sent his senses into overdrive, he was in more trouble than he thought.

Giving his head a mental shake, he curled his fingers into a fist. He had to get his shit under control. He might’ve cleared this first hurdle with Kim, but he harbored no doubts that she didn’t trust him. Goal number one: Prove she could count on him.

And that started with keeping his word—and his dick to himself.

One was easy.

The other was gonna be the death of him.





Chapter Seven


Kim glanced at the clock as she slipped her laptop in its case.

7:05 am.

The OB-GYN’s office was fifteen minutes away. And since she was a new patient, she had to arrive another fifteen minutes early to complete paperwork. That left her with about twenty more minutes before she absolutely had to leave the apartment.

No problem. She strode to her closet for her shoes. No problem at all…

“Oh God.”

She curled an arm around her stomach as a wave of nausea hit her. Covering her mouth with her other hand, she raced to the bathroom in time to wish her breakfast of jelly, toast, and weak tea a fond farewell.

Moaning, she grasped the top of the toilet tighter, praying the queasiness would pass, as she had nothing else to offer up to the greedy, never-satisfied porcelain gods. Morning sickness. It’d started Tuesday and had visited her like clockwork every day since. Between seven and eight in the morning. Around two in the afternoon. And ten at night. For a person who hated suffering even a head cold, this gestational plague was a curse. If God had inflicted Pharaoh with this shit, he would’ve let the Israelites go in a New York minute.

Several moments later, she flushed, brushed her teeth again, and exited the bathroom—resisting the urge to scrub down the toilet—still feeling like microwaved death. But at least her stomach wasn’t crawling up the back of her throat anymore. She glanced at her watch. Five minutes left.

“Great,” she muttered, rushing from her apartment with her coat, briefcase, and purse tossed over an arm. Focused on getting to her appointment, she almost missed the buzz of her phone. Grumbling, she dug in her purse, and just as her fingers closed around the cell, it stopped. And seconds later, started again.

Had to be Alex.

Smiling, she removed the phone, and a glance at the caller ID screen proved her assumption right.

“Why haven’t you called me in the last couple of days?” her older brother asked in lieu of the usual polite greeting. But this was Alexander Bishop. Rarely did he do “polite.” And yet, Kim loved the hell out of him.

“Uh, because I have a life. And am neck-deep in a sensitive project that requires more hours than I’m awake to manage,” she drawled.

A snort echoed in her ear. “You could do that hotel shit in your sleep,” he said, his dismissal both irritating and warming her. Alex had never doubted her abilities or his belief in her talent. Unlike the man who’d doled out his DNA to both of them. She deliberately shoved away thoughts of Malcolm Bishop. Not going there this morning. “Besides, we both know the rebranding isn’t why you’re all the way across the country—ow! Damn it.” In the background, a lighter voice snapped something that Kim could’ve sworn sounded like, don’t be a prick, pumpkin.

“Tell Morgan I said hi,” Kim sang out, knowing her sister-in-law had intervened on her behalf. Because no. No. She just wasn’t going to discuss Matt and her divorce and her empty life on today of all days.

A heavy, beleaguered sigh came across the line. “Since I apparently have the sensitivity of Shrek’s ass, and that’s a direct quote, I’ll just ask how’re you doing.”

Chuckling, Kim switched the phone to her other ear, holding it in place with her shoulder as she unlocked her door and shoved her belongings into the passenger seat. “Fine. Deciding to target the bridal demographic instead of business conventions has already started to pay off. So has offering local businesses a discount for booking their events with us. Now, we’re placing national ads to invite women-centric organizations to consider the Grand for their next convention venue. Our research has shown that the history, beauty, and elegance of the hotel appeal to women more than men, and we’re capitalizing on that.”

“That’s wonderful, Kim. I knew you could turn it around. But that’s work. How’re you?” Alex asked, his usually gruff voice softening.

And damn if that didn’t reach into her chest, seize her heart, and squeeze. Alex rarely did soft. Only his wife, baby daughter, and Kim ever saw his gentler side, and right now, she couldn’t handle it. She needed him to be stern, abrupt. Because this side of her brother had the words, “I’m pregnant,” pushing at her windpipe, eager to leap out in a fearful and excited confession. Besides her mom, he’d been her rock for more than half her life. No one knew her like he did. Had her back like he did. Understood her like he did.

But she wasn’t ready. Not ready to vocalize the words. Not ready for him to hear the hope tempered by worry. He’d sat up at night with her after the miscarriage when Matt had returned to work. She’d cried on his shoulder, soaking his expensive silk shirts, and he’d just held her, silent, offering her tissue and company.

And then there was the fear of disappointing him. It was one thing to be pregnant by your husband. A totally different one to be knocked up by a man you barely knew. She didn’t want to hear that displeasure in his voice.

So she remained silent about the most important thing in her life and went with, “I’m fine, Alex. Really.”

Not a lie. Not exactly the truth either, but not a lie.

“If you say so. But if it’s not ‘fine,” then you know you can call me, right? And you can always come home. Fuck Seattle. Fuck Dad and his hotels. This is your home, and it’s always here waiting.”

She curled her fingers into a tight fist, her nails biting the tender skin of her palm. The sting helped stave off the burn of tears. “I know,” she rasped. Clearing her throat, she slid behind the wheel and turned the car on. “So how’s my darling Caitlin? And why haven’t you sent me pictures…?” She switched the subject to her niece and, for the next few minutes, listened as her normally reserved brother gushed over his baby.

When she pulled into the parking lot of the doctor’s office, a half hour later, the warm glow from the conversation had started to fade.

Damn, she hated being late. But with morning traffic and the lethargy that seemed to be a constant companion the last few days, she couldn’t muster up the energy to be irritated. She stepped out of her car and locked it, and though she was running behind, she didn’t immediately turn and head across the lot. Gripping the handle, she closed her eyes, pressing her other hand to her belly. This time, the churning wasn’t due to morning sickness but nerves. Chest-tightening, paralyzing, almost debilitating nerves.

“Hey, you okay?” A large hand stroked down her hair, surprising her. Spinning around, she bumped into a wide, hard, oh-so-familiar chest. “Whoa.” Ronin clasped her shoulders, steadying her. He pinched her chin between his thumb and finger, tilting her head back. “What’s wrong, hala? No offense, but you look like shit.”

In spite of the anxiety playing kickball with her organs, humor welled up in her. “Now I can see why you’re lady bait. All that chivalry and charm.”

A corner of his mouth quirked, but his contemplation remained unwavering and searching. She fought not to fidget or dodge it. “Morning sickness, yeah?”

She frowned. “How’d you guess that?”

He sighed, releasing her face but repeating the strangely comforting sweep over her hair again. “I have two nieces. My sister suffered with it through the entire pregnancy. And since her asshole husband—ex-husband now, thank God—usually was nowhere to be found, I was the target of many I-hope-your-dick-shrivels-up-and-falls-off curses.”

“I’ve only met one of your sisters, but I kind of like them.” Kim snickered.

Shaking his head, he settled a hand on the small of her back, the heat from that big palm penetrating her wool coat, suit jacket, and blouse to her skin. She stole a peek at his strong, noble profile. Today, he wore a paperboy-style cap, and his long, dark hair hung loose over the shoulders of his black pea coat, but neither could hide the elegant slope of his nose, the sensual fullness of his mouth, the full, bristly beard that was a lure to a woman’s fingers. Beauty, power, and sex all wrapped up in a Paul Bunyan package.

“Thank you,” she murmured.

He looked down at her, an eyebrow arched. “You’re welcome. What are you thanking me for?”

“For coming today.”

“I said I’d be here,” he reminded her.

“I know, I just…” Her voice trailed off. She couldn’t finish the sentence. Admitting she hadn’t let herself trust in his promise because she’d learned that men had a hard time keeping their word would just sound ungrateful and petty, since he had shown up.

“Hey.” He slid his hand up her spine and cupped the back of her neck, giving it a reassuring squeeze. “All I have in this world are my balls and my word, and I don’t break either for nobody.”

She blinked. “Did you really just quote Scarface?”

He grinned. “You know Scarface? God, that makes you hotter.”

She scowled, fighting not to smile at his ridiculousness. “I thought you said I looked like shit.”

He shrugged one of those massive shoulders. “The two don’t have to be mutually exclusive.” She almost missed his words because his thumb started a slow, sweeping motion over the side of her neck, shooting curls of smoke through her. One did not get aroused in the OB-GYN’s parking lot. It just wasn’t freaking done. “Hotness isn’t just physical. It’s mental, a state of mind. It’s intelligence, confidence. It’s strength. And you, hala, got all that down. Your swagger is sexier than the most gorgeous woman naked.”

Holy fuck.

Desire swamped her—flat out crashed over her in one of those apocalyptic waves that took out metropolises. It flooded her, pebbling her nipples, twisting her belly, and pooling between her legs in a sweet ache that she knew for a fact he could satisfy. Again and again. She’d read somewhere that pregnancy hormones increased a woman’s sex drive, but this had nothing to do with hormones and everything to do with Ronin Palamo.

Platonic. No sex. No fuck buddies. These were your stipulations.

She nodded, agreeing with the internal dialogue ticker-taping through her head. Right.

Ronin gripped the handle of the glass door of the building, and a rush of cool, air-conditioned air brushed over her face. Thank God. Walking into a doctor’s office, face flushed and overheated, wasn’t a good look.

Stepping forward, she deliberately dislodged his hand from her nape. His touch wasn’t conducive to rational thinking, and around him, she needed every wit available.

They didn’t speak as they entered the elevator and rode to the fifth floor where the office was located. Every second that passed, her nerves crept back in, infiltrating and overtaking the fleeting moments of peace and amusement she’d enjoyed. By the time he opened the office door and let her again precede him into a spacious waiting room filled with comfortable-looking arm chairs and beautiful portraits of newborns decorating the walls, she was a walking, breathing nerve ending.

“Good morning. Are you a new patient?” One of the nurses at the wide, long desk smiled at her as she completed the information on the sign-in clipboard.

“Yes.” Kim returned the smile. “I’m here to see Dr. Pruitt.”

“Ms. Matlock?” When Kim nodded, the nurse waved a hand toward the door that bordered the desk. “If you’ll go through this door here, I’ll meet you on the other side.”

True to her word, the other woman—her name tag read Shelly—guided them to a more private area and handed her another clipboard with new patient forms to be filled out.

“Why the special treatment?” Ronin murmured, removing his coat and sitting down beside her. His leg pressed against hers from hip to thigh on the low couch they’d settled on.

She tried her best to ignore the zing of electric sensation the contact caused to zip up and down the left side of her body.

“I let them know who you were and requested more privacy,” she explained, writing in her personal info. “Apparently, you aren’t the first celebrity they’ve dealt with. They had no problem with it.”

“Hmm.” His arm brushed against hers as he removed his cap. “Don’t want some camera-phone-wielding patient to catch a picture of us? Not ready for the world to know I’m your baby’s daddy?”

The words, though teasing, contained enough of an edge that she paused and lifted her head, studying him. He didn’t shy away from her contemplation, meeting it head on.

“No,” she said softly…honestly. “I don’t want to be Ronin Palamo’s baby’s mama. I want to be Kim Matlock, a double master’s degree, successful public relations consultant and vice president who is choosing to raise a baby as a single mom, co-parenting with its father.”

All her life, she’d been someone else’s “something.” Wilhemina Matlock’s daughter. Alex Bishop’s half sister. Matt Cooper’s wife. Malcolm Bishop’s bastard. She didn’t want another label. Especially when it came to Ronin.

She wasn’t ashamed of her child. But being reduced to a random side piece or gold digger who’d gotten knocked up by a playboy football player was cliché as hell. And no one would remember she was a self-sufficient professional who didn’t need or want his money. All they would see was one more woman spreading her legs to nab an athlete.

“That’s fair,” he finally said. Several more seconds passed before he spoke again. “But what’s also fair is to not expect me to lie.”

Unease curled into a tight, gnarled knot inside her. “I don’t want my name to become fodder for tabloid sites.” She’d experienced all that during her divorce from Matt. And not just the avaricious glee of bloggers and so-called journalists, but the nastiness of people who commented. Those who blamed her for his cheating, accused her of not satisfying him in bed. And then there’d been the “exclusive tell-all” from the stripper he’d fucked.

No, she didn’t want to suffer through that again. Especially since she would be seen as a “pro ho” for being with another football player.

Just the thought of enduring the ugliness made her ill.

“You’ve made it more than clear how you feel about ‘my kind,’ hala.” He uttered the endearment, but there was nothing gentle or teasing about his tone. It contained that edge again, but instead of a hint, she got the full blade. “I can only imagine what the asshole ex of yours put you through, exposing you to the ‘mercy’ of gossiping people. I’m sorry you had to go through that. But let me make something clear, too. I’m not him. And again, I won’t lie. If asked, I’m claiming my child. That’s not up for negotiation.”

They stared at one another, the tension around them nearly as tangible as the couch they sat on. She wanted to rail that he could dismiss it so easily because it wouldn’t be him they attacked. It wouldn’t be his reputation trashed. But the longer their visual showdown continued, her irritation flickered, wavered, transmuting to something darker, hotter, more volatile.

His attention dropped to her mouth, then lower, before returning to her face again. She knew what he noted. Her slightly parted lips, the increased rise and fall of her chest. And from his suddenly hooded gaze, the color that darkened the slash of his cheekbones, and the hard, carnal slant of his full lips, he liked it.

Unwanted desire wound a sinuous path through her, heating her cheeks, scorching a trail over her chest, belly, and between her thighs. Even the soles of her damn feet tingled.

“Excuse me,” the nurse who’d first greeted them interrupted. Thank God. “If you’re finished completing your forms, I can take them.”

Jerking her too-enraptured attention away from Ronin, she forced a smile. “I’m not quite done yet.”

“That’s fine. I’ll return in a few minutes,” the nurse said, then disappeared.

Refusing to look at Ronin again, Kim bent her head over the intake papers and purposely shut out everything but completing the information. The following ten minutes passed in silence, although a tense one. Every time he shifted, drummed his fingers on his thighs, hell, breathed, she was aware of it.

Once they were ushered to a room, Kim settled on the exam table, and the nurse ran through the routine of taking her vital signs and collecting samples from her. The doctor entered several minutes later.

“Hello, Ms. Matlock. I’m Dr. Pruitt.” The obstetrician, a beautiful black woman who appeared to be in her mid-to-late forties, and who rocked gorgeous dreadlocks, extended her hand to Kim with a warm smile.

“It’s nice to meet you.” Kim accepted the firm handshake. “This is Ronin Palamo.” He’s the father hovered on her tongue. God, what did she say? He’s the father, but we’re not married. Or, We’re not together. Well, obviously, we’ve been together, but we’re not together, together.

Shit.

But Dr. Pruitt didn’t seem hung up on the details. She turned to Ronin with the same warmth. “Nice to meet you, Mr. Palamo. I’m a huge fan, as is my husband.”

“Thanks.” He grinned, and Kim had to give the doctor credit; she didn’t bat an eye at the beauty of that thing. Kim—and her ovaries—weren’t so damn lucky. “It’s a pleasure.”

The obstetrician crossed to the sink and washed her hands. “Since you’re a new patient, I’m going to need to conduct a pelvic exam. Mr. Palamo, we’ll want privacy for that, but I’ll have the nurse bring you back as soon as we’re done.”

True to her word, Dr. Pruitt had the exam done and Kim redressed and Ronin back in the chair twenty minutes later.

“Well, you are indeed pregnant.” She grinned. “Congratulations. Based on your last menstrual cycle, you’re thirteen weeks along, which gives you a due date of”—she glanced at the chart in her hand—“May twelfth.”

Thirteen weeks. Kim heaved a sigh of relief. She was officially out of her first trimester.

But you were sixteen weeks when you miscarried.

The reminder slid through her, leaving ice gliding through her veins. Only three more weeks before she passed that benchmark. And then maybe this insidious, horrible fear would disappear.

Three more weeks.

She clutched the thought like a lucky talisman.

“Now, how would you like to hear your baby’s heartbeat?”

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

Her and Ronin’s replies were simultaneous. His eagerness touched a place inside her that she’d believed sealed off.

“I thought you might say that.” Dr. Pruitt laughed, pulling open a drawer next to her. “Seems like I’ve run out of gel. Be right back.”

She exited, and, that quick, the anxiety rushed back in. As did the memories. Another doctor’s appointment almost two-and-a-half years ago. When there’d been no hint of a staticky, strong heartbeat. When a sonogram had revealed an empty womb.

Please, God, take care of this one. I want him or her so badly. I’ll do anything, promise anything. I—

A large hand wrapped around her cold, numb fingers, warming them.

“Hey,” Ronin said, his rumble of a voice closer. She turned her head to find he’d scooted nearer so his arms rested next to her thigh, and she lifted her gaze to meet his dark one. “Did Renee tell you how Zeph and Sophia met?”

A little taken aback by the random topic, she shook her head. “No, she didn’t.”

“Well, get this. Zeph had a photo shoot for a sports magazine, right? He was supposed to be posing with model Giovanna Cruz, but instead, Sophia showed up, pretending to be her sister because Giovanna’s assistant had double-booked her, and she didn’t want to let either opportunity pass.”

“You’re kidding me,” Kim gasped. Yep, she actually gasped. “I thought Sophia looked familiar. And no one guessed?”

“Did I forget to mention they’re identical twins?” His ebony eyes gleamed with laughter. “Not even the photographers could tell the difference. And Zeph had no idea, even though he’d met and worked with Giovanna before. So there he was, getting all up close and personal with Giovanna Cruz…who was actually Sophia. It’s like that weird Ghost shit, yeah?”

Still shocked by the first bit of news he’d dropped, she frowned, confused. “What?”

“Ghost. Remember the movie with Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore, and Whoopi Goldberg? That scene where Demi is supposed to be kissing Patrick because he took over Whoopi’s body? I know that’s what they wanted us to see, but I never could. I always envisioned Demi and Whoopi making out. Look, Whoopi’s a boss an’ shit, but she looks like my Aunt Ele. And nobody wants to think about their aunt getting busy with anyone. I haven’t been able to unsee that since.” He shuddered. “Ruined girl-on-girl action for me forever.”

Kim blinked. Then snickered. She thought she’d been the only person to not be able to replace Patrick with Whoopi. She wholeheartedly agreed. Weird shit.

“Speaking of sisters and sex…”

“Were we?” She arched an eyebrow.

He nodded. “Absolutely. Keep up.” He tapped her temple. “A cornerback on our team, who shall remain nameless, is married to sisters. Literally. Well, technically, he’s only married to one, because both would be bigamy. But they have one of those sister wives situations going on. The only reason no one has caught on is because they’re identical. He switches up like a pair of shoes when they go out in public.”

Kim gaped at him. “You’re making that up,” she whispered, deliciously scandalized. Daaaamn. That was some Old Testament stuff right there.

“True story. Hand to the man. Speaking of hand and man.” He leaned forward, his hair brushing the backs of her fingers. “Our offensive coordinator caught his twenty-year-old daughter giving one of our defensive linemen a hand.” He held up both of his, palms out. “Now I’m not saying there was a shotgun wedding, but the offense coordinator in question does own a shotgun…and there was a wedding two weeks later. So I’m just sayin’…”

She couldn’t help it; she laughed so hard, tears pricked her eyes.

“I’m afraid of heights,” he announced. It almost seemed as if he’d blurted it out. Like he hadn’t planned on sharing this information about himself. “It’s true. On a visit to my mother’s side of the family in Hawaii when I was seven, my father—who was drunk at the time—thought it’d make a man out of me if I jumped from a cliff into the water below. When he saw I wasn’t going to do it, he pushed me. Thanks to an uncle, I didn’t drown. But it left me with a fear of heights. It’s eased up some in the years since, but the Space Needle? Nope. I’ve never been to the observation deck. And I absolutely never claim a window seat on the flights to away games. Headphones and more than the prescribed amount of Benadryl take care of the rest.”

Kim stared at him, speechless. At once, she longed to pull him into her arms for the fear that seven-year-old faced and how it still plagued the adult man. She also wanted to junk-punch his asshole of a father. Who did that to a child, much less their child? Sounded like he and Malcolm should get together for drinks.

“Ronin,” she murmured, but Dr. Pruitt reentered the exam room pushing a portable ultrasound machine, interrupting her.

But she couldn’t let the moment pass without acknowledging what he’d done. He’d told her those outrageous stories because he’d somehow picked up on her unease. Maybe her pain. Could she read his mind? No. But it didn’t matter. She knew that had been his motivation.

For the second time that day, she whispered, “Thank you.”

He replied with a squeeze to her fingers.

“Okay, if you’ll lie back and lift your shirt,” Dr. Pruitt directed. Kim complied, tugging her blouse from the band of her pants and tucking it under her breasts. “Don’t worry, this is warm.” She smiled and smeared gel onto her lower belly as well as the end of the fetal Doppler then rolled the round head over Kim’s skin.

Kim held her breath.

Silence hung in the room, heavy, weighty.

Then the staticky, rapid bass of her baby’s heartbeat drummed in the air.

Air burst from her lungs on the tail end of a sob. She tried to swallow it down but didn’t quite manage it.

Ronin’s fingers tightened around hers, and she held on just as hard to him.

Awe and cautious joy filled her chest, threatening to burst through. Glancing down at Ronin, she saw the same wonder suffuse his features. His ebony eyes were fixed on her belly, but not in lust. Something almost like…reverence glimmered there. But then, his ridiculously long and thick lashes lowered, and a faint whisper of a smile tilted his lips as he listened to the heartbeat as if it were the most beautiful symphony he’d ever had the privilege to hear.

Or maybe that was her impressing her feelings on him.

But studying the hint of a smile and the flush over his sculpted cheekbones, she didn’t think so.

A fist roughly the size of Ronin’s squeezed her heart. His lashes lifted, and she stared into eyes so dark, so full of the same emotion that flowed inside her, that her breath caught.

A connection snapped and crackled between them. One that vibrated and hummed deep inside her.

It scared her.

“Now there’s a strong heartbeat,” Dr. Pruitt announced, removing the Doppler and wiping it dry before cleaning the gel from Kim.

Grateful for the interruption, she tucked her shirt back into the waistband of her pants. Before the obstetrician could help Kim sit up, Ronin stood, placing one hand under her shoulder and gently drawing her up with the other.

“Thanks,” she murmured.

Suddenly, she wanted out of this exam room, out of this office. No, that wasn’t exactly true. She just wanted to get as far away from Ronin as possible. Before she let a special moment convince her she could rely on him, trust him. Need him.

And she, more than anyone else, knew how well she could lie to her own self.

“Now, I’ll see you back here in two weeks for your next sonogram,” Dr. Pruitt said.

Kim nodded. She’d confided in the doctor about her previous miscarriage and her worries as she’d lost the baby at sixteen weeks. Though she’d assured Kim the pregnancy appeared healthy, Dr. Pruitt had been more than understanding.

“Another sonogram?” Ronin glanced from the doctor to Kim. “Is something wrong?”

“Not at all,” Dr. Pruitt replied smoothly. “Just routine.”

She went through instructions for Kim to follow, wrote a prescription for prenatal vitamins, and set up her next appointment. After agreeing to follower her directions to a tee, Kim left the office, Ronin beside her.

“Ronin?” She stopped just inside the sliding-glass-door entrance, turning to him.

“Yeah?” He paused as well, his wide shoulders and big frame nearly blocking out everything behind him.

“I know I asked you not to tell anyone about the pregnancy until the first trimester was over. But would you mind keeping this between us for another three weeks?”

He frowned, his eyes narrowing on her face, searching. “Why, Kim? What’s wrong?”

“Nothing,” she said. Nothing except her own irrational but completely real fears. “I’d just like to wait. Is that okay?”

Several beats of silence passed while he continued to study her with an intensity that had her fighting not to duck her head to dodge it. “All right,” he finally said.

And she released a quiet sigh of relief. She didn’t believe in superstitions or jinxes. But when it came to this baby that she desperately wanted more and more with each passing day, it seemed all that went out the window.

“You headed to work now?” Ronin asked as they exited the medical building. He wore his hat again, the collar of his coat up and grazing his beard-covered jaw.

“Yes.” She glanced down at her watch. “Eight forty. I remember Matt’s day usually starting about nine. Is that the same for you?”

He nodded. “My first team meeting is then.”

She frowned as they stopped next to her car. “Are you going to be able to make it on time?”

“I’ll probably just make it. Except with my coach, five minutes early is on time.” Shaking his head with a smile, he lifted his hand but, at the last second, dropped it by his side. Instead, he stroked a hand down his beard. Had he intended to touch her hair again like he had earlier? If so, part of her was relieved that he’d restrained himself. And the other half… Well, that pang inside her probably had more to do with the breakfast she’d sacrificed to the porcelain gods than regret. “I have to go, but remember what the doctor said, yeah? Take it easy. Get more rest. Preferably not in your office.”

An irrational spark of anger and hurt fired within her.

Matt had never directly blamed her, but little comments he’d made about her job had let her know he’d believed it’d contributed to the miscarriage. He’d never been able to understand why she’d insisted on working, on having an income—an identity—independent of him. He hadn’t tried, just hated it.

Even realizing she was hypersensitive to just the mention of her job in connection with the pregnancy, she still snapped, “You don’t need to worry. I can take care of myself.”

She turned, angrily hitting the open button on her key fob and irritated that she allowed her past with Matt to continue to affect her. Damn it. When would she be free of—

A pair of strong, long arms caged her in, his big palms planted on her car roof. Dark hair fell over her shoulder and tickled the side of her face. The wild scent of rain-whipped wind and fresh earth enveloped her. A wide, hard chest pressed into her back, and thank God for it. Otherwise, she would’ve been really embarrassed when her buckling knees refused to hold her weight.

“Tell me something, Kim,” Ronin murmured in her ear, his lips grazing the rim. “Do you ever get tired of being so damn strong? Of constantly being on the defensive? Sometimes, don’t you want to just let go and let someone else do the heavy lifting? To give yourself a break, and trust them to hold the roof and not allow it to fall down around you?”

“No,” she whispered. Liar. The soft, cackling voice inside her head taunted her. But she shook her head as if to dislodge it. The last time she’d trusted someone like that, not just the roof had caved in, but the whole goddamn house. Maybe at one time, she’d longed for what Alex and Morgan had now. Had believed she’d achieved it with Matt. But that was no longer true. And she could no longer afford to be weak. To let go.

“Liar,” he growled, mimicking that know-it-all inner voice. His long, heavy fingers slid through her hair, blunt nails lightly scraping her scalp. With a strength that Sampson would’ve envied, she didn’t lean back into the caress. Didn’t release the whimper shoving at the back of her throat, demanding to be released. “Have dinner with me.”

She shook her head.

Stranger danger, her internal warning system blared. And she was the stranger. Every time he touched her, she lit up like the Rockefeller Christmas tree. Throw in the connection of a child, and her being near him made up a volatile mix. Like, Molotov cocktail mix.

That moment in the doctor’s office when their eyes had met while their baby’s heartbeat pulsed strong in the room, she’d felt a deep, jarring bond to him. More than she’d ever experienced with anyone. And it’d terrified the hell out of her. Still did.

No. Again, she shook her head, as if pounding the point home to herself. Dinner was a monumentally bad idea.

Keep it platonic.

His hand slid over her hip, under the flap of her coat, and settled over her stomach.

“Please,” he said, a hoarse rasp roughening the request. All traces of humor and teasing had evacuated his voice. “I want to celebrate what I heard back there in that office, and I can only do it with you.”

Oh damn. She bowed her head, nearly groaning.

He could’ve given her any other reason, and she would’ve been able to stand firm against it. But not that one. Because she, too, wanted to call up her family and share her news. Wanted to include them in the joy of hearing the strong beat of her baby’s life for the first time. But fear and worry shackled her tongue, and his as well. He couldn’t tell anyone because of her request.

But she did want to celebrate it. With him.

Or maybe she just wanted to stare at him, torturing herself with the knowledge that she couldn’t permit herself to have him again.

Nowhere on the pregnancy sites and books did they mention masochism along with swollen, tender breasts, fatigue, morning sickness, and heartburn.

Sometimes, don’t you want to just let go…

The last time she’d let go, she’d ended up pregnant by a football player she’d discovered she barely knew.

But this was dinner. And except for that night with him, the last few months had been about work, work, work. She hadn’t just…relaxed.

And hell, she was hungry.

“Okay,” she breathed.

Even as the words left her lips, the weightiness and guilt of the decision lifted from her shoulders. But that insidious voice inside her head started cackling.

Because it knew what she did.

As sure as she would have an inbox full of emails when she arrived at the office, she was fooling herself if she thought this was platonic.





Chapter Eight


Ronin rode the elevator to the twentieth floor, keeping his attention carefully focused on the steel doors in front of him…and not the street far, far below him.

Damn, Kim would work in one of those office buildings that had the glass elevators. For a lot of people, the view over downtown Seattle might be a beautiful sight while they rode in the glass and steel box to whatever floor was their destination. He wasn’t one of those people.

Heights. He hadn’t been lying when he’d told Kim he hated them.

Inhaling, he lifted his gaze to the numbered lights and started counting as each floor passed, his fingers tightening around the handle of the brown paper bag he carried. By the time the twenty lit up, a bead of sweat rolled down between his shoulder blades. He damn near bolted from the death trap as soon as the doors parted enough for him to fit through. Once his feet hit the thickly carpeted executive floor of Bishop Enterprises, he breathed a helluva lot easier.

Thank fuck the offices were silent and empty at six-thirty. He’d hate for anyone to report that Ronin Palamo, star wide receiver for the Washington Warriors, had exited the elevator looking like he’d just encountered that freaky-ass Pennywise clown from It.

He strode up the hall, scanning the names on the closed doors and desks. The space practically smelled of wealth and success. No three-walled cubicles on this floor. Just wide receptionist desks and cherry wood, double doors with gold name plates that gleamed even in the dim light.

If he’d had doubts about Kim’s position and authority in the company she worked for, this would’ve officially dismantled them. Only the powers that be would have any real estate up here.

Finally, he located the doors that led to Kim’s professional sanctuary. He knocked, and moments later, one of the panels opened.

“Hey, Chelsea, did you forget some—” Kim stared at him, then frowned. “What are you doing here?”

He held up the paper bag, grinning. “Dinner. Did you forget already?”

She glanced to the bag then back to him, frowning. “No, I didn’t forget. But dinner usually involves, I don’t know, a restaurant.”

“I never specified a place,” he said, sliding past her into the office.

“Only because you wouldn’t respond to my text when I asked you for one,” she grumbled behind him.

The door clicked shut as he turned around to face her. And he paused, once more drinking her in, as he did every time he saw her. She still wore the same pantsuit she had earlier. But the jacket was missing, and the sleeveless blouse with the ruffled front showcased her toned, slender arms. The pants skimmed her hips and brushed over the tops of her bare feet. The sight of those naked feet with their bright-pink–painted toes had him tightening his grip on the bag’s handle. The last time he’d glimpsed this vulnerable part of her, they’d been in a hotel room about to have the hottest sex of his life.

A bitter, oily trail of guilt slicked across his chest. It seemed a betrayal of what he’d had with Grace to think that. She’d been his first, and they’d made love, not fucked. Maybe the heat between him and Grace hadn’t contained the combustible, animal attraction that seemed to explode every time he came within two feet of Kim, but there’d been affection, history…love. He’d never have with another woman what he had with Grace.

Because he wasn’t going there again.

Clenching his jaw against his turn of thoughts, he scanned the office, taking a few precious moments to close his eyes, inhale, and shove the memories and guilt deep.

Still…

He couldn’t look at Kim and not think of that morning. Of the special moment they’d shared.

A wonder he couldn’t describe had filled him when he’d heard his baby’s heartbeat. Yeah, he’d accompanied his sister to her doctor’s appointments several times with both pregnancies, so today hadn’t been the first time he’d experienced that miracle. But as much as he adored his nieces, they weren’t his. This morning, he’d heard his baby’s heart. He hadn’t been expecting to feel so humbled, so floored, so…full. And damn if his own heart hadn’t started pounding in pace with that rapid pulse.

Then he’d glanced at Kim, and in that moment, she’d been impossibly even more beautiful to him, and as nice as Dr. Pruitt was, he’d wanted her gone. Gone so he could touch Kim, kiss her, hold her with his hand cupping her still-flat belly.

The reaction had shaken him to his core.

Still did.

The intensity of it had him pulling back. The pregnancy—that’s why this…connection with her seemed so strong. This was new territory for him, and he was wading in it—no, treading water. Trying to keep his neck above it before he drowned. He couldn’t confuse this sexual attraction that resulted in a relationship of co-parenting with anything deeper. The only thing that waited at the end of that path was pain.

He took in the sitting area with its elegant, dark brown leather couch, matching arm chairs, and coffee table. Then he surveyed the big, cherry wood desk with its ruthlessly clean surface. Folders, a phone, computer monitor, and a couple small stacks of paper were aligned like soldiers in a highly disciplined regiment.

“Where should I put this?” He lifted the bag. “I would say the desk, but damn, hala, that has to be the cleanest one I’ve ever seen in my life. I feel like if I go near it, you might tackle me to the ground. Not that I wouldn’t like that, mind you.”

“Funny,” she drawled. “The table is fine.” She waved toward the piece of furniture. “You’re a football player who makes seven figures, and you can’t afford to take me to a restaurant?”

He grinned. Damn, he loved her mouth. And not just when it was doing mind-bending things to his cock.

He pressed a palm over his chest, fingers splayed wide. “I’m wounded. I truly am. And here I was concerned over how eating in a restaurant with all those different smells coming at you would affect your delicate sensibilities. How is Peanut, anyway? He giving you any grief?”

She pinched the bridge of her nose, the other hand propped on her hip. “Good God, I don’t know which of those ridiculous statements to address first,” she muttered. “Oh, wait, yes, I do.” She held up a finger. “One. No baby of mine will be referred to as Peanut. Big bucket of nope. Two.” Another finger joined the first. “How do you figure it’s a boy? I have a niece, and from the number of your sisters, girls obviously run in your family, so the odds are high that he is a she. Three.” She popped up another finger. “Thank you,” she murmured. “I appreciate you thinking of me and my…delicate sensibilities.”

He smiled, lifting his hand to run it down her hair, to savor the silken feel of the thick strands under his palm. But at the last moment, he lowered his arm. His gut tightened, and through sheer will, he curled his fingers into a fist, preventing them from tangling in the dark brown mass and hauling her up on her toes so he could devour her mouth. Reacquaint himself with the taste and flavor that his memories insisted was pure sex and everything sweet.

Distance. Keep it platonic.

She cleared her throat. “So, what did you bring for dinner?”

The huskiness of her voice and the slashes of color over her cheekbones taunted him like a red flag that had “I want you but am too stubborn to give in” stitched all over it in blinking Christmas lights.

Focusing, he started removing items from the bag. “Roasted butternut squash and ginger soup and watermelon mojito salad,” he said, placing two large, cardboard containers on the table. “Baked chicken with a yogurt dressing and rice pilaf.” He set two more beside the others. “For dessert, freshly baked ginger and oatmeal cookies.” And he placed the smallest and lightest of the containers on the far side.

When he straightened and glanced at her, she blinked at the food that blanketed the table. “Wow.” She lifted her gaze to him. “All of it sounds delicious. And random.”

He snorted, removing plates, plastic silverware, napkins. “I had to go to about three different restaurants and delis to amass all of this, so yeah, random’s a good word for it.”

“But why?”

The patch of skin between her eyebrows was wrinkled in genuine confusion, and he wondered if she meant why the particular selection of food, or why had he gone to all the trouble. The answers to both would be the same.

You.

Because she’s having my kid, he corrected himself. His child was more than worth a little extra driving.

“All of these foods are great to ease morning sickness,” he explained, choosing to address the easiest and less emotionally messy inference. “Here, sit.” He clasped her elbow and guided her to the couch. “I’ll fix your plate. Tell me what you want and don’t want.”

“Everything,” she admitted with a small smile but with astonishment still coloring her tone. “I haven’t eaten much today.”

“Because I don’t want my balls handed to me in a Dixie cup, I’ll refrain from commenting on that,” he grumbled.

Damn. Who watched out for her? As an executive in this place, she probably put out fires, handled everyone else’s problems. But who took care of her? Made sure she didn’t push herself too hard? Asking her those questions would no doubt earn him a severe tongue lashing. And not the good kind either. So, instead, he scooped salad onto a plate and soup into a bowl. While she dug into the salad with an enthusiasm that was strangely sexy as hell, he set the bowl in front of her and fixed another plate with chicken and rice.

After preparing a huge serving for himself, he lowered himself to the couch beside her.

“How do you know about these foods?” she asked, sipping from the Styrofoam cup of freshly squeezed lemonade.

“My mom,” he replied, forking another piece of chicken into his mouth. Huh. Who would’ve thought yogurt and chicken together would be so good?

Her spoon stopped halfway to her mouth. “You told your mom…”

He shook his head. “No, I haven’t told her about the baby yet.” At the doctor’s office earlier, she’d asked him to wait for two more weeks, and he wouldn’t break that promise. Although, it was tough not to share with his family, especially his mom.

But given the reason why she’d probably asked him to wait, he couldn’t be upset. Not many people credited him with strong brain power, but he’d figured it out. Sixteen weeks was as random as the meal selection in front of them. Then there was the unspoken communication between the doctor and Kim when Dr. Pruitt had mentioned the sonogram. And the almost fervent need in Kim’s dove gray gaze when she’d requested he remain silent a little longer.

His mother had suffered a miscarriage between Malia and Natia, his youngest sister. She’d been devastated. And when she’d discovered she was pregnant with Natia, she’d been overly cautious and reticent until thirteen weeks had passed—the number of weeks at which she’d lost her previous child.

His chest ached a little at the thought of Kim experiencing that kind of loss. The forthright, often-too-blunt-for-his-own-good part of him almost asked her about it. But another part kept his mouth shut. The part that whispered Kim didn’t trust him enough to share that information. That same section abhorred hurting her by making her talk about it.

So, he shoveled more chicken and rice in his mouth before explaining further. “My mother is a bit of a…” He scrunched up his face. Hell, how did he describe his carefree, high-spirited, strong, one-with-nature mother? “Hippie.” He snickered. God, his mother hated when they called her that.

She coughed, covering her mouth. Holding up a hand, she sipped from her lemonade. “What?” she rasped.

He nodded. “Yep. Oh, she’ll deny it. But she totally is. When bell bottoms came back in style, she was all ready for it because she’d never stopped wearing them. She’s all about chakras, meditation, spirituality, and ‘do you.’ A more peace-loving, laid-back person you won’t find. But if you dare hurt her menagerie of animals or commit a social injustice, she turns feral. Oh, and did I mention she grows weed along with her vegetables?”

“Shut up,” Kim breathed, sounding thoroughly scandalized—and impressed. The impressed part had him liking her even more. His mother might be, uh, different, but he’d put any bear with their cubs to shame with how protective he was of her.

“For medicinal purposes, of course.” He smirked. “Of course, she was growing it even before it became legal. But anyway, when anyone in our community was pregnant, my mom insisted on cooking natural, homegrown meals for them, including my oldest sister. Some were hits, and some were godawful misses. But I remembered the successes since my sister was sick her entire second pregnancy, very vocal about what she liked, and could eat like the zombie apocalypse had hit and food rations were scarce. And if you ever tell her I said that, I will deny, deny, deny.” He glared, jabbing a finger at her.

But as soon as the words left his lips, he regretted them. That wasn’t what they were—a couple who would meet each other’s families. He covertly scrutinized her reaction to his statement but didn’t glimpse that wall of reserve slam down, and some of the tension that had invaded him eased. Hell, not only did he talk about his family all the time, but Kim had actually met Hana. Kim had mentioned a niece, so that meant she had to have a sibling out there…somewhere. Not that she’d ever talked about them.

An insane and totally insatiable need to know more about her suddenly swelled within him, and unlike most of his urges with her, he didn’t shove this one aside.

“What about your family?” he asked, though the odds of her shutting him down were high. “Are you close?”

She remained silent for several seconds, concentrating on her food. Just when he believed she wouldn’t answer, she looked up, that cool mask back in place. Except for the eyes. Those pretty, startling eyes were anything but cool. The vulnerability there… Fuck. He tightened his grip on his fork until the plastic almost snapped in his grip. It was either strangle the hell out of the utensil or grab her and drag her on his lap to comfort whatever had caused that dent in her aloof armor.

Distance. Keep it platonic. The mantra echoed in his head a second time.

“I don’t have as big a family as you do. Just my mom, brother, his wife, and their baby. And I didn’t have my brother in my life until I turned fifteen,” she stated in a matter-of-fact tone that belied the softness in her gaze. “He didn’t know about me until then, and when he found out, he flew to Chicago to meet me.”

He didn’t know about me… The wealth of things left unsaid in those five words was weighty.

“So, you knew about him,” Ronin said with the same straightforwardness she’d used. Intuition warned that if he betrayed the sympathy curling inside him, she would shut down. And he refused to question why he didn’t want that.

She nodded. “My mother never hid anything about my father or his family from me. She was a model on her first visit to the United States from London, where she was born and raised, when she met my father. They had an affair, and only after several months did she find out he was engaged to be married. From there, it’s the usual story. He wanted her to get an abortion, but she refused, so he dropped her and, other than a monthly check, pretended neither of us existed. See, he belonged to a prominent New York family, and he couldn’t have it known that he’d fathered a bastard.”

Disgust whipped through him. For both the “men” who’d been his and Kim’s sperm donors, not dads. They appeared to be cut from the same useless cloth. “What a fucker.”

A ghost of a smile whispered across her mouth. “I’ve overheard him being called that more than once.”

“You see him?”

That same faint smile played with her lips, but with a touch of sadness. “Not if he can help it.”

“Seems like we have more in common than we both thought, hala. My father left when I was ten, when my mom was pregnant with my youngest sister. The next time I saw him was when the Warriors drafted me. Somehow, he managed to find me after ten years of being MIA, proud to claim me as his son. And with his hand out.” He shook his head, the disbelief and hurt from that time still a faded pulse in his chest.

“What did you do?” she asked softly, with the understanding and the sympathy he didn’t dare show her.

“I told him to roll the fuck on. He hadn’t been there when I needed him most; he didn’t get to come around then because I’d landed a professional football contract.” Fuck. He hadn’t meant to say that. To reveal that. He didn’t talk about his father with anyone. Turning away from her, he picked up the carton of cookies and removed a couple from them. “Here.” He handed her a ginger oatmeal cookie and held up his own. “A toast. Here’s to being the shit because of mothers who were complete bosses.”

A real smile lit up her face, and she tapped her cookie against his before biting into it. “Holy hell, these are delicious.” She popped the rest of the dessert in her mouth with a low, greedy moan.

Leaving him with a hard-on that could pound bricks to dust. A hard-on she would get an eyeful of if she glanced down at his thighs.

She’d made that same wicked, hot sound when she’d been kneeling in front of him, sucking his dick like he was the best thing she’d ever put in her mouth. And when he’d pushed inside her for the first time. Hell, scratch that. Every time.

Maybe he uttered a noise himself because her gaze narrowed on him, then dropped to his lap. Her soft, swift intake of breath didn’t ease the situation going on below his belt. If anything, it made him harder, hotter. He hungered to hear that hushed, startled catch against his mouth as he buried himself in her sweet, tight pussy.

As if in slow motion, she lifted her head and met his eyes.

A thick tension invaded the office. Lust replaced the air, and damn if he didn’t breathe it in with every inhale. It filled his lungs, saturated his organs, coursed through his veins. And that same need was reflected in her hooded stare. He’d bet his favorite He-Man T-shirt that the same memories of that night in the hotel rolled through her head, too. Yeah, she might cry “platonic,” and “co-parents,” but she wanted him just as much as he did her.

Slowly, so she had time to avoid him, he cupped her jaw. Pressed his thumb to her sinfully full bottom lip. Groaned as the ridge of her teeth grazed his flesh.

Maybe it was the intimacy they’d created sharing stories about family. Or maybe she’d decided to give in to the desire crackling between them like a live wire. Maybe both. He didn’t particularly care. Not while her warm puffs of breath bathed his thumb. Not when she didn’t move away from him or knock his hand from her but just stared up at him, those beautiful eyes gone molten silver.

And when the tip of her tongue brushed his skin, he stopped thinking at all.

Distance. Keep it—

Oh, fuck it.

Shifting closer, he replaced his thumb with his mouth. The hunger for her rode him too hard for him to go slow. For him to be gentle. Fuck that. Not when it’d been months since he’d done anything but hug a woman. Not when it’d been months since he’d touched her. He thrust his tongue past her parted lips, claiming. He gorged on her like a man coming off a long, torturous fast. She met him, stroke for stroke, lick for lick, groan for groan.

Goddamn, this kiss.

He stood, placing a knee on the cushion next to her and a palm on the back of the couch. He bowed his body over her, his other hand sliding from her jaw to clutch her hair like he’d wanted to earlier. From this angle, he could dive deeper, take more. Her fingers curled in his T-shirt as if hanging on. Good. Because he felt like he was fucking plummeting into a sexual abyss. And damn if he wanted to free-fall alone.

Dimly, a firm knocking penetrated the thick, erotic fog laying siege to his brain. He lifted his head to glare at her office door, the direction from which the sound had originated. Ignore it, his animal brain snarled. They’ll go away. Because he wanted to obey the demand, he lowered his head again.

But that interruption had apparently granted Kim enough time to think. She blinked up at him, the haze of desire that had clouded her eyes clearing. Damn it.

“I need to…” She scooted back on the cushion, and Ronin, interpreting the unspoken request for space, straightened and moved. She smoothed her hair down with hands that trembled as she stood. A fierce blast of satisfaction rushed through him at the tell-tale sign of how much he’d affected her. “I need to get that.”

She crossed the room, her steps hurried. Probably afraid he was on her heels. Smart woman. The way his cock throbbed and ached, stalking after her wasn’t crossed off his list yet. Not when he could still taste her kiss and feel the press of her mouth against his.

Maybe as soon as she got rid of the person at the door, he could get her under him again. Have her soft moans filling the air again. She wanted him; she might not want to want him, but she did. It was in her eyes, the hot flush in her face, the greedy demand of her kiss, the quick rise and fall of her chest, in the almost desperate grip of his now wrinkled shirt.

But shit, maybe the interruption had been for the best. Things had been about to get out of control fast and in a hurry…

“Malcolm,” Kim said to the person on the other side of the door.

Ronin’s head jerked up at the cold, flat tone of the greeting. No, that couldn’t be called a greeting. Even at her most reserved and polite, she still possessed an undertone of warmth. He’d never heard this positively…frigid note in her voice.

He moved closer, something in him whispering she might need him to face this “Malcolm.”

“Kimberly.” The older man who stood in the doorway nodded at her, formal and just as icy. Tall, with dark hair as neat as if it were eight o’clock in the morning instead of in the evening, he didn’t smile, nor did his angular face with its sharp cheekbones and solid jaw reveal a flicker of emotion. Something about him seemed familiar, though. “I saw the light under your door. I didn’t realize anyone would be here this late…working.” The not-so-subtle pause and quick glance at Ronin imbued “working” with a wealth of meaning. And none of it flattering.

Who was this asshole? Because he should probably know the guy’s name before he punched his face into his neck.

“I am working. As much as you probably were.” Her voice didn’t change in inflection, but from the tightening of the other man’s mouth, she struck a direct hit. “What are you doing in Seattle? I thought you were in the New York office.”

“I decided to visit here for a while.” He paused. “Make sure this new publicity and marketing push for the Grand is effective and on point, since I have a vested interest in it. But I’m sure Alexander and the board will be glad to know that you are burning the midnight oil, since everyone else is so convinced you can turn the situation around with the Grand,” he retorted. “Good night.”

The bastard pivoted and disappeared. For several long seconds, Kim remained clutching the edge of the door. Finally, with deliberate and almost careful movements, she shut it. But it was a little longer before she turned to face him.

“Who the hell was that?” Ronin asked, crossing his arms over his chest. Mainly so he wouldn’t charge across the room and wrap her in them. He knew how well that would go over. “And did he just threaten your job?”

A half smile quirked one corner of her mouth, and there was nothing humorous about it. “Oh yes. There’s nothing new about that. Or surprising.”

“Why? Because you’re a woman? Because you’re black? Or C, all of the above?” he pressed, disgusted. Men like this Malcolm with their archaic, boys’ club mentalities were outdated relics that needed to be retired.

She scoffed, and he caught the sharp edge to it. “If only it were that simple.”

Confused, Ronin frowned. “Who is he? A president or board member? Can he endanger your job?”

“He’s the former CEO of Bishop Enterprises.” She paused. “And my father.”

Fuuuuck. Her announcement slammed into his chest, rocking him. She couldn’t mean… Not the man she’d just told him about who’d abandoned her and her mother… And she worked with him? That’s why the other man had seemed familiar to him. The facial features, the gray eyes… Shit. And he’d thought his relationship with his father was dysfunctional. This—that scene he’d just witnessed—made them appear like a parent and child duo off a Nick at Nite show.

“Kim…”

Shaking her head, she approached the table still littered with their dinner. “Thank you for dinner, but I’m tired and would like to go home.” She stacked the containers and replaced them in the brown paper bag.

“Kim, I can do that,” he said softly, cautiously. Though she reflected calm and control, there also seemed to be a brittleness to her, as if she were moments from cracking into pieces.

With his sisters, mom, and Grace, he’d never had a problem offering comfort. Saying the right things and holding them until they’d felt better. But they weren’t Kim; she didn’t want his comfort. Didn’t want anything from him.

Damn it. He shoved his fingers through his hair. This was exactly what he hadn’t wanted to happen. If he’d kept his hands and mouth to himself, he wouldn’t be standing here, floundering, in a battle. She’d made it clear she didn’t need him. Not for sex, and damn sure not for a shoulder to lean on. Kim Matlock didn’t lean on anyone, and especially not a football player.

He should leave. Give her what she asked for. Leave her alone. Hell, he shouldn’t have touched her in the first place, making this situation more complicated.

Yet…

Swearing under his breath and calling himself about eleven different kinds of fools, he covered the distance separating them and cupped the back of her neck. She froze under his touch. “Kim,” he murmured.

“I’m okay,” she insisted, shifting away from him. “I’m. Fine,” she gritted out as she continued to repack the leftover food. “Just…go. Please.”

Clenching his jaw, he studied her bent head.

Just what he thought: she didn’t need anyone. Least of all him. Co-parents didn’t make them lovers, and definitely not friends. Trust, affection, mutual respect, sharing—those made a relationship, and they didn’t have that. He’d had it with only one person, and Kim had reminded him why he didn’t want to go down that road again.

Rejection. Hurt. Loneliness.

Better to keep things platonic and cordial just as she’d requested.

And just as she’d requested, he picked up his coat and left.





Chapter Nine


Kim stepped out of her car, shivering in the night air, and wondering what the hell she was doing, showing up unannounced at a man’s home at ten o’clock at night. Sighing, she shut the door but gave it a lingering glance. If she had even the tiniest scrap of sense, she would climb back in and drive away from Ronin’s place.

Yes, return home, and on the way figure out how to explain to Renee why she’d asked her for Ronin’s address. Her friend had tried to pry the reason out of her, but Kim had put her off, promising to dish everything later. Damn, she wasn’t looking forward to that conversation.

Propelling one foot in front of the other, she forced herself to move up the walk and toward the front door. Ronin had covered his surprise well when he’d granted her access through the privacy gate at the end of his long drive. At least, his voice through the security speaker hadn’t betrayed any shock. But what was he thinking about her showing up like a stalker? She groaned, pinching the bridge of her nose. Desperate to distract herself from her impromptu, crazy, most likely hormonal-driven errand, she focused on Ronin’s home instead of his reaction when he answered his door.

They might have known each other for a short amount of time, but the man was reflected in this house. The sprawling structure of wood, stone, and glass stretched out in front of her in an arc around a circular driveway. From the outside, the different, haphazard levels reminded her of a castle. It was kind of whimsical but…cozy. Huge maple trees towered above the Bellevue home, protecting it from prying eyes along with the wide, beautifully crafted wooden gate at the bottom of the drive. It wasn’t the huge mansion that she would’ve thought a successful, famous football player would own. Instead, it reminded her of a place a family would happily invade and call home.

It emanated security, safety, warmth.

None of that warmth penetrated the cold numbness that had enshrouded her since Malcolm had appeared at her office door a couple of hours earlier.

She briefly closed her eyes, rocking to a stop at the bottom of the three steps leading up to the door. Immediately, images of her father assailed her, of him standing there staring at her as if she were nothing to him. As if she didn’t share his DNA. As if she weren’t…family.

Who was she kidding? To him, she’d never been part of his family, even though Alex had acknowledged and claimed her from the first time they’d met fifteen years ago. But not Malcolm. To him she was, at best, an employee who hadn’t earned her position. At worst, an address he’d sent checks to for eighteen years.

She tipped her head back and stared at the cloudy, dark sky, blinking against the sting in her eyes that heralded the arrival of tears that were stupid and pointless. After being ignored and resented for her entire life, she should be immune to Malcolm’s rejection and disdain. But somehow, in thirty years, she’d never managed it. That little girl deep inside her still yearned for her father’s approval and acceptance. Even though it would never come.

In the immortal words of Lethal Weapon’s Roger Murtaugh, she was too old for this shit. She usually handled run-ins with Malcolm better than this. It could be the pregnancy hormones playing havoc with her emotions. It could be she was extra tired.

Or it could be that Ronin had been there to witness the cold war that was her relationship with her father, only minutes after she’d told him about how Malcolm had abandoned her and her mother.

She hadn’t been able to bear the pity in his dark eyes after she’d revealed Malcolm’s identity. One more glance at that painful sympathy, one more gentle touch, and she would’ve cracked. And that, she couldn’t do. Not in front of him. After Matt, she’d vowed never to be weak again. Never to depend on a man again, because he could rip the rug out from under her so quickly, leaving her alone, depleted…broken.

Ronin’s big hand had cradled the back of her neck, and for one oh-so-tempting, weak, terrifying moment, she’d wanted to lean back into it…into him. Let him take her to that place where his kiss had transported her. Somewhere she didn’t have to pretend to have all the answers, to be in complete control. The place where she could just be, and enjoying that rush of absolute pleasure was her only concern.

That momentary slip had scared the shit out of her.

Sighing, she continued up the steps. God, she was tired. That, she hadn’t lied about to Ronin. Everything else—wanting him to leave, needing him to leave her alone—that had been true, too. At least then. But she’d been in survival mode. Hell, still was.

Then why was she standing on his doorstep in the middle of the night? Why had she gotten in her car and come to him? That wasn’t survival. It was emotional suicide.

Shit, this was stupid. She should be sleeping. Tomorrow, her head would be clearer, and this…ever tightening knot of emotion in her chest would be loose, possibly even have disappeared.

I’m going home…

The front door opened, and Ronin stood in the entrance.

She couldn’t prevent the spiral of heat that twisted and expanded inside her. His mouth called to mind those mindless minutes on her office couch when he’d taken hers like he owned it. She swallowed a groan, grateful for the bulky sweater she wore. The thick knit hid her suddenly beaded nipples. Because his all-too-perceptive scrutiny would’ve definitely noticed. He might appear laid back, but he missed nothing.

He didn’t speak but stepped back, silently invited her inside. Ducking her head, and, determined not to ogle the width of his shoulders under his white T-shirt, or the strength and power of his denim-covered thighs, she stepped past him into a large foyer.

She had only a brief glimpse of a living room with gorgeous, cathedral-style ceilings and wooden beams, a huge, dormant fireplace in what might be another living room, and several framed black-and-white photographs on the walls, before turning to him.

“Is everything okay, Kim?” he asked, cocking his head and studying her with a narrowed gaze.

“Yes,” she said, clearing her throat. “I wanted to apologize for what happened in my office. I was rude and pretty much just pushed you out. I’m sorry about that.”

“It’s fine,” he replied, but then frowned. “Well, actually, no, it’s not fine. But I think I get why you did.”

Malcolm. Of course he referred to that scene with her father. “I—” she stammered, embarrassed. “I don’t know—” She broke off the explanation, mentally wincing and hoping he credited the hoarseness to anything other than the tears that had stung her eyes and burned her throat only minutes ago. Hell. What explanation? She couldn’t get the words out. Didn’t really even know what words she was trying to say.

Damn. She blinked again. And again. Freaking tears.

They stung her eyes, and she squeezed them shut. Goddamn.

Hard, strong arms closed around her, and for a moment, she remained rigid, her mind battling the chaotic maelstrom of emotions whirling inside her. But those arms tightened, and Ronin cupped the back of her head, pressing her cheek to his chest. Offering it to her. With a whimper, she surrendered. Gave in.

Just for a little while, she promised herself. I can take this just for a little while.

Once she gave herself permission, she slid her arms around him, encircling his lean waist, fingers curling into the back of his T-shirt. His scent of wild wind and fresh earth embraced her, as well, and she indulged herself in it. Inhaled it, savored it. Seconds, minutes, hours could’ve passed—she didn’t keep track.

She just…enjoyed him. The soft tickle of his beard on her forehead. The power of his large body surrounding her. The press of his thighs to hers.

The nudge of his cock against her.

Desire, dark, hungry, and needy, wound through her. Unable to resist, she curved closer to his frame, rubbing over his erection. His arms tightened a fraction, a stillness invading his body. Her heart pounded against her rib cage, and that same beat throbbed between her legs.

Tension filled his foyer, vibrating off her skin, humming with lust.

Back away. She should thank him for letting her in and not accusing her of being crazy, then leave before this got any more out of hand than it already had.

She tilted her head back.

Rose up on her toes and crushed her mouth to his.

Groaning, she unwound her arms from around him only to encircle his neck and draw him closer. She nipped his full bottom lip, licking and sucking it. A deep, almost guttural growl vibrated against her breasts, hardening the already aching tips even further. His lips parted, and with one hand splayed over her ass and the other spread over the back of her head, he snatched complete control of the kiss from her.

His tongue stroked inside and possessed her. It danced, parried, and thrust. He was as wild as his scent, and he called that same raw, voracious greed out of her. She opened wider for him, demanding he take more, claim more. And at the same time, she took, claimed.

Between one instant and the next, he transported her back to that place she’d been craving just before he opened his front door. As if he’d somehow known what she needed and was offering it to her. Nothing existed but the exquisite carnality of his kiss, the insistent grinding of his cock against her. Nothing but the chase and giving of pleasure and oblivion.

Reaching between them, she cupped his dick, squeezed the thick, big length through his jeans.

“Fuck.” The rough curse blistered the air, and she loved it. Love that she was the cause of that jagged, almost angry note in his voice. So she squeezed and stroked him again. And again. Each shudder of his frame, each surge of his hips ratcheted the hot desire burning her alive. She grabbed his belt, fumbling with too-clumsy fingers to release it.

But his hand closed over both of hers, and in the next moment, her spine connected with the wall, her arms pulled over her head.

A whimper escaped her, and she twisted against his hold. Not to get away. Oh, hell no. But to get closer, to climb that beautiful body and have him shove his cock so deep inside her she thought of nothing else but the tight fit that stretched her to her limits and drove her crazy.

He slid a hand under her sweater, skimming his palm over her stomach. She sucked in a hard breath at the contact. Oh God. She needed this. To be touched again. The night at the hotel had uncapped the lid on needs that she’d denied having for over a year. She wanted Ronin’s touch. Craved it. And as he slipped beneath the band of her cotton lounge pants, she released another, higher, whimper. Before his fingers even grazed the top of her panties, she’d parted her legs, inviting him to give her that more intimate caress. To break her with his special brand of lust like he’d done before.

“Tell me something, hala,” he said, his deep voice like gravel wrapped in black silk. “Are you using me to forget about earlier?”

“Yes,” she confessed, too aroused to lie, to hide anything from him.

His mouth crashed over hers. “Good,” he rumbled against her lips. “I want you to use me. Let me take it away for you.”

Then his fingers dipped beneath her panties and plunged inside her.

A scream tore from her throat, and that one thrust of his thick finger pushed her so close to the edge of orgasm, she shuddered, damn near convulsed.

“Please,” she begged, shameless in her need.

“I got you,” he promised, and releasing her wrists, he shoved up her sweater far enough to latch onto her nipple, sucking it, drawing so hard and good, she, again, almost came.

But she fought it, wanting this to last. Digging her fingers into his dark hair, she gripped the strands, holding his head to her even as she rode his other hand. Her hips pumped hard against him, meeting his every stroke. He brought his thumb into play, sweeping the pad of it over her clit, and she cried out. Electrical pulses of pleasure struck her, centering on the top of her sex where he tormented with flicks and circles. But it was when the calloused tips of the two fingers inside her rubbed over the patch high up in her sex that she surrendered. Gave up the fight.

She threw herself into the orgasm that blasted through her, shattering her. Ronin murmured in her ear, but she couldn’t decipher the words, not when her world centered on the ecstasy gripping her body and shaking her like a rag doll.

He continued to finger-fuck her, gifting her with every bit of the pleasure, making sure she took it. Only when she whispered, “Please,” did he stop, withdrawing from her body. As she watched, thoroughly wrecked, he slid those fingers inside his mouth and sucked the evidence of her desire clean. Unbelievably, a spark of desire stirred within her.

She moaned, reaching for him, and he swooped her up in his arms. With passion still humming through her body, she rested against him. He carried her in the direction of the living room with the cathedral ceiling and wooden beams that she’d spotted earlier. Hell, she couldn’t speak. Could barely breathe.

Gently, he lowered her to the couch and cradled her on his lap. Then, with shock reverberating inside her, replacing the lassitude of lust, he pressed a kiss to her forehead and held her. She waited, half of her anticipating him continuing what they’d started in the foyer.

But he didn’t. And part of her cursed his chivalry.

But the other half was thankful.

Because if he’d laid her out on the cushions and pressed that big, beautiful body to hers, she wouldn’t have said no. They’d have had sex and made this complicated, messy situation even more complicated and messy.

As a bone-deep weariness weighed her down, lowering her eyelids, she blamed tonight’s lapse in judgement on her emotional state. Just as soon as she rested, got herself together, she would leave, get in her car, and press reset on this celibate, platonic, co-parenting relationship.

She had to reaffirm her resolve. Not make the mistake of becoming even more involved with Ronin. Nothing but heartache and pain lay down that pitted, well-traveled road. She’d make Ronin understand.

Tomorrow.





Chapter Ten


For the second time in as many days, Ronin stepped out of the elevator onto Bishop Enterprises’ executive floor sweating. Unlike Wednesday, dark hadn’t fallen yet on this Friday afternoon, and he had even more of a clear view of how far he would plummet if a cable snapped and he plunged to his death. Yippee.

Blowing out a breath, he stuck his trembling hands in his coat pockets and strode through the still buzzing office as if one of those gold plates had his name engraved on it. Unlikely, since he wore baggy track pants and a thermal shirt under his coat instead of a three-piece custom suit. And since he’d just come from practice instead of a meeting, but hey. His mother had taught him a long time ago, “Act like you do belong, and dare a motherfucker to say you don’t.” Okay, so he might’ve added the motherfucker. But the gist of the message didn’t change.

“Ronin Palamo?” a voice whispered from his right.

He glanced over at an older woman, who blinked at him from behind a secretary’s desk. Grinning, he saluted her and walked over, taking a few minutes to shake her hand and shoot the shit about football. By the time he continued on his way to Kim’s office, he left Gladys—the executive assistant to the Vice President of Operations, who had three grandkids and was about to retire in six months—with an autograph and a promise of five tickets to the Warriors’ next home game for her, her husband, and the grandkids.

Another lesson his mother had taught him: kindness doesn’t cost a thing.

But as he continued on to Kim’s office, he shored up his resolve for the reason why he was showing up here unannounced in front of God and country—or her business colleagues. He would undoubtedly face her wrath. Still, he faced down three-hundred-plus defensive lines for a living. He could handle one beautiful, five-foot-nine woman swimming in pregnancy hormones.

Probably.

Maybe.

Yeah, he was fucked.

But after two days of radio silence, and with the vivid, 3D images of Wednesday night constantly scrolling through his head like an erotic ticker tape, he didn’t care. She’d shown up on his doorstep ten o’clock at night, gray eyes swimming with shadows, more vulnerable than he’d ever seen her. She’d fallen asleep on his lap, and afterward, he’d followed her home, making sure she arrived safely. Kim undoubtedly believed she’d exposed a weakness to him, and he knew what her MO would be: freeze him out. Regroup and retreat. Well, he wasn’t allowing it.

In the dark hours, somewhere between jacking off to the vision of her coming apart around his fingers and falling asleep, he’d thought of a compromise that could satisfy her “co-parents only” rule and still gift each of them with multiple, I-just-saw-Jesus orgasms.

A no-strings, we’re-consenting-adults, let’s-have-hot-monkey-sex-while-we-can affair.

Yeah, he got that she didn’t want to be associated with him other than her baby’s father, and one who would show up every so often, visit their child, then leave. She hadn’t said those words exactly, but it was what she expected. And only time would prove to her that he wasn’t either of their fathers.

But one thing they did agree on was no relationships. She didn’t want one—at least not with him—and he had too much on his shoulders: his mother’s health, caring for his sisters, football, and now impending fatherhood. An ill-fated relationship would only tip the precarious plates he was juggling. Not to mention, he wasn’t a masochist.

Still…he’d never intentionally lied to himself, and his desire for Kim hadn’t abated but grown. Every time he laid eyes on her, touched her hair, breathed in her sweet scent… Yeah, he wanted her. Badly. And the other night, kissing her, having her sweet body squeeze the ever lovin’ hell outta his fingers, feeling her drench him… It was worse.

And she might deny it, but Kim wanted him, too. When she lowered that damn guard, she became a passionate woman who truly seemed to enjoy sex. Who was as hungry for it as he was. He’d proven he could give her that pleasure, that safe place to let go in the way she couldn’t—or wouldn’t—in her everyday life. He could satisfy that craving for both of them.

Coming out of a divorce, she’d been clear about her feelings on a relationship. Especially one with a football player. And he definitely had zero interest in one. Plus, her time in Seattle was temporary. He shied away from that thought, not ready to dwell on it. Still, it emphasized that any…thing between them would be as brief as her residence here. If they went into this with their eyes wide open, agreeing that their only permanent relationship would be as co-parents, he didn’t see the problem.

It was a safe option. For both of them. Because uncomplicated, hot sex was safe as long as they acknowledged what they wanted from each other. With a clear understanding and lines drawn. No expectations beyond what they set out.

Now if he could just get her to put aside her disdain for football players long enough to agree.

“Hey, Chelsea,” Ronin greeted the woman seated at the desk outside Kim’s closed office doors with a grin. He recognized her from the wedding expo.

And since her pretty face broke into a wide smile, apparently she’d identified him, too.

“Mr. Palamo,” she said, standing and extending her hand. “It’s nice to see you again.”

“You, too.” He shook her hand, discreetly pulling his away when she clasped it a little too long. “I’m here to see Kim. Is she free?”

“Let me check.” Blatant curiosity gleaming in her blue eyes, she tapped on her keyboard, then frowned. “I don’t see an appointment here for you. And she didn’t mention one to me.”

Ronin shook his head, tsking in mock disappointment. “I have a four thirty appointment with her,” he lied. “She forgot to tell you, didn’t she? And here I am to discuss reserving her hotel for my sister’s wedding reception.” He heaved an exaggerated sigh.

“Oh, of course. Yes, it must’ve skipped her mind, but she definitely wouldn’t want to miss the meeting. She’s free, though, so maybe she just didn’t relay it to me.” Smiling, she started to round the desk. “I’ll just go let her know—”

“Don’t bother, Chelsea. I got this.” He waved her back to her seat. “Like you said, she’s expecting me.” Giving her another wide grin, he strode forward, briefly knocked on the door, and then entered, shutting it behind him with a firm click.

Kim, seated behind her ruthlessly clean desk, glanced up, surprise in her wide eyes and parted lips. But as quick as a blink, the astonishment disappeared, replaced by…nothing.

“Ronin,” she stated in her cold-as-a-witch’s-tit voice. If she only knew how that particular tone only made him want to heat her up. “What are you doing here?” she demanded, standing.

“I…” He narrowed his gaze, soaking her in like a sponge left out in the heat of an Arizona summer for weeks.

Fuck.

Whatever he was about to say evaporated off his tongue. All he could do was stare at her. At the classy knot of hair on top of her head that showcased the elegant column of her neck. At the dark blue, sleeveless dress that should’ve been simple, but her badass body turned the clothing sexier than the skimpiest lingerie.

Images and impressions of two nights ago trampled through his mind. Her arms wrapped around his head, keeping his mouth pressed to her gorgeous breasts—breasts that were a little fuller than he remembered. The tiny whimpers and gasps she made as he sucked and lightly grazed her flesh with his teeth. The tight, smooth-as-glass, and strong as fucking Hercules clasp of her pussy around his fingers. The sultry, tangy taste of her that had become an instant addiction with one hit.

He wanted more of it all. Now.

Every thought—the proposal of an affair, facing her irritation—fled his brain. Every thought but one.

Sex on that desk.

Barely pausing to turn the lock on the doorknob, he strode forward, shrugging off his coat and letting it fall to the floor without stopping. Next, he reached behind him, grabbed a fistful of his shirt, and tugged it off. It, too, dropped to the floor.

“What—” She gasped, gaping at him, all of that icy reserve gone. “What the hell are you doing? You can’t…” Her protest trailed off, and her eyes widened as he rounded the desk. “Ronin…”

“What am I doing?” he growled, stalking closer. She slowly pivoted to face him, shock darkening her gaze. But he caught flickers of heat, of the same desire that surged and bubbled within him like a seething volcano. Satisfaction rumbled in his chest, rolling out of him. He didn’t stop moving forward until his chest brushed hers, his thighs caged hers in, and his dick found a soft place to land against her body. Planting his fists on either side her hips, he lowered his head until their mouths were only a breath apart. Each puff of air escaping her lips broke on his. “I’m going to put you on this neat desk of yours and get it—and you—messy. Then, I’m going to push this dress up, spread you wide, and eat you until you come long and hard. And after I have you soft and shivering, then I’m going to slowly work myself up in this tight, beautiful body and fuck you until you’re screaming my name. But don’t worry, hala,” he murmured. “I locked the door, and I’ll cover your mouth so no one outside this office will know you’re getting down and dirty with me.”

His cock thumped, in total agreement with this plan.

With an effort that had his fists tightening further, he straightened. “If you don’t want any of that, say so now. Because once I start…” He shook his head. “Walking away from you the other night damn near killed me. Doing it again would elect me for sainthood. And halos don’t go with this outfit.”

Only the heavy rasps of their breath echoed in the room. Lust glittered in those quicksilver eyes, but her body remained tensed, rigid, as if her head warred with her body. He didn’t have that problem. Both his brain and his cock were in full accord on this: they wanted her.

“Ronin,” she whispered.

“Yeah?” Say yes, damn it. Say yes and put me out of my crazy-ass misery.

“I want all of that.”

Thank. Fuck.

With a groan, he took her mouth, immediately losing himself in her taste, the carnal dance of their tongues. Damn, this woman knew how to kiss. How to give as good as she got. The mating of their mouths wasn’t sloppy; it was raw, wild, hungry as hell. Her fingers dove into his hair, clenching it, holding tight, and the tiny pricks on his scalp sent sizzling electrical pulses straight for his cock.

Slanting his head, he dove deeper, harder, needing for her to let even looser and get a little rougher with him. He uncurled his fists and gripped the hem of her dress, dragging the material up her legs. He lifted his head. The only reason he would break off that mind-screw of a kiss would be to catch the reveal of her pretty thighs and the prettier flesh between them.

“Goddamn, hala,” he rumbled.

Black, see-through lace “covered” her. He slipped a finger under the band and rubbed the thin material between his thumb and forefinger. Soft. Just like the sex it sheltered. And all he wanted to do was rip it from her. But even though lust pumped through him, and a floor full of employees worked on the other side of those office doors, he forced himself to slow down, savor this.

Showing a restraint he hadn’t believed himself capable of, he hooked the sides of the panties and drew them down her legs, lightly kicking them aside once they hit the floor. Fuck, her nearly bare folds already glistened with moisture, tempting him to forget his vow to ease the pace and bury his face between her thighs right now. He still remembered her taste on his fingers. And more than his next catch and touchdown, he wanted his mouth on her.

He reached around her, shoving her phone, papers, and a couple of binders to the side. Then, just as he’d promised, he hiked her up onto the desk. Spread her wide.

“So pretty,” he murmured, sliding a finger through her slit.

Her breath hitched, a shiver rippling through her, and he circled the entrance to her pussy. Unable to resist the lure of any part of him being clasped in that tight, hot yet wet embrace, he pushed a finger inside of her. Immediately, her smooth walls clenched and sucked at him, and he groaned. Burrowing his free hand beneath his pants, he gripped his cock, silently ordering himself not to fucking blow right then. Between the sight of his finger disappearing inside her body and the slick, silken feel of her hungry flesh, and his months of celibacy… Oh, hell yeah, he teetered right on the edge of embarrassing himself by coming all over his fist.

Inhaling and reining in the urge to climb on top of that desk, cover her, and pound away in the body that had been tormenting him since he’d walked out of that hotel room door, he withdrew from her, studying the gleaming evidence of her arousal coating his skin. Deliberately, he painted a circle on the inside of her thigh with his damp fingertip. Cupping her knee, he pressed it, opening her more to him. With a groan of pleasure, he went to his knees and put his mouth on that spot he’d decorated with her own cream. The combination of her desire and the flavor of her skin slid over his tongue, and he growled.

Long, feminine fingers tangled in his hair, tugging, and, when he gently bit her toned flesh, sucking it between his teeth, jerking. Hard. And fuck, he loved it.

Without his urging, she spread her legs wider, silently inviting him to take more, have more. He glanced up, and the sensual, erotic picture she made would’ve had him on his knees if he weren’t already there. There was no sign of the reserved, aloof woman who reigned over this office. She’d fallen back on the desk, propped up on one elbow. Her thick, dark lashes shadowed her skin, and slashes of dull red flagged her elegant cheekbones. With her full bottom lip captured by her teeth and her neat little dress shoved up around her waist, she was the epitome of sin and sex.

“I could eat you up,” he murmured against her skin, giving her thigh another long lick. Her muscles contracted under his lips, and her grip tightened on his hair. “Do you want me to, hala?”

“Yes,” she panted.

“Tell me,” he demanded, grazing her with the edge of his teeth. “Tell me exactly what you want me to do to you.”

“Put your mouth on me,” she said, a hint of command in her voice. “Do what you said. Eat me up.”

And here was the woman from the hotel room. Uninhibited. Sexual. A woman who took and demanded but gave and pleaded just as sweetly. Lust flared brighter, hotter inside him, leaping like the flames of an out-of-control bonfire. His dick throbbed, insisting—goddamn begging—to be inside her. He was on board with that, but first…

First, he had a promise to keep.

One hand on her lower stomach, and the other pinning her thigh down, he dragged his tongue through her folds. The taste of her—oh fuck the taste of her—seemed to snap loose the leash on his already shaky control, and he gorged on her.

He didn’t leave one part of her untouched by him. Her soft cries spurred him on as he released his hold on her leg and spread her sex open. He licked and sucked, losing himself in worshipping each part of her. Over and over, he stroked his tongue over her, pausing at the top to flick and curl around her clit. She writhed against his mouth, both hands clutching his head. For several moments, he let her ride his tongue, her frantic movements jerking and rubbing her flesh against him.

God, she was so damn sexy.

On a hoarse curse, he plunged two fingers deep inside her. A keening wail escaped her, and he surged to his feet, covering her mouth with his palm.

“Shh, hala,” he soothed, continuing to drive in and out of her core. Leaning down, he nipped her jaw and whispered in her ear, “Think you can be quieter for me? We wouldn’t want Chelsea knocking on the door. At least, not before you come a couple of times.” He pressed a kiss to her forehead. “You good?” he asked, peering down into her eyes, so dark and hazy with the pleasure he was giving her.

Her hot, rapid pants bathed his palm, but she nodded. Almost frantically. As if she would agree to anything, do anything as long as he didn’t stop. Only a natural disaster could prevent him from touching her. And even then, he might consider watching her beautiful gaze blank with orgasm enough reason to be counted a casualty.

Taking her at her word, he eased his hand away, pausing to mold and squeeze her breast. Even through the dress, her nipple beaded, and he rubbed it, pinched it.

“Again,” she rasped. Her hands dropped to her left side and tugged on a zipper. In short order, she had it lowered and the top of her dress shoved down. A bra that matched her underwear decorated her breasts, but he only had seconds to admire the contrast of the dark, sheer material against her caramel skin. With a pop of the front clasp, she freed her flesh. “Now,” she breathed, that same hint of command infiltrating her voice. She cupped herself, both hands supporting and offering herself to him.

Lust beat at him, hard and merciless. It raged in his cock, and he thrust a hand beneath his pants, fisting his cock so hard it bordered on pain. The bite pushed back the thick haze of arousal that had clouded his mind. Gave him back a measure of control. Only then did he release his dick and slide his palm up her torso, not stopping until her flesh filled his hand. Bending over her, he closed his lips around a dark brown nipple, sucking it hard, even as he teased the other tip. His tongue swirled and stroked, getting her good, wet, and hard. Just as her pussy got his fingers good and wet.

He switched to the other breast, keeping up a steady, driving pace in her sex. She bucked and arched, pressing her breast into his mouth and grinding against his fingers. True to her word, though, she muted her cries and whimpers. They remained low and hushed, and he loved those sounds as much as her screams. He’d intended to go slow, to draw this out, but her twisting undulations wouldn’t allow it.

Giving her nipple one last suck, he again dropped to his knees. Damn, she was soaked. Moisture gleamed all over her swollen sex, glistened on her inner thighs. With a growl, he licked it up, off her folds, her clit, her legs, his fingers. He couldn’t get enough of her.

Increasing the pace of his thrusts, he swept his tongue back and forth over her clit, teasing her, building the fire in her that burned like a furnace inside him. Her sex spasmed around his fingers, and he rubbed the smooth patch of skin high inside her, while tugging and suckling the pulsing bit of flesh in his mouth.

She stiffened, her walls clamping down on him. Then she shattered. A strangled groan filled the air as he continued to work her, making sure she enjoyed every last shiver and quake of her orgasm.

Only when her thighs eased open around his head did he stand. She stared up at him from her sprawl across her desk. Like a gorgeous, sexual pagan sacrifice. One he wanted to fall on and take again and again until they were both consumed.

He shoved his pants below his hips, freeing his cock, stroking it from root to tip. Her gaze dropped to the jacking motions of his hand and stayed there, as if transfixed. So he kept it up, even though he wanted inside her more than any gain of yards or championship ring.

Pushing off the desk, she sat and reached for him. But he blocked her hand, instead capturing it and placing an open-mouthed kiss to the palm. “No, hala,” he said, the effort of holding back, of having that soft strangled moan in his ears and not driving himself inside her already, straining the words. “I’m too close. And when I come, it’s going to be in you.”

She scooted forward and settled her hands on his abs, stroking them over skin that felt about two sizes too small over his body and sensitive as hell. Her hands stroked his shoulders and arms, tracing the tattoos before returning to his chest. Her nails raked his nipples, and he shook, pumping his dick harder. With a low murmur of words he didn’t catch, she caressed the small tips with sweeps of her thumbs.

“Kim,” he warned, clasping one wrist, and then the other, with his free hand. Shuddering, he bucked into his grip. “Look at me.” Pinching her chin, he tilted her head up. “Do we need a condom?”

She was already pregnant, and he was clean; he’d had a full physical before the season began. Plus, he’d never had sex without protection, not even with—

He leaped back from that thought and shut it down. There was only room for Kim and him here. Closing his eyes, he imagined the hot, wet suction of her body on his bare cock. He shuddered. Please, say no, he silently begged as those pretty gray eyes studied him.

“No,” she whispered.

“Thank fuck,” he growled. Not wasting another second, he notched the head of his cock at the entrance to her sex. Then he guided her arms around his neck. “Hold on to me,” he instructed, gripping her hips in his hands…and thrusting forward.

He stilled, clenching his jaw to scramble for the tatters of his control so he didn’t start plunging and bucking into her like some wild animal.

Bending his head over hers and pressing his face to her hair, he groaned. “Jesus, hala, your pussy.” It wrapped around him like a hot, wet, sucking mouth. Except being inside her was better than any blow jobs. Even hers. And God knows she’d gifted him with the best he’d ever had.

A shiver rippled through her, and his eyes damn near crossed as a corresponding quiver echoed in her sex. Carefully, deliberately, he slid free of her body until only the tip remained. Then, just as slowly, he pushed back in, savoring every drag of his cock over her sweet, firm flesh. Fuck, it was so goddamn good. It was a reward and torture. Euphoria and pain.

And he didn’t want to leave it. Ever.

Her lips parted over the base of his throat, her breath warm and sweet on his skin. She traced his collarbone, and the tip of her tongue might as well as have trailed over his dick. Cupping the back of her head, he tilted it back and crushed his mouth to hers. He swallowed every moan, whimper, and cry as he rode her, rocking into her, that laughable restraint melting under the blaze of the lust and passion between them. Their mouths crashed into each other, mimicking their bodies. He could smother the sensual, erotic sounds she loosed, but couldn’t do anything about the smack of their skin coming together. Or the suction of her soaked flesh releasing and welcoming his cock. All of it—the tight grip of her core, the rawness of their kiss, the erotic soundtrack of sex—pushed him closer and closer to orgasm.

Fingers of electricity danced up and down his spine, zipping down to the soles of his feet, and then back up to culminate in his balls. He wasn’t going to last. But he refused to come without her. Reaching between them, he stroked his thumb over her clit, rubbing until her nails pricked his scalp, and their kiss muffled her ecstatic cry.

Her sex locked down on his cock, milking him. He throbbed, managed a couple more strokes before tumbling right after her into a mind-scrambling, heart-seizing release.

Even as her flesh slowly relaxed around him, and his breathing eased into I-just-might-survive-it territory, shock slid through him. And in its wake crawled guilt and shame, thick and oily. Instead of the satisfied lassitude that should have loosened his muscles and calmed his mind, he stiffened, and a whirlwind of chaotic thoughts whipped in his head.

He’d just had sex with Kim.

Again. And unlike the other women he’d been with, she wasn’t nameless. With the others, it’d just been sex. As much of a douche as it made him, their faces were interchangeable. Because it’d been about the physical release, the moments of forgetfulness. But he’d come to this office to have sex with Kim. Not a woman whose name he couldn’t remember, or he wouldn’t see again as soon as the orgasm passed. But Kim didn’t stand out just because she was carrying his baby. He’d had dinner with her, had shared with her, had comforted her. That made her more than a random one-night stand.

And that felt like a betrayal to Grace, to her memory.

He’d kept sex surface-level for just that reason. Grace had been his one shot at a happily-ever-after. He didn’t deserve another; he hadn’t been able to take care of her, help her. To face that kind of failure and pain again? The thought of being responsible for someone again scared the shit out of him. He already had a baby on the way, and that still woke him up in cold sweats sometimes at night. But to add another person’s happiness, protection…life on the line?

Oh, fuck. Pressure the size of an anvil pressed down on his chest. Dragging his fingers through his hair, he murmured, “We shouldn’t have done that.”

She went rigid against him. And in that instant, he could’ve kicked his own ass.

“Kim,” he said, cupping her shoulders.

“You’re right.” She pushed at his chest, and interpreting her demand, he carefully withdrew from her. Immediately, he wanted to snatch her back to him and return to the warm, erotic embrace of her body. But the intensity of that need had him stumbling back a step and pulling up his track pants.

Rearranging her clothes, she didn’t face him until her dress covered her breasts once more, and the hem reached her knees.

“You’re right,” she repeated, her chin lifted. She appeared every inch the cool, unruffled executive even with her smeared lipstick, patches of lightly abraded skin on her jaw and neck from his beard, and untidied hair. “This was a mistake. One we won’t repeat.”

Before he could apologize, ask her to come back, agree—what-the fuck-ever—she strode across the room and opened another door, disappearing behind it.

How long he stood there, staring at that closed door, he didn’t know. But finally, with a low, growled curse, he grabbed his clothes, dressed, and left the office.

He’d fucked up, and he had no idea how to fix it.

Or if he even should.





Chapter Eleven


Ronin carried the tray with his lunch of a grilled chicken wrap, brown rice, and a side salad across the cafeteria. It was Monday morning, and his mood sucked. And he hadn’t required Dom to point that out to him while they lifted weights earlier. He was well aware that he was in need of an attitudinal adjustment.

He wished he could blame it on the loss to the Falcons the night before. That had been a tight game that his team should’ve won. But a couple of penalties and the offense failing to convert on third downs in the last quarter cost them the game. The Norman B. Rice Athletic Center, the Warriors’ practice complex, with its indoor and outdoor fields, training area, meeting rooms, and fully serviced and staffed cafeteria, was a great facility. But being here instead of at home, basking in Victory Monday because they’d pulled off a win, burned.

So, yeah, meetings and studying tape would’ve been a justifiable reason for his mood being as black as his sister’s fried pork chops. He shuddered. But he didn’t make a habit of lying to himself, and though this was one time he did indulge in delusion, he couldn’t. Because he couldn’t evict the real reason from his mind, no matter how hard he tried. And damn, he had tried over the last couple of days.

He hadn’t heard a word from Kim since Friday—not a call, a text, sky-writing. Not that he’d expected her to contact him. Not after how they’d parted. Still… It’d taken everything in him not to reach out himself. Just to check up on her. He’d pulled his phone out several times on the plane Saturday, and even more than that the night at the hotel.

But, at the last moment, he always put the cell down. He wanted to respect her obvious request for space. And he would be lying to himself if he didn’t admit he needed that same space.

As soon as he’d walked out of Kim’s office building, his mother had called. She’d been cheery, but he’d detected the shortness of breath and fatigue in her voice. While the surgery had been a success, she suffered side effects from the radiation treatments. His mother constantly nagged his sisters and him not to worry about her, but until the doctor gave her the all-clear, Ronin would continue to worry.

When he’d hung up, all his obligations had climbed on his shoulders and seemed to pile-drive him into the ground. Factor in a doomed-for-failure relationship with a woman who resented the hell out of his career—his passion—and it didn’t require a Ph.D. to realize crossing that line with Kim had been a bad idea. Yet, he couldn’t erase the memory of her moans, the feel of her twisting against him, under him…

Last night’s game had proven that he needed to get his shit together. He hadn’t sucked, but he’d come damn close. Maintaining one hundred percent focus on the game had been difficult. He couldn’t afford to mess up the one thing, the one place where he had control.

When his life went to shit after Grace died, he’d thrown himself into his career. Helplessly standing by like he was some fucking spectator as she died had stripped him of all his power, his sense of being master of his ship, his universe. He’d been shipwrecked. And football had been his only measure of restored order to his life.

In the last several months, especially with his mother’s illness, football had become his sanctuary. And because he couldn’t get his head out of his ass, he was threatening that haven.

“Hey, bruh,” Zeph greeted him, settling in the chair next to him with his own lunch. “Watching that game today was almost as brutal as playing it last night.” He shook his head. “That shit just doesn’t get easier.”

“When it does, we need to quit,” Ronin said.

“True that,” Zeph agreed, digging into his chicken and pasta.

“Did you hear the rumor?” Dom asked, plopping his tray down before sinking to the seat across from Ronin.

“Rumor?” Zeph arched an eyebrow. “What are you trying to do? Take over Ronin’s job as gossip whore?”

Ronin scowled. “I don’t gossip. I just hear things.”

“And spread ’em.” Dom patted Ronin’s hand. “Don’t worry, Ro-Ro. We still love you.”

Ronin flipped him off.

Dom snickered. “Sorry, big guy. You had your chance. Tenny’s got me on lockdown now.” He held up a hand, palm out. “I have news, damn it. Focus. So the rumor—I heard that we might get Dirty Harry in the off-season. Between the Giants’ salary cap and his off-field issues, they’re letting him go, and we might get him.”

Shit. Harrison “Dirty Harry” Wood was not just one of the best cornerbacks in the league; he was the best. But because of a bad attitude, a fist fight or two on and off the field, and an income that was the highest at his position, Ronin understood the Giants’ decision to trade him. Understood, but still considered it dumb as hell. You just didn’t get rid of a star player like Dirty Harry. But their loss and the Warriors’ gain. With Harrison Wood, their defense would dominate.

“Let’s hope that rumor is true. Dirty Harry,” Zeph said, shaking his head. “We would kick ass up and down that field.”

Dom nodded. “No shit.” The quarterback picked up his bottle of water and narrowed his eyes at Ronin. “In other news… What the fuck’s wrong with you?”

Ronin smothered a sigh and stalled answering by drinking from his water bottle. He should’ve seen this one coming. Whenever either of them was PMSing, he had zero problems calling it out. And usually, he didn’t have a problem sharing with them. Hell, Zeph and Dom had been the first two he’d told about his mom’s health. And one or both of them never left his side when Grace died.

But this was different. He couldn’t say anything about the pregnancy yet. Which meant he couldn’t go into his history and present with Kim. Not being able to confide in them—it weighed on him. But he’d made a promise. And he couldn’t break it. Especially to Kim.

So instead, he stuck a forkful of chicken wrap in his mouth and mumbled, “Nothing.”

“Is it your mom?” Dom asked, folding his arms on top of the table and leaning forward. “You know I’ve been there with my foster mom, man. There’s no shame in admitting you’re scared and it’s screwing with your head.”

Ronin clenched his jaw. And this was why he loved these two men like brothers.

He cleared his throat. “No, she’s good. The radiation treatments wear on her a little, but so far so good.” And it was a mantra he repeated to himself several times a day.

“Then this ‘nothing’ must be woman-related. C’mon, spill,” Dom waved a hand between the three of them. “This trust circle is a safe place, Ro-Ro.”

Ronin chucked a small Roma tomato at Dom, and it struck him on the forehead. “I can’t believe Tenny hasn’t poisoned you yet.”

Zeph snorted. “No deflecting. I remember a time not so long ago when you wouldn’t accept ‘nothing’ from me. I believe you told me that when my pecker is screwing with my head and, therefore, the team, then it’s definitely ‘something’ and your business. And then you called me a douche.”

“Nah, that was Dom,” Ronin corrected.

“Yeah, that was definitely me. He”—Dom waved his fork in Ronin’s direction—“told you to fuck Sophia out of your system.”

Oh, the irony.

“Right, right.” Zeph leaned back in his chair, locking his fingers behind his neck. He studied Ronin for several seconds through narrowed eyes. “So, your all-around mood fuckery have anything to do with where you disappeared to a few times last week?”

“And by ‘where you disappeared to,’ he means that friend of Renee’s. What’s her name? Kim?” Dom glanced at Zeph, who nodded. “Renee told us that she called for your number. Renee wanted to know if we knew anything about you two. And of course, we weren’t even aware there was a ‘you two.’”

“And you accuse me of gossiping,” Ronin muttered. Setting his fork down, he sighed. “Look—”

His phone vibrated against his leg, and he removed it from his shorts pocket, relief coursing through him. Conversation averted for the moment. He didn’t want to lie to them, but if that line of discussion continued, he would end up having to, even if just by omission.

He glanced down at the screen, half expecting to find one of his sister’s names there, but it wasn’t.

Hala.

He’d entered Kim’s number under his nickname for her in case anyone got into his phone. His heart started beating a little bit quicker, and he silently cursed the reaction. She was probably contacting him with the date and time for the sonogram or something else related to the baby…

“Hey,” he answered.

“Ronin.”

He stiffened, every muscle in his body locking down tight. Her voice—oh, fuck, her voice. Thick, gritty as sandpaper. Hoarse. As if she was crying. That slight increase of his pulse sped into full-out pounding.

“Kim,” he said, managing to conceal the worry crawling inside him from his tone. “What’s wrong?”

At his words, Dom and Zeph went on alert beside him. Their humor had disappeared, and they watched him, expressions intent, gazes laser-focused and sharp.

When she didn’t immediately respond, he tightened his grip on the phone. “Hala, talk to me. What’s going on?”

“I’m bleeding,” she whispered, and then a horrible sob echoed over the line. “I’m bleeding, Ronin. Oh God. I’m so scared…” Another choked sob, and he rose from the chair. Dom and Zeph followed suit.

“Where are you?” Jesus, how did he sound so calm when terror, dark and twisted, surged within him. Threatening to swallow him.

“I’m at home,” she rasped. “I wasn’t feeling well this morning, so I left work. I started to cramp and…and…” She began weeping. “Oh God, I can’t lose another baby…”

The words eviscerated him. The grief and fear shredded him. He’d known, but hearing her say it…

“Listen to me, hala. You and the baby are going to be fine. Hang up and call 911. Tell them to take you to UW Medical Center. I’m on my way. Okay?” He was already moving across the cafeteria, headed to the parking lot. The University of Washington Medical Center was only five minutes from her and about fifteen minutes from the practice facility.

“Okay,” she breathed. “Ronin?”

“Yeah, hala.” He burst through the complex doors, the cold November air blowing over his arms and legs, bared by a T-shirt and shorts. “I’m here.”

“I’m scared.”

“I know, but everything’s going to be fine. The baby is good. Now hang up and call 911. I’ll see you in a few minutes.”

“Okay.”

He waited until the call disconnected before shoving the phone back into his pocket and reaching for his—Fuck. His keys were in his coat. Which was in his locker.

“Dom’s coming with your coat and the rest of your stuff,” Zeph said from behind him, startling him. Shit, he hadn’t even realized the other man had followed him out. Zeph clapped Ronin on the shoulder. “I’ll tell Coach you had an emergency and where you are. And as soon as we’re out, we’ll be there. You going to be okay?”

Zeph didn’t ask him the obvious questions—Kim is pregnant? It’s yours? Why didn’t you tell us? What the fuck? And for that, Ronin was grateful. He could barely form a coherent thought, much less a sentence. His only concern was getting to the hospital.

To Kim.

“I don’t know,” Ronin answered honestly.

At that moment, Dom jogged up to them with all of Ronin’s gear. After opening his truck and throwing everything in the back seat, Ronin found himself jerked into one hard, quick embrace and then another.

“Get going,” Dom said, hitting the top of the truck as Ronin climbed into the front seat. “We’ll see you soon.”

With a nod, Ronin slammed the door, cranked the ignition, and pulled off.

And started doing something he hadn’t in at least two years.

Praying.





Chapter Twelve


“This really isn’t necessary,” Kim objected. “I can walk.”

Ronin’s arms tightened around her as he picked her up out of the passenger seat of his truck’s cab and lifted her against his chest.

“You could,” he agreed, hip-checking the door shut. He didn’t set her feet on the ground.

“I could also stay at my house,” she added.

“The doctor has you on bed rest for three days. At your place, there’s no one to take care of you. Or make sure you stay put.” He arched an eyebrow, a half smile quirking a corner of his mouth.

There’s no one to take care of you… The words both warmed her and left her a little cold inside. Warm, because he believed she should be cared for and volunteered to do it. Cold, because he was accurate. She didn’t have anyone out here. Her only family member in Seattle didn’t recognize her.

She rested her head on his shoulder. Her protests were automatic, what she felt she, as an independent, strong, I-can-take-care-of-myself woman, should say. But the truth… The truth was she didn’t want to move. After the miscarriage scare earlier in the day, the hours in the hospital, and the almost debilitating fear of losing her baby, she was past exhausted. Even walking from the driveway to the front door of his home seemed daunting.

But, at the moment, none of that mattered.

Not when she hadn’t lost the baby. The doctor had thrown terms and phrases at her such as cervical polyp, higher estrogen levels, and the increased number of blood vessels around the cervix. According to him, her recent gynecological exam or sex could’ve been the likely causes of the bleeding. She’d nodded through the explanations, but she’d grasped ahold of his one sentence: the baby is fine.

Oh God, the terror that had paralyzed her when she’d spotted the blood staining her underwear. She’d been whisked back to that awful day two years ago when she’d been so helpless, powerless as she hadn’t been able to do anything as her body rejected her child. She’d panicked, lost it. And in the midst of it, she’d called Ronin.

She would forever be thankful for his calm, comforting, but commanding presence. Especially over the phone. Only when he’d busted through the cubicle in the emergency room, his hair wild, his dark eyes even wilder, had she glimpsed the same worry and fright that had seized her. He’d remained by her side the entire time—through the exam, the waiting, and the sonogram where they’d seen for themselves that their baby was healthy and safe.

So sue her, but she didn’t want to be alone. Not tonight. Not after everything that had occurred today. Not when her emotions were still so raw.

Without her permission, her arms tightened around Ronin’s neck.

“I know I told you before, but your house is beautiful,” she murmured against his chest. And so are you. She didn’t voice that last part, but it resonated within her.

“Thanks.” He shifted the arm at her back and inserted the key he held into the front door lock. Seconds later, he entered, kicked the door closed and strode down a hallway.

She couldn’t help but remember the last time she’d been in his home. What he’d done to her against the very wall to their left. Or how he’d held her so gently in the living room he carried her past.

Ronin strode down a hallway, then paused in front of a door off the corridor, and with a quick twist, opened it and entered a room lit only by the limited reach of pale moonbeams through the huge windows. He moved easily, as if so familiar with his surroundings, he didn’t need the illumination. Moments later, her back met a wall of pillows and a firm mattress.

With a click, light flooded the room from a bedside lamp. The soft glow bathed his face, and she studied every sharp angle, hollow, and plane. God, even when she was this emotionally and physically weary, he sent a winding curl of warmth through her. The man was beautiful, and just so…male. At some point during the afternoon, he gathered his hair back into one of those “man buns.” Usually she rolled her eyes at this latest style for men, but on him, it wasn’t pretentious. Maybe because it was Ronin, it came off as more of an “I gotta get the hair off of me and out of my mouth and eyes” dilemma rather than a fashion statement. The bun and the beard together?

He was pure beauty and sex.

“What’s wrong?” he asked, arching an eyebrow.

She shook her head. “Nothing. I just…” Think you could hurt me more than my ex-husband. The silent confession jarred her, and she immediately smothered it under heaps of “You’re just emotional” and “That’s hormones talking” excuses. “Thank you,” she murmured. “For everything you’ve done today.”

“What did I tell you before, hala? Anything having to do with the baby, I’m here. There’s no need to thank me,” he said, striding across to the large armoire in the far corner of the room.

Of course, she mused, staring at his wide back. The baby. She’d needed that reminder, even if it’d slapped at her a little. But that was good, too. She needed that wake-up call before she started going down the tulip-lined path of “maybes.” Maybe he does care about you, and you’re more than sex to him. Maybe this could work. Maybe you need to give this thing a try.

Did she even want all that? No. Only heartache, more bitterness, and pain waited for her. And she didn’t have just herself this time around; she had a baby that would depend on her. No, she repeated to herself. She might be starting to believe Ronin when he claimed he would be there for their child. And he didn’t seem to possess the arrogance and selfishness that Matt had, but still… This had to remain a co-parent situation only. No more sex. No more sentimental what-if lapses.

Inhaling a deep breath, she shored up her resolve, forcing herself to remember the devastation Matt had wreaked in her life, so she wouldn’t foolishly repeat the mistake of trusting someone who lived his lifestyle again.

“Here you go.” Ronin closed the door of the big dresser and turned with a piece of clothing in his hand. “My sisters sometimes stay with me. Here’s a nightshirt for you. I’ll go start a shower for you if you feel up to it.”

“I do, thanks.” She swung her legs over the edge of the mattress. “But I’m good getting back and forth to the bathroom.”

His eyebrows arrowed into a frown, and his lips parted as if he were about to argue with her. But at the last second, he nodded. “Okay.”

Taking the offered gown, she headed to the slightly ajar door across the room.

“Kim?”

She paused on the threshold, glancing back over her shoulder at him. His hooded gaze made that curl of warmth flare bright and hot in her stomach.

“I’m going to be right out here if you need me.”

Nodding, she entered the bathroom and shut the door firmly behind her.

And tried not to dwell on the all-too-vulnerable piece of her that wanted to rely on that promise, when she knew all too well that promises were good for one thing.

Being broken.

…

The next morning, Kim washed her face and brushed her teeth then emerged from the bathroom, stretching. And feeling amazed. For the first time in weeks, she hadn’t offered up a sacrifice to the porcelain gods. She’d felt a bit of queasiness, but that’s it. Maybe the morning sickness was easing. Just in case, she better not tempt fate. Pulling on a pair of knee-high socks and a robe that Ronin had left for her on the foot of the bed, she returned to the bathroom, looked in the mirror and sighed.

Last night, after her shower, she’d been too tired to do anything with her hair, so she’d just towel-dried it and gone to bed. This morning, her natural curls and waves had taken full control. Brushing her hair would only result in the Macy Grey look, which was great for Macy, but only made her resemble a poodle. Too hungry to use the blow dryer on the sink counter, she wet her hands and dragged them through her curls. After finger-combing them, she shrugged. At least she no longer looked like she could win Best in Show.

She quickly washed her face and brushed her teeth with the new toothbrush beside the blow dryer. Ronin had really thought of everything.

Or else he has new toothbrushes on hand for the overnight guests he probably brings to his house all the time.

The flash of razor-tipped jealousy caught her by surprise. She blinked at her reflection. It wasn’t her business who he entertained or didn’t. And she didn’t care.

Un-huh. Keep telling yourself that, sweetheart. And I bet there’s a herd of unicorns prancing around in those woods out back.

Wow. Her subconscious was real bitchy this morning.

Releasing another sigh, she left the bathroom and headed across the bedroom. A hard knock reverberated against the door before it swung open, and Ronin appeared with a tray in his hands.

This morning, his long hair fell over his shoulders again, his beard thick and full. A vintage Thundercats T-shirt clung to his broad shoulders and chest, while another pair of faded jeans fell over his lean hips and hugged his powerful thighs. His bare toes peeked from beneath the tattered hem.

She tried not to stare; she really did give it a valiant try. But damn, the man rocked the lumbersexual look like he’d invented it. Especially the sexual part. After her ordeal yesterday, she really shouldn’t be thinking about his hard, hot, half-naked body pressed to hers. Or his large hands gripping her hips as he drove his cock into her over and over again. Her wayward mind was the reason why she hadn’t contacted him in days before yesterday. How could she look at him and not conjure images of him fucking her on her office desk? There had to be a way, but apparently, she hadn’t discovered it yet, because here she stood. Imagining.

It was official. She was a ho.

His eyes narrowed at her. “What are you doing out of bed?” he asked in that low, gravel-roughened voice that never failed to vibrate through her.

“I was going to get a quick glass of water,” she said. “I didn’t want to bother you.”

“Bed rest, hala.” He nodded in the direction of the aforementioned furniture. “I told you I’d take care of you. Including a drink.”

Rolling her eyes, she turned, but was unable to prevent the small smile curving her mouth. When was the last time someone had taken care of her? Matt had expected that to be her role, even though she’d worked as hard as he did. Alex probably would’ve, if she’d let him. But then again, her brother wasn’t the…nursemaid type. Well, in the past, he hadn’t been. Now, with his wife and daughter, things had changed. Still, being catered to was foreign, and while a bit uncomfortable, it was also…nice.

She climbed back under the covers, and Ronin set the tray of food on her lap. The delicious aroma teased her nose, and her stomach growled in a “Feed me!” complaint.

Ronin grinned. “Tea, toast with apple butter, turkey bacon, and banana rice pancakes.” He bowed. “You can worship my culinary prowess now.”

Snorting, she picked up her fork. “You’re a god,” she drawled.

He sighed. “It’s a curse, hala, but you’re right.” Laughing, he dropped into a big, overstuffed armchair that flanked the bed. “Tell me how the pancakes taste. I promised my mom I’d call and let her know how you like them. It’s her recipe.”

She paused, the cup of tea halfway to her mouth. “You told your mother about the baby?”

“Yeah,” he said, eyes solemn. “I had to. When you called me, Dom and Zeph overheard. If they knew, I couldn’t not tell her. I didn’t want her to find out from anyone else but me.”

Shame balled in her chest, a tight knot. It’d been selfish of her to request he not tell his family when they were all so close. She could only imagine how difficult that had been for him, but he’d acquiesced without questions.

“I—” She swallowed. Lifting her cup, she sipped the tea, needing to dampen her suddenly dry mouth. “I’m sorry for asking you to keep quiet about that. I-I had a miscarriage a couple of years ago. At sixteen weeks. I was being superstitious, I know, but I was afraid. Once I made it past that mark…” Her voice trailed off, her gaze fixed to the plate of food.

“I guessed it was something like that,” he said. She jerked her head up, meeting his dark eyes. “And there’s no reason to apologize. My mother suffered a miscarriage before she had my youngest sister. She was a little superstitious and cautious, too.” He smiled, stretching his arm out and stroking her hair in a caress that was becoming familiar to her. “She’s happy as hell, by the way. She said to tell you she’s going to burn a candle for you at Mass.”

She cocked her head to the side, surprised. “I didn’t know you were Catholic.”

Ronin snickered, snatching a piece of turkey bacon off her plate. “I’m not. And neither is she. In her words, she’s ‘trying Catholicism on for size.’”

Kim blinked. “Uh. I don’t think you can do that… Can she?”

He shrugged. “Who knows? In the last several months, my mother has been a Buddhist, a Catholic, and a Baptist. Last Friday when I drove up to the house, I saw a book on Hinduism on the kitchen table.” He smiled, but it carried a bit of sadness. “Mom found out she had stage two breast cancer in late July.”

Her stomach dipped and rolled as she shifted the tray over and reached for him. He met her halfway, his hand enclosing around hers. His love for his mother and sisters was more than obvious in the way he spoke and joked about them. And from what he’d shared with her that night in her office, his mom raised him by herself. To lose her… She squeezed his fingers.

“I’m so sorry, Ronin,” she whispered.

He lifted her hand and pressed a kiss to the backs of her knuckles. “Eat.” He dipped his head in the direction of her tray, then released her. Part of her wanted to hold him, offer the same comfort he so selflessly offered her, but he watched her, arms crossed, waiting until she returned her attention to the tray. Only when she bit into the toast did he continue. “She’s doing better now. Between the chemo and surgery, the doctors believe she beat it. But it’s been tough. I believe experimenting with all these different religions has been one way of her coping.” He snorted. “Hana says she’s covering her bases.”

Kim choked on her toast, coughing. “Okay, that’s awful.” And she could easily envision the petite fireball of a woman she’d met at the expo saying that. “I think it’s wonderful that you’re so close to your family. You told me your father walked out on you as a child, but it sounds like your mother more than made up for him.” She frowned, staring at the slice of bread. Sometimes it was for the best…

“You’re thinking of the asshat who came to your office the other night?”

She jerked her head up, blinking at him. Asshat. The corner of her mouth tilted up. The description was pretty accurate. “Actually, yes,” she admitted.

He snorted. “How did you end up working with him, anyway? That can’t be comfortable.”

She lifted a shoulder in a half shrug. “Usually, it’s not an issue. My brother hired me, of course. Malcolm—my father—is based in the New York offices of Bishop Enterprises, and I was in Boston. He’s here in Seattle of his own accord to make sure I don’t fuck up the rebranding of the Grand, which was originally his acquisition for the company. I imagine it’s sticking him in a couple of uncomfortable places that I’m the one handling it. Especially since he’s convinced I only have my job because of nepotism.”

Ronin grunted, shaking his head. “Like I said. Asshat,” he growled.

Chuckling, and warmed by his show of support for her, she tried the pancakes and moaned, closing her eyes at the sweet flavor. “Oh my God, these are delicious.” She lifted her lashes and glanced at him. “Tell your—”

The words died on her tongue, her throat closing. Ronin stared at her mouth, an expression of such hunger on his face, her heart thumped in her throat, and desire snapped to life inside her.

“Ronin,” she whispered.

His hooded gaze shifted to meet hers, and she released a trembling breath, unable to say more.

“I forgot to get you a napkin. Be right back,” he rumbled, standing and striding from the room.

She could do nothing but stare after him, shocked by the heat in his eyes and the sweep of arousal it ignited in her. For a crazy moment, she’d wanted to flip back the covers and invite him in next to her—inside her. Christ, the man was dangerous not just to her libido, but to her resolve. Ronin made her want so much. She was here because of the baby. Because they had a vested interest in the child she carried. Not because of an insane attraction that generated enough heat to make the Chicago Fire of 1871 look like a campfire.

Oh damn.

You in trouble, girl.

Pinching her nose, she agreed with her subconscious for once.

Oh yeah, she was in trouble.

…

“You hustled me.” Ronin scowled, pointing the PS4 video game controller in Kim’s direction. “Swindler,” he accused, covering his laughter with a darker glare.

She shrugged, a smile tugging at her mouth. “Don’t blame me because you lost. I told you not to set your sentry gun up in the open,” she reminded him in a sing-song voice. “I also warned you Call of Duty was my game.”

“No,” he countered. “You said you liked Call of Duty. Not that you could kick ass in it.”

She grinned, and Ronin covered the tug in his gut at the sight of the big, carefree smile on her beautiful face with a snort. He rose from his chair, taking her controller and shutting off the game. In the last few hours, he’d discovered several things about Kim that he hadn’t known before. She sucked at poker, was a video game savant, and had the curliest, sexiest natural curls that God had ever gifted a woman.

The sight of them had shocked him when he’d walked into her bedro—the guest bedroom earlier. Every time he’d seen her, the dark strands had been straight, sleek. Now they were wild, untamed. And fuck if he didn’t love them. They reflected the woman from the hotel room. The uninhibited woman who fucked on her office desk. The vulnerable woman who allowed him to carry her, care for her.

There were two sides of Kim Matlock: the cool, controlled reserved businesswoman. And the one who had sex like she played video games—no holds barred, take no prisoners.

Wait. He took that back. There was also the soft, sensitive woman who had fears, insecurities, and hurts.

And all three sides fascinated him.

All of them hardened his cock to the point of pain.

All of them scared the hell out of him.

This…connection to her… He could so easily place it on the shoulders of the child they created. But the woman… Fuck, she drew him. Fascinated him. And the guilt of enjoying it—wanting it—sat so heavily on his chest, sometimes he couldn’t inhale a breath without tasting the bitterness of disloyalty and betrayal. It was ridiculous; the logical side of his brain argued that Grace wouldn’t begrudge him this—the baby, the slices of happiness. But his heart…

Damn it, he needed to fall back. But, goddamn, with Kim lying in bed, those fuck-me curls surrounding her lovely face and tumbling around her slim shoulders…

St. Ronin, patron saint of blue balls. That was him.

“What do you want to do now?” he asked, mentally patting himself on the back when the strain of masochism didn’t enter his voice. “Movies?”

“That sounds good,” she agreed, and from behind him, he caught the rustling of covers.

He swallowed a groan. Everything she did reminded him of sex. Using the control, he switched the TV to Netflix. When he turned back around, she’d moved over in the bed, leaving a space for him beside her.

Hell. She wanted to kill him.

I got this. I’m fucking twenty-eight years old. I’m a man.

Gritting his teeth, he settled on the bed, and her sweet, citrusy scent immediately teased him, taunted him. His “I’m a man,” speech meant shit in that moment. Not when he wanted to swan dive into that siren’s fragrance and lick it off her skin.

“Since it’s close to Christmas, how about a holiday movie?” she suggested.

“Close to Christmas?” he scoffed. “Please tell me you’re not one of those people who completely skip Thanksgiving.”

“No, but tell me a famous Thanksgiving movie, and we can watch one.”

Okay, so score one for her. Speaking of Thanksgiving, what was she doing for the holiday? She didn’t have family here and, other than Renee, no close friends. Maybe she’d want to join his family… He shut down the train of thought. That was one of those personal lines he couldn’t cross. Especially since Grace’s family tended to join his on the holidays. How would they feel about him having a baby with another woman when it’d been their dream to have a grandchild of their own? Would they be happy for him? God, he hoped so.

“I’m taking your silence as a concession to my point,” she drawled, snatching him out of his thoughts. “So what’ll it be? What’s your favorite movie?”

He crossed his arms over his chest. “I’d rather not answer on the grounds that I might have to check in my Man Card.”

“Ooh.” She rolled onto her hip, gaze light with laughter. “Do tell.”

He sighed, tipping his head back and frowning at the ceiling, and mumbled the answer.

“What? Care to repeat that? I left my grumble-to-English dictionary back at the apartment.”

“Smart ass. Fine.” He lifted his head and glared at her, daring her, beforehand, to laugh. “Love Actually.”

She shrugged. “I’ve never seen it.”

He gasped. Yeah, he did. Her admission was gasp-worthy. “Who hasn’t seen Love Actually? Is that rock you live under comfy?”

“It’s a rom-com, right? I don’t really care for romantic comedies.” She gave another little shrug.

“It’s more than that. It’s connection, forgiveness, love, fate, serendipity… What?” He stared at her wide-eyed gaze. “Shaddup.” He threw up his hands. “Well, let me have it. What’s your favorite holiday movie?”

“That’s easy. Die Hard 2,” she declared. “And yes, it is a Christmas movie.”

Rolling his eyes, he muttered, “Why am I not surprised?” He aimed the remote at the TV screen. “We’ll watch your pick first, then mine.”

Hours later, as the credits for Love Actually rolled, he turned to her, waiting for her to praise one of the best movies of all time.

“Well?” he prodded when she remained quiet.

“Umm.” She scrunched up her nose. “The porn couple was cute.”

“Porn c—” He snapped. “They were body doubles, not porn stars. Seriously?” he demanded. “That’s all you liked about it?”

“Now ‘like’ is a stretch.” She did that scrunchy thing with her nose again. “Okay, how is it romantic that the guy is hitting on his best friend’s wife? And if I was Karen, I would’ve slapped the shit out of Harry with that Joni Mitchell CD; I don’t care if he was Alan Rickman. God rest his soul. And yeah, I wasn’t buying the British guy shacking up with the three American women just because of his accent. That was a bit of a stretch.”

Ronin gaped at her. For several moments, he was speechless. Utterly speechless.

“How does it feel?” he finally asked, cocking his head to the side.

“How does what feel?” she repeated.

“When your heart grows three sizes? I’ve always wondered. Does it hurt or just tingle?”

Her face blanked, then she tossed back her head and burst into laughter at his reference to the Grinch. It was the first time he’d heard her laugh, and the delighted sound echoed in the room. Delighted and…horrible. Like a cackle. Of a dying dingo.

He grinned. It was terrible and adorable.

“I have a heart. Take John McClane, for example. He blew up a plane full of mercenaries and fired up a runway to save his wife’s life. That’s true love.” She arched an eyebrow.

Damn it, he hated when she was right.

Time to fight dirty. He jumped off the bed, rounded it, and knelt at her side, placing his palms across her slightly rounded stomach. The almost imperceptible bump sent a thrill through him. As did touching her again.

Kim started, sitting straight up on the mattress, but he gently shushed her, bending his head over her.

“Shh. This is a conversation between Peanut and me.” It would be several more weeks before Kim felt the baby move, but he’d read on several sites that babies could hear and recognize their parents’ voices. Maybe not this early, but he liked the thought of it. “This is your dad. Your mom and I can’t wait until you get here, but you have to hang in there and grow before then, so don’t give her a lot of trouble, okay? Except when she says crazy things like insulting my movie choices and T-shirt collection. Here’s a promise: you stay healthy and happy in there, and when you’re finally here, we’ll wear matching Transformers T-shirts to the strawberry festival where I grew up. You’re going to love it. And we love you.”

He pressed a kiss to Kim’s belly then leaned back, glancing up. She stared down at him, her dove gray eyes glistening with tears. Well, shit. Making her cry hadn’t been in his game plan. But damn, those eyes were going to break him. So lovely, so much emotion. Just. So much.

Rising, he sat on the mattress and pulled her into his arms, onto his lap, and held her, brushing his lips across the top of her head. Jesus, she made him feel. And he didn’t know how to handle it, what to do with it. So he did what came naturally…

“Don’t worry, hala,” he murmured. “I’ll get you a Transformers shirt, too.”

As her muffled chuckle reached his ears, the vise around his chest loosened.

Laughter, he could deal with. The fist squeezing his heart?

Not so much.





Chapter Thirteen


Kim ended yet another call, her fifth that morning, and it was only eleven.

She fell back against her desk chair with a sigh. Three days out of the office, and the work had piled up. She’d returned to the office Friday, but it was Tuesday of the following week, and she was still firmly in make-up mode. On the second day of her bedrest, before he’d headed to practice, Ronin had gone by her apartment and picked up her laptop for her. So she’d been able to answer emails and do some work remotely. But she’d had visitors, as well. Renee, who’d alternated between browbeating her about keeping the pregnancy a secret and crying because she was happy for her and Ronin, and the other two women she’d met at Doyle’s, Sophia and Tennyson.

The two women had been extremely friendly, and she’d enjoyed spending time with them. Especially since Sophia brought along her eighties movie collection. The woman had great taste. Other than Morgan and Renee, Kim hadn’t experienced too many friendships with women. She’d traveled with her mother when she was younger, so by the time she’d settled down in Chicago, Kim had been shy and awkward when it came to being social. And the WAGs world had been as cutthroat and competitive as the game their husbands and boyfriends played. So talking and laughing with the three women had been novel and fun.

Then, when Ronin returned home in the evenings, they’d eaten dinner together, watched movies, played video games, and talked. God, did they talk. She’d learned more about his childhood growing up on Vashon Island, the only son in a family of women. He’d talked about his circle of friends here, including how the rift and animosity between Renee and Jason hurt him. She’d confided more about having a supermodel for a mother, Kim’s relationship with Alex, and how he’d met Morgan.

The three days had been almost idyllic, a pocket of time for her. Or rather, out of time. Of course, it couldn’t last. Reality called, and both of them had to answer. She’d returned to work and her apartment, and he’d had practice and game day. Though the team played at home, they had to report to the local hotel on Saturday, where they stayed on evenings before game day. She and Ronin had remained in contact through texts and calls, but she’d forced herself to place it all in perspective. Her time with Ronin, staying in his home, laughing with him, talking with him—she couldn’t willingly fool herself into not remembering why she was in Seattle in the first place.

To recover because her marriage had ended due to an unfaithful husband who loved the lifestyle that came with football more than her.

To focus on her career with the company her half brother had inherited, and to prove to an absentee father that she could turn around and save the hotels that were his pet project. Then he would finally have to admit she was damn good at her job and not just the unqualified recipient of nepotism.

To forget that she was once so broken, so devastated, so…weak. And to never be that woman again.

Ronin threatened all those goals. No, she couldn’t cut him out of her life because of the baby. But she also didn’t have to fall for him. She wouldn’t fall for him.

Yet, maybe, just maybe, she would trust him. He’d proven that he would be there for her, especially these past few days. While she could never give him her heart, she could start with believing in him. Which was more than she’d believed herself capable of.

Even as she thought that, memories of him murmuring against her stomach, talking to the baby, flirted with her mind. She pressed a palm to her chest, over her heart. Watching him, hearing the tenderness in that low, deep voice had caused cracks to zig-zag over the shield barricading her heart. Cracks that she feared would break further into fissures and holes.

Releasing another sigh, Kim stretched and stood. Now that she was back in the office, she had to focus on work. The staff and her colleagues had seemed to accept the flu excuse, but she couldn’t afford to appear as if she were slacking off. She had less than a year left on this project, and though they’d made a great start, they still had a way to go.

Less than a year…

A sharp twinge spasmed in her chest. In months, she would leave Seattle and Renee, and the people she’d come to think of as friends…and Ronin. She shook her head. Her sojourn here had never been planned as a permanent move. And even though circumstances had changed—such as getting pregnant by a man who lived here—back East was her home. She’d once molded her life—molded herself—around a man and his job and needs. She refused to do that again. They would work it out. Somehow.

A hard, quick rap on her office door was her only warning before it opened. Irritation at the rudeness and the interruption surged within her, but when she glimpsed who strode into her office, she shoved the emotions down and paved them over with a layer of thick ice. One of Malcolm Bishop’s tools-in-trade was rudeness. It derived from the arrogance that he wore like one of his perfectly tailored Armani suits. As the one-time CEO of Bishop Enterprises, and father of the current one, he behaved as if he owned the world. And everyone who had the benefit of existing in it should bow down and thank him.

Including the daughter he didn’t recognize or claim.

“Kimberly,” he stated, lowering himself into the visitor’s chair in front of her desk.

“Malcolm,” she replied, her tone as cold and impersonal as his. “I wasn’t aware we had an appointment scheduled for this morning.”

A bite of frost entered the gray eyes he’d bequeathed to her—probably to his utter disgust. “If I wanted to schedule a meeting, I wouldn’t have been able to find you in the office, would I?” He delivered the pointed dig at her absence, and it struck home. “Just because my son has a misplaced and misguided sense of loyalty toward you doesn’t mean you can take advantage of this position. You were sent here to work, not vacation and”—he paused, a slight sneer tilting his hard mouth—“play.”

Fury flared hot and bright in her, damn near burning her alive. She interpreted that “play” just as he’d intended. He referred to Ronin, and the evening they’d had dinner in her office. Platonic, except for that kiss. But that Malcolm would insinuate that she wasn’t doing her job, when she’d been busting her ass on it, enraged her.

Part of her wanted to yell at him that she’d been out of the office for most of last week because of her pregnancy with his grandchild. But that would’ve been pointless. If he didn’t recognize her as his daughter, he damn sure wouldn’t care about a grandchild.

“Since I haven’t been vacationing or playing, I won’t dignify that with a response. And I apologize if my recent illness has inconvenienced you. What did you need to see me about?” If she just got him to cut to the chase, then he would leave her office sooner. Meaning there was less chance of him detecting how his presence affected her.

“Never mind now. I handled it.” He plucked an imaginary piece of lint off his perfectly clean and straight pant leg. Maybe she’d inherited her neat freak gene from him along with her eye color. God forbid anything else. “I increased the advertising budget to place a full-page ad for the next six months in a local financial magazine. There’s a business convention for area investment companies next year, and the Grand would be an ideal place to hold it.”

Stay calm. Stay calm. Don’t give him the satisfaction of seeing you angry.

She inhaled a deep, silent breath, struggling and finally grabbing a hold of her temper by the flimsiest of threads.

“Malcolm,” she stated flatly, when inside she seethed. Fucking seethed at the blatant disrespect. “You should have waited until we spoke. Our budget has allotted for advertisement space targeting the corporate demographic. We have also offered discounts to local businesses for booking their events with us. But we have agreed and settled that our primary focus for the Grand is on the women-centric organizations as well as on bridal events. If you had conferred with me, I could’ve shown you how this switch in targeting has already resulted in an increase in reservations, bookings, and publicity.” Of course, he possessed that information. She’d made sure he received it.

“I haven’t seen anything significant,” he lied. “And as this is the chain I brought on and have been intricately and personally involved in from the beginning, I know the business better than you. And I never agreed with this direction in the first place. So I made a sound financial decision. You wouldn’t understand that aspect of it.”

His derision was crystal clear. He’d never respected her, her talent, or her position as Vice-President. Resented, yes, never respected.

What have I done to offend you so badly? What have I ever done to you except exist?

The voice in her head that sounded suspiciously like a little girl’s echoed not just in her head but her chest. Squeezed her heart. Kim curled her fingers into tight fists on her lap. Thank God, the desk hid the tell-tale sign of her anger and hurt.

“Since canceling the ad would only bring negative reprisal and hurt our reputation, I’ll let it stand. But from this point on, please do not change anything on the budget or make unilateral decisions without discussing them with me first. Yes, you’ve been with the hotel chain since its inception, but I’m the Vice-President of Public Relations, and this is my field of expertise.”

“I’ll do as I see fit and what is best for the hotel and the company,” he said. Smirking, he cocked his head to the side. “What do you intend to do? Run to Alex and tattle on me?” The smirk deepened. “I ran this company, and now my son does. Your vice-presidency was a gift, a show of guilt or rebellion by Alex—I’ve never been able to decide which one. But you cannot tell me what to do with my birthright, my family’s business.”

My family. God, did he love to twist the knife when he could get away with it. She stared into the face of the man who’d wanted to terminate Kim’s life before she was even born. On instinct, she pressed her hand to her stomach, as if reassuring the tiny life there that he or she wouldn’t suffer the same fate.

“Regardless of what you believe about my job and how I earned it, I am a vice president. And I don’t need to run to Alex to defend me or my decisions. But I can submit—and have submitted—my proposal and updates to the board at every step of the process these last few months. Numbers don’t lie. And I’m certain the board would be displeased by the news that offhand and impulsive decisions are costing them money. So if you interfere one more time, I will request a special board meeting and have them decide whether you should”—she paused—“do as you see fit.”

Red mottled Malcolm’s fair skin in a rare display of fury. Satisfaction should’ve filled her, should’ve been brimming over. But instead, she felt…nothing. No, that wasn’t true. The hurt stabbed so deep, her soul reacted as it always did with Malcolm—by going numb, so she couldn’t suffer the pain of his rejection.

Slowly, he rose, his furious gaze wintry and frigid. “My son might have a guilt complex when it comes to you, but I don’t. You don’t deserve to be here, and you don’t deserve his loyalty. And most importantly, you don’t belong in my family.”

Pivoting sharply, he exited the office, leaving a heavy, depressing silence behind. Only the sound of her harsh gasps penetrated the weighty quiet. His words had struck her like well-aimed bullets, drawing emotional blood and leaving behind gaping wounds. As if she could staunch the flow, she splayed a hand over her chest and another over her stomach.

Each word had hit where her deepest insecurities lay buried. Not belonging. Not being good enough. Not being enough. The two men in her life who were supposed to love her most—one by blood, the other by marriage—had abandoned and betrayed her. And she was the common denominator. What was so wrong with her that they couldn’t love her?

Stop it! Stop it now.

She closed her eyes and grasped a hold of that sharp, commanding voice. She couldn’t spiral into that particular dark abyss. Not now. And definitely not here.

Shuddering, she focused on the memo on her computer screen, deliberately driving everything else from her mind. Work. It’d provided an escape through the divorce, and it would be her savior now. She had a doctor’s appointment later that afternoon and had to cover as much as she could before leaving for the day.

Hours later, physically and emotionally exhausted, she pulled into the parking lot of the medical complex. The hospital had set up a follow-up visit with her OB-GYN, and it was scheduled for three o’clock. She stepped out of the car, locking it behind her. Removing her cell from her purse, she checked the time: 2:40. Ronin had told her he’d meet her here, but she still had some time before the appointment. As she crossed the lot, her phone pinged with a text notification.

Probably Ronin. She glanced down at the screen again and froze mid-step. Her skin prickled, followed by a rush of anger. First Malcolm, and now Matt. Damn, could she catch a break? Fate must have a hit out on her.

Staring down at the notification with her ex’s name on it, she read the simple message: Call me, please. Shaking her head, she stuffed the phone back in her purse. No. Especially not today. She couldn’t allow him or Malcolm to taint any more of her day.

She entered the building and sat in one of the chairs in the lobby, waiting for Ronin to arrive. Ten minutes passed. Then five more. Then another five. And another.

No Ronin.

No call. No text.

Pushing to her feet, she strode to the elevator. After jabbing the button, she glanced over her shoulder toward the glass doors. Waiting—hoping—to see him in the parking lot, walking toward the building. But no sign of him.

An ache settled in her sternum, pulsing bright and warm. Frustration, disappointment, and hurt coalesced around it. And anger—anger at herself for lowering her defenses to trust him to keep his word. Anger at herself for starting to depend on someone other than herself.

This is good, she assured herself. Good that it happened now instead of later when the dependence and trust would’ve been more deeply entrenched. Today, of all days, she’d needed the reminder that she was responsible for herself, her career, and this baby. In months, she would be back in Boston, a single mother, her child relying on her for all of his or her needs. Better she get used to Ronin being only a part-time father, more absent than present, now.

As the elevator opened and she stepped in, she stared at her reflection in the mirrored walls. She had one focus, one priority. And one loyalty.

Her child.

Best she remember that.





Chapter Fourteen


Fuck.

Fuck, fuck, fuck.

The litany ran through Ronin’s head like a fervent vow.

He’d screwed up. Bad.

Instead of showing up at the doctor’s appointment like he’d promised Kim, he’d been in a meeting with his coach and several members of the head office staff, including Renee. Which was one point in his favor just in case he needed someone to verify that he hadn’t just blown off the appointment.

Not that he doubted it would matter much to Kim. Wary because of her past, she wasn’t the most trusting person. Even less with a football player who didn’t keep his word.

Tunneling his fingers through his hair as he approached her apartment building, he heaved a heavy sigh. Just appearing at her apartment smacked of stalker behavior, but when he’d finally arrived at the medical building, she’d already left. And he’d tried to call her, but she hadn’t answered her phone. Since he’d checked with her office, he knew she hadn’t returned to work, so he’d headed here.

He probably should’ve waited before coming; he was reeling. That meeting had unearthed memories and emotions—no, that wasn’t entirely true. Because in order for them to be unearthed, they would’ve had to have been buried.

And nothing pertaining to Grace was six feet under.

As he’d sat at the conference table at the facility, he struggled to keep it together rather than shoving back in that expensive leather chair and storming from the room.

With a wave to Keith, the security guard, he impatiently waited for the elevator. Pain, grief, and anger swirled inside him, a turbulent, dark, muddy mish-mash of emotions. He braced himself against the surge and swell of them.

Moments later, he stepped out onto Kim’s floor and damn near stumbled down the hallway, his body lurching more than walking. A huge, ham-sized fist squeezed his chest, his lungs aching, throbbing with the limited supply of air moving in and out of them. By sheer will, he raised a hand and knocked on Kim’s door.

Seconds, maybe minutes, passed before it opened.

Kim stood in the doorway, staring up at him with that impassive expression that by now he recognized as a shield, protection. His normal MO would be to say something glib, funny. But his own form of self-preservation had been shredded to ribbons in that meeting.

Grasping both sides of the doorframe, he supported himself. His fingers dug into the wood, as his breath rushed in and out of him. Maybe she saw the very thing he tried to conceal—his panic, his shame, his pain—because the ice melted, a frown marring the smooth skin of her brow.

“Ronin…”

“I know I let you down today. That you’re pissed and probably want me gone from your doorstep. But”—he briefly closed his eyes, clenching the doorjamb tighter—“can you put it aside for just a little while? I need you right now. Make me forget, Kim. I need…” His jaw clenched, unable to vocalize exactly what he wanted from her. Peace. A soft place to land. Even if only for a little while. Just long enough for him to scrape his strength back together so he could fight the shame, the guilt. For so long, he’d shouldered it, and after that meeting… Goddamn, he was tired. “You.”

If she’d hesitated, he would’ve turned around and left, returning later to explain what had held him up from attending the doctor’s visit. It was wrong to ask if he could essentially use her to release every roiling, furious, bubbling emotion within him. He didn’t mind her using him, but to request the same of her…

But she didn’t hesitate.

Instead, she moved back, granting him entry into her space.

He stood there, frozen, when what he wanted to do was pounce. But that plea had sapped everything out of him, leaving him exposed, vulnerable. She reached behind him and shut the door, her gaze never leaving him.

“Kim,” he rasped.

Her fingers fisted the front of his shirt and tugged him forward. She rose on her toes and closed her mouth over his. But it was the hand cupping his jaw that snapped his paralysis. He took charge of the kiss, his tongue spearing between her lips to claim anything she would give him. And she offered him everything. She held nothing back, opening wide to him, her tongue immediately curling around his, sucking, licking. He thrust his fingers into her high ponytail, tugging the tie, and releasing her dark, thick strands into his hands. Tearing his mouth free from hers, he buried his face in the hair that contained the same scent he’d tasted on her skin. He shuddered, then took her lips again in a kiss every bit as wild and manic as the turmoil churning inside him.

With hands he wished were gentler, he cupped her ass and hoisted her in the air. Her legs immediately wrapped around his waist, and he cut a path down the hall in the direction her bedroom probably lay. Never did he release her mouth, not even when he fell back on the bed with her astride him. He was lost in her—in her taste, her scent, the soft sounds she made as his fingers flexed against her ass, the weight of her smaller body pressed to his.

He tilted his head, diving deeper, when she sat up and slid down his torso. With a growled protest, he reached for her, but she slipped farther down until she knelt between his spread legs. Her nimble fingers tugged open the button of his jeans, jerked down his zipper, and dipped her hand inside his boxer briefs, cupping him.

“Fuck.” The word exploded from him, just as he almost detonated in her grasp. He stared down at his erect cock in her grip, the swollen, ruddy, damp head poking through her fist. God, his skin felt so tight, so sensitive; he didn’t know if he could take her mouth on him. No, fuck that. He’d suffer. Having her suck him deep into that wet, taut cavern would be the sweetest of hells.

As if reading his mind, her full, lush lips parted around the head and pulled him deep. She didn’t stop until it bumped the back of her narrow throat. Tiny electrical pulses tripped and sizzled up and down his spine, while his gut knotted in pure lust. He hissed in pleasure as she slowly withdrew up his length, the cool air of the room brushing over his damp flesh. Then all too soon and way too late, she took him in again, suckling, stroking, licking, her low hum another added sensory torture. A flush painted her cheekbones, her lashes fluttered against her skin, and that hum… Damn, she took him like he was some delicious treat that she couldn’t get enough of. And as she arrowed him to the back of her throat again, allowing him to enter, holding him there as the passage squeezed him, he believed he was just that to her.

She slid off his cock, jacking him with rough, tight, utterly perfect pumps. Whenever he fucked his fist in the shower from now on, he would imagine this—her lips puffy and glistening, her long, elegant fingers gripping him tight, punishing his flesh with pleasure.

Dragging her tongue up the underside of his dick, she teased the rim, shooting sparks straight to his balls. They tightened, a forewarning that he was right on the edge of coming in her mouth, filling it with him. As if sensing that he was so close, she continued to flick and tease, sliding her other hand into his boxers to cup his balls, play with them like her new favorite toy.

“I’m about to blow, hala,” he ground out. “But not here.” He traced the rim of her mouth which was once again stretched around his cock. He pulled free of her and, curving his hands under her arms, hauled her to her feet.

Quickly and gracelessly, he stripped her of the long-sleeved shirt and drawstring pants covering her sexy body. The simple but sensual, nude-colored underwear followed. He slid his hands up her torso, pausing to place a worshipping kiss on her belly before palming her breasts and sweeping his thumbs over the tips.

He rose and, grasping her waist, switched places with her. Lifting her to the bed, he arranged her on her hands and knees, her gorgeous ass in the air, her slender back arched. The dark strands of her hair tumbled around her shoulders and face as she glanced at him over her shoulder, her gaze slumberous with passion. His clothes went the way of hers, an urgency propelling him forward. He climbed onto the bed behind her, taking a precious moment to study the erotic picture she presented.

Bent for his pleasure; toned, shapely thighs parted; her sex bare, soaked, and gleaming. From this position, he could see both entrances to her body—the small hole to her pussy, and the even smaller, puckered one to her ass. Fuck him, but the animalistic creature he’d become craved both of them. To fill both of them. To stretch both of them.

With a low growl, he thrust two fingers into her core, relishing in every spasm of her flesh. Just one more, he promised himself, torturing himself, her smooth, plush walls contracting around his fingers, but he needed more. Fisting the base of his cock, he aimed it toward her, watching intently as the entrance widened to permit him inside her body. He groaned, long and hard, as he sank balls deep, until his pelvis met her ass.

She emitted a high, almost agonized cry before shivers racked her body. Oh fuck. She was coming. Her sex clamped down on his cock, seizing him, milking him. Just from one stroke.

The last shred of his tenuous control tore, and he pounded into her; his fingers clutching her hips would probably leave bruises. But he couldn’t think past chasing her orgasm, giving her more of him, of the lust already crackling and electrifying him. He reached around her, pressing his thumb to her engorged clit, rubbing, treating it to hard, concise circles.

Her scream pierced the room, and her shuddering increased, her flesh gripping him again. This time, he went with her, holding nothing back, pouring deep inside her. His mind blanking to everything but the blissful, painful pleasure.

Exhaustion grappled with him, and as he pressed his mouth to her sweat-dampened shoulder, he lost the battle, willingly allowing himself to be pinned. He fell to the mattress, taking her with him, cradling her back to his chest, his arm locked around her, savoring the peace she’d given him before the inevitable returned.

The inevitable being the real world and the truths he couldn’t hide from.

He sighed, and the weighty breath fluttered her hair.

“I’m sorry about missing the doctor’s appointment today,” he murmured. Brushing his lips over her shoulder, he said, “Let me explain.”

She nodded.

Relief eased through him, and sighing, he unwrapped himself from around her and gathered their clothes from the floor. Pulling on his T-shirt, jeans, and boots, he rounded the bed and handed her the shirt and pants he’d removed. Silently, she accepted them and dressed. Turning on his heel, he led the way from her bedroom and out to her living room.

He lowered to the couch, and she settled next to him. For a moment, his throat constricted. Grace. He was going to say her name aloud to another woman. A woman who…meant something to him, whether they kept having sex or somehow managed to settle into being just friends. That somehow seemed most blasphemous of all.

Dragging his hands over his face, he fixed his gaze on the window and the view of Lake Union. “I missed the appointment because my coach called me to a meeting at the athletic center with the head office. They’re adopting a new charity to support this year, and it’s the Live to Breathe Free Foundation. It provides support and assistance to families with children who suffer from cystic fibrosis. They want me to be the spokesperson and ambassador from the Warriors.” He inhaled a breath. “They asked me because my girlfriend Grace died from the disease two years ago.”

Her loud gasp reverberated in the room, her shock an almost tangible thing. After a heartbeat, a soft, warm body pressed against his side, and a hand rested on his thigh. She didn’t speak, and he was grateful. If she said anything, he might not be able to get this out. He didn’t talk about Grace—not with his family, his friends, and not with the public, even if for an excellent cause.

“Grace was my closest childhood friend. Her family lived next door to ours, and I can’t remember a time when we weren’t close. She was sweet, kind, never met a stranger. I can’t tell you the number of times she played mediator between my sisters and me. She was my best friend, along with Renee and Jason. Later, in high school, the feelings shifted, and I fell in love with her.” Even now, shades of those intense feelings belonging to the teenager whispered through him, specters of the past. But the tendrils of pain and guilt weren’t ghosts. Nor were they in the past, but firmly present. “Grace loved life, and she lived. Even though she was this tiny thing, delicate, she didn’t waste one moment. Every day was an adventure. Probably because she’d been born with cystic fibrosis and knew she lived on borrowed time.”

She’d said as much to him on several occasions, though he’d fought the idea. He hadn’t wanted to conceive a world where she hadn’t existed.

“Over the years, I’d convinced myself that she wouldn’t die. That she would always be there. Because I couldn’t believe God would allow someone as beautiful as her to be taken. But as she got older, the disease took its toll. I’d been playing for the Warriors since I was twenty, and so much of my salary went to fund research, to pay for airway clearance therapies, medicines, and pancreatic enzyme supplements, and respiratory therapists. I believed with the amount of money—millions—I was funneling into R and D, we could find a cure or life-sustaining therapy for her. But that was arrogance, or simply denial. She died at twenty-six, leaving a hole in so many people’s hearts and lives. Especially mine.”

“Why do you blame yourself, Ronin?” Kim asked softly. “She sounds special and seemed to be much loved. It’s heartbreaking that she died so young. But that isn’t God’s fault, or her parents’, and definitely not yours. So why are you shouldering the blame?”

He closed his eyes. How had she known? Was it that obvious? No, he shook his head, answering his own question. Because no one else had guessed. Just Kim.

“I entered the football draft because I wanted to provide for my family. But also because, with money, I could help ease her suffering, assist in finding a way to lengthen her life expectancy. But all the millions I make, and I couldn’t save her. How can I have a relationship, a family”—he paused, his voice dipping as he admitted the most painful truth—“a baby with another woman, when that’s what Grace wanted more than anything? To have all of that. With me.”

“Oh, Ronin…” Kim whispered, tangling her fingers with his.

“I know,” he interrupted her, guessing what her next words would be. “I know it’s unreasonable, irrational. But I failed her. When she needed me most, I couldn’t do anything. I was helpless, powerless.” He loosed a harsh rasp of laughter that abraded his throat. “And I’m sitting there in that meeting while they’re praising me about donating all that money to research for CF, for my knowledge, and dedication, when it was all a lie. None of what I did was selfless. None of it. I did everything so that I wouldn’t be alone.”

“Now that’s irrational,” she stated, and he started, turning his head to look at her. Because the cool, crisp executive had returned. But when he stared into her eyes, they were soft, filled with understanding and empathy. “I can excuse everything else you’ve said, but you being selfish is a lie, and I won’t let you say it.”

Though her voice remained matter-of-fact, the hand that cupped his cheek wasn’t; it was warm, tender, comforting.

“I know a little something about guilt. I wrestled with it for most of my childhood and even into my adulthood. For so long, I blamed myself for my father not being with my mother, or even in her life peripherally. If I hadn’t been born, maybe her career wouldn’t have stalled as she took fewer jobs because she was saddled with me. If not for me, she wouldn’t have a constant reminder of all her ‘what if’s.’ But one day, on summer break from college, I was home, and my mom sat me down and laid down the law.” A faint smile curved her lips. She swept her thumb over his. “She told me that shit happens. Good shit. Bad shit. So-so shit. It all happens, and we do the best we can with the hand we’re dealt. That some of the things that had happened in her life were of her own making, and she owned that. But none of it—not one thing—was my fault. Of it all, I was the best thing that had come out of all her choices. That I made them worth the pain, the confusion, the loss.”

She dropped her hand and grasped his once more.

“I didn’t know your Grace, Ronin. But from what you’ve told me, I’d bet that she would tell you the same thing if she were here. She got dealt a really screwed-up hand. And if she could’ve changed it, she would’ve, because it wasn’t her choice. But loving you was. And you were the best thing in her life. You made everything worth the pain, the fear, the uncertainty, maybe even the hope. She wouldn’t want you to bear this guilt. For someone who loved life and grabbed it with both hands, she wouldn’t want you living half of one, mired down in a shame that doesn’t belong to you.”

Ronin stared at her, stunned. No, she hadn’t known Grace, but she’d nailed her personality down. And part of him—that desperate for healing, for absolution part—grasped a hold of Kim’s words.

Grace would’ve liked Kim. Her honesty, low tolerance for bullshit, and sarcastic sense of humor would’ve appealed to her. And Grace had been a nurturer, so she would’ve tried to ease Kim’s hurt, tend to the wounds that she so obviously wore and carried around.

Yet, there was a strength in Kim that Grace would’ve admired.

This time, it was he who cradled her cheek, sweeping his thumb over the regal slant of her cheekbone.

God, she was so damn beautiful. So strong. And when she lowered her fucking guard, so vulnerable and soft.

“When you were doing your research on the hala plant and tree, did you also read that it’s durable, tough, resilient? While most plants can’t survive sandy soils, salt water, or the hot and windy parts of the island, hala can. It’s a stabilizer that endures through heat, wind, and drought. And it’s prized by Hawaiians.” He cocked his head, studying her lovely silver eyes, the patrician lines and angles of her face, that beautiful, pleasure-giving mouth. “You, Kim, are the hala plant. Even in the roughest, most uninhabitable and adverse environment, you thrive, grow stronger. Yeah, you’re prickly with razor-sharp edges that sometimes warn people to keep their distance,” he murmured. “But you’re also beautiful, protective, and sweet. And so much more powerful than you give yourself credit for.” He drew her onto his lap, tucking her head under his chin and holding her close. “Thank you, hala.”

“You’re welcome,” she whispered.

Somehow, she knew he thanked her for gifting him that little bit of peace with her body. Then for giving him some absolution with Grace. Did all of his guilt disappear? No. But he’d been shouldering it for years; it wouldn’t evaporate in a single conversation. But she’d started the process.

Still, that she hadn’t needed to ask what he referred to both warmed and scared him.

Warmed her because they had a connection.

Scared him because they had a connection.

Scared the hell out of him.

Because the past two years, he’d convinced himself he wasn’t good at relationships. That he wasn’t the staying kind. Yet, for the first time since Grace, part of him wanted to be.

But that other half—the half that remembered his brutal existence after her death, the feeling of helplessness and powerlessness—couldn’t take that step toward her. Shrank from it.

An acrid, bitter taste filled his mouth, and he loosened his embrace, shifted Kim from his thighs. He rose from the couch, retreating from the desire, the longing she ignited in him that had him wishing for the impossible.

Oh, fuck.

The fear of failing again, of hurting again, of losing someone again—it lurked in his chest like a spider crouched on a web, ready to strike and trap him in its sticky web. Tonight, his reaction to the meeting, the memories of Grace, had revealed to him, more than anything could, how he couldn’t handle another relationship. Couldn’t bear it if he lost Kim or, God forbid, the baby. Distance. Somewhere along the way, he’d forgotten his intention to maintain distance. But it wasn’t too late. He could—he could protect himself.

Expelling a long, quiet breath, he dragged his hair back from his face.

He had to get out of here. Think. Regroup. Remember what he and Kim were to each other. What they weren’t.

Leaning down, he pressed his lips to her forehead. Inhaled the intoxicating musk of fruit and sex.

“I need to go, Kim,” he murmured against her skin. Straightening, he paused and stared down at the top of her head for a long moment, then headed for her apartment door.

Somehow, some way, he had to get this back on track. Get his emotions under control. His fucking life under control.

For the second time in a week, he prayed.

Because he was going to need all the help he could get.





Chapter Fifteen


Kim hurried from her bathroom, her bare feet slapping on the hardwood floors as she fastened the back of her earring.

Damn it, she was running late.

But after the restless night she’d spent tossing and turning, she wasn’t shocked. It hadn’t helped that her sheets seemed to have absorbed the essence of Ronin, and she’d been surrounded by his wind-and-rain scent. Nor did it help that his hasty exit kept playing on an endless loop in her head.

Part of her had wanted to follow him, chase him down, and demand he let her hold him. But the other, louder, more cautious part had urged her to do just what she’d ended up doing—sit there, curled up on the couch, numb, until she moved to her bed.

Christ, what are you doing?

The admonishment rang in her head, and she had zero answers. Well, that wasn’t quite right. She had one: she was playing with fire. And not just a little, contained campfire for roasting marshmallows and s’mores. This was an out-of-control, raging wildfire, ready to devour any and everything in its path.

And yet, she couldn’t step away from it.

That made her either an idiot or a masochist. Probably both.

She entered her bedroom and made a beeline for the closet. Plucking a pair of light blue heels that went with her black dress off the rack, she dropped to the bed and slipped a foot into one shoe. As she fastened the strap, her mind latched onto its apparently favorite subject.

Ronin.

Just like the night before, she couldn’t prevent the flood of memories from filling her head. His almost visceral pain and grief. His desperate need as he took her. His confession.

Oh God, his confession.

Her fingers trembled around the strap, and even though the minutes ticked away, she paused, and clasped her hands together. So many things had gone through her mind as he talked. Ronin had been in love. Still loved, if his lingering grief was any indication. Ronin felt guilty about having a baby with her, felt that it was a betrayal to the memory of the woman he’d loved.

How can I have a relationship, a family, a baby with another woman, when that’s what Grace wanted more than anything? To have all of that. With me.

Those words had been brutally honest and raw. And they’d punched a hole in her chest. She’d tried not to show her reaction, hadn’t wanted him to penalize him for his truthfulness. And given that they weren’t in a relationship, her hurt shouldn’t even have existed. But if she’d harbored any latent, nebulous hope that maybe, just maybe, they could be more than co-parents, that hoarse, pained admission had torpedoed it.

Ronin wasn’t available.

God, it’d hurt for him to pull away from her and leave out that door.

Yet, as much as her heart had seemed to throb like an open wound in her head, she understood. Yes, the ending of her marriage had seemed like a death at the time. But Ronin’s Grace had actually died; there was no “seemed like.” His childhood friend turned lover was gone to him forever, making his loss so much worse than hers. So, yes, she got why his heart wasn’t available to anyone.

Didn’t mean hers hurt any less.

Kim could not bask in denial; she cared for Ronin. How could she not? He was kind, loving, protective, unselfish, and sexy as hell. But his profession hadn’t changed. The lifestyle that went along with it hadn’t changed. Yes, Ronin was attentive to her now. But Matt had been, too, in the beginning. And Ronin possessed a reputation. Shoot, when she’d met him, he’d been fending off a persistent one-night stand. When the novelty of her and the baby wore off, would he return to being that man who jumped from woman to woman like a game of sexual hopscotch?

She couldn’t say yes. But she couldn’t say no, either.

The only thing she knew for certain was she couldn’t risk suffering the kind of pain she’d endured with Matt. That experience had leveled her. With Ronin, she had the suspicion it would be like taking a demolition crew to a building, leaving nothing behind but dust. And now knowing that he had a damn good reason for backing away from emotional entanglements…

Her hand settled over her stomach. And it wasn’t just her now. She had to be strong for this baby. She couldn’t afford to risk her heart when it would affect an innocent child’s well-being, too.

Sighing, she finished sliding on her shoes and exited the bedroom. Oh yeah, she was definitely running late. Grabbing her coat out of the hall closet, she collected the rest of her belongings and headed toward the front door. Just as she grabbed the knob, a knock reverberated through the wood.

She frowned. Who in the world would show up on her doorstep at seven thirty in the morning? Leaning forward, she peeked through the peep hole. Then she stumbled back, shock sending her reeling. Her briefcase and purse dropped from her numb fingers. Another hard rap sounded, and all she could do was stare. Even though wood separated them, she still clearly saw the man standing on the other side of the door.

Matt.

For several frantic seconds, she considered retreating farther into her apartment until he went away. But then, she delivered herself a mental slap. Get it together. She refused to cower, afraid to look her ex-husband in the eye. Especially when he’d appeared at her apartment unannounced and most definitely uninvited.

Inhaling deeply, she straightened her shoulders and opened the door.

“Matt,” she said, silently congratulating herself on the even, calm tone that completely belied the swarm of emotions buzzing inside her. “What are you doing here?”

“Hey, Kim,” he greeted her. “Damn, babe. It’s good to see you.”

There’d been a time when his smile had lit up her heart, and she’d felt like the luckiest woman on the face of the planet to be the girlfriend and later the wife of such a handsome, successful man. He’d wined, dined, spoiled, and loved her…until one day, he didn’t.

Now ice covered that organ that had once thumped so crazily for him.

“I’m headed out to work, Matt, so…” She arched an eyebrow, still wondering what the hell he was doing outside her door.

His mouth tightened at the corners, though he didn’t lose his smile. “Work. Right. Some things never change, do they?” Before she could reply to that with a go screw yourself, he nodded toward the apartment behind her. “Can I come in? To talk?”

“No.”

He blinked, stared at her, as if waiting for her to expound on the swift and blunt denial. She returned his gaze.

“Kim,” he murmured, extending an arm toward her. But she shifted, so his fingers only glanced over the back of her hand instead of wrapping it in his. Now his smile disappeared. “We can’t have this conversation out here.”

“You’re only half right, Matt,” she corrected. “We can’t have this conversation, period. I told you over the phone that we have nothing to discuss. Our divorce has been over for a year. Why you’re persisting in”—she waved a hand back and forth between them—“this is confusing. We’re through.”

“What if I don’t want it to be through?” he countered, stuffing his hands in his pockets, his dark brown eyes intent. Like most football players she’d met, he had a powerful charisma. She used to find that intensity sexy. Now it was tiresome. “How can you just give up on us?”

“How can I—” She loosed a harsh bark of laughter. “Are you serious? I didn’t give up on us,” she snapped. “You did when you started fucking women behind my back while we were married. You. Don’t put this on me. I wanted a life with you, a family. You threw that away. And now, when you’re playing Monday morning quarterback, I’m supposed to just fall back into your arms, into a lie of a marriage, as if nothing happened.”

“I made a mistake, babe. Both of us made mistakes,” he insisted, his excuse only enflaming her more. “Neither of us were perfect. You worked—”

“So did you,” she pointed out. “But my job wasn’t as important to you. You wanted a doll that dressed up, looked pretty, and was there at your beck and call—when you actually came home, that is. I didn’t pull a bait and switch on you; you did on me. My job was fine until after we married. You changed, not me.” She paused, battling the stupid damn tears that threatened. She’d been through crying over this man. “And even if we weren’t spending enough time together, or I worked too much, that’s a marital issue we should’ve worked out together, through communication or even counseling. Tell me, how was screwing random women in strip clubs solving our problems?”

He parted his lips, but she waved off whatever he would’ve said. “I’m done. We’re done, Matt. You already moved on while we were married. Now I have. Just…go.”

“There’s someone else, isn’t there?” he asked, his voice quiet, subdued. “Is that why you can’t let me back in?”

Yes.

No.

She briefly closed her eyes. She was going freaking crazy.

“That’s none of your business,” she said, shaking her head. “But you’re why there won’t ever be an ‘us,’ Matt. You betrayed me, damn near destroyed me. I could never trust you again. And I…” She paused, something in her loath to hurt him, but she had to make sure he understood. “I don’t love you anymore.”

Hurt and anger flickered in his brown eyes, but after several moments, he nodded. “I get it, Kim. But I had to try one last time, just in case…” His jaw clenched, and he glanced away from her. “I fucked up.”

“Yes, you did,” she agreed, this time without the heat, the fury. Because she was exhausted.

“I’m sorry, Kim.” For once, the arrogance and cockiness had disappeared from his demeanor and voice.

She read the sincerity of his apology in his solemn contemplation, and well, there was that, at least. But telling him, “it’s okay,” was beyond her. And at this point, forgiveness was, too. Instead, she stepped back into her apartment, her fingers closed around the door’s edge.

“Goodbye, Matt.”

And she closed the door.





Chapter Sixteen


Ronin jogged off the indoor field, grabbing one of the water bottles on the sideline. Since it was the morning practice, the last forty-five minutes had been a walk-through of the game plan discussed in the offensive meeting. Wednesdays were their install day, where they learned all the new plays for their meet-up with Denver on Sunday. The same excitement that usually filled him at the challenge of pitting himself physically and mentally against another team zipped through him. Some players groaned at the big-ass playbook they were given every Wednesday to memorize like scripture for Bible study. But Ronin loved it. The mental part of the game thrilled him as much as outrunning a defender and catching the ball did.

“Ronin,” their offensive coach, Barker, called to him as the rest of the team strolled off the field for lunch and the daily media session in the locker room. Barker clapped him on the shoulder. “Good work this morning. A few things, though. You need to work on stalk blocking and not coming out of your route so soon. Stay on it longer. Denver’s cornerbacks are really good at jamming the receivers off of the line. So you need to work on the swim technique coming off the line to avoid the jam…”

Ronin nodded, taking everything in that his coach had to say, committing it to memory so he could execute in the afternoon practice.

When Barker walked off, Dom and Zephirin joined him, and they headed to the cafeteria together. Forty-five minutes later, they pushed out the doors and made their way toward the locker room. Media sessions. He had a love-hate relationship with them. On one hand, he got why they were necessary. People wanted access to their favorite teams and players, and the reporters granted them a glimpse into their thoughts and opinions. It was all about accessibility and exposure for the league. Media and promotion—especially good promotion—brought more money. But on the other side, it could get awkward and uncomfortable, depending on the particular reporter. And one thoughtless comment or joke could end up as a soundbite, well…forever. Fame was a double-edged sword. Usually, Ronin didn’t mind the media, but there were several players who wished they could shove themselves into lockers until the reporters cleared out.

“How’s Kim doing?” Zeph asked.

The last time he’d seen her, she’d been sitting on her living room couch. And he’d walked out of her apartment. An ache gripped his chest, squeezed the hell out of it. “Fine.” He glanced around, but aside from Zeph and Dom, his other teammates were too far ahead or behind them to overhear their conversation. “She had a follow-up appointment yesterday. It’s all good.”

“That’s great.” Dom squeezed his shoulder. “We’re happy for you. For both of you.”

“Thanks, man. I appreciate it,” he said. Then, because it’d been weighing on his mind all day, he added. “I’m not sure how it’s going to work out, though. She’s not ready for everyone to know about…” He paused. “Everything. With her job and her past.” He shrugged. “She’s cautious and wants to keep it under wraps. And there’s the fact that she’s leaving Seattle in the summer. So, I don’t know.” He dragged a hand through his hair, uttering a frustrated sound caught somewhere between a sigh and growl.

“Are you going to try and convince her to stay?” Zeph paused outside the locker room where the reporters would shortly be ushered in.

“It’s not that simple.” Not for him. Not for Kim. She’d been burned badly by her ex. And saying she was skittish would be like calling the Space Needle a paperweight. And he… Well, he was…him. “There’s a lot of baggage there that’s not easy to overcome.”

“Do you love her?” Dom crossed his arms, studying him like a student with an eviscerated frog.

A surge of panic welled up in Ronin. He’d only claimed to romantically love one woman. And for most of his life, he believed he would never say those three words to another. He waited for the sense of betrayal and guilt. And if he dug deep, he might find whispers of them. But that overwhelming wave of it? No, it didn’t come.

But the panic did. The gnawing claws of panic swiped at him, dug deep. And yet, he couldn’t lie. He wasn’t in the habit of lying to himself, and he could no longer deny what had been right under his nose all along. Hell, the nerves twisting in his gut was confirmation enough.

“Yeah,” Ronin admitted, not a little bit awed that he could actually vocalize it. “Yeah, I love her.”

Oh fuck. He was in so deep.

“Then you need to help her pack her baggage up and throw that shit out. Because watching her walk away shouldn’t be an option,” Dom advised.

Ronin shook his head. “Again. Not that simple.”

“What are you guys waiting on? An engraved invitation? Get in there,” Gerald Declan, their head coach, ordered as he charged past.

Laughing, Zeph and Dom followed the older man in, and Ronin trailed behind them, still disquieted by his revelation. But he put it aside as much as possible as he walked into the locker room. Ten minutes later, Ronin stood in front of his locker, surrounded by members of the media with several microphones pushed in his face. If he were prone to claustrophobia, he might be huddled up sobbing right now. But he grinned and bore it, answering the questions lobbed at him with ease and a lot of diplomacy. Especially when one reporter repeated a question another had already asked. The repetition grated on his nerves. But demanding, “Hey, didn’t you just hear that guy ask the same damn question? Be original,” probably wouldn’t be a good look. It would earn him a verbal smack down from Coach Declan. And that man could be scary.

“Ronin, Denver has one of the best man-to-man cover corners in the league. Do you think you’ll be able to win the match-up?” a journalist he recognized from a cable football show inquired.

“I respect Denver’s defense and their corners, but when I get on the field, I believe I can win any match-up. Besides,” Ronin grinned. “I plan to eat my Wheaties that morning.”

Several of the reporters laughed, and then the next question flew at him.

“Has there been any talk concerning the lack of plays that stretch the field?” another journalist asked. This one he knew from a syndicated show on one of the major networks. Ronin liked and respected her work.

He shrugged. “I’m the wide receiver, and I run the plays that they call,” he replied.

Another reporter called his name, and Ronin nodded, not immediately identifying this person.

“You’ve had a couple big drops on third down. Is that due to a lack of concentration?” the guy demanded. “Because there’s a rumor circulating that you’re about to be a father. Could that have something to do with it?”

White noise rushed into his head, and his lungs seized. His heard thudded like the whole Washington University drum line. The hell? How did…? Where had he…? How had he known about the baby?

Say something, damn it.

The low, insistent voice inside his head shattered his paralysis. He stared into the gleaming gaze of the reporter, and part of Ronin knew he’d fucked up. His reaction alone told the truth, and this weasel scented it.

Goddamn.

“I’m discussing the game, not my personal life,” Ronin stated, going for matter-of-fact. But from the wide eyes of those surrounding him, he guessed he’d failed. Epically.

After a small, awkward pause, the questions continued, and somehow, Ronin made it through. Just as he pushed through practice. But his head wasn’t there. And the worry that had lodged under his heart like an irritating, stubborn pebble in a shoe hadn’t dissipated. He had one thought.

Kim.

He had to warn Kim.

Dread wormed a sinuous path through his gut, knotting and twisting as he strode out of the complex that afternoon. He could weather this—a football player having a child out of wedlock wasn’t that big of a deal in this day and age, even if that asshole had brought it up in the media session. But Kim… She’d made it abundantly clear she didn’t want her name bandied about in the gossip sites, or the intrusion of the press into her life.

Cursing, Ronin scrubbed a hand down his face. He couldn’t let her be blindsided. But first… He removed his phone from his jeans pocket, pulled up the internet browser on his phone, and entered his name and “baby.” The first page filled with hits on him being a father and with Kim’s name. That dread doubled when he clicked on one site, and they had pictures of Kim and him in the parking lot of the medical building. He had her caged between his body and her car. A “confidential source” had given details about Kim’s name and her pregnancy.

Son of a bitch.

Closing out the screen, he pulled up Kim’s number. Only two rings echoed in his ear before she answered.

“Hey, Ronin,” Kim said. He frowned. Something was off. But before he could question it, she asked, “Is something wrong?”

Yes. God, yes. But it hit him that he couldn’t do this over the phone. But him arriving at her job when the story had already broken might bring even more unwanted attention to her doorstep.

“Ronin?”

“Kim, can you meet me at my house in about half an hour?” he proposed. His place had security at least. No one could follow her past the gate.

Silence crackled down the line.

“Ronin, what’s wrong?”

“Can you meet me?” he pressed. He couldn’t lie to her and say “nothing.” Because for her, it was everything.

A beat of silence. “Yes,” she finally said. “I’ll leave now.”

“Okay, see you soon.”

He ended the call, staring at the phone for several long minutes. A pit yawned wide in his gut, and foreboding filled it to the brim. Rubbing the back of his neck, he climbed into his car and drove the twenty minutes from the practice facility to his house.

Kim must’ve left her office as soon as they’d hung up, because not five minutes after he arrived home, she rang his doorbell. As soon as he swung open the door and took in her drawn features, he knew.

She’d found out.

And she’d driven over here in this state? Shit.

“C’mon,” he said softly, cupping her elbow and guiding her inside.

Not pausing until they reached the living room, he gently pushed her down on the couch cushion. Shock. Her gray eyes appeared dark and bottomless, and her caramel complexion slightly pale. Tension seemed to vibrate from her ramrod-straight body, and she didn’t speak.

Cursing, he moved to the fireplace and started a blaze going. He already had the heat turned up, but maybe she needed more warmth. Or a drink. No, damn it. No alcohol. She was pregnant. Maybe a blanket…

And he was goddamn babbling to himself.

“Kim,” he murmured, crouching down in front of her. “Kim, tell me what happened. How did you find out?”

She didn’t ask him, “Find out about what?”

“A reporter called me on my way here,” she replied, her tone surprisingly even considering her current state. “He asked me was it true that Ronin Palamo was the father of my baby. Or as he put it, ‘my baby’s daddy,’” she added, bitterness creeping in and tainting those last three words.

Anger at that asshole reporter—and he used the term very loosely—singed him.

“I’m sorry, Kim,” he said, covering her clasped hands with one of his. “I wanted to tell you myself. I found out during the media session today and called you right after. A journalist side-swiped me with the question. I don’t know how they…”

She shook her head, cutting him off with a humorless, harsh chuckle. “The how doesn’t matter. Not now.”

“Hala, it’s going to be okay.” He squeezed her hands, wishing he could transfer some of his warmth into her icy skin. “Yeah, the truth came out in a truly fucked-up way, but it’s going to be okay, I promise. Something new will come along, and we’ll be forgotten. It’ll blow over.”

“For who, Ronin?” she demanded, scooting back and away from him before pushing off the couch. She paced toward the fireplace, standing in front of it with her back toward him. For the first time, she seemed delicate, fragile to him, and he hated it. “For you? True. People will just wink and pat you on the back, tell you congratulations, and behind your back say ‘boys will be boys.’ For me, though? A recently divorced, single woman who is a vice-president at an internationally renowned corporation? People will doubt I can be a single mother and still do my job. They’ll gossip about how I must’ve been a one-night stand who got knocked up. Or maybe I deliberately got pregnant to trap the great Ronin Palamo, since I couldn’t keep my ex-husband, who was also a football player. I’ll get called a groupie, a jock-chaser, a pro-ho. I won’t be congratulated, I’ll just have my reputation and professional ability questioned.”

She turned around to face him, and the pain, anger, and helplessness that poured out of her lined her face, shadowed her eyes.

“I will be your ‘baby’s mama’ first, and one of the best public relations specialists in the field second.”

She’d said that before in the doctor’s office. Then, it had pissed him off, but now, when he was all in—when he wanted all of her—it sucker-punched him in the chest.

“So being a single mother doesn’t bother you, but having people know I’m the father does,” he stated flatly.

“I’m not ashamed of you, Ronin,” she murmured, crossing her arms, as if protecting herself from his accusation. “I just know how this is going to end. And when it does, you’ll move on, business as usual, and I’ll have to deal with the fallout.”

He stared at her for several seconds, a part of him wanting to cross the distance separating them and draw her into his arms. The other part longed to shake her.

Because at some point, those strings he’d been adamant about avoiding had become something he wanted…needed. When that reporter threw out the question about Kim, and he’d faced the thought of losing her, real terror had gripped him. Keeping Kim, being able to watch her grow with their child, being co-parents and lovers had become his one priority. The stark, barren future had stretched out in front of him, and he’d feared it more than experiencing pain or loss. In that moment, all of it had been more than worth the risk.

Now he had to convince this woman to take another chance on another football player. That they were worth it. “You’re so sure this—whatever this is—will end. You never considered that we could be more. That just maybe I could give you what you refuse to admit you want—a man who will stand by your side. Who will protect you. Who will always put you first. Who will be loyal and never betray you. That’s what you dream about, hala. But you won’t let yourself even hope for it.”

Her chin hiked up a notch, and the executive returned. But she couldn’t fool him; he knew her now. Knew that the icy reserve was more self-defense than who she truly was. The facade kept people at arm’s length, so she didn’t have to risk letting them in. Too bad he was already in. Too bad for her, anyway.

“I don’t believe in fairy tales anymore,” she snapped.

“No,” Ronin countered, disregarding his resolution to remain where he was. He moved forward, infiltrating her personal space. “That’s not true. You’re too afraid to believe. You live with fear, Kim. You don’t want to become involved with a football player. You want to save your reputation. You want your privacy. All those are excuses. It all boils down to you living in fear of being hurt again. Of being rejected. Of depending on someone and then being disappointed. Of failing.”

“You don’t get it, Ronin,” she damn near shouted. Pinching her nose, she squeezed her eyes close. “You don’t get it,” she repeated, softer, sadder.

“I don’t get it?” He scoffed. “Look at me.” He grasped her chin and waited until she complied. And the turmoil in those pretty gray eyes had him almost backing off. Conceding just so the pain in her gaze would evaporate. But he couldn’t. Not for him, and not for her. “You think because I catch a ball in front of thousands of people that I don’t understand fear? I’m afraid of going into another relationship when the last one fucking devastated me. I’m afraid that I can’t protect my mother, my family. I’m afraid that I’ll be a shitty father because mine was.”

He tilted her head farther back, so she had no choice but to look into his eyes and hear his next words.

“I’m afraid that all you’ll ever want is my cock, but not the man.” With his free hand, he pressed a fist to his chest. “I’m more than what I do for a living. I’m a son, a brother, a friend, a soon-to-be father. And I’m also the man who loves you.”

He dropped his hand and stepped away. Touching her, inhaling her scent, staring into her troubled, stricken gaze as his declaration sunk in was all suddenly too much.

A deep, weighty silence filled the room.

“You can’t love me,” she finally rasped. “You don’t. Last night. You love Grace…” she stuttered.

“You’re grasping at straws, Kim.” He smiled, even though nothing remotely related to humor resided in him. “Yes, I love Grace, and I always will. She was a part of my childhood, helped shape me into the man I am today. But I can’t live in the past; you helped me realize that. So yeah, I love Grace. But I’m in love with you. And you can’t handle that. But the fact that you’re so desperate to push me away, to deny what’s right in front of you, lets me know you love me, too. You’re just too afraid to admit it and take what you want.”

“Ronin,” she whispered.

“I know your ex-husband hurt you to your soul, and in the aftermath, you had to re-identify yourself, build yourself up from the ground again. And you are one of the strongest women I know for it. But it’s that same strength that has erected this shield around your heart. I’m black and blue and bloody from throwing myself against it, trying to get in. Hala,” he murmured. “You’re going to have to open that door.”

“I can’t give you what you want from me,” she breathed, tears glinting in her eyes. She shook her head, and one rolled down her cheek. “I can’t…”

Shuddering, she lowered her arms and shifted forward. For a moment, he thought she was going to touch him. But in the end, she didn’t—just paused next to him, her arm brushing his.

“I’m sorry.”

Then she left, the soft click of the front door closing reverberating in the house like a bullet’s report.

He’d vowed after Grace that he would never hurt that bad again.

He’d been wrong.





Chapter Seventeen


The best method for keeping the mind busy was a good cleaning.

Kim lifted the iron grills from the stove and dumped them in the soapy water in the sink before returning and scrubbing down the appliance. Not that she’d done a lot of cooking in her apartment—she was the takeout queen—but dust could’ve accumulated.

Most women might not consider cleaning an ideal activity for a Friday night. But when your mind wouldn’t stop whirling and replaying the most painful moment of your life, only this task with its repetition and physicality would do.

Work did the trick, too. But she couldn’t camp out at her office 24/7. And if she paused too long, the memory of two days ago would crash over her, drowning her in its dark, agonizing undertow.

But the fact that you’re so desperate lets me know you love me, too. You’re just too afraid to admit it and take what you want.

She switched to the oven, scrubbing harder.

You’re going to have to open that door.

She moved back to the top of the stove.

And I’m also the man who loves you.

She moved to the individual grills. If not for her gloves, her fingers would probably be scratched to hell by the Brillo pad. Right now, they ached from all the abuse she’d put them through for the past two hours.

You’re okay, she silently whispered to herself. You’re okay. She’d been in this place before—hurt and alone. And she’d survived. This wasn’t any different.

God, she was such a liar. Even to herself. This was nothing like the last time. It burrowed deep, like a barb-tipped shaft. This was so much worse. If she could amputate the agony, she would, just so it would stop.

The doorbell pealed, and she tossed the wire cleaning tool into the water. Forgetting to check the peephole, she wrenched the door open, gloves still on and dripping, desperate to escape her thoughts, her memories…herself.

She stared at the people on the other side, dumbfounded.

“Oh shit, pumpkin, we got here just in time. She’s been cleaning,” her sister-in-law Morgan Bishop drawled, Caitlin, Kim’s baby niece, cuddled in her arms.

Kim blinked, switching her gaze from Morgan to her brother Alex. She met his eyes, identical to hers, in the frowning, hard, and much-loved face that had been her security blanket since she was fifteen.

A sob tore out of her throat, catching her by surprise. But when the first one erupted, there was no stopping the others. She threw her arms around her brother, weeping as if her heart had been shattered.

Because it had been.

From beside them, Morgan sighed. “Let me put the baby down for a nap. Then we’ll find out whose nuts require cracking.”

…

“Where’s Morgan?” Kim asked her brother, her voice hoarse and rough from her crying jag.

Alex set a cup of tea down in front of her where she sat, curled up on her couch. As the aroma from the steaming cup drifted to her nose, she instantly recognized it—the ginger tea Ronin had brought by her office. God, that night seemed so long ago, when it’d only been two weeks. So much had occurred in those fourteen days. She had a miscarriage scare, spent days in his home, had the hottest sex of her life, had her personal life aired out in the media—for the second time—and Ronin had told her he lo—

Yeah, she wasn’t going down that particular road, or else she might fall apart again.

“She’s in your guest bedroom with Caitlin. She’s cranky.”

Kim snorted. “Which one?”

A ghost of smile flirted with his mouth. “Caitlin. But Morgan’s a close second. Seeing you cry has her in there watching the Home Shopping Network and looking for a sharp knife set.”

Alex’s humor was extremely dry, but considering who they were talking about, Kim might not put that little shopping spree past Morgan. Her sister-in-law was positively fierce when it came to her family. She’d defended and adopted Kim as hers right in front of Malcolm when he’d dared to slight Kim. In that moment, Morgan had become her hero, while Kim had become the bridesmaid in Morgan’s fake-engagement, non-existent wedding to Alex. Her brother and his “fiancée” had colluded to con Malcolm into believing they were engaged so Alex could inherit his birthright of the family company. Malcolm had decreed Alex needed to be engaged or married in order to become CEO of Bishop Enterprises—a position Alex had earned many times over. And Morgan had needed to save the building where the nonprofit organization she worked for resided, or they—and the women and children they helped—would’ve been out on the street. But what had begun as a fake relationship had ended up being a real love story that would’ve made a great Hollywood movie, complete with a wedding and a beautiful baby girl.

“So tell me why I had to find out my little sister was pregnant on Loose Lipsa Lot?” Alex asked, arching a dark eyebrow.

“I’m sorry—loose what?”

He shrugged. “Some gossip site Morgan trolls. You’re the big news of the week, Kim. Apparently, a football player knocking up an executive in one of the nation’s biggest corporations is hot shit. Or else it’s a slow week.”

She stared down into the dark brown depths of her cup. Just imagining what those sites were saying had her stomach churning. They’d been greedy and vicious when she and Matt had divorced.

“I’m sorry,” she repeated, this time apologizing for not telling him about the baby sooner. “I actually meant to call you last weekend, but I was playing catch up after the scare—”

“Scare?” Alex barked, propping his elbows on his thighs. “What scare? Are you okay?”

“Yes, I’m fine,” she assured him. Of course, he would be worried. He’d been right by her side when she’d suffered her first miscarriage.

“Maybe you should start from the beginning,” he said. And it wasn’t a suggestion but an order not to be disobeyed from her big brother.

She started from their meeting at the expo and spilled everything, skipping only the details about the hot sex. Because, seriously. Her brother. By the time she was halfway through, Morgan joined them, sitting on Alex’s lap. The casual, almost absentminded way he wrapped his arms around his wife, never taking his attention from Kim, caused a lump of emotion to lodge in her throat. And she convinced herself that emotion wasn’t envy.

By the time she finished, she needed that tea to moisten her tongue and throat.

“So, let me get this straight,” Morgan mused, tapping her bottom lip with a fingertip. “This Ronin rips open his chest, lays it all out there, and tells you he loves you and wants both you and the baby. And you walk away from him.” She nodded. “Yep, you and Alex are definitely related.”

Alex groaned. “How long are you going to keep bringing that up?” he growled.

Morgan beamed, totally unrepentant. “I don’t know. Exactly how many hours are in forever?”

Alex mumbled something under his breath that sounded a lot like, “God help,” but then, pinned Kim with a narrowed stare. “I believe once upon a time you told me—and I quote—‘If insight was lard, I couldn’t grease a skillet with yours.’ Then you called me an idiot for standing by and watching the woman I loved walk out and not doing anything. Sound familiar?”

Damn you, Dr. Phil.

Alex smirked at her grimace. “I see it does. Kim, I love you. Which means we can be honest with each other when we can’t with anyone else. Even ourselves.” He sighed and rubbed his thumb and forefinger into his eyes. When he dropped his arm, clouds darkened his gray eyes. “Dad did a number on you. Even before you officially met him, when the only thing you ever saw of him was checks in the mail, he made you feel unworthy. And then later, Matt came along and hammered in that fucking nail. They’re both selfish, self-centered bastards who imposed their own insecurities and issues on you. And whether you want to admit it or not, you’ve taken on their shit.”

She parted her lips to deny it, but then at the last second, closed them. Almost as if she conjured it, she recalled the afternoon when Malcolm had come to her office. When she’d asked herself what had she done to make him dislike her so much. To not love her.

“Yeah, sweetheart,” Alex murmured. “I know you better than anyone. You don’t think you’re worthy of love, of that dream Ronin offered you. Matt? Matt was safe. You loved him, yes, but your lives weren’t mingled. You lived in two separate residences for the most part, and you had separate lives. Safe. You were devastated when he cheated, but you moved on, you recovered. Tell me something. Would it be so easy with Ronin?”

The image of Ronin with another woman, kissing her, touching her, flashed across her mind’s eyes, and her stomach wrenched with pain and a spasm of nausea. No, she wouldn’t recover as easily. But she knew that; she’d admitted as much to herself already. Dust. He would leave her like dust.

“You were more invested in the marriage than you were in Matt. Because if you loved him as desperately, as deeply, as essentially as I do Morgan, you wouldn’t have been able to live like that. And I think, I honest to God hope, you’ve found that with Ronin.” His arms tightened around his wife. “Let Ronin show you how worthy, how loved you are. Don’t let him go because you’re afraid of rejection, of being hurt. You deserve every happiness. You and my niece or nephew. Take it, Kim. Drag on those big girl panties and take it.”

“Do you love Ronin?” Morgan asked. “Don’t think about it. Don’t overanalyze. From the hip, Kimmy. Do you love him?”

Did she?

Air rasped in and out of her chest on shallow breaths.

“Holy fuck!” Morgan screeched. In a move that would’ve been worthy of Simone Biles, she leaped off of Alex’s lap and launched over the arm of the chair. Her feet must have touched the floor at some point, but Kim must’ve blinked because she missed it. Her sister-in-law crouched behind the chair, still screaming at the top of her lungs. “Jesus on a taco shell, that thing is—holy fuck!” Morgan’s hand appeared, jabbing in the air.

Stunned, Kim glanced in the direction Morgan violently pointed as Alex sighed and rose from his seat.

Well, damn. Kim blinked. Okay, so she wasn’t afraid of spiders, but hell, that thing crouched on the wall, just under the ceiling, should be paying rent. It was huge.

“Where’s your broom?” Alex asked her, a grin tugging at the corner of his mouth. He kept his back turned toward his wife. Good move. Kim could just imagine Morgan’s reaction if she saw that smile. Well, if she weren’t cowering behind the chair, that was.

“Beside the refrigerator.” Kim waved toward the kitchen but shifted her attention back to the spider hanging out on her wall. Probably planning how best to attack them for dinner. She shuddered.

Within seconds, Alex retrieved the broom and dustpan, whacked the hell out of the thing, and headed down the hall to flush it. When he reappeared in the living room, Morgan emerged from her hiding spot, ran across the room, and leaped on him, her arms and legs locking around him.

“My hero,” she crooned, scattering kisses over his face. “And this is why I adore you, pumpkin. It’s the little things like smashing a spider to hell and back that shows me how much you really love me.”

Alex whispered something in his wife’s ear that set her off in giggles. No. God no, Kim didn’t want to know what he’d said.

But Kim’s mind started whirling.

The little things.

Images flashed in front of her as if a wide screen had been set up on the far wall. Ronin at the Seattle Wedding Expo with his sister, laughing and teasing her. Ronin, his beautiful, dark eyes wide at the sound of their baby’s heartbeat. Ronin, bursting through the cubicle at the hospital. Ronin, sitting next to her on the bed, taking care of her while she’d been on bedrest.

Ronin, admitting his fear of heights to her in the doctor’s exam room, yet braving her office building with the glass elevator just to bring her food that would soothe her morning sickness.

That was Ronin.

Wild, raw, protective, funny, smart…loving.

He’d showed her his love time and again with those tiny gestures and had never asked her for anything in return. Except for her love. And she’d run away from him. Selfishly, cowardly, she’d withheld it from him.

But now she could repay those small things with a big one. By letting go of all her fears for him.

Yes. God, yes, she loved him.

He’d been right about her shutting people out. If she did, then her heart couldn’t get broken. The inevitable rejection wouldn’t hurt.

But Ronin would never reject her; in his eyes, she’d always been worthy. Always been enough.

She just had to believe it.

She just had to open that door.

“I think that lightbulb thingy just went off over head,” Morgan stage-whispered.

Oh, it had.

She couldn’t have prayed for a more perfect father for their child than Ronin.

But would he still want her in the package deal?





Chapter Eighteen


Saturday morning, Kim stood at the door of a luxury condo in a building owned by Bishop Enterprises. Alex had cleared her way with security so she could have access to the penthouse.

Nerves coiled and twisted in her stomach, and for an instant, she reconsidered showing up at this place out of the blue. With a certainty she wouldn’t be welcomed. Maybe not even allowed entrance. Which would sting, but she could say what she had to from the hallway if needed. Would she rather be anywhere other than this? God, yes. But while she waited to resolve things with Ronin, who was currently in Denver for an away game, she had to do this. It was time.

Sucking in a breath through what felt like collapsed lungs, she rapped her knuckles on the huge front door of the penthouse. Seconds passed before it swung open and her father appeared in the doorway.

She’d been prepared to come face-to-face with him. Had readied herself for the emotional backlash. She’d expected to…feel. Had anticipated anger, fear, or sadness swelling up to consume her, overwhelm her. But there was just nothing. And there was a sweet relief in that.

“Kimberly.” He scowled and, leaning forward, glanced left and right. “How did you get up here without me approving it?”

“Alex,” she said. “I knew that if I asked to come up, you wouldn’t have permitted it. So I didn’t ask.”

“Well, what do you want?” he snapped. “Is this about that tasteless gossip that’s circulating about you being pregnant by some football player?” He scoffed. “I hope you didn’t expect a congratulations from me. Not when Bishop Enterprises is connected to this circus.”

No, she hadn’t expected congratulations, or an acknowledgment of his grandchild.

“No, Malcolm. I haven’t come by to apologize for having a baby or for your well-wishes. Don’t worry; I won’t hold you long.” She slipped her hands into the pockets of her coat. “I just wanted to let you know that you abandoned me my entire life. First, by not being there for me when I was a child, and now, even as an adult, by refusing to acknowledge me as your daughter. I convinced myself it didn’t matter, that I didn’t need a father in my life. And yet, all I’ve tried to do is prove to you that I’m just as valuable as Alex to you and to Bishop Enterprises. I’ve worked harder and longer to win your love. A love that isn’t there.”

He uttered a sound of disgust, his eyebrows drawn down into a fierce frown. “Kimberly, this is—”

“Just a few more minutes, please,” she interrupted, then continued. “I think I realized all along that trying to win your approval and affection was a fruitless battle. But it’s just now that I’m accepting it. Maybe because I have a child of my own on the way, and I can no longer hold any anger toward you. That would only rob my baby of part of its mother. I don’t want to be trapped and tied to you by a lack of forgiveness. All this time, I’ve been focused on what I didn’t have, but I was missing what I’ve had all along. I have a brother, a new sister, and a niece who loves me. More importantly, I love myself. That’s been a process, and I’ve made a lot of mistakes. I’ve hurt people with my choices just like you have. But I’m determined to fix mine. I want love in my life. I want family. A crazy, noisy, messy, perfect family. One you will miss out on. Because I’m not the outsider in the Bishops, Malcolm. You are. By choice. But one day, if you decide you want us, we’ll be there. But none of us—especially me—will wait any longer.”

She pivoted and walked toward the elevator. Then she paused, glanced over her shoulder, and made eye contact with her father. “And Malcolm?” He hadn’t returned back to his apartment but stood in the doorway, staring after her. “I forgive you.”

She stepped into the waiting elevator and let the doors close.





Chapter Nineteen


Ronin disembarked the chartered United Boeing 767 with the rest of the team at Tacoma International Airport. He shivered into his coat. The temperature in Seattle on a Sunday night was only about ten degrees or so higher than in Denver. Tugging his collar higher, he waited while their luggage arrived.

It’d been a tough game, but they’d pulled it out, 28-27. They’d needed this win after the previous week’s heartbreak. Now, back home, they could look forward to Victory Monday by not having practice. He groaned slightly as he hefted his duffel bag over his shoulder. Denver’s cornerbacks were some of the best in the league, and they’d proven it tonight by taking Ronin down more than a couple of times. Still, with a touchdown, one hundred yards, and eight catches, he had a good game. Yeah, not bad at all. Tomorrow, he could rest and relax. In his house. By himself.

Where the memories of Kim walking out haunted him like a ghost caught in a loop.

I’m sorry. Click of the door. I’m sorry. Click of the door. I’m sorry. Click of the door.

Before he’d left for the game, he’d been about to go bunk in one of Dom’s many rooms to get away from reminders of her. Hell, he still might.

“Hey.” Dom bumped his shoulder with his. “Stop thinking so damn much. You’re making my head hurt.”

“Someone has to do it for both of us,” Ronin drawled. “Tenny picking you up?”

“Yeah,” Dom said, “You need a ride, or are you good?”

Ronin shook his head. “I’m good. I left the truck back at the facility. I’ll ride the bus back there.”

Dom nodded. Studied him. “You talk to Kim?”

Ronin clenched his jaw. He’d given Dom and Zeph the abbreviated version of what had gone down with Kim. He damn sure didn’t feel like rehashing it or, God forbid, talking with his friend about his feelings. He’d done that one time with Kim, and look how that shit had turned out. That was a nope on a repeat.

“No,” he said, with a ton of “let it go” in that reply.

But Dom was never one to let anything go. Ronin sighed. He’d hate to have to drop his friend in the middle of the domestic terminal.

“Are you going to call her when you get home? She’s had time to think, to reconsider. Maybe she’s willing to talk again. You are having a baby together.” Dom shot him a glance. “You’re one of the easiest-going men I know, Ronin. Give her another chance.”

Ronin didn’t answer. What could he say to that? It wasn’t about giving her another chance. Not when she didn’t want that—not a chance, or him. He couldn’t force her to open up her heart. To take a leap of faith.

Damn it, he wanted to be mad at her. Had tried. But he couldn’t. Not when he understood her history, past and recent. He couldn’t blame her for not wanting to risk being hurt again, when not too long ago, he’d resolved the same. Risking loving again, knowing he could very well lose another loved one, was terrifying as fuck.

So yeah, he couldn’t blame her. Didn’t mean that shit didn’t feel like a fire poker had taken up permanent residence in his chest.

“Getting put on your ass by those corners make you slow?” Zeph appeared at Ronin side, snatching him from his thoughts.

Thank fuck.

“I have no idea what you mean,” Ronin said, scratching his temple…with his middle finger.

Zeph laughed, his grin wide.

Ronin frowned. Yeah, he was hilarious but not that funny.

“What the hell is all that?” Dom demanded as they neared the frozen, quiet escalators. “The airport is closed. Why’re all these people here?”

Ronin glanced in the direction Dom stared, and his frowned deepened as he descended the steps of the escalator. Confused, he scanned the crowd at the bottom. Were those reporters and cameramen? What the hell? They weren’t doing another media session, were they? The one after the game had been enough. He was tired…

He drew to a sharp halt halfway down.

What…?

Kim.

The reporters formed a thick half arc around where she waited at the foot of the silent stairs.

With a stack of cardboard posters in her arms. “Silent Night” by the Temptations echoed in the now utterly quiet airport from the iPhone on the floor next to a portable speaker at Kim’s feet.

She flipped the large cue cards around.

HI.

His breath snagged in his throat as she dropped the card to the floor. What was she doing? Kim, who hated being in the media spotlight. Kim, who’d bolted because news of her pregnancy and that he was the baby’s father had hit the fan. Now, she stood there with that same media as witnesses to…this.

I’VE BEEN AN IDIOT.

Another card fell to her feet.

I’VE HURT YOU

AND I’M SORRY.

He curled his fingers around the bannister of the escalator, holding tight. His heart thudded against his sternum, the pounding echoing in his head and almost drowning out The Temptations crooning about Christ the savior being born.

Kim, whose worry was being viewed as a gold digger in the eyes of the public and media, of being reduced to a ball player’s baby mama or side chick instead of as her own independent, successful person… That Kim now stood in front of his team, a throng of reporters and cameras, and was probably at this moment live-streaming on social media, reenacting one of the final scenes of Love Actually. Making herself vulnerable. To him.

For him.

He swallowed. Hard.

She dropped another card, revealing the next one.

SINCE YOU’VE BEEN GONE…

I’VE LOOKED LIKE THIS.

She dropped that card and held a poster with a blown-up image of Kim Kardashian with a serious ugly-cry face. Snickers erupted from behind him, as it did from the journalists around her.

I’VE COME TO REALIZE…

THAT I’M A DAUGHTER.

A SISTER.

A FRIEND.

A SOON-TO-BE-MOTHER.

AND I’M ALSO THE WOMAN…

WHO LOVES YOU.

Well fuck. He recognized the words he’d said to her Wednesday.

I’M OPENING MY DOOR.

TO YOU.

ONLY TO YOU.

She dropped that card, and pure joy and wonder swelled up in him at the image on the next one. A huge image of their baby from the sonogram. The little, alien-looking, beautiful child. His child. No. Theirs.

“I think he or she has your head,” Dom whispered from behind him.

“Shaddup,” Ronin murmured without glancing over his shoulder.

After a long moment, she dropped the sonogram.

PEANUT MISSES YOU.

He barely swallowed his bark of laughter.

I LOVE YOU.

Those three words, so stark, written in black ink propelled him down the remaining metal steps. A roar of applause rose up, deafening in the airport, as he snatched her up, the cue card crumbling between their bodies.

Cameras clicked and lights flashed as he crushed his mouth to hers. She wrapped her arms around his neck, opening for him as she always did. Giving him all of her—her mouth, her body, her heart. This time, he didn’t doubt it. Nothing could have declared her love more than this display tonight. Joy and love for this woman crashed inside him, over him.

“How did you put all this together?” he growled against her lips, his hands cradling her face. He couldn’t resist pressing another fast, hard kiss to her mouth.

“Quickly, and by promising a lot of favors. Including to my brother and Zephirin.” She grinned, her fingers circling his wrists and holding on. “He paved the way with your coach, who I managed to convince this would be wonderful publicity for the team. He was a harder sell than convincing the airport to allow us in after closing hours.”

“You’re scary,” he murmured, shaking his head and meaning it in the best way possible.

Her smile faded. “I’m so sorry, Ronin,” she whispered. “I’m sorry I pushed you away because of my own fear and issues. You are nothing, nothing like Matt or my father. And I’m sorry that I ever made you feel or think that I believed that. You’re good, Ronin Palamo. Such a good man. And I don’t want to be alone. I don’t want to be without you, and not just as a father to our baby. I want you.” She pressed a kiss to his beard, his mouth, his cheek.

“You have me, hala,” he promised. He parted her lips once more with a kiss that had his cock pounding against his zipper. God, he’d missed her. “Now guide me home.”





Epilogue


“Oh my God, I can’t believe I’m at the Mystic Pizza,” Kim blurted…for about the tenth time in the hour since arriving at the iconic restaurant in Mystic, Connecticut. Once more, she surveyed the upper level of the building packed with friends, family, and several of Ronin, Dom, and Zeph’s teammates on a Saturday night.

Framed photos and stills from the movie, along with pictures of other celebrities, claimed the wall space. Booths and tables filled the medium-sized room, and large picture windows offered a beautiful view of Mystic’s quaint Main Street. Two mounted flat-screen televisions played the film, and for just a moment, she got caught up in Daisy pouring a tank full of lobster and seaweed into Charlie’s red Porsche. The woman had style.

Ronin groaned next to her. “No, not you, too. One eighties geek in this family is enough.”

She frowned at him, even though a warm glow spread through her at “family.” Yes, the group of friends Ronin had introduced her to—who had welcomed her with open arms—had indeed become her family. When she’d arrived in Seattle all those months ago, she’d only had Alex and Morgan. Now, the woman who had once yearned to be surrounded by loud, boisterous, loving relations had more than her share.

“Sophia isn’t a geek,” she muttered. Then ruined the mock annoyance by snorting. “She’s more of a”—she scrunched up her nose—“connoisseur.”

“If that’s French for geek, then okay, I’ll go with it.” He shrugged a big shoulder.

She laughed, and Ronin’s eyes widened, his face twisting into a comical grimace. “Don’t do that,” he exclaimed in a horrified whisper. “That demented cackle will terrify the baby.”

He bent his head over the almost-two-month old infant in Kim’s arms. Ori Grayson Palamo blinked his gray eyes, staring up at his father. He waved a tiny fist then tried to grasp the long dark strands hanging down around him. Ronin grinned, his love for his son obvious in the gesture and the light in his dark eyes.

A tight fist seized her heart, and her breath caught as it usually did whenever she saw this giant of a man with the miniature, perfect, beautiful human they’d created together. He was their miracle.

“Yes,” Kim drawled, her voice husky with emotion. “He looks terrified.”

“He’s being brave and covering it up. That’s what us Palamo men do.” Ronin bumped his huge fist against the baby’s small, curled fingers.

She snickered. When Ronin had discovered they were having a boy, he’d done a victory lap around the doctor’s office, damn near knocking over the sonogram machine. His joy hadn’t dimmed in the least at “adding numbers to his side.”

“Okay, you’ve had the little guy for five whole minutes now,” Tenny announced, appearing at Kim’s side. She stretched out her arms toward Kim and wiggled her fingers, her diamond solitaire engagement ring twinkling under the restaurant’s lighting. “Gimme.”

Chuckling, she handed over Ori to one of his honorary aunts. Ori had only been here weeks, but between Tenny, Dom, Sophia, Zephirin, Renee, and Jason, he was spoiled shamelessly by his “uncles and aunts.” Though Tenny had started a new job with Seattle’s Department of Social and Health Services Children’s Administration several months ago, Kim couldn’t help but notice the softening and longing in her eyes every time she held Ori.

Maybe by this time next year, there might be another baby in their circle to love and spoil.

“I still don’t understand how such a cute kid has you as a father,” Dom said, shaking his head at Ronin. “I think that mystery is going to go down alongside the Bermuda Triangle and UFOs.”

“See, you’re lucky I promised the wife I wouldn’t drop F-bombs, or else I might get put out of this family establishment,” Ronin warned.

Kim’s fingers tingled with the urge to trace the piratical arch of his eyebrow. Caress the proud angle of his cheekbone. Brush the sensual curve of his bottom lip. Stroke the fullness of his beard. Damn, did she love this man.

Loved being his wife. God, who would’ve thought she’d be married again? Much less to a football player? But one morning, about a month after her very public display of affection at the airport, Ronin had rolled over and proposed to her. Because, in his words, “I love the hell out of you, and my baby isn’t going to have my last name and his mother not have it.”

The most romantic proposal ever.

She smiled, remembering that day and the unseasonably warm March one a couple of months later. Ronin had married her in the backyard of his mother’s farm, surrounded by their families. It’d been intimate, small, simple—very different from her first lavish wedding. And it’d been absolute perfection.

Their life was perfection. She’d decided to stay on at the Seattle office, and with the way she’d helped turn the Grand around, they welcomed her presence with open arms. Her father had returned to the East Coast. Their relationship hadn’t improved, but for once in her life, she was okay with it. Because it no longer stole any of her peace or self-worth. The Warriors had made the play-offs and had gone all the way to the National Football Conference championship game. They’d lost to the Minnesota Vikings, but they were already looking forward to going all the way the next year.

Her family had grown, with Ronin’s mother and sisters. Kim adored the nosy, boisterous, hilarious lot of them. Already, Hana had demanded that Kim be a bridesmaid in her wedding the following year. And Ronin’s mother had been pronounced cancer-free only weeks earlier. Though Ronin had remained strong for his family, he’d wept tears of relief and joy in Kim’s arms the night they’d received the news.

Yes, she’d been blessed with a life that she hadn’t thought possible for her. She slipped an arm around Ronin’s waist, and he wrapped a heavy arm around her shoulders, pressing a kiss to the top of her head. Leaning against his shoulder, she smiled, completely enraptured by her husband and son. She thanked God every day for them. For all of it.

“Shh, everyone!” Giovanna, Sophia’s identical twin, yelled, waving her hands. “Here they come!”

Immediately, the noise in the restaurant dimmed, and a couple of minutes later, the echo of Zephirin and Sophia’s voices drifted from the stairwell.

“I can’t believe you brought me to Mystic Pizza!” Her shriek of excitement reached the room upstairs. “Zephirin Black, you are so getting lucky tonight. I’ll do that thing you like…”

Muffled laughter swept through the dining room, and Ronin snickered in Kim’s ear. “I hope Tenny is covering Ori’s ears.”

Kim swallowed a laugh just as Zephirin and Sophia appeared in the doorway.

“Surprise!” they all yelled, and Sophia eyes rounded, her lips parting. Beside her, the normally reserved Zephirin grinned widely. Kim had to hand it to the tight end. He’d managed to keep Sophia in the dark about secretly inviting and flying in all of her family and friends to the famed pizza parlor.

“I think he wants his mom,” Tenny said, passing a crying Ori back to Kim.

Poor baby. He’d been startled by the sudden noise. Before she could cradle him close, Ronin scooped him out of her arms and placed him on his shoulder, crooning to him and rubbing circles over his back. Her ovaries executed perfect cartwheels then exploded in a sparkly shower.

Catching her stare, Ronin winked at her. Hell, she couldn’t wait to get back to their hotel room to do that thing he liked…

“What is this?” Sophia asked, shock still warring with joy on her lovely face. She turned to Zephirin. “What—”

Her question ended on a gasp as the tight end sank to one knee in front of her.

“Sophia, no one who knew our story could call it…conventional.” A smile flirted with his lips, and considering what Ronin had told Kim about how the other couple met, that was an understatement. “Yet, my life has been more exhilarating, joyful, more…complete since you entered it. I don’t like to think about a time when you weren’t beside me, loving me, supporting me, believing in me. And I can’t imagine not waking up to you every morning, not having the comfort of knowing you are by my side. I was created to love you.”

He reached into his pocket and withdrew a small black box and opened it. Sophia gasped, her hands covering her mouth. Even from across the room, Kim could glimpse the big, sparkling diamond nestled inside. Wow.

“He’s obviously overcompensating for something,” Dom murmured.

Ronin coughed, covering a laugh, and Tenny popped her fiancé in the gut.

“Sophia Cruz, would you do me the great honor of becoming my wife and wearing my ring and sharing my life?” he asked, never removing his gaze from her face.

Sophia released a loud sob and threw herself at him. Thank God the man was big enough to catch her, or they would’ve both crashed to the floor.

“Yes, damn it! Yes!” she yelled, and Zephirin’s crack of laughter echoed in the air, along with deafening applause from everyone in the restaurant.

Sophia’s parents and sister rushed the couple, along with Zephirin’s grandmother and sister, whom he’d flown in from Louisiana.

“It’s all good,” Ronin said, a smile curving his lips. “This is good.”

Kim glanced at Dom and Tenny beside them, wrapped in each other’s arms, then at Zeph and Sophia, newly engaged, in love, and smothered by their family.

Turning to the man she loved with all her heart, she rose onto her tiptoes and pressed a kiss to her son’s back and then to Ronin’s mouth.

“Yes, it’s all good.”





Did you love this Brazen? Check out more of our steamy titles here!

Don’t miss another book by Naima Simone! Sign up for the Brazen newsletter here.





Acknowledgments


Thank you, Father, for never failing me. You are my guiding light, my creative source, my everything. There are times when I think I can’t find another word, write another book, and I write. I can’t do it without You, and I don’t want to.

To Gary. You have been my rock, my cheerleader, my butt-kicker (not literally! LOL), my life coach, my chef, my personal foot-rubber. I love you so much for just being you. And for loving me, deadline craziness and all!

To Tracy Montoya aka Slayer of Conflict-Beleaguered Manuscripts. Or should that be Conflict-Free Manuscripts? I think both fit me. LOL! Thank you for always challenging me to do more, go further, and be better. You’ve been a teacher as well as an editor, and I appreciate every time you’ve gone to bat and balls-to-the-walls for me and my books. If only we could work past this man-bun thing…

To Rachel Brooks. Thank you for being not just a wonderful agent, but my champion and cooler head. And for encouraging me to live my best writer’s life. I’m still having T-shirts made saying that. Don’t worry, I’ll give you credit. LOL! I’m excited about all the things ahead!

To Andie Rutledge. You have been my Seattle Yoda. Or rather, “Seattle Yoda, you have been.” Hah! Thank you for tirelessly answering all my questions about your hometown. This series would never have the flavor of this beautiful city without all your input as well as your love and enthusiasm. Don’t be surprised when I show up on your doorstep. Have my guest bedroom ready!

To Sharon Amdur-Goodroe. Thank you for giving me the best reason EVAH for a man to rock a man bun. LOL!

To Debra Glass. Your critical eye; invaluable advice; insightful critique; and beautiful, huge heart has helped me write every book in my career. And has gifted me with a precious friendship. I love you!

To Jason Momoa. Thank you for being my inspiration for Ronin! And I promise I won’t tell a soul how much you love and adore me. You can trust me! That’ll continue to be our little secret. Shh!





About the Author


USA Today bestselling author Naima Simone’s love of romance was first stirred by Johanna Lindsey, Sandra Brown, and Linda Howard many years ago. Well, not that many. She is only eighteen…ish. Though her first attempt at a romance novel starring Ralph Tresvant from New Edition never saw the light of day, her love of romance, reading, and writing has endured. Published since 2009, she spends her days—and nights—writing sizzling romances with a touch of humor and snark.

She is wife to Superman, or his non-Kryptonian, less bulletproof equivalent, and mother to the most awesome kids ever. They all live in perfect, sometimes domestically challenged bliss in the southern United States.

Come visit Naima at www.naimasimone.com.

Discover the WAGS series

Scoring with the Wrong Twin

Scoring Off the Field


Also by Naima Simone…

Only for a Night

Only for Your Touch

Only for You

Beauty and the Bachelor

The Millionaire Makeover

The Bachelor’s Promise

A Millionaire at Midnight

Witness to Passion

Killer Curves

Secrets and Sins: Gabriel

Secrets and Sins: Malachim

Secrets and Sins: Raphael

Secrets and Sins: Chayot





If you love sexy romance, one-click these steamy Brazen releases…


Playing Dirty


a Sydney Smoke Rugby novel by Amy Andrews

Sydney Smoke star recruit Kyle Leighton can’t believe the best sex of his life was just a one-night stand. He didn’t even know her name… Until she shows up at the locker room and he connects the dots. Coach has one hard and fast rule: Never, ever date (much less f*ck ten ways to Sunday) his daughter. And not only did Kyle break that rule, but he wants to break it over and over again.





Hitting It


a Locker Room Diaries novel by Kathy Lyons

If journalist Heidi Wong wants to keep her job, she needs to come up with a story—fast! That’s why she tells her boss that she knows the Bobcat’s reclusive new slugger, Rob Lee. And she does...in the Biblical sense. But everyone knows reporters and athletes don’t mix. Or do they?





Served Cold


a Best Revenge novel by Marie Harte

On weekly wine night with her friends, Ann finds herself pledging to get justice for the past. Her target is Jack, her first love who cruelly dumped her in high school. For a second chance at a future with Ann, Jack is ready to do whatever it takes. Until her true motive for rekindling their romance comes to light, and Jack must decide if love can push through the lie.





Rules of Entanglement


a Fighting for Love novel by Gina L. Maxwell

Pretending to be engaged to Vanessa MacGregor isn’t so bad. But while acting like they’re in love in public is doable, once they’re inside and heating up the sheets, the line between pretend and reality begins to blur. Especially when Jax is presented with the ultimate challenge—Vanessa has seven rules that dictate her future, and he only has seven days to make her break them if he wants to be in it.





