Her Naughty Suitor


Falling for a Rose Book Ten





Stephanie Nicole Norris





Contents




Chapter 1



Chapter 2



Chapter 3



Chapter 4



Chapter 5



Chapter 6



Chapter 7



Chapter 8



Chapter 9



Chapter 10



Chapter 11



Chapter 12



Chapter 13



Chapter 14



Chapter 15



Chapter 16



Chapter 17



Chapter 18



Chapter 19



Chapter 20



Epilogue





Other Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris



About the Author





Note from the Publisher: This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead or references to locations, persons, events or locations is purely coincidental. The characters, circumstances and events are imaginative and not intended to reflect real events.





Her Naughty Suitor

Falling for a Rose Book Ten

Copyright 2019 Stephanie Nicole Norris

Love is a Drug, Ink.





All Rights Reserved and Proprietary.





No part of this book may be reproduced, in any form or format without written permission from Author. Send all requests via email to

stephanie@stephanienicolenorris.com.





To those who dare to dream of a love that sweeps you off your feet, never settle. You are worthy.





Chapter One





“I had my first orgasm from the immersed flick of his tongue.”

Phoebe Alexandria Rose halted her steps, twirling quickly with rising brows. Her mouth fell open as she stared at her sister.

“It was the wildest burst of heat I’ve ever felt in my life.” With legs crossed, Eden sat poised at her vanity table, with a brush in her hand and a faraway look in her eyes. “The things he did with his mouth—the way his tongue slipped across my vagina, the way he sucked me in—hungry, deprived as if finally finding the fountain of life.” Eden kept her eyes on Phoebe. “It was, quintessentially, the most I’ve ever felt zero control over my own flesh. He ruled me, and whatever his direction, I obliged.”

Phoebe’s heart rate increased as her sister spoke. She was unmoving, her feet planted, and with each second that Eden’s pulse accelerated from memory, so did Phoebe’s.

“It’s been two months, and still I can feel his lips kiss me below, soft and slow, hard and fast.” Eden tightened her thighs to calm her thumping vagina. “My dreams are invaded by him, and I often go through my workday on a cloud.”

When Phoebe grimaced, Eden corrected. “I do handle my responsibilities, thank God. That’s not disturbed. It’s the way in which I go about it, with my mind in a constant state of wonder.”

Phoebe moved suddenly, folding her arms and walking over to Eden. Standing in front of her, Phoebe studied the glow on Eden’s face and sparkle in her eyes.

“When did this happen?”

Eden finally broke her sister’s connection, turning her head to the mirror before her.

“Christmas night.”

Phoebe stared at her sister, remembering the conversation they had that very evening about Derek James Clark, the one man that held Eden’s heart. Once upon a time, Derek and Eden seemed to be on the road to a relationship. Besides their daily phone conversations, the two of them often worked in the field together with Derek being one of Chicago’s top realtors and Eden, an interior designer extraordinaire. They, along with Eden’s brother and architect, Jacob Alexander Rose, often partnered on projects that would include Jacob’s and Eden’s services should the buyer request them. But after Derek’s sudden disappearing act, Eden became uncertain that he was indeed the man for her, and Phoebe witnessed her sister’s heart ache at the thought of it. It was the reason Phoebe wasn’t surprised when Eden acted flustered from her run-in with Derek at their family’s annual Christmas party. But soon after, Eden decided she was tired of waiting for marriage to fulfill her sexual desires. She’d told Phoebe as much almost in those exact words.

“I miss him,” she said.

Phoebe nodded. “Of course you do. You love him.”

Eden’s heart double-tapped. “And…” Eden added, “I want him.”

Phoebe went to respond, but Eden interrupted her with a lift of her finger.

“I’m not talking about in the sense of a relationship.”

Phoebe’s open mouth closed, and she frowned. Eden retraced her words. “Wait, that’s not what…” she sighed. “Of course, I do want a relationship with him, but right now, I’m talking about sex.”

Phoebe’s arched brow lifted even further with that revelation.

“Are you sure? Don’t feel pressured because—”

“I’m sure,” Eden said. “If it’s a mistake, it’s my mistake to make, right?”

Phoebe shut her lips, piercing them slightly as she stared at her triplet.

“You’re right. I just want to point out that this will be different.”

“How do you mean?”

“For starters, this is not just some guy that you don’t have feelings for. This is Derek James Clark. When you have sex, it bonds you closer than you’ve ever been before. Nothing can compare to it, and all bets are off when you cross that line. Hear me, sis, when I say you won’t want him any less. If anything, you’ll be more drawn to him. And I just want you to make the right decision because contrary to popular belief, I will kill Derek if he crosses you.”

Eden had laughed Phoebe off that day, but Phoebe was as serious as serious could get. Now, hearing Eden’s confession, Phoebe was back to worrying that Derek would eventually break Eden’s heart, and she locked her jaw as she watched her sister.

Eden’s jet black, tightly curled, shoulder-length hair held a spring with every move she made. Soulful, dark brown eyes stared back at her, and on an intake of breath, Eden shuddered, her lids closing as she worked to shake the memory.

“I knew it,” Phoebe murmured. “You both reappeared at the same time but on different ends of the room.”

Eden glanced back to Phoebe and pulled the terry cloth robe up her shoulder in an effort to shake off another quiver.

“Did you…go all the way?”

“No, but not because of any resistance of my own.”

Phoebe lifted a brow. “Wait, you’re saying he was the one to pump the brakes?”

“Yes.”

“And since then?”

“I haven’t been in his company.”

“You’re evading him now,” Phoebe said matter of factly.

Eden glanced at her sister through the mirror. “Why do you know that?”

“Why do I know anything that has to do with you or Jasmine? We’re linked together forever it seems.”

Jasmine was their third identical sister. The three of them born triplets to Christopher Lee and their late mother, Janet Rose. They were tossed into the spotlight of a wealthy multimillionaire family, with their father being former CEO of Rose Bank & Trust Credit Union and Gemz, a chewing gum factory. Both companies and their subsidiaries were now thriving under the ownership of Christopher’s sons, Jonas and Josiah Alexander Rose.

“When we were at the Christmas party, you had a change of heart about being with him, so why are you dodging him now? Has that changed again?”

Eden bit her bottom lip as she kept her eye on Phoebe’s image behind her.

“I’m not sure. Is it okay to say that?”

Phoebe nodded. “It is, but what’s going on in your head? Talk to me.”

Eden sighed. “I’m so confused now, Phoebe.” Eden’s gaze traveled back to her own image. “Christmas night, I was sure being with Derek sexually was what I wanted. I still do, but…” Eden closed her eyes then reopened them, pinning her sister with a look of fear. “You were right. What we shared did bring us closer…or maybe I should say it made me feel even more connected to him.” She sighed. “Now, I’m terrified. What if he isn’t the one? I feel as if I’ve been grooming my whole life around the fact that we would one day be together—that it was just a matter of time. I haven’t once considered it could be someone else, and honestly, I don’t know how to detach myself from this need to want him. And I mean in every way, not just sexually.”

Eden swallowed. “I think I should date other people.”

Phoebe unfolded her arms, her eyes enlarging as she raised her hands in surrender. “Wait a minute, hold on before you get ahead of yourself.” Phoebe’s thoughts shuffled. “Okay, so I get what you’re saying. But, there is a thing called rebounding and—”

“Jesus, Phoebe.” Eden locked her jaw and rolled her eyes.

“What?”

“I’m looking for an explanation here, and you’re about to tell me why I shouldn’t see other people. Instead of doing that, tell me what I should do.”

Phoebe pursed her lips. “You should have a conversation with Derek. Seeing other people won’t stop you from loving Derek. You’ll have to break it off with him completely. You’ll have to get him out of your spirit.”

The thought of ridding her heart of Derek James Clark made Eden’s soul weaken just a bit. Her throat clogged, and she released a staggering breath after holding it in for too long.

“I can’t.”

It came out like a cracked whisper, but Phoebe didn’t need her sister to repeat it to know what she said.

“I need another alternative.”

Eden stared at her sister, her gaze screaming for help without the necessary aid from her voice.

“See it through. But understand that Derek may not be ready sis, and if that’s the case, it’s going to hurt like hell when you come to grips with it, and I will be here for you if that happens. Okay?”

Phoebe’s voice was soft and comforting as she reached out and sat her palms on top of Eden’s shoulders. Eden only nodded with tightly crushed lips that had almost thinned the harder she pressed her mouth closed.

“You’ll see him tonight at this charity dinner. Are you ready for that?”

Of course she wasn’t, but that was neither here nor there. Eden took in a deep breath and steadied her heart rate.

In a collaborative effort, the Rose family and the Valentine family, another one of Chicago’s elite household dynasties, partnered with the Royals of Kéra Asnela—an African tribe that brought forth a plan to create a pipeline of resources including vegetation, to help replenish the hunger crisis in the city. Their efforts brought aid from other elite and royal families, and tonight was their first charitable benefit dinner in which the starting cost of a plate was fifteen thousand dollars.

“Here’s hoping I’ll have enough interference to not run into Derek,” Eden said.

Phoebe twisted her lips. “Yeah, I wouldn’t count on that, sis.”

Eden’s heart thumped faster at the prospect of seeing him. All of her life, Eden lived by rules. Besides structuring her daily goings-on around a schedule, a plan, and organization, Eden was a stickler for the moral code. She believed in doing unto others as you would have them do unto you. She’d seen karma in its fury with others and wanted no part of it.

Moreover, it was written into Eden’s DNA to uphold laws, be an abiding citizen, and do her role in the uplifting of humanity. It was the sole reason waiting until marriage to become intimate was a no-brainer. But after Derek went silent on her, sending Eden’s calls to voicemail or just not answering at all, Eden wasn’t sure the marriage she’d thought would happen would be a thing of reality. And she wanted it, that dream house, the man, the kids, the life. She craved it as only a hopeless romantic would. So on Christmas night, at her parents’ estate in the far corners of a dark room, Eden tossed aside every moral code she’d grown to live by—seducing Derek to quench her thirst for him.

She wiggled from his grasp and turned around to face him, simultaneously treading her fingers in a skip up her back where she unzipped her dress and wiggled out of its silk seams.

“Eden…” He pleaded, but she was on a mission, and it could not be deferred by any fight Derek was determined in putting up. The garment fell from her shoulders, and as if unwrapping the ultimate Christmas present, her flesh was exposed bit by bit. The peak of her brown areolas sent a flare of fire crashing into his groin, and her dark chocolate coated skin was thick in rich melanin that ran the distance from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet.

The gown settled in a pool around her ankles, and it was the first time he’d noticed she wasn’t wearing a bra and only the thin thong that clutched the curving hill of her vagina.

She didn’t say another word, only stood like a religious offering that could only be consumed by the likes of him. His resolve broke, and with one extended step, his hand reached to span the nape of her neck as he pulled her in a crush against his chest.

That night, he’d taken her, but not with penetration from the hard erection Eden felt pushing against her mound but from the slurp of his tongue. He’d dived right into her center and pulled an orgasm from her that left Eden twitching, her ears popping, and mouth hanging open. Derek hadn’t stopped there. After, he’d told her point blank period,

“Hear me, and hear me now, sweetheart. When I make love to you, there will be no escaping my domination. You will be mine, and I will never allow us to be a mere fling in the night.”

Eden had been on a cloud ever since. Not only did the sense of love for him grow because of their intimacy, now Eden knew if Derek wasn’t her future, she would be broken beyond repair. Horrified didn’t even begin to explain how that made her feel.

“You’re right. It doesn’t matter if we’re in a pitch-dark room, I can feel him when he’s near,” Eden trembled.

Phoebe didn’t respond. She knew all too well what Eden sensed. Phoebe felt it every time her fiancé was around. Phoebe also hoped for Derek’s sake that he didn’t break her sister’s heart. And after pondering on it a moment longer, she decided to try and have a quick pow-wow with him before Eden saw him tonight.

“What else do you need to do before you’re ready?” Phoebe asked. “Our limo is downstairs.”

Eden came out of the fog she was in and glanced up at her sister’s image behind her. “I thought you were riding with Quentin?”

A smile slipped across Phoebe’s face at the mention of her fiancé.

“I decided to ride with you and Jasmine. Besides, I’m always with Quentin. It’ll do him some good to miss me.”

“I’m surprised Jasmine won’t be with Luke.”

Phoebe laughed. “She would if she could, but because he’s the mayor, he’s already there, and you know Jasmine is on CP time.”

That made Eden perk up as a soft laugh fell from her lips.

“I’ll be ready in ten minutes. I need to slip into my gown.”

“Okay. Let me know if you need help with that.”

Eden nodded, and Phoebe turned to leave the room.

“Phoebe…”

She turned back with a look of question.

“Thanks.”

Phoebe smirked then pivoted, going back to Eden where she tossed her arms around her and pushed puckered lips into her cheek.

“Aaah! My makeup!” Eden squealed. “Unhand me!” She shrieked, and Phoebe laughed and squeezed her.

“I love you, sister!” Phoebe sang.

Eden giggled. “Unhand me, I said!”

Phoebe squeezed Eden once more for good measure, then with a chuckle on her tongue, released her and left the room.

Shaking her head and looking back at her image in the mirror, Eden sighed. All of her evading had come down to this night. She would see Derek, and to get herself ready for that, she closed her eyes and whispered a little prayer, asking God to cover her heart.





Chapter Two





“So you’re just going to come up in here and slay everybody’s life with this beautiful mermaid gown?”

Phoebe and Jasmine laughed softly as Eden’s lips rose, and her eyes sparkled over at Carla Jones—a close friend of the family and admirer of their brother Jacob Alexander Rose.

“I have no idea what you’re talking about, beloved.”

Carla cracked a smile, and the two women chuckled as Carla’s brown eyes traveled over Eden’s formal wear. In a snow white, mermaid-style, long-sleeve belted dress, Eden had become the showstopper of the night. When she arrived alongside her sisters, every camera in the vicinity switched to gauge the trio, with their lenses zooming in on Eden’s goddess appearance. Making the ensemble glow even further, the peek of Eden’s chocolate skin from her neck, face, and the exposed thigh from the slit in her dress made her appear to be a halo of divinity.

“This is a black-tie event, and here you are in all white. I thought you weren’t a rule breaker,” Carla added.

“I’m not breaking any rules. For women, a black-tie event means wearing white, black, gray, or any combination of those colors. But you already know that.”

Carla chuckled. “Yeah, I’m just messing with you.”

Eden smirked. “And here I am entertaining your nonsense.”

Carla winked. “I had to do it. Besides, I needed you to understand that you’ve got every man in here gawking at you. Even some of those who are paired up with women. Good thing Jacob’s your brother, or else I might have to hurt you.”

Eden smirked as she swept her eyes around the venue. Black and white drapery hung against the walls. Crystal chandeliers dangled from the ceiling. Circular tables were also dressed in black and white with crystal tableware and sterling silverware. The crowd was thick with more prestigious families, friends, and businessmen pouring in by the second.

Most were dressed in black, with others complementing the color with white, silver, and some even bold enough to add touches of gold to their attire.

Eden’s eyes landed on a few of the men, each of them admiring her from afar, and Carla was right. Some of them were entwined with the arm of their leading lady while they kept Eden in their sight.

Carla leaned into a hip and whispered, “Mmhmm, you see it, don’t you?”

“You know she does,” Jasmine interjected.

Eden cleared her throat, her attention bouncing between Jasmine, Phoebe, and on to Carla.

“Don’t be ridiculous. It’s okay for people to look at other people here, right?”

Carla chuckled, her head falling back and her razor-sharp bob swaying across her shoulders—her mouth widened.

“There’s nothing to be ashamed about. You’re hot, and you know it. Who knows, maybe you’ll find that friend you’ve been looking for.”

Eden frowned. “What?”

“Ouch!” Carla turned her head to Phoebe and Jasmine, rubbing the sting on her arm as she glowered at them. “What the hell was that for?”

“You talk too much,” Jasmine said.

Carla’s mouth fell open. “Well, excuse me. I wasn’t aware I was supposed to be keeping a secret,” she whispered harshly.

Eden rolled her eyes. “If you all are going to talk about me, at least do it in my presence.”

“We do,” Jasmine said, “but we also talk about you behind your back.”

Eden’s brows arched.

“Not in a bad way, come on now,” Jasmine added. “You’re our little sister. We love you. Sometimes, we need to get together to see if we can help you if you need it.”

“And who says I need help?”

Jasmine eyed Phoebe, and Phoebe rolled her eyes and pursed her lips.

“Be serious, Eden, you know we talk about each other. Even you talk about us, so why are you surprised?”

Eden sighed. She wasn’t surprised, but that didn’t mean she had to like it.

“So what did you come up with since you’re all trying to ‘help’ me?”

“I think you should date other people,” Carla said.

Eden’s eyes widened.

“Ouch!” Carla shouted again. “What the hell, Jasmine!”

“We discussed this,” Jasmine said.

“Look, I was taught that the quickest way to get over a man was to get under a new one,” Carla shrugged.

Eden exhaled a slow breath.

“Don’t pay her any attention,” Phoebe said, glaring at Carla.

Carla stood her ground. “That’s my advice, but hey, I’m no genius, so maybe you should listen to your sisters.”

Phoebe turned to Eden. “We all think you should talk to Derek first.”

Carla mumbled something under her breath.

“What?” Jasmine looked over at Carla.

Carla shrugged again. “You don’t want to hear what I’ve got to say, so…” Carla shooed them with a flick of her hand.

“It’s up to you, Eden,” Jasmine added.

Phoebe’s glare moved from Carla to Jasmine.

“I mean,” Jasmine backtracked just a little. “We would advise you to talk to Derek first, but don’t throw yourself at his feet. And, if he gives you any resistance, cut him off. We got your back, period.”

Phoebe sighed and glanced back to Eden. “And if he doesn’t give you resistance,” Phoebe paused, “make him beg.”

Eden blinked several times. “Make him beg?”

All three of them nodded. It was the one thing they could agree on.

“We’re not talking about playing games here because that’s tiring and childish. But, make sure he’s groveling at your feet and serious about a relationship with you before you give in to…whatever it is that you’re giving in to,” Phoebe said. “You have no time to play with him, so if he can’t man up now, it’s never. There are plenty of fish in the sea, and you’ve got a host of applicants.”

The three of them nodded again just as a commotion at the entrance dragged their attention to the doors.

Cameras flashed so bright the illumination momentarily blinded the guests who looked on in interest to see who the new arrival was.

When he stepped through the door, it was the sharp cut of his jaw that first caught her attention. Eden’s gaze traveled to his smooth lips—lips that had done ungodly things as his tongue dove to her cervix—over chocolate-dipped skin, to a strong nose and sharp narrow eyes that were feathered with the flip of dark curved eyelashes and thick brows.

Her heart rate accelerated, and her stomach bottomed out at the magnificence of him. Derek was in a starched black Ferragamo suit that stretched over his masculinity with pleasurable ease. His look was different from every other man in attendance. While donned in black, a bow tie curved around the thick pillar of his throat instead of a necktie. A crisp, white, clean-lined, high-neck shirt instead of a button-down squeezed his muscular torso just an inch. Instead of single cuffs, double cuffs gleamed as they hung mere seconds from underneath the edge of his suit jacket; a jacket that held one button closed, making Derek James Clark a replica of 007 as he strolled through the door.

Eden’s pussy thumped as a frenzy assumed a dance in her panties. She would bet with every dime in her bank account that instead of a belt, he wore suspenders over those broad shoulders. He was one who couldn’t help but stand out in a crowd and stand out he did. As he worked the gathering of people, smiling and shaking hands from one recipient to the other, Eden didn’t realize she was holding her breath. It was when his titanic gaze flipped over to her that she remembered to exhale. But with that release came another ruckus. Her heart. It was threatening to jump from behind her breasts.

For the longest time, they stood there, him staring and Eden returning his gaze. Another long second ensued before his eyes traveled over her pecan face, down her nose, over her posh lips to her hefty breasts. The golden glint in his gaze darkened the lower his appraisal of her went. The mermaid dress suddenly felt like it was squeezing the life out of Eden, and when Derek’s stare paused at her center, Eden almost came where she stood. Her body was instantly packed with heat, as if she’d been struck with a fire that sizzled her bones and ashed her skin.

Phoebe’s voice broke through her trance. “Eden—”

Eden moved, leaving her sisters and Carla and pulling her gaze from Derek as her legs scurried through the massive crowd, desperate to find the ladies’ room.

“Excuse me, excuse me.” She pushed through the crowd, her heart slamming and pulse teetering as she practically ran from him. Through double doors, Eden sprinted into a stall and shut the access, pressing her back against the safe harbor of the metal. She exhaled and inhaled in a desperate attempt to calm her nerves.

“This was a mistake,” she murmured to herself. “I can’t…” She closed her eyes and held there, her mind distraught as she figured out what to do next.





He watched her flee, running through the crowd only to disappear around a draped corridor. Derek bit down on his jaw, his heart thumping as it tried to settle from the resplendent sight of her. Suddenly, he became warm, and his instincts told him to go after Eden. But he didn’t move as his thoughts ticked and he considered a possibility: she wanted nothing to do with him.

It wasn’t just a random assumption. Eden had shown as much—avoiding him at all costs since their annual Christmas party. After coming face to face with her in the billiard room, Derek tried his hand at giving Eden an explanation to his disappearing act.

Eden plucked the short glass out of Derek’s hand, taking the final swig that heated her throat and amped her spirit as her lids lowered into a scowl.

“I wasn’t avoiding—” At the deeper pierce of her gaze, Derek backtracked. “It was not my intention to make you feel deserted. You know I want nothing but the best for you, and at the time, I wasn’t sure if that person was me.”

He remembered her words like they were being whispered in his ear.

“Well, you know, Derek, that is why adults have conversations.” She stepped closer, centering her body with the breadth of his chest. “You and I had something special going.” She shrugged. “Now, that’s gone.”

“Gone?”

“I’m not about to play games with you,” Eden said, her lowered lids rising as she spoke. “If you don’t want me, I’ll find someone who does.”

Derek’s gut tightened as he glanced back to his longtime best friend and now mayor of Chicago, Luke Steele, who was currently engaged in a conversation with Derek’s father, Fredrick Clark.

As the two men spoke, Derek’s gaze traveled to Phoebe, Jasmine, and Carla, who stood in a group with inquisitive eyes on him. Derek could sense what they must have thought—a noncommittal bachelor, always at the center of attention, who had no intention of slowing down his Casanova lifestyle regardless of whose heart was at stake.

But it wasn’t true. At least, not all of it. Despite his playboy reputation, Derek’s heart was closed to everyone but Eden, even though he’d been raised to keep it guarded and vowed never to love again after that one time. Derek’s gaze left the women and flipped back to his father and friend. Growing up in the Clark household had its own set of challenges. For one, Derek’s father and mother divorced when he was eleven years old. His father apparently was also the noncommittal type. He raised his sons as if his words were law. Women were a distraction, and more than that, they couldn’t be trusted. Love was a weakness. As black men, to get ahead in this world, you had to become focused, cutthroat in business, be the person that someone needed so you would always have leverage.

When it came to women, never get attached, but have the time of your life and date often. As the eldest of three brothers, Derek had done just that, right up until his spell at Howard University when he met Tamera Shelton. Somehow, she’d managed to break through the barrier he kept on alert, and Derek fell for her hard.

That was, until Luke pulled him to the side for a conversation that almost ended their friendship.

“You know I wouldn’t bring this to you if I weren’t certain,” Luke said.

Derek’s brows furrowed. “I never thought I’d see the day.”

Luke frowned. “What are you talking about?”

“You’re jealous.”

Luke’s nostrils flared as he exhaled harshly through them. “I know you’re in love with her, so I’ll forgive you for coming at me like I’m some hater looking to bring you down. But listen to me. We may not have the same blood running through our veins, but that doesn’t make you any less of a brother. Your girl is untrustworthy. She’s tried to get at me more than once. The first time, I shook it off as an honest mistake. We were all drinking that night. But the second time, she wanted to make sure I understood where she was coming from.”

“She knocked on the door looking for you, and when I told her you weren’t here, she offered herself to me without blinking. You must know I’d never tell you this just to hurt you.”

Derek stared at Luke, his teeth now locked and bared on his friend.

“Prove it.”

Derek had been blinded by love. Though he knew Luke’s words were true, he needed to see it for himself. All it took was a phone call.

“Yeah, well,” Luke said when Tamera answered the phone, “I thought about it a little more, and you were right, I am digging you.” Luke watched Derek as he spoke to Tamera on the phone. “Why would I do that? You were bold when you came over here yesterday. Now you’re scared?”

Silence followed for a few seconds.

“I’ll be waiting.”

For twenty minutes of gut-wrenching anguish, Derek paced in front of the door, hoping Tamera wouldn’t show. But the knock on the door was the first nail in his heart. He removed himself into the shadows of the dorm room as Luke opened the entry.

“I thought you’d never come to your senses,” Tamera said, entering with a sway in her hips.

Long, jet black Brazilian hair waved across her shoulders, and she immediately slipped her arms around Luke for an intimate hug.

“I need to know,” Luke said, “why do you want me so bad, girl? You have a good guy in Derek.”

Tamera’s brows rose. “You’re right, he is everything. Smart, handsome, career-minded, everything a good girl could wish for, especially since he’s lived this playboy lifestyle with everyone else.” She shrugged. “But I’m no good girl, Luke, and men often attract the same energy they put out. Like Derek, I want my cake and eat it, too.” She licked her lips, flattered with herself. It was then that Luke couldn’t stand to be around her another second. He stepped out of his role just as Derek removed himself from the darkness.

“Is that right…”

The look in her eyes was one of surprise. As if to blame Luke for his deception, she slapped him across the face then quickly put on her acting role as she stepped away from him.

Luke glared after her.

“Baby, I was just looking for you.” She scowled over at Luke. “Your boy here was trying to put the moves on me. You should get new friends, but I’ve told you that before.”

Luke frowned. “She’s lying.”

“You’re good,” Derek said to Luke, his gaze traveling back to Tamera. “I knew when she previously said it, she was either lying or mistaken. And since I thought she was someone I could trust, I chopped it up to mistaken. But I can admit when I’m wrong.”

It was then that Derek remembered his father’s words.

“Women can’t be trusted; they’re a distraction, son. Mark my words. Stay focused.”

Derek hadn’t turned back since—elevating his career, enjoying his frivolous lifestyle, and making no excuses about it. He never intended to feel passion for another woman like he did with Eden. Through his teenage years, Derek befriended Eden by default. She was his best friend’s sister, so naturally he grew a love for her, felt protective of her, and wanted to see her excel. But when Eden matured to twenty-one, those friendly emotions turned. At what point they shifted was still a mystery to him.

For several years, six to be exact, Derek tried to ignore the elation that overshadowed him when she’d say something cute or ask questions about an activity that intrigued him, like his interest in restoring vintage vehicles. Her beauty had transformed from the adorable young lady she once was to this striking woman with her sharp features and graceful elegance. More than that, he’d noticed the change with the warmth that settled in his belly when she would walk into the room. His heart would kick up a fuss, and taking his eyes off her was impossible. Even now, he could still taste her pussy on his lips and smell the sweet scent of her plum as if she were sitting on his face making love to his mouth. Indulging in her Christmas night had taken his hesitation of being serious with her from fifty to one hundred.

And the promise he made was still relevant today, even if Eden was having a change of heart.

“Hear me, and hear me now, sweetheart. When I make love to you, there will be no escaping my domination. You will be mine, and I will never allow us to be a mere fling in the night.” His gaze glimmered as he held her murky, disoriented stare. “And it will be a cold day in hell before I let another man take what belongs to me.”

And he meant every word.





Chapter Three





“Eden, I know you’re in this stall. Could you please open the door?”

A toilet flushed, and a blonde-haired, blue-eyed Caucasian female cruised out of the last shed. She glanced at Phoebe, who stood at the first stall with her arms crossed and a worried expression on her face.

Behind the enclosed door, Eden shut her eyes for a long second then reopened them and twisted the lock on the entry. When it swung ajar, a mirrored image of Eden’s face stared back at her but with deep purple lipstick, eyeshadow, and a midnight gown that showcased her curves down to the hills of her thick hips. Phoebe’s dress flared over her derriere and settled at the top of her knees.

“I’m okay.”

Phoebe frowned.

“I just needed a minute.”

“Do you want to leave? I’ll take you home personally if you want to go.”

Eden pressed her lips together with one sway of her head.

“No, I’m overreacting.”

“I know you didn’t ask, but the quicker you have the conversation, the sooner you can breathe.”

“It’s not about the conversation.”

Phoebe’s brow dipped deeper. “Then what is it about?”

“I’m not ready to go there. I’m just going to let things fall where they may. Derek knows how I feel about him, at least he should. That was my last time running from him. If he wants to talk, he can approach me.”

Phoebe nodded. “Okay. Good.”

They stared at each other, and then Eden nodded as if accepting her words after speaking them.

“Well let’s get back to the dinner, shall we?”

Eden smiled. “Yes.”

Moving out of the stall, the two women sashayed to the sink, one in front of the other, and glanced over their appearance.

Satisfied with their look, they eyed each other, and Phoebe winked at her sister. Eden returned her gesture, then they left for the main hall.





Eden and Phoebe strolled through the exquisitely designed room linked arm in arm with soft smiles on their lips.

“The Royals are here,” Phoebe said just as both of their gazes landed on King Isaac Winthrope, leader of Kéra Asnela. He was stationed at a table with his royal family seated with him.

“Cadena and Cadence are beautiful, aren’t they?” Eden asked, taking an eye over the twins’ royal attire and dark brown unblemished skin.

“That they are, but we look better.”

Eden giggled heavily. “I would expect Jasmine to come back with something like that.”

“Yeah, well maybe she’s wearing off on me. Years of living together would do that, you know. Or, maybe it was sharing the same womb that did it.”

Eden nodded with a lighter chuckle. “Indeed.”

“Excuse me, Ms. Rose and Ms. Rose.”

Eden and Phoebe paused their stroll and turned to the voice that summoned their attention.

An older gentleman with skin a deep shade of brown at six feet in height, with a medium build, a light gray goatee, and mustache stepped forward—holding one hand out to greet them.

“I’m Reginald Anderson, city councilman for Chicago district eight.”

Reginald Anderson wasn’t only the city councilman. At the age of twenty-five, he’d become the lucky recipient of a seven-hundred-thirty-two-million-dollar Powerball win that drew national attention and gave him the courage to run for office. Now in his early fifties, Reginald Anderson’s political career was unflawed, his investments running exceptionally well, and anyone who went into business with him flourished effortlessly.

Accepting his hand, the ladies chimed, “Hello.” Phoebe went in for the introduction, “We’re—”

“I know who you are,” Reginald said. “Trust me, there’s no introduction needed.” He looked to Eden. “I would love to have a quick chat with you, Ms. Eden Alexandria, if you have a minute. I have a proposition for you.”

When Eden didn’t respond but only stared at him blankly, he added, “A business proposition, of course. I can go over it in detail during dinner. I have a spot here at my table just for you.”

Eden glanced over at Phoebe, but Phoebe spoke up before Eden could.

“I’ll leave you two if that’s fine with you, Eden?”

“It’s fine.” Eden turned back to Reginald Anderson. “I’m interested in what Mr. Anderson has to say. Although I must add, if this is about politics, then you’re looking for Jasmine, not me.”

Reginald chuckled. “As identical as you three are, your personalities are so different that it only takes a moment of surveying your movements before I know which one you are.”

Simultaneously, Eden’s and Phoebe’s brows rose.

“Is that so?” Eden’s voice was amused.

“It is,” a baritone voice behind her replied. A ripple crept down Eden’s spine with a feathering touch that sent chills scouring over her derriere.

Eden turned slightly, her eyes connecting with the heated gaze of his dark golden brown stare. Strolling closer, with one hand comfortably inside his pocket and the other reaching to shake the hand of Reginald Anderson, Derek James Clark crowded their space—shielding Eden with his manly scent.

“It doesn’t surprise me that you have an effect on everyone who crosses your path,” Derek added.

“Ah, the person I was looking for next,” Reginald said, accepting Derek’s hand. “Ms. Rose, I hope you don’t mind Mr. Clark joining us for dinner.”

Derek turned to Eden, his lids hooded as he flipped his hand palm-side up to take hers.

Eden’s gaze traveled down to his extended palm, and without resistance, her fingers slipped against the masculine surface of his fingers. She put on a graceful smile.

“Not at all.”

Derek lifted her hand to his lips, the heat from his mouth glazing her in a sphere of warmth. Eden hadn’t instructed her body to move when it trembled. But the unsteady rampage behind her breastbone was taking on a mind of its own, causing her body to follow its lead.

“I hope you don’t mind me saying,” Derek’s voice thundered as he eyed her from head to toe once more, “I’ve never seen a woman more stunning in all of my life.” He leaned closer to her ear, “And Mona Lisa, you’re wearing the hell out of that dress. Did you plan to keep ignoring me tonight? Because I’ll tell you now, you’re failing miserably.”

She watched him with a peer of her eyes, her lips pursing into a smirk as her vagina reacted to his compliments and his query. “Thank you, you’re not looking so bad yourself.” She said, deciding to ignore his wisecrack.

“The pleasure is all mine.”

He kissed her hand again, then rubbed a circle in the center of her palm with his thumb. They set off sparks as they held heavy gazes on one another.

Reginald cleared his throat, motioning to the table behind him. “Anywhere you would like to sit is fine by me.”

Eden glanced at Phoebe and winked. Phoebe nodded and sauntered away. The three of them approached the table with Eden navigating to the seat facing Reginald across the table. She moved to pull back the chair when Derek’s arm extended, reaching around her, covering Eden in another cloud of heat as he removed her seat to allow her to sit.

Eden claimed her chair as Derek adjusted her seat.

“Do you mind me sitting here?” Derek asked her.

Eden glanced at the empty chair next to her. “Why would I mind?”

Derek pulled the chair out and sat, his long limbs crowding the space underneath the table as he got comfortable.

“I just thought I’d ask.”

Reginald glanced from Eden to Derek, now sensing something he hadn’t before and wondering what to make of it.

“Thank you both for taking this time to discuss business matters with me. I’m sure you had plans to relax tonight among donating to this event. However, it hasn’t been easy to get the both of you in the same room.” He split his gaze between them. “You are still partnering with the real estate business, I assume?”

“Yes,” Derek spoke, “we are. Are you looking to get into the market, Mr. Anderson?”

“Actually, I have a place in mind—The Durrington Estate in North Chicago. My daughter is getting married, and I want to gift it to her and her husband. I’d also like it completely remodeled and designed before they move in. There’s no one better to help me with this than you two.”

Eden glanced at Derek, and he captured her eye with a lingering gaze.

“There’s just one thing,” Reginald added.

Derek and Eden turned back to Reginald.

“I want their names to be on the paperwork instead of mine. I don’t want to transfer ownership once they’re married, so I’d like you to be in attendance when they wed. The house will be given to them at the reception.”

“When exactly are they getting married?” Eden asked.

“Two and a half weeks from today.”

“Let me make sure I understand you,” Derek said. “You want to purchase the home outright or put a bid down on it?”

“The home is selling for two point two million dollars, right?” Mr. Anderson asked.

“That’s correct.”

“I’ll have the funds transferred as soon as I can get you two to agree to have it ready when they return from their honeymoon.”

“In two weeks?” Eden said for clarification.

“Or so… I know what you’re thinking,” Reginald said, “that’s no time, but as I mentioned, it’s been hard to get the both of you in the same room. Nevertheless, I’m willing to make it worth your while. I have an additional million to put toward your efforts to get this done as fast as possible. That, of course, is not including your rush fee.”

Eden and Derek glanced at each other again then back to Reginald.

“You’ve got a deal,” Eden said. “I’ll need to know where the ceremony is taking place so that I can put it on my calendar.”

“Bali,” Reginald informed.

“Indonesia?” Eden asked incredulously.

“The one and only.” He smiled, pleased with himself.

“Mr. Anderson, a trip to Bali—”

“Would be on me,” Mr. Anderson said. “We’ll be there for three days and two nights. I’d like you two there. I understand your time is money, and you’ll be well compensated for your attendance. Mr. Clark, you’ve got a birthday coming up. Imagine celebrating over international waters. Ms. Rose, when was the last time you treated yourself to a luxury vacation? You’ll stay at one of the fanciest villas, eat the finest foods, and have the option to do whatever you like. The only thing that will be required of you is to be at the wedding and reception with the papers for them to sign. Call it a vacation on me.”

Eden’s eye drifted back over to Derek. Three days in Bali with him and she was sure to come back a crazed woman.

His gaze reconnected with hers, and she swallowed tightly as a smoldering fire burned behind his irises.

Fuck, she was in true trouble.

“I tell you what. I’ll give you twenty-four hours to think it over. But the clock is ticking. I will need an answer soon.”

Reginald took his business card out of his pocket and slid it across the table, one to Derek and one to Eden. She dropped her gaze to the card and exhaled, her gut twisting at the trip she knew was to come.





Chapter Four





“Wait, Bali, Indonesia?”

Eden nodded as she stared into the water that soaked her feet. She, Phoebe, and Jasmine were at their weekly spa treatment, and a mani, pedi, and facial were in order.

“Did you accept the offer?” Phoebe asked.

“I did,” Eden’s faraway voice murmured.

An aesthetician approached the group just as Carla strutted into the room, escorted by a clerk.

The aesthetician spoke first. “Are you ready for your facials, ladies?”

“Yes, same treatment,” Phoebe said, referring to their spa ritual experience where they received their pedi, mani, and facial simultaneously.

“Yes, ma’am.” The aesthetician turned to Carla, who stood with a hand on her plush hip, a lifted brow, and upturned lips at the trio. “And how about you, miss?”

“I’ll have what they’re having.”

“Come, I have a chair for you here.”

Carla followed the woman to the pedi booth in front of Jasmine.

“So ya’ll couldn’t wait on a sista to get here?” Carla glanced at them all with a sweep of her eyes.

“We are waiting, just in position,” Jasmine said.

Phoebe smirked.

“Mmhmm.” Carla glanced at Eden, who was poised in quiet thought. “What did I miss?”

“Eden’s agreed to a trip to Bali with Derek,” Jasmine offered.

“No, I accepted a client’s offer to attend his daughter’s wedding and reception so she can sign for the house her father is gifting her. Derek just so happens to be a business partner in the matter.”

“That’s what I said,” Jasmine added, “you agreed to take a trip to Bali with Derek.”

Eden rolled her eyes and sighed as Carla and Phoebe half smirked, half grimaced.

“You’re real annoying right now, sister,” Eden said, glaring at Jasmine.

“I’m just saying.”

“Yeah, I get that. Don’t say.”

“Listen, if it’s going to mess with your sanity, I say don’t do it,” Carla said. Eden peered over at her. “What? It’s not like you need the money.”

“Why? Because my family is rich?”

“No, because you’re rich.”

“My funds are for the next generation of Roses, not for me to spend during a single lifetime. I’m building an empire here.”

Carla nodded. “Fair enough. So when is this trip supposed to be happening?”

“In two weeks.”

“Oh, well, you have time to get yourself together; mentally prepare like when you take those yoga classes.”

“Your morning meditations should help, too,” Phoebe added to Carla’s advice.

“I will, but…”

The three of them watched Eden closely. It was Jasmine who spoke up, “But what?”

“We have to get the house together before then. So, I’ll be spending the two weeks leading up to that trip in boss mode.”

The ladies sat back against their seat as they were approached by four aestheticians and nail technicians who got into position—starting with their feet and adding facial crème to their faces.

Carla closed her eyes as sliced cucumbers were added to her lids. “Wow, so you’re going all in with this then?”

“For the future of my offspring,” Eden assured.

“Mmhmm, they won’t be baby Roses. They’ll be stark Clarks,” Carla murmured with a chuckle.

“You are so not funny.”

“What? I’m just saying. You’re hoping to be with Derek, right? So that means when you have kids, they won’t be Roses, they’ll be Clarks.”

“I know how it works. Thank you. Who says I want kids anyway?”

Phoebe lifted a cucumber from her face and scrutinized Eden with an eye. “Say what now?”

Carla sighed. “You just said you were working hard for the life of your offspring. Which one is it?”

“I am. I mean, if that happens, of course, I want them to be well off. However, I don’t want kids anytime soon. I’d like to enjoy my life for another ten years if possible before I think any more about raising children.”

“Eden, you’ll be twenty-eight in just a few months,” Carla said. “And almost forty in ten years.”

The ladies chuckled.

“So what? There are plenty of women who have healthy babies in their forties and beyond, so don’t even go there.”

“Like who?”

“Beyoncé had her twins when she was like, what, thirty-five?” Eden snapped her fingers. “Janet Jackson had her baby when she was fifty.” She clasped her hands and intertwined her fingers until one of the nail technicians untwisted them and proceeded with her manicure.

“All it takes is self-care and maintenance, then voilà, you’re good.”

“Eden, if you want to have babies later in life, there’s nothing wrong with that,” Jasmine said.

“Jasmine?” Eden questioned.

“Yeah.”

“Now you sound like Phoebe. What’s going on with you two? Last weekend at the charity dinner, Phoebe said something that reminded me of you.”

“Oh yeah, what was it?”

Eden smirked. “We were passing the royals when I spoke about Cadence and Cadena being beautiful. Then Phoebe over here goes,” Eden changed her voice to sound like Phoebe, “That they are, but we look better.”

The ladies laughed, and Jasmine lifted her hand to the air. “High five, Phoebe!”

Phoebe lifted her hand, and both of them swatted the air, missing each other’s hands by seconds while the nail techs ducked for cover.

When their hands connected, it was Phoebe who thought to lift a cucumber and peek.

“We didn’t hit you, did we,” she asked her nail tech.

“No, ma’am, you’re good.”

“See, Jasmine.” Phoebe pulled her hand back. “You got me acting a fool. It’s a good thing we’ll be moving out soon.”

Their laughter died down while Eden’s evaporated instantly.

“You’re moving out?” Eden asked.

Since they were younger adults, Eden, Phoebe, and Jasmine shared a six-bedroom upscale condominium in downtown Chicago. It had been approximately six years, and no one had ever spoken about moving out.

Eden removed both cucumbers. “Excuse us for a minute, ladies, please.”

The nail techs quietly left the room. “Are you serious? What’s going on, guys?” Eden asked them.

Phoebe and Jasmine removed their cucumbers, while Carla only lifted one—sitting it on her forehead as she watched their exchange.

Phoebe eyed Jasmine and nibbled on her bottom lip. It was Jasmine who spoke first.

“Phoebe and I have set wedding dates. It’s been a yearlong engagement, and now’s the time to make it official.”

Eden’s face brightened. “That’s great news! When?”

“May fourth, on a Saturday at noon,” Jasmine continued.

Eden squealed, and Carla whooped. “Congratulations,” they sang.

“Oh my God, I can’t wait, although that doesn’t give me much time to plan for décor. Two months tops, but I can make it work for sure!”

Eden glanced at Phoebe. “When’s yours?”

Phoebe stole a look at Jasmine then cleared her throat, her eyes dropping just a bit. “The same day, May fourth.”

Eden’s smile faltered, and she glanced between her sisters.

“Oh…so, you’re doing a double wedding?” There was an oddity in Eden’s voice.

“If you’re uncomfortable with that, we will have separate ceremonies,” Phoebe hastened to add.

Jasmine nodded in agreement.

“No, no. How can I be upset? You’ve both been waiting forever it seems to tie that knot. What better way than to do it together?”

“Are you sure? Seriously, Eden,” Phoebe said.

Eden waved them off. “If it were me, I would love to do something like this, so never would I ever rob you of your chance to.” She smiled warmly. “And, for the record, I’m honored to take on the task to design your ceremony. This, by far, will be the hottest wedding of the year.”

Jasmine and Phoebe smiled and pulled Eden in for a hug.

“Aww, group hug,” Carla said, getting out of her seat to get in on their celebration.

“I love you guys,” Eden said.

“We love you, too.” Phoebe said then added, “You, too, Carla.”

“Yesss, all right now, it’s about time ya’ll let me in on all this love you’re handing out.”

The women laughed then resumed their positions, and as their spa session moved into the steam room, Eden couldn’t detach herself from a pang of sadness in the depth of her heart.





Chapter Five





In his garage, Derek James Clark was on his back, lying on top of a rolling mechanic creeper as Quentin lowered the engine into a restored nineteen sixty-four Ford Mustang.

“Slow it down a bit,” Derek said, watching as the hard metal met up with the vehicle’s interior. “That’s it. You got it.”

“It’s perfect,” Quentin said, “and she’s a beauty.”

Screwing the bolts to secure the motor, a heavy grin laced Derek’s smooth lips. “That she is,” he murmured.

With the heel of his boots, he pulled himself forward, rolling from underneath the vehicle and standing to his feet so he could get a good look at her.

It was a dark blue, hard top, first production Mustang, already painted with newly renovated leather seats and a stereo that had only enough range to play old-school stations.

The men nodded, appreciative of the way their project turned out. In dark denim jeans, Timberland boots, and a bare-armed T-shirt, Derek planted his hands on his hard waist, watching the car as if it would start singing a duet at any moment.

“Thank you for letting me in on this one,” Quentin said.

Quentin Davidson had been Derek’s friend since their days in junior high school. Along with Mayor Luke Steele, they grew up together before Luke and Derek went on to graduate from Howard University with honors as high as summa cum laude. Though Quentin received his degree from Harvard University, the three men were linked in brotherhood, not only by their upbringing but by Omega Psi Phi fraternity as well.

“Anytime. I knew you would appreciate it more than anyone.”

Derek’s passion for restoring cars along with Quentin’s love for all things vintage made the duo a solid pair to take on rebuilding the Mustang. And before Derek began drawing up papers for Reginald Anderson’s offer, he’d called Quentin over to get it done.

“You have a treasure here.” Quentin eyed the other vintage vehicles in Derek’s large garage. “One would never know these babies were out here with that fancy house you live in.”

Derek chuckled. He’d searched high and low for the perfect space to accommodate his bachelor lifestyle. With a little help from Jacob Alexander Rose, Derek’s five-bedroom, geometrically shaped contemporary home was a sight for sore eyes—boasting everything from a gym, a fully stocked billiard room, a large corner office, an entertainment room, and a colossal seven-hundred-and-thirteen-square-foot master suite.

“But I guess,” Quentin added, “when you have three acres of land, you can house these beauties on your property. You know, anyone who gets close to your home probably thinks you hide women up in here.”

Derek guffawed, his baritone laugh making him hug his washboard abdomen as his mirth increased.

“Probably,” Derek chuckled.

“If only they knew,” Quentin said. “So, are you going to start this baby up?”

“Nah, not yet.”

The dreadlocks that lay across Quentin’s broad back shifted as he turned to eye his friend. He took in Derek’s posture and thoughtful demeanor and decided to pick his brain.

“When’s the occasion and am I invited?”

Derek laughed. “I’m not sure yet, but I’m working on it.”

Quentin couldn’t help but notice Derek’s disregard for the second part of his question. “Okay so tell me, will this be a public or private event?”

Derek folded his arms across his expansive chest. “Private…hopefully.”

“Eden?”

Derek’s brow rose. “Who else?”

Quentin nodded. “She appreciates everything you do.”

“That’s the understatement of a lifetime.”

Eden was a lover of humanity. When others rejoiced, so did she, and on the contrary, when they wept, you could find her weeping alongside them. She genuinely wanted to see people thrive and often offered her services to lend a helping hand.

“Is she still working with you on The Rooftop Connection Initiative?”

The Rooftop Connection Initiative was a non-profit organization founded by Derek and Jacob three years ago when their need to do something about Chicago’s homeless hit close to their hearts. Together, they made a plan that included gathering volunteers and, once a year, restructuring, designing, and filling a home with a family chosen by DFCS who’d fallen on hard times only to be left with the choice of living on the streets.

As soon as Eden heard about The Rooftop Connection Initiative, she joined without being asked. So year after year, Derek had the pleasure of witnessing her inner beauty flourish, and it made his love for her develop all the more.

“Until I’m informed otherwise, I would say yes.”

Quentin’s brow rose. “You two looked comfortable having dinner with Reginald Anderson the other day. So are you back on good terms?”

Derek strolled up to the Mustang, his gaze on the motor and his fingertips treading across the engine.

“One can only hope,” he murmured. “She’s been keeping her distance, and I can’t blame her considering the way I’ve moved in the past, but…” He paused. “Even if I tried, I can’t leave her alone.”

“Is that what you think is best?”

Derek’s pause had the tips of Quentin’s brows touching as he frowned. Derek turned to face Quentin.

“That question should be simple, but it’s not.”

“And why is that?”

Derek sighed. “I’m the bad guy, according to everyone else. And she’s the good girl. What would she be doing with a guy like me?”

Quentin chuckled and strolled to the machine he used to lower the motor into the Mustang. With a flip of a switch and the push of a button, the machine powered to life, and Quentin navigated it to the base of the wall where he shut it down.

“You know, that excuse would probably work with someone who didn’t know you.” He turned toward Derek. “But I know better.”

“You knowing me is all the more reason why you can understand where I’m coming from.”

“I know where you’re coming from, but this is what I hear. You’ve played the role of a playboy for so long that you accept the title like it’s a badge of honor. When in reality, you know that’s not the case, and more importantly, it’s not who you are. I think Eden knows that, and it’s why nothing she’s heard about you in the news has steered her away from loving you.”

Derek went to speak when Quentin raised a finger.

“But, it was when you pulled away from her that she pulled away from you, and now, even though she still knows the real Derek James Clark, Eden is a smart woman. She’s well aware that it’s up to you to step into that man and relinquish the one you portray.”

“It’s not that simple.”

“Do you want what’s best for Eden?”

“You know I do.”

“Is that person you?”

Derek bit down on his jaw, his head lifting a bit as he stared at Quentin.

“Is that person someone else?”

Derek’s gut tightened, and the closing of his esophagus forced him to inhale.

“No,” he growled on a low simmer.

“Then what are you really afraid of?”

Silence lapsed in the room, and Quentin saw Derek’s eyes shift just a bit, and that’s when it hit him.

“Wait, you can’t think that.” He paused. “You know Eden would never do anything to betray you, right?”

Derek swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing as he took his attention to the entrance across the room. The truth was, getting involved with Eden was a dangerous game. She had the power to cripple his soul should she decide to, and even knowing she would never, still, he hesitated on giving it a chance to happen.

Derek crouched and gathered the tools on the floor, Quentin’s question, going unanswered as he mindlessly cleaned the area.

“This is the last thing I’ll say about it,” Quentin said, walking up on Derek. “Consider your heart and consider hers, then question whether you can live the rest of your life without her. If the answer is no, then search within yourself to give love another try. If it’s yes, then wish her well so you both can move on with your life.”

Derek didn’t respond, his understanding loud and clear. But that didn’t stop his gut from churning or the drum in his chest from tapping a rhythm so sturdy, as if to wake him up.





“Why do you think men take things harder than women?”

Eden glanced to her assistant Jada Wilson across the gleaming hardwood floors as they took measurements of the Durrington Estate’s interior.

Time was moving fast, and Eden’s schedule was full. Not only did she have to finish this design in two weeks, but also, The Rooftop Connection Initiative was a month away, plus Phoebe’s and Jasmine’s wedding shortly after that. Her cup runneth over, and to keep from overworking herself, Eden would be giving the Durrington Estate sketches to Jada so she could have the basic décor in place, leaving Eden to come in and put the final touches on the project.

It also gave her a reason to keep away from Derek regardless of how much she missed him and wanted to be in his arms again.

“I wish I knew,” she said, responding to Jada. “What happened?”

Jada sighed and flipped a jet black strand of her shoulder-length hair behind her ear.

“I found text messages in Marcus’s phone from someone he has saved in his contacts as ‘Daniel.’”

“Okay, so what’s wrong with that?”

“Daniel was talking about meeting Marcus at the strip club they were at the week before, where apparently Daniel gave Marcus a lap dance that rocked his world in the private VIP room. So much so that Daniel was ready to rock it again, according to the messages.”

Eden stopped working and turned to Jada with a frown.

“So I figured either my man was gay or Daniel was a female.”

“Did you ask him about it?”

“Hell yeah, I did. Can you believe he had the nerve to curse me out because I questioned if he was bisexual? Told me it was supposed to say Daniella, and it was just an innocent lap dance.”

Jada rolled her eyes as Eden shook her head in a slow swing. Jada had been her assistant for the last two years. When Eden’s workload became massive, she took on a lead designer to assist with various projects. She needed someone who was time oriented, who could draw up a sketch with ease, take measurements, and complete the décor of an interior without assistance. Jada fit the bill. All it took was interning with Eden for six months before she hired Jada on. And with Jada residing in Atlanta, that didn’t stop their hustle. In fact, Jada’s frequent flyer miles remained plentiful, adding up with each trip in and out of the city. Unfortunately, with the reputation of Atlanta, Daniella could very well be Daniel, but Eden didn’t want to be the one to break it to her if Jada didn’t know that already.

“Do you believe him?”

“No.”

“You’re quite convinced. Has he done something like this before?”

Jada sighed. “He’s cheated before, but who hasn’t? If someone could point a faithful man out, I’d call them a liar.” Jada sank her weight into a hip. “Anyway, so last weekend I tell him I’m going out with my girls, and he goes, ‘What time you plan to be home?’ I shrug and tell him, two-thirty, no later than three. Before I can even get it out, he’s shaking his head no. ‘Ain’t no woman of mine gonna be in the streets that late. Where you think you’re going?’ I say, to a male strip club. He loses his shit. We practically got into a physical fight after that.” Jada sighed. “I’m so tired of him. I don’t know what to do.”

“So why don’t you break up? You’re not married or anything, right?”

“Oh heavens no, thank the Good Lordt.”

Eden giggled. “Okay then, why stay with him?”

“I don’t know. Every time I think I should leave, he does something like take me to dinner and a movie, tell me how much he loves me, and we have a good time. It makes me remember why I liked him. He’s always been funny, kept me laughing—”

“But he also keeps you crying,” Eden interrupted.

Jada closed her lips as the truth hit her so hard it hurt.

“I’m sorry if that came out harsh, and I get what you’re saying, but, Jada, if a man is dishonest with you over and over, he’s just going to keep doing it if you let him.”

Eden thought about Derek. She wouldn’t let him play with her emotions or her sanity. So, as much as she wanted to drag herself in his house so he could have his way with her, her mind begged to differ, and it always stopped her before she could begin.

“You’re right,” Jada said, her voice now solemn.

“I’m sorry. I know that’s not what you want to hear.”

Jada waved her off. “It’s okay. I needed to hear it.”

Eden walked across the room, her heels echoing against the floor. In front of Jada, Eden pulled her into the warmest of hugs, giving the downcast woman a tight squeeze.

“You are an amazing woman, Jada; any man would be lucky to have you. And let that man be someone who cooks for you instead of using money to impress you with dinner at a lavish restaurant, someone who makes you laugh while making your heart fly at the same time.”

While Jada thought of her longtime best friend and award-winning chef Solomon McBride, Eden pictured Derek, remembering when he’d almost burned the house down determined to show Eden he had what it took to win her heart with food. They both smiled with neither of them noticing the other as their hearts spoke loud and clear…however not without warning bells.





Chapter Six





During the weeks leading up to Bali, Eden was in a constant state of motion. Usually, none of her duties could get in the way of her yoga or meditation that she required three days a week to stay grounded. Before she and her sisters purchased the condo, Eden went through and checked out the rooms, calling first dibs on her master bedroom and the meditation room. The meditation room had everything Eden was looking for. Besides being expansive, her mood brightened as soon as she entered, not to mention there was natural light that flowed through tall glass windows.

She’d added her personal style. A few tall plants that were stationed against the wall to bring in nature added a therapeutic touch along with her lavender and chamomile essential oils.

Her rollout mats were aligned to face the windows; however, because she lived in the heart of the city, Eden kept soft meditative music playing on a low frequency in the background. It kept sounds of emergency first responders, buses, and overall busy city life at bay.

But this week had been extremely busy, and after putting the final touches on the Durrington Estate, Eden went home, jumped in the shower, and was now in her quiet space.

With her legs folded and her arms lying on her knees at the wrists, Eden held her eyes closed and focused on her breathing. The need to clear her mind became more important with each passing day, especially since her nerves were rattled entirely knowing she would spend the next three days in Bali with Derek. She’d done an excellent job at keeping her distance while in the city, and she was hoping to maybe get lost once she made it across seas.

Hopeful thinking.

Eden opened her eyes and worked overtime to readjust her thoughts, putting the focus back on her breathing.

Inhaling and exhaling, hearing the rhythm of her heart and the soft acceleration of her pulse tuned out all of the noise.

Her shoulders lifted, then descended, her body still and her mind clearing out the clutter.

She remained in that position for the next hour, almost falling asleep a few instances. When it was time to gather herself, Eden felt better about taking on tomorrow and the days thereafter in Indonesia.

She stood and strolled to the stereo to shut the music off then left the room. Passing through the carpeted corridor, Eden reentered her master suite just as Beyoncé begin to sing a tune about being dangerously in love.

Still in a tranquil state of mind, Eden lifted the smartphone and stared at the caller ID, the familiar name and number making her heart flutter.

One thing she could give Derek, he was persistent when he wanted something bad enough. She considered answering the phone. It had been two weeks since she last spoke with him at the charity dinner, and she missed him something terrible. However, it was up to Eden to protect her heart, and she was still unsure if she could trust Derek to handle it with care.

Eden sighed as the call went to voicemail. Dropping her hand but still clutching the device, she pulled back the duvet on her queen-size pillowtop bed and crawled in, getting comfortable between the soft covers. Her phone chimed with an incoming text notification. Eden swiped the screen to open it, her eyes falling to the words that reached out to caress her soul.

Have mercy on me.

She swallowed just as a crawling buzz shadowed her body, covering her frame in chills as she studied his plea. Eden bit her lip but didn’t respond, inwardly taking her mind back to her meditation techniques in order to calm her heart. Another text came through.

I know I deserve this. But please, Mona Lisa… I can’t take much more of your silence, and I would rather express this in person, or at least over the phone. Answer for me, baby. I need to speak with you.

Eden bit her lip harder as Phoebe’s voice whispered in her ear: Make sure he’s groveling at your feet and serious about a relationship with you before you give in to…whatever it is that you’re giving into.

Her phone rang, and Beyoncé’s “Dangerously in Love” began to play again. She listened to the chorus, the words touching her soul so much that she moved her finger to hover over the answer button just as it stopped ringing.

“Ugh!”

She rolled to her stomach, stuffing her face in the pillows and flipping her feet against the mattress. Why did love have to be so complicated? Such a pure and natural thing should be welcomed by all who encountered the devotion, fondness, and warmth that accompanied its affection.

But instead, at least for Eden, it was a constant state of struggle.

You’re the one who’s making it this hard. Give in and see where it takes you.

She rolled her eyes at her thoughts. If only it were that simple.

It is that simple.

Grabbing a pillow, Eden stuffed it over her head to drown out the noise. She focused on her breathing and cleared her mind. There she lay for another thirty minutes, and just as she drifted off, another text message came through. Pulling the phone underneath the pillow, she took her eyes across the glow of the screen.

I will never stop trying.

Her heart thumped with a rigorous beat, and just like that, her spirit was reawakened.

That night, Eden tossed and turned, anxious at what the following days would bring an already exhausted with the thought of steering clear of Derek in Bali.





The next morning after showering, Eden stared at herself in the mirror while speaking positive affirmations.

“You deserve happiness, love, respect. Nothing in this world can hold you back. God is for you, so no one can dim your light. Take courage in knowing there is an infinite number of blessings with your name on it. You are unique in every way, talented beyond belief, and a gem to those who encounter you.”

She exhaled, encouraged, and ready to move on with her day. With a hum in her throat carrying a tune to her lips, Eden sang India Arie’s 2001 hit song “Video,” an uplifting woman empowerment melody that made her smile and feel like she could take on the world.

It was a good thing her sisters were with their fiancés before she left. The last thing she wanted was to receive their pitying stares or become bombarded by questions that she didn’t have answers to. For now, the only thing she knew for sure was love was unpredictable, and she couldn’t schedule it on her calendar if she wanted to.

Moving through the double doors of the lobby, Eden’s five-inch Christian Louboutin’s tapped the ground as she wheeled her luggage to the curb in front of an awaiting limo.

“I’ve got it, Ms. Rose,” Patrick, her longtime friend, and chauffeur, announced, taking the luggage off her hands.

“Patrick, how many times do we have to go over this?”

Patrick smirked as he added the luggage to the trunk.

“I know, but we’re in public. I should call you, Ms. Rose.”

“Then you’re fired.”

Patrick’s smirk turned into a heavy smile.

“Then who’s going to drive you to the airport?”

Eden rolled her eyes and pursed her lips. Patrick knew she would never really fire him. She’d only threatened him a thousand times with it to the point that now it went over his head, giving him a hearty laugh.

“I could catch a cab, you know,” Eden countered. “You’re not the only person that can get me where I’m going.”

“I beg to differ.”

At the arch of Eden’s brow, Patrick went on. “Letting a stranger get behind the wheel of your vehicle is like trusting an unworthy man with your heart. And you and I both know you’re too smart for that.”

His words settled in her spirit, knowing what he said was true in every aspect, but to put on a front, she leaned into a hip and sank her hand into her side.

“Try me.”

Patrick’s low guffaw tickled Eden, and a smile pierced the sudden scowl she wore.

“Okay, okay, Ms. Eden. You seem to be taking no prisoners today.”

“Or tomorrow either,” Eden added, “and drop the Miss. You’re not slick.”

Patrick laughed again and moved to grab the handle of the back passenger door. He opened it. “After you, Ms. Ed—” At another scowl, Patrick reiterated. “Eden.”

Eden’s lifted chin turned, but her eyes kept peering at him.

“I apologize,” he said, a smirk lingering on his lips.

Eden shook her head and slid into the limo, adjusting herself as Patrick closed the door and stretching her legs then crossing them at the ankles as he entered the driver’s seat. As the car progressed through the streets of Chicago, Eden removed the designer shades from her face and retrieved her phone to check for messages. There were two texts from Jada and nothing more.

When she woke this morning, finding three missed calls from Derek that came through in the dead of night, made Eden wondered what was keeping him awake. Surely, he hadn’t been clouded with thoughts of her. Derek had never been a man to lose sleep over a woman, so why would he start now?

Riding over a rough patch of road, the limo bounced as Eden’s thoughts churned. But when Patrick hit the brakes suddenly, Eden’s hand reached out to clutch the door’s handle.

“Patrick, is everything okay?”

Patrick rolled the partition down just in time for Eden to see a black Ferrari Portofino turned at an angle as if to cut them off.

“You’ve got to be kidding me,” she said, watching with wonder as a door opened and Derek James Clark extended one leg out then the other, rising to his feet like a dominant force sent to take charge of an emergent situation. He was flanked, also in black; a long-sleeve polo shirt, dark denim jeans that fit his muscular thighs to perfection, and the gleam of a sterling silver belt buckle peeking from underneath the shirt’s hem.

A titanic wave of muscle streamlined from his biceps to his shoulders and Eden shivered as her eyes rose up the thick pillar that was his neck into a generous gorgeous mouth. Her pussy thumped rigorously as she watched him move from the front of the limo to the back passenger door where he knocked twice with burly knuckles.

Eden inhaled, clutching tight to bravery she didn’t know she had. Her finger pressed into the electric button, powering the window down as a whiff of his manly fragrance drifted along her nose. He pulled his face to level with hers.

“I think you need a ride to the airport,” his deep voice drummed.

Eden held tight, even though her body was squirming in her very seat.

“I’ve got a ride, and you’re blocking traffic—the light just turned green.”

As if on cue, horns behind them blared, some in quick succession, others in a long, drawn-out cry to move it.

“So I am,” he said. “I guess you should hurry and get out of the car so these lovely people can get on with their day.”

“You can’t make me get out of this car.”

“You’re right.”

He stood upright and tossed an outstretched arm over the top of the limo. Leaning against it, Derek whistled a tune and checked his Rolex as if he didn’t have a care in the world. The light turned yellow, then red, and the drivers behind them were livid.

Eden smirked and rolled her eyes. “You can’t just block traffic like this.”

Derek continued to whistle.

“We’re going to be late.”

More whistling.

“Derek.”

He didn’t respond.

“Derek!”

He peered down at her with golden brown eyes that ruffled her to no end.

“Fine.”

“What was that, I didn’t hear you, love?”

Her lips were tight as she fought a rising blush.

“I said…fine.”

Derek swiftly opened her door, holding his hand out to assist Eden to her feet. She accepted his fingers, and he pulled her into the width of his chest.

His gaze bore into hers. “Thank you,” his voice drummed.

“I didn’t have much of a choice, did I?”

It was one meager step that sent a surge of heat grazing from his thigh up her center as he moved in. “A lady always has a choice.” He stared her down when she tried to pull her eyes from his capture. “Do you really want me to go away? Would you rather avoid me this entire trip, or the rest of our lives?”

Eden’s heart flipped behind her breast, and her chest tightened.

She eyed him head-on and, without saying another word, stepped around him and strutted to his Ferrari with Derek pivoting to catch up with her cat-walk. On the passenger side, Derek reached around her and opened the door.

“Eden.”

She paused before sliding in, turning completely to face him.

“We have a friendship, don’t we?”

Eden exhaled. “Of course.”

“Then, can we start this trip off as friends on a fair note? I promise to handle you with diligence. Don’t be afraid to trust me, Mona Lisa.”

A quiver ran down her body, and a horn honked long and hard in the background.

She nodded and held up her finger. “Pinky swear.”

Derek’s grin spread into a gorgeous smile that brought ease to his chocolate face.

“With my heart, I swear.” He linked their fingers and pulled her hand up to his mouth for a heated kiss.

She sizzled from the soft, warm coating that dispersed from his lips, and when his gaze recaptured hers, Eden knew she was in trouble.





Chapter Seven





Atlantic Aviation – Chicago Executive Airport





“This is not O’Hare Airport.”

Eden took her eyes across the sun-filled sky as Derek guided the Ferrari into a private jet terminal.

“That’s because we’re not flying commercially today.”

A peak of her brow inched above the Christian Dior shades covering her eyes.

“Oh, yeah?”

Derek flipped a mischievous eye over at her; a tilted grin hanging on his sexy mouth.

“Let me show you something.”

He exited swiftly, leaving the driver’s side for the passengers. At her door, Derek lifted his wrist and checked his watch, noting the time to make sure they were on schedule.

Her door clicked when he pulled it ajar.

“I told you we were going to be late,” Eden said, easing out of the Ferrari with her hand connecting with his fingers. She slipped into the comfort of his heated torso, gaining a whiff of his spicy scent.

A stimulating flare ran down the both of them, and Derek cleared his throat, his mouth inches from touching her nose.

“We’ll make it.”

Her eyes lifted to his strong jaw, kissable mouth, and the piercing of his heated stare. His legs moved apart, shifting as Derek planted one outside the other of her haughty stance. Long arms locked Eden in, one over the hood of the Ferrari and the other over the open door.

“I’m sorry,” Derek began. “Forgive me; I was wrong for deserting you before. It was a mistake, and if you give me another chance, I’ll show you that it’ll never happen again.”

Eden let go of a deep breath. “Derek…”

“Forgive me.”

They eyed each other for a moment that seemed infinite.

“We’re going to be late,” she reiterated.

Derek dropped his head then looked into her feline eyes. “Okay.”

He took a step back and reached for her hand, which she took, and she released the stirring breath that was held in her gut.

At his side, Eden waited while Derek grabbed their luggage, then they strolled to a Gulfstream G500 parked with the door open, waiting for their arrival.

“Wow,” Eden said. “Mr. Anderson must be still fully loaded to afford one of these. Is this even on the market?”

“As of now, it’s one of the first to debut. And, it doesn’t belong to Mr. Anderson.”

At the entrance, Eden’s eye drifted to the sparkle behind his gaze.

“So, this isn’t a part of his proposition?”

“No, but, speaking of propositions, I have one for you.”

Eden’s chin lifted, her head tilted, and her dark brown eyes held an inquisitive peer at him.

“I’ll tell you about it once we’re in flight if you’d like to get to Bali for our scheduled meeting.”

Eden scoffed then laughed and shook her head.

“What,” he asked with a lingering smile on his lips. He held his arm out. “After you.”

She took his hand and walked up the steps into the jet’s cabin.





They were comfortably midflight when Derek decided to approach Eden about what was on his mind.

He’d been distracted by her simple elegance. From the silk, elbow-length, open-necked blouse that combed over her breasts, neatly tucked in stonewashed jeans, to the curve his eye followed over her thighs, to the five-inch open-toe heels that adorned her pedicured feet.

Derek couldn’t keep his gaze away, and when he tried, Eden moved, giving him an optimal view of the apex of her center where she housed a minor gap between her thighs.

At thirty-four years of age, and on the cusp of a birthday, the last time Derek could remember feeling like a horny teenager was junior high when the cheerleader he had a crush on made out with him behind the bleachers in the school gymnasium.

Even in a comfortable setting, Eden’s nearness played a constant attack on his senses, and he wondered if she knew how much she affected him.

“Thank you.”

Looking up from the stack of mounting papers on her lap, Eden quirked a brow at him. “For what?”

Derek loved the sultry tempo of her voice. It was a sound that he locked away in his heart, where he could hear her in his sleep.

“For taking this ride with me. You could’ve taken the flight from O’Hare, but I’m grateful you didn’t.”

Eden smiled softly. “Well, you drive a hard bargain, Mr. Clark. How can I resist a friend, especially in this type of luxury setting, or was it your plan to woo me onto this jet from the beginning?”

Derek chuckled and offered a slight shrug. “Maybe just a little.”

Eden’s soft laugh swirled around his heart and made his dick rise in his pants. Damn.

“I want us to go into business with each other, officially,” he said. “We’ve got a good thing going, you and I.” His head swayed side to side. “And your brother Jacob, too. It makes no sense that we haven’t put together a plan to be a dream team, so to speak.”

“A dream team?”

Derek nodded once. “Nothing about the way we currently do business would change except that we would have a professional name and become partners.”

“Partners, huh?”

His tongue traced his lips, and the energy around them shifted as if a force field was closing in—sealing them closer than they had been seconds before. Suddenly, Derek found himself standing mere inches from her, a neat short glass of Scotch in his hand, a charming grin, and a twinkle in the highlight of his golden brown eyes.

Eden couldn’t pull her observation away as she stared up at him.

“You know, when you partner with someone, things change,” she said. “Loyalty is a must, trust doesn’t come second best, and holding one in high regard should be above all else.”

Keeping his attention on her, Derek reached for Eden’s hand, mixing soft fingers with his masculine digits.

“Are we still talking about business partners,” he asked, his stare feral in its hold on her eyes.

A tremor ran through Eden, and she diverted in an effort to calm her nerves. “Did I mention taxes, because the way we do taxes would change also.”

He smirked, aware of her dissuasion. “You’re right, and I want you to know that I would never involve you with anything regarding me if I were not capable of handling your heart, Mona Lisa.”

Eden’s pulse thumped. “Now you’re the one talking about something other than being in business together.”

Sensing her attempt to steer the conversation, Derek spoke out, “I have a confession to make.”

Eden tensed, her jaw locking and her belly carrying a detrimental squeeze to her lungs.

“Early on in my young adult years, the path I chose ended with the experience of a broken heart. She—”

“Who?” Eden interrupted, suddenly intrigued.

Derek’s silence went on for a long ghostly spell.

“Tamera…Shelton.”

“You were in love with her?”

More quietness from his position before he spoke. “Yes.”

“Tell me what happened.”

Derek bit down on his jaw, his gut-wrenching as his thoughts revisited the period in his life when he’d given up on love.

“She wasn’t for me, and I found out the hard way.” He held his eye on her. “The details.”

“I don’t need them if you’d rather not talk about it. She sounds like a bitch.”

Derek exhaled a chuckle, relieved and appreciative simultaneously.

“That must have taken a toll on you.”

Derek sucked his teeth. “The melancholy I felt, the tightness in my soul…it was mournful, reckless, and gnawing.” He paused as if swallowing a knot that abruptly formed in his throat. “If not careful, opening oneself up to love can kill you. I knew then love was a risk—one of the highest of them all. So, I promised myself I would never try it on for size again, unless, I was willing to subject myself to the misery that could rip through my soul. And I would rather die than expose a woman to that agony. So it was easy to live my life with a no-strings-attached mindset.”

Derek rubbed his lips together.

“I’m not sure if you are aware of the conversation I had with your brothers.” His gaze traveled over her face. “Well, it was more of a confrontation than anything. Nevertheless, in so many words, they did what I would probably do if a friend of mine were interested in loving my sister. It was a fair warning.” He chuckled, and Eden couldn’t help but notice the phrase in his statement, loving my sister. An acceleration of her pulse spiked just as she frowned, agitated all over again at the way her brothers had bombarded Derek. “I did pull back.” He measured her downcast eye, lifting her chin with the tip of his finger. “I was wrong for doing so in a way that deserted you.”

“Derek, you’ve said that already. You don’t have to keep repeating it.”

“Yes, I do. I want you to understand. It had nothing to do with me not wanting you or being ready to shed my bachelor lifestyle.”

Eden looked slightly perplexed.

“I realized, for us to be, I would have to open myself up; my mind, my heart, my soul. It rocked me to think someone could have that control over me, and I retreated like a coward.”

A soft gasp escaped Eden’s lips. “Derek, you know I would never do anything to hurt you.”

His gaze darkened. “I know. I’m sorry.” He paused again, rubbing her hand with the pad of his thumb.

“It didn’t take long for me to realize what a mistake I made. Because you… you, Eden Alexandria Rose, have put the ultimate spell on me. I can’t control it. For the first time in my life, I’m a slave to this supernatural elevation my heart endures when I’m with you. The enchantment,” he tugged her fingers, and she rose to her feet, easing into the cover of his chest where she discovered relaxation, “this hunger takes hold of me and I’m detained in a realm where you are my goddess and mine alone.”

She hadn’t expected her pulse to kick up such a fuss, nor did she think her heart was capable of an attack that kept her functioning the way she was now. But hearing Derek’s declaration broke every resolve Eden had been fighting with. It was evident by the way her hand clutched his fingers, and the rickety cacophony that thumped behind her breast shook her existence.

“I need you to be my lady. Let me treasure you and regain your trust.”

Her head fell to his shoulder, her breath uneven as she fought to hold it steady. Warm and firm, Derek’s lips pressed against her temples, coating her body in a sweltering shield of heat, down her face to Eden’s ears, her neck, then her shoulder blade.

It was a caress that hitched her pulse, increased the rate of her heart, and threw disorder to the steady breaths she was determined to make.

“Give me your eye, Mona Lisa.”

She did, lifting her head just enough to peek at him.

“I’ll take my time with you. Don’t be afraid to let me in.”

Her soft smile brought him hope. “That’s just the thing.” She eyed him head-on. “You’ve been in. I’ve spent the last few months trying to get you out because I thought…I,” Eden exhaled and built her courage. “I thought it was time for me to move on.”

“I’m so sorry.”

“Please, Derek, don’t apologize again. It’s not fair to you, and understanding your reason, while shocking, is enough for me to forgive you. Just don’t let it happen again.”

“I won’t.”

Her smile grew with slow ease. “I believe you.”

Derek let go a long whistled breath. “And to think I almost lost you.”

Eden’s hands slipped up his widespread shoulders, around the thick stake of his throat.

“Let’s put it behind us.”

His gaze trailed her face, then held still at the meeting of her eye.

“Are you saying you’ll be my lady, then?”

A coy smirk lifted the corners of Eden’s mouth.

“Maybe,” she teased.

He pressed a hot kiss into her forehead, down her nose, to hover before her mouth, creating a wind against her lips as he breathed her in.

“I’ll take it.”

She giggled. “I was only kidding. I’d love to be your lady.”

The hot undertaking of her mouth was spread by the spearing of his tongue.

“Mmmm,” Eden moaned, instantly attacked with feverish chills.

With no other words spoken as their mouths meshed, tongues exploring, and breaths tangoing, Derek and Eden fell into each other—his hands cruising her back only to drive down and grip her ass in a stinging hold that made Eden step into him more, pelvis to belly.

“Mmmm,” she moaned again, transported to a euphoric space where his rapture was her life support.

A growl trekked from Derek’s mouth, and he spoke as he sucked off her lips. “You better get off of me, woman, lest I turn you into an entrée and have you for dinner.”

Eden’s melodic laugh tickled his flesh, and she wiggled out of his arms and fled to the back of the jet, her hopeful heart still guarded and anxious about their future.





Chapter Eight





Black Penny Villas





Ubud – Bali, Indonesia





The Gulf Stream G500 was greeted with unclouded azure skies and soft winds as the aircraft entered international airspace. Between the private landing and the ride to the resort, Derek and Eden remained linked arm in arm, arriving at their destination on schedule and escorted to a pair of private cliffside villas.

“Oh, this is gorgeous.” Eden swooned, sauntering onto hardwood floors as she took an eye over the interior. The villa was designed with the Balinese culture in mind. Wrapped in a mixture of smooth-finish wood and glass doors, one set led to a master bathroom while the other led to an open-door balcony. Eden hummed a delightful tune, traipsing across the room where she opened the double doors to gain a look at the freshwater plunge pool just beyond the terrace steps. “A private pool,” she murmured, instantly assaulted with images of her and Derek lounging together for a passionate night of wet pleasure.

A race of chills fled down Eden’s skin. Though she’d been reserved her entire life, the last few years her openness began to spark anytime she was around Derek, spoke with him over the phone, or even when she allowed her mind to travel to the place where she was supposed to be relaxing. The Christmas party was a prime example. Eden attended her family’s annual party with every intent to ignore Derek the entire evening.

But instead, she ended up clutched in the strength of his hands as he sucked her pussy with such intensity that she melted into his mouth where her body lay defeated from spasms of orgasmic pleasure.

“What a gorgeous place to be with a gorgeous woman,” Derek’s baritone voice drummed behind her.

Eden’s eyes fell on an intake of unstable breath, and she internally coached herself not to react to the nearness of his warm body. Her lids fluttered back open, and then she cocked her head to the side and squinted up at him—big mistake.

“Wouldn’t you agree?” he asked, holding her hostage in the golden glint of his irises.

Eden cleared her throat. “I’d say it’s a gorgeous place to be with a gorgeous gentleman,” she remixed.

Derek’s gaze dropped to a pierce, his succulent mouth lifting into a cocky spread as he responded, “I never said I was gentle, but if that’s what you think of me, I’ll do my best to be that calm you need.”

Eden turned completely to face him. “And I never said I needed it.”

He watched her carefully, treading over her pecan face, the ridge of her nose, her full lips.

“Um, excuse me,” their escort said, still lingering by the entrance.

They both turned toward the woman.

“I’ll wait outside, and when you’re ready, escort you to your meeting with Mr. Anderson.”

“Thank you,” they both chimed.

They glanced between one another. “How long do you need?” Derek asked, his voice a tender groove.

“Ten minutes.” Eden shrugged slightly. “Just long enough to freshen up.”

Derek nodded. “I’ll take my suitcase to my villa and wait for you outside your door.”

“Okay.”

Derek pinched her elbow and winked then turned to exit while Eden held her eye on the strength of his manly stroll. When the door closed, Eden exhaled harshly, her heels echoing across the hardwood as she entered the bathroom.

In front of the granite sink, she washed her hands, then spun around and eyed her appearance in the floor-to-ceiling mirror. She replaced the tendrils of stray hair that had become disrupted during their arrival as positive affirmations drifted from her tongue.

“You will have a good meeting today. Relax and be grateful for all you have accomplished. Enjoy every moment of your time here. You’re beautiful, intelligent, and capable of anything you put your mind to. Be strong and keep your head uplifted if for no other person than you.”

Eden rested in her self-encouragement, then with shoulders held high, exited the villa for the meeting room.





They sat at a rectangular table, so close with one another that Eden’s knees brushed Derek’s solidly carved thighs as she crossed her legs. An ignition of energy sparked between their flesh, correlating a wild thump that beat down their skin in a scattered groove. With elongated legs that were widespread underneath the table to accommodate the hefty package between his legs, Derek’s gaze was trained on Eden, and with every encounter of their limbs, his heart raced as an invigorating heat rushed to his groin.

When Eden exited her villa, for Derek, it was as if he was seeing her for the first time. It amazed him how his heart rocked when her appearance was made—a rigorous walloping that threatened to become his undoing. She was remarkably beautiful, her pecan skin, almond-shaped eyes, and shapely figure a danger to his heart. Now sitting inside the conference room, Derek barely noticed the luxurious interior, plush carpeting, calming aromatherapy that drifted into the air or the pail of ice that cooled an uncorked bottle of wine at the head of the table.

Had it not been for his consistent time check, Derek was sure he wouldn’t have noticed any of it since his gaze would only trail back to Eden, becoming apprehended in her brown, gorgeous, lingering eyes.

“Thank you for being prompt, even though I’m running a little late,” Reginald Anderson said as he entered. “I apologize. This meeting will be short, so you’ll get the chance to explore Bali if it befits you.”

“We appreciate your invitation,” Derek said, taking his gaze from Eden’s pouty lips to Reginald’s festive attire. “We know you’re busy here, and we’ll be sure to make ourselves scarce when the opportunity presents itself.”

A quiver ran down Eden’s shoulders, sinking into her belly then spinning between her legs where heat exploded in her panties. She traced her lips with her tongue and shifted as if it would calm the temperature of her aroused body.

“Which it should since you’ve got a ton of celebrating to do,” Reginald quipped.

This piqued Eden’s interest.

Reginald continued. “I want to congratulate you on getting the N.A.R. Distinguished Service Award nomination. That’s quite an achievement for someone as young as yourself.”

The National Association of Realtors’ highly coveted Distinguished Service Award was the ultimate recognition. It wasn’t given lightly and was only presented to realtors who went above and beyond; excelling as market leaders and noticed as the crème de la crème of the industry. Not only that, twenty-five years of service was required or the expectant age of sixty had to be reached. Derek had yet to attain either of those feats. However, his ten years of excellent community outreach was not only a resource for placing the city’s homeless but also an asset to the economy. Also, landing the highest sales score for the last decade propelled him into a class of his own.

Eden’s eyes sparkled, and her hand reached to cover Derek’s, the heat from her palm, making his dick pitch in his pants.

He leveled her with a dark gaze.

“I didn’t know you were nominated for the N.A.R. award,” she said. “Why didn’t you tell me?”

A transient smile drifted across his lips. “I didn’t want to make a fuss about it. Besides, you haven’t been so easy to get in touch with, Mona Lisa.”

A blush filled her cheeks. “Well, this deserves a celebration,” she said.

“I haven’t won anything yet.”

“Oh, baby, the nomination alone is enough reason to celebrate.”

His pulse spiked, heart, warming at her sentiment.

“That on top of a birthday.” Eden’s eyes were highlighted by an intense glow of excitement, transforming her face into a risqué treat for Derek to capture in his eyesight like a still picture he would put away for safe keeping.

“See, it was a good thing for you two to make this trip,” Reginald said. “If you have nothing planned, we can have a fête by the pool later. Unless you two have something else in mind.”

Reginald wasn’t immune to the chemistry Derek, and Eden exuded, but he was also a man to mind his business, so he was often discreet.

“It’s up to the lady,” Derek said, never taking his gaze off Eden.

“How is it up to me? This is your shindig.”

“Yeah, but I’d like to counter my celebration with celebrating you; a woman with high morals, unintentional philanthropy, and unequivocal beauty that transcends the test of time.” He lifted her hand to his lips, heat spreading throughout her skin at the soft caress of his mouth. “By the way, your design of the Durrington Estate is a vivid mixture of home and luxury. I love your attention to detail. The coordination of colors sparked my interactive imagination, and each room has its own personality. Bravo.” Derek released her hand and clapped twice then reached to tweak her chin.

Eden’s arched brows mirrored the surprise felt in her heart.

“Most people don’t have an eye for detail,” she said, her voice a state of awe. “I didn’t think you would notice.”

His gaze fell to a squint. “I notice everything about you.” A smirk lingered at the corner of smooth brown lips. “So how about it? Could we celebrate you, Mona Lisa?”

Eden’s lustrous stare only tightened his shaft, her eyes low, lips partially pursed, and her nose perked.

“How about we celebrate us?”

He winked, a slick grin colliding with the dip in his jaw. Derek’s gaze sparkled. “It’s a deal.”

Eden’s lips parted then reunited as she sucked in a quick breath.

“Then it’s settled!” Reginald commanded, clasping his hands together.

“Mr. Anderson,” Eden said, finally sweeping her eyes to him, “I hope you don’t mind, but I took the liberty of adding a crystal chandelier in the foyer at the Durrington Estate. It’s the only alteration I made after the final sketch that was presented to you. I felt it added,” she peered over at Derek before taking her attention back to Reginald, “personality to the space. However, I have my assistant on standby to remove it, if you wish.”

Reginald’s brows wiggled. “Do you have a picture?”

“Sure.”

Eden rose to her feet, sweeping the gray folder she’d come to the meeting with into her hands. Just as quickly, Derek rose to his full height, easing behind Eden to remove her chair just as she took a step aside.

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

They stared a second longer then Eden made her way to Reginald, a spring in her hips as she sashayed. Derek’s chin lifted, his gaze lowering as he searched for the will to calm his libido.

The longer he remained in Eden’s company, the more he became aware of a dangerous chemistry that clung between them. It was the kind that made opening up to her a no-brainer. Reckless. His father’s words were never too far away. Whenever Derek entertained love with Eden, it was the uninhibited, passionate, powerless abandon that would make his will hers and vice versa.

It was a next level type of ecstasy that most didn’t get to experience truthfully, only touching an edge of its splendor just to be reminded of why it doesn’t work. But damn it if he wasn’t crazy to find out if they could surpass the status quo. So much so that he was willing to risk it all in an exploration of its long-lasting serendipity.

While Eden went over pictures with Reginald, Derek stood still, carrying an eye over the sleek curves of her shoulders, the expressiveness on her face of fascination with the portfolio she presented.

Eden Alexandria Clark.

It wasn’t the first time her name rang through his thoughts in such a way. Lately, it had been one of those things that woke him up at night. As if recognizing his empty bed while trying to shake off the dream was kismet knocking at his door.

“No, leave it just the way it is. It’s a wonderful addition,” Reginald said, silencing Derek’s thoughts for the moment.

“We also have the papers that need signing for the deed.” Eden flipped through a few articles, and Reginald lifted the documents to his face to get a better look.

“This is excellent,” he said as Eden glanced over at Derek, standing firm and handsome, hands in pockets, a penetrating gaze on her.

She winked, and it was so out of her ordinary that it surprised her. Derek winked back, his dark stare an invitation, to where she wasn’t sure yet, but as this trip unfolded, Eden was determined to find out.





Chapter Nine





Lunch was a delicious spread of Balinese food. Served on banana leaves, tofu falafel with red rice, curried coconut, stewed eggplant, potato samosa, a variety of chicken and duck blended with special spices branding the food in its native flavor.

Derek and Eden sat underneath the shelter of a local outside warung—a small restaurant off the busy street of Bali.

“This is good, you should taste it.” Eden lifted her fork, offering Derek a taste of potato samosa. She tried to ignore the buzz crawling around her nipples when his succulent lips closed around her utensil, but by the hitch of her breath, it wasn’t happening.

They took turns feeding each other, appreciating the culture of the city as tourists and locals cruised by, some on scooters and others in domestic vehicles.

“We should ride a scooter tomorrow, you know, go out and explore the city,” Eden suggested.

Derek nodded. “We will.”

Eden turned to him, a sly grin encouraging the rise of her lips. “Seriously?”

“Yeah.” Derek stretched, his legs and arms extended. “Whatever the lady wants.”

Eden pursed her lips. “Are you going to start spoiling me now?”

Derek’s thick brow rose. “You almost sound as if you reject that idea.” He reached to caress her face, sweeping a loose tendril behind her ear.

“No, it’s not that at all, I’m just, unequipped to handle your generosity.” Eden quickened to add, “Not that you haven’t been generous in the past, but,” she waved a hand in the air, “this is us, hanging out internationally no less. Most people spend this with friends, family,” she paused, “a life partner. Who knew I would experience this with you?”

“You’ve just said it yourself, Mona Lisa. I am a friend, practically family, and the latter can be arranged.”

They held each other in an unwavering heated stare that carried a message in its act of implication.

Eden exhaled a breath. “Why do you call me Mona Lisa?”

Derek smirked. “I always wondered if you’d ever ask me that. The Mona Lisa is the most coveted, valuable piece of artwork from the Renaissance era. It’s held with high regard, treasured above all else of its kind, and best known for its delicate modeling form.” He reached for Eden’s hand, rubbing a thumb in the center of her palm as a breeze swept over their skin. “You, Eden Alexandria…” Clark. Derek paused, his mind taking a life of its own as his thoughts lay in wait on the tip of his tongue. He exhaled, long and dramatically while Eden waited for him to finish, her peer inquisitively piqued. “You are my modern-day Mona Lisa, subtle in every way; held in high regard with everyone you come in contact with. And I plan to treasure you above all else, as long as there’s breath in my lungs.”

A pleasurable wave of desire coursed throughout Eden, and taking her eyes off of Derek, she inhaled a breath and flipped the hair out of her face with a shake of her head.

“You shouldn’t do that.”

“Do what?”

“Make promises you might not be able to keep.”

Even though Eden agreed to be his lady, she was still protecting her heart in the case that love wasn’t a thing Derek could manage. It felt odd, but until she was certain Derek was all in, it had to happen.

Derek’s fingers linked with Eden’s. “Do you think I would lie to you, Mona Lisa?”

“Not purposely, but things happen, you know, and I don’t want to be…” she exhaled, “let’s just let the chips fall where they may, okay?”

Derek eyed her carefully, understanding Eden’s reservations. He had something to prove and prove he would.





Eden couldn’t believe she hadn’t brought a bathing suit. Clutching a black new pair of Victoria’s Secret panties with the bra to match in her hands, Eden leaned into a hip and wondered how she managed to remember the undergarments but no swimwear.

“Because Jasmine was all you could think about,” Eden murmured.

Once upon a time, Eden’s sister Jasmine entered Eden’s closet taking everything out of her drawers and off clothing hangers, insisting that Eden get a new wardrobe.

“How do you plan to get a man when everything in your closet is one hundred percent cotton?” Jasmine asked.

Eden squinted; her lips puckered. “I don’t plan to get just any man; there’s only—”

“Yeah, yeah, I got it. You only want Derek. But, sis, how do you plan to put on for him? I mean, don’t you want to be sexy for Derek?” Jasmine held up the cotton pajama suit. “You’ve got to have something other than this.”

“Derek isn’t vain. Regardless of what the newspapers or TV say, I know him.”

Jasmine nodded. “Yeah, but he is a man. And seeing you in something that fits your curves would be a treat for him.” Jasmine stared at Eden, identical eyes holding while Eden thought it over.

“You’re right, but I have no idea where to start.”

A naughty smile spread across Jasmine’s lips. “It’s time for a shopping trip. I’m calling Phoebe.”

“Ugh, must you?”

A single brow arched on Jasmine’s face, and Eden explained, “I don’t think I can take the both of you shoving a bunch of silk in my face.”

Jasmine’s head fell back as laughter bounced off her tongue.

“Come on,” Jasmine said, grabbing Eden’s hand and leaving for the mall.

“We got everything under the sun, except a bathing suit.” Eden dropped the panties and slapped her forehead, caressing her temples, her mind shuffling.

“Think, think, think.” She snapped her fingers, “Oh yeah!”

Turning on her heels, Eden pulled her cell from her jean pocket and shot off a text message to Derek. She was supposed to meet him outside her door once she’d changed. From there, they would walk down to the pool for his mini celebration—or their celebration, as he insisted.

Hey, I need to run down to one of the boutiques. Silly me didn’t pack a bathing suit. I’ll meet you at the pool.

Send.

Twenty seconds later: I don’t mind waiting.

Eden blushed, biting her bottom lip.

Well maybe I want to surprise you with a gift, and I insist you meet me down at the pool.

Send.

Ten seconds later: You’ve got thirty minutes, woman, then I’m coming to look for you.

Eden’s cheeks burned as heat filled her face.

Deal.

Eden grabbed her handbag and rushed to exit. On the elevator, her phone beeped again, an incoming notification.

You stay on my mind. Keep in touch so that I know that you’re okay.

Her ears tingled as a swarm of warmth covered her skin.

Why wouldn’t I be okay, Mr. Clark?

Send.

She bit her bottom lip.

The same reason tourists come up missing while traveling alone. I don’t mean to rush you, but I hate the thought of you being unaccompanied. Get back to me.

When the elevator doors opened, Eden exited, her mind in a fog as Derek’s request circled her thoughts. The doorbell chimed when she entered the boutique.

“Hello, is there anything specific I can help you with today?”

Eden glanced around the clothing store. Bright swimwear, loungewear, bedwear and the like were arranged atop tables, on display racks, and showcased on mannequins. Eden was reminded of a store back in the States as her eyes settled on the layout.

“I need swimwear.”

Medium in height with black hair that drifted across small shoulders, the store owner smiled, her eyes a squint as she spoke.

“I have just the thing for you.”

Eden was grateful the woman spoke English. Even though she’d taken the time to go over a few generic words in the foreign language, trying to communicate fluently would be impossible.

“Matur suksma,” Eden said, thanking the women in Balinese.

“Oh, you’re welcome, miss.”

Eden trailed the owner, her eyes gawking at some of the spicy bikinis that were offered to her. She almost turned every single one of them down, but Jasmine’s chastising voice pushed her forward every time.

Now standing in the mirror back in her villa, Eden’s nerves tossed as she took in her full appearance. She bit her bottom lip. Sure, she wanted to be sexy for Derek, but was this pushing it? Would he think she was a skank?

The two-piece, barely there, all-white bikini was a definite showstopper. With strings that tied the bottoms alongside her waist, and white lace that tread low underneath her belly, the garment was just high enough not to reveal the beginning of her Brazilian wax. At the back, the garment lined the hill of Eden’s derriere, and she was reminded why she stayed covered—her ass being a daunting attention seeker.

But you want his attention, don’t you?

Eden sighed, her eyes taking in the single string that tied her top at the middle of her back and around her neck. Rotating to the front, she cupped her breasts, rearranging the thin material over her nipples, trying to hide the chocolate cleavage spilling from the sides and middle of her ample bosom.

Her nerves spun just as a notification came through her cell.

10… 9… 8…

A smile laced her face so full and out of control that a laugh drifted from her lips.

I’m making my way down now.

Send.

Matur suksma.

Eden grabbed the white, sheer bikini wrap that covered her like a light housecoat and slipped her feet into a pair of two-inch designer heels.

Ten minutes. That’s all the time it had taken to enter the pool area. With the sun no longer a beacon of light in the sky, the nightlife of Bali in full swing, Eden sauntered across the brick cemented ground, past a line of firepits that were stationed along the out skirted pathway of the swimming pool. Heat from the flames warmed the atmosphere, carrying soft winds in a mingling current against the palm trees.

Guests lounged, some in small circles, some holding discreet conversations, while others laughed out loud and made a show of their spirited dialogue.

Eden felt the rouse of her nerves settle against her skin before she saw him. But it didn’t take longer than a mere blink and turn of her head to connect with Derek’s golden brown gaze. He was crowded with three men and four women that laughed and swatted playfully as his group reveled in their entertaining banter.

With his attention on her, Derek’s lips moved at the group, and with one proceeding step, his stroll carried the strength of his muscular physique on a path in Eden’s direction.

She inhaled a soft breath, carrying her eyes over the snug fit of his unbuttoned white oxford shirt. Broad shoulders stretched the material with each influential move toward her, and the pectoral build of his torso teased Eden’s eyes as they traveled down his navel, aware of the bulge in his shorts as her gaze settled on the beach sandals on his feet.

Eden’s nerves were even more galvanized now, and it was then that she realized the type of trouble that truly lied ahead.

“I missed you,” Derek said, slipping an arm around her waist as he drew her into the shield of his embrace.

A wide-spread smile transformed her mouth, lifting the sparkle in her eye as she moved her hands up his chest and around his neck.

“Is that so?”

“Damn right it is.”

A heavy chuckle eased off her lips.

“I missed you as well.”

“Did you?”

Eden nodded, her cheeks stretched with heat. “I did.”

“Then what took you so long to get to me, woman?”

Eden tilted her head to the side. “I couldn’t figure out which swimsuit to wear.”

Derek sucked off his teeth, his gaze roaming over the silk wrap she wore.

“And what did you decide?”

Eden took a step out of his arms, then another as she unfolded the tie that held the garment closed. When it opened, she blocked the second thoughts that flooded her mind, removing the wrap from her shoulders. It fell to the ground into a pool at her feet, but Derek’s dark gaze never made it there, frozen, as he took in every inch of her striking curvaceous form.

Covered in a swarm of heat, his pulse hitching, and heart slamming, Derek murmured a vile oath, his life suddenly endangered under the rickety knock tumbling in his chest.

It had taken a massive effort for Eden to stand poised as he watched her, but she was breaking under his silence, her nerves getting the better of her. She glanced at the pool, suddenly interested in hiding beneath the warmth of its aqua blue shelter. And without warning, she slipped off her heels, took the three steps to the edge, and dived right in, calmed by the exhilarating rush of its wave.

On her heels, Derek stripped the shirt off his back, his arms outstretched as he took on the same plunge as she. Eden swam with the grace of a mermaid, and when she rose from the surface at the back of the pool, she was covered in his shadow.

Her eyes fluttered open, water running down her face as she was suddenly engulfed in rock-hard arms and a heated sheet of muscle that was Derek’s chest.

A growl trekked from his mouth. “What exactly are you trying to do to me in this sexy-ass swimsuit?”

Her ears tingled, the coolness of his breath thrilling as it flowed down her wet neck.

“I was hoping,” she said, her backside rubbing into his crotch, “that maybe, you’d like it.” Her hips wined, unearthing a sweltering fire that attacked their loins.

Derek spun Eden in his arms, his mouth dropping to her nose.

“Mona Lisa…” He gritted his teeth, the lock of his jaw containing his sudden urge to swallow her mouth and fuck Eden with unstrained vigor against the wall of the pool.

“What? Don’t you like it?”

His gaze drove over the architecture of her feminine face, watching her eyes flutter innocently and wickedly simultaneously.

“Like doesn’t begin to describe what I feel regarding anything concerning you. But especially, this…” He sucked his teeth, reining in his thunderous heart. “You’re so fuckin’ perfect.”

Eden’s pussy thumped, her breath hitched, and her eyes became expressively adoring. She was completely unhinged around Derek. For whatever hand fate was dealing her, Eden couldn’t control herself, wanting, yearning, craving to connect with him. It was the same voodoo she felt at her family’s Christmas party that had her seizing in his grasp as he fed off her plum with the deep thrusts of his tongue.

Bravado rose, and squaring her shoulders, Eden slipped her hands up Derek’s chest where she locked her arms around his neck and lifted her legs, hoisting them around his waist. Her center brushed a caress over his dick, riding a soft wave of water in a bounce—her breasts to his chest. Eden pulled his mouth to her lips with the lure of her heavy stare, and Derek’s heated palms surprised her when they drove up Eden’s back, stirring a round of nerves with each upsurge of his stroking fingers. He backed her into the pool’s wall, cornering her where only he could take in the full spectrum of her dark brown eyes.

“You should be careful, Mona Lisa.”

“Why?” Eden purred. “I want to connect with you.”

“And you will.” He rubbed his lips together, her mouth an indulgence he craved to savor.

“When?”

“When you’re ready.”

“I’m ready now.”

Eden’s hips gyrated a grind between them, and when Derek spoke again, his gruff undertone, profound in nature, scurried in a tremor over her skin.

“No. You’re not.”

“Yes. I. Am,” Eden said, each syllable complemented by a sensuous gyration of her hips.

Derek’s nostrils flared as he held her eye. “Mona Lisa, the things I will do to your body will make you come in rapid succession.” He leaned in, his lips a mere wisp from her mouth. “I’m talking about jarring climaxes that will make your body seize as you drip down the rigidness of my shaft.” His brow lifted as her heartbeat rocked. “This may be the only time I find resolve regarding you. So you should chill, beautiful. You’re not ready.”

Eden’s breath had suddenly become bated, her pulse thumping, and clit stimulated.

Derek peered at her, waiting for a rebuttal.

“Well, maybe you can be gentle with me at first.”

He smirked. “At first?”

“Yeah, you know.” Her hips began to pick up another gyrated wine. “Until I get the hang of your sexual rhythm.”

Derek’s jaw locked, then released, his gaze heavy on her. “And then what?” He wanted to know just how far she would go in telling him what she desired.

“And then…have your way with me.”

His lids lowered, his gaze locked on the outline of her mouth.

“Have my way with you,” he clarified, his voice a cover of thunder. “Have you any idea what you’re insisting?”

Eden’s eyes fluttered, her breath hitching with anticipation. “I do.”

“Mona Lisa…”

“Why are you putting up a fight about it?”

“This is hardly a fight, beautiful, I just,” he paused. “I thought you were waiting for marriage?”

Derek figured if anything gave her pause, it would be making Eden remember her oath.

She sighed. “I was, but—”

“Marry me then.”

Eden’s breath was snatched, and her body covered in chills. “What?”

He smirked. “I said—”

“I heard you.” Eden stared into his eyes. “Now who’s not ready?”

The containment. It was a riveting showdown. A powerful struggle of wills as they detained one another, gaze to gaze, heartbeat to heartbeat.

“Now you know better than that.”

Eden untangled her legs from his waist, bouncing with the wave of the water as her feet rebounded off the pool floor. She dropped her arms from his neck.

“Actually, I don’t know, but I definitely don’t find this funny. You could’ve just said you weren’t interested instead of making a joke about marriage.”

Eden’s heart thundered, her throat clogging as she moved to swim away from him.

Derek blocked her path. “You’ve got me wrong, Mona Lisa, I wouldn’t—”

“Please just stop.”

His jaw ticked, heart swelling as he worked to figure out a way to get through to her.

“Just the couple I was looking for.” Reginald Anderson approached their end of the pool, a short glass of Scotch in his hands, a calming look in his eyes that said he’d had more than one. “Ladies and gentlemen,” he spoke to the attendees, “I’d like to introduce you to Chicago’s power realtor, Derek James Clark, who’s been nominated for the prestigious N.A.R. Distinguished Service Award and his power partner, Eden Alexandria Rose, award-winning interior designer. They are the Beyoncé and Jay-Z of realty, and I’ve had the pleasure of retaining their services. Tonight, we’re here to celebrate them, so give these two a round of applause.”

The area lit up in cheers and congratulations with people coming over to bend and shake hands while others wanted more information.

It was the distraction Eden needed, helping her ease out of the pool and slip back into her shoes and wrap. After giving her email to a few prospects, she strolled to a table that held light refreshments and grabbed a flute of champagne. Silently aware of Derek’s tracking gaze, Eden replenished her thirst, needing the twang of alcohol to calm her still disheveled nerves.

Was she overreacting? Derek seemed genuine, but his track record was so shaky. How could she possibly believe he was ready for marriage? It wasn’t long ago that Derek completely dismissed her, and even after knowing why, the sting of it still hurt.

Eden downed the remainder of her glass, disposed of it, then grabbed another and, without looking his way, made her exit.

Sleep. It was what she needed to get her head together, but right now, she just wanted to be inebriated somewhere with Derek’s lips between her thighs or his dick pounding her to death.

Damn him. He was the only person in the world who could completely pull her out of character, and now that she’d experienced the consummation of his mouth, it was as if he owned her.

Her swift exit carried her to the stairwell in record time. With no patience to wait at the elevators, she entered and made it up the first flight when the door was breached.

“I owe you an explanation, so please allow me to justify my actions.”

Eden’s pulse spiked—her getaway interrupted. She lifted the flute in her hand and took half of its contents down with one swig.

He waited for her reply when she spun around, immediately captured by the intensity of his brimming stare.

“I’m listening.”





Chapter Ten





He took the staircase two steps at a time, moving into her space as if he belonged there.

“You have every reason not to believe me. I asked you to let me gain your trust, and I know that it takes a little time. So, forgive me.” He eased closer, presumptuously—the allotted space between them unsavory for his liking.

Derek grabbed Eden’s empty hand and placed her palm over the threaded hammer of his heartbeat, making sure to keep her eye as he spoke again.

“Never in my life would I propose as a jest. You don’t know how much you mean to me, and as much as that kills me, it’s my fault. So I’ll own it. I’ll also admit that proposing at this time in our relationship is premature and appears unthoughtful and filled with contempt. I apologize, please forgive me.”

Eden was a mess of emotions. Every atom inside her was holding a parade with her nerves tingling, pulsing, and pussy thumping simultaneously.

She nodded, unable to communicate her current sentiments.

“Another thing, you said if I wasn’t interested, I should just say that.” His gaze darkened. “Were you serious?”

Eden lifted her chin, her head turned as she took down the rest of her champagne.

She shrugged. “If you were me, you would think—”

He captured her lips, his arms taking in the whole of her waist as he pulled her in a suction of titillating passion against his rock-hard body.

“Mmmm…” Eden moaned, suddenly floating on a cloud, unperturbed about the destination ahead of her.

He spoke amid his tongue, researching her mouth. “It’s been hell for me to keep my hands to myself.” He sucked in her tongue, his language a dark mumble, “I don’t want to defile you the way I’ve envisioned for years now.” Another suck of her lips that transformed into a nibble along the rim of her soft outline, “So telling me to have my way with you is indescribably dangerous for us both.” His mouth pressed into hers, then trod down her chin. “I might lose control with you,” his gaze was trained on her, “so don’t ever think my hesitation has anything to do with not wanting you. It’s an insult of the highest degree.”

Eden’s heart pounced, her pussy dripping as the heat that covered them became a furnace.

A bell went off in the distance, signaling the stroke of midnight.

“Happy birthday,” she said, a shiver running down her body.

Derek smiled with his gaze, top lip caught between his teeth as he eyed the desire in her eyes.

“Are you cold?”

“Yes,” she lied. “Have anything to warm me up?”

Derek’s gaze darkened, and he cursed, lifting her off the ground—her ass in his palms, her legs locking around his waist.

Their mouths smashed, a hot meshing of their lips that made them moan and indulge with deep tongue-plunging thrusts. Derek moved up the staircase, his momentum a charging bolt to get them to his villa. A naughty thought of taking her in the stairwell was a flashing spell in Derek’s mind, but he kept moving, noting to make it a spontaneous venture for Eden after he broke her in properly.

At the door, Derek entered a key code as Eden kissed down his ear, then neck, filling him with even more splintering heat. She ground against him, and he gripped her derriere then pulled his palm back and slapped her ass.

“Oh…”

A growl trekked from Derek as he moved them inside, where he entered the large luxury bathroom.

With her in his arms, continuing to pepper his neck with kisses, Derek turned the tub’s nozzle; as it filled, he added an essential oil mixture that Eden had never seen.

“What’s that?” she mumbled with his earlobe in her mouth.

Derek smirked. “Never fear, it helps with sore muscles.”

A sensation of stimulating heat swept over Eden and her mouth stilled.

“What?” His deep voice drummed. “You scared now?”

Eden swallowed, all of her bravado fleeing.

“Don’t be,” he added. “I’ll take care of you. You believe me, don’t you?”

Eden nodded, and Derek peered at her.

“Yes,” she said.

He kissed her lips and sat her on her feet where they shed their clothes and took their time perusing one another.

Eden wasn’t surprised at the revelation of Derek’s dominant masculinity. Every pectoral muscle on him was as solid as the side of a mountain, yet beautifully sculpted, a stunning masterpiece. His dick, however, was an instrument that shouldn’t be used on a trial run such as this, and Eden couldn’t help but wonder how the upward curve of its tip would affect her.

She bit her bottom lip and lifted her eye to his, noting the way his gaze pierced every dip and sway in her feminine curves.

“God, you’re so beautiful.” He shook his head, stunned by the excellence of her.

Eden blushed. “I’m not flawless, you know.” She crossed her feet at the ankles and turned shyly, her eyes peering at him. “Every girl has her flaws.”

Derek reached for her hand and pulled Eden close.

“What is a flaw,” he asked rhetorically. “It is the measure of what one perceives as unmatchable—this thing is elusive to self. But do you believe that our creator makes mistakes?”

She hesitated. “No, of course not.”

“Then know that inaccessible perfection is an illusion, and I say you are perfect.” He lifted her chin and took her mouth into the moist cover of his. “Come.”

They strode hand in hand then Derek lifted her, and she fit comfortably around his body as he stepped into the tub. Derek kept her tightly in his grasp, his dick pressed against their abdomens, hard and heavy as he sat. His girth tapped at the top of Eden’s navel, and she shuddered, then lifted to drive the hill of her pussy in a grind over Derek’s erection. He pulled Eden by her ass in a graze across his lap, sending a shard of heat splintering to her nipples. They hardened to a sting, and her mouth fell open, a purr escaping her lips.

“Ooh…”

Eden’s body bowed, her head falling back as Derek’s grip dragged her back and forth, causing a waylay of desire to crackle between their thighs.

“Derek—aah…ooh, baby,” she moaned, absorbed in the wave of pleasure that rocked her as he teased her sensitive nipples with the flick of his tongue.

Eden sucked in her breath, a hiss on her tongue as she moaned. “Mmmm, do it,” she purred. “Don’t spare me.”

Derek sucked her harder, his dark gaze leading a trail to her eyes.

His voice held the edge of a growl as a tingling whisper feathered against her skin.

“What did I tell you about talking like that?”

“And I don’t care…” She ground. “I just want to bond with you.” She paused. “Only you.”

Eden drew her eyes to him—an intense stare-down that taunted an unspoken challenge.

“Come here,” he said, the grip on her ass tightening as she leaned into him, her arms around his neck.

Derek nibbled up her chin and pulled in Eden’s lips as his tongue entered her mouth. Eden moaned on a burst of heat, their hearts pounding as their chests compressed.

With his grasp, Derek lifted her ass and dragged his dick between the folds of her vagina. A shiver slipped from Eden, and their mouths devoured one another.

When Derek entered her sanctuary, it was with slow, slippery ease, spreading a shower of fire that crept through her soul and caused her to tear her mouth from his on a scream.

“Oooooh my, Derek!”

Eden’s eyes widened, and her fingernails stabbed into Derek’s muscular shoulder blade.

His grip never slipped, and Derek’s shaft buried a tunnel that led to the furthest reach of her.

Eden’s body was filled with instant fever, her mind unstable as she mumbled words of insanity.

“Mmmm…babe, can you, aah…oh my God.”

“Open your eyes,” Derek instructed as he sent another slow, digging stroke in her center.

Eden peeled her eyes open, instantly trained on him.

“Tell me if it’s too much.”

“I will,” she said as he slipped out then in again. Eden’s body vibrated, feeling riveted with each upsurge of his hips. She bit her lips. “Are you supposed to be this large?”

He paused.

“No, please don’t stop.”

“Are you sure?”

“Hell yes.”

A smile pushed at the corners of his lips as he resumed a slow rock inside her. Eden felt weakened all at once, the grind of his girth pulling her apart bit by bit. She leaned forward, half running, half resting against his solid frame as her body stretched, bent, and molded in accommodation of his sex.

Derek took that as an invitation, engulfing her breasts wholly, sending a shooting tingle in a spiral throughout Eden.

“Oooh, this feels so damn fantastic. Mmmm…”

Their rhythm was spell-binding, their bodies creating a slapping chant with each thrust he bestowed and bounce she displayed between a splash of water.

Into the thread of lovemaking, Eden’s momentum increased, and Derek worshiped one nipple, the next, then both as he allowed her to explore the limits of her drive.

“Aaaah…this,” her words faltered, “you feel so wonderful. Oh, my God. Rock me harder, baby.”

A vibration trembled from his throat.

“Come on,” she bounced, “I can handle a bit more if you’ll just give me more.”

His undeniable thirst to give it to her rough was met with the desire to feel Eden tremble in his grip.

“Don’t let go,” he whispered, his dick a heat-seeking missile as he speared her pussy and consumed her mouth on a shriek.

“Aaaaah my God!”

Eden’s nails dug deeper into his shoulder, but she lost her grip when his thrusts doubled down, and he fucked her with deep penetration. She’d pulled skin from his body, not once, or twice, but three times as he pummeled her sanctum thoroughly.

“Give me your mouth.”

She obeyed, her arms lounging around his neck as Derek held on to her ass, stroking, thrusting, pounding with titanium upsurges that weakened her knees and made her whimper.

“Tell me to stop,” he ordered.

Eden’s head fell to his shoulder, and Derek kissed along her neck.

“Tell me…” His hips rocked into her canal, the solid length of his dick massaging, pressing, submerging.

“I can’t…” she moaned.

Derek held on to her ass with a firm grip and pulled to his feet with a swift ease that defied all logic. Her legs locked around him as he buried his cock so deep a guttural cry tore from Eden on a moan.

“Don’t make me lose control,” he begged, “please…”

She had never felt anything so blissfully torturous in all her life. Eden’s body was attacked with chills, and the pulsating of her vagina made her eyes roll—her body a vibrating quake.

“I think…” she panted, “I’m getting ready to…to…”

He nibbled her lip then dipped and rotated his hips, feeding her every inch of him—ravenous, unadulterated.

Eden’s body shook, and more whimpers fled from her. She was insanely comforted by the stroke of his sex, her body rejoicing until her joints stiffened and an outcry squealed from her. She drenched his shaft with a river of crème that made him harder as his thrusts became unyielding.

Eden’s ears popped, her body climaxing again as his pounding grew greater in resilience.

Water sloshed at his legs as he pumped, sucking in her mouth as Eden held on tight.

“My body is exploding…” she moaned into his mouth, with tremors rocking quick spasms through her core.

Derek moved, exiting the tub and entering a shower that was big enough to fit a group of people inside. He hit the nozzle, setting the temperature quickly, and they were instantly drenched as water rained down from all sides. Sucking in Eden’s mouth again, their heartbeats playing a game of Pitty Pat, Derek long stroked Eden soft, then hard, deeply exploring every heated corner of her plum.

He pinned her body against the warm marble tile, fed her long strokes on his toes, desperately needing to bask in her love for as long as she could stand it.

And Eden, though nearly in shambles, held on to him as his powerful thrusts pulled orgasm after orgasm from her until she could take it no longer. Eden’s limbs dropped, her head rolling as she mumbled, her core offering another body-twitching round of tremors.

“You are so fucking fulfilling, Mona Lisa…so thoroughly rewarding, I…” His tongue traced down her neck as his ejaculation pumped, and they both moaned.

“Oooh… Shit—Oooh my God…”

They held one another, lingering in the thread of water that sprayed over them. Derek kissed her face, nibbled her lips, and lifted her head with the tip of his nose to her chin.

Eden eyed him, her breathing long, expressively hitched as she tried to contain the rapid beat of her heart.

I love you.

Derek wanted to express that sentiment, but he didn’t want Eden to think that gesture belonged to the heat of their passion.

I love you.

Eden tried to form the words, but even in the most blissful of moments, she found herself cut off from sharing.

“Are you all right,” his dark voice drummed.

Eden nodded, and he eyed her with a side eye.

“Yes,” she spoke.

“If I put you on your feet, can you stand?”

“No, please don’t…not yet. Just, give me a few minutes, please.”

Derek kissed her chin. “It’s not a problem, beautiful.”

He moved with her in his arms, grabbing a soap sponge and lathering the loofah with Dove Purely Pampering body wash. It was a mixture of shea butter and vanilla that teased Eden’s nose.

“That smells delightful,” she said, her head resting on the rocky hill of his shoulder. “Do you normally wash with vanilla-scented soap?”

Derek chuckled. “This was purchased with you in mind, beautiful.”

Eden lifted her head and eyed him. “Because you knew I’d end up here with you?”

He eyed her just as hard. “No. Because I hoped.”

With their gazes bouncing and static electricity still popping between them, Eden leaned into his lips for a soft but hungry kiss that charged Derek further.

“We will never make it out of this bathroom at this rate.”

“I wasn’t looking for an escape.”

Derek smiled, a delicious spread of his mouth as he dropped the sponge, his girth ballooning inside her vagina.

“Aaaah…” Eden’s head fell backward and, as she rethought her strategy, gave in to the onslaught of pleasurable passion that Derek wielded. He’d gotten another wild fill of her, taking Eden against each wall of the shower until her voice became hoarse and tears spilled from her eyes.

Derek removed himself from her, massaging her thighs in a soft but firm caress.

“Look at me.” She lifted an eye to him. “Are you all right?”

“I need rest.”

Derek nodded. “You’re right. I apolog—”

“Don’t.” Eden shook her head. “That’s unnecessary.” Her lips lifted. “If I had the pleasure of beginning again, nothing would change.”

Derek kissed her mouth, then sat Eden carefully on her feet where he washed them both as he held tight to her weakened stance; her body leaning against his pectoral chest.

Sweeping Eden off her feet, Derek exited and covered her in the softest towel she’d ever felt.

“Oh, I’ve got to get some of these for my bathroom back in the States,” she mumbled, her eyes growing heavy as she drifted off to sleep in his arms.





Chapter Eleven





Lavender. Eden knew the smell as she slept. Her eyes fluttered, an image taking root in her sight.

“Good morning, beautiful.”

A smile pierced her lips. “Good mor—” The ache that hammered her body rendered Eden speechless. “Oh…”

“I’ve got a bath waiting for you that will help with—”

“My sore muscles?”

Derek cocked his head to the side, his golden gaze heightening her pulse.

“Exactly.”

She rolled her eyes then stuffed her face in a pillow while Derek chuckled.

“Take your time, then when you’re ready, your bath will be waiting.”

Eden turned her flushed face back to Derek. “Thank you.”

“You’re more than welcome, my love.”

Eden sniffed the air. “Is someone cooking?”

Derek stood. “Yes. Would you like something to eat?”

Eden drew in her arms and pushed herself upward.

“I would, but bath first.”

“This way.” He motioned with his arms, and it was then that Eden noticed his bare-chested, chiseled abdomen. Her body tingled, but she managed to pull herself from the soft sheets.

“Hey, I’m wearing your shirt,” she said, looking down at the Howard University sweater.

“Yeah, I didn’t want you getting cold in the middle of the night in case you somehow ended up untangled from me.” His gaze held her deep, and Eden blushed with a twist of her lips.

“Did I?”

“No.”

“I slept like a baby.”

Derek chuckled as they navigated to the bathroom.

“I’ll let you get some privacy.”

Eden nodded, and Derek pinched her chin then turned to walk away.

“Derek?” He took the few steps back to her, covering Eden with the warmth of his shadow. “Do you regret last night?”

His forehead creased, exhibiting a frown as one brow arched.

“I don’t.” He eyed her closely. “Do you?”

Eden exhaled. “Not even close.”

He pulled her in for a hug and kiss on the forehead.

“Then we’re good, right?”

Eden whimpered as his tight hold, stirred the aches that lay underneath her flesh. Derek released her, driving an eye over Eden’s face.

“Go,” he said, “you’ll feel much better when you’re done.”

Derek was right. Eden soaked for a little over an hour, becoming a shriveled up piece of meat before finally crawling out and moisturizing her body in shea buttercream.

When Eden reentered the bedroom, her suitcase was waiting by a chest of drawers, and she was relinquished of her idea of running across the hall dressed only in a towel.

Eden’s eyes moved to a note on her luggage.

Your meditation awaits on the balcony beyond the double doors.

Eden’s brows rose, and her movements were careful as she dressed in daisy dukes and a half-top shirt. With her feet bare, she moved to the double doors and exited, coming to face a beautiful outdoor setup. Meditation mats sat on a hardwood terrace facing an aqua blue pool and a rising sun.

The quietness of the atmosphere brought forth a serenity that calmed her aching nerves even more than the bath had.

Finding her spot, Eden rested her wrists on her knees and drew in a deep breath, relaxing in the silence of her focused unwind.

The wind blew briefly, but mixed with the sun’s rays, the warmth added an extra layer of tranquility.

Inhaling and exhaling, Eden held her posture, the rhythm of her heart keeping the same tune as the easy-going drive of her pulse.

After a splendid hour of reflection, Eden’s energy grew stronger when Derek stepped into her space—her mind recharging and her spirit awakened from an ultra-sensitive vibration brought on by the shield of his towering presence.

She’d never felt such vibrancy before, making her eyes snap open as a shiver slipped down her spine.

“I don’t mean to interrupt, but I have breakfast if you’re up for some nutrition.”

Eden’s lips rose into a blushing smile then she turned, cocking her head up to look at him. Derek was now covered in an apron, his bare arms a muscular branch of sinewy flesh as he held a tray in his palms.

Eden rose to her feet. “Are you cooking?”

Derek winked. “Past tense.” He nodded toward a table that was dressed in a white cloth with a red runner crossing the center. Balinese china awaited their meal, as did the utensils that lay next to the dishes.

“Wine?” Eden asked, eyeing the two glasses on the table.

Derek chuckled. “Orange juice.”

Eden’s easy laughter scurried across Derek’s skin, warming his blood in an acceleration of his heartbeat.

He waited for Eden to take her seat, and when she did, her eye watched him as he added the food to their plates.

“It’s your birthday. I’m supposed to be the one treating you.” She bit her bottom lip, unable to hide the adoration she felt.

“You did treat me. Or don’t you remember?”

Eden’s face heated, and she dropped her head into her hands as another laugh chuckled from her.

“You have twenty-four hours in a birthday. So, we should still go out and celebrate.”

“Oh yeah?”

“Yeah! Scooters, remember?”

Derek chuckled. “You really want to get on one, huh?”

“Yes, but I don’t want to drive.”

Derek took his seat. “So how will you ride if you don’t drive?”

“Holding on to you while I scream.”

They both laughed, animated, and content in their easy repartee.

“Tell me, how do you feel this morning?”

Eden’s shoulders lifted coyly. “I’m great.”

“Oh, great, huh?” Derek’s gaze sparkled, a smirk lingering at the corner of his lips.

“That’s what I said.” Eden placed her hands on her hips for extra emphasis.

Derek chuckled and nodded. “Okay. Then you won’t mind the bumps in the road, or the exhilaration of the wind while we ride, huh?”

Eden bit down, her jaw locking, and teeth bared as she thought it over.

“Can’t we drive on like a smooth sidewalk or something?”

A roaring laugh speared from Derek, and Eden covered her mouth as a spitting laugh left her lips.

Removing the napkin that held their utensils, Derek offered Eden the cloth as he reined in his merriment.

“You’ll be all right. I’ll take care of you.”

The promise of his words sent a buzz crawling around Eden’s skin. Their watchful gazes held, and somehow Eden knew she would be safe with him. Or…she hoped like hell.

It was that type of commitment that made Eden fall in love with him before. Loyalty to his family, respect for his mother, but equally the obligation to uplift his fellow man with his service in the community. It was that same commitment to being a ladies’ man; however, that kept Eden slightly guarded. But a girl couldn’t help who she loved.

As Derek’s personality was molded throughout his young adult years, Eden watched him offer a helping hand, shoveling dirt for the new municipal center in a suit and tie. Not because he needed to be formal, but it was a rare sight to catch Derek in casual wear. He was always coming and going from one meeting, interview, or opportunity that he’d worked so hard to come upon—his focus a driving force behind his success.

The same could, however, be said about the women in his life. Models, actresses, and the like coming and going with no regard to a future. That same sincere and caring man she fell in love with was the same one whose papa was a rolling stone. And even though Eden had crossed a point of no return with Derek, she knew if this was all for naught, she could become inconsolable.

They ate and enjoyed the calmness of their private accommodations, then after dressing for the day, found a bike rental company where Derek urged Eden to pick their ride.

“But I don’t know anything about which scooter is the best,” she said. Eden glanced over her shoulder at the salesman then leaned into Derek’s chest and whispered, “And I can’t ask that guy because he would rent us the most expensive one.”

Derek chuckled. “Money is no object beautiful.”

“That’s beside the point. It’s the principle, ya know.”

Derek’s smile remained. “How about this, pick the one you think is the cutest, and we’ll get that one.”

Derek tried to hide the guffaw threatening to chuck from his lips as he watched Eden place hands on her hips and shift her weight with a haughty lift of her head. She peered at Derek.

“Oh no you didn’t.”

Trying to conceal his expression, Derek responded, “What?”

“You’re playing games now.”

His laugh burst through, and Derek wrapped Eden in the comfort of his embrace then rained kisses down the nape of her neck.

“I’m just messing with you, love.”

“Mmhmm.” She pursed her lips. “You play too much.” Derek’s laughter was an elated rhythm of chills that slipped down her spine—his soft lips holding steady to the flesh on her neck.

“They’re all quite fitting for any adventure,” the salesman said, deciding to add his two cents whether asked or not.

“You know what, give us your best, most expensive one,” she said, teasing Derek as she turned to peer at him.

The salesman glanced at Derek for approval.

“You heard the lady, give her what she wants.”

The salesman’s gaze twinkled. “Right away.”





Chapter Twelve





They sped down narrow roads, past hotels, shops, and warungs. With helmets on, Eden held tightly to Derek’s abdomen as the wind sailed past their faces—the scenic view at times a blur. Derek had been right, the exhilaration of the ride made Eden’s nerves bubble. But Derek was gentle with their cruise, taking extra caution to avoid bumps or uneven pavement in an attempt to offer her a smooth ride.

Eden reveled in the warmth of his broad back, laying her head against him on occasion and inhaling his natural scent. She tried shifting thoughts of forever with him aside, but her heart was filled with longing, and every internal fight she put up was lost.

Derek wheeled the scooter off the road where he parked and pulled Eden into his arms, and they entered Tegalalang Rice Terrace—a valley of rice paddies with layers of green vegetation.

Palm trees were exuberant as they shadowed every area, from the entrance to as far as the eye could see. Hand in hand, Derek and Eden explored the valley, taking the twenty-minute hike where they passed men in straw hats carrying baskets of picked plants, one on each side of a long stick that was holstered on their shoulders.

“This is beautiful,” Eden said, sweeping her eyes around the picturesque scene.

“It is, and I believe we made it before the locals arrived.”

Eden nodded, also noting the emptiness of the valley.

“I think I saw a swing back at the entrance.” Her statement was suggestive.

“Would you like to ride?”

Eden’s lips coerced her mouth into a smile. “The swing?”

Derek tugged her fingers, effectively drawing Eden into the shield of his torso where he placed a warm kiss on her lips.

“Mmmm,” Eden moaned, her head back and chin lifted as her eyes fluttered along with the groove of her heart.

“You’re being a naughty girl, Ms. Rose.” His voice held a dark edge. “Don’t think I won’t carry you between one of these palms trees and fuck you till you feed the soil your come.” His gaze lowered as Eden’s pulse accelerated with frightened excitement. When she didn’t respond, he removed the aviator glasses from his face, then lifted her over his shoulder and stalked toward a palm tree straight ahead.

“Oh no!” She squealed. “I was kidding! Kidding!”

Derek halted his exhibition, then smacked her on the bottom as her body slid down his powerfully muscled chest.

“The next time, I won’t warn you.”

Her body tingled with fire, and all she could do was nod.

Derek smirked. “Come, let’s swing, shall we?” He wiggled his brows, and Eden laughed, her merriment exalting his pulse.

The Bali swing was knotted by a long rope attached to palm trees, one on each side. The seat reminded Eden of something you would see on a motorcycle, and for a second, she thought of reconsidering the adventure.

“Ride with me. I don’t want to do it alone,” Eden said.

Derek spoke with the gatekeeper, and together, they intertwined their limbs with Eden sitting on top of Derek, her legs wrapped around his waist much like the entanglement they’d found themselves in the night before.

“Maybe I should’ve worn pants,” she said, frowning at the flare of her dress as the currents fluttered over them before the ride could commence.

“You wanted easy access, just admit it,” Derek teased.

Eden laughed and kissed down the bridge of his nose. “Maybe.”

Derek chuckled, and they were pushed off, flying high over the valley of greenery, able to get a bird’s-eye view of the rice terraces.

“Oooh!” Eden squealed, her heart racing with each swing, high then low, and back again. “Oh my goodness, this is so beautiful, and…” she sighed dreamily.

“And what, Mona Lisa?”

“And there’s no place I’d rather be.”

They eyed each other, the panorama view deserted in their sight.

“That’s funny. I was thinking the same thing.”

Eden’s arms tightened around Derek’s neck, her head dropping to his as their breaths mingled.

“I want to taste you,” Derek admitted. Eden’s nipples hardened immediately. “Every single inch of your beautiful body. I’ve never had a single thing to satisfy my hunger the way you did on Christmas night. Let me feed on you again, Mona Lisa. I need…”

Eden’s heart was pounding, her pussy thumping, and her nerves dancing in a spinning ruckus.

She sank her lips into his, their hearts matching to the beat of a tempo they created together. Derek sucked in her mouth, his tongue diving to explore the inner recesses of hers.

“Mmmm…baby.”

“Tell me what you want from me, and I’ll give it to you.”

Love. Sex. A lifetime together. But she said, “I want everything you have to offer.” It was the closest she’d gotten to admitting her truth, and if the dimness of Derek’s gaze and the unsteady way his heart rate sped were an indication of his excitement, Eden was eager to explore what they could become, too.

Derek reclaimed the soft contour of her lips, moans bouncing between them as his dick grew between her legs.

“Suddenly, I’ve become excited with your easy access,” he murmured.

Eden’s eyes lurched, and with the slip of his finger, Derek slid her panties to the side and removed his cock, giving it no place else to go but inside her.

“Oooh!”

Eden’s head fell back, her quick breaths choking from the surprise of his invasion.

“Fuuuuu-ck…” He growled. “Let go of my neck and hold on to the rope of the swing.”

Eden obeyed, albeit half delirious. When she did, Derek gripped her ass, gliding her back and forth in slithering strokes on his elongated erection.

“Oooh my God, this is tooooo good—oh my!”

Eden’s toes curled.

“Our life is in your hands,” Derek whispered against her lips. Eden nodded, then held on to the rope as they swung back and forth, Derek bouncing her in his lap with a tight stronghold—his mouth eating up her chin.

“You’re so amazing,” he whispered against her flesh. “So incredibly amazing.”

His tongue traced her neck, and one hand slipped to the back where Derek sank his fingers into a pressure point behind her ear.

Eden’s body tremored, and her mouth parted as an orgasm broke free, coating his unyielding cock in a pond of her love.

“Oooh my God.” The vibration of her soul rocked so hard the quake was felt deep within Derek’s loins. Eden became weak instantly, and with no sense of direction, she released the rope, her body frozen in a twitching spasm.

Derek held her tight with one arm as the other caught the rope while maintaining their suspended balance to prevent them from plunging to a fatal death.

“I got you…I got you…” he murmured.

With eyes rolling, Eden tried to focus on him. “What did you just do to me?” She purred.

“You tell me.”

They eyed each other, then Eden’s brows arched when the realization hit that she’d released the rope. A gasp flew from her lips.

“Oh my—”

“You’re fine.”

She shook her head. “We could’ve—”

“We are fine,” he promised, his voice a beating drum.

Eden tossed her arms around his neck and laid her head on his shoulder as their swing came to an end.

“We should go back to the villa to freshen up.”

“I’ve got a better idea.”

Finding a private space to freshen up came at ease with assistance from the Tegalalang crew. Escorted to a private outdoor shower surrounded by a stonewall courtyard and garden, Eden was pulled into Derek’s front—her derriere brushing the erection that was stark hard in the crease of her ass.

Eden trembled, her body sensitive to his fingers that trod over her shoulders, a constant massage that mingled just right with the rushing cascade of water.

“I know I tell you this all the time,” Derek’s touch slipped to her arms where they dropped to her waist, “but when I say you’re beautiful, I’m talking about your soul as much as your appearance. I’ve never known anyone like you, Mona Lisa.”

She shut her eyes, her heart hammering at the peacefulness of his words. “No one’s ever made me feel…”

Eden turned to face him, needing to look Derek in his golden brown gaze. He bit his bottom lip, his eyes roaming the curves and grooves in her feminine silhouette.

“God have mercy on me,” he whispered. “Come here.” He lifted her chin, taking her mouth into his, soft, slow, and caressing.

A shield of heat covered them, then Derek pulled back. “Do me a favor.”

Eden nodded. “Anything.”

“Stay on your feet.”

He descended to her belly, in a crouch where he stirred a cool breeze over her navel with soft purposeful blows from his mouth.

Eden shivered, her nipples growing painfully hard.

“Stay on your feet,” he whispered into the mons of her sex, sending another cool waft of breath that tingled her body and buckled her knees. Derek cocked an eye up at her, taken by the glorious sight of Eden, wet, panting, and threaded with beads of water that dripped from her upturned nipples.

His dick slapped between his muscled thighs in an upsurge of hyperstimulation. Derek gripped Eden’s thighs, his tongue sliding across his mouth before plunging into her protruding clitoris. Eden’s hands fell to his shoulder in an effort to maintain her balance as a moan escaped her lips.

“Ooooh…baby.”

Derek massaged, pressed, and inhaled the folds of her vagina, while his hands did the same down her legs, inside and out. Sparks of electricity were like a power upsurge as each spot he touched seemed to weaken Eden furthermore. Derek sucked Eden in fully, his wet mouth branding her flavor on his tongue.

Stopping the trembling was futile; Eden had no more control over her body than she had on the downpour that sprayed over them—its nozzle hidden and controlled outside of her grasp.

Derek’s grip slipped to her ankles where he found another pressure point, massaging the Achilles tendon, increasing her stimulation.

“Ooh…oh God…” Her pussy clenched, and the exuberance of his needy tongue caused Eden to take a step into his mouth.

“What are you doing to me…” She purred, her head falling back, mouth agape and eyes closed.

Derek’s response was a low guttural growl, and as if he couldn’t take being teased any longer, his grip rose up her thighs where he grabbed her ass and lifted her onto his face, transitioning them to the ground. It was so quick and smooth Eden never saw it coming, but how could she with her mind blown and body in full ecstasy.

Derek sucked in the wholeness of her plum, and Eden’s hips bucked forward and backward, riding his mouth as tingles took over her being and heat rocked her core.

“Aaah! Derek baby…” she whined.

Sucking, licking, slurping…Derek’s tongue explored every hidden place between her legs, determined to get a full fill of her juice.

“I’m gonna, gonna…Derek!”

She came on an outcry, sending an avalanche of honey that made his mouth explode with candied zest.

The lapping of his tongue made her ears pop, and shooting tingles skyrocketed like a raining sky of fireworks.

Derek tasted everything she had to offer, then lifted her by the waist and slipped her pussy over the head of his dick.

She was driven onto his shaft, her screams reaching the heavens as he bounced her in rigorous strokes on top of him.

“Fuuuu-ck!” He barked, pulling to his knees and removing Eden, only to flip her over and take her from the back.

“Ooooh!” Eden squealed, her pussy stretching as he entered with a hardcore thrust.

Mating calls speared from them as Derek pumped into her, his mouth biting down on her neck with animalistic growls dragging from his gut.

“Oh!” Eden screamed, her body doused in sheer ecstasy as Derek rocked, harder and harder, trying to hide himself within her retreat. “Fuuu-ck me!” She cried, tears springing from the corners of her eyes as they both burst with an orgasm that shook their entire soul.

They drenched each other, instantly washed by the cascading water that still showered them.

Eden couldn’t catch her wind, the shortness of breath making her cry out.

“Help me,” she whispered.

Derek reached for her neck, his thumbs pressing up her chin to elevate her head and stretch her windpipe.

“Breathe…” he said, and surprisingly, she was able to take in a long gust of wind. He released her chin and repeated the motion. “Breathe…”

He coached her until she could inhale and exhale regularly on her own. Dropping his arm to her waist, Derek leaned over her shoulder and eyed her from the side.

“Better?”

Eden nodded. “Y—yes…” she stumbled.

A gorgeous smile surfaced on his mouth. “I’m going to remove myself now, so—”

Derek relieved her from the weight of his hooking cock, and another scream shrieked from Eden, and her body fell limp in his hold. She shook like a madwoman, the vibration calming after a few seconds of twitching. Derek kissed across her shoulder, then her neck, and ear, where he turned her face to him for a piping-hot smooch.

“How do you feel?”

Low murmuring spasms continued to rake her. “I’m…mmm…okay.” She didn’t sound convincing.

“Just okay?” The sexiest smile Derek had ever seen shaped her mouth.

“Perfect.”

Derek kissed her again, their breaths mingling as the same thought ran through them simultaneously. I love you.

Eden inhaled, unbelieving that this was happening. Her heart was so full that she was afraid of it.

They lingered there for a while. Long enough that the morning had turned into the evening hour. After showering in earnest, Derek and Eden left Tegalalang, headed nowhere in particular until Eden pointed out Ubud’s Monkey Forest.

“Can we stop?” she asked as they passed slowly on the scooter.

“We can do whatever you want, remember?”

Eden grinned and hugged his back as Derek pulled into a space and parked.

“Have you had a hepatitis B shot,” he asked as they strolled to the entrance where Derek added his shades back across his eyes.

Eden frowned. “Yessss, why do you ask?”

“The monkeys are carriers.”

A gasp flew from Eden’s lip, and she halted, covering her mouth with a hand.

Derek smirked and reached for her chin. “Don’t be afraid. What did I tell you before?”

I’ll take care of you.

Eden’s hand fell from her mouth, and she nodded, entering Derek’s embrace with motivation from his lulling arms. It didn’t take long for Eden to warm up to the environment—the lush forest, trees, and sacred temples, creating a unique experience that had her eyes wide and heart open.

Long-tailed monkeys of all sizes wandered around, some treading along railings while others splashed in puddles of water and raced up and down trees. When a baby approached Eden, she eased to his level, squatting as a smile rose upon her face.

“Heeeey you.” She reached out hesitantly, a banana in her hand that they’d purchased upon entry. The monkey watched the fruit with interest then jumped onto Eden’s arm, the grooves of his nails scuffing her skin lightly as it plucked the banana out of her hand.

Eden’s eyes grew big, but she didn’t feel threatened nor did the monkey as it hung out on her and ate.

“Let me introduce you to someone, monkey.” Eden stood to her feet and turned to Derek. “This here is someone close to my heart,” she said, glancing between the monkey and Derek. “We call him Derek, but I’m thinking about naming him Big D.”

Derek guffawed, his head tossed back as his arms hugged his abdomen. The monkey laughed, too, and happily continued eating.

Eden’s smile was expansive, and she bit down on her lip, then finished her introduction. “Today’s his birthday. He’s…” Eden’s brow lifted. “Sexy-five years old.”

More laughter speared from Derek, and his merriment made Eden’s smile wider and her heart lift higher. “That’s lingo for thirty-five,” she whispered.

The monkey eyed Derek, then meandered across Eden’s shoulder where he hopped onto Derek’s.

The monkey held his long arms out and pulled full lips back over his gums, the banana fully consumed.

“Would you like another one, little fella?” Derek began to peel another banana as the monkey clapped.

“Aww, I think he likes you,” Eden swooned.

Derek winked as the monkey leaned to whisper in his ear. Eden’s smile spread when suddenly, the monkey snatched the glasses off of Derek’s eyes, and with Derek distracted by the lift, also snatched the banana out of his grasp.

The animal was fast, racing across Derek’s arm where he hopped back onto Eden and settled on her shoulder—his long tail wrapping leisurely around the back of her neck.

He put the aviators on his face and continued to eat his banana as Eden coughed with laughter.

“You played me,” Derek said, facing the animal. “Well done. Monkey one, tourist zero.” He held his hand out for a shake, and the monkey swatted then turned his back and finished eating as if to say the conversation was over.

They laughed heartily, and the love in Derek ballooned as he watched the monkey find comfort against Eden as if she’d been officially claimed.

“I know how you feel,” Derek said to the animal. “She has a way of stealing your heart without even trying.”

Derek and Eden eyed each other, then hand in hand explored more of the forest with the monkey resting on her shoulder before finally deciding to leave.

“Spend the night with me.” Back at the scooter, Derek waited for Eden’s acquiescence, his thumbs caressing her fingers that lay gently in his grasp.

“I’d love to.”

“On the beach,” Derek added.

A rush of surprise ran across Eden’s face.

“Seriously?”

He lifted her hand and kissed the back of it.

“Yes.”

“Yes,” she responded.

A smile cornered his delicious mouth.

“Come, I want you to see something.”



The hut-like structure was their own little piece of heaven—decorated like an elegant picnic, with accent pillows and blankets that would keep them cozy throughout the night. As they watched the array of orange and gold stream across the sky in a sunset, Eden leaned into Derek’s chest, their breathing in uniform and the wind subtle.

“This is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” Eden insisted.

With his gaze on Eden, Derek tightened his arms around her.

“I disagree.”

Eden turned to look at him, receiving a blanketing kiss on her forehead.

They had dinner by candlelight: spiced sirloin roast, fresh vegetables, and potatoes.

“Good?”

Eden nodded, her lips closing around a fork to get a mouthful.

Derek chuckled as Eden swallowed, then responded, “I was starving.”

“Well, we did work up an appetite today.”

Eden’s pussy thumped, and the spice lingering on her lips was licked into her mouth with the swipe of her tongue.

“Yes, we did.”

“Do you have room for dessert?”

His question was innocent, but it felt dark and unruly to Eden, sending a bounty of heat spinning through her.

“Maybe,” she answered with insinuation.

Derek stared her down, placing the utensil he’d just lifted back on his plate.

“Prove it.”

They were on top of each other, rolling with hands clamped against faces as they kissed with desire-filled strokes of one another’s tongues. Warmth spread over them, and relieving their garments came at a rushing desperation to connect yet again.

Eden’s mouth opened on a gasp as Derek entered, a shooting tingle of nerves wrapping around her ears and conspiring against her clitoris in a rapturous beat.

“Aah!” She moaned; her mouth contained by the intense claiming of his lips.

“You’re so rewarding. So, undeniably nourishing,” he growled into her face.

With warm caressing lips, Derek tasted her skin, and as if their dinner hadn’t sufficed, bit into her neck as he thrust between her thighs.

“Oh—shit,” they shouted together, drowned in the ecstasy of love.

Eden had never felt so inexplicably sated in her life. Sure, she’d been a virgin before this trip, but nothing could compare to falling in love with Derek James Clark all over again. It only strengthened Eden’s want for him, bonding her heart with his. Eden’s eyes fluttered as Derek rained kisses down her nose, her mind abuzz and their bodies splintered with electricity.

There, on the white sand coast of Kuta Beach, Derek and Eden made their bed, their hearts vowing a love neither of them had the courage to speak out loud.





Chapter Thirteen





Black Penny Villas





A round of applause, cheers, and congratulations was shouted from corner to corner of the garden as the newlywed couple made their way down the aisle. Side by side, Derek and Eden took in the delight on the bride’s and groom’s faces—merriment filling their gazes as they held tight to one another’s hand.

You could feel the love in the air. It was thick enough to make one want to run out and tie the knot themselves. At least that’s what Eden thought as she tried to convince herself the flutter in her heart was because of the celebration and not the idea of her and Derek being in a ceremony such as this.

Eden cleared her throat and shook her head slightly to clear her ever-growing fantasies.

Derek, however, was more in tune with his reality. There was no doubt that he wanted Eden to spend forever with him, but even so, Derek knew it was too soon in their new relationship to consider it.

In a tuxedo that fit his immaculate physique, Derek took hold of Eden’s palm, her soft fingers threading his as their stronghold tightened. Stark energy tempted her to lift her eyes to him, but Eden resisted, even though the heat of his gaze was trained on her, and she could feel its fervor disperse over her skin, tingling with her nipples and sinking between her thighs.

This chemistry between them was uncanny, and even though she told her mind not to get in over her head, Eden knew it was too late for that. Still, she thought her heart might not be able to take a meeting with his gaze. Not when Eden required sound thought when it came to a serious conversation that hedged anywhere close to marriage.

With that, she locked the notion away and made it her mission to enjoy the remainder of their time in Bali, which wasn’t long considering their next steps would be to have the bride and groom sign the papers for the Durrington Estate. From there, they’d be boarding a plane back to Chicago where their friends, family, and responsibilities lay.

“Shall we?”

Having no choice, Eden drove her eye up his iron-clad body, catching his bobbing Adam’s apple, tempting lips, and that beautiful brown gaze.

She smiled. “We shall.”

Derek couldn’t keep himself from following the body-hugging, knee-length red gown in circulation over her racy curves. With every taste he’d gotten of her, Derek could go for more, then more after that. He’d been hungry for Eden in the past, but this uncontrollable appetite was an utterly intensified monster that craved her for prey at every turn.

Keeping his hands off Eden this morning had been hard enough, especially with being awakened by the rising sun while remaining sheltered in a cocoon of their heated bodies.

It was surreal and unimaginable. There had never been a time that Derek wanted to live in a moment forever, but with Eden, he’d found that and more. Now his mission was simple. To win the heart, trust, and love of the woman who’d won his, unequivocally.

Hand in hand, Derek and Eden left the wedding and headed to the reception where they presented the newlyweds with their gift after Reginald Anderson’s grand surprise of the Durrington Estate.

The building rocked with more cheers, and the newlyweds wept together, the groom holding firm to his bride.

Eden’s heart ran amuck, and suddenly, the excitement of it all became more than she could handle.

“Congratulations,” Eden and Derek said after getting the newlyweds’ signatures.

“Thank you both for all that you do and thank you for coming all this way to present our gift,” the bride said.

“Our pleasure,” they responded, then glanced at each other, their eyes holding for longer than a second before returning to the pair.

“Has anyone ever told you two that together you make a dashing couple?” The bride asked.

Eden opened her mouth to respond, but nothing came out. She tossed a glance at Derek, and he stepped into her space and slipped an arm around her waist.

“All the time,” he answered.

The newlyweds nodded. “You two should stay,” the bride continued. “We’ve got so much more celebrating to do.”

Eden interrupted Derek before he could respond. “I’d love to, but it’s been a long day, and our flight leaves tonight, so I’m going to get a little rest beforehand.”

“Oh, we understand. The flight back to the States is a dreaded one.”

They all laughed and said their goodbyes.

“Ms. Rose!”

Eden and Derek paused their exit, turning around to face a scurrying Reginald Anderson in a black suit and tie as he caught up to them.

“Uh oh,” Eden said, “don’t tell me I forgot something.”

“Quite the opposite. I wanted to speak with you for just a quick minute in private if I could.”

“Oh.”

Eden glanced up at Derek then back to Reginald. “Sure.” She turned to Derek again. “You don’t mind if I catch up with you, do you, Derek?”

“I’ll be here when you’re ready.” Derek winked down at her, and Eden blushed.

“Okay. In that case, I’m following you, Mr. Anderson.”

The two moved into the hall, away from the music and celebration of the guests.

“I know this is last minute and probably not the best time,” Reginald said, “but here goes. I’m having a grand opening for an interior design firm here in Bali. It’s also a gift to my daughter since she’s always desired to decorate firsthand, internationally. She’s fallen in love with your eye for detail, and though I know the pictures you’ve given us are not as gorgeous as what we’ll see in person, she is ecstatic. I wanted to offer you the chance to headline the Bali location. My daughter would be the face of the company, but she would also be your apprentice, and your name would be prominently displayed as COO.”

“Mr. Anderson, that’s an amazing thing to do for your daughter, but—”

“Before you say no, hear me out.”

Eden closed her lips and nodded.

“I know this is a lot to ask. In actuality, I’d like you to oversee the first few years of its success head-on personally. Here, in Bali. My daughter would be traveling back and forth between the States; however, for you, it would mean relocating for some time but not forever.”

Eden’s brow rose, and she opened her mouth to speak.

“Also,” Reginald added before she could say anything, “there’s an eight-figure sign-on bonus with your name on it per year, should you decide to join us.”

Eden wasn’t unaccustomed to wealthy businessmen throwing money her way for assistance, but none of them had offered this type of stipend. Still, Eden wavered. That would be picking up her life and relocating to this…this…beautiful island.

“Give yourself some time to think about it before you answer, and in the meantime, if you have any questions or if you’d like to add any clauses to an agreement, I’m sure we can work something out,” he pressed. “You have my number, and I’ll await your decision.”

Eden pulled in a deep breath and nodded. “Will do,” she agreed, even though his request to relocate was easy to turn down. For just a split second, Eden imagined headlining the firm, further building her résumé, then with a shake of her head, tossed the idea aside, unwilling to be so far away from the burgeoning love that grew between her and Derek.





Back in front of their villas, Derek and Eden strolled side by side, his arm coasting around her shoulders.

“Do you plan to rest over there, or are you joining me in our honeycomb hideout?” He asked as they stopped in front of Eden’s door.

Eden pushed him playfully, a sparkling laugh on her lips. “If I come over there, I’m not getting any sleep, and you know this.”

Derek’s deep chuckle roused her nerves. “Touché.” He watched her for a second, noticing the faraway look in her eyes. “We’re okay, right?”

The sweetest sensation bubbled in Eden’s belly. “Yeah, we’re great.”

Derek wasn’t so sure. There was something on her mind, but she wasn’t offering it up. He turned her in his arms to face him, wondering about the conversation between her and Mr. Anderson.

“I don’t need to go back downstairs and kick Reginald’s ass, do I?”

This made Eden keel over with laughter. “Are you kidding me?”

“I think you know that I’m not.”

Eden’s laugh pushed her high cheekbones into her eyes, causing them to squint as tears sprang out of the corners.

“Don’t you go all ape shit on me now.”

“Only if a statement needs to be made, love.” He tightened his arms around her, the claim of his dark gaze intended to repeat his question.

“No. I’m fine. Reginald’s fine.” Eden snickered. “We’re all fine.”

Derek nodded. “Just making sure.” He kissed her on the forehead. “Get some rest, and I’ll come for you when it’s time to go.”

“Okay.”

She pulled from him, albeit slow, then inserted her key and entered the private space she hadn’t spent a single night in.

Eden sighed as the door clicked softly behind her. “Okay, girl, time to pull it together.”





“Ooh…oh God…” Her pussy clenched, and the exuberance of his needy tongue caused Eden to take a step into his mouth.

“What are you doing to me…” She purred, her head falling back, mouth agape and eyes closed.

Snap, snap, snap. “Eden!”

Blinking rapidly, Eden’s vision pulled in the scene around her. A server wearing a green shirt, apron, and black pants crossed to the table in front of them, carrying a tray in much the same manner that Derek had done in Bali. Carla Jones was sitting in front of Eden, with brows drawn in, her forehead creased, and her hand suspended after snapping Eden out of her reverie.

“What happened?” Eden asked, slightly confused.

Carla leaned back against her chair, her legs crossed as they sat at an outdoor barista. “You tell me. One minute we were talking about the Rooftop Connection Initiative, but when the conversation turned to Phoebe and Jasmine’s wedding, you left me here. Alone.” Carla’s voice dropped, and she mumbled, “Like everybody else.”

“What was that?” Eden said, still blinking out of her haze. She’d only been back in Chicago for twenty-four hours, but everything she turned her eyes to reminded Eden of her spell with Derek in Bali.

“Nothing,” Carla mumbled again.

Eden shook her head. “Sounds like there is something. What’s going on?”

Carla sighed. “I don’t want to talk about it. I want to talk about you.”

A server carrying their lunch approached them. He was also wearing a green shirt and apron with the restaurant’s logo attached to the side.

“Ladies, your sushi, lobster rolls, and steamed edamame.”

“What’s with the green aprons?” Eden blurted.

The server glanced down at his attire then back to Eden. “It’s a part of my uniform, ma’am.”

Eden sighed. “I knew that. Thank you,” She leaned in to catch his name tag. “Joe,” she finished.

“No problem. Will there be anything else?”

“Not for me.”

The server glanced at Carla. “I’m good, too.”

“Okay then, enjoy your lunch. I’ll be back to check on you in a minute.”

The ladies nodded then said a prayer and focused on their food, neither of them speaking for a few minutes before Carla finally put her fork down.

“Okay, what’s going on with you? I can’t tell if going on the trip was a good or bad thing for you.”

Eden’s brows arched. “Really, that’s new,” she teased. Carla twisted her lips, then sipped from the straw of her sweet tea. Eden eyed her bouncing leg, red open-toe shoes, and destroyed denim jeans. “Cute shoes.”

Carla sat her glass down. “So, we’ve resorted to compliments. I take back what I said before, he put it on you, didn’t he?”

Carla lifted her fork and popped a sushi roll in her mouth, her lips spreading into a smile as she chewed.

Eden’s mouth dropped. “How do you—”

Carla swallowed. “You’re avoiding the conversation, that’s how.”

“I’m not avoiding, I’m simply prolonging to get my thoughts together.”

“What is there to compile? Did he or didn’t he get yo’ boo-tay?” Carla joked, that silly grin returning to her mouth.

Eden could hardly suppress the rise of her lips, and the more she tried, the faster Carla’s slow nod picked up speed as if to say, unhuh.

Eden rolled her eyes. “You get on my nerves.”

Carla squealed.

“Sssshush, girl!” Eden reached across the table, slipping a still finger up Carla’s lip, silencing her immediately.

“Did he lick you, too?” Carla mumbled against Eden’s finger. “Something like this.” Carla stuck her tongue out, teasing Eden’s finger with a soft flick of her tongue.

“Ewwwwww!” Eden snapped her hand back as Carla roared with laughter.

They drew a few eyes from neighboring customers, and Eden couldn’t hide her blush as she wiped off her hand.

Carla continued to laugh. “Don’t worry. I haven’t been deep throating or anything else for that matter in a gazillion years. You’ll be all right.” She dropped her voice and mumbled, “When that time comes, it’ll be your brother’s dick if I have it my way.”

“Super ewwwwwwww, Carla, that does not make me feel better!”

Carla spun with laughter, unable to control herself. She needed the distraction anyway, especially with the issues she was having with her family.

“Can we get back on topic about The Rooftop Connection Initiative?”

“Oh whoa, so you’re just going to leave me out like that?” Carla folded her arms, her short bob a bouncing swing as she pouted.

“I wanted to wait until Phoebe and Jasmine were with us, so I didn’t have to repeat myself.”

“Who knows when that will be, come on.”

Eden pressed her lips, her mind drifting.

“Ooh…oh God…” Her pussy clenched, and the exuberance of his needy tongue caused Eden to take a step into his mouth.

“What are you doing to me…” She purred, her head falling back, mouth agape and eyes closed.

Eden sucked in a breath. “Let me just say, it was the naughtiest experience of my life. Derek was…” Eden shook her head, searching for the word to describe the all-consuming desire that filled her when they were together. “Amazing, our sex, mind-blowing, I still shudder when I think of him.”

“Whewww shit!” Carla shouted. “It’s only been a day. How many times have you thought of him since you’ve been back?”

A grin lifted her mouth. “I can think of nothing else. He…devours me…” she backtracked, “the thrust of his tongue, the stroke of his dick.” Eden’s leg vibrated as her left foot suddenly between to quake. “Shit,” she said, her hands shooting to her lap to calm her nerves.

“Oh my gawd.” Carla leaned to the side, her eye rising as the table rumbled from the commotion underneath it. “Oh!” Carla grabbed the edges of the tabletop, her eyes popping back over to Eden with surprise.

“We’re good,” Eden reassured, embarrassment fused in a blush that filled her cheeks.

“Oooh, it’s like that?” Carla shook her head. “Damn.” Carla grabbed her breasts to calm her own self down. “Where do you all go from here?”

A small smile hinted at the corner of Eden’s lips. “We’re giving dating a try.”

Carla’s wide smile showcased all thirty-two of her teeth. “Okay, all right, well, I am here for this, right? We are here for this?”

“Yes,” Eden assured.

Carla nodded. “Okay. Tell Derek I got a switchblade with his name on it if he doesn’t come correct.”

Eden rolled her eyes and waved Carla off. “Let’s stay positive, please.”

“You’re right.”

“The Rooftop Connection Initiative,” Eden said, getting back on track.

“And Phoebe and Jasmine’s wedding,” Carla added.

“Yes.”

“How are you going to do both?”

“I’ve got Jada helping me, and you know she’s the best assistant a girl could ever ask for. We’ve got the venue set for the wedding, the florist, caterers, and invitations have all gone out.”

“And you managed to get this done when?”

“Before I left for Bali. I call myself killing two birds with one stone. All I have to do now is go in and decorate while Phoebe and Jasmine lose their minds about custom dresses. In the meantime, we start working on a house that had been foreclosed on in North Chicago. The Rooftop Connection Initiative has purchased the home, and we are set to go in and turn it around in two weeks’ time.”

“Do you have enough volunteers?”

“I think so. Derek will be there.” Heat slipped down Eden’s spine from the mere act of speaking his name. She paused to contain herself then moved on. “Jacob will be there.” Eden’s brow rose when Carla’s hands rounded back to grasp her breasts with a quick squeeze.

“Can you stop grabbing your titties in public, please?”

Carla pumped her chest and squeezed, making Eden roll her eyes.

“Derek’s brothers, Tristan, Langston, and Malik will be there.”

Carla paused her antics and dropped her hands. “Oh lawd, will there be security around because heffas from all over the world will be trying to volunteer just to get close to this lineup of men!”

Eden laughed throatily. “I know, but what can we do about it? It’s for charity, all volunteers are welcomed.”

“Girl, please.”

Eden chuckled. “Don’t sound so down. One thing I know is my brother has eyes for you.” Eden wiggled her brows, and Carla’s face transformed as an immaculate smile, brightened her eyes.

She played it off. “I know that.” Her eyes batted as she turned her head with a purse of her lips.

“I don’t know what you see in him anyway,” Eden murmured.

“Girl, no you didn’t!”

“I’m just kidding.” Eden laughed. It felt good being on the opposite end of the scrutiny. “I know, I know, he looks like Lance Gross, yadda ya.”

“Girl, Lance Gross looks like Jacob Alexander Rose, okay?” Carla snapped her fingers. “And don’t you ever forget it.”

Eden laughed. “Can I count on you to volunteer for our project, crazy girl?”

“I’ll be there with my catsuit on ready to become Jacob’s private painter.”

“Oh dear God,” Eden wailed as Carla managed a seat twerk, with tongue hanging out and hands covering her breasts again.





Chapter Fourteen





The Rooftop Connection Initiative





Day One





Volunteers poured in from the city of Chicago. Set up outside the property they would soon fill with expressional color and furniture. Eden, Derek, and Jacob combed over the applications and, after picking their crew, pulled everyone together for a short speech.

“Thank you all for your interest in volunteering with our annual Rooftop Connection Initiative drive,” Derek announced. “We are grateful and blessed to be in a position to give back to a family in need, and my partners and I could not be more pleased with your efforts to help us make this a reality. Give yourselves a round of applause.”

The crowd of volunteers clapped, some pulling others in for hugs as they showed appreciation to each other.

Derek stepped back in line aside Eden, and Jacob stepped forward—his supreme aura commanding attention before speaking. All eyes shifted to him as he lifted a strong arm and spoke.

“At this time, for those who were chosen, please make a line here at the table stationed against the wall and receive your T-shirt,” his deep voice beat. “If you’re not sure if you made the list, then I regret to inform you that our spaces are filled at this time.”

“Aww…” A few people whined in the background, and the crowd began to disperse.

“Excuse me, sir,” a soft feminine voice purred. Jacob glanced to his side, his gaze darkening as heat scurried around his skin. Brown feline eyes scoped the outline of his delicious mouth just as a hand landed on his arm. A smile tugged at Jacob’s lips.

“How can I help you, Ms. Carla Jones.”

“I’m not sure if I made the list.” She pouted, her lashes fluttering and mouth parting slightly as her eyes lifted to his gaze then dropped to his goatee, before scurrying up his strong structured profile—manly nose and over his dark fade. “Could you recheck your list to make sure you didn’t leave one out?” Her voice was eliciting a tingling cacophony of chills over his skin.

“Ms. Carla Jones, I’m pretty sure you made the list.” His gaze dropped to her lips as her mouth turned upward, a smile exalting her eyes.

“Oh, how nice.” Carla squeezed his arm suddenly, and Jacob flexed a muscle, making her gasp with a jingling laugh. “What time should I arrive tomorrow?”

“If you don’t mind, I can pick you up. I’d be more than happy to give you a ride.”

Carla rattled off her address before Jacob could take his next breath. He chuckled and repeated her, in a low whisper that grooved across her skin. Carla’s pussy clenched, and her nipples tightened, almost making her moan.

“I’m coming—I mean I’ll come out,” Carla paused and inhaled a slow breath as Jacob’s nostrils flared, his gaze staring her down. “You have my number. When you arrive, I’ll come outside,” she said, reorganizing her words.

“Seven a.m.,” his deep voice grooved.

Carla winked, and Jacob returned her gesture, watching her walk away with a sprout of chills encasing his dark chocolate skin.

Eden stepped to her brother’s side. “Don’t let my friend seduce you,” she teased.

Jacob’s eye continued to follow Carla’s sexy saunter. “It’s not me you should worry about, sis. It’s your friend,” he said, resigned in his promise.





At seven thirty a.m. sharp, the volunteers arrived with energy, starting the day eager as they separated into teams and took on a different room in the house.

Dressed down in a tank top with Rooftop Connection displayed across the front, stonewashed jeans that fit her shapely thighs, and Nike CrossFit shoes, Eden pulled her hair into a ponytail on top of her head. She covered her hands with gloves and bent forward, lifting an eighteen-inch extension painter’s pole, dipping the brush in pink paint, then stretching her body along with her arms rolling the color onto the walls.

With his own painter’s brush in hand, Derek’s gaze rode the rounds of Eden’s physique, distracted by the bend in her legs as she squatted then stood, bending and stretching, immaculately applying the color with perfection.

They were inside a bedroom that belonged to a little girl according to the DFCS worker who’d chosen the family that would occupy the space. Hearing that made Eden’s eyes light up, her heart, warming at the thought of the delight the area would bring to the child. She’d squealed and grabbed first dibs on doing everything from painting to designing the space, and her exuberance made Derek imagine what it would be like to have a replica of Eden in small form, with big expressive eyes and a beautiful face-lifting smile.

Without asking, he’d followed her cheerful trail to the room, carrying the buckets, brushes, and ladder for those hard-to-reach places.

“I can’t wait to see the look on this child’s face.” Eden stretched, trying to access a corner of the wall that wouldn’t be touched by the brush. “It’s going to be amazing,” she chimed, still extending to no avail.

“Let me help you with that,” Derek said, covering her from behind while he stretched overhead.

The scent of his body’s fragrance ran a marathon over Eden, and she instantly became aroused by the brush of his hard body as rippling muscles glided up and down her backside while he stroked the corner’s edge.

“I think that about cuts it,” his deep voice strummed so close to Eden’s ear it felt as if he’d spoken directly into her drum.

A shiver ran the course of her body, and she turned around to face him.

“Thank you.” She kissed the fringe of his jaw, and Derek turned his face down, dropping a smooch on her lips that opened her mouth and allowed him to steal her tongue.

“Mmmm,” Eden moaned, her pussy now activated and yearning to be touched. “This is why I have to stay away from you the remainder of this project,” she murmured against his mouth. “I’ll never get any work done with you around.”

“You’re right.”

Eden smiled into his mouth as their lips continued to mesh, their gazes locked on one another.

“And I don’t want to christen this young girl’s room, so,” Derek took a step back, “I’m going to go find work elsewhere.”

Eden missed his closeness already.

“I’ll send a few volunteers in here to help you.” His gaze drove over her, and Derek tasted his lips once more to get another savor of Eden’s flavor.

“Okay.”

He turned his lips up, blowing a kiss, and Eden pretended to catch it where she licked her fingers and moaned. “So good.”

Derek’s nostrils flared, and then he stepped back to her.

“Okay, okay,” she joked and giggled.

“This is an unfair game you’re playing, Mona Lisa.”

“I know, but I’ll be on my best behavior.” She whispered, “For now.”

Derek arched a refined brow and removed himself from her space, taking a step back. He paused, reconsidering.

“Go,” she urged, “now before I change my mind.”

He winked and exited the room, leaving Eden to twirl around on an exhale.

“All right, girl.” She shimmied her shoulders. “Let’s do this.”



The day was a long one, and the volunteers worked straight through lunch even though pizza sat waiting for their consumption. No one took a break until the house was painted and all of the appliances had been moved into the kitchen area. But when it was time to go, the volunteers were so exhausted that no one dared leave the premises. Instead, they found a seat on the curb, where they lounged, finally ate, and half-baked in the rays of the sun.

The cul-de-sac was perfect for kids to play safely, and as a prime example, four children not much older than seven, wearing swimming trunks and bathing suits, looped around a metal fire hydrant that was half seeping with spurts of water. One little brown-skin boy in particular couldn’t keep his eyes off of the pizza being handed out to the volunteers and, once he’d gotten up enough courage, crossed the street, stopping in front of Eden.

Slouched against Derek’s shoulder, Eden sat upright, a smile curving her lips.

“Hi, would you like some pizza,” she asked, already knowing what had lured him from his fun with the other kids.

The little boy nodded but didn’t speak.

“Where’s your mother?”

He pointed across the street but didn’t look back as if to say, somewhere over there.

Eden laughed softly as Derek chuckled.

“Take as much as you would like,” Eden said, opening the box that sat on a table a few inches from her.

The boy grabbed three slices then sprinted back across the street as Eden and other crew members who’d witnessed it laughed. Before he disappeared inside the house, the kid stuffed two slices in his mouth and raised a hand in goodbye, which just made them laugh all the more.

“Do you think he’ll notice if we say goodbye back?” Eden asked Derek.

“Not a chance.” Derek rose to his feet. “Mr. C,” Derek called to one of the volunteers who was a neighbor in the cul-de-sac.

The older gentleman turned his attention to Derek, a slice of pizza being sucked into his mouth.

Derek chuckled, and Mr. C swallowed. “How can I help you?”

“I’m glad that you asked. You wouldn’t happen to have a hydrant wrench at home, would you?”

Mr. C glanced from Derek to the kids across the street then smiled. He snapped his fingers. “Give me a second.”

Mr. C disappeared, and when he returned, he slapped the tool in Derek’s burly palm.

“Thank you, sir.”

“My pleasure,” he mumbled, stuffing a new slice of pizza in his mouth.

Derek strolled across the street, his strut confident and swaggalicious in a pair of Levi’s that rode his cut waistline. A thin Rooftop Connection T-shirt lay against the iron-clad strength in his muscular melanin build. Eden watched as he moved into the kids’ circle, his muscles flexing as he positioned the wrench over the hydrant and, with a firm twist, opened it fully—water shooting from all ends.

The kids danced and celebrated in the spray of the water, and getting himself drenched, Derek took a step back then removed the T-shirt, revealing the splendor in his perfectly sculpted torso.

“Jesus,” Eden whispered, just as a few whistles and catcalls shouted from the volunteers back across the street.

Eden chuckled. “I know that’s right,” she murmured, understanding she wasn’t the only one delighted in the show that was Derek James Clark.

“Thank you, mister,” one of the kids shouted.

Derek waved a hand and went to cross the street when one of the boys ran into his waist and held on for an embrace. Derek dropped immediately to his height.

“Thank you,” he said, squeezing Derek’s neck before turning around and sprinting back to the water.

All at once, the other kids ran to him, two boys and one little girl who tackled him together, making him plop back on his butt.

Eden laughed as did Derek, who was able to embrace them all with the long stretch of his arms.

“Thank you!”

“Yeah, thank you! We’ve been trying to play in the water all day.”

“Don’t mention it; have a good time.” They all scurried back to the hydrant at once, and for a long moment, Derek sat there and watched them play, a smile on his face as he entertained thoughts of fatherhood.

He pulled his focus back across the street, where Eden still sat on the curb, watching him with adoration palpably written across her features. He knew it was her; his wife, the mother of his children, the wind beneath his wings that would one day bear his seed.

He rose to his feet, then strolled back to Eden and offered her a hand.

“We’ve got a long day ahead tomorrow,” he said. “We should get going.”

Eden nodded and accepted his help, falling into the heated cover of his chest.

“I need to soak,” she said.

“Sounds like you need—”

“One of your secret sore muscle bath mixes,” she finished.

Derek nodded and laughed.

“It works though, right?” He slipped his arm over her shoulder as her limb glided around his waist.

“It does, I must admit. You’ll have no complaints over here.”

“My place or yours?” Derek questioned.

“Yours.”





Chapter Fifteen





The next morning Eden was resigned to lie in the comfort of Derek’s king-sized sleigh bed all day, wrapped in not only his arms but the relaxation of his one thousand eight hundred count threaded Egyptian sheets.

When Derek moved, Eden tangled her limbs around him, holstering herself on top of his lap. Eden’s warm body was covered by one of Derek’s T-shirts, her bare center dragging against his morning dick.

“Woman…”

It was the only warning he needed to offer, but Eden’s desire pushed her forward, her hips hijacking where she hovered over the head of his cock and slowly slid her pussy onto his shaft.

He gripped her at the thighs, gut tightening as a curse fell from his lips. She rode him slow at first, then anxiously added a rhythm to her hips that jacked him off and made him cum with shooting stars blinding him momentarily.

Derek rolled her over, stretching between Eden’s thighs as his mouth took hold of her lips—their tongues a battle as a cadence of praises was birthed into the atmosphere from their pleasure. Their climax rocked their nerves, and their bodies hummed a stimulating melody that tingled their core.

Derek kissed Eden’s shoulder blade, leading a trail to her neck, along her chin then taking her mouth in a piping-hot kiss.

They shivered and devoured each other, melted in the heat of their sex.

“We should get moving,” Eden said, unconvinced by her own declaration.

“You’re right,” his deep voice strummed, equally unpersuasive. Skin to skin, they held on to each other, quiet and retreating in the solitude of their peace.

When Derek inhaled, it was like breathing Eden in. The scent of her flesh, the vibrant source of her spirit, it wrapped around his skin and made love to his soul in a way that made certain he never wanted to let go.

“We’re going to be late,” Derek teased, knowing Eden was a stickler for being on schedule.

“Probably,” she sighed, languidly.

Derek pulled his gaze to hers, his brow slightly arched. “You don’t have a problem with that?”

She leaned forward and kissed his mouth. “You’ll get us there. No biggie.”

Derek continued to stare unbelievably.

“What?” She chuckled.

“You tell me. What’s gotten into you, woman?”

She shrugged slightly. “Maybe it’s you.” Eden lifted her head and brushed the tip of her nose against his. Derek took her mouth in a sweeping suck of her tongue.

Fire spread through their sheets and, just like that, they were at it again—Derek on top with her legs outstretched, filling Eden so completely a wounded wail shrieked from her lips. It went on for another hour before Derek swept Eden in his arms and carried her through the geometrically shaped contemporary home into a master bathroom that was renovated to fit her tastes, unbeknownst to Eden.

Her eyes glazed over the space, bucking a moment as she recognized the difference in its interior.

“Wait, have you had the place remodeled?” she asked, her eyes hopping to the spring colors, vanity set, and Italian marble floors.

“I have.”

“When? We haven’t been back for a week!”

“As soon as we returned. I felt the place needed a pick-me-up.”

Eden eyed the Dove body wash, bath essentials, and freshly hung loofahs. A brow rose up her face. “A pick-me-up, huh?”

Derek rubbed his jaw. “It was redesigned with you in mind, and money talks and makes people walk. Besides, when you want someone you love to be happy, you’ll move heaven and earth to do so.” He paused. “If you like it, it’s yours.”

Eden’s mouth hung open. “How do you give me a bathroom in your house?”

Derek sat her on her feet and rotated Eden toward the mirror where a red gift box sat on the sink next to the nozzle.

“Is that for me?”

“It is.”

Eden’s soft gasp tickled Derek’s flesh, and he admired the jubilation in her eyes as she walked in a quiet path to the gift. With eyes wide, Eden lifted the box, her eyes flipping back to Derek through the mirror before them.

“Go ahead. Open it.”

A tingle of splintering satisfaction ran through Eden, and she lifted the top, her forehead creasing and her thinking cap officially on.

“A key,” she said, twirling around to face him, “to…”

Derek moved into her space. “The front door.”

Eden’s heart rocked. “Of this house?”

“No, to the shed out back where I keep my collectibles.” He pinched her nose. “Of course to this house. I was hoping maybe this could be our… home.” His heart kept up a racket, and a surge of nerves formed a knot in his gut. Derek was nervous, hoping Eden wouldn’t take his request with indignation like she’d done in Bali about marriage.

Eden sucked in a breath, her pulse thumping and body now covered in heat. The hint of a smile tugged at her lips, and covering the box with her hands, Eden pulled it to her chest and dropped her head as she stepped into the cover of his torso.

“I have the perfect space for a meditation room,” he whispered into her ear, wrapping Eden in the strength of his embrace as she rested against him.

“Derek, I don’t know what to say.”

“Say you’ll stay.”

Eden lifted her eye to his, placing a kiss along his jaw.

“We can move your things in whenever you’re ready, whether that be tomorrow or two years from now. The option is yours.”

Eden’s eyes sparkled. “Okay.”

He held on to her committal. “Okay?”

“Yeah.”

His arms tightened, and he lifted Eden then spun her around as they were covered in the echo of her laughter.

They hurried to shower, dress, and head to the Rooftop Connection project, joining the crew. The next two weeks were a hustle of activity as the group worked efficiently and tirelessly, creating a space that would fill the family set to occupy the home, with hope.

“Hey, darling, I thought I heard your voice giving out commands.”

Derek turned to find light brown eyes carried by his mother Cynthia Denise Clark smiling back at him. She was wearing a gray Rooftop Connection T-shirt, blue jeans, and open-toe sandals on short pedicured feet. Cynthia’s frosty colored strands of hair hung to her shoulders, and a chocolate chip aroma drifted from the tray in her hands.

“Hey, Mother.” Derek closed the distance and leaned in to kiss Cynthia on the cheek. “What a beautiful surprise. I didn’t know you were volunteering.”

“I’m not.” She paused. “Well, not in the way of helping with this house. I’m here to feed you guys. I know you don’t expect pizza to keep your energy up.”

Derek twisted his lips. “If you about to whip up some soul food, then absolutely nothing will get done, and pizza is in our best interests.”

Cynthia laughed. “I swear you act just like your father,” she said, her smile betraying the ill will she felt for Fredrick Clark.

Knowing her disdain for him, Derek’s gaze squinted.

“Not in the sense that I hope he’s run over by a Mack truck, but he was always a jokester, It only happened when he was serious about something.” Her tinkering laugh eased Derek’s concern, and his gaze caught the silhouette that entered the room and eased up on his mother.

“I thought that was you,” Eden oozed.

Cynthia gasped and twirled. “My darling!” Cynthia shoved the tray into Derek’s hands and tossed her arms around Eden for a tightknit hug.

“It’s so good to see you, it’s been way too long.”

“I know, and I’m sorry. I have no excuses.”

Cynthia drew back. “You’re just as gorgeous as you were when I last saw you. I know now’s not the best occasion but find some time on your schedule to come over for dinner. I’ll have your favorite dessert, vanilla crème brûlée.”

Eden’s eyes lit up. “You don’t have to persuade me. I’d love to come over.”

“Oh so, no vanilla crème brûlée then?”

“I didn’t say all of that.”

The women laughed as did Derek.

“How did you get here, by the way?” Eden asked. “Are you driving now?”

After thirty years of taking public transportation, Cynthia found no motivation to drive, and even once Derek became financially stable enough to buy her a car, still Cynthia rejected the idea of being behind the wheel.

“Oh, I rode with my boys,” she said. And as if speaking them up, Malik Anthony Clark, Tristan Neil Clark, and Langston Jamal Clark, supremely designed in different shades of rich chocolate skin, entered the master suite. Golden and hazel-brown eyes glided to Eden, and she took in their faded haircuts, with Langston sporting a freshly trimmed bald head.

“So this is where all of the beautiful women are hiding,” Malik said, a grin cornering his lips.

Cynthia and Eden set off a tinkering laugh.

“And for good reason,” Derek’s thick voice drummed.

Langston and Tristan snickered.

“As long as we’ve been siblings, you’ve always been the stingy one,” Malik teased Derek.

Derek took his gaze to Eden. “Only when I felt it involved sacred treasure.”

The room fell momentarily silent, and damn it if Eden couldn’t calm her pussy down. Her heart palpitated, and she attempted to change the direction of her thoughts by turning to the dark gray queen-sized upholstered bed for another examination. She’d handpicked the piece knowing the recipient would love its style and comfort of the pillowtop mattress.

“Speaking of sacred treasures,” Eden said. “I found this beauty, and it fit perfect for the décor I’m thinking of.” She spun around to face them all. “What do you think?”

“I think it’s gorgeous,” Cynthia said. The men agreed with nods and murmurs in appreciation of the piece.

“The last of the furniture has arrived!” Someone yelled from the hallway, making everyone exit the room one behind the other.

“Okay, we need volunteers up front!” Derek urged, and more volunteers entered the hallway, crowding around the front door.

They worked as a team, lifting furniture down a line while others dispersed, carrying each piece to its assigned room.

Eden stepped out of line. “I need you, Marina and Lisa. Would you follow me?”

The two ladies broke the line and ran to Eden’s side. Eden glanced at her watch. “We’ve got five hours to get the remaining rooms staged like the designs in my sketchbook. Other helpers are hanging the drapery, putting our pieces in those rooms.” Eden reentered the master suite. “The only thing we have to do is set the furniture.” She turned to them. “Teamwork makes the dream work, right?”

“Right!”

She held her hands up, and the two young women high fived, happy to be working alongside Eden Alexandria Rose.

“Let’s do it.”



They were adding the final touches on the living area when there was a knock on the front door.

“It’s Kennedy,” someone shouted back.

They all cleared the hallway as the door opened, and Kennedy Edwards, the DFCS worker responsible for placing the family, entered with bright eyes and a smile on her face.

She twirled in her butterscotch blouse and brown pencil skirt as her gaze darted around the room—her mouth parting on a gasp.

“Wow.” She flipped a jet black strand of hair behind her ear then readjusted the glasses on her nose. “I love what you’ve done with the place is the understatement of the year,” she said, amazed at the décor.

Again, Eden brought personality to each room with her play of colors and the brand of mixing shapes out of furniture that brought the place alive with a vividness that made you want to stay. It was her unique handprint, and she worked it well. However, she always took her praises with humble pie.

They all smiled, and Derek approached with a hand held out which Kennedy accepted. Eden reached for her hand next. “We owe it all to every one of these volunteers,” she said.

Kennedy’s smile was uplifted as she took in the diverse crowd of Blacks, Whites, Mexicans, Asians all finding commonality for a cause that was honorable to believe in—helping your fellow man.

“This is a beautiful thing you got going here. Congratulations. Our recipient is outside blindfolded, and if you’re ready for the reveal, we can get into position.”

“All right, guys, are we ready?” Derek yelled.

“Yeah!”

They clapped and whistled, ready for the moment they’d all been waiting for - the excitement on the family’s faces; the hope restored in their eyes. It was worth every second of sweat that went into making this project a reality. They moved into position, and Kennedy eased back to the door. She glanced at the group, and they all nodded, edging her on. Kennedy opened the door wide, and a woman entered the room led by another volunteer.

“Surprise!” they all shouted.





Chapter Sixteen





Applause rang out as the recipient removed her blindfold, spinning on her heels with wide eyes.

“Oh my God, this is so…” Her gaze met Derek’s, and instant recognition hit them square in their gut.

Derek’s jaw locked to see the first woman he’d ever let into his heart. The same one who’d torn it apart, Tamera Shelton. His gaze dropped to her hand, witnessing the clutch of a smaller set of fingers standing idly beside Tamera—a young girl, Tamera’s spitting image.

The rigorous speed of their hearts increased for different reasons. For Tamera, seeing Derek for the first time since they broke up in college was surreal. Well, she’d seen him in the news, watched from afar as he took Chicago by storm, but being in his presence again was something she hadn’t anticipated—even knowing the Rooftop Connection Initiative was his brainchild, still, Tamera didn’t think he would be a hands-on contributor.

Derek, however, was momentarily stunned into silence, not only at the fact that Tamera was homeless, but the child appeared old enough to…

“Hey.”

At the sound of Tamera’s voice, Derek’s gaze snapped back to her.

“Tamera?” He cleared his throat.

Tamera offered a soft smile. “Yeah. Wow, I didn’t expect to see you here, Derek.” She flipped her eyes around the room. “This place is amazing.”

Derek was distracted by the curious stare of the young girl. “How old is she?” He asked.

Tamera hesitated. “Eleven.”

Derek’s wheels turned as the fine hairs on his neck stood up.

“Hello,” the young girl greeted, looking up at Derek. She was rather short for her age, mimicking more of a six-year-old instead.

“Hey there.” Derek took a few steps forward then squatted to level with the young girl’s eye. “I’m Derek.” He held his hand out for a shake. “What’s your name?”

She rejected his hand and tossed her arms around Derek’s neck.

“I’m Makayla. My mom says you’re going to give us a house. Is that true?”

Derek was struck momentarily silent by Makayla’s affection, but without second hesitation, his arms covered her back in a comforting embrace.

“Yes, it’s true.”

Makayla gasped. “Is this the house?”

“Yes, it is.”

Makayla drew back, staring at Derek head-on, her face holding an array of hope. “So, we don’t have to sleep in the car anymore?”

Derek stared at the elation in her eyes, his gaze softening right along with his heart.

“No, you don’t.”

Makayla retightened her arms around his neck.

“Thank you so much, Mr. Derek. God’s gonna bless you big time.”

Derek’s lips spread into a smile, his heart thumping as he was filled with emotion.

“Come on, Makayla, let’s go see your room.” Tamera tugged at Makayla’s arms, and reluctantly, Makayla released Derek and trailed her mother into the next room.

Derek watched them disappear as Eden observed Derek from the entrance of the space. He readjusted his tie, his gaze leaving the corridor to glance at Eden.

Space lingered between them as they both took in the extent of the moment.

As Kennedy passed Derek, he called out to her.

“Yes?” Kennedy tossed a glance over her shoulder, a dark lock bouncing from her face.

“Is there a father with them?”

Kennedy’s frown was of despair. “Unfortunately, no. And before you ask further, I can’t offer you any more information than that.”

Derek nodded. “I understand.”

“It’s a privacy issue.”

“I understand,” he repeated. “Thank you for partnering with us. I hope you’ll be around next year so we can do it again.”

“Sure thing. Thank you for your humanitarian efforts, and congratulations on the nomination for the N.A.R. Distinguished Service Award. You deserve it.”

Derek’s smile was tight, but only because the sincere appreciation that normally filled him couldn’t survive with the storm that brewed in his gut.

“Thank you.”

Kennedy nodded, her short tresses bouncing as she turned to Eden. “I want to thank you, too. Without your help, this home wouldn’t be as beautiful as I imagined it could be. You two are one of a kind.”

Derek and Eden eyed each other, an unintentionally tense moment flashing between them.

It passed just as Derek winked, and Eden smiled softly, a disturbing uncertainty holding her hostage.





Three days later





Derek unloosened his tie, then shoved his hands inside the pockets of his Ferragamo suit. The buyer he’d just shown a five-bedroom, five-bathroom home to had talked the entire showcase. Derek didn’t mind most days. With his profession, it was a given that the conversation between him and a potential homebuyer would grow close with each minute that passed. But today with all of her enthusiastic chatter, Derek had only heard the woman here and there as he couldn’t seem to shake thoughts of Makayla Shelton.

Standing in the doorway of the empty home, Derek’s gaze swept around the quiet neighborhood, manicured lawns, polished bushes, and blossoming rose gardens that were an incentive to his selling points. But even with the beauty of the area growing around him, the conversation between him and Tamera after the cameras stopped rolling and the crew had all left was a repeating mantra in his mind.

“It’s good to see you again.” Tamera laid a hand on Derek’s arm. “I appreciate you doing this for us, I really do.”

Taking in the lines in Tamera’s face, the aging around her eyes, no doubt of worrying where the next meal would come from or if she and Makayla would be safe from one day to the next, Derek nodded.

“Don’t mention it. I’d do it in a heartbeat for anyone in need.”

Tamera took note that his statement separated the personal attachment she’d created to one of humanitarian efforts.

Tamera nodded. “Thank you anyway.” She took a fidgeting hand over the headdress that covered her short hair in an Erykah Badu styled wrap.

Derek checked his Rolex, eight thirty p.m. “It’s getting late, and I’m sure you want to get Makayla to bed.” He hesitated. “We should talk.”

Tamera reined in a breath. “You’re right…when?”

“Do you have a number?”

“Yes, but it’s a government phone with not many minutes.”

“We’ll meet somewhere. I don’t want to run up your minutes, and I won’t take up too much of your time.”

“Oh.”

Her hands fumbled to her pockets where she pulled out her cell.

“What’s your number,” she asked, creating a new contact.

“Let me have yours.”

Her fingers stopped dancing on the keypad, and she looked up at him.

“Yeah, sure, no problem.”

Tamera rattled off the number and after realizing Derek wasn’t going to offer her the same, slipped her phone back inside her pocket.

“I’ll be in touch. Have a good night.”

“You, too.”

Tamera had watched Derek stroll to the car, his intense aura still filling up her space. Derek glanced back and waved with one toss of his hand. Tamera returned his farewell then slowly closed the door behind him.

“Everything okay?” Eden asked as Derek slipped inside the vehicle.

“Yeah.” He reached for her hand and intertwined their fingers. “Everything’s great.”

The phone in Derek’s palm flipped as he played with the idea of calling Tamera, but it was something that had to be done. There were questions…one in specific that he needed an answer to, and no amount of sleep would clear his mind of it.

Checking the time, Derek tapped through his iPhone, his thumb hovering over her number before pressing send seconds later.

The sprinkler system on the lawn across the street sprang into action, and after two rings, a mellow voice came through the line.

“Hello?”

“Ms. Shelton, this is—”

“I know who you are, Derek, and you don’t have to be so formal with me.”

Quietness settled throughout the line.

“I wondered if you decided not to call.”

“Are you busy?”

The smooth strum of his voice was a solace that she missed, and Tamera leaned a shoulder into the refrigerator, then took a deep breath.

“No. Would you like to come over?”

Derek dropped his head and rubbed his temples, his jaw locking then unlocking—back and forth.

“Can you meet me at the park on Twenty-fourth and Davenport in one hour?”

“Oh, sure.”

“Thank you. I’ll see you then.”

Derek ended the call, slipping his phone inside his suit jacket pocket before locking the home and leaving the premises.

Behind the wheel of his black Ferrari Portofino, Derek eased away from the curb, deciding lunch would come later—once he’d had this necessary conversation.





She’d done everything to clear her thoughts, but still, Eden was having the hardest of times meditating. She blew out a frustrated breath, then lifted to her feet, rolling up her mat where she tucked it underneath her arm.

“I need something else,” she murmured. Something like Bali.

She paced down her hallway, slipping petite feet inside a pair of sandals. In the comfort of a body-hugging jumpsuit, Eden left the condo shared with her sisters in search of an outside space where she could relax and get into her groove. “Where, where, where…” Her whispering chants accompanied the wheels turning in her head.

Over the last few days, she’d spent her nights in Derek’s arms and her mornings bringing the sight of his handsomely sculpted image before her. But just being near him wasn’t enough. She was missing something…his attention. It had been far away from here, and she knew the reason why. After the interaction with Tamera and Makayla, the knot in her belly had grown more abundant by the day—with each utterly empty moment she shared with him. He could have a child with someone he used to love. If that were the case, what would that mean for them?

Breathe, girl. Breathe…

She did. Inhaling and exhaling as she drove in her continued search to find a place of peace. When the thought to ask him about their conversation urged her forward, Eden backed out at the last minute, unwilling to risk hearing the words out loud. That didn’t help the despair that bubbled in her stomach. The dread was a strangling fear that nagged her with discouragement.

Instead, she decided to wait for him to come to her. If and when Derek had something to say about it, Eden chose to believe that he would approach her with the conversation.

You could be overreacting.

She nodded, answering her own thought, aware that overreaction was better than the alternative.

Eden turned on Twenty-fourth and Davenport, maneuvering the car into an unreserved spot.

The park was a perfect place to relive her outside meditation, so hushing the anxiety that stormed inside her, Eden grabbed her mat, left her smartphone, and strolled along the grass-led path.





Chapter Seventeen





“Good afternoon,” Derek said, glancing between Makayla and Tamera. “I thought she would be in school.”

“School’s out for spring break.” Tamera held up a lunch basket. “I brought food. Didn’t know if you had eaten lunch, so…” Tamera’s face lit up, then she also glanced between Makayla and Derek.

“You shouldn’t have, unless you two haven’t had anything.”

“We wanted to wait until we got here,” Tamera said.

Makayla nodded, and Derek offered a wink at her and a curt smile at Tamera.

“Do you think I can have a word with you alone?”

“Don’t mind me,” Makayla said. “I’ll be over by the monkey bars.” She strolled off, and Derek turned and took a step back, now standing side by side with Tamera.

He took in a breath. “Who’s her father,” he asked, with a frankness that Tamera expected.

She hesitated. “I…I don’t know.” Tamera sighed, and Derek’s eyes fell to a close. “I’m sorry, I—”

“Don’t do that.” Even the stillness of the wind became an eerie silence.

Tamera turned to face him. “If you’re wanting to know if there’s a possibility you could be her father, then the answer is yes.”

Derek faced her, his expression going hard as a flicker of soft emotion flew through his gaze. “I want a paternity test.”

They stared for long moments—Tamera feeling caught off guard even when she understood that there was a likelihood he would ask this.

“No.”

“What do you mean, no?”

Tamera sighed. “Look—”

Derek stepped closer. “I need to know if Makayla’s my daughter.”

“Why?”

Derek’s brows collided, a pensive countenance on his face. “What do you mean why? Because if I’m her father, she needs to know. It means I’ve missed eleven years of her life. How can you ask me this?”

Sorrow filled Tamera’s face. “Look, we’ve been through a lot. Makayla was premature at birth, and now she has a growth disorder among other medical issues.” Tamera sighed then murmured, “I did the best I could, but…in college, I experimented with drugs, and I couldn’t get off of them for a while.” She paused again. “In the midst of my addiction, I…” Tamera sighed harshly. “Makayla thinks her father is dead.”

A pain shot through Derek’s heart, so severe Tamera caught him lightly flinching.

“Why would she think this?”

“I’m sorry, Derek, I…really. It’s embarrassing not knowing, okay. There’s no point in getting Makayla’s hopes up for nothing.”

Derek released a harsh breath. “And you didn’t think reaching out to her potential fathers was an idea?”

He seemed to grow larger in front of her as his frustration elevated. Derek could feel it, too, and he took a step back and turned, reining in his anxiety.

“Derek, you don’t have to do this to yourself. There’s no reason for you or anyone else to get involved now.”

Derek spun back around, his dark voice a low drum. “What kind of man do you think I am?”

“One that may get his heart broken again if—”

“Again?”

“I know I hurt you when we were in college. I was a different person then, but I’ve changed. Still, even if you’re Makayla’s father, what do you think is going to happen? Are you going to be home for dinner at night like a real family because that’s what she wants? Are you planning to tuck her in to bed, pick her up from school, attend parent-teacher conferences? Father-daughter dances? Because it won’t be as simple as saying, I’m your father, then taking her on a few trips and showering her with gifts.”

Another pained expression crossed Derek’s face, and Tamera backtracked.

“I’m not saying you wouldn’t really love her, but I know you have a busy lifestyle, and—”

“My child would come before all of what you think you know, Tamera, and furthermore, this is not about you and me. I’m in love, and I plan to spend my life with the woman my heart can’t beat without, so don’t misunderstand my frustration. I would never turn my back on a child that carries my blood, and you of all people should know this. I can tell that Makayla is a smart girl. She would understand that Mommy and Daddy are not together.”

Tamera was feeling slightly rocked by his revelation, and she couldn’t help but wonder if he’d ever felt that way about her.

“This is just another reason why you should leave this alone.”

“How is that?”

“I think I know my daughter well enough. She’s asked about her father since she was five years old. Not a year goes by that she doesn’t randomly speak about what he must have been like. She’s even asked to go see his grave so she could have a conversation with him.”

Derek’s heart was sore. “And still, you plan to keep up this lie?”

Tamera locked her jaw. “I don’t have a choice.”

“That’s bullshit, and you know it.”

Tamera placed her hands on her hips. “I’ve made my decision.”

They eyed each other sternly when Makayla’s voice entered the conversation.

“Mom, what’s wrong?” The young girl grabbed Tamera’s hand, a worried expression in her eyes.

“Oh,” Tamera thought quick, “I was just telling Mr. Derek about your dance.”

“Oh.” Makayla’s downturned gaze tightened Derek’s heart. “I can’t go, Mr. Derek. It’s for daughters and fathers, and mine’s dead.”

Derek squatted before Makayla.

“Don’t be so solemn, young princess,” he encouraged. “If it means that much to you, I’d be willing to go in your father’s place.”

Makayla and Tamera gasped simultaneously, and Derek’s heart lifted as he witnessed the happiness in Makayla’s eyes return. Just as quickly, Makayla frowned.

“Wait, what does solemn mean?”

Derek’s burly guffaw made all three of them laugh as Makayla shrugged. “What?” She said.

“It means sad. Don’t be sad.”

“Are you serious about taking me?”

“Of course, ladybug.”

“I don’t know about that,” Tamera added.

“Come on, Mom, please, please, please,” Makayla urged.

Tamera sighed and thought it over.

“Pleeeeeeeeeeeease.”

“Okay, okay.”

“Yaaaaaay!”

Makayla tossed her arms around Derek’s neck, and he held her close, their embrace warming Tamera’s heart even though she tried to shake the sincerity of the moment.



Standing a few feet away, Eden was frozen in her footsteps—the sight before her making her heart ache with each second that passed. She was momentarily confused, slightly disoriented, and utterly crushed by what was happening. Which was what? Eden saw a family that didn’t involve her; one she was never meant to be a part of. Eden’s thoughts betrayed her as she conjured the vibrant colors of Makayla’s room, with an image of Derek tucking Makayla into bed, then tucking Tamera into bed, his rock-hard body between her legs as Tamera’s was thrown into a passionate arch, mouth wide—taking each thrust from Derek’s solidly built frame.

Eden’s heart threatened to combust, her throat tightening as she took a step back, then another before spinning around and returning from where she came.





On WTZB’s nightly news, we’ll discuss the incident at city hall that made local citizens outraged. Tonight at seven.



Eden decreased the volume on the remote control then tossed it to the side and ate another scoop of Häagen-Dazs strawberry ice cream. Sitting with her legs folded underneath her bottom, a scarf tied around her head, and a simple silk nightgown that draped midthigh, Eden pushed her back into the couch—unsatisfied with her dinner.

Her eyes drifted to the wall clock when Brian McKnight began singing about how he’d never felt this way about love—a tune Eden had added in place of Beyoncé’s, Dangerously In Love. Eden dropped her attention to the phone, her pulse accelerating at Derek’s picture that spread across her screen—a mischievous smile, a strongly structured jaw, and a sharp gaze, intense, magnifying.

Eden froze, her mind shuffling as a knot formed in her stomach. On the fifth ring, Eden tapped the screen and pulled the device against her ear.

“Hey.”

“Mona Lisa…”

Eden closed her eyes and exhaled.

“I thought for a minute I wouldn’t get you,” he continued. “Have you had dinner? I’m headed your way.”

“I’m turning in early tonight.” She bit her bottom lip as tension filled her shoulders. “I don’t have much of an appetite. Matter of fact, I’ve ruined it with strawberry ice cream.” Eden laughed dryly and sucked in a deep breath.

“What’s wrong?” Derek asked, his voice a deep thread of concern.

“Nothing. What do you mean?”

The silence lingered a bit, and Derek wrestled with the discomfort of her lie.

“How was your day,” he asked, taking another approach to get the truth from her.

“Well, let’s see. Business as usual, I guess.”

“You guess?”

Eden shrugged as if Derek was there to witness it. “I’m planning the wedding of Phoebe and Jasmine Alexandria Rose, two of Chicago’s favorite set of twins in a triplet family. Everything’s good.”

“Favorite set of twins?”

Eden bit her bottom lip tighter, if nothing exposed her current frustration, that did it.

“What is this really about? Is either of them making demands you can’t meet? Talk to me, baby.”

“I saw you today,” Eden blurted.

Leaving the Indonesia restaurant Rickshaw Republic with dinner he’d planned to surprise her with, Derek paused his stroll.

“Is that a fact?” His voice was a deep murmur.

“It is.”

Derek took the remaining steps to his awaiting Ferrari that was idle as the valet attendant nodded in his direction.

“Well, why didn’t you come let me love on you then?” He slid inside the car and shut the door.

“Because you were loving on someone else.”

Eden shut her eyes tight. She hated sounding jealous, but she was human, and here it was, spilling out of her.

Derek frowned then tensed, his gaze sprouting in surprise.

“What?”

Eden paused. “Is Makayla your daughter?”

Derek’s heart rocked, his mind buzzing.

He sighed. “I don’t know.”

“Were you planning to tell me?”

“There’s not much to tell right now.”

“How about, oh I don’t know, Eden, there’s been something on my mind. The little girl we met at the reveal the other day may be my daughter. Or even giving me a heads-up that you’re planning to meet with Tamera and Makayla again.” Eden huffed. “You said you would let me in. You said…” She pulled in a deep breath. “You said you wouldn’t leave me out in the cold, but I’ve got to tell you, Derek, I’m feeling frosty over here.”

“Mona Lisa, please, it’s not what it looks like.”

Eden laughed, though no humor was found in the symphonic wave of its ring.

“Did you really just hit me with that?”

“You know what, you’re right. It was something that had been on my mind for a few days. I wasn’t sure if calling Tamera was a good thing, but most importantly, I knew it would affect us in some way, and I don’t want that.”

“So you kept it a secret.”

“I wasn’t trying to hide anything from you, I just…”

Eden’s chest tightened. “You didn’t want me to know.”

The flip in Derek’s gut shot to his heart. “You’re right,” he admitted, making Eden’s eyes widen with surprise. Tears clouded her sight, the television in front of her now blurred. “It sounds bad, but I wanted to handle it then come to you with what I knew for sure.”

A tear fell down one side of her face then the other.

“Except, that’s not how relationships work. Prime example, while I was looking for a place of rest today mainly because my meditation room wasn’t providing the calm I needed—I couldn’t help but be bombarded by thoughts that the man I’m falling in love with is no longer in my presence even when his body is.”

Derek put the car into drive. “I’m on my way over there.”

“I can’t see you right now, Derek.”

“Eden, don’t do this. We need to talk.”

“We are talking.”

“You know what I mean.”

“I don’t think so.”

“Eden.”

“You didn’t want to talk about it at first, so please don’t do me any favors.”

Derek hit a corner. “I’m five minutes away.”

“You’re wasting your time.”

His voice rose out of frustration. “Why?”

“Because, I’m going to bed. I have a long day ahead.”

“Mona Lisa, I know how it looked—”

“You can’t imagine how it looked, Derek!” Her voice broke. She’d been secretly waiting on the proverbial shoe to drop. Their relationship had become too perfect—such a dream come true. “Tell me where I belong in this new family of yours?”

“You are my family, make no mistake about that.”

“No, I’m not.” Her voice lowered. “Maybe I would’ve been.” Eden shut her eyes tight. “The possibilities were endless.”

“Why are you talking like this?”

“I think you know why.”

The line became silent as both of their hearts thumped, and their nerves spun.

“I’m pulling up.”

“I told you—”

“Eden…” Derek jumped out of his car and ran around to the front door where he entered a keycode and was instantly buzzed inside.

“Derek.”

He jogged past the elevators and took the staircase with speed that exceeded each time he leapt. He entered the corridor with his shoulder leading the way through, right up to her door where he knocked, his voice bouncing down the hallway.

“Baby, open the door.”

The cell phone was pressed to his ear, where he listened to Eden breathe softly.

“Mona Lisa…”

Silence expanded all around them for a stretch before Eden spoke, “I need a little time to think.”

“How much time do you need? I’ve got all night.”

“Derek.”

“You have no idea how serious I am. I won’t let anything come between us. I said it, and I meant it.”

“Derek.”

“Don’t do this, my love, please…”

On the other side of the door, Eden slipped a hand over her chest, desperate to control the beat of her heart.

“Derek,” she sighed, “I need time to think.”

Derek stood stock-still, pulled into a nightmare that threatened to become his reality. He dropped his head and rubbed his temples, then took a step back and turned but didn’t make a move toward the exit.

Frustration rumbled out his mouth as he swept one hand over his face, the phone still attached to his ear.

“I’m sorry. I went about this the wrong way. I didn’t see it at first, but I do now, and I take full responsibility for fucking up.” His voice grew edgy as a disturbance laced his veins, the rickety tick of his heart an alarming bounce.

“Please don’t turn me away.” Derek faced the door, his hand sliding up the barrier and his forehead falling into the frame.

Quietness took over again, and Derek’s despair grew more significant as time ticked past.

“I’m sorry.” Her apology was a whispered whimper. “I need…time to think.”

Eden was doing it again, safeguarding her soul while she still had the sanity to do so.

With them both facing the door on opposite sides of its shelter, Eden ended the call, then dropped her hand and took a posterior step.

“Eden…” Derek whispered, his veins squeezing as he tensed. “Baby…”

Eden turned and fled to her private quarters, leaving Derek on her doorstep, with his head in his hands.





Chapter Eighteen





Eden was in another spell-inducing fight of her life. It was the Christmas party aftermath all over again. For the last three days, her mind had been convoluted with thoughts of Derek, even as she busied herself with preparations for Phoebe and Jasmine’s wedding. Days were mixing together, and everything around her was a flurry of motion. But for Eden, she was floating on a cloud, going about her day in such robotic fashion that her assistant Jada finally expressed concern.

“Ms. Rose?”

Eden blinked, her head turning slowly as she focused on Jada.

“Is everything okay?”

Eden’s forehead creased, but even her voice was monotone. “Yes, why do you ask?”

“For starters, I’ve been knocking on your door for a few minutes. Also, you’ve been working nonstop. Shouldn’t you get food, water, take a bathroom break at least?”

They were in the downtown office of Sublime Design Home, Eden’s interior design firm where she’d practically closed herself off to the world while mulling over sketches for the dual wedding reception.

Standing at the wooden mahogany door of Eden’s office, Jada folded her arms and stared over at Eden before entering.

“Is it about the pictures of Derek in the newspaper?”

Eden’s grip on the ink pen in her hand became a vise as her mind now shifted to the Chicago Chronicle and the front page that splashed a different headline day after day, haunting her with alluding captions.

Real Estate Mogul Derek James Clark’s Rooftop Connection Initiative May Have Connected Him with Long-Lost Family.

Another said, Could Millionaire Mogul Derek James Clark Become the Next Bachelor Taken Off the Shelf?

Those were bad, but the worst of them all stung Eden with such egregiousness that she’d locked herself inside her car for a full half a day before she gathered her bearings.

Has Derek James Clark Finally Moved on from the Beautifully Talented Eden Alexandria Rose?

All three of the clippings displayed the same picture of Derek squatted in a cherished hug with Makayla while Tamera looked on with hope-filled eyes. Meanwhile, in the same photo, Eden could be spotted in the background, a confused yet torn look obstructing her features.

Eden took in a deep breath.

“I’m fine.”

“You don’t seem fine.”

“I’m under the gun. The wedding is in a few short weeks, and it’s going to take all of my energy to make it a fairytale.”

“You should still have food.”

“Did you bring me something to eat?” Eden lifted a perfectly arched brow.

“No, but I can grab something from the Asian restaurant downstairs. It’ll only take a minute.”

Asian food made Eden think of Bali, and her gut tightened as she drew in a calming breath.

“That’s fine.”

“I’ll be back.”

Jada left the room, the door sweeping to a close behind her. Eden sighed, and her phone lit up as a notification came through her cell.

She swiped the screen, her lips parting on a smile. A bridal gown, covered in rhinestones over a halter top-style, covered Jasmine’s chocolate skin. Her sister’s smile was bright enough to light up the darkest corner of the earth, and Eden was sincerely happy for her; the grin that lifted the spread of her lips was proof of it.

She replied.

Congratulations sis. You look stunning. I’m so happy for you and wish I could be at the bridal shower with you and the others.

Send.

Eden could’ve gone to the shower, but with the turmoil her heart was under, she figured keeping her melancholy away from the others was best and instead feigned a busy schedule.

But you said you would go all the way.

It was true. In so many words, Eden told herself she would see this thing between her and Derek through. Phoebe’s warning echoed in her thoughts.

“See it through. But, understand that Derek may not be ready, sis, and if that’s the case, it’s going to hurt like hell when you come to grips with it, and I will be here for you if that happens. Okay?”

Eden sighed and again her thoughts took a turn.

I’m having a grand opening for an interior design firm here in Bali. I wanted to offer you the chance to headline the Bali location.

Initially, Eden had pushed away any thought of considering Mr. Anderson’s proposal. However, in light of what her life was becoming, a change of environment might not be so bad. Eden considered Jada, wondering if the up-and-coming designer would be interested in overseeing operations in the States, while Eden settled in Bali.

Eden thought of her sisters, her brothers, her father. They were all newly married and getting comfortable in their households. Surely, they wouldn’t miss her if she left. Eden’s heart tapped, the thought of saying goodbye to Derek stealing her breath. But unfortunately, a detox of him was appearing to be the only way for her to rid herself of the ache in her heart.





Two Days Later





He was starched, clean, and sharp—the creases in the navy Brioni Vanquish suit defined along with the muscular build of his physique. On Derek’s feet, a pair of Brioni cognac cap toe leather shoes brought out the golden gleam of his gaze, and the charisma of his confidence added to his tangible authority.

A whistle brought his attention from his view of the crowd, where he stood, hands in pockets, watching people enter the building to attend the celebration of the N.A.R. Distinguished Service Awards ceremony.

“What’s up, brother?” Derek’s deep voice drummed.

Malik Anthony Clark strolled to his side, mirroring Derek’s swagger but in Tom Ford, remised of his tie—a strong neckline that peeked at an open collar before disappearing behind a button down.

“Not much,” Malik replied, “but I see you came ready to take home the prize.” Malik eyed his brother, his head nodding in approval.

Derek smirked. “You don’t look so bad yourself.” He paused. “But where’s your tie?”

Malik grunted. “You know I don’t like things that tie me down.” He smirked, and Derek chuckled.

“Do I ever,” Derek said. “Have you seen Father?” Derek asked.

“He’s not far behind me. You know he always gets caught with someone.”

“Let me guess, a wealthy aristocrat that couldn’t shake his eye?”

Malik chuckled. “You know it.”

Derek smirked and turned when he heard Fredrick Clark’s voice close in.

“Look at my boys to men,” Fredrick’s baritone voice boomed. He was also dapper in Giorgio Armani, cuff links gleaming from his wrists, a freshly shaven goatee, dark waves in a low fade, the maturity of his years in his dark gaze, and a heavy scent of Dolce and Gabbana Velvet Desert Oud drifting from him.

“What are you doing up here instead of at your reserved seat downstairs?” Fredrick asked, placing a hand on Derek’s shoulder as he held the other out for a shake.

Derek accepted his father’s greeting. “Thinking.”

Fredrick and Malik glanced between each other.

“It must be important if it’s pulled your attention away from the honor you’re here to receive tonight.”

Derek cleared his throat. He wasn’t in the habit of going to his father for advice when it came to relationships, especially since he grew up with Fredrick insisting they were a distraction. But with them both waiting for an answer to the thing that spelled him, Derek spoke, “I’m in love with Eden.”

Both Malik and Fredrick continued to stare, the silence thick.

“I may have a child with another woman. Someone from my past.” He sighed. “Instead of being honest with Eden about it, I tried to find a resolution on my own. Long story short, Eden found out and now…” The space around them became quiet again as they listened, and Derek searched for the words. “It’s coming between us.”

“It will only get worse,” Fredrick said.

Derek tensed, his jaw locking as he carried an uplifted eye to his father.

Fredrick sighed. “This is what I’ve been warning you about your entire life. And now, you’re going to have to marry her.”

Both Malik’s and Derek’s intense gazes lowered into a scowl.

“Marry who, exactly?”

“Your child’s mother, who else?”

“You’re out of your damn mind,” Derek’s dark voice fired. “And furthermore, I don’t know if she’s my child’s mother yet.” Derek shook his head. “This is your advice? What about Eden?”

Fredrick waved a hand. “She’ll get over you eventually, and vice versa. You’ll learn to love your child’s mother, and all will be fair. You’re a Clark. You take care of your responsibilities even if it means you suffer for it. Trust me, I know.”

The room became still again as Derek’s and Malik’s questionable gazes turned into frowns.

“What are you saying?” Derek asked, and Malik crossed his thick arms as he also awaited Fredrick’s answer.

Fredrick exhaled heavily. “Now’s not the time for this conversation. We should go downstairs and—”

“No,” Derek said. “Explain yourself.”

Fredrick’s brow quirked, and he detained a hard glance at Derek then Malik. Fredrick held his arms out.

“Okay.” Fredrick paused. “I’ve been where you are, and I chose to do the honorable thing and marry my children’s mother.”

Rocked by Fredrick’s revelation, both Derek and Malik took a step back, Malik dropping his arms and Derek’s fists tightening as they stayed hidden in his pockets.

“Are you saying you never loved our mother?” Derek asked, affronted.

The two brothers stared their father down, throats clogging and guts tightening.

Fredrick sighed harshly. “I learned to love her. I cared for her, and I love the hell out of my kids.” He slipped a tongue across his teeth then sucked. “But I was never truly in love with your mother. I was in love with someone else.”

A voice boomed from a microphone downstairs. The host was welcoming the crowd and congratulating the nominees. Before a winner was announced, however, the ceremony would begin with a viewing of the candidates on a camera reel like a documentary of sorts that would highlight their efforts and how they ended up on the road to becoming a contender.

But in a room that three recipients occupied, silence had sucked the wind out of the men’s discreet corner, their minds racing as they each took in the truth. It suddenly all made sense. Fredrick’s distaste for relationships. His push to stay focused and not fall in love because he chose what he deemed the honorable route in life, and in his mind, love was a fairytale that couldn’t be reached.

“Does she know this?” Derek asked.

“None of that matters,” Fredrick responded.

“Does she know?” Malik’s voice rose, his gaze heightened as his and Derek’s hearts ached for their mother.

Again, Fredrick exhaled. “No. That would hurt her too much.”

Both Derek and Malik released a relaxing breath as Derek glanced at his brother then back to his father.

“Take it to your grave,” Malik stated matter of factly.

“And now the nominees,” a voice bellowed from the microphone.

The crowd cheered as the nominees were called one by one. And without another word, Derek walked toward the exit, entering the hallway where he took the winding granite staircase into the audience.

“Derek James Clark,” the host announced, just as Derek bent to take his seat. The audience erupted in cheers, noticeable faces in the crowd—the Rose Family—minus Eden, best friends Quentin Davidson, Mayor Luke Steele and their fiancées. His brothers, Tristan and Langston. His mother, Cynthia Denise Clark, front row and center—a loving expression on her face that showed her pride as her soft brown eyes twinkled. Derek’s throat clogged, and his heart hurt for her all over again. What would’ve happened if his father married for love instead of duty? What would’ve become of them?

With confidence and an array of swagger, Derek made his way to the stage, inwardly in turmoil as his gaze swept over the vast crowd.

He held a hand up. “Thank you,” he mouthed as he took a stand next to another nominee. As the lights bore down on the stage, a million flashes commenced as cameras caught the moment in a still image while Derek silently screamed for Eden—his pulse an attacking thump and his soul yearning to see her, be near her…touch her.

It had been five days since she’d left him on her doorstep, twisted and sick at the thought of losing her. His calls went unanswered, text messages dismissed in the form of torturous silence, never-ending and unrelenting.

“And now the moment we’ve all been waiting for.” The host was met with an envelope, and he swiftly opened it, his eyes jumping with surprise but satisfaction.

“Our N.A.R. Distinguished Service Award goes to…Derek James Clark! Ladies and gentlemen, can I get a round of applause?”

The stampede of people shook the building, and flashes from the cameras were a rigorous explosion of light.

Derek stepped out of line, a grin lingering on his confident face as he strolled to the podium and accepted a golden statue on a plaque with his name engraved in a finessing script.

“Thank you.” He smiled at the boisterous crowd, his gaze scanning still in hopes to find her there. When a storm of chills fell over Derek’s skin, he paused his perusal—his gaze diving into the far-reaching corner of the building.

A soft silhouette hid in the shadows of a thick column next to the exit, and try as he might, Derek couldn’t get the make of her face, even with the revving of his heartbeat.

Was she there?

Derek peered harder, his gaze a squint and the crowd none the wiser as they continued to cheer. He blinked to get a better look, but now that silhouette was gone, and left in its place—more mocking silence.

Derek exhaled and accepted a fate that had been a part of his destiny before he knew what love was.

And as he resigned to make his speech, a weight was lifted from his shoulders.





Chapter Nineteen





dimend SCAASI Jeweler





“This is the one.”

The jeweler’s grin lifted. “That’s the Madison Avenue Tapered Lady’s Wedding Ring. It’s valued at eight thousand dollars. The lady must be special.”

The center lab-grown diamond was accommodated with six smaller diamonds that lined the middle of the 18-karat rose gold ring. Treading the circumference of the band, more diamonds, smaller in size were a shimmer of crystal rock.

Derek reached inside his suit jacket pocket and removed his wallet, sliding a black American Express card over the counter.

“This is the one,” he said again.

The jeweler nodded. “Then it’s yours.”

Fifteen minutes later, the doorbell dinged as Derek exited onto South Wabash Avenue. He pulled his Rolex eye level and checked the time. Nine p.m. He grimaced then took a few grand steps to his awaiting Ferrari where he drove away from the curb and headed across town.





The sound of the doorbell caught her off guard, a brow rising as she stood, her feet padding to the door.

“Who is it?”

Silence, then seconds later, “It’s me. Did I wake you?”

Opening the door, Tamera Shelton peered up at Derek, a question in the depth of her dark brown eyes.

“Hey.”

She opened the door wider and stepped to the side, dressed in a short-sleeve V-neck shirt and mid-thigh pajama shorts.

“I wasn’t expecting you.”

“I know, and I don’t mean to intrude—”

“No, you’re fine. Come in.”

Her eyes lingered on him as Derek’s swept through the interior.

“Is Makayla up?”

His gaze trekked back to her.

“Yeah.”

“Spring break?”

“Yeah.”

Derek nodded. “We need to talk.”

“You would have to come over the threshold for that to happen. Unless you want to talk outside on the front porch.”

Derek hadn’t moved since she’d opened the door, but on that cue, he eased into the foyer, and Tamera closed the door behind him.

“Tamera.”

“Before you begin, can I say something?” She asked.

Derek tilted his head in a nod and held his tongue.

“You were right. It’s not fair for me to keep you from a paternity test if there’s a chance you could be Makayla’s father.” She paused. “I’ve spoken to Makayla about it.”

Derek’s gaze rose in surprise. “When?”

“Yesterday.”

Derek folded his arms then rubbed a hand down his face.

“I just said it was a possibility that her father could be alive.” She hesitated, then a soft smile teased her lips. “As you can imagine, she’s excited.” Tamera’s forehead creased. “I still worry that if you’re not…”

Derek nodded.

“Anyway, I do have a way to get in touch with the others if it comes to that.”

“You should contact them as soon as possible. There’s no sense in taking Makayla through testing multiple times. Do it once and end it. Besides, it’s not just affecting her, it’s affecting you, too. How much longer are you going to hold yourself under the gun for past mistakes?”

Tamera’s eyes watered, and Derek drew his pocket square from his jacket and handed it to her.

“Can I speak with her?”

“I’m right here,” Makayla said, entering the hallway.

“Makayla, how long have you been there?” Tamera said, turning to her with wide eyes.

“I was wondering where you went.” Makayla looked up at Derek. “Are you my father?”

Derek pulled in a quiet breath. “I…” He took a step toward her then squatted to look Makayla in the eyes. “I could be. Would you like that?”

She nodded, a tiny smile on her lips.

“You know, even if I’m not, I know you will have a great dad, and you should believe that, too.”

Makayla nodded, her smile turning broad. “I do.”

Derek held out a hand for a high five, and Makayla slapped it—a giggle on her lips. “All right!” Derek said. His grin was infectious as he glanced up at Tamera then back down to Makayla. “Makayla,” he lifted her hand and covered the back of it with the palm of his. “I also want you to understand that if I am your father, it doesn’t mean your mother and I will be together. We are friends, and we will stay that way.”

Makayla looked up at her mother then shrugged. “Mommies and daddies aren’t together all the time. There’s plenty of friends at my school who go to their dad’s house on the weekend or during the summer. It’s like a vacation,” she said upbeat.

Derek laughed. “You’re absolutely right.”

Makayla threw her arms around Derek, and he hugged her back, laughter still in his gut as they embraced.

After a long moment, they drew apart, and Derek pulled to his six feet four inches of height. His attention was turned to Tamera, and he held a hand down, and she slapped it.

“You’re going to be just fine.”

She nodded and pulled Makayla to her side. “How about we wait until the paternity test comes back before you take Makayla to the father-daughter dance. If things go another way we could—”

Derek nodded. “I catch your drift.” He glanced at Makayla. “What do you think about that, ladybug?”

Makayla sighed. “Or I could have more than one daddy there. I’m okay with that.”

They all laughed quietly, and Tamera responded on Makayla’s behalf. “She’ll be okay.”

Derek reached out and pinched Makayla’s cheek.

“I’m going to head out, you two get some rest.”

“Thank you for stopping by,” Tamera said.

Derek nodded.

“Good night,” Makayla said.

“Good night, ladybug.”

He opened the door and exited, headed to his home with Eden on his mind. Derek wanted to give her the time she requested, but his heart was inconsolable without her, so he mentally decided to let her rest tonight, but tomorrow…tomorrow, Derek was going for her, and putting his heart on the line was the mission.





It was impossible to sleep, so tossing the cover from over his cut waist, Derek pulled his colossal frame out of bed, grabbing a pair of sweatpants as he shoved each solid leg in and exited his home through a sliding glass door. Bare-chested, Derek crossed the flat stone pathway to a large garage that held a compound of his collectible vintage cars.

Entering through the door, Derek hit a switch on the wall that illuminated the space, casting a glow over an Austin Healey 3000, DMC DeLorean, and a plethora of other restored vehicles.

He moved to stand in front of the dark blue, hard top, first production Mustang, his baby and his beauty—the one he’d dedicated to her.

Would he ever get a chance to present it?

There was a light tap on his door, causing Derek to turn full circle, his brow dipping as the door was pulled ajar slowly.

“I hope you don’t mind…”

Derek’s heart ricocheted as Eden slipped into the garage. In a mid-thigh denim skirt, a black belt aligning her waist, and the deep red lipstick matching her heels and blouse, Eden let the door swing closed behind her, a hand crossing her chest to cover her arm in a caress as she built the bravado it had taken for her to come.

“Congratulations,” she said. “I saw that you won the award.”

“You saw?” His deep voice strummed her flesh.

“I mean, I heard.”

Derek slipped his hands into his sweatpants pockets and eyed Eden as her pulse accelerated at the chiseled build of his torso. She bit her bottom lip and glanced at the Mustang.

“Have you restored this one,” she asked, momentarily distracted.

Derek lifted his chin but kept his lowered lids on her. “I have. With the help of Quentin,” he added.

“Oh.” She nodded and began to stroll forward. “Do you mind if I hear the engine? I know how excited you used to be to hear it for the first time, which I know I’m too late for, but still.” She smiled softly as she pulled to a stop in front of the Mustang and beside Derek.

He glanced at Eden, her proximity making his pulse thump faster.

“Actually,” he turned to face her, and she did the same, “I’ve been waiting to hear the engine,” he paused, “so we could listen together.”

Eden’s stomach flopped as he took a step forward, lifting her by the waist and sitting her derriere on the hood of the car.

She took in a quick breath as he leaned forward, placing his hands on both sides of her. “Eden…turn on for me baby.”

The engine beneath her bottom roared to life, sending a multitude of vibrations soaring through her body. Eden’s eyes lit up, and her mouth parted on a soft purr—captured in the window of his golden gaze.

“You…” She was breathless. “You named your treasure after me?”

“It’s what I’ve been trying to tell you, girl.” He dropped his head then lifted it. “There is no treasure greater than you.”

A whimper fell from her lips. “Derek.” She dropped her eye from his then reconnected with him. “I…” She shut her lips tight, the courage she once had trying to escape her. “I’m leaving town.”

Derek’s gaze darkened. “What are you talking about?”

Eden swallowed then pushed forth. “I was given the opportunity to headline an interior design firm in Bali.” She paused. “I’m taking it.”

Despair. It brimmed in his gaze like a force of nature, unfathomably tragic.

Derek opened his mouth to speak, but everything he thought of sounded selfish. Things like, No, you can’t. I forbid it. But he shut his eyes tight, knowing none of it was the right way to express himself.

“When…how long have you been considering this?”

“Not long, just the last few days.” She paused. “It was never something I contemplated until…” She revised. “I would’ve told you ahead of time if I knew this opportunity was something to be premeditated, but—"

“Mona Lisa, if this is a result of what’s happened between us, please.” He shook his head.

“I’ve thought it over, Derek.” She pushed herself forward, their bodies colliding in a sting of energy as she slid off the car and backed away from him.

“Eden, we should talk about this. You can’t just…” He locked his jaw, the veins of his heart threatening to cut off his oxygen.

“Don’t leave me, baby, please, please…”

“I’m sorry.” Her eyes filled with tears. “It’s for the best. You and Makayla and…Tamera will be a great family.” She backed into the door, and it opened.

“Eden, you’ve misunderstood, baby, I—”

“I gotta go.”

Eden turned and fled so fast that the wind racing against her face made the tears falling, sting her cheeks. She jumped in her car, her body shaken as she cried, her heart melting and feet hitting the gas.

In the garage, Derek was stunned into momentary silence, and then without warning, all the frustration he’d built roared from his mouth in a scream. His hands went to his head as he pressed against his temples, mind racing at how quickly things had gone left.

His feet moved before he gave them instruction, racing into the house where he shoved a T-shirt over the mountains in his shoulders and grabbed the keys to his Ferrari.

Within seconds, Derek was out the driveway, his gate left ajar as he hit the highway, making it across town in no time.





Chapter Twenty





Eden stepped into the condo, tears falling as she shed her clothes and entered the master bathroom, heart heavy and mind numb.

What had she done? What was she thinking? Eden fell to her knees in front of the clawfoot tub, reaching for the nozzle when a hand fell against the wooden barrier of her front door.

Whipping around, Eden rose to her feet, scrambling to grab a robe while quickly wiping tears from her eyes.

The hand landed against the frame again, its hinges in danger of breaking free as the wretchedness of a wounded voice cried out, “My heart aches for you, Mona Lisa—please…spare me, I beg you.”

Eden paused her stroll, her hand flying to her mouth as she gasped and leaned into the wall for balance.

“It was never my intention to make you feel as if you are not my family! But how could you not be when you were made for me?” Outside the door, Derek’s head fell onto the frame, assailed with the misery of an exiled man. “You are my life. My queen, Mona Lisa…” Anguish rendered him immobile, his heart breaking as distress riddled his veins.

Then, a chain was removed, the deadbolt unlocked, and when the door opened, Eden was hauled into the shelter of Derek’s gargantuan embrace—their mouths infused, sucking each other in so heavily it felt like a transfer of souls.

Tears poured from Eden’s eyes, and she spoke in a desperate wail against Derek’s lips, “Why can’t you just go away, huh?”

Her heart thundered, and he swallowed her fear as words tumbled from her lips in a passionate whisper. “Why can’t you just…”

She lost her breath on the inhalation of his undertaking tongue.

“Because I love you with every beat of my heart, with every breath that I take, with every fiber of my being, no amount of space and time can explain how thoroughly induced my love for you goes.

I am sustained by you and kindled with every lungful of air that emanates through your soul, Mona Lisa.” He sucked in her lips. “I can’t live another day without you.” More sucking, his tongue exploring, “I’d die…I’d die…” He murmured, lifting Eden in a dragging grind against his solid frame.

A whimper left her mouth, and instinctively, Eden’s hips gyrated as her legs climbed his waist.

“Ooooh…” she moaned on an open-mouth purr—their tongues mingling, pressing, and inhaling one another simultaneously.

Derek moved on a stride into the room, their buttocks bouncing off the counter, the refrigerator, the entrance to the corridor as they pushed and tugged in impassioned greed to fulfill a hungry need. Staggering down the hall, Derek turned toward the wall, his hips pinning Eden against its barrier as she yanked at the hem of his shirt—determined to rid him of the top.

He pulled it over his head then grabbed the nape of her neck, sinking his mouth into hers, as his other hand slipped inside her negligee. Around Eden’s waist, and over the hill of her ass, Derek’s fingers melted into Eden’s skin with a wrestling grip that elevated her buttocks higher.

“I need to be very clear with you, Mona Lisa.” Derek opened Eden’s robe as she shoved the sweatpants down his firm hips. “I have no intention of letting you out of my life.” His dick slapped against her center, love taps that asked for permission. She shuddered under the hypnotic intensity of his gaze, her body’s anticipation causing every nerve to react in celebration. “So if you’re relocating to Bali,” his cock dragged along the folds of her drenching sex, then entered her vagina, spreading her walls in one elongated stroke, “I’m coming with you.”

He growled, and Eden’s mouth fell open but was quickly consumed by his lips and thrusting tongue. Their bodies clashed and hips rocked as Derek pummeled Eden’s pussy, digging, thrusting, branding his masculinity in the heat of her canal.

Sinewy, muscled skin flexed with each drive into her sex, grinding and pounding in long, frenzied strokes that gripped her walls and sent her body into overdrive.

“Aaaaaah!” She screamed, driven to the edge of lunacy by his passionate drive.

“Stay with me forever, baby…Eden…” he whispered against her mouth. Pound for pound, Derek’s up surging tempo knocked them against the wall, the paintings shaken as the force of their love intensified.

“I love you…” He kissed her mouth. “I love you more than any business venture I’ve built or acquired.” Derek sucked in her tongue, then nibbled down her chin as his hips continued to rock Eden’s core. “I’ll leave it all behind to be with you.” He fucked her hard, his plunges bulldozing as the solid barrier behind them knocked with each rock.

“Nothing. Not anyone can keep my heart from yours.” He licked up her neck and ate up her face with melting, scorching kisses that offered him a pure taste of her skin.

“You were created for me.” His hips dug and rocked, dipped and punched in a spring so vulgar Eden wailed, and she attempted to climb his chest—running from the ultra-sensitive pleasure that filled her to the rim. “Mine, mine, mine,” he chanted, his pounding becoming a vibrant collision that made Eden squirt down the shaft of his dick. “Mine, mine, mine…”

Derek had promised himself not to lose it inside her, but with their hearts pacing, tongues sucking, and bodies burning against one another, Derek dug a penetrating stroke so deep, so utterly hard that the sting between Eden’s thighs was an afterthought when her derriere broke through the sheetrock behind them.

“Ooooh my God!” Eden squealed, moaning simultaneously.

Derek gripped her thighs and pulled her back into a bounce on his dick as pieces of the drywall fell from the indenture that they’d collided against.

Eden’s body quaked, and she held his neck and just as quickly lost control of her limbs.

“Ah!” She yelled as a river of crème ran down her thighs, “Derek!” Her head rolled as his total dominance claimed her breath.

Derek’s mouth recovered Eden’s lips, and they held fiercely composed in a wrap of ecstasy as their climax collapsed them, Derek going down to one knee then the other.

“Mona Lisa…” He moaned. The hot press of his lips a never-ending caress on her face. “Tell me we can be together. I need you to—”

“Yes…” she whispered. “Promise never to let me go.”

Derek had never felt love like what he felt then. The warm current of heartfelt energy drowned them in its spell.

“I swear on my life… I love you.” He kissed her mouth.

“I love you, too.”

The rhythmic energy of their nerves was a joining song that lulled them to the floor where they made love once more.





Eden stirred when she assumed her eccentric bladder was an ache between her thighs. Pulling from a peaceful slumber, Eden blinked up the thick pillar of Derek’s throat to his sculpted jawline and over restful lids. Her body hummed with an awareness of him, coming alive as if he was the source that kept her sustained.

Eden inhaled, breathing in his manly scent along with the fruit of their sex. It made her quiver, and she quietly watched him sleep before pulling from his arms and tiptoeing to the bathroom.

“Ouch!” she shrieked, biting her bottom lip and hopping on one leg. Her hand shot out to the wall, steadying her fall as Eden glanced down, a frown ruffling her face while she rubbed the sole of her foot.

“What is this?” she murmured, releasing her limb and gathering the box that lay on the carpet.

Eden turned it over in her hand, her brow lifted as she popped the top and was blinded momentarily by the gleam within.

“Oh!”

She cupped a hand to her mouth, and the thump of her heart accelerated in sheer adulation.

“I was serious when I said forever.”

Eden twirled to face Derek as he strolled from the shadow of the room into the corridor, where their clothes had been discarded along with the ring he’d purchased for her.

“Derek.” Eden’s chest rose and fell, her body now trembling for other reasons.

“You said you loved me, Mona Lisa.” He crowded her space, eyed her with the same intensity his cock had stroked her with. “Did you mean it?”

With surprised, sultry eyes, Eden declared, “Yes.”

Derek knelt to one knee, the masculine brush of his hand taking her fingers into his grasp. “Prove it. Marry me, baby…we can figure everything else out.” He pleaded with his gaze, its urgency crashing into Eden’s heart.

“Oh my God, yes, Derek…baby.”

She dropped into his arms, and he held her in a rapturous embrace. Tears stained Eden’s eyes, and Derek laid kisses on her mouth.

“I love you so fucking much,” he said, floating on a cloud as Eden purred.

“I love you, Mr. Clark.”





Epilogue





One Week Later





Eden swept her eye over the dining hall that was once Derek’s but was now their shared space, admiring the décor she’d designed for a celebratory lunch she and Derek were hosting for Phoebe, Quentin, Jasmine, and Luke. She’d mixed royal purple dining room chairs with pops of orange in the paintings, and fresh purple lilies sat throughout. The rectangular table was dressed with fine china, and purple and orange designer napkins were a silverware pouch for the utensils.

The atmosphere was dreamy, coasting a warmth of contentment over Eden. But, as she bent the corner into the hallway, the sight of Derek’s broad back, unmoving as he stood before the window—his gaze, searching and a letter hanging on to the thread of his fingers made Eden instantly freeze.

“Hey.”

Eden sauntered over to him as he turned to look at her.

“Hey.”

Derek reached for Eden, sliding his arm around her shoulders, and together they strolled to the foyer.

“What’s wrong?” she asked, sensing an uneasiness in Derek’s spirit.

He paused and lifted the letter. “We’ve got mail.”

Eden’s eyes scurried across the envelope, catching the name of the laboratory that was responsible for Derek and Makayla’s paternity results.

Eden’s heart ricocheted, and her eyes flipped back to his.

“Is she?”

“No.”

Eden thought she would be thrilled for an outcome like this, but the joy she expected was not there. Weird.

“How do you feel?”

Eden eyed Derek with concern as he dropped the paper onto a table, then drew Eden into a tighter embrace.

“Never better,” he assured.

“Are you sure? I know you took a liking to Makayla, and I know you want children, so—”

“I want children with you, Eden Alexandria Clark.”

Eden’s brows jumped in a wiggled delight.

“That sounds so good,” she murmured.

“We should set a date,” Derek said.

“Now?”

Derek nodded. “I spoke with my brothers,” Derek said, referring to his Omega Psi Phi brethren, Quentin and Luke.

Eden frowned. “What about?”

“They’ve invited us to join their ceremony, but only if you’d like to have a triple wedding instead of a singular one. Either wouldn’t make a bit of difference to me, as long as you become my wife.”

Eden’s eyes watered. “Are you serious? The wedding’s one week away!”

Derek chuckled and nodded. “You’re right. I’ll let them know to proceed without us when they arrive, or I can call them now.” Derek slipped his hand inside a pocket and retrieved his cell.

“Wait!” He eyed Eden questionably. “Will you give Makayla a call first and make sure she’s okay?”

Derek’s gaze softened, unaware that Eden could make his heart melt any further than it already had.

“Of course I will.” He kissed her lips softly, then firmly as he braced her body against his. Eden’s body came alive, vibrant as happiness took over her.

“So what do you say, Mona Lisa? Want to jump the broom next week?”

Eden licked his lips then smothered his mouth in a kiss. “Let’s do it.”

Derek’s golden gaze twinkled. “Yeah?”

She placed a kiss on his mouth. “Yes,” Eden murmured against his mouth, taken by his masterful tongue just as the doorbell resounded.

“It’s open!” Derek shouted, forced to pull his gaze to the door to make sure it was true.

The knob turned, and Phoebe entered with Jasmine on her heels. When the triplets’ eyes met, they tossed their hands into the air and shouted.

“We’re getting married!”

They danced, pulling one another in, hugging and celebrating as the men filled the space with their powerful masculinity.

The three men glanced at each other, charming grins elevated as they one by one gave dap and pulled in for congratulatory hugs.

“Did you ever think we would get married at once?” Luke asked, handing over a bottle of Ace of Spade that was clutched in his hands.

Quentin chuckled. “That would be a no.”

The men laughed. “We knew,” Derek said. “Maybe not that we would tie the knot at once, but…” He watched Eden as she spoke, her dialogue animated, and her brown eyes delighted. “But we were aware with whom we would be wed,” Derek turned to look at them, “and now we have a date with destiny.”

The ladies squealed again, their heads tossed back in laughter as Eden said, “I only have a week to prepare, so I’m going from the delightful wedding planner to a bridezilla in three, two, one…”

“Yeah right!” Jasmine interjected, and the women laughed, unable to contain their excitement a moment more.





Note from the Author





Hey, hey, thank you for reading! Let me tell you what’s about to happen next. Wait—you already know! Eden, Phoebe, and Jasmine are getting married in a grandiose wedding in my new novella, Promising Forever!

That’s right! You’ll get to see some of your favorites as the Rose family comes together for the biggest wedding of the decade!

But first! I hope you enjoyed Derek and Eden’s story. Chile, I was hot and bothered, then bothered and hot, okay! LOL.

If you feel the same way and need to talk about this story, the place to be is my Facebook group. There’s a book discussion two weeks after every release, and I’d love to have you!

And oh! If you loved Her Naughty Suitor, leave me a review and tell me about it! I’d love to hear from you, and doing so means a lot to me.

XOXO – Stephanie



Connect with Me on Facebook!

Connect with Me on Instagram!





Other Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris





Contemporary Romance

Everything I Always Wanted (A Friends to Lovers Romance)

Safe with Me (Falling for a Rose Book One)

Enough (Falling for a Rose Book Two)

Only If You Dare (Falling for a Rose Book Three)

Fever (Falling for a Rose Book Four)

A Lifetime with You (Falling for a Rose Book Five)

She said Yes (Falling for a Rose Holiday Edition Book Six)

Mine (Falling for a Rose Book Seven)

The Sweetest Surrender (Falling for a Rose Book Eight)

Tempted By You (Falling for a Rose Book Nine)

No Holds Barred (In the Heart of a Valentine Book One)

A Risqué Engagement (In the Heart of a Valentine Book Two)

Give Me A Reason (In the Heart of a Valentine Book Three)

A Game-Changing Christmas (A Falling for a Rose & In the Heart of A Valentine, Holiday Edition)

If I Could Stay (Lunch Break Series Book One)

With Your Permission (In The Heart of A Valentine Book Five)

Wait No More (A With Your Permission Spin-Off)

On The Naughty List (Prelude to Her Naughty Suitor)





Romantic Suspense Thrillers

Beautiful Assassin

Beautiful Assassin 2 Revelations

Mistaken Identity





Crime Fiction

Prowl

Prowl 2

Hidden





Fantasy

Golden (Rapunzel’s F’d Up Fairytale)





Non-Fiction

Against All Odds (Surviving the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit) *Non-Fiction





About the Author





Stephanie Nicole Norris is an author from Chattanooga, Tennessee, with a humble beginning. She was raised with six siblings by her mother Jessica Ward. Always being a lover of reading, during Stephanie’s teenage years, her joy was running to the bookmobile to read stories by R. L. Stine.

After becoming a young adult, her love for romance sparked, leaving her captivated by heroes and heroines alike. With a big imagination and a creative heart, Stephanie penned her first novel Trouble in Paradise and self-published it in 2012. Her debut novel turned into a four-book series packed with romance, drama, and suspense. As a prolific writer, Stephanie’s catalog continues to grow. Her books can be found on her website and Amazon. Stephanie is inspired by the likes of Donna Hill, Eric Jerome Dickey, Jackie Collins, and more. She currently resides in Tennessee with her husband and four-year-old son.



https://stephanienicolenorris.com/





