(Love After: Book 2)

By Alexandria House





Copyright © 2017 by Alexandria House



All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.



Printed in the United States of America



First Printing 2017





Pink Cashmere Publishing, LLC

pinkcashmerepub@gmail.com

http://pinkcashmerepublishing.webs.com/





For Me.





Made to Love



A year after a messy break-up with her stripper ex-boyfriend, seamstress, Trevia McCall, is still feeling the after-effects of his betrayal…and their mind-numbing sex life. She’s done with him, but her subconscious mind and body haven’t gotten the memo.

Spoken word artist, Nyles Adams, is the kind of man Trevia loves to love—handsome, talented, and cocky as hell. But as far as she’s concerned, he’s everything she wants and nothing that she needs.

Could it be possible that Trevia and Nyles were made to love each other?





Prologue



I met Wesley Anderson on a Saturday night. Girls’ night. My friend, Denise, had been invited to a co-worker’s bachelorette party being held at a strip club that showcased men. Men of all shades and sizes. Denise had just separated from her husband. My other friend, Greer, was single like me. So when the three of us hit the club with purses full of singles, there was nothing on our minds but drinking and enjoying the show. If we happened to get into a little something else, well...what happens in the club stays in the club.

The problem is, I broke the pact. See, I wasn’t counting on there being a Wesley Anderson AKA Mr. Bigg Blakk. From the moment he hit the stage—tall, muscular, black as night, nice butt, and weird hazel eyes similar to the cognac-colored eyes that contrast my own dark skin, I was mesmerized (I would later find out he was wearing contacts). And he had a big one, a huge one. I mean, his personality was enormous. Almost as big as the snake between his legs. And his ego? Well, you could definitely tell he knew he was the shit. I watched him dance and thrust and roll and wind to Ginuwine’s Pony like he was giving an Oscar-winning performance. I mean, he might as well have been Denzel in Fences.

Sexy would be an understatement. He was a walking obscenity. It was downright offensive to be that attractive. I remember squirming in my seat as I watched him work the crowd. My eyes never left him, and my mind drowned out the sounds of the screaming women around me, including my friends. When he made it to our table, I took all of the singles I had left and made it rain all over him. To show his appreciation, he reached for my hand, and before I could get to my feet good, he leaned in and whispered, “When I pick you up, wrap those long legs around me, beautiful.”

I happily obliged and gripped him tightly as he held me and began grinding, simulating some very public sex. When he set me down, my heart was beating triple-time and my legs were weak. I collapsed back into my seat and tried to catch my breath as my friends laughed and talked and high-fived each other. To this day I have no idea what they said. It was like I was in some trance, my mind reeling from what had just happened. I couldn’t help but think if him dry-humping me felt that good what the real thing would feel like. As he concluded his portion of the show, I made up in my mind I was going to find out. So I convinced Greer and Denise to stay with me as I waited for the club to clear out. We were two seconds from being kicked out when he finally emerged from the back of the club wearing loose-fitting jogging pants and a t-shirt. I’d never been brazen enough to approach a man before. All of my past relationships had been initiated by the man. But that night, something came over me and I walked right up to him, ignoring the other strippers who were also heading out for the night.

“Damn, who is that?” one of the other guys asked.

“I don’t know, but she fine as hell!” another said.

Wesley smiled when he realized it was him I was approaching. The other men groaned and kept walking. Wesley stopped for me.

“I enjoyed the show,” I offered as an ice-breaker. I couldn’t exactly begin with, “I wanna screw you right here, right now,” could I?

“Thanks, beautiful. I enjoyed you. Wish that shit was real.”

“It can be.”

He lifted a brow. “Oh, really now?”

“Yeah. I’ll just need a ride to wherever we’re going.” I glanced back at Denise and Greer. “I rode with my friends.”

“That’s not a problem. I’ll take you anywhere.”

I wiggled my fingers at my friends as I followed him out the door. That preview at the club had nothing on the full feature. Before we even hit climax, I knew I was already addicted to him. What I didn’t know was where that addiction would take me.





1



You know your life is careening out of control when you wake up moaning with your love pocket thrumming between your legs.

I’d had another dream, another dream about Wesley Lee Anderson, and Miss Kitty was down there acting a big-time fool. A year after finding out he not only had a wife but two kids that he and his whole family kept hidden from me for the entirety of our three-year relationship, I was still having pornographic dreams about him and his biggie-sized penis. My first error was ever deciding to have sex with him in the first place. My second error was having sex with him more than once that first night, but the first time was so good, I needed another shot of him so I could be sure it wasn’t just a fluke.

It wasn’t.

Believe me.

So then, my third error was trying to turn a hood-famous stripper into a house-husband. It never happened, because dear Wesley had a deeply-rooted vagina addiction. He loved the smell of it, the taste of it, and the feel of it, which all worked out to my advantage when he was home. The problem was, his tall, dark, impossibly fine with a huge penis ass was never home. NEVER! So I guess my current situation—being apart from him, but desperately wanting him—wasn’t so foreign to me. What was different was that I couldn’t anticipate his return. I had no expectation of him putting out the fire between my legs.

I sighed, and with my eyes still closed, reached over, opened the single drawer of the nightstand, and pulled out what I liked to call my battery-operated helper. Flicked the switch on it and listened to the little motor start, sputter, and die before I could get it under the covers.

Damn-it!

I’d forgotten to replace the batteries.

I threw my helper on the floor, rolled over onto my stomach, and snatched the sticky note that held that morning’s affirmation from my mirrored headboard.

“You are worth a world of love. Now get up and go get it!”

I crumpled the note up and threw it on the floor, too. It didn’t travel as far as my helper. Rolling over onto my back, I stared at the mirrored ceiling, recalled how my dumb ass had had it installed shortly after Wesley moved in so I could see him in action. It was like watching Picasso paint or something. He was a master at sex. I suppose that was why I was still dreaming about it. I suppose that was why I had to fight daily not to call him and request a booty call. Yes, I was addicted to him, emphasis on the dic, but I wasn’t going to let myself fall into that pit again, the pit where I did all kinds of dumb stuff to make things work with him. Things I’d criticized other women for doing—paying bills, believing lies, actual stalking. I wasn’t doing that mess ever again.

Never ever.

I sat up on the side of my bed, scowled at my helper, then reminded myself I had two whole hands full of fingers. Grinning, I headed to the shower to get some relief.





*****





My day was packed with fittings. The annual ball for a local charity was scheduled in less than a month, and after seeing the dress I designed and made for the chairperson the previous year, I was bombarded with orders for this year. The busyness was a good thing. Work was a good thing, period. The only time Miss Kitty seemed to behave as of late was when I was knee-deep in work at Crave, my boutique where I exclusively sold my own fashion creations. So I had taken to working twelve hours most days. Shoot, I even worked at home. It was when my head hit the pillow that things got hot...and wet.

I loved working at my boutique, especially when Dajha or LaRae, my two employees, worked the front and I was able to stay in the back and sew. Those days were damn near perfect for me. This was one of those days, a day full of fittings and sewing. A day where thoughts of Wes didn’t invade my weak mind.

I made it home to see my friend Denise’s old Jeep Cherokee sitting in my driveway. Sure that she had used her key to let herself in and was probably on my sofa flipping through the channels on my Roku, I was wearing a huge smile when I walked into my house. I was so happy she had popped up on me, as she was another proven distraction from thinking about Wes, but I was surprised to find her not in my living room, but in my kitchen cooking something that smelled too good.

“Hey, heifer!” she greeted me when I walked into the room and set my purse on the table.

“Whatcha cooking?” I asked.

Denise spun around from the counter with a grin on her face. “Pasta primavera!” she announced, as she set a plate on my kitchen table. “Come eat.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

Once at the table with the steaming plate of goodness in front of me, I said, “Man, this smells good! Those cooking lessons are really paying off.”

She nodded as she sat across from me and watched me eat. “Yep, best birthday present you and Greer ever gave me. I love learning to cook. It’s better than when my mom used to try to teach me. Girl, all that yelling and cursing. Geez!”

I laughed. “I think cursing is your mom’s love language.”

“She’s been cursing me for years, so I guess she must love the hell out of me. How is it?”

I clicked my fork against an empty part of the plate. “You see I’m inhaling it. It’s good!”

“Good! So how are things with you? You worked kind of late today.”

“Yeah, you know that ball is coming up. I’ve got ten dresses to make so I’m busy, and I’ll be busy for a minute.”

“Okay...how’re you feeling?”

“The same. Had another dream this morning. I don’t know, ’Nise. I’m trying to get over him, but it’s like my coochie has a muscle memory of her own, keeps reminiscing and shit. I swear I can’t get over Wes.”

Denise leaned back in her chair and sighed. “You miss him?”

“Honestly, no. I miss having sex with him. And look, I know how that sounds, but—”

She held up a hand. “I can’t judge. I was married to a Nigerian man with a Nigerian penis. Believe me, I know.”

“But you’re not waking up hot and bothered over Kevin, right? It’s like I’m a crackhead or something. I dream about it, daydream about it, when I just want to forget about it. How’d you get past it?”

“Slept with another Nigerian.”

I shook my head. “I don’t think that’s gonna work for me.”

“Don’t knock it till you try it.”

“Um, I just don’t think having random sex will fix anything. That’s how I got into the mess I’m in now.”

“Maybe you should get some sex therapy or something. I mean, isn’t this like a sex addiction?”

“I don’t think this counts. I only want to have sex with Wes. I think sex addicts will do it with anyone.”

She sighed. “That’s just love, Trevia. Can’t nothing fix that but time.”

I nodded as I took another bite. “You leaving the leftovers?”

“Hell, no!”





2



There was this one time Wes and I went out to eat at this place across town. It was a barbecue joint that we both loved. They had the best pulled pork sandwiches in the world and strawberry cake that was crazy good. The place was what one would expect of a restaurant located in the hood—raggedy chairs, mismatched cutlery, chipped frosted cups, scuffed-up linoleum floors, and only one unisex restroom with a locking door. We used to joke about the probability of the restroom being cleaner than the kitchen. It was really clean, probably the cleanest public restroom I’d ever seen.

One time, Wes and I had sex in that restroom.

We were sitting there finishing up our food when he suggested it. It was the middle of a weekday, so the place was virtually empty except for us, of course. The inattentive waitress had disappeared into the kitchen or somewhere. Wes told me he had to use the restroom then gave me a sly smile, told me to follow him, and like the blindly-in-love fool I was, I did. He did have to pee, and after standing there in the cramped quarters of that restroom watching him empty his bladder and wash his hands, I let him pull my jeans down and bend me over the sink and screw me. He had to reach around and cover my mouth with his hand to keep me from screaming, and I almost ripped the sink out of the wall. I’ll never forget how good and embarrassed I felt when we walked out of there to find a woman and her little girl waiting to use it.

That was what I dreamed about that night after Denise left to go home.

Miss Kitty was down there playing a drum cadence in my panties when I woke up, and no, I still hadn’t replaced the batteries in my helper. And I didn’t even feel like touching myself. What I wanted more than anything was to stop thinking and dreaming about a man who’d treated me like some old holey socks, something you only use when you run out of options. That was what I’d been to him, some place to lay his head and eat and sleep and have sex at when he couldn’t get along with his wife or when he got into it with one of his many other women. I was the reliable one with the nice house, good income, and excellent credit. I was a convenience for him—nothing more, nothing less. My brain understood all of this. My heart was even getting on board. My body just wouldn’t cooperate.

Maybe I really did have an addiction. If my brain and heart were in agreeance that our breakup was the best thing for me, but my body was rejecting that notion, maybe my body really was hooked on him. Or his sex. Like a drug addict who wants to do better but can’t resist the urges. I was managing to resist getting back with him, but for how long? Maybe counseling would help. Well, I doubted it would hurt.



*****



After I made it to my boutique that morning, I headed back to my sewing room and left my employee to handle the front. I grabbed my laptop and did some Internet research on sex addictions. I was pretty sure that wasn’t my problem. Dreaming about having sex with your ex wasn’t one of the symptoms. Maybe it was just that I loved him. I mean, of course I did. That was why I held on so long trying to fix an impossibly broken situation. I loved him and believed in him for a long time, and maybe because his sex was the best part of him, that was the part I kept remembering, the part that left the biggest impact on every part of me. The part I still couldn’t truly let go of.

I would just have to do what I’d been doing, occupying my mind as much as I possibly could to keep it off of him. But I had no control over my dreams.

Maybe I should sleep with someone else, replace the images of Wes with another man like Denise suggested.

I closed the laptop. No, that would only make things worse. Using sex to cope with stress was actually a sign of sex addiction. I didn’t need to slip any further down the slope of jackedupness.





3



“Trevia...damn, girl!” Wes yelled, lying between my legs, pumping swiftly.

My eyes were glued shut. My breathing was heavy. He felt so good.

I was moaning and sweating, wondering what I ever did to deserve a man so fine and handsome and sexy. I loved him, told him in between moans.

“I love you, too, girl!” he screamed once he reached climax. Then he collapsed onto my stomach, breathing loudly, his brow wet with sweat.

I wrapped my arms around him and opened my eyes, rubbed the back of his head, and looked at the sweat that wet my palm. We lay there for a few minutes before he moved to get up.

“Where are you going?” I asked, propping myself up on an elbow.

“Oh, damn. I ain’t tell you? I gotta help my moms with something real quick.”

I fell on my back and stared at myself in the mirrored ceiling. “When will you be home?”

“An hour or two.”

That was what he always said—an hour or two. What it translated to was: whenever he decided to grace me with his presence again…

I sprung up in the bed.

Another. Damn. Dream.

But at least this one didn’t turn me on. It left me mad, no, pissed. When I’m pissed, I get energized, which was a good thing since I would be working alone in the boutique that day. It was easy to hide out in the back and sew. Working the front and dealing with customers was a different thing. It wasn’t that I disliked it, it was just that it took a lot out of me having to deal with some of the people who came in looking to haggle over my prices. People love pretty things, but they don’t always want to pay the proper price for them. They would come into my place expecting to pay Walmart prices for hand-sown, one-of-a-kind pieces.

I fixed myself a quick breakfast of cheese grits and toast with cranberry juice and headed to Crave, deciding I would work on the beading of one of the ball gowns I was creating by hand while manning the cash register. Maybe that would keep my mind off of Wes.

Business was rather slow, and although it was always good to make money, I was glad. The quiet seemed to settle my mind a bit, so when my cell rang, it startled me. I checked it and saw my little sister’s name on the screen.

I accepted the call with, “Hey!”

“Hey! You still coming to the opening?”

Damn, I’d forgotten about the opening of her club in Houston. “Uhhhh...”

“Trevia! You forgot?!”

I sighed. “Things have been really hectic here at the boutique. I’m sorry, Jayla.” Plus, I’ve been obsessing over my ex, which seems to occupy the majority of my brain cells.

“But you’re coming, right?”

I squeezed my eyes shut. Jayla was three years younger than me, but a decade younger in maturity. We were both raised by our grandfather, our mother’s dad, after he sued for custody when I was six and Jayla was just three. He and our grandmother were the only parents she knew, but I could clearly remember the squalor and strife we lived in with our mentally ill mother. Her obliviousness made it easy for her to hold onto her innocence, and she took everyone at their word. I said I’d be there, and she fully expected me to no matter what. I’d never let her down before, and I never planned to. “Of course I am. Let me see if Denise can come, too.”

“And call Greer. Maybe she and her husband can come since they live here.” Her voice was lighter, animated.

“Okay, I will. See you tonight.”

“Good! I can’t wait for you to see the place. I’m so proud of it!”

“I can’t wait, either.”

After ending the call, I checked my watch. 2:00 PM. I decided to go ahead and close early since business was so slow, and head on home and prepare to drive to Houston. I wished I’d remembered in time to see if Greer could send one of her husband’s jets. Oh, well.



*****



Denise offered to drive us to my sister’s club, Plush, thank goodness. When I called and invited Greer and her husband, Derek, and gave her the address, she’d expressed that the club was in a good area of town. I was relieved to find that to be the truth. Jayla had conceived this whole club idea with her husband of a little over a year, Amir. To say that I didn’t trust him would truly be an understatement. Jayla inherited money and land from our grandfather when he died eight years earlier just like I did, but chose to sell her property and move to Houston after she got married. I begged her to sign a pre-nup because she can be too trusting, but she refused despite the fact that every other day, Amir was approaching her about some business opportunity that she’d run by me. Half of them sounded downright insane, and I told her so. The club idea had sounded crazy to me, too. I mean, Houston had plenty of night clubs, but regardless of me voicing my misgivings, the idea stuck and I was standing before the finished product. I have to say I was impressed.

The building was stark white and stood alone on the property with its own private parking lot, which was packed. A burgundy velvet robe sectioned off the entrance and there was a burgundy carpet leading from the parking lot to the door.

“Girl, this is nice!” Denise stated. “On the phone, you made it sound like we were going to some hood spot.”

“You never know with Amir’s hand in it.”

“Come on, he doesn’t seem that bad to me.”

“You’ve seen him, what? Once, twice? You don’t know him like I know him. And you know how gullible Jayla can be.”

“Wow, and this is coming from a woman who moved a stripper into her home a week after meeting him. A. Damn. Stripper, Trevia! And me and Greer begged you not to do it!”

I flung the door open and climbed out of her truck, slamming the door behind me.

Denise jumped out of her side. “Look, heifer, it ain’t my fault you can’t handle the truth, but you bet’ not break my door!”

I sighed and walked around to the front of the vehicle. “I’m sorry. I know I messed up with Wes. I just want better for my little sister.”

“Looks to me like she’s got better. Been married a year with no drama. Leave him alone, Trevia.”

I huffed all the way to the door. Denise just didn’t get it. She only had half-siblings she didn’t grow up with. She couldn’t possibly understand my bond with Jayla.

My eyes widened once we entered the club, and I fully understood why they’d named it Plush. The dimmed club was bathed in shades of cream, gold, and burgundy from the tables, to the stage, to the huge dancefloor. The booths looked overstuffed and comfortable, as did the chairs that surrounded the individual tables.

Denise nudged me. “Girl, call your sister and let her know we’re here. I can’t believe you actually paid for us to get in.”

“I’m trying to support her business efforts. Can’t do that if I don’t pay the cover charge.”

“She sent you a pass. She didn’t want you to pay.”

As I pulled my phone out of my purse and texted Jayla, I said, “Well, I wanted to pay. Hey, call and see if Greer is here.”

Ten minutes later, we joined Greer and her husband in the VIP section Jayla escorted us to. My sister was so excited, and I was more than happy to tell her I loved the place from the grown folks’ music pouring from the speakers, to the gorgeous gold wet bar that occupied an entire wall, to the VIP section upstairs.

“Amir designed everything! He wanted it to be a place where a more mature audience can come and chill. No teens allowed,” she gushed.

I nodded. That made sense since at thirty-six, Amir was older than both me and Jayla. That was another problem I had with him. He was too old for my sister. Older men tended to be controlling of younger women.

“I’m so glad you like it!” she shrieked and then scurried away to greet other club-goers.

Denise and I hugged Greer and Derek before we all took our seats at the table.

“You look so good!” I said to Greer, who was wearing a gorgeous white jumpsuit and was rocking calf-length auburn-colored braids.

“Yes, honey, that hair is everything!” Denise added.

Derek wrapped his arm around Greer’s shoulder and kissed her cheek. “My baby always kills it.”

Greer turned her head and kissed him. “Thank you.”

They were so much in love, I always found myself smiling when I was around them. They were serious relationship goals. At least they were for me.

“You two are cute, but where the hell is a waitress? Since y’all are letting us crash at your place tonight and I don’t have to drive back, I’m trying to get drunk!” Denise said, turning around in her seat, perusing the area. “Oh, there’s one. Hey!”

I shook my head while Greer and Derek laughed. But I was glad for Denise’s loud mouth when the waitress made it to our table. I was ready for a drink, too.

We were all catching up and enjoying our little reunion when Amir’s voice filled the room. I shifted my attention to the stage, where he stood wearing black slacks and a black shirt. Amir was about my height—five-ten—and muscular. He was handsome enough, I guess, with light brown skin and deep-set eyes. He was announcing the night’s first act—a local jazz singer.

I was working on drink number two when a man approached our table. Derek hopped up and greeted him with a handshake and a wide grin, so I figured he knew him. As he pulled another chair up to our table, Greer said, “Christian, these are my best friends in the world: Denise Buhari and Trevia McCall. Trevia’s sister and brother-in-law actually own this club. Ladies, this is Christian Baker, a friend of Derek’s.”

I gave the guy a smile and a hello before narrowing my eyes at Greer. She’d mentioned this friend of Derek’s before and said she thought we’d be a good match. Was this a set-up?

She gave me a sheepish look, and I rolled my eyes at her. I was on the edge of being pissed off, but it was quickly obvious to everyone at the table that Christian’s interests lay elsewhere. In seconds flat, he was all up in Denise’s face, and she was eating it up.

Thank God. I was still too screwed up in the head to be trying to talk to any man. I was happy to drink and listen to the music and people-watch. At least I wasn’t home alone with thoughts of Wes.

The jazz set lasted for about twenty minutes, and then Amir took the stage again. “I hope and trust that you all are having a good time at Plush tonight. I know I am. I’m glad to be here with my beautiful business partner, my wife, Jayla.”

There was light applause as the spotlight moved from the stage to a table in a corner. Jayla waved, and I smiled. She did look happy.

“All right, we’ve got a treat for you all tonight,” Amir said. “I present to you all, the one, the only, Nyles Adams!”

A quartet consisting of a string bass, a trumpet, a saxophone, and a drummer filed onstage. Following them, a man whose deep bronze skin seemed to glow as he stepped into the spotlight. A neat goatee and mustache framed his luscious lips. His hair was in cornrows, and he wore baggy jeans and an oversized red dashiki. He stood in the middle of the stage behind the mic stand and closed his eyes as the quartet began to play a mid-tempo tune that made you want to tap your feet to it. Then he raised a finger, and the music stopped.

He opened his eyes and in the eerie quietness that now filled the building, began to speak into the microphone:

“Sister, may I entreat you to open your ears to my words? May I request a modicum of your time, a mere fragment of your attention? May I impress you with my command of the man’s language? Or would it be acceptable for me to share the secrets of the ancestors, the truth that is concealed and unrevealed?

“Can I inform you that royalty resides between your brown thighs? Can I have a conversation with your chest, your breasts that were formed to nourish a nation? Can I feed on your bounty? Can I gain the carnal knowledge of your soul?

“Can I share your bed, give you head until we’re both dead…to this world so full of lies and blind eyes and demands and supplies?

“Sister…sister, will you agree to let me see beneath...beneath the assimilation, over the appropriation, past the expostulation, and voice my adjuration?

“Sister, I need from you desegregation of our two nations. We need reconciliation. My tribe the key. Yours the lock…Yours the lock…Mine a rock. Fitted, fitted, ohhhhh, fitted to your cocksure essence.

“Sister...

“Sister...

“Sister...

“Sister.”

The music resumed, and deafening applause and cheers filled my ears. There I sat riveted, my eyes glued to this man, my ears vibrating from his words, and Miss Kitty? Well, it felt like she was down there jumping rope.





4



I drove Denise’s car to Greer’s house since she took off with Christian. Lying in the guest bedroom, my mind was filled with the sound of Nyles Adams’ voice. It was as if every word and phrase of his thirty-minute spoken word set was engraved in my mind. His poetry was so full of life and soul and sensuality, I had to fight not to join the long line of admirers who flocked to the stage when he was done. I wasn’t going to let Miss Kitty rule me again. I wasn’t going to repeat the same mistakes I made with Wes. No more picking up performers in clubs for me.

A soft knock came at the door, pulling me from my thoughts. “Yes? Come in,” I called, certain it was Greer.

Greer stuck her head in the door, then slipped inside the room wearing cotton pajamas with her hair pulled back from her face. She gave me a sheepish look as she sat at the foot of the bed. “You comfy?” she asked.

“Yeah, I’m fine. Thanks again for letting me crash.”

“No problem. And forgive me. If I’d been thinking, I would’ve sent the jet to Dallas for you and had you driven from the airfield here. I’m just so damn forgetful lately...”

“Oh, girl, I forgot about the opening. Had a lot on my mind…”

“Still having the dreams?”

“Yeah, but I don’t want to ruin tonight talking or thinking about that. I’m so proud of Jayla. The club is phenomenal.”

“Yes, I love it! She and Amir did a great job designing the place, and the ambience is just right.”

“Hmm.”

“You still don’t like him?”

“I don’t trust him. There’s a difference.”

Greer sighed and stood from the bed. “Well, I’m not going to change your mind about him tonight. If you need anything, you know where the kitchen is, and you have your own bathroom.”

“Okay, thanks.”

She made it to the door and turned to face me. “And I’m sorry about ambushing you with Christian.”

“Girl, it’s okay. He barely even glanced at me. That’s all Denise.”

“I know! But still, you said you weren’t interested when I mentioned him before, so I know you knew what I was tryna do.”

“It’s okay, really.”

“Good. Well, I’ma head to bed.”

As she left, I added, “Please keep in mind that I have no man and no earplugs. I ain’t trying to hear you and the CEO get busy.”

She grinned. “Duly noted.”





*****



I woke up in the middle of the night. Unable to recall a dream this time and not feeling the after-effects of one, either, I figured I was reacting to sleeping in a bed other than my own. I lay there staring into the darkness and surrounded by complete silence, and for some reason, started thinking about my mother, who was gorgeous, flawless in every way, and up until a brain injury from a wreck, a good mother to me and Jayla. That brain injury took away her impulse control and her ability to think rationally, and when she returned home from the hospital, she was a different person. There were men in and out of the house, and then one day she just disappeared. By the time her father found us, we hadn’t had any food to eat for days.

Granddaddy was single, had lived with but never married our mother’s mother who was a very sweet lady. She died a few years after me and Jayla moved in with them. He was good to us, but he spoiled us, too. And our mother? He ended up putting her in an assisted living facility, which was where she’d been living ever since. I couldn’t remember the last time I visited her. I needed to do better with that.

I wasn’t sure why she was on my mind other than the fact that after things went south with Wes—his using me and frequent disappearing acts—I started wishing Granddaddy had better prepared me for men. Instead, he stayed away from that subject altogether. I think he just wanted me and Jayla to stay little girls forever, and in a lot of ways, Jayla did. So trusting and blindly in love with Amir. I knew I was beating a dead horse, but I really hoped she didn’t get hurt.

My mind shifted from my family to the club, the atmosphere, the poet.

The poet.

Miss Kitty jumped into action at the thought of him.

Shit.

He was gorgeous, handsome, magnetic, and his words…oh, his words were the sexiest thing I’d ever heard in my life. I wondered what types of things he said during sex. Or was he the silent type, the type who only filled the room with his breathing? Or was he a moaner?

I squeezed my legs together, told myself to stop it. Asked myself what was wrong with me.

I lay there for a second or two, trying to redirect my thoughts, then grabbed my phone which was next to me on the bed, and clicked on the Facebook app. I searched for Nyles Adams, found his public artist page, and perused his pictures while slipping my hand under the sheet.





5





“I had a horrible night,” Denise said as she weaved through the traffic on I-45 on the way back to Dallas the next day.

“What happened?” I asked.

“When he asked if I wanted to go to his place so we could talk some more, he meant it. He actually meant it. Like, all he wanted to do was talk!”

“Uh…is that a bad thing?”

“Yes! It is! Do you have any idea how long it’s been since I had sex with someone other than myself? Girl, I’m about to die. I was expecting some sex, not conversation!”

“Well, is his conversation that bad?” I asked.

“No, he’s really smart and nice and everything. But I didn’t need smart and nice. I needed dirty and nasty.”

“’Nise, how many times have we complained about men only wanting sex and not trying to get to know us as people? You’re mad at the man for being respectful?”

“I’m not mad—I wasn’t mad. I was just disappointed.”

“I hope you didn’t act a fool with him.”

“No…shit, I don’t think I did. After about thirty minutes of talking, when I realized nothing was going to happen, I faked being tired and went to bed.”

“And then what happened?”

“Nothing, just like I told you. He gave me his bed, and he slept on the sofa. I took an Uber to Greer’s before he woke up.”

“Wow.”

“What? I left a note with my number on it.”

I shook my head. “You’re always talking about sorry-ass men, and a good one comes along and you act like this.”

She didn’t reply.

“You ain’t got nothing to say now, huh?”

“I’m trying to concentrate on this road.”

“Mm-hmm.”



*****



“I hate that you left. You should’ve stayed and come back to the club Saturday night,” Jayla lamented.

I adjusted my phone on my ear. “Well, I rode with Denise, and she had to get back. I really enjoyed myself, though. I’m so proud of you.”

“Thank you! But Amir did most of the work. Plush is really his baby, his vision.”

“Well...be sure to let him know I like it. He did a great job.”

“I will!” she chirped. I was sure I’d made her day. She wanted so badly for me to like him. I still didn’t, though.

“He picked the acts, too?” I asked.

“Yes! Which was your favorite? I personally loved the jazz singer. She was awesome!”

“She was. Um, I enjoyed the poet, too.”

“Oh, yes! He’s a bit of a local celebrity. The women love Nyles.”

“I bet. You guys should make him a regular act since he has so many fans.”

“We’re working on that. Only problem is he stays booked up. We were barely able to get him for opening night. I think he’ll be in Dallas next Saturday at Club Tribe.”

I almost jumped out of my bed. “Really?”

“Yeah.”

“Hmm.”

“Well, I gotta go. Love you, Trevvie,” she said, using the name she’d given me as a little girl when she couldn’t correctly pronounce Trevia.

“Love you, too, Jayla.”



*****



I needed help. I was sure of it, because I had spent three whole days holed up in the back of my boutique pretending to sew when I was really on the Internet researching Nyles Adams to no avail. Well, I actually did find some information about him—a website where you could buy CDs and DVDs of his spoken word performances (I ordered a copy of each in each format), his public Twitter and Instagram accounts, and a couple of YouTube videos of him performing at clubs or poetry slams. From his bio, I gleaned his age, twenty-nine, and that he was a native of Houston, but I couldn’t find out anything personal like if he was married or had kids or was straight or gay—the pertinent stuff. Well, I did notice he wasn’t wearing a wedding ring in any of the pictures I found, so good. But it was frustrating to me that in the age of information, this man was proving to be so enigmatic. Frustrating and intriguing, and well, sexy.

That next Saturday, the same day he was to perform at Club Tribe here in Dallas, I sat and stared at the pictures on his Instagram page for hours. Him with various fans, him onstage, him modeling a t-shirt for sale on his website that read:

Martin marched.

Malcolm compelled.

Ali fought.

Nyles speaks.

He was cocky as hell. I could tell that not just from the shirt, but by looking at the pictures of him. His smile, his poses, the look in his eyes all said, “I know I’m the shit.”

I liked that.

That was a byproduct of having been raised by my grandfather who wore a suit every time he left the house—a suit and a fedora. He was a ladies’ man until the day he died. He loved the ladies, and they definitely loved him.

Nyles speaks.

Damn, I wanted one of those shirts.





6



Club Tribe was located in a not-so-good neighborhood in a tiny building, not much larger than a regular-sized McDonald’s restaurant. I had to stand in line for nearly an hour before I could get in, even though I had bought the VIP tickets in advance, and that pissed me off and also let me know what kind of establishment I was dealing with. So I wasn’t surprised when I got to my table, the one they assigned me when I paid that ridiculous price for my ticket, to find two people sitting at it. And I’m using the word people loosely.

“Excuse me!” I shouted over the music as they sat there pretending they didn’t see my five-foot, ten-inch tall, red dress-wearing behind standing in front of them.

It was two women with multicolored hair and matching nails wearing similar but not quite identical emoji dresses. One smacked her lips and rolled her neck and eyes, then said, “You excused.”

I should’ve brought Denise. One look from her and these heifers would’ve already been gone.

I shoved my clutch under my arm and put my hands on my hips. “This is my table.”

Miss Attitude’s friend flapped her hand at me. “This is Tribe. Ain’t no assigned seats up in here.”

I pointed to the sign sitting in the middle of the table. “Can you not read? Do you not know what reserved means?”

They both fixed their eyes on anything and everything but me, with smirks on their heavily made-up faces.

I narrowed my eyes at them and then noticed a waitress at the next table. I walked over to her. “Excuse me. Sorry to bother you, but can you direct me to the manager? I paid for a VIP table, and it’s occupied.”

The waitress looked around me at the table and shook her head. “Shit, them again?” She sighed as she approached my table. “Y’all know y’all didn’t pay for this table. Get on up before I have to get Omar.”

Both of them dropped the attitudes. I had no idea who Omar was, but they definitely didn’t want to see him, because Thing One was as meek as a lamb as she said, “But the place is packed. We’ll never find another seat!”

The waitress stared at them for a second, and they both grabbed their purses and stomped away.

“Thanks,” I said.

“No problem. They know better. Always tryna get over. You want anything to drink?”

“Yes, I’d love a blackberry mojito.”

“What kind of liquor goes in that?”

I frowned. “Uh...rum, I think.” Was I going to have to give her the damn recipe?

“We got rum…”

Wow.

I sighed. “Fine.”

She left, and I sat on the uncomfortable, unstable, cafe-style chair at my table front and center before the stage and started second-guessing my decision to come here. I glanced at the crowd and decided Tribe had far surpassed its fire code capacity. Beyond the small, four-table VIP section, there were people crowded around other tables and standing against the black-painted walls and between the barstools at the tiny bar. There were even people sitting on the floor. How did this club manage to book someone like Nyles Adams?

That thought didn’t take long to marinate before I heard a loud commotion coming from somewhere near the entrance. People started rushing toward it, and I didn’t have to turn around to know it was a fight. A fight and a fire were the only things that sent black people running like that, and I hadn’t heard anyone scream, “Fire!” All I could do was sit there and be ready to duck under the table if anyone started shooting.

I shouldn’t have come here.

The last time I’d stepped foot in a place even remotely as rachet as this was back in high school when Denise and Greer and me snuck out of my window during a sleepover to go to a club called Frenchy’s. Once had been enough.

I knew I needed to leave, but a quick glance toward the suspected fight showed me the entrance was blocked.

Shit.

They need to sell t-shirts that say, “I went to Club Tribe on a Saturday night and made it out alive.”

Feedback from a microphone filled the club and took my attention. My eyes widened at the sight of Nyles Adams onstage. Alone, no band. He was wearing skinny black jeans and a black hoodie with Trayvon Martin’s face emblazoned on it. He looked just like his pictures—deep bronze skin, neat goatee and mustache, but instead of cornrows, his hair was in a curly afro that made him resemble the R&B singer, Lloyd. As a matter of fact, the two of them could’ve passed for brothers, only Nyles was taller than him. His eyes were closed as he clutched the microphone. For the first time since I’d arrived, I felt my body relax as I gave him my full attention.

As he began to speak, a hush fell over the room:

“I remember back in the day when Nickelodeon was the shit, and the deepest thing in the world was a Badu tune. I was just a kid, but I remember.

“I remember back in the day, when OJ got away. When Jordan used to play. When Oprah ruled the day.

“Shit, I remember when I was yay high, and Maxwell would sing about the highest high and Shaggy’s ass told that lie. ‘It wasn’t me,’ was his alibi.

“Remember Pac and Biggie? I was just a little kiddie, didn’t know a nickel from a penny. Had no idea that Naomi was so pretty.

“There was this one time, my mama was watching Good Times. I thought Willona was fine, but I didn’t understand her lines.

“Old shit is the new shit. The best shit is the through shit. We need to bring back the days, the nights, the years of Neo Soul and head wraps, black pride over dead presidents. I miss what I never had. I want what was never mine. I wanna be a kid again. Maybe then I’ll understand this world I’m living in.

“Maybe then I can settle down, not be lost but found. But right now, I’m stumbling in a haze of mumble rap and Instagram fame, foreign hair and body shame.

“But as long as I remember…I damn sure won’t forget.”

He opened his eyes, stared at the quiet room, and then bowed his head. Dotted applause followed, soon morphing into cheers and louder applause. I clapped my hands and smiled, now fully realizing what that t-shirt meant.

When Nyles speaks, people listen.

Even in a ratchet little club, people listen. He had just broken that fight up without even raising his voice. That was so powerful to me, powerful and sexy. Miss Kitty was just as impressed as I was.

My VIP ticket included a meet-and-greet with Nyles. He was supposed to come to each of the four tables and chat for a while, but the little melee changed that. After his set, it was announced that for safety reasons, there would be no meet-and-greet. I understood why, but my sense of understanding didn’t quell my disappointment. I had so looked forward to meeting him. Instead, I ended up navigating my way through the crowd, trying not to slip on or trip over the plastic cups and cigarette butts that littered the floor as I made my way out the door, hoping and praying my car would still be in one piece when I reached it.

I enjoyed Nyles, of course, but I was extremely happy to get out of Club Tribe alive.





7





“Open this door, Trevia!”

I was half asleep and half awake, lying on my sofa. It was a Monday, the only day the boutique was closed besides Sunday. I sat up and glanced around my living room trying to figure out if I’d dreamed the banging on my door and the angry voice that accompanied it.

“Trevia! Open the door!”

It wasn’t a dream. Wesley was really at my door yelling like a lunatic.

I shot to my feet, rushed to the door, and screamed, “Wes, leave before I call the cops!”

“Let me in!”

“No! Go away!”

“Trevia! Trevia, come on, baby!”

“No! Go!”

Silence.

I sighed heavily and just stood there staring at the door, waiting to hear his car start and back out of the driveway. I wanted him to leave me the hell alone.

Instead, I heard him say, “Trevia, I need to talk to you. Let me in,” in a much calmer voice.

“No,” I said, my own voice calmer.

“Can we talk through the door then?”

I didn’t reply.

“I’m sorry, Trevia. I was wrong. I was so wrong, and I miss you. I miss you, baby.”

This was the first time since our break-up that he’d apologized to me. I rested my back on the door and slid to the floor.

“Baby, I’ve been so miserable without you.”

I rested my head against the door. “You’re lying. You never cared about me. You used me. You lied to me.”

“I do care. I’m just a messed up dude, baby. Got mommy issues or something. You know my mama used to ho’ around. I don’t know…I just do dumb shit, but I love you. You’re the only woman I’ve ever loved.”

“What about your wife? I’m sure you love her, don’t you?”

“I never loved her. I don’t even know why I married her. I shoulda waited until I found you.”

I just shook my head.

“I know you don’t believe me, but I’ve changed. Since I lost you, I’ve changed. All that messing around and other shit I did? That’s over. I’m ready to be the man you deserve.”

“You’re right. I don’t believe you.”

“I filed for divorce.”

I gasped softly.

“And I’m in counseling.”

I gasped again.

“Will you let me in?”

I wanted to. I really did, but I promised myself I wouldn’t deal with him ever again, and no matter how good his voice sounded or how badly I missed him, I knew he couldn’t be trusted. “I can’t, Wes.”

“Okay, I can understand that. I’ll just have to prove I’m serious, that I’m not lying. I’ma prove it to you, baby. I’ma get you back. I love you.”

I sat there for a minute before I finally heard him start his car and back out of my driveway.



*****



“Will you please tell me what the entire hell is going on with you and Denise?” Greer shouted into the phone the next morning. I’d arrived at the boutique early, determined to catch up on all the work I’d pretended to do the previous week.

“What are you talking about?”

“Denise called me early this morning sounding all pitiful, telling me about you going to some club without her on Saturday.”

“What?”

“Evidently, her cousin Jamelle saw you there, told her you were sitting in the VIP section.”

“Damn, really? I just can’t have a life, huh?”

“No.”

I sighed as I began cutting into a piece of fabric. “I just wanted to go to the club by myself. Since when did that become a crime?”

“Since Greer got married and left us here. We’re all we got!”

I set my scissors down. “Denise?”

“Yes!”

“What kind of high school shit is this? You had Greer call me on three-way but not tell me you were on here for what? What did you think I was gonna do? Talk shit about you behind your back? And Greer, really?”

“Hell, my mind is jacked up right now. I’ve had a damn stomach flu for a month and I can’t remember shit. I was weak and tired when she asked me to do this. Sounded logical at the time,” Greer said.

I rolled my eyes. “I swear the both of you are nuts.”

“Why didn’t you tell me you were going to the club, Trevia? I would’ve gone with you.” Denise was actually whining into the phone.

“’Nise! You didn’t miss out on anything. The club was tiny and musty and ratchet as hell! I barely made it out of there alive. You should thank me for not inviting you.”

“Why the hell you go somewhere like that? Shit, that sounds like Frenchy’s.” Denise said.

“Aw, I remember Frenchy’s! They had that raggedy-ass Eiffel Tower fountain out in front of the place,” Greer reminded us.

I laughed. “And they had that old, water-damaged wooden folding table that was supposed to be a bar!”

“And the damn bartender was that mean-ass old lady who sat in a chair behind the table selling 40s,” Greer added.

We all screamed laughing into the phone.

“Girl, what the hell were you doing in a place like that with your bougie ass?” Denise asked.

“Promise not to judge me?”

“Yeah,” they both said.

“I went to see that poet from Jayla’s club.”

“Oh…why would we judge you for that?” Greer asked, sounding genuinely confused.

“Duh, she didn’t go to a club in the ‘hood because she likes poetry. She likes the poet,” Denise said.

“Ohhh,” was Greer’s response. “I told you I can’t think.”

“You weren’t lying. You might wanna get that checked out,” said Denise.

“Screw you, ’Nise.”

“Damn, forgetful and mean as hell.”

“Hey! Back to me!” I yelled into the phone.

“Right. So you like him. What’s wrong with that?” Greer asked.

“He’s a performer. Feels like I’m repeating old mistakes, but I like him. There’s just something about him…”

“He’s cute as hell. I don’t usually go for the hipster, deep-thinking types, but he’s definitely attractive,” Denise offered. “You could do worse.”

“Oh, it’s not like I’ve met him or anything. It’s more of a crush. But I do enjoy his performances. And don’t laugh, but I feel a connection to him. It felt like he was talking to me the whole time he was onstage. He’ll be at Halo here in Dallas this Saturday. I think I’m going. You wanna come with, ’Nise?”

“So now you wanna invite me?”

“I was embarrassed! Here I am, thirty-one, fangirling over a guy. It’s silly…but it’s kind of fun, too.”

“Of course I’ll come with you, heifer! I hear Halo is a nice joint. And don’t be keeping stuff from us. We’ve all seen each other do dumb stuff in the past, and it didn’t change our friendship. Liking a guy who’s talented and seems to be halfway intelligent is nothing to be ashamed of. He ain’t no stripper.”

“You’re right,” I said, feeling silly about keeping my feelings for Nyles a secret.

“Good, now that you two maniacs have made up, I’m going back to bed. Talk to you later,” Greer said.

“Bye, Greer,” Denise and I said in unison.





8





I don’t believe in accidents.

I don’t believe in luck.

I don’t believe in happenstance or coincidences, either. What I do believe in is master plans, planets aligning, and destiny. I believe in reaping and sowing. I believe in karma. I believe in fate.

When I stepped into that jacked-up club last Saturday night, my first thought was to call my manager and curse his old ass out. I hadn’t performed in a place like that in years. When I first started out, I’d go anyplace and perform for any fee. Shit, there were a couple of times I got paid in hot wings and beer. But that was then, and this is now. Now, I commanded $2000 a show. I was surprised that place could afford me, but they had paid up front, weeks in advance actually. And anyway, I couldn’t curse him out because he was my uncle.

When I stepped out of my car, I shook my head and started to climb back into it and head back to my hotel room, but there was a line of folks around the damn corner, and I wasn’t one to let my fans down. I knew they spent their money and got dressed up to hear me speak. So I went on inside. When the fight broke out, I stepped onstage and started the show. Halfway through my second piece, I saw her—red dress, dark skin, cat-like eyes.

Shit, she was beautiful.

There she sat in the front, staring at me with those eyes, her hair in a big-ass afro. She was perfection, a damn work of art. She looked out of place, like a bottle of Cristal sitting in a convenience store cooler next to some Old E. She didn’t belong there, but she was there.

Fate.

Destiny.

Providence.

Or as my Aunt Thelma would say, a God-fixed plan.

I performed for her, only her, after I spotted her. And when it was time to meet and greet, I was going to get her number. I was going to ask her to leave with me. I was going to take her home—mine or hers, it didn’t matter—and make love to her. Not a one-night stand. No. I was going to make her mine, because I knew from the moment I saw her that she had been made for me, made to love me just like I was made to love her.

I had never felt something so strongly in my life. That was my woman sitting there. She was my woman.

But the manager of the club announced there would be no meet-and-greet before he even ran the change by me. By then, my manager had showed up and heard about the fight that broke out before I took the stage and told the manager to make the announcement. He didn’t want his meal ticket getting hurt. And I couldn’t argue with the fact that the place wasn’t safe, so I agreed to skip the meet-and-greet, but only after I talked to her.

Because I had to talk to her.

When I reached her table, she was already gone.

Fate put her at that table, in that shack of a club, on that night. I would have to trust fate to help me find her again.





9





As I pulled my car into a parking space, I breathed a sigh of relief. Halo was located in a much nicer part of town, and judging from the other vehicles crowding the lot, it catered to a more refined clientele. As Denise climbed out of the passenger seat looking gorgeous as always in a figure-hugging black dress, she said, “This ain’t no Frenchy’s. That’s for sure. No wonder the cover charge is so high!”

“Well, the special event cover charge is always more expensive at these clubs.”

“Yeah, but still. Shit!”

“I told you, I got you.”

“I’m glad you do. But I’m just saying, this dude better poetry his ass off.”

I hollered laughing. Denise was truly a nut case, but I loved her for it. “He’s worth it, girl. Don’t you remember how good he was at Plush?”

“I saw him, but you know I was preoccupied that night.”

“Oh, yeah…”

Once inside, we settled at our table, and Denise said, “Front and center. You ain’t playing, huh? How much was this table?”

I shrugged. “They said the tables were first come, first served. That’s why we’re here so early. But if I could’ve paid extra to sit here and see him, I would have.”

We ordered drinks, chatted about what was basically a very friendly telephoneship she was developing with Christian, and sat through a mediocre local R&B band. I was itching to see Nyles but I was happy Denise was with me, and I felt much safer in Halo than I had in Tribe. If Tribe was a dumpster, Halo was the dumpster’s castle. The walls were pearl white, as were the tables and chairs, which complemented the shiny black floor. Crystal chandeliers hung from the ceiling giving the club a regal and elegant ambience. After the band left the stage, a tall candelabra with tapered white candles was brought out and placed next to the gold microphone stand. When the familiar quartet members stepped onto the stage and took their places, my heart jumped with anticipation. I glanced down at my white pants and black and white swirl-patterned tunic, crossed my ankles under the table, and leaned forward.

Seconds later, the MC walked onstage, and said, “Ladies and gentlemen, I do hope you are enjoying your time at Halo so far tonight,” into the microphone. The short, stocky man waited for light applause to dissipate and continued: “I promise you, things are only going to get better. Ladies and gentlemen, brothers and sisters, I give you, Brother Nyles Adams!”

The applause was more enthusiastic this time. Shoot, I was so excited, I was a second from jumping out of my seat and yelling.

He was wearing a black Adidas track suit and a white Bob Marley t-shirt. The quartet played a rather peppy tune as he walked across the stage and took his place behind the mic. He closed his eyes for a moment as the quartet continued to play. Holding up a finger, he opened his eyes as the music stopped. Either I was crazy, or he was looking at me. Not just at me, but through me. His gaze made me feel naked and exposed, and although I wanted to look away from him, I couldn’t. I just couldn’t.

A smile played at the corners of his mouth, revealing deep dimples as he began to speak. “I remember the first time I saw you. It wasn’t that long ago. You were sitting in the middle of hell looking like heaven. Fine, beautiful—no, regal. Royalty came to the hood that night, gracing the subjects with her presence. Robed in rouge, the lady in red in the flesh. You snatched me off that stage and put me in your bed, sat on my face—your throne. For hours I tongue kissed your essence, pleased you, squeezed the juices from your damn soul as you screamed and moaned. Made love to you on your imperial bed, made you my wife, my wife in my head, made you yell loud enough to wake the damn dead.

“Shit, it was love at first sight with the lady in red that night…”

I was transfixed as he pulled the microphone from the stand and began descending the steps in front of the stage. Several ladies could be heard squealing or yelling his name. My eyes followed him as he walked the few paces from the steps to the table next to mine, grabbed a chair, and set it across from me at my table. My eyes widened when he sat in the chair, smiled at me, and continued to speak:

“So damn pretty was the lady in red, skin like onyx, eyes like a feline, arched back, nine lives with Nyles inside. Everything I’ve ever dreamed of, but could never find until that night in the middle of war. Fists flying and tongues lying, but in the midst was an oasis in red, my emancipation, my preoccupation, my everything. The only one to wear my ring. I want to give you all I have to bring.

“You might be wearing black and white tonight, but you will always be my lady in red, the one who made my heart take flight.”

He placed the microphone on the table, reached for my hand, and kissed it. Then he stood and walked around to me, squatting beside me as the crowd erupted in loud applause and the quartet began to play again. “I’m Nyles,” he shouted over the din.

With my eyes glued to his, I said, “Trevia.”

As he grabbed the mic and trotted back to the stage, Denise said, “Well, damn.”



*****



I didn’t hear a word he said from that point on, because I was confused and delighted. The poem was about me, right? I was the lady in red, wasn’t I? I was wearing red at Tribe, and wasn’t he talking about my eyes? My grandfather used to call them cat eyes, too, said I had catlike ways as well, hard to please, quiet, and I’ve always loved attention when I was in the mood for it.

After his set, I half-listened as Denise went on and on about his show—how good it was, how good the quartet was, how powerful his words were in one particular poem.

“…and I love how animated he was one minute and subdued the next, depending on the tone of the poem,” Denise continued.

“Yeah…me, too,” I agreed.

“And the way he uses his hand and pretends to write in the air sometimes while he’s speaking? That’s hot!”

“Yeah...I told you he was good,” I said absently.

“Girl, he is better than good! I see why you been stalking his ass!”

I frowned, giving her my full attention. “You really think I’ve been stalking him? You think he thinks that, too?”

“Trevia, you know I’m playing. You okay?”

“I don’t know. I think...I think that first poem was about me. I was wearing a red dress at Tribe.”

“Well, I figured it was about you when he started talking about cat eyes and then came and kissed your hand and stuff, but I didn’t know about the dress. I thought he was just free-styling that part. Wow, he remembered you. Now I’m even more impressed.”

“You really think that’s it? Or am I just imagining things?” I asked, looking at my empty glass, trying to decide if I wanted another drink.

“Well, we’re about to find out, because here his sexy ass comes.”

My head snapped up in time to see Nyles approaching our table again. I let my eyes roam his body as he reclaimed the seat he’d abandoned earlier. He wasn’t much taller than me, but then again, I was very tall for a woman at five-ten. His bronze skin was smooth, his eyebrows—bushy, his neat goatee and mustache still framing kissable lips, his dark eyes piercing as they captured mine. Once seated, he leaned forward and flashed that dimpled smile, lifting an eyebrow while resting his long-fingered hands on the table. He didn’t say a word. Neither did I. We just stared at each other for a minute or so as the noise of the club—music, voices, glasses thudding against tables, chairs scooting across the floor, body’s moving on the dancefloor—swirled around us. I wanted to touch him, to see if he was real.

“I’m Denise, Trevia’s friend.” Denise offered him her hand and he took it, placing a feather light kiss on the back of it.

“Nyles Adams.”

“Well, Nyles, you’re the bomb. But I bet you already know that.”

“Thank you,” he replied, releasing her hand and shifting his eyes from her to me.

“I’m gonna go find the ladies’ room and get me another drink. Be right back,” Denise said to no one in particular.

After she left, he smiled at me, and said, “I’m so glad I finally found you.”

I frowned slightly. “You’ve been looking for me?”

“All my life.”

I shook my head and chuckled. “Wow, okay. Was that the best you could come up with, Mr. Poet?”

He leaned back in his chair and cocked his head to the side. “It’s not a line, Queen. It’s the truth. I’ve been looking for someone, my one, since I knew I was a boy and that I liked girls…and you’re it.”

“How do you know that? That I’m it?”

“Because you’ve been in my thoughts and dreams since I laid eyes on you a week ago, been imagining what you feel like, taste like, sound like when I hit your spot just right. How it would feel for you to wrap those long legs around me...”

“So you think you can hit my spot just right?”

He straightened his posture. “Oh, I’m sure of it.”

I leaned forward, surprised I was able to compose myself so well, because all of the shit he was talking was turning me on. “You have no idea what it takes to please me.”

The corner of his lip curved up in a lopsided grin. “I know exactly what it takes, Queen. I’m what it takes to please you.”

I reclined a bit in my chair. “Well, you’ll never know, because I’m looking for someone who has more to offer than just sex. I can get sex anywhere.”

“Shit, so can I. I’m not talking about just sex. I’m talking about mating, cohabitating, eternal bonds. You know, that soul mate shit. That’s what you and I have.”

With raised eyebrows, I asked, “You’re saying we’re soul mates?”

“Don’t you agree? Isn’t that why you came here tonight?”

“I came to see the show. I enjoy your performances.”

“That’s it?”

“Should there be another reason?”

“Yes. You’re here because you want me to fuck you.”

I stared at him. “I thought you wanted more than that from me.”

“I’m not talking about what I want. I’m talking about what you want. You want me to fuck you. I can tell.”

I smirked. “You are so full of yourself.”

He grinned. “That wasn’t a denial.”

“It wasn’t an admission, either.”

He stood and stepped closer to me, reached for my hand. “Dance with me.”

I took his hand and allowed him to lead me onto the dancefloor. It was at that moment that I took note of the song playing—Close to You by Dreezy and T-Pain. It was a slow tune, and he would have to hold me. I wasn’t sure if that was a good thing. I wanted him to hold me, but I wasn’t sure if that was a good thing, either. With me in my low heels, we were exactly the same height, so that would put him at six-one.

Nice.

He smelled good, too. And he felt good. Cheek to cheek, we swayed to the music, and I closed my eyes. I was lost in the moment when he turned his head and whispered, “You feel good, but I knew you would,” into my ear.

“Is that part of a poem?” I asked in reply.

He stopped dancing and looked me in the eye. “No, it’s how I feel. Not everything with me is a performance.”

“But that poem was, right? All of that ‘lady in red’ stuff?”

“No, Trevia.”

Shit, my name sounded good on his conceited lips.

“So those were your actual feelings...for someone?”

“You know that poem was about you.”

“But it was a performance. You wrote it, practiced it—”

He resumed dancing, pressed his lips to my ear, and said, “Baby, I freestyled that shit. I saw you last week, wanted to holler at you but you left before I could, been thinking about you ever since. When I walked out on that stage tonight and saw your long-legged ass, I forgot every damn word of the piece I was supposed to perform and made that shit up on the fly, because it was what I was feeling right at that moment.”

“Are you still feeling those things for me?”

“Does this tell you how I feel?” He stopped dancing again, cupped my face in his hands, and kissed my lips while caressing the sides of my neck with his fingers.

Feeling a little woozy when he removed his lips from mine, I whispered, “Yeah.”





10





“Well?” Denise said once we were in my car. The club was still packed, and the thumping music could still be heard from the parking lot.

“Well, what?” I asked, as I started the car.

“What’s up? You exchange numbers?”

“No.”

“Why not? I saw the way you two were looking at each other, kissing each other...”

“He kissed me.”

“Mm-hmm.”

“He’s too cocky,” I said, as I pulled out of the club’s parking lot.

“You like cocky just as much as you like expensive shit, barbecue, and seafood. You also like tall and handsome. Seems to me he’s exactly what you want in a man.”

“Yeah, he’s definitely everything I want but nothing that I need. He’s too similar to Wes. Handsome, popular, full of himself. If I start up with Nyles, I might as well hook back up with Wes. At least then I’d know what I was getting into. No, I’m gonna leave it where it is.”

“You’re serious? You’ve been following this man from show to show, and you finally get his attention and you’re dropping it?”

“You make it sound like I’ve been traveling the world following him for years. I went to three of his shows, the first of which I didn’t even know he’d be at.”

“I’m just saying. You like him. You know you do.”

“Yeah, well...liking him is not enough. I like me, too. I like me enough to spare myself the grief that’s going to come from being with him.”

“Okay, but what did you tell him? Because I know he asked for your number or something. He was really into you.”

“I told him if he wants my number, he’ll have to earn it.”

“Earn it? All right now, Olivia Pope. So what did he say to that?”

“He gave me a business card with his cell on the back, told me he’d be at some club in Austin next weekend. Said he hoped to see me there.”

“You going?”

“I don’t think so, ’Nise. I’ve got to take care of me. Fooling around with him is only going to hurt me in the long run.”

“I hear you.”





11





Dear Trevia,



You have been on my mind a lot lately. I keep thinking about your eyes. How when I first saw you, I’ll admit it was your body that I was focused on. I’d never seen a woman so tall and slim with hips and an ass like yours. But later, it was your eyes that got me. I’d never seen eyes like that on a dark-skinned woman before. I know that probably sounds ignorant, but it’s true. At first I even thought you were wearing contacts like me. Baby, when you would look at me with those eyes sometimes, it felt like you could see my soul. It made me uncomfortable, like you could see through my lies or something. That was one of the reasons I was gone so much. Not that it’s your fault. I was just a messed up person, Trevia, and you deserved better from me. You deserved the world. You still do. I hope you’ll forgive me one day. But even if you don’t, I want you to know I love you. Always have. Always will. I put a copy of my divorce papers in the envelope with this letter. I’m a free man, now.



Love,

Wes



I stared down at the letter I found in my mailbox and sighed.





12



I sat backstage listening to my quartet bicker about the best version of some song I’d never heard of. They were called Mood Music, and we’d all known each other since back in college. They were my best friends in the world, and they accompanied me to nearly every performance. I always shared part of my fee with them. Carlos, Dram, DeRay, and Pete all had other jobs, so playing in the quartet was more of a hobby for them while spoken word was my main gig.

I sat in the chair and stared down at the J’s on my feet, a black 1999 retro pair I’d payed more than $700 for. It was a stupid-ass purchase I’d made a year earlier at a trade show. A stupid-ass purchase I’d made that belonged on a long list of other stupid shit I’d done in my life. Some of that stuff I wished I could take back, but some of it had worked out. Some of those stupid decisions had accidentally turned out to be good decisions.

Signing with my Uncle Marl, who used to manage a couple of semi-successful Houston rap groups back in the day, and letting him be my manager was stupid because he had a gambling problem, but as it turned out, he took good care of me, booked some great shows for me and over the past three years, had helped me make some good money. On the other hand, he also made some bad decisions from time to time, like booking me at Tribe the other week, and here tonight at this little-ass place in Austin. A quick peek had shown me there was barely anyone there. It was times like these I was glad I got paid up front. And the club wasn’t even really in Austin; it was in some small town a few miles away from Austin. I hoped Trevia was able to find the place.

Trevia.

I’d been thinking about those legs and eyes since we parted, kept reliving that kiss. Remembered how she refused to give me her number. Had been waiting for her call since she had my card. I was still waiting.

What kind of game was she playing with me? I mean, I knew she was just as into me as I was into her. I felt it when I held her on the dancefloor, felt her heart race. Felt her body tremble when I kissed her. But no call. Did she want me to chase her? Shit, I didn’t chase women, never had to, had women offering pussy up on a platter on the regular. But I can’t lie, I was ready to tie these J’s up real tight and run after her sexy ass. I had a feeling she was worth it.

“Hey,” I said, interrupting Mood Music’s heated debate. “We’re doing fifteen minutes, tops. Then we’re getting outta here. This building is too little. I’m getting claustrophobic up in here. This is worse than Frenchy’s in Dallas.”

They laughed and started comparing the place to the inside of Pete’s Prius while I let my mind drift back to Trevia. Even though she hadn’t called, I was sure she’d be here tonight. I was sure she’d be sitting front and center again, wondered what she’d be wearing, hoped she’d go to my hotel with me. Yeah, I wanted her for more than sex, but shit, I really wanted her for sex, too. Wasn’t any point in lying about that. I’d been fantasizing about doing all kinds of nasty shit to her since the first time I saw her. Had been turning girls down right and left because they weren’t her. And if she refused, I’d wait.

I didn’t want anybody else.

Not anymore.

When it was finally time for me and Mood Music to crowd up on the mini-stage, I stepped out front and was surprised to see that the baby club was now full of folks. Wall to wall brown people overfilled the place. Someone other than Trevia was sitting up front. I scanned the crowd, thinking that maybe she’d arrived late and had to sit somewhere else but still didn’t see her. Throughout my set, I looked for her to never find her. By the end, I was feeling some kind of way. I mean, we were supposed to be together. I knew that. There was a connection between us that I felt the first time I saw her. There wasn’t a doubt in my mind about that. So why no calls? Why hadn’t she showed up here tonight?

And I had no way of contacting her. Maybe that was really what she wanted. Maybe all of my gut feelings and belief in the divine order of things was wrong. Maybe my intuition about her was off.

Shit.

I had a damn headache from trying to figure her out by the time I walked into the late night air and made my way to my car. That was when I saw her. Her back was to me as she tried to keep her balance in her heels on the gravel parking lot. Tall, big afro, wearing an orange jumpsuit this time.

“Hey, wait up!” I shouted as I trotted toward her with a big-ass grin on my face. I knew she’d come.

She kept walking, and I shouted again, “Trevia! Wait up!”

She stopped and turned around wearing a different face. No cat eyes. It wasn’t her.

“My bad,” I mumbled as I headed to my car.





13



“Lie down, baby.”

I lay back on the bed, naked and ready for him. Watched him undress, revealing that exquisite body of his. His eyes were smoldering as he gazed into mine. He lay on top of me, kissing me deeply, his tongue at war with mine one moment, caressing it the next.

“You taste good,” he murmured. “Shit, you taste good.”

I closed my eyes, wrapped my arms around him, and crushed him to my body, moaning into his mouth. Then his mouth left mine; so did his body. I moved to sit up, but felt a hand gently push me back onto the bed, felt another hand lift my left leg, slide up to the bend of my knee and push my thigh against my stomach, opening me wide. I felt the heat of his mouth on my lower set of lips, kissing them softly, and then he parted those lips and began to tongue kiss my yoni. I shuddered, and a groan escaped from the very depths of my soul as he reached up and palmed my breast while feasting on me.

“Shiiiiiiit!!!” I screamed as I sat upright in bed.

“Damn-it!” I shouted when I fully realized it was just a dream.

I sighed heavily, felt the wetness between my legs, and placed a hand on my chest. My heart was galloping, and my throat felt scratchy, like I’d been screaming for a while.

Maybe I had.

I’d never had a dream like that...ever. I mean, my other dreams had been explicit, but I’d never felt them like I felt this one. The other difference was those dreams had been about Wes.

This one was about Nyles.

I reached over on the nightstand and picked up his card, was exactly a half of a second from calling him, but knew that was a bad idea. I tossed the card back onto the nightstand and released a frustrated breath before climbing out of bed, hoping a shower would help.



*****



“So now you’re dreaming about the poetry guy?” Greer asked, as we Facetimed each other.

I glanced at the phone on the table and nodded. “Yeah, really sensual dreams, like I can actually feel him in them and even after I wake up. Something is really wrong with me. Why would I go from having sexual dreams about Wes to having sexual dreams about Nyles when I don’t even really know him? I mean, at least I have prior knowledge of sex with Wes. This thing with Nyles? I don’t know. And why are all of my dreams so damn dirty? Maybe I really need some counseling or something.”

“Well, I think you’re having dirty dreams because it’s been a year since you had sex, right?”

“Sex with someone other than myself, yes.”

“And you cared for Wes, missed him, that’s why you were having dreams about him.”

“I guess…”

“And as for Nyles? You like him. You said so yourself. That’s why you were going to his shows and stuff. Probably did a bunch of Internet research, too, knowing you.”

“But I can’t like him, Greer. He’s too much like Wes, and to be honest, he’s too much like every other man I’ve ever been involved with. I can’t keep making the same bad decisions when it comes to men. I refuse to. I’m thirty-one. If I want a chance at having a relationship that leads to more than some good sex and a bunch of heartache, I have to choose better.”

“Trevia, I hear you. I really do, and I understand where you’re coming from, but the heart knows what it wants, and you can’t change what you’re attracted to. You are attracted to and therefore you attract men who are very confident. Nyles is cocky, sure, but that doesn’t necessarily make him a bad person.”

I shook my head. “You didn’t hear the things he said to me the one time we had a conversation, telling me what he was going to do to me, what he thought I wanted. He was so damn sure we were made for each other, and he kissed me, and…”

“And, what?”

“And I felt that feeling I got with Wes. That feeling where I start losing control of myself, where my thoughts get all jumbled and I can’t think properly. It was the same feeling that made me sleep with Wes the night I met hm. I’m…I’m scared. I’m scared to death of being hurt again, Greer. It took a lot to let Wes go. It took even more to get over him, and I’m not sure I’m completely over him, and he isn’t making it easy coming over here and sending letters and shit.”

“Wait-what? He’s been doing what?”

“Coming over, begging for forgiveness, sending letters with his divorce decree in them. Says he’s getting counseling. I can’t lie, a part of me wants to try again with him. At least he’s trying to do better, and if it didn’t work out, I’d know what I was getting into up front.”

“You cannot be serious right now.”

“I’m just saying, I don’t think I can handle another man, a different man, messing over me. I just don’t think I can.”

“Shit, then be alone for a while longer, until you get yourself together, but please, please don’t fool with Wes again. Please! He’s the reason your mind is all mixed up.”

“I know. I promised myself I wouldn’t give him another chance, and I plan on keeping that promise. I’m just confused about Nyles…”

“Well, take your time and think about it, and remember, he’s not Wes. You can’t judge him by what Wes did to you. That’s kind of what I did to Derek, didn’t give him the benefit of the doubt because of what Lloyd did to me.”

“Okay. I’ve got to go. Love you, girl. Tell Derek I said hi.”

“I sure will. Love you, too, crazy ass.”

I chuckled as I ended the call and thought about Greer and Lloyd, how he cheated on her and got another woman pregnant while they were engaged to be married. When she and Derek faced a similar situation that proved to be untrue, she had turned her back on him, effectively putting him in the same category as Lloyd when he was a far better man. He loved her, spoiled her. Maybe I was being unfair with Nyles, but for right now, I would keep my distance, not call him or go to any of his shows until I was sure what my heart and body wanted was what was best for my mind.





14



My Uncle Marl was a big man, wide and as tall as me with skin a shade darker than mine. His cheeks and the skin under his eyes were even darker, and he wheezed when he talked in a voice that sort of made him sound like he kept food hidden in his cheeks. He always wore black slacks and a black t-shirt with these scuffed-up black shoes. To me, he looked like a low-level gangster. But he was basically a pushover until it came to business. Then he became a pit bull, relentless until he got the results he was looking for. That was why I kept him on as my manager despite him booking me at some fucked-up places from time to time. Because I always got paid. And I got paid well. My fee was something he was relentless about.

I was back home in Houston, sitting on the passenger side of Marl’s old Jeep Cherokee, the one with the busted radio, staring out the cracked windshield at the traffic in front of us, wishing I’d just driven myself and met him at the place.

Marl coughed a wet-sounding cough and glanced at me. “Damn bronchitis.”

It was always some kind of itis with him—bronchitis, arthritis, bursitis, you name it.

“Yeah,” I said, my mind not really in that car with him. That damn Trevia was in my head still. It’d been a whole month since I last saw her. She still hadn’t called or showed up at anymore of my shows. I had yet to figure out what the hell happened. Did I come on too strong? Was it my usage of the word fuck? Some people really hated that word. Shit, I was off my game. Way off.

When he finally pulled into a parking space outside the club, I hopped right out, glad to be able to breathe some fresh air and get away from the combined odors of fast food and loud cologne the cloth seats of the SUV had absorbed. I looked down at my clothes—jeans and a t-shirt, silver chain with a silver replica of Africa hanging from it around my neck. I looked like I was supposed to look, like an artist, but I felt like anyone but myself. This woman was messing with my mind.

I didn’t want to be at this meeting, but Marl insisted. Said I needed to learn how to negotiate because he wasn’t getting any younger, and his health was getting worse. Artists don’t care about this stuff. That’s what I told him, but he wasn’t trying to hear it.

I strode across the parking lot ahead of him, opened the door and waited for him to catch up. The place was nice, just as nice as I remembered it, and I hoped they came correct with the money for this regular weekly gig they were proposing, because it would be nice to know I wasn’t going to walk into some shithole at least for a while.

We were greeted by a light-skinned dude wearing gray slacks and a pink dress shirt. He smiled, greeted Marl, whom he was familiar with from setting up my performance for the opening night of the club, and introduced himself to me as Amir Iverson. He shook our hands and led us into an office—pearl-colored desk, gold everything else. As a rule, I didn’t really trust light-skinned dudes, but we’d see how things went.

Me and Uncle Marl sat down while Amir went to get his wife. Marl had already told me she was the real boss. I eyed the room, sighed, and wished I was at my place in my bed. It was ten in the morning. I didn’t usually get up until noon.

Amir returned a few minutes later with his wife—pretty, dark-skinned, nice body. There was a familiarity about her I couldn’t pinpoint. Maybe it was her smile. I wasn’t sure, but there was something about her…

“Hi, gentlemen!” she sang. Cute and perky. Not really my type, but she did brighten the room. I smiled at her, shook her hand when she extended it, and as soon as she and Marl started talking shop, I let my eyes roam the room again. Leaned forward when I caught sight of a picture of Amir’s wife—Jada, I think her name was—with another woman.

Marl’s and the woman’s voices sounded like they were in the bottom of a well as I stood and walked over to the bookshelf to get a better look at the picture.

I picked it up and smiled. The woman in the picture with Amir’s wife was Trevia.

Trevia.

I spun around, interrupted their negotiations with, “Who is the other woman in this picture?”

Everyone stared at me. Jada said, “My sister. Trevia.”

Same dark brown skin, same figure, but Jada was shorter than Trevia, and she didn’t have the cat eyes. No wonder she had seemed so familiar to me.

“Nyles, come look over this contract. I don’t know if you heard what we were discussing, but they’re proposing a slightly lower fee per show than you usually get.”

“I’m good with whatever. I’ll sign it,” I said, my eyes glued to that picture.

I was right, the universe and everything in it meant for this woman to be mine. What else would explain me being in her sister’s office at that moment?

Fate.

Destiny—

“What?” Uncle Marl asked, his eyes wide.

I turned to Trevia’s sister. “I’ll sign the contract right now under one condition.”

She gave me her full attention. “I’m listening.”





15



“What is this we’re going to?” Denise asked from the passenger seat of my car.

I shrugged. “Girl, I don’t know. I don’t even feel like going. I’ve had enough of clubs.”

“Well, why are we going then?”

“Because Jayla called me whining about me not supporting her dreams. She even brought up all of the people she’s sent to my boutique, really went on a guilt trip.”

“Oh, well, she did send you a lot of business when she lived in Dallas. Did you get in touch with Greer? Is she coming?”

“She’s gonna try, but she said she wasn’t feeling well.”

“Dang, she stays sick here lately.”

“I know...I hope it’s nothing serious. You know she hates doctors, but I basically begged her to go see one.”

“Well, I hope she does.”

“Yeah, so I didn’t want to bother her tonight. I got us a room.”

“Cool with me. If everything goes according to my plans, you’ll be in that room by yourself.”

“Christian?”

“Yep. We’ve been talking damn near every day. That’s enough foreplay for anyone. I’m planning on sealing the deal tonight!”

I chuckled. “Well, I hope things work out for you.”

“Shit, me too.”



*****





I thought maybe once I got to the club I’d feel more like being there, but I was mistaken. Being there in that VIP section just reminded me of meeting Wes and all the shit he put me through, or of seeing Nyles and almost falling for the okie-doke again. And it didn’t help that I’d been feeling down the past few days as a sense of loneliness just seemed to be suffocating me. I was tired of being alone, because honestly, I was alone even when I was with Wes. I was tired of wanting and needing love, real love, and not receiving any. And well, I was horny, too. Very horny.

Greer and Derek didn’t show up so I sat there looking stupid while Christian and Denise chatted and giggled and played footsie. I guzzled my drink and ordered another. Denise tore herself away from Christian long enough to give me a concerned look. I rolled my eyes and then fixed them on the stage below where a heavy-set young lady was belting out an India.Arie song. When her set was over, I lazily clapped my hands and began drumming my fingers on the table.

Christian excused himself from the table, and Denise scooted close to me, and hissed, “The hell is wrong with you? Sitting over here acting a fool and throwing back drinks like you done lost your mind! If you don’t wanna be here, take your ass to the hotel, but right now you’re embarrassing me and you’re gonna embarrass your damn sister!”

Tears sprung to my eyes. “I’m so unhappy and lonely…”

Her expression softened. “Aw, sis, you gotta let that shit Wesley did to you go and move on. I know what I’m talking about. I’ve been where you are.”

“I’m over him, ’Nise. I really am.”

“Then why didn’t you give the poetry dude a chance?”

“Because I’m scared.”

“I know, but you have to do some things even when you’re scared. Scared beats sad and lonely, if you ask me. If you don’t want to get with the poetry dude, at least give someone a chance. Okay?”

I nodded.

“Now go fix your make-up, and no more drinks. You gotta drive yourself to the hotel. As soon as Christian gets back, we’re leaving.” She gave me a sly grin.

I laughed as I wiped my eyes. “Have fun.”

“Oh, I will. I’ma ride his ass until one of us passes out.”

I shook my head as I gave her a hug and headed to the restroom.

Back at my table, I reflected on Denise’s words and thought maybe she was right. I should’ve given Nyles’ cocky ass a chance. Maybe I’d give him a call when I got to my hotel room. A call couldn’t hurt, could it?

“It’s story time, y’all.”

My heart skipped at the sound of that voice. As the crowd erupted in applause and cheers, I gazed down at the stage to find it empty.

“Once upon a time, there was this queen. Tall and lean with a body bordering on obscene. Legs for days, miles and miles of thighs, eyes that cut like a knife. Sharp-edged glances wounded me, sliced right through my cool, leaving warm blood in the creases and cracks of my soul. Thoughts of her plagued me like bubonic, left me speechless, hooked on phonics…”

He sounded like he was close to me, maybe even right behind me. A turn of my head to the right gave me a view of him sitting at the neighboring table. When had he sat there? How long had he been sitting there? Had he witnessed my meltdown? Those thoughts volleyed with a feeling of excitement and delight. He looked so good in a t-shirt and skinny jeans, a gold rope chain hanging around his neck. He grinned at me and gave me a little nod as he continued to speak:

“She wore red, then black and white, and tonight, she adorns this place in black leather and cream lace. Surprise on her face as my heart begins to race…only for her.

“The stars aligned tonight, and this moment is just right for me to say to her lovely face, and I hope she’ll agree…” He stood and kneeled beside my chair. “Trevia, I’m the one for you, and you’re the one for me.”





16





She was smiling by the time I finished the poem. Smiling, and I was thinking maybe this little plan of mine had worked, or at least I hoped it had. I kissed her cheek and whispered in her ear, “Sit tight. I’ll be back after my set.” Then I trotted down to the stage where Mood Music was already set up.

I was sweating and thirsty as hell, but I skipped out on going backstage and headed straight to VIP, to her. I wasn’t taking any chances on her dipping out on me. I joined her at the table, wiped my brow with my forearm, and gave her a grin.

She didn’t smile, but the look in her eyes told me she was glad to see me. “You were great, but I’m sure you already know that.”

I nodded. “I do. That’s what bothers you about me, isn’t it? My confidence.”

“To be honest, yes.”

“Is that why you never called?”

“It’s only been a few weeks. You make it sound like you gave me that card a year ago. How do you know I wouldn’t have called you eventually?”

“Would you have?”

“Maybe. You didn’t give me a chance. You orchestrated this little public ambush with my sister instead. And don’t lie, she came and confessed while you were onstage. Said the only way you’d sign a contract was if she made sure I came here tonight. What’s with the urgency?”

I lifted my eyebrows. “Life is urgent, Trevia. Shit, I could get hit by a bus tomorrow. I ain’t the ‘wait and see’ kinda guy. I make shit happen while I can.”

“Is that what you’re doing? Trying to make us happen? That’s not how love works, Nyles.”

“Okay, I’ll give you that. You can’t force love. True love is more organic than all of that stuff they sell in Whole Foods. But listen, we’re halfway there. You like me, and I damn sure like you. If this thing was gonna grow, one of us had to make a move. Looked to me like you were standing still. I made a move. Now, are you gonna sit there and tell me you’re not glad to see me?”

She shook her head and sighed. “You always come on this strong? It can really be a turn off, you know?”

I nodded. “For some women, but not for you. You like it. I can tell. You don’t like that you like it, but you like it.”

She dropped her eyes. “Nyles...I don’t think I can do this.”

“Do what?”

“Us. I can’t do us.”

Shit. ”Why?”

“Because I know men like you. You love yourself too much to love anyone else. You are takers, you use people, and you leave a lot of wreckage behind when you finally disappear.”

I leaned forward, tried not to frown, but I failed. “Trevia, I don’t know who the hell you been dealing with, but that ain’t me. I ain’t that kind of person. Do I love myself? Hell, yeah! But every healthy person should love their damn self. But loving myself doesn’t keep me from loving you. I’m into you, but it sounds like you got some shit to deal with. If so, holler at me once you lose that baggage.”

I stood from my seat, was ready to go get me a drink and go home when she said, “Wait. Don’t go.”

I was halfway fronting anyway. So I sat my ass back down and looked into those cat eyes of hers.

“Look, I’m sorry. I—you’re right. I’ve been dealing with some stuff, but I do like you. You just...you remind me of someone who hurt me. And when you do that cocky thing you do, I can’t lie, it’s a turn-on for me, but can you tone it down a little? It can be overwhelming.”

I nodded. “Well, that’s just me, Trevia. You want me to be somebody else?”

“No, I just want you to be real with me. Be truthful. No games.”

“That’s all I wanna be, and I want the same from you.”

“Okay. Can I ask you something?”

“All right...”

“Are you married?”

I frowned. “Hell, naw. What I look like trying to get with you if I have a wife?”

“A girlfriend?”

“If I can get your ass to act right, yes.”

She smiled. “Any kids?”

“No.”

“Drugs, criminal record, down-low, VD?”

“Damn, no, no, no, and no. What the fuck?”

“I’m sorry, I had to ask.”

“Damn, who was this dude that screwed you over like this?”

“I don’t want to talk about him. You got any questions for me?”

“Yeah, you ready to act right with me now? You gonna give me a chance?”

“You got your cell on you?”

“Yeah.”

“Let me see.”

“Damn, what you gonna do now? Check my contacts?”

She pulled her phone out and started tapping on it. “No. But you need to check your text messages right now.”

I pulled my phone out to see she’d texted me her number. “Damn, about time.”





17





I had just stepped out of the shower and climbed into bed when my cell rang. I checked the screen, hoping it wasn’t Denise upset and needing a ride from Christian’s house or something, because I was too tired to get up and try to navigate my way from the hotel to Christian’s house. I smiled when I saw it was Nyles calling.

“Hello?” I answered.

“Hey, just checking on you, making sure you made it to your hotel safely.”

“I did. Thanks for checking.”

“I told you, I’m not that bad.”

I chuckled. “I know. Sorry.”

“For what? Lumping all men into one jacked-up category?”

“For making assumptions about you. But you have to admit you come on pretty strong, Mr. Adams.”

“Only when I really, really want something or someone. You think I’m like this with every woman?”

I rolled over on my back and closed my eyes. “I have no idea.”

“Well, I’m not. You’re special, and not just because you’re the prettiest woman I’ve ever seen in my life. You have a good heart. I can tell.”

“Well, thank you. I like to think I’m a good person. I try to be.”

“Yeah...well, I’ma let you go. But before I do, I wanna invite you to have breakfast with me in the morning. I know a real good place.”

“Hmm, okay. Where do you want me to meet you?”

“12756 Abispo Lane, apartment 1456.”

“Wow, is that your address?”

“Yes.”

“What are we having for breakfast? Each other?” I asked through a yawn.

“I’d love it if we did, but you ain’t ready for that yet, so I’ma just cook for us. Real food.”

“I’m not ready, huh?”

“You think you are? Mess around and get turnt out messing with me.”

“You are just—”

“I’m too much, I know. 8:00 AM. Don’t be late. I’ma text you my address. Goodnight, Queen Trevia.”

“Goodnight, Nyles.”



*****



Nyles Adams was no Wesley Anderson.

Not by a mile.

I figured that out pretty quickly when I pulled up to the gated complex and called him. And as I drove my car through the gate and passed the rows of townhouses—not apartments—in a peachy stone and noted the expensive cars on the lot, I knew I was dealing with a different type of man. I parked where he instructed me to, next to a sleek black Mercedes Cabriolet with a vanity plate that read: Nyles1.

I stepped out of my vehicle and smiled when I saw him standing in the open door grinning at me, holding a bouquet of beautiful deep orange roses. He was wearing a pair of jogging pants and a black wife beater. I was wearing a white, sleeveless maxi dress. It was spring, and there was a cool breeze that morning, so I rubbed my hands over my arms as I ascended his front steps.

“Hey,” he said, kissing me on the cheek and handing me the roses as he welcomed me into his home.

“Hey, good morning. Thank you. These are beautiful,” I replied.

“Just like you.”

I smiled as I eyed his clean but sparsely-furnished living room. It held a brown leather sofa and a huge white stone-topped coffee table. No TV, but I noted a nice stereo system set up in front of a huge picture window. Against a wall were three bookcases crammed full of books. He was evidently a well-read man. I followed him into the kitchen, inhaled the aroma of food that filled the place. “Mm, smells good,” I said.

With his back to me, he manned the stove and responded with, “Wait till you taste it. Hey, go ahead and have a seat at the table. I’ll take the flowers and set them in here.”

I handed him the roses and took a seat at the dark wood, bar-height table and gazed out the curtain-less bay window at the small, neatly-cut backyard. “Your place is really nice.”

“Thanks.” He placed a heavy square plate heaping with food before me, and added, “Eat up.”

My eyes widened at the sight of bacon and ham, fried eggs, home fries, and two biscuits. “Um…wow.”

“Shit, I forgot the grits. You like grits?”

I nodded. “Yeah, but how am I supposed to eat all of this?”

“Once you taste it, you won’t be able to stop eating it,” he said. His ego was astounding!

I dug into my food, and well, it was probably the best thing I’d ever eaten in my life. I actually cleaned my plate and was in need of a nap when we moved from the kitchen to his living room.

“Where’d you learn to cook like that?” I asked. I had been too busy eating to talk during our meal.

“My Aunt Thelma. I lived with her and my Uncle Marl off and on as a kid when my parents weren’t around.”

“Well, she taught you well. That was delicious!”

“I told you it would be. If you act right, you could wake up to that every morning.”

I shook my head and smiled. “You are truly something else. I have never met a man quite like you before.”

“I know. There’s only one Nyles. Just like there’s only one Trevia.”

“Is Nyles your real name or a stage name?”

“Real name. Nyles J. Adams.”

“What’s the J stand for?”

“Jerome.”

“Nice.”

“Trevia McCall. Where’d your first name come from? It’s different.”

“Different good or different bad?”

“Good. I like it.”

“Well…I always wondered where it came from myself, never got around to asking my mom. My grandfather raised me, but he didn’t know, either.”

“Sorry about your mom and grandfather.”

“Oh, my mom is still alive, she’s just not… she has some mental issues. Because of brain damage from a wreck, her mind’s been gone for years.” That was more than Wes even knew about my family. I wasn’t sure what about Nyles made me divulge it.

“Damn, that’s messed up. So it’s just you and your sister, Jada?”

I laughed.

He looked genuinely confused. “What?”

“My sister’s name is Jayla, not Jada.”

He chuckled lightly. “Shit, my bad. So it’s just you and Jayla?”

“Yep. Our grandfather raised both of us as his own from the time we were little. My mother was his only child. Our grandmother died shortly after they took us in, so it was all on him. Our fathers were never really in our lives.”

“He was a good man. Looks like he did a good job.”

“He did. He was the best. How about you? Any siblings?”

“Nah, just me. My folks were young when they had me and they damn sure didn’t need to make any more kids. They got married, still are married, but been separated for years and they live apart. Both of them are career military—army. My mom is retired now, though. She lives in Atlanta. My father lives in DC.”

“So you’re an army brat?”

He shook his head. “No, they always left me behind. I really don’t think either of them wanted a kid.”

My heart melted a bit for him. “I’m so sorry.”

“No, it’s all good. I had a good life for the most part. I mean, they were never mean to me, just gone a lot. I alternated living with them and my aunt and uncle until high school when my folks got me my own apartment. They got me a car, too. I thought I was the shit.”

I smiled. “You still do.”

“No, I know I’m the shit, now. There’s a difference.”

“Wooooow, okay. So, how old were you when they got you an apartment?”

“Sixteen.”

“Really?”

“Yeah. None of the officials at the school knew, of course. I would forge their signatures if I needed something signed. It was a good life for a kid.”

“I bet you had girls all up in your bed all the time.”

“I did, but that didn’t mean anything. That gets old after a while if you have a brain and a heart, and I possess both.”

“So you don’t have a girlfriend, booty call, nothing?”

“I know it’s hard for you to believe, but no. I’ve been too busy chasing your ass.”

I rolled my eyes. “How’d you get started with poetry?”

He stood from the sofa and reached for my hand. “Let me show you something.”

“Okay.” I let him lead me up the stairs to a spacious bedroom. The bed was unmade with the white bedspread hanging off the foot, partially on the floor. I halted my steps in the doorway. “Uh…”

He released my hand and crossed the room to a closet, reached up on a high shelf and turned around with a box in his hand. He placed the box on the bed and opened it. “Look,” he said.

I cautiously entered the room, walked over to the bed, and peered inside the box which was full of notebooks of various sizes and colors. I reached in and pulled out one with worn edges, opened it and scanned his small, neat handwriting. Flipping the pages, I saw that it was full from front to back with poems. “Are all of these full of poems?” I asked.

He nodded. “Been writing poetry since I was a kid, since I learned to write, before I even knew what poetry was. I was just writing down my feelings.”

I placed the notebook back in the box. “And now you’re the Nyles Adams.”

“Yeah…”

We were both quiet as we stood beside each other. My heart was hammering in my chest at being that close to him in that room, his bedroom. I looked out the window over the head of his bed, jumped a little when I felt his hand on my arm.

“Did I scare you?” he asked huskily, bringing his face closer to mine.

“Everything about you scares me. I-I’ve been hurt before.”

He moved in front of me and tilted his head to the side with his face only inches from mine, his eyes on my mouth. “I know, but I’m not gonna hurt you, Trevia. That’s not what I’m tryna do.”

I dropped my eyes from his face. “What are you tryna do, then?”

He eased his lips onto mine, and then swept his tongue across my lips. Almost automatically, I opened my mouth and welcomed his tongue inside, felt him place his hands on my back and then my butt as our tongues got very acquainted. I moaned, eased my arms around his body, and squeezed him to me. His hands left my butt and found the sides of my face as he deepened our kiss. Then my legs decided to wrap themselves around his body and he grabbed my butt again, holding me up. I felt him harden between my legs and the floodgates inside of Miss Kitty flew open. The faint sound of my cell phone ringing brought me back to reality and made me realize what the hell I was doing.

I pulled my mouth away from his. “My phone.”

“Shit, let it ring. Please let it ring.”

“Nyles…that’s probably my friend Denise calling. She rode into town with me.”

“Damn! Okay, okay.” He put me down and then ran his hands over his head before sweeping them over his face. “I can wait. I can wait.” I wasn’t sure if he was trying to convince me or himself.

I sighed. “I’m sorry. I should probably just go.”

He nodded and as I turned to leave the room, grabbed my arm and pulled me into another kiss. Once we parted, he said, “So you won’t forget about me.”

I squeezed his hand. “Oh, I won’t.”





18



“You coming to see me at Plush Saturday night?” Nyles asked over the phone.

“Why don’t you come see me? Looks to me like I’m always traveling to see you. Time for you to put in some work, sir,” I replied.

“Okay, okay, I hear you. You’re right. You probably don’t need to be on the road like that so much anyway. So when can I come see you, then?”

“Anytime. Right now if you want. Come to my boutique and swoop me up.”

“Oh, yeah, your sister told me you made clothes and stuff. Said you started sewing when you were a kid.”

“I can’t believe my sister told you my business.”

“Just like you, she likes me. She said I’m a big improvement from the last guy.”

I stopped threading my sewing machine and sat there with my mouth hanging open. “She said what?”

“Wesley was his name, right? She said she never liked him.”

I couldn’t believe Jayla! “Uh…uh, what else did she tell you?”

“That he was a stripper and an asshole.”

“Oh, no...um, Nyles—”

“Don’t sweat it. I’ve been with my fair share of strippers, female ones, though. Ain’t nothing to be ashamed of.”

“I can’t believe Jayla told you that...”

“Why? Was it a secret?”

“No-yes, look...it’s something I’m trying to put behind me.”

“Oh, you wanna act like it didn’t happen. I got one of those, too. Shit, everybody does.”

I actually relaxed a bit. “Really? You think so?”

“Trevia, you didn’t invent bad relationships or bad decisions. Now I don’t know how bad things got, but I know if he messed up, that’s on him. You gotta stop carrying that shit. You’re with me now. I’ma show you how a real man treats a real woman.”

I grinned. “Is that right?”

“Yeah. You know what? I’ma come get you. Friday night. I got two shows at your sister’s club this weekend. I’ma come get you so you can be with me. “

“Where am I supposed to stay?”

“Wherever you want. With me, a hotel, your sister. It’s up to you, but I want you here. I need you here.”

My head wasn’t sure, but my heart was controlling my mouth. “Okay.”





*****



“You heard from Greer?” Denise asked as she watched me pack my overnight bag.

“No. I know she went to the doctor the other day, but when I tried to call her to see what happened, she didn’t answer. Just texted me that she’d call me when she got a chance. I’m still waiting.”

“Yeah, same with me. I really hope it’s nothing serious.”

“Yeah...so are you ever going to tell me what happened between you and Christian last week? In the car on the way home, you said you’d tell me later. It’s later.”

She sighed heavily.

“Still no sex?”

She shook her head. “None. Nothing. Shit, it didn’t even come up. After we talked forever long, he offered me his bed and took the sofa again. I’m so damn frustrated it’s not even funny. I mean, we have these great conversations about anything and everything, but he’s only kissed me on the cheek. I’m beginning to think he’s not attracted to me.”

“Well, ’Nise, does he know you wanna move further? Have you told him?”

She seemed to think about that for a moment, and then said, “I guess that’d be a good idea. I’ve just kind of been following his lead. Maybe I should put it out there and see what he says.”

“I think you should.”

“So you got a room?”

“Yeah, I don’t wanna impose on Greer and Derek right now. Shoot, I can’t even get in touch with her anyway.”

“I meant to ask you this last time, what about Jayla? Why don’t you stay at her place?”

“Girl, it’s small, only one bedroom. It’s a super cute place, but I don’t feel like sleeping on her couch. Shit, it’s too short for me.”

“Oh...”

“Oh, what?”

“I thought maybe you were dodging Amir.”

“Nah, I actually hadn’t thought about him.”

“Got Nyles on the brain?”

“Yeah, he’s so damn full of himself, but he’s kinda sweet, too. And he’s fun to talk to. It’s kind of like verbal sparring. I’ve never met a man as smart as he is.”

“So he’s picking you up?”

I zipped my bag up and sat on the bed beside Denise. “Yes, he should be here in about an hour. I’m nervous, ’Nise. I really like him, but...I don’t know. I’m not seeing any red flags right now, but I guess I just don’t trust my own judgement when it comes to men.”

“Girl, who among us does? Sometimes you just gotta take a chance. At least you know what you’re not willing to take now. And you know the signs; you can get out fast if you see things aren’t gonna work. That’s what I took from my horrible marriage.”

I nodded. “You’re right.”

“Girl, when have I ever been wrong?”

I rolled my eyes and shook my head. “Whatever.”





19



“You were great, as usual,” I said as Nyles joined me backstage. Since I arrived with him, I was able to watch his set from backstage, and afterwards, accompany him to his dressing room, which was about the size of a walk-in closet. Jayla and Amir were going to have to do better with these accommodations.

“Thanks.” He mopped his face with a thick white towel and fell into a chair, closing his eyes.

I hovered near the door. “Your performances really take a lot out of you, don’t they?”

He nodded. “Yeah, it’s like pouring your soul out night after night. Exposing yourself for strangers. Been doing it for years but it still wears me out.”

“Do you ever get nervous?”

Opening his eyes, he looked at me. “Shit, yeah! I mean, I know my stuff is good, but the crowd has to be ready and willing to receive it. You know? It’s like a partnership. I can bring all the heat I want, but if they ain’t in the right place mentally and spiritually, it’s like talking to a damn wall. That shit is even more draining.”

“I really respect you for what you do. I don’t know if I could ever have the nerve to get up in front of people like that. You know, a lot of people have told me I should try out for one of those design competitions like Project Runway, I’m too scared, though.”

“Why? You got mad talent, girl! You make all your clothes, right?”

I nodded. “Most of my own clothes.”

“You made that red dress?”

“Yeah.”

“Shit, that red dress will win any competition. It’s hot!”

I smiled. “You just like the way I look in it.”

“That’s true, but to make something to fit that body of yours that good? That takes talent.”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, I’ve never seen a body like that before in my life. Tall, thin with an ass, hips, and breasts like yours? That shit just ain’t right.”

I giggled. “You’re just saying that because you’re trying to come back to my room with me.”

He stood, closing the space between us. “I’d much rather take you back to my place. I prefer sleeping in my own bed.”

“Hmm, well…I like sleeping in my own bed, too. But here I am. In Houston again, away from my own bed. For you.”

He smiled down at me, making me want to rub a finger across those dimples. “I hear you, but I’ll make it worth your while if you let me.” He kissed me lightly, running a finger down the side of my face. “You’re messing with my head, Trevia. Got me thinking some crazy stuff.”

Catching my breath, I said, “Like what?”

“Like buying rings and dropping down on one knee. Never thought about any of that before. I haven’t even touched you, not like I want to, but I know when I do, I won’t want to let you go.”

“You okay with letting me go right now?”

He shook his head. “No, but I can if I have to. It’s hard for me now with you living in Dallas and me being here. If we really get together, we’re gonna have to do something about that.”

“I guess we’ll have to deal with that later.”

“Yeah. Let’s go get a drink and get out of here.”



*****



I’m not sure why I agreed to go home with him. Even after I told him nothing was going to happen between us, he insisted. Said he just wanted to have me near, and I really liked the sound of that, because no one had ever said that to me before. But I had no business being there and I knew it. Despite the fact that I had made the decision not to have sex with any man until after we’d been seeing each other for at least four months, I was playing with fire with Nyles. I was too attracted to him to be spending the night in his home. Even in a different room. But there I was, no overnight bag, not even a toothbrush. Just stupid me.

“You can have my bed. I’ll take the couch,” he said after we’d been sitting in his living room in awkward silence for a full ten minutes.

“Your sheets clean?” I teased.

“Yeah. You think I expect a queen to sleep on some nasty-ass sheets?”

I shrugged. “You might.”

“Nah, the cleaning lady was here today. I know she changed the sheets, so no worries there.”

I stretched my eyes wide. “You have a cleaning lady?”

“Yeah...she cooked, too. You hungry?”

“No...uh, if I want to take a shower, where are the towels?”

“On the shelf in the bathroom. You can throw on one of my t-shirts if you want.”

He followed me upstairs and grabbed a blanket and a pillow from his closet before kissing me on my cheek and saying, “Goodnight, Trevia.”

“Goodnight, Nyles.”

Once in the shower, I half-expected him to sneak in there and join me. When he didn’t, I felt a little disappointed and wondered what was wrong with me. I had laid down the rules in the car on the way there. No sex. But being in that shower, knowing it was his and had held his naked body, and using his body wash, drying my body with his towel, and slipping his t-shirt over my head had Miss Kitty on fire. When I lay in bed, I was afraid sister girl was going to burn a hole in his mattress.

I crossed my legs under the covers and fixed my eyes on the doorway, hoping he’d suddenly appear butt-ass naked before me. Of course he didn’t do that, because I had said no sex and he was respecting that.

“Ugh,” I murmured as I turned on my back and released a frustrated sigh. I could use my fingers like I always did, but there was a whole, entire man downstairs. A whole, entire, tall, fine, handsome, sexy man with smooth, bronze skin, deep dimples, piercing dark eyes, and a smile that could stop traffic. Not to mention thick hair braided in an intricate pattern of cornrows. What the hell did I look like masturbating with a penis on the premises? That shit was just absurd.

I sat up, my eyes glued to the open doorway. I wanted to call out to him, but I didn’t. I didn’t want to seem crazy after having been so adamant about the whole no-sex thing. But, damn was I horny. I was afraid to go to sleep, knowing I was going to have an obscene dream and wake up having wet his sheets with my juices. So I climbed out of bed and just stood in the middle of the floor, trying to will the desire bubbling inside of me away.





This was a stupid-ass idea.

Yeah, I wanted her with me, but she wasn’t even with me, and knowing she was in my place only made me want her. And that shit was out of the question. She had made that very damn clear. She was on some mission to prove to herself she wasn’t a fool. I knew that even though she never said it. She was too set on this four-month thing she told me about. I understood. I mean, she was a woman and a woman has to take care of herself and her heart. Us men could be assholes. I knew that. I’d been an asshole to plenty of women in my day. But it was messed up that I was getting punished for what some stripper dude did to her. If I ever got within a ten-mile radius of him, I was kicking his ass.

I rolled over on my stomach and bunched up the pillow, laid my head back on it and stared at the ceiling before turning to face the back of the sofa. I was actually halfway asleep when I heard her call my name and turned over to see her standing over me wearing my favorite Lakers t-shirt and a scarf covering her hair. I wondered where the scarf came from.

I sat up and stared at her, damn near whispered, “Yeah? You all right?”

She shook her head. “No.”

“What’s wrong?”

She didn’t say anything else, just walked over to the sofa and pulled the blanket off of me, sliding into my lap, straddling me. I looked at her, my heart beating so fast I thought I was going to pass out or something. “You sure?” I asked.

She kissed me. “Very.”

Hell, yeah.

I reached around and grabbed her ass while she kissed me again. She moaned loudly, pulling her mouth from mine and throwing her head back. I squeezed her butt and dipped my tongue in the hollow of her neck. I felt her shiver and moved one of my hands from her ass to the sweet spot between her legs, smiled when I realized she wasn’t wearing underwear. I stroked her clit, smiled wider when she screamed, “Shit!”

“Shit, what?” I asked as I plunged my tongue into her mouth. She tried to answer me, but couldn’t as our tongues tangled. I don’t think I took a breath for two or three minutes as we kissed like our lives depended on it.

I was so hard, I was about to explode. That didn’t get any better when she reached inside my boxers and grabbed ahold of me.

“Wait…wait, a sec,” I said after I managed to stop kissing her.

She slid her hand up and down my shaft, and said, “No, I can’t. Shit, I can’t wait.”

“Trevia, baby...I need to get a condom from my room.”

She let go. “Okay...okay. Let’s go.”

“No. Wait here.”

Standing from my lap, she snatched my shirt over her head. “Hurry.”

“Damn,” I said before rushing out of the room and up the stairs. I almost tripped on the steps on my way up there. I felt like I was fifteen again, sneaking big booty Domeka Greene through my window in my aunt’s and uncle’s house, about to give her my virginity.

When I got back, she was lying on my sofa, legs wide open. I damn near lost it, was fumbling trying to open the condom wrapper, dropped it in the process. “Shit!”

She sat up. “You want me to do it?”

“No, I got it.” I picked it up, got it open, and slipped it on.

“Hurry up,” she whined.

“I’m coming, baby.”

I climbed on top of her, covering her plump breasts with my hands as I kissed her. Her mouth abandoned mine as she wrapped those legs around me and pulled me close to her, sucking on my neck while her moaning filled my ears. I wanted to bury myself inside of her, but I was determined not to rush.

She lifted her head and whispered in my ear, “Remember when you asked me if I wanted you to fuck me?”

“Yeah...”

“The answer is yes. I want you to fuck me…I want you to fuck me right now. I am so wet, baby.”

That did it. I eased inside of her and yelled, “Oh, shit!” as I slid in and out of her slickness.

Wet was an understatement.

She was drenched.

She continued holding me close to her body, breathing heavily and whispering all kinds of nasty stuff in my ear as I glided my hand between us, stroking her clit while I pumped harder and faster.

I’d never felt anything so good in all my life.

I closed my eyes and felt her walls spasm around me. She shouted my name as my body stiffened and I filled the condom. I spent the remainder of the night right there between her legs. I slept like a baby.





20



I stood in his shower for the second time in less than twenty-four hours, unsure of how I felt. Oh, the sex was great, but I was disappointed in myself for breaking my own rule. No, he wasn’t Wesley. He didn’t look like him or talk like him, but there was this feeling niggling at me that I was making the same mistakes I’d made with Wes. I was afraid fast sex was going to lead us down a road to a bad ending. As I stood under the warm water and let it wash over me. I vowed to slow this thing down. No more sex for at least another month.

I didn’t hear the shower door slide open, but I felt the sudden influx of cool air battle the warm water. Before I could turn around, I felt him behind me as he placed his hands on my arms and kissed my shoulder while pressing his erection against my butt.

I closed my eyes and leaned into him. He brushed his mouth against my ear, and whispered, “You caught me off guard last night, had me fumbling and shit.”

As he reached around and covered both of my breasts with his hands, I sucked in a breath, and said, “I’m sorry.”

“Nah...I ain’t nowhere near mad, but I do want to show you how it feels to be caught like that.”

He dragged his tongue up the side of my neck before turning me around to face him. I looked him in the eye, and forgetting everything but him and what I was feeling at that moment, I murmured, “Show me.”



*****



“My sister!” I shrieked. “What do you mean we’re having lunch with my sister?” I was lying in his bed trying to revive from our indescribably good shower sex. If it wasn’t a shame, I would’ve dragged his ass back in there and demanded a repeat. Up until the moment he dropped the whole lunch thing on me, I was enjoying the tingling sensation that lingered all over my body.

“Your sister called me this morning when I was cooking breakfast, before our shower. She wanted me to know they sold out of the pre-sale tickets for tonight. I mentioned you’d be there tonight with me again. I thought she knew you were in town, but she was shocked. And then she invited us to lunch with her and her husband. What was I supposed to do? Refuse?”

“You were supposed to talk to me first.”

“Damn, it’s your sister! I didn’t think it’d be a problem.”

“She’s not the problem. I’m not trying to break bread with her husband!”

He sat up straight in the bed, causing me to drop from his chest onto the soft mattress. “Why? He do something to you?” he asked in a strained voice, his forehead creased in a frown.

I sat up beside him. “It’s not like that. I just don’t like him. I don’t think they should be together.”

I watched his face relax. “Oh...why?”

“Just a feeling, I guess. Plus, he’s too old for her and she’s so naive. Jayla has money she inherited from our grandfather. I’m afraid he’s going to take advantage of her. He’s making all the decisions for her. Personal and business.”

He frowned again. “Nah, I think you got him wrong. Looks to me like your sister is running the show.”

My frown mirrored his. “What?”

“When we were setting up my long-term contract, nothing went down until your sister stepped in that room. Amir didn’t say a word. Your sister handled the negotiation.”

“Really?”

“Yeah, and my manager said it was like that when he set up my first performance at Plush. From what I hear, the place is Amir’s vision but Jayla is the boss.”

I was surprised but knew I shouldn’t have been. Jayla wasn’t dumb by a long shot. She graduated top of her class at Baylor. Maybe I was just projecting my own man-related stupidity onto my sister. If that was the case, I really needed to get a grip. “Oh...”

He chuckled and shook his head. “Baby, you’re a trip.”

“I know. Sorry for jumping down your throat. I guess lunch is okay. We’ll have to go by my hotel room so I can get my clothes, though.”

“All right, and hey, stop apologizing to me. You’re good...very good.”

I grinned. “Is that right?”

“Yes, as a matter of fact, I wouldn’t mind having a little more of your goodness before lunch.”

“You trying to wear me out? Want me to be staggering around here?”

“You weak, baby?”

“Yeah…”

“So you don’t want any more of me?”

I reached over and pulled him on top of me. “I didn’t say that, but if we keep this up, you’re going to have to carry me to your car.”

“Shit, you think I won’t?”



*****



“Hey, Trevia. It’s Wes. Just wanted to call to check on you, but I guess you’re busy. I’ve been missing you. Been wanting to come by and see you, but I’ve been working a lot lately. I’m still dancing at the Chocolate Playground, but since that’s only part-time, I’m working at a factory, too. Trying to save up to get me a place of my own. When I do, I want you to be the first person to see it. And I want to take you out on a date. We didn’t do enough of that, you know? And I know you got tired of paying when we did go out. I didn’t treat you right, baby. I know I didn’t, but I loved you. Still do. Well, I’ll try to call you later, or you can call me. Love you. Bye.”

I shook my head as I erased the message. I was glad he was making changes in his life, but he was too late. I had definitely moved on with mine.

“You ready?” Nyles called from downstairs in his townhouse.

“Yeah, coming!” I replied.

I checked myself in his bathroom mirror and left to go to my sister’s house.





21



Trevia’s sister lived in an office building downtown that had been repurposed into apartment units. I had looked at a couple of them when I started making good money and was looking to get from under my parents’ thumb. I liked them but didn’t like the idea of living downtown.

Jayla opened the door and greeted both of us with a huge smile and a hug. She gave me a little wink and a thumbs up when Trevia’s back was turned. I smiled and gave her a nod, mouthed, “Thank you.”

Jayla excused herself to the kitchen, and Amir appeared in the living room with a grin on his face, yanking a bewildered-looking Trevia into a hug. I didn’t know whether to feel sorry for her, or laugh, or kick his ass for touching her.

I must’ve been looking crazy when he approached me, because he first stepped to me with open arms, then offered me his hand. “Nyles, so good to have you here. Man, you are amazing!”

“Well, thanks.” I stepped up next to Trevia and wrapped an arm around her shoulders. “Hey, uh...take it easy with that hugging stuff, all right?” Like I said, I really didn’t trust light-skinned dudes, and his ass was doing the most.

He dropped the smile and looked from me to Trevia and back. “Ohhhh, I’m sorry. I meant no disrespect. She’s family, you know?”

I nodded. “Yeah, I know.”

As we followed him into the kitchen, Trevia whispered, “Thanks.”

“No problem, baby.”

The apartment looked like something from a movie set. It was full of really expensive furniture. Over dinner, Jayla went on and on about how Amir had conceived and designed the place. The food was good, but I understood why Trevia didn’t like him. Sitting at their table, watching Amir and Jayla interact, something did seem a little off. I just couldn’t put my finger on what it was.

I was glad when the lunch was over, and in the car on our way back to my place, I apologized for ambushing her with the date.

“It’s all right. We made my sister happy, so that’s a good thing.”

“Yeah, but I think you’re right about Amir. There’s something not quite right about him.”





22



“So y’all finally did it?!” I screamed into the phone.

“Damn…yes. You act like we’ve been trying to get there for years.”

“Well, that’s how you were acting, Denise. Sooo, was it worth the wait?”

“Giiiirl, yes! He was the bomb!”

“Better than Mr. Buhari?”

“Of course not. I told you, I know I’ll never top my ex-husband, probably because I was so in love with him. But I’d give Christian a good B+ to Kevin Buhari’s A+”

“Really? That’s impressive. So how did it happen? I mean, what changed?”

“I called him and told him I was frustrated because I wanted to take things further. He explained that most of the women he dated were on some Steve Harvey, wait-three-months shit. I told him I read the book, but I wasn’t studying no three-month stuff. I told him it had literally been years since I met anyone I even wanted to have sex with. A few hours later, he was at my door and it was on!”

“Well. I am so happy you got you some.”

“Me, too! So, uh...what about you and Nyles?”

“Well—”

“Oh, wait! Greer is calling me. I’ma add her to our call. Hold on.”

Neither of us had spoken to Greer in a while. I was glad to know I was about to hear her voice.

“Okay, Trevia, you still there?” Denise asked.

“Yeah,” I said.

“Greer, you here?” said Denise.

“Yeah, what’re you two hens clucking about without me?”

I smiled. “We didn’t have a choice but to cluck without you. You’ve been on radio silence since you went to the doctor. What’s going on?”

“I’ll get to that later. What’s up with y’all?” Greer asked.

“Well, Denise was just filling me in on her booty call with Christian,” I said.

“What?!” Greer shouted.

“He’s more than a booty call. I think we might be on our way to something,” Denise explained.

“Girl, you gonna mess around and be moving to Houston! I’ll be so glad if you do!” Greer said.

“I might be right behind her,” I informed them.

“What?!” they screamed in unison.

“Yep, Nyles and I are a thing now.”

“Damn, that was quick,” Greer said.

“Not really. It’s been over a month since I first saw him at Plush.”

“Hell, that’s an eternity compared to how fast she moved with Wesley,” Denise said.

“Wow, thanks, ’Nise,” I said.

“Wait...so have the two of you done it yet?” Greer probed.

“Girl, she says she’s gonna make the man wait,” Denise said.

“Yeah, well, that didn’t happen, but him sexing the hell outta me did,” I divulged.

They both screamed and hollered into the phone, and I just fell out laughing.

“Oooh, I knew he would be good in bed!” Denise exclaimed. “I bet he be reciting poetry and shit while he’s doing it.”

“No, he actually didn’t say much either time. I did all the talking, said some stuff I’m actually ashamed of. I never got that raunchy with Wes.”

“You know it’s good when they have you talking nasty!” Denise declared.

“Mm-hmm,” Greer agreed.

“It was better than good,” I said.

“Better than Wes?” Greer asked.

“Girl, yes, and I would’ve never thought that was possible. Maybe it’s that I knew Nyles longer before we did it. I just feel more connected to him. Everything felt hotter, you know? I thought we were gonna burn each other up!”

“I bet your ass ain’t having no more freaky dreams now, are you?” Denise queried.

I thought about it for a second or two. “As a matter of fact, I’m not.”

“See there, all you needed was a good dose of penis.”

I laughed out loud at Denise’s statement.

“Well, I’m happy for you, Trevia,” Greer said.

“Me, too,” Denise chimed in. “Now, Greer, you wanna go ahead and tell us you’re pregnant?”

I actually heard Greer gasp before she said, “What?”

“Girl, come on. Either that, or you have some kind of dreaded disease, and you don’t sound sick to me,” Denise said.

“Yeah...I really thought you were sick at first, but the more I thought about it, the more I realized the only thing that would send you into hiding is a pregnancy,” I offered.

“Shoot, that would send me into hiding, too. I’m not ready to be a mother,” Denise said.

Greer sniffled into the phone.

“Oh, I’m sorry. Are we wrong? Is it something else?” I asked.

“No…no, that’s it. I’m pregnant. I was really scared when I first found out, scared I was gonna screw this kid up or something, but I’m happy about it now, and Derek is too excited. How did you two figure it out? You’ve been discussing it?”

“We kind of mentioned it in passing after you lost touch with us, but I don’t think either of us was sure,” Denise said.

“Like I said, I really thought you were sick at first,” I remarked.

“Yeah...I’m sorry I went into hiding. I had a lot to process. Derek and I were going to wait a couple of years before trying for a baby. I’ll have to cut back on traveling. I just had to let everything sink in before telling anyone.”

“Well, truthfully, you’ve already cut back on traveling since being married,” I said.

“Yeah, you’re right. I hang around the house more than anything these days, but I love it. Anyway, I’m good with it now that it’s sunk in. Still scared, but I know Derek will be there with me every step of the way.”

“How far along are you?” Denise asked.

“Three months. Y’all two aunties need to go on and get with these men so you can move here and help me.”

“The way I’m feeling about Nyles right about now, that just might happen. The harder I try to slow things down, the more I want to be with him.”

“I told you. The heart knows what it wants, and yours wants Nyles Adams,” Greer said.

I smiled. “Yeah...it does.”





23





I lay on my stomach in my bed, my head resting on my folded arms, my eyes on Nyles who lay beside me staring at the ceiling. There was a slight smile on his face as his breathing began to even out. I had just barely caught my own breath when I asked, “What are you smiling about?”

With his eyes still on the ceiling, he said, “This...us. I could stay in this bed all day with you.”

“Um, we basically have. You got here at ten this morning. It’s almost one in the afternoon, and my bed is the only part of my house you’ve seen.”

“Nah, I saw the living room and the stairs and the hallway up here on my way to this bed. Girl, damn, I had plans to do more than this, but all I wanna do is make love to you. You’re doing something to me.”

“Whatever it is, you’re doing it to me, too. Got me breaking all of my own rules. Got me thinking about you all the time when we’re apart.” I scooted near him and eased my hand down his body to his shaft, which seemed to instantly harden in my hand. “Got me wanting this body of yours twenty-four-seven.”

“You want it like that, huh?” he asked, as I began to stroke him.

“Yeah...all the time. I dream about it.”

“What you be dreaming, baby?” he asked, his voice strained as my hand continued to massage his erection.

“I dream about riding you, sitting on your face, licking all over your body...” I was so nasty around him...and I liked it.

He placed his hand over mine, stopping me. “Come ride me, then.”

I climbed on top of him, my eyes on his as he guided his shaft inside of me.

“Oooooh,” I murmured at the sensation of him filling me. I eased up and down, trying to find my rhythm as he reached around and gripped my ass with both of his hands, encouraging me to move faster. I bent forward as I continued to slide up and down his erection, my body quivering all over. I found his mouth and dipped my tongue inside it, tasting his. Then I sat up, staring down at him as he gazed up at me.

“Damn, baby. Damn...” he moaned.

I continued to ride him, feeling the pressure building inside of me as he reached between us and began stroking my bud, something he did every time we made love. Something he knew drove me wild. I started screaming all kinds of crazy stuff about him, his penis, and Miss Kitty. I think I called him out of his name more than twice, basically cursed him out. An explosive orgasm made me clutch the skin of his toned chest, digging my nails into his flesh. I had collapsed against his body when he thrusted a final time and screamed my name.

Catching his breath for the fifth time that day, he said, “Shit, baby.”



*****



“How is where we’re going a surprise? Dallas is my town. Ain’t nothing you can show me here I don’t already know about.”

He grinned and glanced over at me as he dipped in and out of lanes on the North Central Expressway, making his way to some unknown-to-me location, or so he thought. In my younger days, I had literally hit every night spot in town. If he was going to surprise me, it would have to be a brand new establishment or an especially ratchet one. I hoped it wasn’t Frenchy’s.

Nyles had arrived at my front door that Monday, a week or so after our first weekend together, with plans to spend the week with me. I’d taken off work for the week since I had no special orders pending and the boutique was pretty well stocked up with my creations. My two employees were ecstatic about the extra hours I scheduled for them so I could spend the week with Nyles. Of course, I would go in to put out any fires that popped up, but by and large I was his for the week. I was to go back to Houston with him for the weekend since he had shows on Friday and Saturday at Plush.

“I guaran-damn-tee you, you haven’t been to this place,” he said.

“We shall see, Mr. Adams.”

He was right.

I had never, and would never, frequent a place called the Midnight Cowboy. Not in a million years.

Never. Ever.

Ever.

As he opened the passenger door of his car for me, I hesitantly climbed out onto the pavement of the packed parking lot that Thursday night and eyed the building warily, took note of the huge neon cowboy with a lasso in his hand hanging on the front of the building and the very white people lined up at the door. “Uh…what are we doing here?”

“It’s a club. We’re here to kick it,” he said, as he reached for my hand and attempted to lead me to the building. I didn’t budge.

“Uh…is this a country and western club?”

He smiled and nodded. “Yep.”

“I’m not going in there, Nyles.”

His smile widened. “Why? You scared?”

“Yeah, as a matter of fact, I am. That place is probably full of rabid Trump supporters. I’m not tryna see you get lynched or me become the fulfillment of some redneck’s violent black sex fantasy all in the name of them making ‘Merica great again.” I put a twang on the end of my statement.

He laughed loudly. “Come on, I promise you’re safe with me. You think I’d put myself in danger, let alone you?”

He did have a point. He loved himself way too much to endanger his own life. So I let him lead me to the back of the line. The tall, pale guy in front of us turned and tipped his cowboy hat at Nyles and winked at me. Then he turned back around. I wasn’t sure how any of that made me feel.

Once inside the huge club, I took in my surroundings. The table and chairs where rustic, made out of heavy wood. Barrels and empty feeding troughs were situated throughout the place as decoration. There was a stage at the far end of the space with what I guessed was a DJ set up in the middle of it. The dancefloor was full of people line-dancing to some song I had never heard before. I had a feeling that would be the case with every song they played. In addition to the rustic décor, there were lights flashing and big neon sculptures of cowboys and cowboy boots and cowboy hats hanging on the walls. The long, saloon-style bar was lined with people sitting on wooden barstools. The bartenders wore bowler hats, white shirts with black bands around their upper arms, string bow ties, and black vests just like old west bartenders wore in the movies my grandfather used to love watching.

As we took a seat at a table a few feet from the dancefloor, a waitress wearing distressed daisy dukes and a red halter top approached us and took our drink orders. After she left, Nyles took his phone out and started tapping on it.

“You better not be texting some other woman,” I teased.

He shook his head without looking up. “Never that, baby. I can barely handle your sexy ass.”

I smiled and thanked the waitress who had returned with my amaretto sour and Nyles’ straight whiskey. A second later, a tall, blond man wearing what seemed to be the uniform of the establishment’s patrons—cowboy hat, jeans, button-down shirt, and cowboy boots—approached our table and shouted, “Wild Nyles!”

“Ole Boy!” Nyles yelled as he hopped up from his seat and embraced the man.

“Grant Kimble, this is my lady, Trevia McCall. Baby, Grant is an old college buddy of mine, and he also owns this dump.”

“Fuck you, Nyles,” the man said with a grin before extending his hand to me. “Pleased to meet you, but you really need to rethink keeping company with this asshole.”

I took his hand and laughed. “He’s not that bad.”

Grant slapped Nyles on his back. “Yeah, he’s good people.” He wrapped an arm around Nyles’ shoulder, and added, “I need to get back in the office, but it’s great seeing you, man. Drinks on me. I’ll even take your ass home if you get drunk.” He nodded at me. “Pleasure to meet you. Enjoy your night here, ma’am.”

“Thank you,” I said. After Nyles reclaimed his seat, I asked, “College buddy?”

He threw back his whiskey and signaled the waitress. “Yeah…we were roommates at A&M for two years before I dropped out. I hated his ass at first. He was always blasting that country music, always wearing them loud-ass boots. He hated me, too. But after we got to know each other, we became good friends. I would take him to some spots back home in Houston some weekends. He’s from here in Dallas, so he’d take me to some of the country spots here. Being his friend taught me that we all just want the same thing in life, no matter the color.”

“What’s that?”

“To love, be loved, have a good time, and to get sloppy-ass drunk whenever we want to without being judged in the process.”

I nodded. “I see. What’s with the nicknames, Wild Nyles?”

“Oh, that?”

“Yeah, that.”

He shrugged. “I was just doing what most college guys do.”

“Screwing a different girl every night?”

“Well…not every night. But yeah, I did some stuff. Sex, drinking, you know…”

“Mm-hmm, and what’s with ‘Ole Boy?’”

“Aw, that’s what I would call him when I was on the phone complaining to my friends about his redneck ass before I got to know him. Didn’t know he overheard me a time or two. The name just ended up sticking.”

“Hmm.”

He chuckled. “You really are a trip, you know that?”

I took a sip of my drink. “Why? Because I’m curious?”

“No, because you be all prim and proper and articulate until you get in the bedroom. Then you get all nasty, start cursing me out and shit.”

“You got a problem with that?”

“Hell, naw! I love that shit.”

I crossed my legs and leaned back in my chair. “Well, you’re one to talk. You can stand on a stage and bend word after word to your will. You can verbally spar with the best of them in an argument or just a regular conversation, but when you get in the bedroom, you’re relegated to shouting four-letter words and grunting.”

He shrugged while flashing me a lopsided grin. “Touché, Ms. McCall. But you do know you’re the only woman who does that to me. That thang have me speechless.”

I lifted a brow. “I better be the only woman doing anything to you.”

“Oh, you are. You got me, Queen—mind, soul, and for damn sure, body. And my heart? You got it in a stranglehold.”

I felt my cheeks begin to heat up. “You got me, too, Nyles. You got me in a scary way.”

“Aw, girl, ain’t nothing to be scared of except this D.”

I shook my head. “You’re so stupid.”

“I know.”

“So you went to A&M and dropped out? What was your major? Why’d you drop out?”

“You judging me for dropping out because you got a fashion degree from…the Art Institute of Dallas, right?”

“You remembered. I’m impressed.”

“You just told me the other day.”

“It's nice to know you were paying attention.”

“Girl, don't you know I be hanging on your every word?”

I blushed. “I’m glad to hear that, And to answer your question, no, I’m not judging you. I just wanna know.”

“Well, my major was Mass Comm, and I dropped out when I realized I didn’t want to be there.”

“So what did you do for money after that? I assume you didn’t start off making a lot of money from doing spoken word.”

“No, I didn’t. Believe it or not, I worked for an Internet start-up for a couple of years. It was run by another old college friend. I worked in the marketing department. I hated that shit, but it paid well until they went under. Then I started working for my manager, who’s also my uncle. He was managing some rappers and I was kind of his assistant. I was still living in the apartment my folks got for me, and they would send me money to help out despite being pissed about me dropping out because they felt guilty about not raising me. Shit, they still send me big checks for my birthday and at Christmas. Anyway, I jumped onstage during one of the groups’ sound checks at some club and recited one of my poems. The manager was there and was so impressed, he thought I was signed on as an artist with my uncle, too. Booked me right on the spot. And the rest is history. My uncle tells me I’m now his top-earning artist of all time.”

“Wow, but I believe it. You are ridiculously talented, Nyles. I’m in awe of your way with words.”

“Until I’m having sex with you, huh?” he asked with a grin.

“I’m in awe of something else, then.”

He stood and reached across the table for my hand. “Dance with me, baby. I love this song.”

I opened my ears to the music I had been tuning out since we arrived as I took his hand and let him lead me to the dancefloor full of slow-dragging couples. He pulled me into his arms, and I rested my head against his chest, shorter than him in the gold, low-heeled shoes I’d paired with the denim jumper dress I’d decided to wear despite the fact that I had no idea we were going to a club that amounted to a field of denim. He wore jeans and a Nyles Speaks t-shirt. I was going to have to get me one of those shirts.

We swayed to a song that was more blues than country. I closed my eyes as the singer sang the heartfelt lyrics with the soul of Otis Redding. His style was reminiscent of his, as well. Nyles held me tightly as we danced, and I smiled and squeezed my arms around him. He felt like everything good in the world I had ever wanted, and he smelled like heaven. At that moment, I believed I belonged in his arms, always had, just didn’t know it. Despite all of my misgivings, at that moment, it just felt right to be with him and to want to be with him. Maybe all of the negativity about our little relationship that tended to crop up from time to time in my mind was about Wes, like Denise and Greer said. Maybe Nyles was right. Maybe he was my soul mate after all.

I smiled up at him. “What’s this song?”

“Tennessee Whiskey. Why? You like it?”

“Mm-hmm, and it’s got me hot as hell for you right now.” I leaned in and flicked my tongue against his ear and then pressed my mouth to it, and whispered, “I’m burning up.”

Without another word, he stopped dancing, took my hand, and led me out of the club.

“Where are we going?” I asked, as we approached his car.

“To put that fire out.”

We ended up in my bed with our clothes littering the floor around us.





24



Nyles was in the shower, getting ready for his show at my sister’s club. It was Friday night, and we’d enjoyed spending time together in my town that week. I’d taken him to my boutique and we even had dinner with Denise. Now we were back at his place, and I was trying to figure out which of the outfits I’d brought with me I would wear to the club. At the moment, I was wearing nothing.

His doorbell chimed, and I peeked in the bathroom door and yelled, “Someone’s at your door!”

He slid the shower door open. Seeing his bronze body glisten with water, I had half a mind to join him in there. “It can’t be anyone but Uncle Marl or one of the guys from the quartet. Go see. And put some clothes on. I don’t wanna have to whoop nobody’s ass.”

I rolled my eyes. “I only answer the door naked for you.”

“I better be the only one.”

I threw on one of his t-shirts and a pair of his jogging pants, pulling the drawstring tight around my waist as I trotted to the front door and opened it. On the other side stood a very petite, light-skinned woman with shoulder-length, curly, jet-black hair. In the somewhat dim light the bulb outside his door provided, I could see that she was pretty in a more white than black in your bloodline kind of way. She was wearing a pair of jeans and a white blouse. Smiling until she caught sight of me, she peered behind me and frowned. “Is Nyles here? I see his car is.”

She had a bit of an attitude, and my first thought was she was someone Nyles had been seeing. My heart dropped. “Yes, he’s in the shower.”

“Well, who are you?” she asked, placing a hand on her hip.

I tilted my neck back and frowned. “The woman who’s standing in his doorway and wearing his clothes. The one who just climbed out of his bed. Who the hell are you?”

Just then, Nyles walked up behind me, placed a hand on my shoulder, and said, “Who is it, baby?”

Before I could answer him, she said, “Nyles, I’ve been calling and calling!”

He squeezed by me. Standing in front of me on the landing of his townhouse wearing nothing but a towel, he said, “Ma?”



*****



“Please come downstairs, baby. Please.”

I shook my head and buried my face in my hands. “No!”

He scooted closer to where I was seated at the foot of the bed. “Trevia, I told her it was a misunderstanding. She looks young. It’s understandable.”

“No! This is too embarrassing. I can’t face her. Just tell her-tell her I’m sorry. I am so ashamed. I just thought...”

“It’s not the first time someone thought she was not my mother.”

“I bet it’s the first time one of your girlfriends disrespected her to her face.”

“Trevia, she’s never met any of my other girlfriends.”

“Wow, what a first impression I made.”

“Please come meet her. You took off running up here before I could introduce you.”

I sighed. “I can’t.”

“She won’t bite. She’s just your typical, forty-five-year-old black woman. And I told you my folks feel guilty for not raising me. She won’t be anything but nice to you.”

“She had an attitude with me from the second I answered the door, Nyles.”

“I bet she won’t have one around me. I bet that.”

“She looks thirty, thirty-five tops. And you look nothing like her. How was I supposed to know she was your mother?”

“I know...I look like my dad.”

“She looks mixed or something. I mean, how could I have known?”

“Baby, just come meet her. For me.”

I shook my head.

He gently kissed my cheek. “Did I tell you how sexy you look in my clothes?”

“No...”

“Well, you do. Makes me want to do things to you.”

“Your mother’s in the house. Stop.”

He nuzzled my neck while rubbing my breast through my shirt. “Come meet my mother or I’ma make you shout nasty shit and she’ll hear it.”

“Fine,” I groaned.

I followed him down the stairs with my eyes downcast and sat next to him on the sofa. Actually, I almost sat on top of him. His mother was fiddling with his stereo.

“Ma,” Nyles began, “this is my queen, Trevia. Baby, this is my mother, Dantionette Adams.”

I lifted my eyes to find her a few paces closer to us with a smile on her face. “Nice to meet you, Trivia.”

“It’s Trevia, Ma,” Nyles corrected.

“Oh, okay. Sorry about that.” She finally made it to the sofa and proffered her hand to me.

I shook it, and said, “It’s really good to meet you. And I’m so sorry about earlier. I thought you were... Well, I didn’t know you were Nyles’ mother. I never ever would’ve said anything even remotely—”

“It’s all right. It’s nice to see someone who obviously cares for my son. You were ready to do battle with me.” She chuckled.

I dropped my hand. Wow, he was right. Her whole demeanor had changed. “Well,” I said, “I was gonna do battle with him, too.”

She threw her head back and laughed. I glanced at Nyles who gave me a smirk and mouthed, “Fake.” I fought not to laugh myself.

“So, Ma…what are you doing here?”

“I came to see you! Been here all week. Marl had no idea where you were.”

“Yeah, well, I don’t run my every move by Uncle Marl. So why did you say you were in town?”

She sighed as she perched on the edge of his coffee table. “I’ve met someone. Someone special, and I want you to meet him.”

“Wow...okay.”

“And we’re engaged,” she gushed, thrusting her left hand into Nyles’ face.

He nodded. “He know you’re already married?”

She pulled her hand back. “Your father has agreed to a divorce. Can you believe it?”

“Not really, but good for you. Um, Ma...we were getting ready for my show. So...”

“Okay, I’ll get out of your hair. I really want you to meet my fiancé. When is a good time for you?”

“Bring him to my show at Plush tonight.”

“Plush?”

“Yeah, Trevia’s sister owns it. I’ll text you the details.”



*****



Why I agreed to sit with Nyles’ mother instead of hang out backstage is beyond me. Maybe I thought it was the proper thing to do, to sit and chit-chat with the mother of the man I was crazy about. Or maybe I was just curious, nosy to see what she’d have to say about Nyles. But for whatever reason, there I sat with her and her short, stocky fiancé, Montell.

“This is nice,” she said, glancing around the club. “And the music is excellent.”

Her fiancé nodded in agreement.

“Yes,” I said, “it’s geared toward grown folks, as my sister put it.”

“I see. Thanks for getting us these VIP seats.”

“Oh, no problem. Pays to know the owner.”

“And the star act, huh? I bet you never have to pay for drinks between your sister and my son.”

“Oh, I do from time to time.” I wasn’t sure what she was getting at, but I knew she was on her way to something malicious since Nyles wasn’t around. I could see it in her eyes. “Nyles must be the spitting image of his father. I don’t see you anywhere in him,” I said, trying to shift the conversation.

“Yes, he’s just like Isaiah.”

I nodded.

“How long have you and Nyles been seeing each other?”

“A few weeks.”

“Wow, you young girls move fast. Already living with him?”

I lifted a brow. “No, I own a house in Dallas. Nyles spent the week with me there and I came back here with him for the show.”

“Your own house? Well, that’s nice. What do you do for a living?”

“I’m an entrepreneur. I own a boutique where I sell clothes that I design and make myself.”

Her eyes widened. I think she was actually impressed. “Really?”

“Yes. I even make most of my own clothes. It’s hard for me to find clothes that fit me well because I’m tall and thin, with a really small waist, but I have curves, so store-bought clothes fit me weird. I used to have to take in the waist of everything I wore and take the hems out of the bottom of the pants and skirts because of my height. Now I just make what I want to wear. I can pretty much see something and make a pattern for it myself.”

“Did you make that dress you’re wearing now?”

I glanced down at the coral wrap dress that fit me like a glove. “Yes.”

“My goodness! You’re talented!”

I smiled. “Thanks.”

“And gorgeous. At first I thought you were some wannabe model or something, but I should’ve known better. It would take more than looks for my son to want to be with you. I see now why Nyles likes you. You’re a smart one.”

“Well, thanks. I like him, too. A lot. He’s the talented one and the smart one.”

“I won’t argue with that.”

Our conversation was halted when Nyles and Mood Music took the stage.





25



I was half-asleep later that night with Nyles snuggled closely behind me when he softly said, “My mom was really impressed with you.”

“Hmm, that’s a good thing, right? That’s what you wanted?”

“I’m glad she likes you, but you weren’t going anywhere even if she didn’t.”

“Good to know my spot is secure.”

“It definitely is.”

The room fell silent for so long I had almost dropped off to sleep again. Then he said, “Hey, baby?”

“Yeah?” I groggily answered.

“What’d that stripper dude do to you?”

Well, that woke me up. “What? Didn’t my sister tell you?”

“Nah, she just told me he messed up bad. What’d he do?”

“I try not to talk about it, Nyles.”

“Why? Did he hit you or something?” He had raised his voice.

I sighed and flipped over, looking him in the eye. “No, he did not hit me. He was never violent with me. But I guess you could say he was emotionally abusive towards me. He was a dog who cheated on me from the second we entered a relationship and hid a wife and two kids from me for three years. He lied. He used me, made a fool of me, and it hurt like hell. Took me a long time to get over him, but now I’m over him.”

“Damn…did you love him?”

“Yes, unfortunately I did. Maybe too much.”

He fell silent.

“Well, you asked...”

“Yeah, I know. Still doesn’t feel good to hear it.”

“I don’t love him anymore, Nyles.”

“You don’t love me, either, though.”

“We just got started, baby; give it some time. I do care deeply for you, though. You’re who I wanna be with.”

“Okay...”

“Come on,” I said, “it’s not like you love me already.”

“Why not?”

“So you think you love me?”

He nodded slightly. “I know I do. I loved you from the second I saw you.”

I was speechless, so I closed my eyes and didn’t reply.

“You don’t believe me?” he asked, his voice full of emotion.

I looked at him, took my finger and gently traced his lips. “I do.”

“You’re it, Trevia. You were made for me and I know that. In time, you’ll know it, too.”

“I believe I will.”

He drew me into his arms and kissed my forehead. “With all that being said, we’re having an early dinner with my Uncle Marl and his wife and my mom and Montell tomorrow, before my show.”

“Wow, is that what all the love talk was about? You were just buttering me up for this?”

“No, baby. I do love you.”

“Mm-hmm. Dinner, huh?”

“Yeah, a big family dinner.”

I sighed again. “Okay.”

“And baby?”

“Yeah?”

“That stripper dude was a damn fool.”

“I know.”



*****



We were in Nyles’ car on our way to his uncle’s house when the text came through.

Wesley: Hey, I’m just checking on u. U okay? I went by ur place. Ur car was in the driveway but you never came to the door. Just wanna be sure ur good.

I glanced at Nyles in the driver’s seat before answering.

Me: Hey, I’m fine. Out of town. Hope ur well.

Wes: Oh, okay. I’m good. I’ll check on u later. I love u.

I closed my messages and dropped my phone in my purse.

“Who you texting?” Nyles asked.

“My ex,” I said.

“The stripper?”

“Yes…”

“You serious?”

I nodded. “Yeah. What?”

I watched him squeeze the steering wheel. “You still talk to him?”

“Not really. He just texted me, said he was checking on me, and I replied. Is something wrong with that?”

“Hell, yeah! After all that shit he put you through?!”

“It’s not like—”

“Did he ever check on you when you were together?”

“N-no…”

“Then why the hell is he so concerned now?”

“I think he’s trying to turn over a new leaf, you know?”

“A new leaf, huh? Okay, tell me this, how would you feel if I had an ex texting me and I was texting her back?”

“I see your point, but there’s nothing between us.”

“Then stop texting his ass, Trevia.”

“Nyles—”

“Damn, are we together? I mean, do you want to be with me? Or are you keeping him hanging on just in case we don’t work out? Because that’s what it looks like.”

“Well, what do you want me to do? Ignore him?”

“Yes! Shit yeah! That, or tell him to step!”

“Nyles, I—”

“Tell me, this, Trevia. Why you texting a dude you’re tryna forget? You don’t want to talk about him, but you can talk to him?”

“Nyles, come on. You’re overreacting.”

“A’ight,” he said, as he parked in what I assumed was his uncle’s driveway, pulled out his cell phone, and began swiping at it.

“What are you doing?” I asked.

“Texting my ex.”

I sat there and tried to act like I didn’t care, but I did. “Okay, okay. I’m sorry. I will not text him anymore. I was just trying to be a friend to him.”

“Okay, that’s what I’m doing. Being a friend to Charlie.”

“Charlie?”

“Yeah, my ex. She was a stripper, too. Big old booty. I’ma text her and see how she is. You know, friend shit.”

“Nyles, stop. I said I won’t text him anymore.”

“Nah, we all need friends. Go on and text the motherfucker. Shit, call him and have a little chit-chat about the damn weather if you want. Tell him I said what’s up. I’ll just hit Charlie up, see if she still got that tattoo on her ass.”

“That’s not funny, Nyles.”

He looked up at me. “Am I laughing?”

He kept tapping on that damn phone until I snatched it out of his hand.

“Give me my phone, Trevia.”

“No,” I said. I was near tears, but I didn’t know why. My dumb ass didn’t even have to tell him it was Wes texting me. I was so stupid.

“That shit don’t feel good, does it?”

“No...I’m sorry.” I looked down at his phone, which was opened to his website. I wiped a single tear, and said, “You weren’t texting anyone?”

“No. You’re the only woman I want to talk to, Trevia. I just hope the feeling is mutual.”

My tears fell en masse. “It is. I don’t want anyone but you.”

He reached over and wiped my wet cheeks with his hand. “Baby, stop crying.”

I sniffled as he leaned across the console and kissed me. “I love you, Trevia, and I know you have a good heart, but that dude doesn’t even deserve to get to hear you curse him out.

“I know.”

He kissed me again, and said, “You okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine.”

“Good, now let’s get to my uncle’s house.”

I peered out the windshield at the neat house we were parked in front of. “This isn’t his house?”

“Nah, I don’t know whose house this is.”





26





Uncle Marl, my mother’s older half-brother by ten years, had lived in the same house since I could remember—a split level bungalow with three bedrooms and two baths. Two of the bedrooms were upstairs. The master was downstairs along with the living room, den, kitchen, and formal dining room. Uncle Marl and Aunt Thelma never had kids, so when my mom and dad both enlisted in the army when I was two and eventually were deployed to the Middle East, they gladly took me in and treated me as their own. That was another reason I let Marl manage me; a part of me felt like I owed it to him. My aunt and uncle welcomed Trevia with open arms, excited to meet the woman I’d been talking about during the family meals they made me have with them. It was a condition of me moving out of their place years ago when I was a teenager.

“You have to come break bread with us every week. I don’t care if it’s for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I just wanna be able to lay eyes on you and be sure you’re okay,” Aunt Thelma had said.

I obliged her for the most part. At least until my schedule started dictating my movements. But in the thirteen years since I left their house, I had only missed a few of those weekly meals.

Ma and Montell arrived late. But that was my mother for you. She liked attention and knew if she arrived on time, most of the attention would be on Trevia. By arriving late, she knew Trevia’s attention would have died down some. I was almost positive the attitude she gave Trevia was because of how pretty she was. My mama was used to being the prettiest woman in the room. I loved her, but Trevia had her beat by a mile, and she knew it. I didn’t tell Trevia about any of this, because although my mother’s approval didn’t mean shit to me, and I damn sure didn’t need her or my father’s approval for anything, I liked peace, and I didn’t want to do anything that might push Trevia away.

But that texting shit got under my skin.

I just couldn’t let that go.

Was I jealous? Hell, yeah! That dude messed her head up so bad I had to jump through hoops to get her to even give me a chance. He hurt her, and I couldn’t understand what the hell they had to talk about. I know how us men think, especially dogs. Not to say that I was one. I never even came close to committing to anyone before Trevia, but I told my fair share of lies to get what I wanted, and I knew what he was doing with that friendly texting shit. He was trying to get Trevia back. Trying to slide back into her heart, thinking she was still vulnerable to him. Not that I thought she was trying to get back with him or anything like that. Trevia’s heart was a good one, and I trusted her.

I just didn’t trust his ass.

So yeah, I got dramatic on her. Maybe I took it too far, but I was pissed, maybe even a little hurt, but I got my point across.

Over dinner, she smiled and answered my family’s questions, laughed when it was appropriate, but she was mostly quiet and that hurt my heart. In the car on the way back to my place, I reached for her hand, squeezed it in mine, and said, “I’m sorry for going off on you earlier. I just don’t want you to get played again.”

She looked at me with sadness in her eyes. “No, you were right. I need to cut all ties with him. What you and I have is good, and I have no business talking to him at all. It would hurt if you did the same thing.”

“I could’ve made my point in a better way, though. I just-I just love you. I never felt like this for anyone before. I’on wanna lose you to him.”

“You won’t. I’m yours, Nyles. I was just tryna be nice to him...I don’t even know why. Maybe because I want him to do better in life. Not for me, but for himself.”

“Trevia, I need to ask you something, and I need for you to be completely honest with me.”

“No, I don’t love him.”

“How you know that’s what I was gonna ask?”

“Well?”

“Yeah, that was it. You sure?”

“Yes, I’m positive. I care about him as a human being, but I am not in love with him.”

“Okay, baby.”

“And I’m done having anything to do with him.”

“Okay...so now you know you gotta make that texting stuff up to me, right?” he asked as he pulled to a stop in front of his place.

“I have no problem with that. Get your ass in that townhouse and get naked. I’ll take it from there.”

He grinned. “Yes, ma’am.”





27



Four months into our relationship, we had established a nice little routine. He spent the week days with me in Dallas, and I spent the weekends with him in Houston. Somehow I managed to pry myself away from him and go to the boutique three times a week, but for the most part, my employees, including two additions, ran the place and I started making a lot of clothes in my home. The three days I was in the boutique were mostly dedicated to fittings.

I cannot pinpoint the moment I fell in love with Nyles. It might have been that first time he kissed me on the dancefloor in Halo. Or maybe it was the first time we made love, when he was so nervous he dropped the condom, or maybe it was just one day when we were lying in his or my bed, wrapped in each other’s arms doing absolutely nothing. I wasn’t sure, but four months in, I knew I loved him, and I knew I had loved him long before I was willing to admit or acknowledge it. So on a Saturday evening, as he showered in preparation of another show at my sister’s club, I slipped into the stall with him and wrapped my long arms around his wet body. He lifted his arms and smiled as I kissed his soapy chest and let the water crush my afro. I hugged him tightly and softly planted kisses on his neck as the warm water cascaded over our brown bodies.

“Girl, what you tryna start?” he murmured as he slid his hand down my back to my butt and squeezed.

I looked into his eyes and kissed his lips. “I just wanted to come in here and tell you how much I love you.”

I rained kisses on his chest but stopped when he lifted my chin and pierced my eyes with his. “How much?” he asked.

“With everything in me. I love you mind, body, soul, and heart, baby. You and only you.”

He stared at me for what seemed like forever before leaning in and kissing me hungrily while lifting me from my feet. As I wrapped my legs around his body, I knew we were going to be late getting to the club that night.



*****



“Hey, girl. I’ve been texting you, but I haven’t heard back from you. Is there something going on with your phone? Anyway, I have this special meeting coming up with my sex addict group. It’s about milestones and shit like that. We can bring family, and I want you to be there with me…” He went on to give me the date, time, and place of the meeting and ended the message with, “Trevia, I really miss you. All right, bye.”

I quickly deleted the message as I sat on my toilet. It had been weeks since I’d heard from Wes via that fateful text I received that day on the way to Nyles’ uncle’s house, and I had been hoping that maybe he wouldn’t contact me again, which would save me from having to tell him not to contact me again. As badly as things ended with him, I really didn’t want to hurt his feelings when he was trying so hard to do better in life. But I also didn’t want to piss my man off, because I loved his arrogant behind. I sighed as I finished my business and washed my hands. He had started back up with the texts, which I ignored, a few days earlier, and now a voicemail. I was going to have to tell Wes to stop calling and texting.

“Shit, may as well get it over with now,” I mumbled to myself. So, I lowered the lid on the toilet, took a seat, and auto-dialed his number.

He quickly answered with a cheery, “Hello?”

“Hey, Wes. This is Trevia.”

“I know. You know I know your voice. It’s real good to hear it.”

“Yeah, thanks. Look, I need to tell—”

“Damn, you sound good. You sound like old times. I’ve missed you so much, girl.”

“Wes, I need you to listen to me.”

“All right…”

“Um…I’m in a relationship with someone, have been for almost five months now.”

Nothing from him.

“And…I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to contact me anymore. Okay? I don’t want to do anything to disrespect him.”

Still nothing.

“Wes, you still there?”

Finally, he said, “Yeah. I-uh-I guess I…I thought you would wait for me.”

I frowned slightly. “Did I do something to give you that impression?”

“No, it’s just that I know you loved me and I thought you’d wait. I didn’t think your love would fade so quickly.”

“It’s been nearly two years, or at least a year and a half since we split, Wes.”

“Yeah. You love him?”

“That’s not any of your business.”

“That’s a yes, then. Damn.”

“Look, I wish nothing but the best for you. I really do.”

“Yeah…thanks. Hey, will you at least think about coming to the meeting with me? You can just meet me there if you want.”

“Wes, I don’t think I can.”

He sighed into the phone. “All right. Well, bye, I guess…”

“Bye.”

I sat there for another five minutes before rejoining Nyles in the living room where he was sitting on the floor in front of my sofa watching something on my Roku. He was really into it, too.

I reclaimed my seat on the sofa behind him, and he scooted back between my legs so I could resume taking his braids down and combing his hair out. “You know,” I said, “for a man with no TVs in his house, you sure do love looking at mine when you’re here.”

He shrugged. “You got some good channels. Hey, what took you so long? I need to go fumigate the bathroom now?”

I popped him on the shoulder with the comb.

“Ow! Damn, I was just asking.”

“Mm-hmm. You still going to Greer’s shower with me?”

“Yeah…”

“Why’re you sounding like that?”

“Like what?” he asked.

“Like you wanna say no.”

“Because it’s a baby shower. That’s a woman thing.”

“I told you, Christian is doing a shower for Derek at the same time in a different part of their house. I think it’s gonna be in Derek’s man cave or something.”

“I said I would go.”

“Okay, just wanna make sure you weren’t tryna back out.”

“I’m not, but I expect to be rewarded.”

“Really, what you got in mind?”

“Something that’ll make you curse me all the way out.”

I leaned forward and he looked up at me with a big grin on his face, tilted his head up so that his lips met mine. I smiled down at him as I straightened back up and began combing his hair again. “It’d be my pleasure, baby.”





28



“Eminem! You must be out your damn mind! You gonna sit here and tell me the greatest of all time, the GOAT of rap, is Eminem?” Nyles nearly shouted. We were at my favorite barbecue joint tearing up a slab of ribs.

“Who’s your choice, then? And if you say Drake, I’m cursing you out!”

“Hell, naw! Not Drake. ’Pac!”

“’Pac was good, but come on, you know he wasn’t better than Eminem.”

He pointed a half-eaten rib at me. “Look, the white boy can rap, but he don’t deserve the title.”

“Because he’s white?”

“Hell, yeah. Book of Nyles, page seventy-five which is located in chapter eight, states: Rap is our shit. A black rapper gets the title by default.”

“So ability doesn’t matter?”

“It does. Ability, longevity, re-playability. Look, we got Brenda’s Got a Baby, I Get Around, Dear Mama, Hail Mary, To Live and Die in LA, So Many Tears, and California Love. What your boy got to compete with that repertoire?”

“My Name Is, Stan, Lose Yourself…uh, all that stuff he did with Dre...”

He gave me a smirk.

“Shit, you win.”

“I know I win!”

We both laughed.

Nyles drained his soda, and said, “This is fire! You come here a lot?”

“Used to.”

“With the stripper?”

“He has a name.”

“I know. It’s Stripper Nigga.”

I shook my head. “Why are you this person?”

“Who? The person you love?”

“Whatever, but anyway...to answer your question, yes.”

“Hmm.”

“Hmm, what?”

“Nothing, I’m just wondering how you ended up with a stripper.”

“I thought you weren’t gonna judge me for that. How’d you end up with one?”

He shrugged. “Back then, I was just tryna get laid.”

“Me, too.”

His eyes widened.

“What?”

“Nothing. I mean, damn...that was honest.”

“No sense in me lying about it. I saw him and I wanted to have sex with him. Trying to take the relationship further than that ended up being a disaster.”

“I hear you.”

“What about you? Any bad break-ups?”

“Not really. I mean, I regret messing with a couple of women because they were crazy as hell. But I never had a real relationship before you.”

“I just find that so hard to believe. You never called anyone your girlfriend?”

“Not since high school. Been focusing on my career.”

“For real, Nyles? Tell the truth.”

“Okay…there were women in my life, but nothing serious. At least not to me. Not like us.”

“So, what made you want a relationship now…with me?”

“You did, and you’re the only woman who could. But you know that. I already told you. You like hearing it, don’t you?”

I nodded. “Yeah…I love hearing it.”

He gave me a lopsided grin. “I’ve spoiled your ass.”

I shrugged. “Maybe…is that a problem?”

“Not at all, baby. Not at all. Aye, I’ma go see if there’s anything good on the jukebox.”

“Okay. Hurry back.”

“I will.”

As he crossed the crowded restaurant and perused the musical selections with his back to me, I stared at his butt in his jeans and smiled. Damn, my man was fine! I was so busy admiring him that I didn’t notice the guy when he approached. As a matter of fact, he’d already taken Nyles’ seat before I realized what was going on.

With a deep frown, I said, “Um…that seat’s taken.”

He was a decent-looking guy with dark skin and a white smile, but his ass needed to move before Nyles made it back to the table, because one thing I knew for sure was that Nyles didn’t mind getting ignorant when it came to me.

“I can see that, but you looked lonely sitting there by yourself. Thought maybe you needed some company,” the guy said.

I glanced at Nyles and back at the guy. “Oh, I’ll have some in a second.”

He followed my eyes to Nyles. “You with that pretty boy with the braids? Come on, now. You need to get with this, baby. With your fine ass.”

“You need to—”

“You lost, partner?”

My eyes widened at the sound of Nyles’ voice coming from behind me. He’d crept up on me while I was talking to this nut. “Baby, I don’t know who the hell this is, but I told him that was your seat,” I explained.

“Oh, this you, man?” the guy asked, as if he didn’t know. He’d probably seen Nyles leave the table before he approached me.

“All damn day,” Nyles replied. “And I’ma need you to get up out my damn seat.”

The guy’s smile disappeared from his face. I was sure he heard the same thing I heard in Nyles’ voice—that he was not playing. At all.

The guy hopped up and raised both his hands. “All right. I ain’t tripping. She fine, though.”

Nyles stepped in front of the guy so fast, I thought we were in The Matrix or something. “The hell you say?”

The guy backed away from Nyles a bit. “Shit, man. I just complimented your girl. That’s all.”

“I don’t need you to tell me my woman is fine. I know that. Hell, that’s why she’s my woman. What I need you to do is step off before I put my foot in your ass.”

The guy kept backing away. “Shit, I’m leaving. Damn…” He muttered some more stuff under his breath as he quickly headed out the door.

Rather than reclaim his seat, Nyles laid some money on the table and reached for my hand. “Come on, let’s go before somebody makes me catch a charge up in here.”

He didn’t get any arguments from me. I was more than ready to go after that fiasco. So I took his hand, and as we made our exit to the sounds of Deniece Williams’ Free pouring from the jukebox, I asked, “So you’re with me because I’m fine?”

He nodded as he opened the door for me. “Among other things, yes. Your body is what got my attention. Your heart is what made me yours. You know I love you, girl,” he said as we reached his car. He pinned me against the passenger door and kissed me deeply.

After I caught my breath, I said, “I love you, too.”





“Why don’t you ever recite any poetry to me when we’re alone?” she asked, as she lay on the sofa next to me with her feet in my lap.

I shifted my focus from the TV to her, rubbed my finger across a peach-painted toenail, and shrugged. “I don’t know. I just don’t, I guess.”

“Are you one of those people who don’t mind performing before an audience but don’t like to in private?”

I thought for a second before saying, “I don’t think that’s it. I think maybe I just connect poetry to the stage now. Like, it’s my job and I sort of subconsciously keep it in that box. But I think about it all the time, always writing something in my head.”

“Will you recite something now?”

“About you?”

“If you want, but it doesn’t have to be about me.”

I caressed her bare leg and lifted my eyes to meet hers. “Everything I’ve written since the moment I first saw you has been about you, baby.”

She looked at me with those eyes and gave me a tiny smile. “Really?”

“Yeah. Hmm, how about this…Sometimes I look at you, just look at you, and wonder why it took me so long to find you. Were you hiding or was I lost for so long I was unable to catch your scent? You see, I’m a hunter, not for prey, but for hearts, your heart. And deep inside, before I knew what I know, the scent of you, the beating of your heart, had called to me. Your tracks were faint, your heartbeat barely perceptible. Was it because it had been broken? Was it weakened because of the sins of others? Or had mine grown so cold from the absence of love that it no longer recognized you?

“Time passed with no urgency. Days slipped off of the calendar in as routine a manner as the morning school bell. Nothing happened. Nothing was felt but the sensation of being without you. Even though I didn’t know you, I missed you. I missed you. See, I knew there was a you…somewhere, somehow. Your weakened heart. My cold one. They were one, two pieces of a puzzle hidden from each other. And now…”

I reached up and grabbed my chest then rested my other hand on hers, right over her heart. “Now that I’ve found you, tracked you, and captured you. Now, our hearts beat as one.”

She sat up and scooted closer to me, planting a kiss on my cheek. “That was beautiful, Nyles. Thank you.”

“All I get is a kiss on the cheek? Shit, that was a damn masterpiece!”

She chuckled. “It was, it was. What else do you want?”

“What do you think?”

“Well, shit. You already know you can have that whenever you want it.”

“Is that right?” I asked, pulling her onto my lap. “I’ma hold you to that.”

“I hope you do.”





29



Derek took a very pregnant Greer out for brunch and then to do some baby shopping on the Sunday of the baby shower, while Denise and I worked feverishly at their house to get everything ready. We knew she was having a little girl, so we made sure their living room was bathed in pink from the balloons, to the tiers of cupcakes, to the huge bowl of pink cloud punch Denise made in Greer’s kitchen. We rearranged the furniture and placed three thick, plastic-topped tables side-by-side, one for refreshments and one for shower game prizes. The third was for gifts. All three tables were covered with dainty pink tablecloths.

I was in charge of the games while Denise was in charge of the food she had prepared—Hawaiian meatballs, tiny chicken salad croissandwiches, stuffed mushrooms, meat, veggie, fruit, and cheese trays, pasta salad, and mini sweet potato pies prepared by Denise’s mom along with Greer’s favorite vanilla ice cream.

By the time we got everything set up and were sitting down catching our breath, the guests began to arrive, including the ones for Derek’s shower. I greeted everyone and directed them to their respective showers. By the time Greer and Derek made it home, I was already tired but was happy to see the look on her face when she saw her living room full of friends and family, including her mom who had flown in for the shower from Costa Rica, her current place of temporary residence. The cutest reaction came from Derek. He thought he was surprising Greer only to be surprised himself by Christian, who along with Derek’s brother and friends, and my Nyles, escorted him to his man cave for their own shenanigans.

It was a good day despite the fact that Jayla, who was invited early on, didn’t show up. I was surprised when I got the text from her that morning stating that she couldn’t make it because she loved stuff like that. Anything girly and frilly was right up her alley. But I told myself she was a business woman and probably had other obligations.

I was watching Greer open her gifts when the text came through. I smiled and excused myself, making my way to the kitchen.

Nyles was leaning against the counter, grinning, as he awaited my arrival. I walked into his arms and kissed him.

“How you gonna text me to meet you here because you missed me when we’re in the same house?” I asked.

He leaned in and nibbled on my neck. “But we weren’t in the same room.”

He took my hand and slid it down the front of his body to the erection that felt like it was about to rip through his pants. “Look what you did,” he whispered in my ear. “I was fine until you walked in here.”

I rubbed him through his pants. “You asked me to come.”

“I know.” He kissed me, sliding his tongue into my mouth and gripping my butt tightly.

Breaking our connection, I murmured, “We can’t do this here, Nyles.”

“Where then? Cause we gon’ have to do it. I can’t go back down to that basement with the fellas like this, baby.”

I glanced around the kitchen and thought for a second. Then I grabbed his hand and led him into the laundry room, deciding the bathroom wasn’t a good idea with all those folks in the house.

He closed the door behind us and backed me up against a wall, urgently kissing me while snatching his pants down to his knees as I pulled my skirt up around my waist and yanked my panties down. Then he lifted me, turned around, and placed me on the washer, opening my legs wide and lowering himself so that his mouth met Miss Kitty. He slid a finger inside her while rolling his tongue over my pearl, making me shudder. I bit my lip as I rubbed my hand over his head and thrust my sex at his mouth, thankful that Greer’s expensive washer didn’t rock or rattle beneath me. Closing my eyes, I was on the verge of exploding when he rose, pulling me to the edge of the washer and entering my wetness with such force I grasped at his shirt and almost tore it off of him.

“Ohhhh, shiiiiiit,” I moaned.

Nyles covered my mouth with his hand, and whispered, “Shh, baby.”

I tried to be quiet, but when he entered me so deeply that his pelvis nearly met mine and began grinding while stroking my bud with his finger, I grabbed him, held him closely, and bit his earlobe while saying, “You better give me that dick, you son-of-a-bitch!” in a harsh whisper.

“Yeah, say it, baby,” he whispered back. “Tell me what you want.”

I launched into a whispered tirade of filth as he grinded deeper and deeper, making my body quiver and convulse as I orgasmed. He had to cover my mouth again to keep me from screaming.

“You got yours, baby?” he asked.

“Mm-hmm,” I whined.

“Good.”

He thrusted faster, harder, and deeper until I knew he was reaching the point where he would be the one yelling, so I covered his mouth with my hand as his body jerked and stiffened.

Seconds later, he said, “I love you,” through labored breaths as he kissed my neck. “I love you so much.”

“I love you, too, baby,” I replied.

We took time to catch our breath, and after I grabbed a towel and some spray cleaner and wiped down my friend’s washer, we both returned to our showers. As I settled in my seat in time to see Greer open a bassinette from her mother, Denise, who was seated right next to me leaned in close and whispered, “You been somewhere screwing, haven’t you?”

I shrugged and gave her a little smile.

She shook her head. “Nasty ass.”



*****



I’d never seen Nyles like this before a show. He was usually quiet, so I was accustomed to that. I knew he needed to get himself prepared mentally to go onstage. But it was the constant foot-tapping and the way he kept glancing at me and picking up his phone and putting it back down. He seemed nervous, and that was a word I’d never associated with him. Ever. Sure, he claimed to get nervous sometimes, but I’d never witnessed it before.

“You all right?” I asked, as I watched him pick at some invisible thing on his spotless, white Nyles Speaks t-shirt.

His head jerked up as he looked at me. “Yeah…I’m good. W-why?”

“I don’t know. You just seem antsy for some reason.”

“Aw, you kept me up last night. I’m tired. That’s all.”

I smirked. “I kept you up? Okay, if you say so.”

“You didn’t stop me.”

“Now why would I do that?”

He grinned and was about to say something else when a knock came at the door.

“Five minutes,” a voice I recognized as Amir’s said.

He took a deep breath and blew it out before leaning in to kiss me. “You’ll be watching from the wings, right?” he asked.

“Like always,” I answered. “I love you, and I know you’re gonna kill it.”

He smiled at me and then rested his hand on my cheek. “I love you, too, Trevia. I love you so much.” There was a weight to his words I’d never felt before, and it was a bit troubling to me. Was there something going on with him he didn’t want to tell me?

I followed him and watched from the side of the stage as he took his place at the microphone while the quartet played a tune I’d never heard them play before. It was soft and slow and almost calming. When they stopped, Nyles looked up at the crowd, and said, “Can y’all give me a moment? I forgot something.”

I frowned as I watched him walk toward me and reach for my hand. I took his hand and he pulled me to him, kissing me so deeply I stumbled backward a bit. He nodded toward the stage. “Come on.”

I didn’t move. “What are you doing?”

“Come on and you’ll see.”

“You’re taking me onstage? Nyles, I’m not going out there.”

He kissed me again. “Please.”

“Why?”

“Because I asked. Just trust me.”

I sighed as I followed him onstage. He grabbed a stool from one of the quartet members and set it next to the microphone, then whispered, “Sit down, baby,” in my ear.

I did, my eyes darting toward the crowd and back to Nyles.

“Everyone, this is my queen, Trevia. Say hi to her.”

“Hi, Trevia,” the crowd said almost in unison.

“All right, now that I’ve got my lucky charm up here, let’s do this. I call this piece, Daaaaaamn.”

There were a few giggles and chuckles from the crowd.

Nyles winked at me and then closed his eyes as he faced the crowd. He rested his hands on the microphone stand and began to speak:

“I know a lot about myself. Hell, I wrote the book of Nyles, got degrees in Nylesosophy and Nylesology. Got a PhD in Nylesonomy. But none of that prepared me for your cat-eyed ass.” With his eyes closed, he pointed in my direction. “Daaaaaamn…

“I teach the class every Friday and Saturday night. I lecture within the hallowed halls of the great get-down. Some come to kick it. Some come to learn. Shit, when Nyles speaks, even I listen.

“But daaaaaamn.

“With all of my self-knowledge, the reams of paper soiled from my pen, the sleepless nights I spent studying the philosophy of me, I must’ve skipped the chapter that talked about how fast I’d fall for you.”

He opened his eyes and faced me. “Or how hard the fall would be when you, in red, captured me. When you, in bed, raptured me. Gave me a new mind and a new body. A glorified body that belongs to you.

“Daaaaaamn, I can’t see without you. Daaaaaamn, I can’t be without you.

“Daaaaaamn, you twisted me in knots, found all my vulnerable spots and laid them bare like sacrifices to an unknown deity. My soul has been poured out as a libation to you. My devotion—true. I loved you in my dreams, spoke you into existence long before I knew the power of my words. In flesh my desire was formed, but your heart remained encased in mine. I took care of it, watered it so it would grow. Took from it what I needed, infused it with what I had to give. Not much, just all that is me, my eternity. Our love grew stronger and wider. So far-reaching was what we shared that my breath was connected to yours. My blood intermingled with your ancestry and your posterity. My eyes only see you. My hands only feel you. I love you. I love you...”

He walked over to where I was sitting there blinking back tears, bent over, and kissed me before lowering himself onto one knee. “Oohs,” “Aahs,” and scattered applause filled the club.

“Baby, give me your hand,” he said with tears in his eyes that matched my own.

I offered my hand to him, let my tears fall when he clutched it in his.

“I could’ve come up with a clever way of saying this to you, but shit, I love you is just gonna have to do. So here I am, down on this knee, trying to show you just what you mean to me. Trying to explain how deep my love is for you, and I’m hoping and praying you feel at least a portion of what I feel, too…for me. Baby, I’m asking you in front of all these people to be my wife and to be with me until we depart from this life.

“Daaaaaamn, girl…will you marry me?” His voice broke slightly as he spoke the last few words.

I watched him slide the ring on my finger and threw my arms around his neck, startling him so that he dropped the mic.

As the crowd burst into cheers and applause, he whispered, “Is that a yes, baby?”

“No,” I sobbed, “it’s a hell-yes!”

With me holding him tightly, he reached down and grabbed the mic. “She said yes!”





We celebrated all night long, first at Plush, and then at Nyles’ place where we made love and drank champagne and made plans for a future together. After Nyles drifted off to sleep, I lay in his arms in the darkness, thinking about what life was like before him, how badly Wes had hurt me, and how at one point, I thought I’d never stop crying myself to sleep. How I would curl myself up in a ball and try to wish the pain away. Wes gutted me, almost made me stop believing in love, and then there was Nyles. Smart, handsome, talented, conceited, sexy, and loving Nyles. As my eyelids grew heavy, I smiled at the thought of spending the rest of my life with him.





30



I did it. I was scared as shit, but I did it. There was a time I never thought I’d want to get married. Not after seeing the mess my parents made—kid at sixteen, married at eighteen, separated at nineteen. Still married because my daddy couldn’t let go. I can’t lie, seeing what they had...or didn’t have, scared the hell out of me. I mean, I wanted love, but I didn’t want any part in the madness that came with it. Problem was, the two seemed to go hand-in-hand.

Love.

It looked more like insanity to me. My parents said they loved me so they left me behind to go out and make a better life for me. My mother said she left my father because she loved herself. My father wouldn’t give her a divorce because he loved her too much to let go. Aunt Thelma stayed with Uncle Marl’s gambling ass because she loved him. Love sounded like some crazy shit to me.

And then I met Trevia McCall, and she showed me the good side of love, the sanity of it that I failed to see before her. I loved that woman so much it was unbelievable even to me. Couldn’t imagine life without her. So I asked for her hand in marriage. And she accepted.

Fate.

Destiny.

A God fixed plan…

Love.





*****



“Where we going?” she asked.

“Somewhere special,” I said, as I drove across town from my place. “It’s a surprise.”

“Hmm.”

“What? You don’t like surprises?”

“It depends on the surprise.”

“Come on, it’s me. You really think it’s something bad?”

“Not bad for you. But for me? I don’t know…”

“Are you serious, baby? What do you think I’d do that would be bad for you?”

“Nothing, honestly. I’m just—I’m still trying to let it sink in that we’re engaged, and I guess I’m scared.”

I glanced at her. “Scared of what?”

She shrugged. “That I’ll wake up and this’ll all be a dream. You, us, the happiness. I’ve never been this happy in my life. Never been with someone I can trust and believe in before.”

I pulled into the parking lot and took her hand, placing it on my chest. “You feel that? That’s my heart. Anything with a heartbeat is real. I’m real. We’re real. What we have together is real, and I ain’t letting it go. No matter what. You hear me?”

She nodded with tears in her eyes. “I hear you loud and clear.”

I turned and looked out the windshield at the paint-chipped, abandoned building. “We’re here,” I said, turning to look at her.

“Where?”

“Remember I told you about the first time I performed, how I was playing around and the manager heard me?”

“Yeah, is this the place?” she asked.

I turned my attention back to the building. “Yeah...I was just a kid then, still tryna find my spot in the world. Still tryna figure myself out. The owner, George, took a chance on a kid who could recite poetry—not rap or sing. He didn’t pay me worth a shit. Half the time he’d hand me a blunt when I walked off stage and my ignorant ass was happy to get it.”

She laughed.

“But I like to come back here when something big happens in my life to remind myself how far I’ve come. Today we’re here because back then, I would’ve never guessed I’d find someone like you. So beautiful, so kind, so perfect for me. I love you, Trevia. And I thank you for loving me back.”

She leaned in, closed her eyes, and kissed me slowly. “I love you, too. More than you will ever know.”





“I want you to meet someone,” I said, as I glanced over at him.

“Feels weird with you driving,” he said, nearly whining.

“Nyles, you have no idea where we’re going. Trust me. And besides, it wouldn’t kill you to be the passenger every once in a while. You just like being in control.”

“If you know that, why don’t you let me drive? You coulda given me the address and I coulda plugged it into the GPS.”

I shook my head. “Just relax. We’ll be there in a few minutes.”

He sighed loudly, and I fought not to laugh. He was actually feeling some kind of way about me driving. And we were in my car!

“We’re here, grumpy,” I said, as I pulled into a parking spot in front of the three-story building that at times looked like a dorm to me, and others, like a hospital.

“I ain’t grumpy. I just don’t feel right with my woman driving me around like I’m a kid.”

I walked around the car and grabbed his hand. “You can drive back.”

“Good. So where are we?”

“We’re here so you can meet someone. You’ll see.”

It had been a while since I’d visited or spoken to her—years, actually—but I called and talked to the nurses every couple of weeks to check on her and knew she’d been in the same room for years. I had called earlier that day and was given her schedule, so I also knew she wouldn’t be in any therapies at the moment. As we rounded the corner and stepped into her room, my heart began to throttle in my chest. I released Nyles’ hand and looked up at him then back at the woman sitting up in bed watching TV.

“My mother,” I said softly.

He reached up and squeezed my shoulder. “You sure you wanna do this right now?” he asked. He knew what I’d told him about her, things I’d never even told Denise and Greer, like how bad things were for me and Jayla after her accident and how it was hard for me to visit her and see her as my mother and not just some person who was in my life for a time. And the worst of it was I knew her condition was not her fault, but I still harbored this anger for her.

“No, but she should meet you.”

I took his hand again and eased into the room, softly said, “Mom?”

She looked up and appeared to be confused at first, then she said, “Trevia?”

“Yes,” I replied, as I inched closer to the bed.

She stared at me a moment before smiling and then shifting her eyes to Nyles. “You must be the fiancé.”

My mouth dropped open.

Nyles flashed her a dimpled grin and reached to shake her hand. “Yes, ma’am. Nyles Adams.”

“Sounds like a jazz singer, but I hear you’re a poet. Even better.” She gave him a wink.

“Thank you,” Nyles said.

“Mom...how—”

“Jayla calls me, even visits me from time to time, told me all about how he proposed at her club. She said he was handsome, too. She didn’t lie.”

“Uh...” was all I could come up with.

“Are you good to her?” she asked Nyles.

He nodded. “Yes, ma’am. She’s my queen. Nothing I wouldn’t do for her.”

She lowered her voice with her eyes on Nyles. “I bet you’d kick some butt over her, wouldn’t you?”

“Yes, ma’am. Seven days a week. Twice on Sundays.”

I shook my head. Nyles was crazy as hell, but so was I. And I loved his crazy ass.

She giggled. “I like you. I like you a lot, Nyles.”

“Good to know,” he said with a wide smile on his face.

My mom reached for my hand, squeezed it in hers, and then said, “Can you excuse me and my daughter for a moment?”

He nodded again and kissed my cheek. “Be right outside the door.”

After he left, I looked at my mother, whose eyes were locked on me—flawless ebony skin, slanted eyes just like mine, but hers were dark brown. She was heavier than I remembered, but she was still beautiful sitting there with her back against the headboard of the bed I recognized as hers from when I was a child. When she reached up and rested a warm hand on my cheek, I said, “I’m sorry I haven’t visited you in...”

“Forever?” She chuckled. “It’s okay, and I understand. Daddy gave you and your sister a good home. You had everything you needed. You didn’t need me.”

“You seem so different now.”

“I am. They got me on some medicine that keeps me pretty leveled out.”

“Good.”

“Maybe you could visit more now?”

I smiled. “I’d love to. Hey, Mom?”

“Yes, sweetie?”

“Where’d you get my first name from?”

“Well, I got your first and middle name from my childhood best friend. She moved away when we were kids. I still miss her.”

I smiled. “If she meant that much to you, I’m proud to have her name.”

“She did, but you mean more to me. Much more.”

I leaned in and kissed her cheek.

With tears in her eyes, she whispered, “Sweet girl. You were always so sweet.” She took a deep breath and released it. Raising her voice, she said, “Come on back in here, Nyles!”

He appeared in the doorway almost instantly.

“Yeah, you’re a handsome one,” my mother said. “Y’all are gonna have me some pretty grandbabies.”





31



“Tell Nyles he coulda called me or Greer and let us know he was proposing. We should’ve been there!” Denise ranted loudly.

I pulled the phone from my ear and shook my head. “Stop screaming. Look, he was nervous. He just didn’t think about contacting you two, and you act like he has your number or something.”

“He could’ve stolen it out of your phone like Derek did with Greer.”

“Denise, come on. It’s not like me and Greer were there when Kevin proposed to you.”

“That’s because he proposed in the middle of us having sex, and we aren’t talking about an ain’t-shit man like Kevin. We’re talking about Mr. Nyles Adams. I bet he was all smooth with the way he did it. I hate I missed it.”

“It’s on YouTube. Evidently someone captured it on video with their phone. I’ll send you the link.”

“Okay, that makes me feel a little better. But anyway, I’m so happy for you! Engaged! That’s so good, Trevia!”

“I know. I feel like I need to pinch myself. Like, is this real?”

“It is, girl, and you deserve it. Especially after all that mess Wesley put you through. Speaking of that dog, have you heard anymore from him?”

I leaned back on my couch and shook my head. “Not since I asked him to stop contacting me.”

“Good. The last thing you need to do is let that bum ruin what you have with Nyles.”

“I know. Hey, you still planning to stay in Houston for a few days after Greer has the baby?”

“Yep, you? Wait, don’t answer that. You damn near live there. Of course you’re gonna stay. Where are y’all gonna live after you get married?”

“We’ll probably alternate like we do now for a while and figure it out as we go along. But first we’ve got to pick a date, plan a wedding...I’m getting stressed just thinking about it.”

“Don’t be. You know me and Greer are here for you. And give Nyles our numbers. He’s practically family now.”

I grinned. “Okay. I will.”

“Where is he anyway? Y’all are usually right up under each other.”

“In my bed, taking a nap. I’m about to head out to the boutique. Got to be a grown up and do some work today.”

“All right, girl. I’ll talk to you later.”

I slid my phone into my purse, slung it over my shoulder, picked up a bag full of gorgeous fabric I’d gotten at a steal at my favorite fabric store, and when I stepped outside and turned to lock my door, a voice startled me.

“Hey, baby.”

It was Wesley.



*****





I was so startled, I dropped my keys. Wesley picked them up and wore a wide smile as he held onto them.

“You shouldn’t be here. Give me my keys and leave!” I hissed, my eyes darting from him, behind me to my house, and back.

“Why? Your man here? That his car?”

I reached for my keys but he hid them behind his back. “Answer me,” he demanded. “Is that his car?”

“Give me my damn keys before I call the police.”

He dropped the keys and I quickly bent over and snatched them up. “Asshole,” I murmured as I walked around him to my car, or at least I tried to, but he grabbed my arm and stopped me.

“That’s a nice car. Got you a man with money, huh? I guess that’s reason enough to dump my ass. You think he’s better than me?”

I scoffed. “You are insane. We’ve been over for a long time, Wesley, and that’s your fault. But let me correct you on one thing. I don’t think a damn thing, I know he’s better, in every way. Better and bigger.” And I wasn’t lying, either.

As I tried to shake myself loose from his grip, he leaned in and kissed me on the mouth. Almost instantly, I spit in his face, surprising him. That made him let me go. I rushed to my car and climbed inside, watching as Wesley stood there for a minute before leaving, walking down the street away from my house. When he was out of sight, I rushed back inside my house, hoping with everything in me that Nyles was still asleep. He was. So I leaned over and kissed him.

His eyes popped open and he smiled up at me. “You leaving for work?” he asked.

I sat on the side of the bed. “Yeah.”

He reached up and traced my bottom lip with his fingertip. “Let me walk you out.”

“No...stay here. I just wanted to let you know I’m on my way out.”

“Nah, I’ma walk you out.” He hopped out of bed in his boxers, threw on some jeans and a t-shirt, and walked me to my car, laying a long, lingering kiss on me right before I climbed inside again.

“Have a good day, baby,” he said.





32



I ended the call with my mom and sat there on Trevia’s sofa for about ten minutes, trying to let it all sink in. My mother’s fiancé had landed me a gig that could change my life forever, my life and my future with Trevia. I was excited, and hell, I was scared, too. This was a big deal. I had only performed outside the state a handful of times, and never in Atlanta or a place like Echelon 99.

Echelon 99 was owned by Owen Griner. The Owen Griner. The football player. And it was known to be frequented mostly by celebrities, probably because the cover charge was so expensive.

Montell got me a three-night gig there. The only problem was it was this week, and it overlapped with my long-term contract at Plush, but shit, Trevia’s sister was just going to have to understand this was an opportunity I couldn’t pass up. Luckily, my mom was going to contact Uncle Marl so he could work out something with Jayla, so all I needed to do was book a flight and pack a bag. It was Wednesday, and my first show at Echelon 99 would be the next day. I needed to head back to Houston ASAP. And I needed to tell Trevia, who was at work.

I got to the boutique twenty minutes later, told her the news, and almost got knocked down when she jumped into my arms and kissed me.

“That’s wonderful, Nyles!”

“Yeah. Look, can you shut this place down early? You need to pack. We gotta head out tonight.”

Her shoulders sagged. Then she waved her hands around her workroom. “Babe, I’m in the middle of a big order, and I’m pushing against my deadline.”

I looked at all the sparkling white fabric and the little dress on the dress form. “When you gotta be finished?”

“By Tuesday. It’s for a pageant full of eleven and twelve-year-old girls. They all have to wear the same dress during the opening number. They commissioned me to design and make those dresses. All fifty of them.”

“Fifty! Shit! How many more you got to make?”

“Only ten. But it’s gonna take me from now at least till Monday to do it. I’ve been meaning to tell you I can’t leave this weekend.”

“Damn, baby. I need you there with me.”

She wrapped her arms around me and squeezed. “I know. I’m sorry.”

“Yeah...me, too.”

“I’ll miss you.”

“I’ll miss you more.”





33



It hadn’t even been twenty-four hours since he left, and I already missed him.

Since we became a we, we had spent virtually no time apart and I guess I was kind of spoiled. Unlike my relationship with Wesley, I didn’t have to keep tabs on Nyles or wonder where he was or what he was into. Wesley didn’t want me at his shows, because he said it would be bad for tips. Nyles, on the other hand, didn’t want to perform without me in the club with him. He actually liked spending time with me for me, not for what I could do for him, and I loved him so much for that among many other things.

I had worked until my fingers were sore and my eyes were tired, having brought some work home with me. So right before I knew Nyles was to take the stage at Echelon 99, I logged onto my Instagram account for the first time in months and posted a picture of him, one of the tons in my phone. In the caption, I tagged him and told him I loved him and wished him luck. I added the hashtags: #NylesSpeaks, #spokenword, and #echelon99. I noticed Nyles had used the same hashtags under a promo picture on his page.

Social media is a time thief, so rather than post and run, I ended up perusing Instagram for the next thirty minutes before going back to my page to see how many likes my picture of Nyles had garnered. Well, I had tons of likes and more than a few comments, crazy comments. People were tagging other people, informing them that I was his woman, the one he proposed to. Others commented that I took their man. One chick commented that it didn’t matter if we were engaged, he was still hers.

I logged off of Instagram.

Until the show was over.

And then my stupid ass logged back on and not only read more of those insane comments, but I took it further and clicked on the Nyles Speaks hashtag. What did I do that for? There was picture after picture of some hoes hugged up with Nyles. Okay, so this wasn’t new to me. He always took pictures with fans during meet-and-greets after a show. And he was wearing that same appreciative smile he always wore. But he looked so good, and there were those dimples, and he was mine. And he was in Atlanta.

And I was in Dallas.

And well, I didn’t trust those thirsty hoes as far as I could throw them.

I should’ve been there like I always was. There to screw him in the dressing room afterward like we often did, or to put my hand down his pants while he drove us home, or to have shower sex late at night once we made it back to his place. But I could do none of that, because he was in Atlanta.

And my ass was in Dallas.

Shit.

Damn these pageant dresses!

By the time Nyles called me around 2:00 AM, I was close to losing my mind and answered the phone with, “It’s about time your ass called me!”

“Damn, I missed you, too. I just got to my room.”

“Your room? Where? At your mom’s house?”

“Nah, I didn’t feel like spending that much time with her. I’m at a hotel downtown.”

“A hotel?”

“Yeah.”

“FaceTime me.”

“Huh? Now?”

“Yeah.”

“Uh...all right. Hold on. I hope you’re naked.”

“Wait! Where’s your laptop?”

“Right in front of me.”

“Skype me.”

“Wait, you want me to Skype you or FaceTime you?”

“Both. I want you to Skype me on your computer, then FaceTime me on your phone. And keep the Skype on while you FaceTime me.”

“Are you fucking serious?”

“Do I sound like I’m fucking playing?”

“Trevia, what the hell is wrong with you?”

“What’s wrong with me is you’re in another state in a damn hotel room instead of your mama’s house like you said you’d be.”

“You think I’m cheating?”

“I think hoes are crafty. Skype. FaceTime. Right-damn-now.”

“Shit. Fine.”

“Now turn the computer around so I can see what’s in front of you.”

“Baby—”

“Do it!”

“Okay!”

There didn’t appear to be anyone else in the room, but...

“Get up with your phone and show me the bathroom.”

“Trevia—”

“Just do it!”

“You are crazy as hell, you know that?”

“Uh-huh, and I see you’re showing me that bathroom,” I said, one eye on my phone and the other on my laptop.

“Whatever.”

“Now the closet.”

“You are out of your damn mind,” he said, as he slid the closet door open.

“Open the door and show me the hall outside your room.”

“I ain’t—”

“I swear before God, you better open that damn door and show me the hallway!”

“Damn-it!” He flung the door open and panned the hallway, then slammed it shut. “You happy now?”

“Yeah.”

We were both silent for a few minutes and I almost felt ashamed of myself...almost. But I did apologize.

“Nah, I don’t accept that shit, Trevia. I’m legit insulted right now. Have I ever given you a reason to think I’d cheat on you? Ever?”

“No…”

“And why in the fuck do you think I’d call you if I had another woman in the room with me? I mean, does that make any sense to you?”

“No. I really am sorry, Nyles.”

“Prove it.”

“How?”

“Get on the next-damn-plane to Atlanta. Come be with me. I can’t deal with this crazy jealousy shit when your ass should be here anyway.”

“Nyles, you know—”

“No, hop your ass on a plane. I’ll pay for it. Shit, show me how and I’ll help you sew them damn dresses when we get back to Dallas. We can fly back right after my last show here Saturday night. But you need to bring your ass on.”

I sighed. I knew I needed to go, because there was no way I was going to be able to concentrate on my work anyway. “Uh…I have a lady I can hire to help me with the sewing when I get back.”

“So you’re coming?”

“Yeah. Let me make the arrangements. I’ll call you right back.”





I was so happy to see Nyles when he picked me up from the airport in Atlanta, one would’ve thought we’d been apart for years rather than a day and a half. I jumped into his arms and kissed him all over his face, and having had time to really think about my actions, I apologized profusely for behaving like a lunatic with him the night before.

As he grasped my hand and we made our way to get my baggage, he said, “You good, baby. Crazy as hell, but good.”

I smiled. I couldn’t argue with him. I was a little crazy.

In his rental car, I slid my hand down the front of his pants and stroked him while he drove us to his hotel room. He smiled as he kept one hand on the wheel and lifted my skirt with the other, and said, “Shit,” when he found warm flesh instead of underwear.

I spread my legs for him as he caressed my bud with his thumb while dipping a couple of fingers inside me. We stroked each other simultaneously, and I quickly reached climax, creaming all over his fingers. After he slid his hand from my yoni, I reached over and freed his erection from his boxers and jogging pants, bent over the console, and took him into my mouth, massaging him with my tongue. I felt him adjust in his seat as he rested his hand on my head and moaned my name. He drove the rest of the way to the hotel with my head in his lap, and when he finally released with a roar, I lifted my head to find that he’d parked the car. We were at the hotel.

“If you really think I’d cheat on you, you are out of your mind,” Nyles said breathily, as I sat up and kissed him.





34



Denise and I were sitting at Greer’s bedside, admiring the beautiful bundle of joy Greer was holding in her arms. It was hard to see whether she looked like Greer or Derek since she was only a few hours old, but it was easy to see how beautiful she was with her soft brown skin and head full of black hair.

“OMG, my ovaries are quivering! I want one just as perfect as she is!” Denise gushed, as she gently rubbed little Kennedy’s hair.

“Isn’t she everything? I never knew I could love someone so much,” Greer gushed.

“She’s gorgeous,” I agreed.

“Thanks for being here, guys,” she said.

“Where else would we be?” Denise asked.

“Girl, we love you. You know we weren’t going to miss this,” I added.

She smiled. “I know, but I’ve been so off during this pregnancy, I’m surprised you two still talk to me.”

Denise waved her hand at Greer. “Girl, you were carrying a whole person in your body. Shit, you are definitely excused. They might have to put my ass in a nine-month, medically-induced coma if I ever get pregnant.”

We all laughed.

“Kennedy Hill,” I said. “So the maiden name, first name thing is a tradition now?”

Greer shrugged as she smiled down at her baby. “I don’t know. She might not want to name her daughter Hill.”

“I think a girl named Hill would be cute! Like, Hill Scott instead of Jill Scott,” Denise said.

“Yeah, Hill sounds real bohemian,” I offered. “Or maybe she’ll have a boy. Like Hill Harper.”

“Well, maybe it will stay a tradition then,” Greer said.

“Your mom and dad are on their way?” I asked.

“Yeah...they’re traveling from Mexico. They’re so excited,” Greer stated.

“I know they are. Shoot, look at you, married with a baby. Trevia is halfway married. Maybe one day for me...” Denise said wistfully.

“It’s not like you’ve never been married, Denise,” I said.

“You gotta bring that up?” Denise asked. “Ain’t nobody trying to remember that right now.”

“Well, now you’ve got Christian,” Greer said. “You two might tie the knot.”

Denise fell silent.

Greer and I looked at each other.

“’Nise?” I said.

“We broke up,” she said flatly.

“But you came here together today,” Greer interjected.

“No, we arrived at the same time by coincidence.”

“Well, what happened?” I asked.

“He says he still has unresolved feelings for his ex. So all of that, ‘I thought you wanted to wait to have sex’ stuff was bullshit.”

“Wait...I noticed he had a bruise under his eye,” Greer said.

I frowned. “And his lip looked swollen,” I observed. “Did you…”

“Yeah...I beat his ass. After all the coochie I gave him over these past months? And I even cooked for him! He deserved worse!”

“Uh...you beat him? With what?” Greer asked.

“My damn fists!”

“You’re gonna get your tail locked up, ‘round here putting your hands on folks like that,” I said.

Denise rolled her eyes. “Puleeeeze, what dude you know calls the police over a woman beating his ass?”

Before either of us could answer her, Derek, Nyles, and Christian, who had all been to the cafeteria together, entered the hospital room. Christian looked at Denise and then quickly away from her. I shook my head.

We all spent the next hour or so doting on Greer’s and Derek’s little seven-pound gift.





*****





“You need to quit,” I said, giggling.

“Naw, your crazy ass was on that phone hulking out on me. Talking ‘bout, ‘Bathroom, nigga! Show me the bathroom!’“

I kicked my foot at him. “I can’t stand you!”

“Mm-hmm, that’s why you’re in my bed right now, wearing my ring, huh?”

I watched as he dug through his closet, trying to find something to wear to his show at my sister’s club that night. “I can love you and not be able to stand you at the same time.”

“You know you love everything about me,” he said, as he pulled one of his many pairs of Jordans from his closet.

I grinned. “You know it.”

My cell phone began to buzz.

“Who is that?” Nyles asked.

“My sister.” I answered the call with, “Hey, Jayla.”

“Hey, are you busy?”

Hearing the strain in her voice, I sat up in the bed. “No, what’s wrong?”

Nyles stopped what he was doing and sat on the bed, staring at me.

“Can you come over?” she asked.

“Now?”

“Yes, now,” she replied, her voice breaking.

“Okay, yes...be right there.”

“And bring Nyles.”

“All right.”

We made it to her place thirty minutes later, and the first thing I noticed upon entering her apartment was that Amir was missing. One look at Jayla told me something was very wrong. Her eyes were swollen, and there were bags under them as if she hadn’t slept in days. Nyles and I sat on her sofa.

She sat across from us on a love seat and blurted, “Amir misappropriated some of our funds. Nyles, I can’t pay you for this week.”

“What?!” Nyles and I screamed in unison.

She ignored us, continuing with, “Since I can’t hold up my end by paying you, our contract is effectively voided. You are under no further obligation to perform at Plush.” She sounded almost mechanical, like she was on autopilot or better yet, like she’d had to repeat these words, or similar words, several times already and they no longer had an impact on her.

“Nah, I got you. I owe you for letting me go to Atlanta and perform in the middle of my run at Plush. I’ll be there tonight. Tomorrow night, too.”

She shook her head. “No, Plush won’t be open tonight or any other night. I can’t...there’s no money to pay my staff or the utilities or the suppliers. I’m just going to have to shut it down for a while.”

I leaned forward and tried to capture her gaze, but her eyes were glued to the floor. “Jayla,” I said, “what happened? I thought the club was doing really well.”

She nodded. “It was-it is. But, Amir took all of our money out of the bank to make some investment without my knowledge. He thought it was a sure thing. He was going to surprise me with the profits. Turned out to be some pyramid scheme.”

“Where is he now?” I asked.

“He left. He’s very upset with himself.”

“He should be,” I said.

Nyles rested his hand on my knee and shook his head.

I cleared my throat. “What are you going to do? I mean, about Amir?”

“I don’t know. I can’t think about him right now. I’m just trying to deal with the mess he made. Maybe we can fix things between us eventually. I don’t know…”

“Okay, um...how much do you need?”

She shook her head. “No, I can’t take your money. I have some assets I can liquidate and some other money I can move around, but it’ll take time. I’ll fix this. Luckily, I own the club outright. No mortgage. I just need to get Amir’s name off of it and off of my accounts. He’s agreed to that. He just wants to make things right.” She sounded so calm, much calmer than I would’ve been.

“Okay...how much do you need to pay your staff and keep the club open until you liquidate what you need to liquidate? I’ll loan it to you. I’ve got a decent savings,” I offered.

She looked up at me with tears in her eyes. “I appreciate you for offering, sis. I really do, but this is my mess and I’m gonna fix it myself.”

I stood and sat beside her, pulling her into my arms. “Okay…but I’m here to help you in any way you need me to. I don’t mind helping you, Jayla. Just name it, and I’ll do it.”

“That’s good to know, because I’m pregnant.” That was when she broke down and leaned into me, sobbing loudly.

I held her close, and said, “I got you. No matter what, I got you. You and the baby.”





35



“That’s all you want?” I asked, as I grabbed my keys from Trevia’s coffee table. “A salad?”

“Yeah. Oh, and a sweet tea. You sure you know the way?” she asked, glancing up from her sewing machine.

“Yeah, baby. I spend more time here in Dallas than I do back home. I know how to get to Griffin’s Cafe. Be right back,” I said, bending over to kiss her. “You just be sure to pick us a movie to watch on Hulu.”

“Why? It’s not like we can get through an entire movie without having sex anyway.”

I winked at her. “I know.”

She shook her head.

I stepped outside, pulled my leather jacket tighter around me when the December air slammed into me. I looked at Trevia’s Infiniti sitting next to my Mercedes in the driveway and thought to myself how we were the shit together. Unstoppable. That was when I spotted the piece of paper on my windshield tucked under the wiper and whispered to myself, “What the fuck?”

I snatched it up and glanced around to see if whoever left it was still nearby. I didn’t see anyone. It was a folded sheet of notebook paper and something told me I wasn’t going to like what I found inside, but shit, it was sitting on my car. What else was I supposed to do but look at it? So I unfolded it and read the words:

Check your Instagram.

I frowned, glanced around again before pulling my phone out of my back pocket. I went to my page and didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. The last picture was of Trevia’s legs. I smiled. Went to my feed and saw the little red number one in the message tray. Frowned again as I tapped on it. By the time I turned to go back inside the house, my fingers were numb from the cold.





I was trying to sew a zipper into a dress I was making for Denise, a birthday surprise for her. She’d been talking about a dress some celebrity wore on Instagram and had complained about how expensive it was and how even if she could afford it, they didn’t make it in her size. When she showed it to me. I knew I could make it, and I would’ve been done with it if my sewing machine would cooperate. Both the one in my home and the one at the boutique were old, had belonged to my grandmother, and I found it hard to part with them because with them came memories of her teaching me to make clothes before she passed away when I was a little girl. The pedal was sticking, and I was sitting there biting my bottom lip, trying to decide if it would be better to just hand-sew the zipper in, and at the same time, trying not to worry about my sister who a month later, had not reopened Plush and was still separated from Amir, when Nyles came storming into my sewing room. I opened my mouth to say something but was silenced when he dropped his phone onto the table next to the sewing machine, and said, “You wanna tell me what the fuck those are?”

I looked from the phone to him. “What?”

“Please tell me that shit was Photoshopped.”

“Huh?”

He leaned over, picked up his phone, and held it up to my face. I took it from him and stared at it, used a shaky hand to scroll up and down, unable to believe what I was seeing. Before me was photo after photo of me and Wes. Him smiling at me, him kissing me. One close-up shot gave a clear view of the engagement ring on my finger, so there was no denying that the photos were taken recently. Plus, you could see the front of Nyles’ car in some of the pictures. Taken out of context, I could see how bad this looked. Especially since whoever sent them had left out even one where I spit in Wes’ face.

He snatched his phone back from me. “Is that that fucking stripper dude, Trevia?! Please tell me that’s not that stripper nigga. Please tell me that’s some dude you met at a gas station and decided to fuck or something. I’ll still be done with your ass because I saw my damn car in those pictures, which means I was here in the house when it happened, but I can deal with it better being anyone but him!” He was screaming at me, and that alone sent me into tears.

I slowly lifted my eyes to Nyles, and said, “He-he came by awhile back, before you went to Atlanta, I think. I should have told you, but I handled it.”

“That’s what you call that shit? Handling it? Kissing him is handling it?!”

“No, no, he kissed me, and I spit on him afterwards!”

“Why were you even talking to him? Why did you make him comfortable enough to think he could kiss you?”

“I-I didn’t. He just came to start mess. He’s—”

“Again, why the fuck were you talking to him?! You say he dogged you out, treated you like shit, but you just can’t let him go, can you?”

I stood and moved closer to him, tears wetting my cheeks. “I did let him go. I don’t want him! I want you! I love you!”

“Then why the hell can’t you stop talking to him?!” he roared.

“I-I-I—”

“I love you! I have never hurt you! I would never hurt you! I gave you my damn heart but that just wasn’t enough for you! You’re still hooked on a nigga that treated you like shit!”

“No, I’m not! Please, Nyles.” I reached for him, but he snatched away from me and then turned and left the room. I followed him through my house to the front door and that’s when a panic came over me. “Wait! Wait, don’t go! Wait, please!” I pleaded, as I followed him out to his car.

He opened the car door and faced me. “I have never been in love before, Trevia. Never. Shit, I never even wanted to be in love before you. You’re the first, and I wanted you to be the last. I give you my heart…and this? I can’t deal with this shit.” He slid into his car and slammed the door.

As he started the engine, I beat on the driver’s side window, tears mingling with snot as my heart beat erratically.

He let the window down, and said, “Trevia, move back.”

“No, no, no...you can’t go like this. We need to talk. Please don’t go. I fucked up. I know I did. But I love you. Only you. Come back in the house, Nyles. Please!”

“Baby, move back. I-I need some air. I need to think. Just give me that.”

I was desperate. So desperate that I considered climbing on the hood of his car, but instead, I backed away. He had called me baby. He didn’t want to chance hitting me with his car. He still cared, and that gave me hope. So I backed away and let him leave, believing he would return to me.

He didn’t.





36



Six days had passed, six days of unanswered phone calls and unreturned text messages. I had filled his voicemail box. I had driven to Houston and back twice to find his townhouse empty. He wasn’t at his uncle’s house, either. So now I sat in my bedroom on the side of my bed staring at the open closet door, at his duffel bag sitting next to his shoes. When I shifted my eyes, I caught sight of his cologne on my dresser along with his tub of Shea butter. If I inhaled deeply enough, I could smell him on my sheets. If I closed my eyes tightly enough, I could feel his fingers and lips on my skin.

I closed my boutique and hadn’t eaten in days. There were no dreams of him, because I hadn’t slept, either. I was shattered, completely shattered and lost. What was I supposed to do now? I should’ve told Nyles about Wesley popping up, but I was honestly trying to keep him from getting in trouble. If he’d given me the chance, I would’ve explained that to him. But he wouldn’t let me.

I slid from the bed to the floor and hugged my knees. Wasn’t there something I could do? Anything?

Whoever sent the pictures to Nyles, sent them to me, too. They were from some fake account with no profile picture or posts. I reported the account, but that didn’t fix the fact that my man was gone. The damage was done.

I thought I heard something downstairs but didn’t budge. I wanted it to be Nyles, but I didn’t want to get my hopes up. It could’ve just as easily been Denise barging in.

“Hey!” I heard a voice coming up the stairs, “I didn’t see Nyles’ car out there so I figured it was okay to let myself in. Unless he’s in your car. Shit, Nyles, I’m sorry if you’re here!”

It was Denise.

“Trevia! Or Nyles!” she yelled. I could tell she was closer to my bedroom.

When she made it to my room, she dropped a magazine from her hand and rushed to me, throwing her arms around me. “What happened? Is it your sister? Where’s Nyles?”

I looked up at her, felt my face crumple as the tears came. I wailed in her arms as she tried to comfort me, pleading with me all the while to tell her what was wrong. “Nyles...” I whimpered.

“What?! What happened to Nyles?!”

I just kept crying, and then she started shaking me, and screamed, “Trevia! What happened to Nyles?!”

“He-he-he-he left meeeeeee!”





I missed her. I was mad as hell, but I still missed her. Shit, mad was the only reason I left. I didn’t want to say something I’d regret in the long-run, but what I should’ve done was find out where dude lived and went and beat his ass. I just wasn’t thinking clearly. All I could think was I needed some damn room to breathe. That situation was suffocating me.

I honestly believed every word she said about what happened. I just couldn’t get the thought out of my head that she let it happen, and that he knew she would let it happen, and that all of that meant they still had some bond or connection with each other. I mean, she might not have loved him, but in my mind everything pointed to her still having feelings for him, and that shit was hard to swallow.

Trevia was my first love, the first girl I made love to. Now, I’d had plenty of sex, but sex with Trevia was love. One and the same. She was the first woman I’d ever spent so much time with. The first woman I’d ever lived with, because that was basically what we’d been doing. She was the first woman I’d ever trusted with my heart.

And she was the first woman to break it.

I was there at her house when he put his mouth on her. I was there! And she didn’t tell me, wouldn’t have told me. And that shit right there? That was enough to drive any man crazy.

So when I left, I intended to go home, but shit, she had a key and if she came in and pleaded her case, I was going to give in. I was probably even going to forget my ass was mad, and I needed to be mad for a while. Just a little while. So I stayed in a hotel in Dallas for a few days. Got tired of that shit and decided to leave. There were other places I could’ve gone—my uncle’s, one of the boys in the band, my mom’s—but I ended up there. I’m not sure why. Maybe I just thought he’d understand or could give me the kind of advice he was always supposed to give me. Anyway, there I was in DC, sitting at my father’s kitchen table watching him cook while wearing a t-shirt, a pair of khakis, and an apron with “Hot Chef” written on it that some woman probably bought him, because him refusing to divorce my mother didn’t mean he was faithful to her. He was so damn happy when I called from the airport and asked him to pick me up, I felt kind of bad since I wasn’t really there for him. I was there for me, to get my mind together without the presence of Trevia messing it up.

But I missed her so damn much.

Dad set a plate in front of me—runny scrambled eggs, undercooked bacon, hard-as-a-brick biscuit. As far back as I could remember, he never could cook worth a damn.

“Thanks, Dad,” I said, as I stared down at the plate.

He nodded and grinned as he sat across from me. “You got it, son.” He looked at me and shook his head. “Man, it’s good to see you.”

My dad was about an inch taller than me, and other than the gray mingled in his beard and hair, we were damn near identical, right down to the dimples.

I looked at the plate, trying to decide what to attempt to eat first. “Good to see you, too.”

“Mm-hmm, so I let you slide last night when you first got in, but you wanna tell me what you’re doing here?”

I picked up a piece of bacon and inspected it, tried to find a spot that appeared to be pseudo-done. “What? I can’t just want to visit my father?”

“No.”

I looked up at him and we laughed at the same time. I don’t know if it was because we were both males or what, but Dad and I always got along like a couple of buddies when we were around each other. We weren’t close like father and son. It was always more like a couple of drinking buddies getting together and catching up. It had been that way since I was a kid. We didn’t call or visit each other much, but when we got together, we always had fun.

Glad I now had an excuse to neglect my food, I leaned back in my chair and drummed my fingers on the table. “You heard about me being engaged?” I asked.

He nodded. “Your mom told me. I was waiting for you to call and tell me yourself.”

“I wait for you to call me all the time. Guess that’s just what we do, huh?”

“All right, all right. You got me. I need to do better. So do you. But you aren’t here about us keeping in touch.”

“No.”

“Your fiancée?”

I sighed. “Yeah...”

“What happened, son?”

“Dad…I really don’t know. Everything was good with us, and then—”

“You cheated?”

“No! I love that woman. I wouldn’t cheat on her.”

“She cheated on you?”

I shook my head. “I don’t know. I’m not sure.”

“You’re not sure, but you’re here with me instead of being with her?”

“It’s complicated.”

“Shit, un-complicate it for me.”

I tried. I told him about Trevia’s past relationship with the stripper and the pictures the fake account DM’d me. He was quiet for so long, I finally said, “Damn, Dad. Say something.”

“You aren’t going to like what I have to say.”

“What’re you gonna say? That I overreacted?”

“Maybe, maybe not, but if you love and want the woman and believe this stripper guy is trying to get her back, your dumb ass just played right into his hand. Shit, you handed the woman to him.”

I leaned forward. “You think she’d go back to him?”

“Do you?”

I hopped up from my chair. “Man, hell naw! She loves me!”

“Then why are you here?”

I stood there for a second and then fell back into my chair. “Man, I don’t know. I’m just...”

“Hurt?”

I shrugged.

“You know what’s wrong with you?”

“I guess you’re about to tell me…”

“It’s that damn ego of yours. You inherited it from me and I’m sorry you did. My ego and my pride is what made me hold onto your mother all these years. Yours is making you push your woman away. Look, I could’ve been living a halfway happy life if I had done the right thing by your mom long ago. I had to learn that. From what you tell me, you’ve got a good woman. She’s soft-hearted, and soft-hearted people can’t just cut folks off. If she’s a good woman, of course that other guy would want her back. But you believe she wants you. You don’t really believe she cheated. You need to go home to her and listen to what she has to say. Try to work things out, because you’re not going to be happy without her.”

I stared down at my plate.

“You hear me, boy?”

I looked up at him. “Yeah...I’m going back. I just need to get my mind right first.”

“How long you been gone?”

“Almost a week.”

“Hmm, take the rest of the day to get your mind right, as you put it, and go back in the morning. A week is long enough. Now let me see a picture of this fiancée.”

Trevia was my screensaver, so I just handed him my phone.

He stared at it for a good minute and then looked up at me, and said, “You left this?”

I nodded.

“Shit, you need to get back there ASAP!”





37



Denise spent the night with me, only leaving in the morning to get some stuff from her apartment and probably to go steal one of her mother’s sweet potato pies for me. I appreciated her support, but having had time to think about things, I was pretty sure I knew what I needed to do.

I picked up my phone and texted him.

Me: We need to talk.

Him: Ok. When?

Me: Now. Where are u?

Him: Home.

Me: Be there in a few minutes…

I set my phone on the bed, grabbed my keys, and left, arriving at the apartment complex in no time. I banged on the door, and a woman wearing matching red bra and panties answered it. “Yes?”

I shoved past her, walking into a cloud of marijuana smoke and finding him sitting on his sofa wearing nothing but his blue briefs. Eying the furniture and décor in the claustrophobic space, my thoughts were that everything in it was just like him—black and cheap.

“Tell her to leave,” I said. I could feel her staring at my back.

He looked past me. “Leave,” he said.

“Are you serious? You putting me out for her?” she asked from behind me.

“Yeah. Leave,” he replied.

She huffed and puffed, walked back into what I assumed was his bedroom, and came out dressed in a tight, lime green dress with a purse slung over her shoulder. She flung a few curse words at him before leaving, slamming the front door shut behind her.

“Sit down, baby. I’m glad you’re here,” Wes said.

I ignored his request and glared down at him. “You are one sorry, sorry-ass man.”

“Your man saw the pictures?”

“What did you do? Have one of these idiots who choose to sleep with you take them and make a fake account and send them to us?”

He shrugged. “Yeah.”

“Why?”

“Because I kept driving by your house seeing his car in your damn driveway. Because I got tired of folks telling me you had his pictures all on your Instagram and that you were wearing his damn ring. Because I love you. I didn’t do all this shit to straighten up my life for you to marry some tight pants wearing-ass, soft-ass poetry dude! You’re mine! Always will be!”

“You call this straightening out your life? Looks like you’re into the same shit to me!”

“I got a divorce and a new job and a place of my own, and I did all that shit for you!”

“Too little, too late! You should’ve done all of that when we were together! I’ve moved on!”

“Naw, you don’t get to move on!”

“Says who? You?”

“Hell, yeah! I’m your damn man! Not him!” He stood and moved directly in front of me, and lowering his voice, said, “You know you still love me.”

“No I don’t. I’m sorry if me not telling you to leave me the fuck alone when you first started sending those letters and texts and leaving messages for me gave you the impression that I still cared, but I don’t. And that little stunt you pulled with the pictures might have messed up my relationship, but it won’t make me come back to you. We’re over. I would never be with you again.”

He tried to kiss me, but I kneed him in the groin.

Bending over and clutching his jewels, he shouted, “I think you broke my damn dick!”

“Good! And if you ever even think about touching me again, I’ma shoot your bitch-ass.”

“With what? You ain’t got no damn gun,” he grunted.

I pulled my gun out of my purse and waved it in front of him. “Wanna bet?”

He stumbled backward, falling onto the couch. “You got a gun?!”

“Mm-hmm, and I know how to use it, too. Granddaddy taught me. Now stay the hell away from me or I swear on my dead grandfather I will gladly put several holes in you and shoot the only thing you have going for you off! Don’t contact me or my man ever again!”

Breathing heavily, he said, “I thought I messed your relationship up.”

“Yeah, that’s what you thought.”

I turned and left his place, and once I made it to my car, burst into tears.



*****

I didn’t know I’d fallen asleep until I heard someone banging on my car window. I was still sitting in the parking lot outside Wesley’s apartment. I lifted my head, focused my eyes, and saw Denise standing next to my car. I turned the key and let the window down. “What are you doing here?” I asked.

“What the hell are you doing here?” she hissed. “Out in public in your damn pajamas...”

“I...wait, how’d you find me?”

She held up my phone. “With this, dumb ass. You left it behind. I read the texts, including the one where he gave you his address. What did you do? Screw him or shoot him?”

“You think I’d screw him?”

She looked around and leaned closer to the window. “At this point, I don’t know what your crazy ass might do. Get out.”

“What?”

“My bad, what I meant to say was get your ass outta this car and come with me.”

I don’t know if it was because I was groggy or what, but I was confused as hell. “Huh?”

“Trevia Diann, hop your ass out of this car and into mine right now.”

I followed her instructions and watched her get in behind the wheel of her car and start it up. “Wait a minute. We’re leaving my car?”

“Yep,” she said, “we’ll come back for it later. And if they tow it, that’s what you get.”

We left, and she asked, “So you didn’t screw him. Where’s the gun?”

“In my purse.”

She sighed. “Did you shoot him, Trevia?”

I sunk into my seat and shook my head. “No, I just threatened to. Made him pee on himself.”

“What? He peed on himself?”

“Well, how else do you explain the pool of liquid that suddenly appeared on his sofa accompanied by the smell of urine?”

Denise burst into laughter. So did I.

“Mr. Bigg Blakk wet himself! Ain’t that some shit! You shoulda took a picture of his pissy ass and put that on the Gram!” Denise said, slapping her steering wheel.

“I know, right?”

“I’m just glad you didn’t do something crazy like kill his ass.”

“Girl, I don’t even own any bullets.”

Denise glanced at me. “Why you got a gun, then?”

“Because I thought it was cute.” I pulled out my hot pink gun and held it in my hand. “Isn’t it cute?”

“Please put that up.”

I did, and asked, “Where are we going?”

“My place. I have to go in to work and I don’t trust you at your place.”

I sighed.

“And I’m taking that pink-ass gun. I’m surprised Wesley didn’t call the police on you.”

I shrugged. “It’d be his word against mine, and I ain’t admitting a damn thing.”

“Hell, I never admit to anything.” There was a beat of silence, and she added, “I would take your phone with me, but Greer’s gonna call you later. She’s worried half to death.”

“Why? What did you tell her?”

“That I got back to your place after stealing a damn pie for your ass only to find you gone and your phone left behind with texts to and from Wesley’s dog ass. I told her your gun was gone, too.”

“You shouldn’t have told her that. She’s got enough on her plate with the baby.”

“Bitch, really? So it’s okay for you to disappear on my ass?”

“Why I gotta be a bitch?”

She pulled into a parking spot in front of her building. “Because you scared me to death! I thought I was gonna get over there and have to help you get rid of that sorry fool’s body!”

“You’d do that for me?”

“Hell, yeah!”

Tears filled my eyes. “That’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me...” A sob broke through and I dropped my head.

Denise patted my back. “I love you, Trevia, but you’re gonna give me high blood pressure.”

“I’m-I’m sorry.”

“Look, come inside and relax. Rest your brain. You’re gonna like what I’ve done with the place; you haven’t seen my new living room furniture yet.”

I sniffled. “You got rid of Greer’s yellow couch?”

“Yeah, I appreciate her for letting me take over her lease, and shit, even for paying the rent for me for a while, but we have different styles and yellow is not my color. Red is my color.”

“Yeah, I know.” I looked up at her and wiped my eyes. “’Nise, What am I supposed to do? I miss Nyles.”

She handed me my phone. “Call him.”

“I already tried that.”

“If you love him, you’ll keep trying. Don’t give up.”





38





My flight back the next morning was bumpy as hell, but I made it in one piece, was making my way to my car when I thought about checking my phone. I had turned it off after I left Trevia’s and only turned it on long enough to call my dad, because she kept calling and calling and I was about to break weak and go back to her. Now I realized there’s nothing weak about working things out with the woman you love.

Weak was me running my dumb ass away instead of listening to her. My dad wasn’t right that often, but he was right when he said I needed to get back to her and fix this.

I powered the phone on and climbed into my car. Message after message came through from Trevia—text and voice. She was hysterical in some of the voicemails, soft and sad in others, and all of them made me feel like shit. But it was the text I got from her friend, Denise, that made me start my car and floor it.

When I got there, I tried to kick the door in.

“Who is it?!” a voice called from inside.

“Open this damn door!” I yelled.

The door flew open and after looking me up and down, he said, “The hell? Do I know you?”

“No, but you know my damn woman. She in there? Her car is out here.”

The frown left his face as he raised his eyebrows. “You that poetry dude! You need to keep Trevia’s crazy ass away from me!”

“Where is she?!”

He turned around in a circle in the doorway with his arms in the air. “She ain’t here! She tried to shoot me!”

I sniffed. “Is that piss? The fuck?”

He got this sheepish look on his face. “Look, she ain’t here.”

He slammed the door and just as I was about to kick it in, my phone rang. When I answered, I could barely hear her. “Trevia? Baby?”

“Yeah? Nyles?”

“Yeah...you okay?”

“No.”

My heart plummeted to my feet. If that stripper dude hurt her, I was going to kick his damn door in and beat him to death! “What’s wrong, baby?” I asked while clenching my fists.

“You left me. You wouldn’t even hear me out.”

“I know...I’m sorry, baby. I’ll hear you out now. Where are you? At your place?”

“No.”

I thought about Denise’s text: Trevia took her gun and she’s gone to her ex’s house. Here’s his address… Did his coward ass call the police on her? Was she in jail? “Where then, baby?” I held my breath.

“At Denise’s.”

I pushed air out of my lungs. “Okay. Um, baby, where’s your gun?”

“Denise has it.”

“Good, look, text me Denise’s address, and I’ll come get you and take you home.”

“Okay.”



*****



I was barely five minutes into the drive from Denise’s place to Trevia’s when she fell asleep. So I carried her into her house and put her to bed in the downstairs guest bedroom and lay next to her, pulling her into my arms. I drifted off to sleep for a few minutes, and when I woke up, I stared at her face, kissed her eyelids, her forehead, her nose, and her lips. Scooted down her body and pulled her pajama bottoms and underwear off of her. She stirred, mumbled something, and then fell back asleep.

I opened her legs and stroked her clit with my finger before tasting it with my tongue while slipping a finger inside of her. She moaned groggily, placed a hand on my head, and opened her legs wider. Sure she was alert, I rolled over on my back, and said, “Come sit on your throne, baby.”

She straddled my face and I gripped her thighs, pulling her clit into my mouth and suckling it. As I feasted on her, she grinded gently against my face, murmuring my name. I suckled until she tensed and shuddered, and then I lifted her from my face, watched her lay on her back, and spread my body over hers, giving her a kiss she hungrily returned while reaching between us to unfasten my jeans.

My mouth left hers, and I said, “I love you, girl.”

Those eyes of hers were burning a hole into mine as she said, “I love you, too.”

I raised her shirt and flicked the erect nipples of both of her plump breasts at the same time, took the left nipple into my mouth while she eased her hand into my pants and began stroking me.

I kissed her again, looked down at her, and said, “I’m sorry I left like that.”

Still stroking me, she nibbled on my neck. “I’m sorry I didn’t make Wesley leave me alone.”

I moved her hand and sucked on her bottom lip. “I don’t wanna talk about that muh-fucker right now.” I reached down and stroked her clit with my thumb while easing inside of her.

“Oooooh, shit. Okaaaaaay…”

I felt her walls clench around me and almost lost it, had to close my eyes and concentrate as I slid in and out of her warm wetness. Shit, she felt good. “Damn, Trevia!”

She let loose with a string of unrelated obscenities like mother-shit and hell-damn, and I smiled as I continued gliding in and out of her. She bit my chest, slapped my ass, screamed my name, cursed me out, and finally, I felt her walls grip me as she climaxed.

I kept going.

And then she started licking and sucking on my damn nipples and the next thing I knew, I had exploded, shouting her name in the process. Then I collapsed onto her body and fell asleep.





I watched her move around the kitchen as she fried us up some catfish and told me about everything from her ex rolling up on her the day the pictures were taken to her pointing a gun at him earlier that day.

“He pissed on himself?” I asked. “I thought I smelled piss on him. No wonder he was looking all crazy and shit.”

She nodded. “Yeah. So I don’t think he’ll be contacting me anymore.” She left the stove and sat across from me at the table. “Nyles, the only reason I didn’t tell you about him showing up is because I didn’t want you to get in any trouble. You know you’re crazy.”

“Damn, I woulda just kicked his ass, not threatened him with a weapon. But I hear you. You were just looking out for me.”

She nodded. “That’s all I was doing. It was never about him. Yes, before me and you met I had compassion in my heart for him. He said he was changing his life and I really wanted him to, partially for me. After you and I got together, I still held the compassion, but I no longer wanted him to change for me. I wanted him to make a better life for himself and his kids.” She reached for my hands. “Nyles, I was yours nearly from the moment I first saw you. I was yours before I wanted to be yours. Wesley never stood a chance.”

I squeezed her hands in mine. “Hell, I already knew that.”

She rolled her eyes and shook her head.

“Look, baby, I know you love me, but I also know you have a soft heart and I’m pretty sure he knows that, too. I just didn’t want him tryna take advantage of it.”

“You think he’s a weakness for me?”

“Honestly, yeah.”

“Well, he’s not. You are.”

I smiled. “You’re weak for me?”

“Very. Aren’t you weak for me?”

“Shit, I came back, didn’t I?”

She left her chair and stood next to mine. “Do you forgive me?”

I looked up at her and wrapped my arms around her waist. “Like I said, I came back, didn’t I?”

She reached for my hand, pulling me to my feet. “You still love me?”

I kissed her. “Never stopped.”

She nibbled on my ear. “You promise not to ever leave me again?”

I kissed her again. “Only if you promise not to keep anything else from me. I’m a man, I can handle myself. I don’t need protection. I need honesty. Lying makes you appear guilty even when you’re not. I’ve never lied to you. I expect the same level of respect from you.”

She looked me in the eye, and said, “Okay.”

I patted her ass. “Good, now finish cooking that fish. All this arguing and breaking up and shit got me hungry as hell. We can’t break up no more. That shit is stressful.”

“You’re telling me? I haven't eaten in days.”

That hurt my heart. “Baby...I'm so sorry...”

She grinned and hit me on my ass. “It’s all right, but if you're really sorry, you'll make the salad so we can eat.”

I shot her a grin of my own. “Yes, ma’am.”

My phone buzzed in my pocket. “Oh, damn. I’ma have to take this. I don’t know if I can fix the salad.”

She put her hands on her hips and smirked at me.

I answered Uncle Marl’s call and listened in disbelief. When I finally hung up, Trevia had set a plate of food in front of me and was fixing her own plate. I startled her so badly that she nearly dropped it when I grabbed her from behind. “Baby, you are not going to believe this!” I yelled.





39





Two months later…



The place was full to capacity.

I sat front and center in my Nyles Speaks t-shirt, sharing a table with a dapper Uncle Marl and his wife, Thelma, who looked gorgeous in a black cocktail dress that complemented her short, round body. Uncle Marl sat tall and proud, knowing the night’s event was a result of his shrewd negotiation skills. Nyles’ mother and Montell were at the table next to ours, and I finally met his father, who shared another table in the same section with a lady friend of his. Greer and Derek even hired a sitter and were up in VIP sitting with Denise. We were all at the grand reopening of Plush, waiting for Nyles to take the stage.

Cameras were capturing the show of five up-and-coming spoken word artists from across the country for a television special. Nyles would be the final act of the night. The finale. And without a doubt, he was going to bring the house down.

I was happy that Jayla was able to reopen the place, and it definitely didn’t seem to have dropped in popularity. As a matter of fact, people appeared to have been waiting anxiously for it to reopen. She and Amir were back together. I didn’t like it, but realized it just wasn’t my business. And plus, I had made my own mistakes in relationships, tons of them with Wesley alone. I had to learn better, and if there was a lesson for Jayla to learn, it was hers to learn alone.

I was so proud to be there, to be Nyles’ woman, his lover, and his fiancée. More than that, I was proud of him, of the man he was and of how he loved me.

We sat through the other acts. All of them seemed good. Seemed, because I was only half paying attention to them. I was too busy thinking about Nyles and wishing I was backstage with him, but he had insisted I sit out in the audience. When the MC finally said, “Our last artist for tonight is a very talented young brother and one of Texas’ own,” I nearly lost it, started clapping and screaming like a maniac. I didn’t even hear him say Nyles’ name. And then there he was—wearing a red hoodie with a gold fist on the front, black jeans, and a pair of special edition J’s in red, black, and gold. Mood Music was playing behind him as he stood at the mic with his eyes closed like he did at the beginning of every performance. When he was ready to begin, he held up a long, slim finger and opened his eyes.

The music ceased and he began: “I’m Trevia McCall’s man, also known as Nyles Adams, and I’m glad to be here tonight.”

Applause and cheers filled the club. I just sat there with a big, silly grin on my face.

“This first piece is for my woman, my soul mate, my future.” He fixed his eyes on me. “And whenever her fine ass can decide on a date, she’ll be my wife.”

A few chuckles peppered the crowd.

Nyles continued, “It’s entitled, Made to Love. And I’ma tell y’all two things about me right now: I love my woman, and I’ve got a dirty mind.”

The crowd laughed. I smiled at him as I blinked back tears.

His eyes never left me as he spoke. “When we’re lying in bed together, your pretty head on my chest, your eyes hidden behind mahogany lids, I want to stop time, ask for the sun to halt in the sky like Joshua did. After all, this is what we were made for. We were made for this, you and I. We were made to share the good, forget the bad, and to love each other through the ugly. Yes, we were made for this.

“We were made to laugh together, cry together, climax and release together. We were made for you to wrap those long legs around me, for me to carry you in my arms, for you to scream my name, for me to lose myself inside of you. We were made for this.

“We were made to shout and scream at each other, to be mad as hell, to be passionately angry for no reason, for every reason, but not to let the sun go down on it. We were made to respect and forgive. We were made for this.

“We were made to have matching heartbeats, syncopated breathing, and entwined hands, two bodies as one. We were made for this.

“We were made for I do’s and anniversaries and births and birthdays. We were made for an eternity together. You and me. We were made for this.

“You were made to be my queen, and I, your king. We were made for this.

“We were made to love…we were made to love.”





Epilogue





Two Days Later…



“Denise is going to be so pissed at me,” I said, as I snuggled in Nyles’ arms in our hotel room.

He chuckled. “Maybe not too much.”

“She’s been calling me all day. If I answer, I’ma have to lie. I can’t tell her we decided to drive to Mexico and get married this morning.”

“You’re gonna have to tell her eventually.”

“Yeah…I’ll tell her when we get back. I ain’t tryna get cursed out on my honeymoon.”

He grinned down at me. “Man, this is our honeymoon, isn’t it? That means we’re doing way too much talking right now.”

I gently patted his chest and scooted out of his arms a bit. “Um, we already did it like three times...”

“You running from me?”

“No, I’m just saying…aren’t you tired of me?”

He rolled over on top of me. “Wife, I could never be tired of you.”

I grinned up at him. “Wife. I like the sound of that.”

“Good, because you’ll be hearing me say it for the rest of your life.”

“I like the sound of that even more.”

He kissed me deeply, and said, “So do I. I love you, Trevia.”

“I love you, too, Nyles. More than you’ll ever know.”





Here’s a sneak peek at Denise’s story (Coming Soon):



1



Denise



Mondays truly suck sometimes.

It wasn’t that I hated my job. I just didn’t like it. As a matter of fact, the only thing I liked about my job was the first and the fifteenth—my paydays. I also liked the fact that working at a bank meant I was off every time there was a red mark on the calendar. But some days, especially some Mondays, it was just too much for me to have to climb out of bed and make myself presentable so I could work with and around people I didn’t give half a shit about. But nevertheless, I did it day after day, week after week, month after month, and year after year for seven years. This job at Union Central Bank was the first job I landed after graduating from college, the only job I’d ever had other than delivering the plates my mama sold to folks in our neighborhood every Friday and Saturday when I was growing up. And working with my mean-ass mother was almost worse than working at the bank.

Almost.

At least I was used to her attitude and mood swings. Sometimes I didn’t know what box the folks at the bank would come out of. And if some fellow employee or supervisor wasn’t getting on my nerves, it was the customers. As a loan officer, I said no to people far more often than I said yes, and their reactions ranged from devastated to violent. I had been called out of my name, had my door slammed, chairs toppled over, and there was one Caucasian gentleman who raked everything off my desk, including my computer monitor. Some people just didn’t understand that the process was not a personal one. If it were solely up to me, a lot of disapprovals would be approvals. But it wasn’t solely up to me. Credit scores and income and a whole lot of other criteria came into play. The bottom line was whether or not the bank believed loaning money to a person was a sound investment for them. What were the odds of them being paid back? That was there main concern, along with earning money off of the interest paid.

Anyway, this particular Monday I especially wasn’t feeling work. Threw on a business suit and my favorite wig and was sitting at my desk trying to rejuvenate myself with a cup of coffee when the loan department receptionist called and told me my first appointment had arrived. According to my schedule, it was someone who’d applied for a loan online and after being declined, chose the “meet with a representative to go over the results of my loan request” option. What this usually meant to most people was they wanted a chance to plead their case and try to get the bank to change its mind. It was a waste of time for both them and me, but it was part of my job. So I hopped my ass up and headed out to the lobby to meet the customer and quickly saw that he was a reminder of everything that was going wrong in my life—that I was single, sexless, and lonely. The man was fine with a capital F. About five-eleven to my five feet even and broad-shouldered and very muscular and handsome. Dark-skinned, just the way I like them. He was wearing a suit, and I could see a neck tattoo peeking from under his shirt collar.

Damn.

Well, I forgot it was a sucky Monday or that once we got in my office, I would merely be reiterating the fact that he couldn’t have a loan for a moment. Shit, I think I forgot I was at work. I smiled at him as I offered him my hand. “Denise Buhari,” I said, flashing him my best, flirty smile.

“Hasaan Peterson.” His voice was deep, rich, and it oozed over me like warm caramel.

I stood there for a moment and just took him in, wondered to myself if there was anything in the world finer than a black man in a suit. As he gave me a somewhat nervous smile, I decided there wasn’t.

“Um...I’m here about my loan application?” he said.

I finally snapped out of whatever trance I was in. “Oh, yes...follow me.”

Once in the confines of my office, I had to make myself concentrate on the task at hand. I offered him some coffee, and after he said no, I got right down to business.

I opened his file on my computer. “Mr. Peterson, it looks like you were denied a loan for a couple of reasons; one is a poor payment history and the other is a lack of revolving credit.”

He leaned forward, his eyes fixed on me. “I understand that, but...will you at least let me tell you what I need the loan for?”

I would’ve usually said no, but he was fine and I enjoyed watching his lips move, so I nodded.

He straightened up in his chair. “Okay...first I want to thank you for taking the time to meet with me this morning. Uh...I’ll admit I made some financial mistakes in my younger days...”

I glanced at my computer screen, which told me he was now thirty-four. A sexy-ass thirty-four.

“You know how that can be, right? The companies throw credit cards at you. I abused mine, and at the time, I was hopping from job to job and was just too stupid to pay my bills, but I’m working on cleaning my credit up now.”

Yeah, me too, I thought.

“So what I’m trying to do is open a tattoo shop. I’m already licensed and everything, and I’ve been working out of a friend’s shop for a little over a year, so I already have clientele built up. I’m ready for my own shop now. Been working three jobs, saving up money for equipment. This loan would help me pay the lease on the space I want for a year, maybe two, and help me get the rest of the equipment.”

I twisted my lip to the side. I really wished I could help him, and not just because he was fine, but because he sounded so sincere. But the decision wasn’t mine to make. It all came down to algorithms and banking rules. I was powerless.

“Mr. Peterson, I wish I could tell you the loan is yours, but I can’t. I can’t change the bank’s decision.”

He leaned forward again, eyes narrowed as he stared at me. “Then why are you here?”

I frowned slightly. “What?”

“If you can’t help someone like me who’s trying to get ahead in life, someone whose plight you should understand, then why are you working here? Does it make you feel good to sit in this office in your expensive clothes and look down on me, sister?”

I chuckled lightly. “Wow, and here I was thinking you’d be different and not try to play the race card with me like every other tattooed black man who waltzes through my office door. Look, I don’t owe you an explanation, but I work here because I need a job just like everyone else who works here. I work here because it’s a good job and I’m good at it, but there are rules, Mr. Peterson. Rules and criteria for awarding loans that were set in place before I was hired here seven years ago, and the fact that you and I both happen to be black doesn’t change the rules, and since my name is Denise Buhari and not Denise Union Central, I cannot change the rules. Nor will I bend them and jeopardize my livelihood for a stranger who happens to be brown-skinned.”

I stood from my desk and walked over to the door, snatching it open. “Now, you have a nice day.”

He stood, shaking his head. He stopped in the doorway and faced me. “I hope you wake up, sister. I really do.”

He left, and I slammed the door shut before reclaiming my seat behind my desk and mumbling, “Asshole,” to myself.





A southern girl at heart, Alexandria House has an affinity for a good banana pudding, Neo Soul music, and tall black men in suits. When this fashionista is not shopping, she’s writing steamy stories about real black love.

Connect with Alexandria!

Email: msalexhouse@gmail.com

Blog: http://msalexhouse.blogspot.com/

Facebook: Alexandria House

Instagram: @msalexhouse

Twitter: @mzalexhouse





