CRASH

by

Pepper Pace





PEPPER PACE BOOKS





~***~

STRANDED!

Love Intertwined Vol. 1

Love Intertwined Vol. 2

JUICY

Urban Vampire; The Turning

Urban Vampire; Creature of the Night

Wheels of Steel Book 1

Wheels of Steel Book 2

Wheels of Steel Book 3





Table of Contents


Copyright



Chapter 1



Chapter 2



Chapter 3



Chapter 4



Chapter 5



Chapter 6



Chapter 7



Chapter 8



Chapter 9



Chapter 10



Chapter 11



Chapter 12



Chapter 13



Chapter 14



Chapter 15





Copyright





© 2012 by Pepper Pace. All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of Pepper Pace.





Disclaimer

~***~

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. This book contains graphic depictions of sexual acts and is intended for adults only.





Chapter 1





There was no beginning and there is no end. There is just the moment when everything comes crashing together, and that is where it started.





Lucas was lying on the hard ground; the cold wet concrete scratching into his cheek. The grunts of the man raping him, and the encouraging noises of the man holding him down were the only sounds that could be heard in the darkened alley. The other man had already done him and was now keeping him immobile by pinning him to the ground; his knee buried deep into Lucas’ narrow back while his big paws bore down on his wrists. It hurt to move, so he didn’t. It hurt to think, so he didn’t.





He heard one growl low in laughter. “We got your cherry, boy. We got your cherry!”





Lucas wanted to say, ‘No you didn’t,’ but really, he didn’t want to say anything.





With a low grunt the man finished and pulled out of Lucas’ body. That hurt enough for him to finally issue a pained gasp and Lucas tried to make sense of why that should be almost as bad as when the first man had pushed into him. He now just wanted the knee away from his aching spine; he thought he had some cracked ribs and the way the man was pressing his knee into him, his back might be next. Everything hurt. Lucas got his wish when they finally left; hurrying out of the alley, laughing and making lewd comments. Lucas didn’t remember to move until finally the cold got to him. He pulled himself up slowly on hands and knees, his pants and underwear hiked down to just below his ass. He came to his feet and pulled them up, feeling nauseous when wetness slithered from between his ass cheeks.





Moving fast now, he stooped and puked. That seemed to bring back reality and Lucas blinked his dark blue eyes; eyes more violet then blue at the moment. He looked around for his duffel bag. They hadn’t bothered to go through it. Anybody could tell that Lucas was just a homeless bum who wouldn’t be carrying around anything of worth…well other than his wallet. Getting that stolen was a shame, not that there had been any money in it. But it did have his identification. He’d been wise and had learned to keep his money in his shoes.





Lucas wiped his mouth and with his body still stooped, he spat and saw blood, but it wasn’t a part of his vomit. Their beating had torn the tender skin in his mouth. He tentatively touched his eye, his vision was blurred and it stung. He continued to blink rapidly feeling that there might be something in his eye; dirt, gravel…god only knew what could be wrong with it. Lucas ran his hands down his narrow torso and winced when his palm came in contact with his sore ribs.





He reached for his bag and winced again. It hurt to bend, but this was not a pain that was foreign. He held his breath and picked up the heavy duffel bag. Lucas squinted and tried not to think about his stinging eye and…other stuff, then he hiked the bag up over his shoulder and took a step forward. The pain within his rectum flared to life and threatened to send him to his knees, but he was not a virgin in that area and his body catalogued the pain into something that would fade into something bearable in a few days. He swept back his long black hair and caught sight of his dirty hands. That stunned him; his hands were filthy. His grandparents had not raised him to be dirty. He wiped them quickly on his pants and tried to look around. Seeing with one eye was not easy to do and he felt suddenly dizzy and sick.





He had to find another place to sleep. This alley wasn’t safe. He wasn’t sleepy right now; he didn’t think he’d be able to sleep for days. Those men had just appeared. Lucas had been huddled into a tight ball in the corner of the boarded up doorway. Most people probably would not have noticed the thin, dark haired waif. His body was folded over his duffel bag and he knew how to sleep quietly. And then he had felt hands yanking him to his feet by his hair. It wasn’t hard to do; Lucas was tall but thin. He instantly threw up his hands in a motion to protect his face but a second man had slammed his fist into Lucas’ stomach and that was the move that had rendered him helpless. He couldn’t breathe and they had begun rifling through his pockets and then one had squeezed his dick…





This wasn’t the beginning and this wasn’t the end; this wasn’t even the point when it would all come crashing together. That would happen later, only sometimes a crash is a silent event that you don’t even see coming until two unmovable objects collide.





~***~





Sophie reached for her teacup. It had gone lukewarm. She didn’t mind it lukewarm; she could eat hot foods that had grown cold and cold foods that had grown warm. Things like that didn’t bother her. She ate very slowly anyways, sometimes leaving her meal on the table to walk away and do other things and then to come back to it when she grew hungry again. It was the best way for a fat woman. Maybe she wasn’t fat, per se, maybe she was just ‘healthy’, but it did no good to eat a plate full of food until she was bursting when she knew she’d just be peckish again in a few hours –that would only compound the weight problem. Weight problem? It wasn’t a problem because there was no one else to consider being thin for.





Sophie moved her glasses up so that she could rub her eyes. They felt grainy but that always happened when it was late in the night. She let her glasses fall back into place so that she could focus on the digital clock…3 am! Wow insomnia was a bitch.





She was sitting at her desk, the icon of her laptop flashing on a fresh word document page. The ideas were all crowding there in her head, but refused to jump from her mind to the waiting document. Hmmmm…she groaned and picked up the teacup and padded into the kitchen to nuke the tepid liquid. Hot things usually put her to sleep; maybe that would help. Warm milk was supposed to help but she was lactose intolerant and could only have a certain amount of dairy each day. She’d already surpassed that limit with the cereal that she’d eaten for breakfast.





She placed the ceramic mug into the microwave and pressed two minutes, knowing that she probably wouldn’t allow it to heat that long, she didn’t want to sear the lining of her mouth. Her eyes roamed her darkened kitchen, but she knew that she wouldn’t see anything out of place even if her eyes had the ability to penetrate the darkness; which they didn’t. Her eyes moved to the picture window that was situated above her sink. It overlooked the backyard and then the adjacent lot. Sophie squinted and rubbed her gritty eyes and then tried to focus on the form of an individual out back.





She was considered legally blind, but with corrective lenses she had almost perfect vision; except at night. She was night blind which didn’t pose a problem when she knew the layout of her surroundings. She knew the layout of her back yard. Two fences separated her neighbors on both the right and left, but the back had only a low and crumbling cement barrier which separated this side; the residential side from a very narrow alleyway that cars often used to shortcut from Madd Anthony St to Anthony Wayne St. On the other side of the small alley was another low cement barrier and then the parking lot to a few small shops; a tanning/Laundromat, a quick stop convenient mart, and a carryout sub shop. On the right began more small houses and on the left of the strip mall was a small apartment building.





It wasn’t a great neighborhood, but it wasn’t a bad one either. People cut through the alley and between buildings all the time; she herself had often left through the back door to make a quick trip to the convenient mart for gum, candy or soda. So it wasn’t normally strange to see people out back.





But seeing a lone figure just sitting across the way did surprise her. Sophie had never seen anyone just sitting on the low cement barrier. For one it was too low to sit comfortably, more like a big curb, and two; who would want to sit there when there was nothing to see but the back of houses? It could even be dangerous because when cars took the shortcut, they came speeding down the narrow alley nearly blind to who might be trying to cross. A kid had been hit while playing there but since it was just a no-name alley, no one had done anything to stop cars from using the convenient shortcut.





The microwave beeped shrilly and Sophie’s attention moved away from the window. Damn, it would probably be too hot now. Of course if she didn’t get back to sleep then she would have plenty of time to allow it to cool. She got a spoon from the drain board and stirred the simmering liquid. Her eyes moved back to the lone figure. Sophie could barely make out a thin person in dark clothing with dark hair. They were hunched over their bent knees. It had to be a kid; the figure was very small.





She carefully picked up the mug and returned to her small office, her brain focusing on her task and not on the idea of another unfortunate runaway.





Sophie’s ‘office’ was just a second bedroom converted into a work space. It was actually a pretty nice area; her favorite. There was a desk; more to hold her pens, pencils and notes then for writing. Her laptop sat there, the screen dark now. Most times Sophie just carried it to the over-stuffed reclining chair situated in one corner, and she wrote with her legs curled sideways, the laptop propped on her thigh. She could write for hours this way, becoming lost in the words that she strung together to create a story, to make someone feel aroused, to illicit a tear. This was Sophie’s craft; she was a writer.





Other then the big heavy desk, an old but comfortable reclining chair next to a small folding table to hold a lamp, there was just room enough for two walls of bookshelves stacked floor to ceiling with books.





She set the now-too-hot beverage on the desk and refreshed the screen. Low music was issuing through a playlist; soothing unobtrusive ambient music that generally got her into the right frame of mind to write. She sat down at the desk and stared at the blank screen.





Once upon a time Sophie wrote because she liked to. Now that she had to, the words were not as easy to come. The publishing company had signed her to an additional three book deal after they had accepted her first novel. It was all pie and the sky back then.





The publishing company was geared to African American women and they had several categories of books. Sophie wrote in the Interracial category. The first novel that she had submitted after signing with Clarion Press was easy to write; the words swelled out of her. But after submitting it to the editor she was informed that her ‘quirky’ characters needed to be more mainstream. Her African American character didn’t seem ‘black enough’ and her white character didn’t seem ‘white enough’.





“Can you make him whiter? Maybe have him say or do something…white?” is what Candace had said. Candace was her agent and Candace had obviously never dated a white man.





“Yeah,” had been Sophie’s response. Because back then she was still very grateful for the big check that had allowed her to retire early; and the promise of royalties and many more ‘big checks’.





But that was two years ago and she had one more book in her contract. When that was written she would flee Clarion and consider self-publishing. She wanted to write her own ‘quirky’ characters and not Candace’s idea of an interracial relationship; Candace who didn’t even date outside of her race. Not that Sophie dated outside of her race...not anymore.





Her first book had received good reviews, the second mediocre, and by the third novel, she had developed a small following because there just weren’t that many good writers that wanted to write in the interracial genre. But Sophie didn’t think that she had created any great feat of literature. She was a published writer but she was no William Shakespeare. Sophie did consider herself a good writer, but she didn’t think her last two books showcased her talents, in actuality they had snuffed her talents in exchange for witty banter improbable situations.





The last book had been an collection of erotic stories. Candace had forced her to tone down the most steamy scenes, which had pissed her off and which had been the catalyst for her decision not to sign another book deal with Clarion. They would get four novels out of her and no more. Now she had to concentrate on submitting the synopsis and first three chapters of her next book. She’d been given 90 days to do it and she only had little more than a month remaining.





And she hadn’t written one freaking word.





Well that wasn’t true. She had begun the synopsis for a hit woman, she had begun a chapter for a streetwise female gangsta --but what did she know about hit women and gangsta’s? Candace had wanted her to find a story that appealed to the 25 to 30 black female demographic but Sophie was 42 years old and what the hell did she know about what 25 year olds wanted to read?! She just wrote what she liked. Sophie blinked at the blank screen. Her lips curled upward. Candace’s perfectly poised demeanor would surely crack if she sent her 50 blank pages.





“Sophie...? Are you joking?” Sophie would be tempted to say, “You write it since my last two books have been more your words than mine.”





Maybe everyone hated their agent.





Sophie picked up her mug and took a careful sip. It was hot, but no longer at the danger point. Okay! Enough of this! Sophie put her mug down and straightened her back. She allowed her fingers to hover over the keys. She had a story that had been swirling around in her head, a story inspired by her college days. ‘Now find the words and pull it out of your head Sophie!’ And then her fingers began to move rapidly over the keys.





Eric rolled out of bed. He had hair in his mouth and it wasn't his. He padded naked into the bathroom and before even peeing he brushed his teeth, then he could still smell her pussy so he washed his face. He looked into the bedroom at her sleeping body; partially covered by his comforter--still not believing that they had finally done it. He crept over and pulled the comforter up over her shoulder. Even though his heat was turned sky high, it seemed chilly. The temperature was always so screwy in this damn place--which is what you usually got when the utilities where included in the rent.





Eric ripped a sheet of paper from a pad and scribbled a note.





Karen, I have to get to class, but



please don't leave. I only have one



and will be back by noon



Eric





He jumped into the shower and got dressed and Karen still hadn't budged. He'd seen her down 3 7-ups and Tanguerays, her signature drink. And that had just been at the party. He had smelled beer on her when she had first arrived. It wasn't by far the drunkest that he had ever seen her, but it had been the first time that she'd let him sleep with her.





Eric had been wanting to get with Karen for the last six months; from the first time he'd seen her walk into the cafeteria on campus. She had been wearing skintight jeans and Eric thought that her ass was shaped just like a little heart. She had fiery red hair; wild, long, gorgeous. And she had freckles on her nose. But her mouth was an unsmiling hard thing, while her eyes were heavily lidded, bedroom eyes that somehow softened the hard edges. Because of these two opposing forces in Karen's face, Eric couldn't help but to view her face as two separate things, from her mouth down, and from her eyes up; She seemed two totally different people.





Eric couldn’t stop thinking about her, and she one day noticed this.





"Hey." She said to him in passing, the first words she had ever spoken to him.





"Hey," he replied. And then she had just disappeared. Afterwards, at parties or at clubs they were casual friends and they often danced together or talked over beers. It was evident that Eric was crushing on her. Karen’s friends would ask her why she didn't go out with him, he was such a fox! Karen would shrug. For right now, she simply enjoyed knowing that he wanted her.





***



No sooner had Eric stepped out of his Jeep Cherokee did Bryan swoop on him, like he had dropped from the sky like some unwanted bird turd zeroing in on its target. Although Bryan was Eric's best buddy--had been since elementary school, his presence at this moment was very much unwanted. Eric knew that the first question out of Bryan's mouth was going to be if he had fucked Karen or not.





"So, was it good?"





"Was it good?" Eric replied feigning ignorance, still walking.





"Hey, I seen you and Karen leaving together. Man, she is so fucking hot!"





"I ain't saying nothing."





Bryan suddenly stopped walking. Eric looked at him and reluctantly he stopped also.





"Is she the one?" Bryan's expression was thoughtful, even considerate. He knew that Eric was not inhibited when it came to talking sex. As a matter of fact he could put such a descriptive flow into his words that it was almost like watching the act on TV. Neither of them hurt for girls, but Bryan had come to enjoy listening to Eric's colorful narratives. However, there was one exception: Eric clammed up big time if he really cared for the girl.





"She's the one, ain't she?"





Eric thought real hard before answering. "I like her...but I don't know if she likes me." Sure, they'd spent almost the entire night screwing, but there had been something...distant, bored even, in her actions. It was like she was doing it alone. Eric realized something for the first time; People could be intimate without having sex and people could have sex and not be intimate.





Sophie picked up her mug of tea with a satisfied smile and took a careful sip; it was lukewarm again. But it was okay because she’d just begun her first chapter of her new novel! She would knock off this chapter and after getting a better feel for the characters, create an outline and then write up a synopsis. Then she would be able to make her deadline easily. She stood, went to the toilet to pee and then carried the half finished mug back into the kitchen to warm it once more. She glanced out the window, remembering the kid that had been sitting on the stump. Christ Almighty, they were still there. That had to have been at least an hour ago since she’d last looked.





The curb was not a safe place to sit. Why hadn’t that kid gone deeper into the alley where there were at least dark places that could better conceal them? Where the kid was sitting was illuminated by the beam of one lone streetlight that had been placed in the small strip mall’s parking lot. The purpose was probably as much to deter criminals as it was to offer illumination for night-time customers.





Maybe the kid didn’t want to be hidden.





Sophie frowned seconds before her eyes glazed over.





“If it wasn’t for you, Sophie, I would have probably died a long time ago.” Her mother had said to her. “You saved my life. I didn’t care about myself. I was reckless and stupid. I was going to join some black militant group just in the hopes of doing something dangerous and stupid enough to kill me.” Mama’s voice always said such things in a calm, matter-of-fact manner as if this confession would not send Sophie’s young mind spinning in turmoil. Mama’s eyes softened as she continued speaking. “But then I had you and I knew that I had to live so that nothing could ever hurt you…” And those words had so devastated her seven year old brain that forever after she would be marked. She didn’t think that her mother had purposely done this; certainly her mother was smart but not sneaky/child psychology smart; for her mother’s words ensured that Sophie would forever be a girl worthy of her mother’s life. Sophie was a good girl, never any trouble to her mother or anyone else.





When her eyes cleared, Sophie slipped on her clogs because she wouldn’t have to bother to bend down and lace them. She was wearing pajama bottoms and a long sleeved t-shirt that she liked to sleep in. It didn’t matter if she went outside in them; people these days wore such things to the mall. Sophie grabbed her jacket and unlocked the back door. She looked around even though she had an outside light that illuminated the small back yard. There was nothing lurking in the shadows, so she quickly crossed the yard, slowing only when she reached the cement barrier that marked ‘her’ side of the street.





It was a little boy; maybe not little, but a boy. He was sleeping with his head resting on his knees. A huge green duffel bag rested beneath his body. Ah so that’s how he could sit on the wall; he was actually sitting on the duffel bag that was propped against the wall. Damn he was pale and thin. She watched him quietly before crossing the broken cement wall to the narrow alley with its buckled paving, and the boy still didn’t move. She slowly sat down next to him. The cement hurt her butt since she didn’t have the luxury of sitting on a nice cushy duffel bag. It shouldn’t have, though, not with the amount of padding that she had back there. Plus her knees creaked and she wondered how easily she would be able to stand again, she was practically squatting as it is. She was too old to sit on something this close to the ground she thought with a sigh.





Sophie sat quietly, taking in the expanse of her and her neighbor’s yards. She needed to straighten the water hose; it had come undone and was lying in a pile beneath the ring that she had attached to the back of the house just for the purpose of keeping it neat. She couldn’t wait to see her flowers bloom, it still felt like winter so there would be a few more weeks of rain before that would happen. It’s why she hated spring; it was only pretending to be summer.





Sophie was surprised that the boy didn’t wake up in the five minutes that she had been sitting next to him wool gathering. She would have wondered if he was even alive if not for the low even breathing that issued from his otherwise motionless form. His face was turned away from hers so that she couldn’t really see him clearly, only a mass of longish black hair and a bunch of narrow limbs concealed beneath layers of baggy clothes. His hands clasped his legs tightly and she wondered how one slept when not in a state of total relaxation.





Why am I out back at freaking 4 am, sitting next to a homeless boy? Because no child should ever be left to hurt.





“Sophie Ann Baxter, get the belt because I’m going to whup your tail!” With shaking hands, Sophie went into her Mother’s closet and located the hard, thick belt. Once she’d made the mistake of getting the thin narrow one but it had hurt worse. She didn’t get many whippings but when she did, her mother laid into her good. She knew this one was coming because she hadn’t been doing her homework. Math was just too hard and she didn’t know how to finish—and her mother couldn’t help because she had no idea about formulas and such.





Sophie didn’t know to try to explain this to someone, she had just left her homework undone, and now Mama was laying that belt on her good. Sophie’s eyes would squeeze close with each painful lash against her backside. Because Mama swung wildly, the belt would land just about anywhere; on her back, her legs, once she’d had a welt on her neck!





With each strike of the belt, Sophie would grip the bed sheet, she writhed around but she didn’t make one sound. She bit back her cries. Oh, there would be tears but she wouldn’t give her mother the satisfaction of seeing them. She would cry later when she rubbed the welts. She never let anyone see her cry. Ever.





The belt suddenly stopped. Mama always delivered each lash with a statement or questions that you weren’t really supposed to answer such as, “Are you out…of…your…mind?”





You never wanted her to get long winded and you didn’t want to answer because then the response would just be punctuated with further strikes of the belt.





But her mother said no more and the belt just stopped moving. That was short. Sophie looked over her shoulder and her mother was just watching her calmly.





“Get up Sophie Ann.” Okay, so she was still mad or she wouldn’t have thrown the Ann in there. Sophie got up and pulled up her jeans.





“I’m not trying to break you.” Mama said as if that statement had any meaning.





“What?”





“Break.” Mama moved to leave the room but turned to look at Sophie who was gingerly sitting on the edge of her bed. “My daddy tried to break us. He whipped us and beat the boys. And Sophie, I never told you this, but I was the only one who never cried.” Sophie absorbed her words. “I had to learn to be strong in order to survive this life. I’m not going to be the one to break you. I want you to continue being strong, little girl.” Then Mama had left the room. Sophie was twelve and that was the last whipping she’d ever gotten.





Sophie knew about her mother’s abuse at the hands of her grandfather. She had known since the age of nine. “Why didn’t you tell somebody, Mom?” The teachers said to tell somebody big. They had used the words ‘stranger danger’ and Sophie had liked the sound of it at the same time that she hoped she would never have to use it. Still, danger didn’t have to come from a stranger…



Her mother had given her a hard look. “Nobody would have cared about someone like me.”





“Hey…” She said softly. It was barely a whisper but the boy leaped to his feet in the way that only the youth could do. He spun in her direction ready to bolt; his eyes had that deer-in-the-headlight look. He was tall, maybe it wasn’t such a good idea to be sitting while he was standing over her, not that she wouldn’t be able to lift the frail boy and toss him if she was forced to; he was just that small . His eyes scanned her form and he seemed to decide that he was in no imminent jeopardy of being harmed because he relaxed his defensive posture.





Now that she could see his face it was evident that someone had beaten him pretty badly. His lip was split, his eye was swollen and nearly completely closed and his mouth looked like it was packed with cotton. She squinted and slowly held out her hand to him.





“Can you help me up?”





He looked at her hand for a moment and then slowly offered her his. His palm was smooth but his grip was strong and then he braced himself and helped her to stand. She thought she might pull him over as she struggled to her feet, but he was stronger than he looked.





Once standing she noted that he was taller than her, maybe six feet but his baby face made him seem very much smaller, especially when his eyes lowered at her scrutiny. He had to have realized that she was examining his bruises.





“I’m Sophie.” His eyes flitted to hers before staring at his feet again. She thought he did it more to conceal his face then out of shyness. He nodded once and mumbled a soft sound that could have been hi. He seemed to be politely waiting for her to tell him to leave so that he could make his getaway.





“Do you want some water?”





He looked at her, his brow gathered in confusion as his eyes searched her face. Sophie gestured to her house.





Lucas was not sure what to make of her. He had just stopped to rest for a minute and then she was there. Now that the initial shock of her appearance had disappeared he realized that his body was just one throbbing nerve ending. Even his hair hurt. And his mouth was bone dry. He had money; a little, and he could buy something to drink, but it was too late in the night for anything to be open. And Lucas had learned long ago, to not look a gift horse in the mouth.





He nodded.





The woman headed across the alleyway and Lucas scooped up his duffel bag and gingerly but quickly followed, even though each move felt like he was being pounded with blunt instruments. Sophie stepped over the low cement partition and stumbled over some large pieces of broken concrete that had been concealed in the weeds.





Lucas reached out and steadied her and the woman gave him a surprised but thankful look. She was tall for a lady, and looked to be in her forties, and she was plump…not plump because plump meant rounded. She was just big, proportionate looking even though she wore baggy pj bottoms and a super long shirt partially concealed by a jeans jacket. And she had clogs on her feet, the ones with the chunky heel, which is the reason that she had lost her balance on the crumbled concrete. She had a pleasant face, not really pretty, but nice. Her hair was unkempt as if she had just gotten out of bed. It was pulled back into a ponytail, the ends long enough to reach between her shoulder blades.





She moved up the backstairs of a small, but neat, one story house. It seemed all brick and concrete and had a nicely maintained yard. Lucas became a bit leery. He didn’t much go into people’s homes unless they wanted something from him, and what they wanted was never good. His eyes became guarded as he prepared himself for what was surely to come. Would he fuck her if she asked? His body hurt really bad but if she gave him some food then yeah, he probably would. If she had a guy in there though, he would run.





She went inside and held the door opened for him. He hesitated, trying to peer into the darkened room. She gave him a soft smile.





“It’s okay.”





He entered the room and looked around, his eyes becoming adjusted quickly as there was light coming from the next room so that they were not in total darkness. Sophie moved to the fridge and examined its contents before retrieving a bottled water. He accepted it tentatively but once it was in his possession it was his and he quickly untwisted the top and upended the contents into his mouth. He drank swiftly, too swiftly because his head began to pound with brain freeze. He lowered the bottle. He had just drank half of its contents in seconds. He belched and whispered his apology. He suddenly adjusted his weight from one foot to the next. He had to pee. He wouldn’t ask because it was one thing to be given a bottled water that was completely disposable and wouldn’t have to be scrubbed clean because he had come in contact with something that she would need to use again. It was a totally different thing to use her toilet.





“Do you want something to eat?” She asked in the same way that she had asked if he wanted some water. There was no pity, no cajoling, it was just a simple question.





His stomach growled at the mention of food. “Yes.” Why lie? Gift horse and all…





She turned back to the fridge and Lucas drew in a deep breath.





“Um…may I…” She looked up at him with dark eyes that seemed too dark to be brown. Do people have black eyes? Luke didn’t know but since his went from blue to violet he figured that anything was possible.





“The bathroom?” The woman prompted.





He nodded nervously, but he really had to pee and didn’t know if he could hold it until after she gave him food.





“I’ll show you where it is.” She led him through a large dining room. It was a shotgun house which meant that he could see clear through to the front of the house even from the back kitchen. It was nice, small but spacious. She didn’t have a bunch of old lady stuff cluttering the rooms, maybe a few too many plants but her furniture was nice and simple from what he could see. She had some art pieces on her walls and they showed abstract images of mainly black people. She didn’t seem rich, but she didn’t seem poor either.





She led him from the dining room to the left and they were in a short hallway. On either side of the hallway were rooms, one was a darkened bedroom. Lucas could make out the shadowy images of furniture and a portion of an unmade bed. He turned quickly away, not wanting the woman to think that he was a maniac. He glanced in the direction of the other room. It was lit and appeared to be an office. Low, jazzy-like music issued from it. But straight ahead was the room he was concerned with; the bathroom. The lady turned to him and he saw her brow shoot up in surprise. He guessed he looked pretty bad and that she hadn’t been able to tell from the darkness outside.





“Take your time. If you want to wash up there are clean towels and wash cloths in the closet behind the door.” Her brown face hid a grimace. “There are…bandages in the medicine chest.” Her eyes swept his dirty clothes before she turned back to the kitchen.





Lucas felt his face redden and knew that she’d seen his embarrassment. Well at least she didn’t kick him out. “Thank you,” he remembered to call out. He saw the woman hesitate but she didn’t turn and continued on to the kitchen. Lucas sighed and shut the door after him.





This was an old house, the fixtures where ceramic and not metal, and they looked like claws. There was even a claw foot tub. But it was nice; so very clean. When was the last time that he’d been in a toilet that didn’t smell of shit and piss? He smelled the faint aroma of soap and pine cleaner.





Lucas lifted the lid on the toilet and quickly peed. It hurt when the urine moved from his bladder and down his urethra leaving a dull ache in his back. One of the guys had given him a good kidney shot. He closed his eyes. He tried not to think of that. But he could smell himself when he opened his jeans and it made him nauseous again. After he had emptied his bladder, Lucas flushed and reached to turn on the water so that he could wash his hands.





He hesitated when his dirty fingers touched the pristine white ceramic. He pumped the soft soap dispenser and began to scrub his dirty hands under the hot water stream. The basin began to fill with blackened water. He repeated the process before his pale digits looked familiar to him. Then Lucas took a deep breath and looked up into the mirror.





His lip twitched and then the pain flared to life, which often happened to him when he caught sight of his injuries. Sometimes it was better not to even look. His lip was split and a dried crust of blood rested on his chin. His eye was really bad, the worst shiner he’d ever had. He couldn’t even see out of it, there was a filmy haze that he hoped wouldn’t result in the loss of sight. His face was swollen like a chipmunk. Lucas looked down at the water and he splashed his face. Using more soft soap, he gently washed his face and neck. He was appalled that the sink was now smeared with black dirt! He reached for one of the wash cloths from the small pantry behind the door and quickly dried his face, neck and hands. The once clean wash cloth was soiled. He looked at it in shame and then quickly wiped the sink clean with it. Then he used the soft soap to scrub the washcloth as clean as he could.





He wished he could hide it, he was so embarrassed. Instead, he spread it out to dry on the tub and picked up his bottled water, leaving the bathroom. He could smell food as soon at the door opened and his stomach began to ache with hunger. He had money for food but he never ate his fill. There was always tomorrow to think about. Lucas swept his damp hair to the side where it had gotten wet from his face washing. It concealed his shiner; at least he hoped it did.





He stunk, he was all beat up, and he was ashamed. He walked into the dining room where the lady; Sophie had placed a plate piled high with food on the table alongside a tall glass of iced tea.





Sophie saw the hesitancy on the boy’s hungry face. “Come on, sit down. Eat up.”





She watched him pull out the wooden dining room chair and look at it warily. Then he sat down very carefully and looked at her in gratitude. His expression nearly broke her heart. Why did people hurt kids?





“Thank you.” His voice was much deeper than she would have expected. It rumbled from his thin body sounding like it had risen from the soul of an old man.





“It’s just leftovers.” Sophie liked food, just because she lived alone didn’t mean that she couldn’t enjoy a pot roast or a nice meatloaf. And she made a pot of greens every few weeks and generally froze the leftovers. Lucas’ plate contained some of the greens that she had thawed earlier that day, cornbread also thawed, meatloaf that she had prepared hours earlier, and the last of the mashed potatoes that she had planned to have as leftovers later today. Yeah, it was no longer last night, it was officially today.





Lucas might have been shy but he wasn’t too shy to eat under Sophie’s scrutiny. While he quickly shoveled food into his mouth she watched him curiously.





“What’s your name?”





She saw a blush creep up along his pale skin. He was much whiter now that he had evidently washed his face.





“I’m sorry, Ma’ame. My name is Lucas. Lucas Reider.”





“I’m not Ma’ame, just Sophie. Sophie Baxter.”





“Nice to meet you. Thank you for…everything.”





Sophie gestured for him to continue eating. “Not a problem Lucas.” He tightened his grip on his fork and continued eating enthusiastically.





“Did you get beat up tonight?”





Sophie saw Lucas’ eyes become guarded. He didn’t answer but he did nod.





“Your eye looks really bad. I think you should see a doctor.” She knew that there were free hospitals and clinics.





Lucas swallowed a mouthful of food. “I don’t have my identification.” Even at the free clinic you needed identification. “They stole my wallet.”





“Did they take all of your money?”





He shook his head slowly. “I still have some.”





Some. His food soon disappeared and his plate was scraped clean of every remnant of the meal. Sophie wished that she could offer him seconds but there wasn’t any more. She did go into the kitchen and return with two plates each containing a slice of caramel cake that she had bought from the super market. She didn’t dare bake an entire cake for herself, but her local grocers sold cake by the slice.





Lucas’ eyes widened as she slid the plate in front of him. This time he ate slower.





“Thank you, Ma’ame-I mean, Sophie!”





Lucas finished his cake, his iced tea and his bottled water and Sophie thought that if she put the kitchen sink in front of him he’d devour that too. Where was that food going in that little teeny body of his? She stood up and Lucas came to his feet quickly. Sophie reached for his plate and paused. She almost dropped the plate when she looked back at him.





“Lucas…”





He didn’t understand why she had such a look on her face. He didn’t remember doing anything wrong. He looked towards the kitchen where he’d left his duffel bag. He needed to get his things and go and thank her again-





“Lucas…were you raped?”





His head began to spin. “What…?”





She glanced at the chair that he had risen from and there was a slight smear of blood.





“Oh, god. Miss Sophie, I’ll clean that-!”





She placed her hands on either of his shoulders and held him gently in place. “Don’t worry about that, it’s just an old wooden chair.” Her voice was soft and gentle but her eyes were squinted. Lucas felt embarrassed heat creeping up his body and he knew that his face flamed.





“I’m going to take you to the hospital, Lucas-”





“I’m okay-” he glanced at the chair and at the smear of fresh blood, he felt dizzy again.





He saw her move past him swiftly. She grabbed her purse and keys.





“Miss—Sophie, you don’t have to-” She held out her hand to him and waited. He took a tentative step toward her waiting hand and though he didn’t take it, he allowed himself to be led out the front door.





Chapter 2





When someone is rushed to the hospital, things move in a different time. The clock tends to stop and the hospital becomes its own universe. It doesn’t matter if you told your boss that you’d be in later, or if you have to go home to feed the dogs, or even if you’ve been lying in a narrow triage bed for three consecutive hours; hospital time moves at its own pace despite your protests.





Sophie was sitting in the plastic chair next to Lucas’ bed. They were in the same examination room that they’d been in three hours ago. They were informed that X-rays were needed, but no one had come to take them to where it needed to be done! Lucas was in a hospital gown and covered with a blanket. His arm was tossed over his face and had been that way for a long time. He hadn’t spoken to her.





They’d at least looked at his eye and given him drops to soothe the abrasion. It would be okay. They’d also given him morphine and Demerol for his other pain and he had dozed off and on. Each time he awakened, he’d jump and hold up his hand as if to fight someone off. Sophie worried that he was having nightmares about his attack. She whispered in his ear, once he was sleeping quietly again, that she was there and everything was okay now. Maybe it was stupid but she figured she could try giving him some type of mental suggestion to ease his distress.





She’d been the one to talk to the emergency room receptionist when they’d first arrived. She’d explained that he’d been beaten and sexually assaulted earlier and that he’d been robbed of his wallet.





“How old is he?” The receptionist had asked while looking at where he was standing, leaning against the far wall of the waiting area.





“Fifteen or sixteen. I don’t know.” Sophie had said.





“Damn.” The receptionist had responded.





“I know.”





“Is he a runaway?”





“I think he is. He’s obviously homeless.”





“We can get social services to get him into emergency placement.” Sophie nodded. “You think he’ll talk to the cops? Kids like him rarely do.”





Sophie had looked back at him and he met her eyes nervously. “I don’t know. I’ll try to get him to.”





“Okay. We’ll call you back as quickly as possible. Do you think you can stay with him? He seems skittish.”





“Of course,” Sophie had responded.





It had been uncomfortable back in triage when there was nothing to do but wait for someone to examine him. Neither of them knew what to expect and Sophie didn’t feel like making small talk--about as much as Lucas probably wouldn’t want to engage in it. But then a nurse had come in along with a police officer and they had asked Sophie to leave the room. When she was allowed to return, Lucas had already been given an examination and samples had been taken for the police. She had not been upset about leaving the room. She didn’t need details.





But when she had returned, Lucas was red and most of his face was concealed by his arm. And he’d been that way since. Finally when Sophie herself was dozing, they came to wheel him to radiology. Lucas’ eyes jolted open and he looked around. One of the technicians explained in fast but gentle words that he was going up for an X-ray. Lucas searched for Sophie and when he saw her, his hand flopped to the raised railing and he opened it slightly, maybe even unconsciously.





Sophie reached out and gripped it firmly. “Do you want me to go with you?”





He nodded silently and closed his eyes again. They didn’t move him to a wheelchair, due to his injuries, but allowed him to stay in the bed while they transported him to radiology. Sophie continued to hold his hand even though he was dozing again. They wouldn’t let her into the X-ray room, so while they did what they needed to, she hurried down to the gift shop and bought him a pair of sweats. He would not be able to wear the other clothing when social services came to pick him up, and she didn’t want him to be further embarrassed by the soiled articles. It was difficult enough that he had been sexually assaulted, but being a male must be a further stigma that would make it that much harder for the shy boy. Her heart went out to him.





When she returned to radiology she was informed that he had already been returned to triage. He was sitting propped up in bed and staring blankly at the curtain when she entered. His eyes moved to hers before quickly flitting away.





“Thank you for staying,” he murmured. “You didn’t have to do that.”





“I didn’t mind.” She stepped forward and handed him the folded navy blue sweats. “Here is something clean for you to wear.” He gave her a surprised look. “Your duffel bag is still at my house.” He nodded.





The quiet made her uncomfortable now that he was awake. She gestured to the outer area. “I can go get your prescriptions-”





“No! I don’t want you to have to pay for anything,” he said in that deep voice that was so surprising from his young face.





“It’s free.”





“Are you sure?”





“Yes.”





“Okay.” He said.





“I’ll be right back.”





It took longer than she had anticipated and when she returned with the little white bag containing antibiotic cream, eye drops, muscle relaxers and pain killers, Lucas was already up and dressed and speaking to the doctor that had treated him.





“You can come back for the results of the blood test in three days, okay?”





Lucas nodded. “Okay.”





Sophie opened the curtain and stepped in. The doctor gave her a nod. “I was just telling Mr. Reider that his ribs aren’t broken and that the contusion will heal and for him not to do any heavy lifting for…one week.” He referred to his clipboard. “And I think that’s all.” He gave them a brief smile. “You’re free to leave now.”





Sophie squinted. “Wait, Social services is supposed to come pick him up.” She looked back and forth from the doctor’s confused face to the Lucas’.





“Well they only do that for minors.” The doctor left, looking at her as if she was mentally retarded.





“Sophie…” Lucas began, his brow gathered. “How old do you think I am?”





“Sixteen…maybe seventeen?”





“I’m twenty-two.”





“What…? You…don’t look it.” She was stunned. Seventeen had been a stretch. Despite his height, he looked like he could have still been in elementary school!





He just nodded. “I look young for my age, but…my face is swollen and I guess I look even younger. I’m sorry,” he apologized for some unfathomable reason.





Sophie studied him. He was lanky in the sweats and his long black hair swept his collar which also aided in the illusion of youth. His posture indicated how uncomfortable her scrutiny made him.





“We should go.” He nodded and followed, leaving her in charge. In the car he moved the soiled newspaper that she had placed on the seat to keep it clean. He threw it into the trash bin distastefully and sat down carefully.





“Are you okay?” She asked when he was settled. He nodded while buckling himself in. “Let’s get some lunch. I don’t know about you but I’m starving.” He nodded once.





Sophie drove to a nearby sandwich shop that served double deckers and breakfast all day. It was a hole in the wall, but sometimes holes served the best food.





They grabbed a booth. Sophie thought it would be easier for him to sit since it was cushioned. They quietly looked at the menu. “Lucas?”





He looked at her.





“You live on the streets?”





“Sometimes I stay at a pay per night motel, but I’m homeless right now.” Being homeless without his id would be hard. It would make everything so much harder, from getting a room to getting things from the free store. Sophie was talking again and he focused on what she was saying.





“How…long?”





“About a year.”





She watched him. “What happened?” A waitress came by and took their drink order. Sophie asked for iced tea, Lucas just wanted water.





He cleared his throat. “It’s…kind of a long story.”





“Do you got anyplace to be?”





He shook his head. “No, Sophie.”





“Me, either.”





He gave her a curious look. “Your boss won’t wonder why you’re not at work?”





“I’m a writer. I’m my own boss.”





“Wow, a writer? You have books published and everything?” His voice seemed more lively than she’d heard it thus far.





“Four, actually.”





“What do you write?” He asked, enthusiastically.





“Romances; in the interracial genre.”





“I’d like to read your books.” He was an avid reader. There hadn’t been much else to do in his free time when he’d been back home, and he had developed a love for the written word. Pawpaw and Granny never had cable or internet so he was a frequent visitor to his local library. He never read much romance, other than the classics. But he loved Stephen King, Dean Koontz and John Grisham. He never got into the fantasy tales of vampires and werewolves but had read several books in that genre that he liked. He didn’t think he’d ever read a book about being in an interracial relationship, though. But he had read books written by black authors such as James Baldwin and Alice Walker.





“I have some at the house.” She smiled. “I’ll even sign them for you.”





He grinned broadly. The waitress returned with their beverages and took their orders. Lucas had shoved his money into his coat pocket when he had undressed at the hospital and knew that he only had thirteen dollars.





“Grilled cheese, please.” He said, because that was the cheapest thing on the menu.





Sophie eyed him. Lucas noted that her eyes were in fact black and they looked really tired. “Lucas, please order some real food; my treat.” She didn’t say things as if she hoped you’d take her suggestions. Sophie spoke as if she expected you to because it was the smart thing to do.





He looked at the waitress. “I’ll have a cheeseburger and fries along with a bowl of chili…and could you still bring the grilled cheese?” Sophie ordered a ham and roast beef double decker with American cheese and barbecue potato chips instead of the plain. She also wanted it on toasted white bread and dragged through the garden along with extra onions.





She looked at him again. “You were telling me how long you’ve been homeless?”





He fiddled with his napkin. “Well, I was raised by my grandparents. My mother left me with them when I was seven. I don’t know about my father.” It wasn’t as if he could ever have a normal conversation with his meth head mother to ask her about the man. “Anyways, my grandmother died a few years ago and Pawpaw took ill right after. I was used to taking care of Granny. She’d had a stroke years before and needed help with everything. So after school, I always just came straight home, did my chores and helped out with her. Pawpaw would need a break about then.” He wasn’t sure why he was telling her all of this; other than that he was probably babbling due to the drugs.





Taking care of his grandparent’s is the reason that he didn’t really have any friends. He couldn’t play sports or go over to friend’s houses or invite them over to his house when he was always busy trying to help the household run smoothly. He couldn’t get an after school job or even one after graduation because Granny needed him, and then Pawpaw did. But then Pawpaw died, mostly of a broken heart.

Lucas had never realized how precariously life balanced until after Pawpaw died. And then everything went tumbling down hill.





“When my grandfather took ill and died, I was kind of at a loss for what to do. I never had a real job in my life. The house was paid for but there were utilities and insurance and taxes…Pawpaw had paid for his final arrangements when Granny died, but not the hospital bills.” Lucas frowned and swallowed. He was staring at the napkin as if it was a picture into the past.





“I got a job at a grocery store; bagging and stocking, but that wasn’t enough and well, they foreclosed on the house. A friend from work told me that I could squat there and they couldn’t kick me out, but…I didn’t want to. I decided to strike out and just start fresh.”





He paused and noted that Sophie was watching him with interest. He drank down half of his water and continued.





“I had a few hundred dollars saved up and I took a bus to Cincinnati. Don’t ask me why Cincinnati, but it was cheap and far enough away from Columbus.”





“Why didn’t you stay in Columbus?”





“Because…there was nothing there for me anymore,” except for the job, which he had since regretted quitting.





“I found a job at a diner, right off.” It was busy and hard work and the owner was an asshole and so were the customers. “The pay sucked. Sometimes I only cleared enough to pay my weekly rent and bus fare to and from work. Did you know that Cincinnati was the bedbug capitol of the country?” He said out of the blue.





She grimaced. “I know.”





“Did you know that if you go to work at a restaurant covered in bed bug bites that you will get fired?”





“I didn’t know that.”





“Maybe it’s not a law or anything, but it is a fact. No one wants to come to a restaurant and see sores on their server or bus boy-slash-hostess.”





The waitress came at that exact moment and gave Lucas an alarmed look. She left their order, cringing, without offering to freshen Lucas’ drink.





Sophie didn’t like the idea of bedbugs either, but she hadn’t seen any evidence of it on the boys pale arms or legs while he was wearing the hospital gown.





“So what happened after you lost your job?”





“I tried to find another place to live-one without bed bugs.” He stared out into the distance with a thoughtful look on his face. “Being that Cincinnati is the bedbug capitol of the world…perhaps the universe, this was not to be an easy feat.” He looked at her then, “especially not for someone that only had a hundred fifty-seven dollars in their pockets. I went to the free clinic and got ointment and then I went searching for a new job and a new place to live,” and then he just stopped talking.





“What happened next?”





“Last night happened next.” He stirred his hot chili, not yet eating.





She squinted at him in that curious way that she had. “You’ve been jobless and living on the streets since…For a year?”





“Off and on. I got a job as a dish washer but sometimes my bus wouldn’t show or it’d make me late, and I got fired over it. I had a job delivering meat off a truck; you just got paid straight cash for that—but not much. Finding jobs hasn’t been that hard, but having enough money to find a place to stay is really hard. I can’t save enough even for a cheap efficiency.”





“What about shelters?”





His face took on a grim expression and he looked down at his chili. “Not safe.” He began to eat.





Her mind mulled that information over. They ate in silence. She called the waitress over to refill their drinks and then she paid their bill and they left. When they pulled up into the driveway, Lucas got a chance to admire the outside of the house for the first time. It was simple but pretty. It looked like…Sophie.





As soon as they entered the house, he eyed his duffel bag that was still sitting on the kitchen floor but Sophie led him into the office instead of the kitchen. Music was still drifting from the room and the overhead light was on. She opened the blinds and turned off the light. She then tapped out something quickly on her laptop computer and the music stopped.





He wished she hadn’t stopped it. The music sounded like Sophie.





He looked around and took in all of the little details of the room. This is where she wrote. She had like a hundred books shoved into the large bookshelves. His eyes scanned the titles. He hadn’t read them all but knew a lot of them by title. She began pulling thin paper backs from one of the shelves; only one of the books could be considered big.





She went to her desk and grabbed an ink pin and scribbled something into each of them. He beamed when she handed them to him.





“Thank you, Sophie. You’re the first writer I’ve ever met.”





“Not a problem.” She said with a genuine smile. She led him out of the room and he turned to head for the kitchen and she turned towards a small closet and they almost collided.





“I’m going to make up the couch for you to sleep on.”





“I…”





She busied herself searching for blankets and pillows. “You need some rest and so do I. I can’t think about what to do about you until I sleep.”





He bit his split lip lightly. “I really appreciate everything, but you’ve done enough.” He meant that. He didn’t expect her to give him a place to stay.





Sophie turned to him. Robbed, assaulted, half-starved with no place to go; and he still retained his manners.





She took on a distant expression. “Nobody…can ever really do enough.” And she remembered the conversation that she’d had with her mother when she was just nine years old, a conversation that had never been far from her memory since.





“I don’t know Sophie, I just don’t know.” Her mother was driving as she spoke, her eyes either very focused on her task, or reflecting on the past—it was hard for Sophie to tell. “I just know that my first memory is of a penis spilling semen. I was just three or four years old; why would I remember something like that unless it had happened? So I can’t say if your grandfather ever molested me; I have no memory of it, but I know that he molested my older sister. Back in those days it was just…a part of life. I loved my Daddy; I didn’t think he was bad. And when the social workers came to take JoJo away, they were the bad ones.”





But how could her mother still continue to have a positive relationship with her Grandfather, now that she was older and understood how bad that was? Sophie was shaken at this revelation and she wasn’t sure how she was supposed to utilize this information. She was nine years old and her mother had just revealed that her childhood had been filled with abuse and incest.





Her and Mama went to Grandmama and Granddaddy’s house all of the time, spent every Christmas holiday there in a big family celebration, Aunt JoJo always came with her kids and her husband…and and, her mother had left her with Grandmama and Granddaddy alone; ALL OF THE TIME! Why would she do that if he was a molester?! But she didn’t ask that question, nor did her mother ask her the most obvious question that should have been asked under the circumstances. Sophie loved her Granddaddy. She was actually his favorite grandchild, just as Sophie’s mother had been his favorite child. Sophie was the only one that could go up to Granddaddy while he napped on the couch, and bite his cheek waiting for him to wake up and grin at her and sweep her up into his arms and lathe her face with kisses calling her Sugar Sugar. No, Granddaddy had never molested her; he was just a sweet man that she loved dearly…that she used to love dearly before Mama had told her that story.





She swept past Lucas with her armful of bedding and she made up the couch. After a moment Lucas followed and helped her. He tried to meet her eyes but this time it was she that avoided it. He took a deep breath.





“Sophie.”





When she finally looked at him, his one good eye looked at her straight on.





“Thank you.”





Chapter 3





Fear of bedbugs caused Sophie to place Lucas’ duffel bag into the basement so that she could get his clothes washed later. He was taking a shower; at her prodding. He really smelled bad.





Lucas hadn’t scrubbed his hair under a nice spray of water in weeks. Usually he did the best he could in the sink of a gas station. Other times he went to the YMCA but…those places weren’t safe for someone that looked like a soft little boy instead of a 22 year old man.





When he left the bathroom, he saw that Sophie’s bedroom door was closed. He headed for the living room and stretched out on the sofa. It was nice and big, even for someone as tall as him. Even though he’d napped at the hospital, the drugs had left him weary down to his very bones. He didn’t hurt much, not even his rectum, but the pain would return and when it did it would be huge.





Lucas threw his arm over his face, careful of his injured eye. He then pulled up the blanket to his chin and quietly cried. Lucas cried as much for the things that had happened to him the night before and even earlier-- as much as he cried for the kindness that had been shown to him by Sophie.





~***~





Lucas was more tired than he could ever remember. But when he awoke on Sophie’s couch, warm and with a full belly, he felt content for the first time in a long while. He could tell by the setting sun that it was late in the evening. He stood, feeling aches and pain slowly being reborn in his body. He took the time to strip the couch of the blankets and to fold them neatly even though she’d probably wash them.





He saw Sophie sitting quietly at the dining room table. She seemed lost in thought.





“Sophie?”





She didn’t budge; her eyes were distant and glazed. He hesitated, unsure. Then he moved to the bathroom taking his medicine with him. When he returned to the dining room Sophie offered him a broad smile. She had cleaned up nicely, wearing jeans, a button down blouse with her hair pulled back into a neat ponytail.





“Hi Lucas. Did you sleep well?”





“Yes, thank you.” He put a tentative hand on the chair that he had sat in earlier, examining the seat. She’d cleaned it.





“Lucas, I’d like to talk to you.”





Now he was nervous. “Okay.” He sat down in the chair. It didn’t hurt as bad to sit but it still wasn’t comfortable.





“How would you like to be my assistant?”





“Your…what?”





“Assistant. I could use some help. I need to finish this last book and,” she chuckled, “frankly, I’m easily distracted.”





He was at a total loss of what to say when he stuttered out his question. “What does an assistant do?”





“Take messages, help me around the house; dishes, garbage, maybe some dusting. And it would be a great help if you could do things like go to the store or make dinner. It’d only be until I finished this book; a few months.”





After a moment he nodded. “I can do that.” It’s what he’d done for his Granny and Pawpaw and they’d just referred to it as his ‘chores’.





“I can’t pay you much; despite the fact that I’m a writer—I’m not a successful one so I’m not rich. But I can offer you a place to sleep, food and maybe $150 a week so that you have some spending cash.”





He blushed and nodded. A place to stay would have been sufficient. Sophie had already done more for him than anyone else ever had; except for his grandparents. But he’d never have enough to strike out on his own if he turned down the cash. He met Sophie’s eyes.





“I’d like to be your assistant. I’ll help you any way I can.”





Sophie’s hands clapped together once, as if to say, ‘that’s settled’, then she came to her feet. “I have a basement, and you can make it your own personal space.” She led him through the kitchen, turning on the light. He could see the room for the first time. It was nice and big, kind of old fashioned but not in a bad way. Sophie had modern, stainless steel appliances but it was easy to see that it was the only upgrade she’d made. Her cabinets were white metal and the floor was linoleum. There were even formica counter tops.





She led Lucas to a closed door adjacent to the backdoor. She reached for the light switch and the stairwell illuminated.





“It’s a little dusty.” She said as she headed down the narrow stairs. “I haven’t swept them in a few weeks.” More like a few months but she wouldn’t admit to that. When they reached the bottom of the stairs Lucas saw that it opened up into a huge expanse that ran the span of the entire house. It was used as a storage space but it didn’t smell damp or moldy, it was warm and it was clean. To one side was a laundry area, the opposite end held a door that he thought must lead to a utility room and the furnace. Sophie headed to another door that opened up into a small bathroom and shower.





Lucas nodded his approval. It too was clean and warm.





Sophie gave him an apologetic look. “I know it’s a little cluttered-”





Lucas smiled. “I think it’s great.”





She looked around. “Well I figured we could move these boxes closer to the back and that will give you this entire half for yourself.”





“You just tell me where to move it, and I’ll take care of that,” he said.





She nodded and squinted at the clutter then she headed to a particularly crowded area.





“This is where I put my old mattress.” It was propped up against the wall with a blanket draped over it. She had gotten a better mattress when she bought her new bedroom set after signing her contract. She had intended on fixing up this lower level to create another bedroom with maybe even an ensuite bathroom, but her writing obligations took up more of her time then she would have ever thought possible. It wasn’t just the writing. Clarion sent her on book signings all over. She’d attended a black author’s convention and had once even attended a Black Family Reunion celebration where Clarion had set up a booth with several of their other popular writers. Doing that type of thing made her very nervous but once she got warmed up it was okay.





“You can put the bed back together. The rails are over there.” She pointed to the metal rails in another corner. And there is furniture. Feel free to…set it up as you like.” She shrugged.





“Sophie…I don’t know what to say.” His eyes felt like they were beginning to sting and he couldn’t believe that he was going to cry in front of her.





She had a sad look on her face as well. After a moment she led him to the washing machine and dryer. “Come on. I’ll show you how to work this thing so that you can wash your clothes.”





Chapter 4





The washing machine was running in the background and Lucas had just put together the bed. Despite the fact that he’d insisted on doing it himself, Sophie had still helped him move the boxes and clutter to one half of the room.





“The doctor told you not to lift anything heavy for a week,” she chided when he made to move a box of Christmas decorations that could not have weighed more than 15 pounds. “If you want to watch television you’ll have to come upstairs. This one is broken,” she said, pointing to an old fashioned floor model TV that was encased in wood. Lucas’ grandparents had one almost exactly like it. You pushed it around on wheels. Only the Incredible Hulk would ever be able to lift it.





Now she was upstairs preparing dinner. He had dusted off a dresser that used to be in her bedroom. The drawers still smelled faintly of her perfume. He placed his toothbrush and toothpaste there, his comb and brush, a small mirror, and some other items that he had taken with him from his grandparent’s house. Once his clothes came out of the dryer he folded them and placed them away neatly in the drawers.





He found an old office chair on wheels to sit down in. He needed to rest. In a few days he should be back to normal, but today had tired him out. He picked up the books that Sophie had written and examined the covers. The paperbacks had those covers that contained cheesy looking models in orchestrated embraces, but he couldn’t help but to smile when he saw her name printed boldly across the bottom of each book; Sophie Baxter. He put the books down and went upstairs to see if he could help with anything. The kitchen was empty but a pot of chili simmered on the stove. It smelled delicious and even though he’d eaten a huge lunch, his stomach still groaned.





He left the kitchen and headed for the small hall. Sophie was in her office talking on the phone. He stopped and made to turn, but she waved him forward.





“Look, Candace, I need to jump off the phone. Yeah, my assistant is here…Yes, I have an assistant now.” Sophia chuckled. “I’m sure you’ll talk to him soon enough. Yeah, he’ll be fielding messages for me. Lucas. Enough of that!”





Lucas felt his brow rise. Enough of what? He looked around the room, trying to be as unobtrusive as possible.





“Just be patient, you’ll get it in about a month. Thanks for calling.” She hung up and stood, stretching her tall thick form and then taking a moment to shake out her arms. “That was Candace,” she said to him. “She’s my agent.” She grimaced. “I don’t much care for talking to Candace…so that will definitely be one of your duties.”





“Oh sure. Um…can I ask why you don’t like talking to her?”





Sophia shrugged. “It’s probably not her fault. I suppose it’s an agent’s job to prepare your work for mainstream audiences. I guess I need to accept that if I want to be successful, then I’ll need to be a clone.”





Lucas did not understand what she was talking about.





“Sorry, the reason that I don’t much care for Candace is that she converts my strong, black, female characters into Bella Swans and I’m not trying to write an African American version of Twilight.”





He nodded in sudden understanding. “Sure, Sophie, anything you need. I’ll be glad to field her calls.”





“Cool.” She turned to the laptop. Her desktop was visible. “I want you to use this laptop. I’m going to pull out my desktop computer.” His brow went up in confusion. “I’m going to need you to gather my messages from email, and my blogs. I don’t have a huge following but I do like to keep up. I try to get to the blog once a week and my emails daily.” She gave him instructions on compiling the messages into a list for her in date order and separated by accounts. The printed information would go into the inbox which she would soon create to be placed on her desk.





She set him up as a moderator and got him various passwords which she placed on his Guest Account desktop. He then helped her set up the old desktop computer even though he wasn’t very technical minded. His grandparents had no use for the internet and he only used it while in school. But he knew enough to get along.





They had dinner late in the evening and spent a long time talking; mostly about things that Lucas would need to know about being her assistant; not to disturb her while she was writing unless it was very important, and how to keep everything running smoothly for her.





“What do you like to eat, Sophie?”





“Everything. I’m a foodie.”





He smiled and she thought that he looked even younger than she had originally thought. How would anyone possibly know that this kid was an adult? And how could a person that had been through the things that he had still be able to smile like that…





“What don’t you like to eat, then?”





She focused, trying not to let her thoughts drift away. “That’s a good question.” And she explained about being lactose intolerant and her food allergy to walnuts. She could absolutely live without ever eating squash or pumpkin. But other than that she was pretty open minded on the subject of food. “Uh…you do know how to cook, right?”





He nodded enthusiastically. He loved to cook. “It’s one of my favorite things to do. For the last few years I cooked for Pawpaw,” his expression dropped slightly.





“You miss him,” she said.





“Both of them,” Lucas sighed and stood. He gathered the dishes and carried them to the kitchen.





“Sophie do you want anything; coffee, more iced tea?”





“No.” She called out to him. “I think I’m going to write for a while.” She headed for her office. “And tomorrow we’ll need to go grocery shopping and look into getting your driver’s license replaced.” But that turned out not to be necessary because the next day they were contacted by the police who informed Lucas that they had located his wallet and that they had two suspects in custody.





Chapter 5





Sophie didn’t know what to make of Lucas’ mood as they walked into the police station. She’d seen him fearful, she’d seen him shy, but she’d never seen him angry. But when he walked alongside of her as they were led to a waiting area, anger seemed to radiate from the tall quiet young man next to her.





He had dressed in jeans and a dark hoodie. It had rained so he had kept the hood up and between this and his long black hair, his face was mostly obscured. But she could see by the slash of his pursed lips and his tense posture that he was very angry though he didn’t say it.





They passed him his wallet and driver’s license separately. The wallet was empty but he went through each compartment using angry movements. He placed the license into its proper position and slipped the leather into his back pocket. He was asked to sign that he had received the items.





“Was there anything missing?” Sophie asked him.





“Social Security and library cards, ATM, pictures…” He shrugged. She turned to the detective that had just collected the signed document. “What about the missing items?”





“Unfortunately, they are probably trashed. We found this in a box of stolen objects in one of the suspect’s home. It looks like they have been targeting vagrant individuals for a long time. We caught a break when you reported it yesterday, and were able to collect your DNA. Unfortunately, it wasn’t in time to prevent the sexual assault of another victim; a teenage runaway. They seem to prefer young boys; and they probably thought that you were one.”





Lucas was staring at some object, not appearing to have even heard what the officer was saying.





“I’ll take you back.” He was led out of the waiting area and down a long corridor. “Just remember, they will not be able to see you or hear you at all. The suspects will line up beneath numbers and if you identify them you just tell me the numbers, okay?”





Lucas nodded once, his expression cold.





The officer opened the door and led them into a room that had two other officers; one uniformed the other wearing jeans and a t-shirt but with a badge clipped to his belt buckle.





One of the officers thanked Lucas for coming down but he barely acknowledged them. He just stared through the large glass at the empty, adjoining room. And then a door opened and the men were ushered inside.





Sophie saw Lucas stiffen suddenly but he didn’t make a sound and his expression didn’t change. She wanted to reach out and take his hand but didn’t want to invade his personal space.





The first detective turned to him. “Do any look familiar?”





“Two and five.” Lucas said without hesitation. We got your cherry…





The plain clothed detective pressed a button on an intercom. “Two step forward.” He had him turn to the left and then to the right. He did the same for five. Sophie watched these two animals; these two rapist of children and she wanted to break through the glass and strangle them, to rip their sex organs from their bodies! They were animals! Then she matched Lucas’ rage. She could barely breathe because of it.





“Are those the attackers?” The detective asked him.





“Yes.” We got your cherry, boy. We got your cherry!





“And you’re sure?” Lucas turned to him and looked him dead in the eye. “I have no doubt. Those were the men that assaulted me.” He was trembling now. “Are we done here?”





The officer’s looked at each other. One shrugged. “Yes. You can go. We’ll contact you if we-” But Lucas was already walking out of the room. Sophie followed him silently. When they got outside Lucas was gulping down big breaths of air.





“Do…do you need some time alone, Lucas?”





He nodded. “Thank you, Sophie. I do.” She watched him take a few steps down the street, ignoring the drizzling rain. But after that he turned around and returned to her. He gave her a guarded look. “We can leave. I don’t want to be here.”





She nodded and they climbed into the car. She didn’t drive back to the house, but to a coffee shop. He followed her inside wordlessly. At the counter she gave her order and looked at Lucas who said simply, “I’ll have the same.”





They sat in the corner of the comfortable, yet trendy café. There were actual armchairs here, with cozy seating areas instead of booths and tables. It reminded her of the bookstore and she used to like coming here to read back when she had time to do such things. A Nora Jones tune was playing softly and the place wasn’t overly crowded; all things she hoped would have a calming effect on the young man.





Lucas’ drink sat untouched on the table that separated their chairs; the one that was intended to mimic a side table. Sophie sipped at her frothy, hot liquid trying to think of what she could possibly say.





“What are you thinking?” She finally asked. What a stupid question! She leaned forward. “What happened to you doesn’t make you any less of a man. You don’t think that, do you?”





“I don’t think that.” He looked at her, but mostly because he felt like he had to. She was trying so hard and he didn’t want to be ungrateful. But he felt like he had just lost so much and it bothered him to have lost everything. He didn’t know how to explain that without her coming back with more ways to help him.





“Lucas…are you gay?”





He shrugged, not surprised at the question. “I don’t know.” He met her eyes so that she wouldn’t think that he was being flippant. But it was the truth; he didn’t know what he was. “I guess I’m bi. I don’t think I have a preference.” When Sophie didn’t answer, he straightened in his seat. “I only thought about girls when I was growing up. But when I went out on my own I felt something for some men.” He swept off his hood and suddenly looked like one of those Emo kids that she saw everywhere.





“As far as sex…I’ve only been with men; two men. But falling in love…I think I could fall in love with either.”





She nodded in understanding.





He suddenly looked at her earnestly. “I’ve been careful, always used protection. But what if…” His teeth clenched. “…what if they made me HIV positive?” He suddenly sank his head into his hands. “How did this happen to me!” Sophie saw tears splash the table. “Everything was just normal…and then it all went to shit and it won’t stop.”





Sophie reached out and gripped the hand that was buried in his hair. He looked up at her in anguish. “It would be my fucking luck to die of some fucking disease that I protected myself from!” Sophie placed her drink on the cocktail table between their chairs and she leaned forward and pulled him into her arms. He didn’t resist and finally broke down in sobs.





Some looked on and then averted their gaze. Sophie held him and soothed him with calming words. “It’s going to be alright. Nobody’s going to hurt you and it’s going to be alright.”





“You heard that guy; they’ve been doing this to vagrants…” He murmured. “They’ve not been protecting themselves…”





She stroked his hair and rocked him. There wasn’t much she could do but to soothe his tears. What he said was true; the odds did not seem to in his favor.





Chapter 6





Lucas was quiet for the remainder of the evening and the next day. He was still helpful; retrieving Sophie’s messages, getting her mail, making the meals and cleaning the dishes. But he retreated to the basement to agonize as he waited for the results of the blood test.





On the third day Sophie came running down the stairs scaring Lucas who thought she’d lost her footing and was tumbling down the dangerously slanted stairs. He jumped up off the bed and met her at the bottom but then he saw that she was holding the phone tightly in her grip.





“It’s the hospital; they want to speak to you!”





He searched her eyes for any indication of what to expect. But she seemed just as lost as he was. He nervously took the phone from her hand.





“Hello?”





“Hello, this is Dr. Daata’s office. Is this Lucas Reider?”





“Yes.”





“Mr. Reider we were just calling to tell you that your test results were negative. Your paperwork will come to you by mail.”





Sophie was watching him expectantly and he stared at her as he spoke. “I’m not HIV positive?”





“You’re negative. And you are negative for any STD’s.”





“Thank you god!” He screamed. Then into the phone he lowered his voice. “Thank you Ma’ame!” She seemed pleased to have given him the good news and her voice had the hint of a smile.





“My pleasure, Mr. Reider.” Lucas disconnected and grabbed Sophie lifting her from her feet and swinging her around in a bear hug. She had no choice but to grip him and to hold on for dear life.





“Lucas! You’re not supposed to be lifting any heavy objects!”





He set her down lightly on her feet as if lifting her had been no effort at all. “Sophie! I’m clean.”





She touched his face. “Baby boy, you were never dirty,” she said it with so much conviction that he believed her.





Instead of the dinner that he had planned to cook, Sophie insisted on going out to celebrate. She took them to a steak place that served ribs and chops as well. She told him to order whatever he wanted so that they could take home leftovers.





Lucas laughed almost giddily and together they had appetizers consisting of fried mushrooms, chicken wings, cheese fries and for their entrée Sophie had the rib and chicken combination while Lucas polished off a large porterhouse with all of the trimmings.





As Sophie leaned back in her chair rubbing her swollen belly and fearing that she would cause the chair to collapse, Lucas was chewing the last dinner roll that remained in the basket.





“We don’t have any leftovers.”





“We could order desert and take it home,” he responded.





“Ugh…are you trying to make me vomit?” He chuckled. “Order desert if you want, but I can’t eat another bite.”





“No, I’m good.” He waved the waitress over for the check. “Let’s get back to the house. You have some writing to do and I want to start reading a certain writer friend’s novel.”





Sophie grimaced. “Be kind when you read them, and read The Story of Me first. That’s the first one I wrote, and it’s more true to what I was trying to say.”





“Will do.”





They drove home, talking animatedly about all things from reality TV, to music and of course her favorite topic; food.





Back at the house, Sophie went to her office and turned on music. She seemed to immediately become engrossed in writing. Lucas checked for messages; none, then he headed downstairs and picked up the thickest novel; The Story of Me.





He propped his pillows up against the head board and opened the book.





~***~





Lucas was sitting at the dining room table, sipping a mug of pomegranate tea and reading. It was Sophie’s favorite tea and though he’d only ever drank Lipton’s, this was now his favorite too. He paused and placed the book face down on the table, and then he stared out across the dining room, not quite looking at anything.





He’d been reading the book for the last three days picking it up whenever he wasn’t helping Sophie and now he was near the end. He didn’t want the book to end. He was pretty sure that The Story of Me was actually the story of Sophie. It was pretty magnificent; it was the only way that he could describe it.





In the story, the main character was named Mouse; because she was so quiet it is what everyone called her. She was visually impaired, she had asthma that kept her in and out of hospitals as a kid and she’d been molested by her grandfather. Her mother didn’t understand ‘boundaries’ and treated her like a friend instead of a child. But when Mouse grew up she got really strong. She met and fell in love with a man, and that’s where the interracial part of the story came in. He was Italian and huge like a bear and not pretty to look at but he saw her beyond her thick glasses and her lack of emotion. Mouse opened up to Vincent but she just found out that she was pregnant and he asked her to have an abortion and she did.





That’s where Lucas had put down the book. “Damn Vincent, why did you do that?” He muttered while standing up and carrying his tea into the kitchen. He went into the office to check on Sophie. She hadn’t left the room except to go to the restroom and it was already mid-day.





“Do you need anything, Sophie?”





She didn’t hear him even though he was only about five feet from her. He didn’t interrupt her when she was concentrating so deeply. He checked her mug and found that it was mostly empty so he carried it out to the kitchen to make her some fresh tea. He made her a roast beef sandwich for lunch, with a thick slice of white onion and mustard and cheese, and then he carried it all to her on a tray along with a bottled water and some chocolate chip cookies that he had made the night before.





She gave him a quick smile when he set it down on the desk. “Thanks, Lucas.” She reached for the water and untwisted the cap, taking a long swig. “How is the book coming?”





“Almost finished. I’m to the part where Vincent didn’t show up to take Mouse to the abortion clinic.” He studied her eyes for any reaction. She just nodded with an Ahh.





“It’s really a good story, Sophie.” He resisted the urge to ask her if it was true. When he gathered her blog messages, others asked but she never actually said no, only that it was a work of fiction.





She was in a talkative mood and he settled into the old reclining chair in the corner while she told him about the research she was doing for her current story.





“It’s been so long since I’ve been in college I can barely remember this stuff.” She was doing research on curriculum, the length of semesters, school breaks etc.





“I can do your research. I wouldn’t mind.”





She thought about that. “Yeah. That would be helpful.”





“Just tell me what you want me to research…or you can IM me if I’m downstairs. I keep the laptop open.”





She smiled. “You are so invaluable, Lucas. You have no idea.” He’d been with her for nearly two weeks and he did everything. She even let him take the car to run errands and to get groceries. She had given him two hundred dollars as pay but he had given her back fifty saying that she gave him everything he needed and that one hundred fifty was plenty. She knew he deserved more but he refused to take it.





She noticed that Lucas moved comfortably around the house, and did things for her before she even had to ask. Sometimes she’d think that it would be nice to have a cup of tea and he would be there with a steaming mug as if anticipating this. Of course, she drank hot tea a lot, so it was probably no stretch to know that she wanted it, but she appreciated him doing that without her having to ask.





Chapter 7





Lucas closed the book for the final time. He was sitting out in the back yard in an Adirondack chair that he’d found in the shed when he went searching for the garden tools to get rid of the weeds by the crumbling cement wall.





He wiped his eyes, not surprised that they were wet. It’s why he came outside to finish the book; the ending was causing him to become too emotional to read inside. Vincent died. And Mouse didn’t have their baby or her man.





But then Vincent’s mother contacted her and apologized for her part in the two not getting together. The old lady said, ‘My son died alone because I was too stupid to let him love the girl that he wanted. He told me about the baby; I lost my son and my grandchild.’ And when the old lady cried and Mouse didn’t, Lucas had cried for her because Mouse had lost her ability to cry again.





Years later Mouse tried to make love to a man but couldn’t. She couldn’t let anyone else hurt her. She’d lost everything that Vincent had taught her. But Sophie had written it so that her new love was determined and that he might do for her what Vincent was not man enough to do; fight for her love.





It was sad, but very good. With a sigh, he returned the chair to the shed, making sure it was locked tight. He surveyed the yard and noted that some of the flowers were poking through the soil in the flower bed. Sophie would be happy to know about that.





He frowned. Was Sophie happy? She didn’t have a boyfriend, had never been married, had no kids and if she had family they never called or emailed her; at least not in the nearly three weeks that he’d been with her. He went into the house and checked on her.





~***~





Lucas’ breath was coming out in shallow pants as he read. His penis was very hard in his pants and he tried to ignore it but knew that he wouldn’t be able to for long. He didn’t think Sophie would appreciate the fact that he was getting a hard-on from reading her erotic stories, or masturbating almost nightly because of it. He shouldn’t but when he lay in bed at night, his mind kept picturing the characters and he would replay each sex scene until his hands reached beneath the covers and he was stroking himself. Sometimes his climax would be so intense that he’d accidentally slip and moan Sophie’s name out loud.





He didn’t dare make a sound when he was in the basement. She was just right overhead and if he could hear everything she did, she could hear everything he did—well accept for the fact that she zoned out completely. Still, if she ever heard him masturbating it would kill him.





He heard a brief knock on the basement door and it opened and Sophie came downstairs. Lucas panicked; he was reading an erotic novel and his dick was rock hard. Quickly, he tossed the book to the floor on the far side of the bed and then Lucas hastily picked up the laptop and placed it on his lap. He peeked up just as Sophie hit the landing.





“Hey Lucas. I need a break, want to go out and get some ice cream? It’s so pretty out I can’t stand the thought of sitting in that room one more minute.”





“Uh…yeah. That sounds great.” Sweat began to bead on his brow as she stood there waiting for him to get off the bed. His dick was too hard for him to stand up, and even if it wasn’t, it had wept so much that he probably had wet spots. “Let me just close down some of these programs and I’ll meet you upstairs.”





“Sure.” She smiled and headed up the stairs.





Lucas let out a tight breath. When the basement door closed behind her, he jumped out of bed and stripped out of his jeans and his pre-cum dotted boxers. He dug through his drawer for fresh underwear and jeans and just in the event that Sophie decided to add his laundry in with hers, he tossed them into the washing machine along with his other dirty clothes. He quickly started it running and then he found the book and put it on the table where it joined the other Sophie Baxter books. By now his dick was only half hard and that was okay. It was always half hard these days.





They decided to walk and headed out the back. It was so warm that they went without jackets. Sophie was dressed in jeans and a pretty yellow polo shirt with clean white Keds on her feet. Lucas noted that she had fixed her ponytail and had brushed back the stray grey streaks that surrounded her temples. She didn’t have any lines on her face and if not for the grey would probably look a lot younger.





He took her arm to steady her when they stepped over the cement wall and Sophie gave him an appreciative smile.





“Wow, you did a great job of weeding this. Now if I can just get the city to fix this ugly wall.”





“So why is it there?” he asked. “It’s not going to keep any cars from going into your yard. And you’re right, it is ugly.”





“I guess it’s to show where my property ends and theirs begin.”





“You ever think about putting up a fence; like a privacy fence? And then you can pull out your outdoor furniture and make this a real pretty to write.” He pointed to the corner. “You could put a pond there, surrounded by a garden of wild flowers.”





“Lucas, that sounds amazing! But I just don’t seem to have time for any of that.” She squinted at him and pushed her glasses up. “But it would be so nice to have a gazebo to work out of and be able to leave my barbecue grill out without worrying that someone will walk away with it.”





“Sophie, I did stuff like that with my grandfather all of the time. He did yard work for extra money and I helped him.” He looked around at the nice sized yard. “This could be done in about…two weekends.”





“You can do that? Even the fence?”





He nodded. Her eyes scanned his slight form. He was wearing a black t-shirt and he was very skinny but she could see the wiry muscles in his pale arms. Well…maybe he could.





“You’re too busy with other stuff to worry about that.” She said with a shake of her head. “I’ll worry about that next year, maybe.” They reached the convenient mart that served ice cream cones and made floats and ice cream boats. Sophie selected one scoop of chocolate chip. Lucas wanted a huge banana split with cherry cordial, chocolate, and strawberry ice cream. He topped it with pineapples, caramel, hot fudge, nuts, extra whipped cream and three cherries instead of one.





Sophie died laughing when the woman set the huge monstrosity in front of him. Lucas pulled out his wallet, ignoring Sophie as she reached inside her purse. He smiled smugly to himself. It felt good to pay for her treat. They decided to head for a nearby park to finish the ice cream, but by the time they got there Sophie’s was all gone.





They sat down at a table beneath a shade tree.





“Why’d you only get one scoop?” he asked as he spooned delicious confections into his mouth.





She eyed his ice cream. “Because while I love ice cream—it don’t love me.” He noted the way that she was looking at his half finished banana boat. And he groaned in pleasure as he spooned more into his mouth. He rolled his eyes to the top of his head.





“This is so good. You want a taste?”





She looked like she would say no, but he pushed it in her direction.





“Okay, just a little taste.” She spooned some into her mouth and sighed in pleasure. “That’s good. I haven’t had one of these in ages.”





“We should pull out the grill and make some dogs for dinner,” he said.





“Oooh and some ribs.”





“I don’t know how to grill ribs,” he said while spooning more ice cream into his mouth. He pushed it to her and she absently scooped up a big strawberry that was swimming in half melted ice cream and fudge. And of course she had to spoon up the best part which was where it all began to melt into a delicious goo. She passed it back to him and he dug into the whipped cream coated banana.





“I’m going to show you how to make some down home, slow smoked, barbecue spare ribs.”





“Mmm,” he licked his lips. Sophie averted her eyes and then after a moment said that there was a meat market a few blocks over and they finished up the ice cream and decided to walk over to it.





Lucas had never had spare ribs before, only baby backs and Sophie selected the biggest set of ribs that he’d ever set eyes on. She got six long hot dogs that had natural casing. He didn’t know what that meant, but Sophie said that they’d snap when he bit into them and promised that he’d love them. She got hot dog rolls instead of buns, a bag of charcoal because she wasn’t sure if she had enough back at the house, two cans of beans, and barbecue sauce.





Lucas was becoming nervous when he saw all of the things that they’d have to carry back and he offered to run back home to get the car but she scoffed. “Come on; don’t tell me that you’re intimidated by a few packages.”





He took the challenge and tossed the charcoal over one shoulder, and carried the heavier bag containing the cans of beans and the sauce. Sophie carried the meat in one bag and the buns in the other.





She squinted at him. “You okay with that? I can take the bag-”





“I know I’m skinny, but I’m not weak.” He laughed.





“Okay okay.” They headed back to the house and half way there Sophie grimaced and gripped her side.





“Are you okay?” Lucas asked.





“Ugh…stomach. Too much ice cream.”





“Do you want to stop for a minute?”





“No. I need to get home.” Her face was twisted in discomfort. And he remembered her saying that she was lactose intolerant. They walked quicker and then she looked like she was sweating. He reached for the bag of meat so that she was only holding the bread.





“Give me the bag.” She gave it to him wordlessly, her face now twisted in real pain.





“Fuck…” She gasped.





He was surprised. He’d never heard her curse before. Then she suddenly stopped walking and bent over and placed her hand on her knee. Lucas cut his eyes from her to the house that was now visible. Just about five more minutes…





A stream of saliva came out of her mouth. “I’m going to dump,” she muttered.





“What?”





And then ice cream and breakfast came gushing out of her mouth. She couldn’t believe that she was vomiting right there on the sidewalk where people could see! Lucas dropped the bag and put his hand on her shoulder and leaned over with her. She gulped in a breath and another gush of vomit came out of her mouth.





“Sophie.” His voice was shaking but she straightened and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.





“I’m okay now.” She looked at him with watery eyes but a half smile on her face. “I’m sorry about that.” Then she looked around quickly. “Come on, let’s get out of here!” She dashed toward the house and Lucas quickly scooped up the packages and darted after her. She reached the back of the house first and breathlessly unlocked it. She dropped the bread onto the floor and he saw her dash for the bathroom. She was in there a long time, long enough for him to put away the food and pull out the grill.





She came out back with an embarrassed grin on her face.





He placed the two Adirondack chairs that he had been carrying down by the back stairs. “Better?” He gave her a concerned look.





“Yeah.”





“Are you sure? We can grill tomorrow.”





She came down the steps. “Yeah, I’m sure. Once the dairy is out of my body I’m good as new.” She cleared her throat and scratched her neck, still embarrassed.





“What is…dumping?”





She grimaced. “Oh, that. It won’t digest.” She shrugged. “It has to come out, either from the top or the bottom.” She chuckled mildly.





“I’m sorry. I had no idea.”





She frowned at him. “Why are you sorry? I’m the one that ate double what I should have.”





“If I had known it would hurt you like that I’d have never offered it to you.”





She shrugged again and lifted the charcoal. “That’s probably the worse attack I’ve ever had. I won’t be drinking milk for a while.” Lucas took the bag of charcoal from her hands.





“How much do you want me to pour?” She instructed him to pour half the bag into the smaller side.





“We’re going to smoke it. You’re going to love it.”





“I know I will.”





While Lucas got the fire going, Sophie prepared the meat for the grill. He came inside and washed his hands at the kitchen sink and watched her prepare the baked beans and boil the potatoes and eggs for potato salad.





He grinned. “I don’t know if I’ll be able to wait for dinner.”





While the food cooked they sat out back and dragged the radio with them. It was nice. Sophie admitted that it would be nicer if it was fixed up.





“We should go to Home Depot sometime soon. Then you can show me what kind of fence you want.”





She gave him a surprised look. He really wanted to do this. Yeah, he was probably getting bored with waiting on her hand and foot. Well if he did it, she would pay him for it.





“You decide.” She said. Lucas smiled.





By the time dinner was ready, it was full dark. They’d already started on the dogs because Lucas couldn’t wait. He ate four of them along with baked beans. He promised to save room for the ribs so waited patiently for them.





Sophie watched him inhale rib after rib. He had sauce smeared all over his face. Damn that boy could eat! He gave her an appreciative look.





“This is the best barbecue I’ve ever had!” Sophie smiled in pleasure. She had thawed out greens and they had that along with more baked beans and the potato salad that Lucas had helped her to prepare.





After dinner, she finally dragged herself back into her office. The deadline was tomorrow and she had had about two or three more pages to write. She could do it if she focused. The story was rolling out of her. The white man was really white and the black girl was proud to be black. Candace would like this. She listened to Lucas finishing up the dishes and put away the leftovers and she smiled comfortably. It was nice to have someone else in the house. Sophie happily tapped out the last few pages of Chapter 3 of her submission.

A while later the slush had gotten both Sara and Eric feeling mellow. Some drunken guy was in the middle of the floor dancing and they were both trying not to laugh at him. He was doing some karate moves that made him look like an Elvis Presley impersonator, and they weren't the only ones trying not to laugh.





The guy got down on one knee and rotated his pelvis suggestively. Sara covered her mouth and giggled.





Bryan came from the kitchen and stopped when he spotted them on the sofa. He looked behind him into the kitchen and frowned a little. Then he put on a smile and went to them.





"Hey." He said loudly. "See I told you you'd have fun," he said to Sara.





"I knew I'd have fun, Bryan. I didn't doubt it for a second."





Bryan sat on the arm of the sofa next to his friend. He leaned down quickly and whispered.





"Karen and Rachel are here."





Sara felt Eric tense at whatever Bryan whispered to him. She looked at them both curiously, but Bryan had turned his attention to the dance floor and was hooting loudly at the dancer. Eric flashed her a brief grin, but she knew something was different.





Bryan wandered away and another of Eric's friends took his place.





"Hey, Man. I didn't know you were here."





"Hey, Mike. What’s up, Man?"





"Been upstairs most of the night. How long you been here?"





"Not long." Eric turned to Sara. "Mike, this is my Girlfriend, Sara." She watched Mike closely to see if he would lo





Ok surprised that the All-American jock was dating a black girl; and not just a black girl but the black girl that had skin the color of polished mahogany. If he cared, he sure didn't show it.





He held out his hand to her. "Ah. You got a good guy, Sara."





She smiled and again began to relax. "I know. Nice to meet you."





Mike turned back to Eric. "Come upstairs. That’s where the real party is." Mike left.





Eric explained. "There are three floors to this house; the living room, a bathroom, kitchen and bedroom are down on this floor. Upstairs is another TV room, more bedrooms and a deck. And the third floor has another patio and the last bedroom. Pretty nice layout."





"Oh, I’d love to see it."





"Okay." He took her hand and they stood up. They walked through the kitchen that held one of the many stairwell





She thought it was real clean and pretty. It surely didn't look like some male love shack, which is what she had pictured when she thought of a group of college guys all living under one roof.





Upstairs the mood was a little different than it had been downstairs. Sara smelled the acrid scent of marijuana. There were candles lit and the lights were dimmed. The music was more retro and mellow. Some girls were dancing with each other, not like lesbians, but as friends. But their dancing was still very sensual and provocative.





Eric looked at them a moment and then turned to the French doors that led outside. "Come on. I'll show you the view from out here."





Sara caught her breath as she looked out at the skyline. The view was magnificent!





"Oh my, god. It feels like we're sitting on top of the world." Her eyes were large and glassy with pleasure.





Eric watched her silently. His hand moved around her waist and kissed her lips gently.





"Did I tell you today that I love you?"





She looked at him. "This morning I think we told each other...repeatedly."





"Sara, being with you like this..." All he could do was smile.





She stared into his blue eyes, never imagining that there would be a time when she’d look at a man so different than her in this way. "I'm happy I came, too, baby." She silently promised herself that she would never again allow the ignorance of others to interfere with what she had with Eric.





The patio door opened. "Eric?"





They turned to see the beautiful red haired girl that had been doing the sensual dance just a moment ago.





Eric straightened, from where he was leaning forward to kiss Sara again.





"Hey. What’s going on?" To Sara, his voice sounded a little unsure.





She studied the pretty girl. She was tall, but not as tall as Sara. She had on tight fitting jeans that belled out at her knees and scraped the floor. Her long sleeve sweater stopped short at her midriff and Sara could see flashes of her pierced belly. Sara examined her face which was pale and beautiful. Her lips were full and her eyes were slanted enough to appear Asian even though they were a vibrant green. Her wild red hair ran long down her back and was like a massive beautiful mane.





"I haven't seen you around." The girl smiled. She looked at Sara still smiling. Hi." She offered her hand. "My names Karen." Sara wondered what she would see when she looked at her; a tall, curvy, dark skinned black girl with hair cut short and tapered down her neck wearing a dress that was too fancy for this college party.





Sara accepted the hand. "Hi Karen. I'm Sara."





Karen's eyes quickly darted over Sara. "Man. I love that dress."





"Well, thanks. I like your belly ring."





Karen suddenly flashed her pierced tongue, allowing her upper teeth to catch it. "Matched set." Her attention shifted back to Eric.





"So, Eric, where you been hiding out, you old hermit?"





Eric tightened his grip around Sara's waist. "With my Girlfriend."





Karen looked at Sara again, still smiling. "Oh." She smoothed a stray bit of hair behind her ear. "Well you guys should come to the St Ann's festival this weekend. I'm working the beer booth and I'll hook you guys up."





"You're working the booth?" Sara hid a grimace that he repeated the simple statement.





"Yeah, you know how that goes; work for about two hours and then you get free beer." Karen looked down at the cell phone attached to her waist. "Well, I'm being summoned." She headed back to the set of French doors. "It was nice meeting you Sara. And Eric, don't be a stranger." She disappeared while speaking into her phone.





"So...is that your ex-girlfriend, or something?”





Eric's mouth opened in surprise. "Why do you ask that?"





Sara shook her head. "Woman vibes."





"Oh. No. She wasn't my girlfriend."





"A lover?"





Eric hesitated. "Not quite." His face began to turn a little red. "We fooled around-"





"Fooled around or had sex?"





Eric tried to laugh. "Man, I feel like I'm being interrogated."





Sara walked back to the French doors. "It’s cold out here. Let’s go back inside." She waited for Eric to follow her then led the way back into the house.





END CHAPTER 3





Sophie laughed. She stood up and threw her hands into the air. She was finished and it was good and she had made her deadline with time to spare! “Yeah!”





Lucas poked his head into the room. “What?”





She turned and smiled at him. “I’m finished.”





His brow went up. “Three chapters and the synopsis?”





She laughed and jumped up and down and grabbed him in a big hug. “Yep.”





“You act as if you doubted yourself. I had complete faith that you’d do it.”





She released him but his hands lingered on her hips. “You did, huh?”





“Yes; especially with me plying you with cups of hot tea and high carb foods.”





“Oh so that was your game plan?”





He grinned and allowed his hands to fall from her hips. “We should celebrate tomorrow.”





“Yeah? Doing what?”





“Dinner and a movie?”





“That sounds like a freaking date.” She laughed. He didn’t. “That’s cool. You pick the movie.”





“No, you pick it.”





She squinted. “Are there any movies with black casts currently playing?”





“I’ll check,” he moved to the computer.





“Lucas?” He turned to her. “Would you like to read it?”





“Really?”





“Yes.”





“Hell yeah!” She smiled at his enthusiasm.





“Only if you give me your honest opinion, okay?”





He paused. “Sophie, I know you wouldn’t ask me to critique you if you didn’t want my true opinion. I’ll be honest.”





“Get up,” she shooed him from her seat. “I’m going to email it to you. You read it tonight and I’ll email it to Candace tomorrow--if it meets your approval, that is.”





He blushed. “Okay.” He hurried downstairs to open his email on the laptop. It was midnight before he finished, and he could hear Sophie walking around upstairs; something he wasn’t used to. He got up from the bed and went upstairs.





She was in the kitchen, looking as if she was prepared to come downstairs. He had a serious expression on his face.





“Did it suck?” She asked with a nervous chuckle





“It was amazing.”





A relieved breath gushed from her chest. “Okay.”





“I almost wished I wouldn’t have read the synopsis to see how it would end. I don’t know how you write the characters so clearly. I felt like I was there with them. And then the way Eric fought so hard to make Sara understand that they could be together, only to discover that he still had feelings for Karen. It’s so…real. How do you do that?”





She smiled and shrugged. “Imagination I guess.”





She opened the fridge for bottled water.





He continued softer. “And The Story of Me, was that really your story?”





Her eyes flicked to his. “You’ve answered that question on the blog for me ten times already. It’s just fiction.” She handed him a water and he twisted off the top slowly.





“I know its fiction. But even fiction is based on some fact.”





She went to the living room and cut on the light, sinking down onto the couch. “I do pull from personal experience. Some of the characters have my traits.” Lucas sat down on the other end of the couch, but turned his body to face her.





“Mouse was very…” Lucas searched for the right word, “lonely. If I met a girl like Mouse, I’d be sure to let her know that she shouldn’t be afraid to let people in. Most people just want to be happy. They aren’t out looking for ways to hurt each other.”





Sophie watched him steadily. “You’ll meet someone some day, fall in love and they won’t be anything like Mouse. They won’t be hurt and need someone to show them how to open up.”





“Then I wouldn’t want to fall in love with them.”





Sophie’s eyes flitted away.





“How much of that story is true, Sophie?”





She shook her head and sighed. She thought about Lucas’ open honesty with her. She considered her words carefully before speaking. “I was never molested, and my mother was never a nutcase like Cherry Ann but my mom did die of cancer.”





“And what about Vincent?”





“That was based on some fact. There was a Vincent and he did die, and his mother died about two or three days after she talked to me and my mother died about six months later.”She gave him a defiant look. “And I did have an abortion. But in the real story,” she glanced at him, “the real story about me, there was no man after. But I had to write an end to the book, so…”





“In the real world, there actually is no end.” Lucas thought, because your story continues for as long as you live.





“There isn’t a beginning either. I mean, if you think of it from the perspective of a book; the beginning is just whatever point you want the book to begin. Books these days don’t begin with, ‘I was born and then I died.’”





“Were you intending to write a book about the events of your life?”





“I’m not Mouse, Lucas.” She sighed in sudden annoyance. He just nodded. She stood up and headed to the bathroom. “Goodnight, I’m off to bed.”





“Goodnight, Sophie.”





The next day Sophie emailed her submission to her agent and then they went to the movies. There was nothing more said about the conversation of the previous night and Sophie was happy.





There was only one movie currently playing that had a black cast but it was a Tyler Perry movie and Sophie said that it was a tearjerker and they needed something upbeat. They found a comedy in which they laughed loud and obnoxiously. Then they got pizza from a local gourmet pizza shop and Lucas warned her about the cheese and lactose intolerance so she only had two slices. He put the rest in the car for leftovers and then they walked across the courtyard to Barnes & Noble’s bookstore.





Now they were both in their element and Lucas found two books that he had wanted to read when he was living with his grandparents; The Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka, and The Life of Pi by Yann Martel. Sophie searched for her books and then grinned widely when she found them. She ushered Lucas over and he proudly picked one up, opened the pages allowing it to fan out. He leaned forward and inhaled the fresh print.





Sophie’s eyes widened. She thought that she was the only one that sniffed books!





He looked at her. “I’m proud of you, Sophie.”





The smile slowly melted from her face as she watched him. They continued to watch each other unable to move their eyes from the other. Sophie felt her heart beating faster as she stared into Lucas’ beautiful baby blue eyes. His bruises had fully disappeared and he had only a small lump under one eye as a reminder of that shiner. Now that his face was no longer swollen, much of the baby look had disappeared. He still looked younger than his age, but at least he didn’t look like an elementary schooler. And the fact that he had begun trying to grow facial hair helped. He asked if she would mind before he attempted it, and curiosity caused her to give her consent.





Unfortunately, it didn’t fill in and he eventually had to shave it off, leaving only some chin hair and longish sideburns. She liked it, but it did take some getting used to.





He’d also put on some pounds, he wasn’t boney as much as he was now just lanky. Once he’d come upstairs in the middle of the night wearing a wife beater and she’d been battling another bout of insomnia and she saw that his once concaved belly now sported a six pack.





Sophie took a deep breath and turned away. He was just a kid; a kid in her care. There was no way that she should be thinking the thoughts that she was thinking! She slipped the book from his hands and replaced it on the bookshelf.





“It’s getting late. We should go. I can’t see very good at night.”





“Like Mouse,” he said.





She was surprised by an urge to smack him. Instead they went to the counter and he purchased his books then they drove home.





“Lucas, you should take a day where you devote it just for yourself,” Sophie said as she unlocked the front door. She had been thinking about that as they drove home. His life was so wrapped around her, he had no friends, no girlfriend and he was twenty-two. She knew he needed more than to be some lady’s manservant.





He was watching her curiously. The way he did that always let her know that he had a lot going on in his head but was smart enough to wait before speaking.





“Once a week I want you to do only things that Lucas wants to do, nothing for me.”





He shrugged. “But I don’t mind doing things for you. Plus it doesn’t take much of my time to make you a cup of hot tea when I’m making myself one, or to take your dinner in to the office when I take mine to the dining room.” His shrug indicated that he had rejected the offer.





“I think you should get out of the house and make some friends; maybe find a girl…or a boy.”





Lucas stiffened and Sophie’s face warmed.





“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean-”





“One day a week?” he asked. “To do whatever I want?”





“Yeah, I think that would be good for you.”





He nodded his consent. “What day?”





“Sunday?”





He nodded. “That sounds good.” It was Thursday now.





“You can borrow the car.”





“Thank you Sophie, I’ll let you know if I need it.”





“Okay.” He headed to the kitchen with the leftover pizza, placing it into the fridge and then downstairs with a short goodnight to her. She followed his tall lanky form with her eyes wondering what plans he would make for Sunday.





Lucas was lying on his back in the darkened basement, one arm tossed over his eyes as the other leisurely stroked his erect penis. He loved Sophie. He didn’t even have to think of the stories in her books to make him hard, all he had to do was to replay her smile, or the sound of her laughter, or even the odd way she had of squinting up at him and his cock twitched and surged to life.





She’d looked at him today in the bookstore and her dark eyes had flashed; the blackness had grown; dilated is what they called it. It meant that she was aroused. His hands moved more rapidly against his rock hard shaft and his breath caught in his throat. His back arched as his testicles tightened and through gritted teeth he cried out softly.





“Oh…Sophie…”





Chapter 8





Sunday morning Lucas poked his head into the office. Sophie was writing. “I’m going now. I grabbed your car keys but I’ll just be a few hours.”





“Oh. Okay.” She responded while turning to him with an encouraging smile.





“I’ll fill up the tank. Thanks again, Sophie.”





“Enjoy yourself.” She said, resisting the urge to ask if he’d be home before dark.





Sophie studied the word document page and reread what she’d written three times before she pressed save and decided to check her messages. No messages, nothing from Candace, no new blog entries. With a bored sigh she contemplated watching television but she didn’t like TV much. And besides, it wasn’t that fun unless Lucas was there to enjoy it with her. They didn’t watch much but sometimes found a good movie on the Sundance Channel or TLC.





She grabbed her Kindle electronic book and decided to check out some of the selections that were top rated on Amazon. She was partially through one book when she checked the time and slammed down the Kindle in annoyance. Why was she sending Lucas out to find new friends when she was the anti-social one? Who was she fooling?! She hadn’t been out on a date since…she hadn’t been touched in so long she didn’t know what a man’s penis inside of her body felt like anymore. She hadn’t picked up a phone to chit chat with a girlfriend since she retired and told everyone she was always too busy to talk, to go out, to just have fun.





She kept telling herself, ‘I’m not ready; I’m not ready to be touched, I’m not ready to give my heart to someone again. But really, she just wasn’t ready to lose someone else that she loved. She thought back to the black writer’s convention and the sexy man that had watched her with open interest. And as soon as he had the chance he came over and told her that he’d read her first novel and had loved it. He was sexy with big chocolate eyes and a velvety black moustache that begged to be explored by her lips.





After a few drinks they had gone back to his hotel room and Sophie had been so ready, her panties were wet and every touch of his lips had brought electric currents coursing through her body. And then they were both naked and he was hard, she was wet and his sheathed penis had tried to enter her and she grew suddenly cold. His touch suddenly disgusted her, his mouth felt too demanding, the warmth of his skin felt clammy. It took everything within her not to scream. She’d made a hasty excuse and had hurried to her room only partially dressed. She’d avoided him for the rest of that conference. And later when she tried to understand her actions, the only thing she came away with is that it didn’t feel right to be touched by anyone else but Antonio.





Sometimes, when she wrote, she could become the characters and experience their joy. How did she write so realistically? Because the only life she had anymore was through her characters. Sophie rubbed her eyes and looked at her wet fingertips. She sniffed back the tears that she didn’t realize had wet her lashes and she went to the kitchen for a glass. She opened the freezer and got out the grapefruit vodka that she kept buried in the very back. She filled her glass with ice and liberally poured the drink. She buried back her guilt. She never said that she wouldn’t drink again…only that she wouldn’t get drunk.





And she didn’t. She thought about her dead lover, cried for a moment over what they could have had, thought about their aborted baby and asked for forgiveness because now she had nothing. When she finished her pity party, Sophie washed out her glass, put it away and went into the bathroom to wash her face.





She felt better…but she didn’t…





Later she heard the car pull up around back just as she finished stripping the sheets from her bed. Her heartbeat sped up as she quickly gathered the sheets in her arms. She should have taken care of her laundry earlier so that she wouldn’t disturb Lucas. She had told him that the basement was his private space, and she shouldn’t be going down there when he was down there. She quickly slipped on clogs since she’d left her house shoes in the office and then hurried down the stairs to start the laundry.





Sophie didn’t realize that part of the fitted sheet was dragging the floor and when she went to take a step her foot got caught and did not move forward--but her body did. She went tumbling down the stairs face first.





Lucas had opened the trunk and was just about to stow his purchases in the storage shed when he heard a loud banging. He knew instantly that Sophie had either fallen or dropped something down the stairs. He slammed the trunk shut, forgetting about his purchases as he raced up the back stairs, ears perked for any sounds. And as he used the key to unlock the door he heard a low whimper turn into a loud wail and then an ear shattering scream.





It seemed as if Lucas could fly as his feet barely touched the floor. He saw her crumpled body at the bottom of the stairs and the next thing he knew, he was there with her.





She was tangled up in the bedding and he didn’t know if she’d broken something. Her mouth was opened in a silent scream and then she sucked in air and wailed in pain.





“SOPHIE!” He pushed the covers away and saw that her wrist was bent at a strange angle. His eyes bulged at the sight of it. Sophie was holding her injured appendage against her body and he didn’t think she’d seen it yet and he didn’t want her to.





“It’s okay, honey. It’s okay.”





“LUCAS!!!” She screamed.





He stood up on shaky legs. “I’m going to call an ambulance!”





“Nooo!” She begged. “Don’t leave me!” He knelt down and placed his head inches from her ear, holding her face firmly but gently in his palms.





“I’m not leaving, I’m going to get the phone and I’ll be back before you can count to five, okay?” He kissed her. She squeezed her eyes closed in agony but nodded. He released her and darted up the stairs for the cordless in the living room. He was back by her side in a flash. He was alarmed to see her in such an awkward position. She was on her back, head and shoulders on the landing, feet on the stairs, her neck twisted.





Jesus god…her neck was broken. But then she pulled herself up on her elbows.





He placed his hands on her shoulders. “Baby, don’t move. There might be something broken.”





“I need to get up-AHHH!” She screamed when she tried to place her injured hand on the landing in order to brace herself. Lucas hugged her, pressing her face against his chest, as much to quiet her as to prevent her from seeing the angle at which her wrist now lay. He began dialing 9-1-1 with shaky fingers. He tried to quiet Sophie’s cries as he tried to explain to the operator what the emergency was. When it came time to give the address he couldn’t remember it. He gave the street but not the numbers. And then he remembered that they would need to come through the back anyways so he explained that the house was right behind the Dairy mart and the Laundromat on the opposite side of the alley.





The operator named the streets Madd Anthony and Anthony Wayne and he yelled out his affirmation. She said an ambulance was on its way.





Sophie wasn’t screaming anymore but he thought that her sobs were much worse. No grown woman should ever sob like that. He pulled her into his arms, not thinking about the possibility of bones in her neck or back being fractured, he just needed to hold her close and to comfort her.





“Tell me where it hurts, baby.” He placed kisses all over her tear streaked face.





“My arm!” She wailed.





“Is that it?” He was rocking her gently now.





“My back.” She panted and tried to catch her breath.





“Up high or down low?”





“Low.” She was quieting some. “My shoulder hurts. I think my head hurts.” She had stopped crying and was just groaning low in her throat. He could hear the sirens.





“Sophie, I need to get the ambulance. I won’t be gone long. I need to make sure they know where we are.”





She closed her eyes but nodded slightly. He stood up with a grimace wondering if he should instruct her not to go to sleep. Damnit! He sprinted out the door wishing that he could be in two places at once. He ran to the alley and stood there waving like crazy and once he was sure that the ambulance driver saw him, he dashed back to the house and to Sophie’s side.





~***~





They said that she was very lucky, but she didn’t feel it. In fact, Sophie felt very UN-lucky. She’d suffered a broken wrist, dislocated shoulder, herniated disc, and various other bumps and bruises that could not be treated, but which hurt nonetheless.





She didn’t remember the ambulance ride; she didn’t even remember the fall really, but she did remember that Lucas had been there to take care of everything, and then she knew that she could relax because he was good at taking care of things.





When she awoke she was groggy on drugs and Lucas was just a big pale blur that gripped her good hand tightly. “I love you, Sophie. I love you so much. I’m so sorry I left, I won’t ever do that again. I should have been there!” Her eyes began to close again but she squeezed his hand and sighed feeling safe and loved.





The next time she woke up it was dark and she blinked and tried to see. She gasped and tried to sit up but could barely lift her limbs. There was a sudden movement and then she felt Lucas’ hand slip into hers.





“I can’t see!” She cried, panicking.





“Your glasses broke.” He urged her back down onto the bed and she relaxed at the sound of his soothing voice.





“I’m blind without my glasses,” she tried to explain.





“I know.” He placed his lips close to her ear, his face nuzzling her cheek and it felt so good that she shivered. “I’ll order you a replacement pair. Do you have a spare at home? My grandparent’s always kept their old glasses.”





“Yes. In the desk in the office.”





He pulled back slightly so that she could see him and even though he was very close it was good because she could see the blue of his eyes. “When you wake up, you’ll have your eyes again, now you sleep, okay? I’m going to take you home tomorrow.” He placed a light kiss on her lips. “I love you.”





“I love you, too.” She didn’t even think about what she’d said. She just did as he instructed and fell back asleep.





The next day, her glasses were indeed resting on her nose when she opened her eyes. They were her old pair, but they felt comfortable on her face; like an old worn shoe. She looked around but Lucas was no where around. One of the many nurses busily scurrying around outside of her door poked her head into the room.





“Good morning. You’re awake.”





“Where’s Lucas?” She managed to groan between dry, sore lips.





“The young man?” The nurse looked around as if he were hiding somewhere in the room. “I don’t know. He must have dashed out to get something to eat. He’s barely left this room.” The nurse busily checked monitors and her IV’s. “He said he was your assistant?”





“Yes.” She dry swallowed.





The nurse chuckled. “We thought he was a kid. We actually ID’d him thinking he was skipping out on school.” She gave Sophie a sideways look.





“Did I break my neck?” She asked, ignoring the comment. She was wearing a neck brace. She tried to reach up and touch it but she had a cast on her arm and she was too tired to lift it. The other arm had the IV’s.





“No. But you do have a herniated disc. Dr. Polotny will be in shortly to go over your chart with you. I gave you more pain medicine. You’ll feel sleepy, and when you wa…” But Sophie was already asleep.





~***~





Lucas was leading Sophie slowly up the porch stairs. She’d been in the hospital two days, mostly to give her back time to heal. She didn’t consider it healed. Every move radiated pain through her body. The two days spent in the hospital was foggy and dreamlike. She was just happy to be leaving there and getting back to her home.





Even loaded up with painkillers, it was difficult to move. It took so long to get from the car to the house that Lucas had offered to carry her.





“Like I need to fall again.”





“I would never drop you.”





“Well we don’t need the both of us with blown out backs.”





He ignored her comment and just encouraged her to continue one step at a time. By the time she was in the bedroom she was drenched in sweat. The blankets were already pulled down. She gave him an appreciative look as he helped her to sit on the bed’s edge. He knelt before her and helped remove her shoes.





“I’m going to help you lay back. Just take it slow,” he said. She winced but her back pain didn’t flare up as she had expected and she was soon relaxed against the pillows.





“Good?” He asked as he plumped them for her.





“Good.” She replied. He pulled the covers over her. She was already wearing pajamas. Good thing they made them for indoor and outdoor wear nowadays.





“I’ll be back. I’m just going to bring in your things from the car.”





“Okay.” She said tiredly.





When he returned to the room, she was already asleep. He leaned down and placed his lips on her forehead and then he stroked her hair lightly. It needed brushing, he’d do that later. Lucas sat there for a long time, just luxuriating in the ability to watch her uninterrupted. He was determined that he was going to take care of Sophie; not just as an assistant but as her man. He knew that she still saw a little boy when she looked at him. But he would have to work to change that.





He finally stood and moved across the room. He closed the blinds and then shut the door softly behind him.





Chapter 9





“Lucas?”





His eyes popped open and he leaped from the couch where he planned to sleep while Sophie healed. He dashed into the bedroom. She was struggling to get out of bed.





“Sophie! What are you doing?!”





“I need to go to the bathroom.”





He helped her. “Sweetheart, I have a bedpan for you.”





She had been groggy but at the mention of a bedpan her eyes flew open. “BEDPAN?! I’m not using a bedpan!” He helped her stand.





“You can’t keep getting in and out of bed. In the hospital you had a catheter. If you keep moving around you’ll never get better.”





“If I use a bedpan, you’ll have to CHANGE a bedpan. And that’s not happening,” she muttered. When she was standing on her feet she tried to straighten and gasped in sudden pain, leaning on him heavily. He put his arms around her body and held her upright. Suddenly there was the sound of liquid spattering against the hardwood floor and the strong smell of urine. Sophie looked down in horror. She’d just peed herself, and worse it had spattered all over Lucas’ shoes!





Tears welled up in her eyes. She felt so helpless.





“Put your arms around my neck.”





She looked at him with tear blurred eyes. “What? You’re not going to lift me-”





“Sophie, please! Just do it,” he commanded.





Her brow furrowed but she placed her arms around his neck and hung on while he swept her up into his arms.





He carried her into the bathroom and set her down gently in the bathtub. She had a handheld shower and he grabbed it with one hand, and held it pointed to the drain while adjusting the water temperature with the other.





“Sophie,” he said gently. “You’re going to have to take off those clothes.”





“I…I don’t want to.”





He gave her a patient look. “Remember when I told you that I had to help Granny? Well I helped her in the bath all of the time.”





She winced, her arms crossed in front of her. “But I’m not your Granny.”





He seemed to consider her words. “I can close the curtain and you can take off your clothes by yourself. I’ll be right on the other side of the curtain in case you need me.”





She nodded her consent and Lucas closed the curtain and waited.





It only took Sophie three minutes before she admitted that she couldn’t do it alone. Hell she couldn’t even bend down without ripping pain coursing through her spine.





Lucas pulled back the curtain and the first thing he did was to remove her brace. It was wet but luckily her cast wasn’t.





“Just keep this arm out to the side.” She was wearing a button up shirt because it was the only thing that she could put on comfortably.





“You’ll need to wear a hospital gown until your shoulder is better.” He unbuttoned her shirt, she wasn’t wearing a bra. He slipped it off her body and tossed the wet fabric into the sink for him to wash later. She nervously covered her breast with her injured arm while trying to hold on to the towel rack with the other.





“Lean in to me, not the wall.” Sophie averted her eyes as she did what he instructed. It meant that she had to uncover her breast which she did quickly, bracing herself against Lucas with her broken arm and now concealing her oversized boobs with her other.“You’re doing good,” he said gently. “I’m just going to take off these pants now.”





“I-” she began nervously.





“It’s okay. I won’t look.” He turned his head as he pulled down her wet pajama bottoms. The smell of urine assaulted both of their noses and Sophie groaned in disapproval. He grabbed the body wash and her spongy and lathered it liberally after handing her the handheld shower. She was still leaning into him, but stopped trying to hide her various body parts since she had the choice of either being modest, or being clean.





She let the warm water spray over her body which wet Lucas as well but he didn’t complain and he had kept his eyes averted as promised. He offered her the sponge and they did an efficient exchange so that he was holding the source of the water again while she began washing herself.





“You’re doing good, way better than Granny. ‘Course Granny sat in the tub, but this is easier.”





“Granny sounds like a trooper.” She tried to joke.





“She was actually too far gone to care.”





“But it couldn’t have been pleasant for you.”





She felt him shrug as he stared at the tiled wall. “It was something that had to be done, so…”





She didn’t spend a long time washing. And once she had rinsed away the soap Lucas released her and went for a bath towel. He held it up so that he couldn’t see her body as he wrapped it around her. He was the support when she carefully lifted her leg and stepped out of the tub. She felt better, the heat must have help. She headed for the bathroom door but he stopped her at the sink.





“You might as well brush your teeth while you’re here.” Her hand flew to her mouth and she gave him a look of chagrin.





“Are you saying my breath…?”





He smiled.





“Oh my god…why didn’t you say something?!”





He chuckled. “Sophie…”





She brushed her teeth and then gargled. When she was done she nodded. “I feel so much better. Thank you. Even my back stopped throbbing. I guess the hot water helped.”





He helped her into a hospital grown that he had swiped when he was getting her bag packed. Then he removed the towel that she had a death clutch on and once she was settled in bed Lucas cleaned the floor.





She watched him feeling guilty and horrible but happy that she had him.





They developed a routine over the next few days; bedpan first thing in the morning, then breakfast. Lucas gave her medicine and then sometimes she would insist on getting up and going to the bathroom again because some things you just didn’t do in a bedpan, and other times Lucas just picked her up and carried her.





She would clean herself up and then back to bed. Sometimes she would read a book or crack open her KINDLE, sometimes Lucas would climb into bed with her and they would turn on the television and watch for a while. After dozing she would wake up to lunch and more medicine and bathroom or bedpan again. Lucas would open the window and let the summer breeze in. Then he would go off and do whatever he did. He’d bring her a snack and tell her about her messages or blog but she had no interest in writing or getting on the computer. She needed this break.





“Sophie, just yell if you need me. I’ll be outside but I’ll hear you.” Then he’d dash off and she would feel a little lonely. But she couldn’t expect him to just sit in her room with her all day. Besides, she slept all of the time, anyways.





One day he pulled the covers off her feet and she saw that he was holding toenail clippers.





“Ew, what do you think you’re doing?”





“Giving you a lobotomy,” he smirked.





“That is gross,” she said when he gripped her foot and flexed one of her toes so that he could clip the nail.





“You think everything is gross.”





“Touching my toenails isn’t gross?”





“No. You have pretty toenails.” He concentrated on his task and she watched his blues eyes as they narrowed in concentration. He looked up and caught her looking but just smiled. “Granny’s nails…now those were gross. I couldn’t even cut them with clippers. One actually flew across the room and hit Pawpaw in the eye. He thought I threw something at him.”





“Oh my god,” she laughed. “That is so nasty.”





“Do you want me to paint them?” He was giving her a hopeful look.





“Knock yourself out, Toeman.” She told him where to find the nail polish and he got a towel and placed it on his lap and then he concentrated on painting her nails. She watched the way his long hair fell into his eyes and how he ignored it. She had a sudden urge to run her hands through his silky black tendrils. His hair was bone straight and so fine that it sometimes flew around even when he was barely moving.





She looked at something else. “Lucas? Can I ask you a personal question?”





His eyes moved from his task to meet hers. “Sure. You can ask me anything, Sophie.”





She swallowed. “Tell me about being bisexual; about the men that you were with.”





He studied her.





“Was that too personal?” Her cheeks felt warm.





“No. It’s fine. I don’t mind talking about it.” He gently shook the bottle of polish and then continued to paint her nails. “What do you want to know about them?”





“How did you meet them? What was it like the first time? Did you like it?”





“The first time…I was scared. I didn’t like it so much.” He wrinkled his nose at her and he looked so innocent; not like he was telling her about his first homosexual experience. He had been sitting with his legs crossed but then he stretched out and lounged at the foot of her bed. With his blue eyes and long lanky body, he resembled some kind of feline. Her breath caught in her chest at his beauty while his expression became thoughtful.





“I guess I’d been out on my own for about two or three months. I was working at the diner and one of the guys I worked with knew about me losing my grandparent’s house. He knew I was bummed about it. He kinda took me under his wing; at first it was because he thought I was a kid. And then when he found out that I was only about two or three years younger than him, it freaked him out.





“I began noticing that he watched me all of the time. He just seemed like a regular kind of guy. I didn’t think that his watching me meant anything. But after a while I began to feel something when I knew his eyes were on me. It wasn’t really sexual…just kind of…happy.





“Sometimes after work we’d go out and have a beer and unwind and one night he kissed me.” Lucas’ eyes searched her face for her reaction. Not seeing anything there that would prevent him from continuing he shook the bottle of polish again and reached for her other foot.





“That was my first kiss. Tommy made me feel good about myself. I was really feeling like crap; no money, no family, and an over-priced, one room motel to call home. But when me and Tommy were together I didn’t feel like crap. I didn’t care if I was gay or bi, I just knew that I felt good with him. And then one day he showed me that there was more than touching and rubbing.”





Sophie studied him, appreciating his complete openness. “Did you love Tommy?”





Lucas blushed and then shrugged. “I could have, but I didn’t. Tommy was married.” He peeked at her. “We didn’t last long, just about a month, and then I got fired. He couldn’t do much to help me, he gave me some money and I think…he was probably happy to see me leave.”





“Why do you think that?” She asked with a frown.





He shrugged. “Because he was closeted. And me…I was so damn green that I didn’t even have a closet to come out of. People like Tommy…don’t really want a relationship with another guy. They just want kicks.”





“You learned that lesson young…some of us don’t learn that until it’s too late.”





“Too late?”





“Too old to apply it.”





“You’re not old, Sophie.”





It was her turn to shrug. “And what about guy number two?”





He hesitated. “Guy number two was just me burning off steam in the YMCA shower.” His eyes flashed at her. “And I used protection.”





“YMCA?” Her eye cocked upward. “Really?”





He shook his head. “Such a cliché, huh?”





She raised her hand in innocence. “I’m not saying anything.”





He looked at the ceiling and took a deep breath. “Do you…think I’m bad?”





“Damn, Lucas…?” She was frowning. “I wasn’t trying to judge you. And I don’t have a problem with homosexuality. I think that consenting adults should be able to do whatever they want with other consenting adults--as long as it doesn’t hurt anyone else.”





He blushed. “Like doing it with a married man?”





“You don’t need me to tell you that were wrong; especially with a man on the down-low, for god sakes!”





Lucas sighed. “Well if it would make his wife feel any better, karma has already kicked my ass.”





“Oh, Sweetie,” she said sympathetically. Then she frowned. “Well what about me? Was I in the path of your bad Karma?”





He cracked a smile despite himself. “I don’t think karma jumps from one person to the next like fleas on a dog.”





She gave him a serious look. She didn’t think Lucas was bisexual. She thought Lucas was lonely and confused.





After about a week in bed, one day Lucas stood in the doorway of her bedroom with a huge smile. Sophie was still groggy from her nap and she stared at him.





“You look insane.”





He shook his head, still smiling. “Get up. I want to show you something.”





“Okay,” she took a moment to stretch and to yawn. She could get out of bed easily now though she still sometimes experienced unexpected and severe pain, so although mostly healed, she decided to take his advice and to stay in bed as much as possible.





He got her robe and draped it over her shoulders even though she was wearing pajama bottoms and a gown. He offered her his arm and led her through the house.





“Where are we going?”





“You’ll see.”





He grinned so happily that he looked like a kid on Christmas morning. It was infectious and she started grinning as well. He opened the back door and she frowned. She was not about to go outside looking like this.





Lucas pushed the door open and Sophie froze. She squinted and stared outside. Usually she could see the ugly alleyway and the back of the shops. But now what she saw was a big privacy fence.





“Jesus, Luke…” She didn’t even realize that she’d shortened his name. She stepped away from him in awe and pushed open the screen door. She gasped. The yard was beautifully landscaped. There were stepping stone pavers and a small pond with real river rocks bubbling in one corner. There were plant beds; some containing fully grown flowers, others appeared to be buds just now sprouting to life. There was even a little fruit tree!





He helped her down the stairs and she touched the pretty blooms, oohing and ahhing as she walked the circumference of the yard, taking in every single object. Lucas happily pointed out everything he’d done.





He had taken her table and chairs from the shed and set up the umbrella. Tiki torches dotted the yard and he’d found two whimsical sculptures to hang on the wall, one was of a metal cat, the other was the sun and the moon.





“How did you do this?! When did you do this?!”





He chuckled at her total shock. “Mostly while you slept and sometimes in the middle of the night. Do you like it?”





“Like…I LOVE IT!” She threw her arms around his neck and hugged him. Lucas held her tightly. When she pulled back she searched his eyes. “But how did you pay for it? How did you afford this?”





He led her to the Adirondack chairs. He’d bought cushions and she settled in one comfortably. “Remember that…that day you told me to go out and do my own thing.” Her face grew serious at the memory of that, it was almost two weeks ago but it felt longer.





“Yeah.”





“Well…this is what I wanted to do. You said I could do whatever I wanted and this is what I wanted.”





“But-”





“It didn’t cost that much. The fence was probably seventy bucks and I got all of the plants for about a hundred and I got those wall hangings in a thrift shop. I didn’t pay more than twenty bucks each for all of the tiki torches.” He jumped up and pulled out an old boom box with detachable speakers. He pressed play on the cd player and an old Sade tune began playing. It sounded as if she was at an outdoor Sade concert!





“I forgot about this. I found this at a pawn shop.”





“I’m going to pay you back every cent.” Sophie looked around in total pleasure.





He sat back down. “Mhm. I figured you’d say that. It’s still my gift to you.” He reached out and took her hand. “I just wanted you to know how much I appreciated you.”





She swallowed and squeezed his hand and they stayed that way longer than they needed to.





Chapter 10





Sophie had just gotten out of the tub. It had been nearly three weeks since she’d fallen and even though she sometimes ached unexpectedly and she had to move a bit slower, she felt good. She was going to wear a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. It was hot and she and Lucas were going to hang out in the back yard. He’d already started smoking a rib for dinner and the aroma of slow cooked pork made her mouth water in anticipation.





She heard him in the office talking to Candace. She hadn’t had to talk to her since before her accident and didn’t want to right now. With a sense of guilt, she thought about her book. She had to get back into the groove of writing.





She could hear Lucas pacing as he talked. She opened her bedroom door so that she could hear what he was saying.





“Well she can’t come to the phone because her jaw is still wired shut. They said it’d be four weeks so…Yeah. Well you can communicate with her by email like last time. Yes, Candace. I’ll be sure to tell her. She’ll be waiting for you email. Okay, bye.”





Email. Wow, he was good. She smirked, that was actually ingenious about her jaw being wired shut. She wondered if she could milk that a bit longer. But she did need to know about Candace’s feedback so that she could make the updates. It was time for her to stop slacking off and to get back to work.





Sophie went into the office just as Lucas was hanging up the phone. He froze when he saw her; she saw his eyes move across her form. This was the first time she’d worn shorts this year. She was too fat for them. She should change…





“What did Candace want?”





“To talk to you.”





“I figured that.” She studied him. “Lucas, what did she have to say about my submission?”





He suddenly seemed to avoid looking at her. “She…thought there should be some changes.”





Sophie’s lips twisted. “Such as?”





“I’ll grab the laptop and we can pull up the email while we’re sitting outside, if you want.”





“Hmph.” She grumbled and headed outside, grabbing two bottles of iced tea. By the time she got settled, Lucas had come out with the laptop and an extension cord. He got settled in the Adirondack chair next to hers and navigated to her email. It was a good thing that she trusted the kid, because he had access to almost every one of her accounts except her for her checking and savings.





He glanced at her before opening the email, clearing his throat. She thought he looked nervous. His eyes were too wide and his face was flushed. Damnit, this wasn’t going to be pretty.





“She wanted to make some adjustments-”





“Let me read it.” She said, taking the laptop to her own lap.





She read quietly and then her eyes narrowed.





As I said, Sophie, this isn’t bad—far from it. But I’m not sure why this is the POV of a white male? I thought we were on the same page that our demographic was definitely twenty-something black females. White men don’t read this.





Her face was hot. She looked at Lucas. “White men don’t read this? Did she just say…Bullshit! Do you know how many white men email me, or blog me asking to be my slave, showing pictures of their dicks, wanting to know if the sex scenes were ones I actually engage in?!”





Lucas’ brow went up. Yes, he did know how many white men sent Sophie messages. But he didn’t think she wanted an answer. After a moment she returned to the email.





I also think that name Sara doesn’t give the right ‘feel’. How about selecting a more ethnic name? While I love the flip you gave to the story by having Eric doubt himself, but don’t you believe that you give him too much power? What if Sara (or whatever her new name will be) shows interest in a man; Ned for instance? And so that it doesn’t seem as if you are pitting black man and white man against each other, you should change Ned into a Hispanic. We have a strong Hispanic following-





“Well for fucks sake!” Sophie leaped to her feet while thrusting the laptop into Lucas’ hands. She had barely stopped herself from flinging the device across the yard. Her dark eyes were smoldering. “This is some bullshit!”





Lucas was not used to seeing her upset like this. He put the laptop down into the chair and came to his feet. His put his hands firmly on her upper arms.





“Sophie, I know this is irritating-”





She spun around and went back into the house. He followed and watched her pace back and forth a few times. She turned to look at him.





“Is this how it’s always going to be for me?” He saw her lips quiver even while her eyes smoldered in anger. “What’s the point of writing?” Her voice cracked but her eyes didn’t glisten, they just darkened.





He shook his head. “Don’t say that-”





“No. Why should I write?!” She spotted the crystal vase filled with expensive flowers that Candace had sent days before. She stormed over to it and opened the front door, flinging the pretty arrangement down the walkway where it shattered into a million beautiful shards. She slammed the door shut. Wanting to curse, wanting to rage, Sophie didn’t know how to release her frustration so she just sank into the armchair.





“I hate this.” She was trembling, her body hitching. “I quit…I just can’t fucking do this anymore.”





“Sophie…” Lucas walked to the chair and knelt next her. He took her un-casted hand in his. “I…I took care of it.”





After a moment she replayed his words and looked at him. She rubbed her dry eyes. “What? What do you mean?”





“I made the changes she wanted.” He looked at her closely. “I sent them back a few days ago.” He frowned. “That’s what she was calling about; to tell you that she liked the changes.”





Sophie was at a loss for words. “You…re-wrote my story?” Her eyes got huge.





“No! I just made the changes. I had to!” He appealed to her with big blue eyes. “You couldn’t, you were sick. And she kept calling and asking for them and…I just did the best I could...”





Her eyes fluttered close. “I don’t blame you, I blame her. What in the hell was she thinking, making these types of demands when I was laid up in bed hurt?” Her face twisted into a grimace of loathing. “I-I really hate that woman. I want to destroy her-”





“Sophie, don’t say that.” He pressed his face against her cheek and since his shoulder was so close, Sophie laid her head there and closed her eyes. When she breathed in, she smelled herself in Lucas; so familiar and comforting. He used her shampoo and her soap so of course he would smell like her now.





She felt him bury his nose into her neck and shoulder and sigh. He was breathing her in too.





“I’m sorry that I acted like a baby,” she murmured. Now that her rage was subsiding she felt ashamed of her actions. What kind of example was she setting for Lucas acting like that?





She felt his head move slightly and his lips began to travel smoothly up her neck. Her body jolted and broke into a trillion little goose bumps. Her nipples hardened so rapidly that they ached and her hands squeezed themselves into fists while her breath caught in her chest.





Lucas’ lips settled on the hollow beneath her ear and he placed a light kiss there.





Sophie jerked in response. He was just…being comforting. She tried to turn this into something that she could handle, Lucas’ affection, his care was nothing more than an innocent desire to comfort her.





Then he whispered. “I’m in love with you.” And the words rumbled deep despite the little boy’s face that she couldn’t see but which she knew issued those elusive words.





Oh no…





“Lucas-”





Then his little boy lips covered hers and they didn’t feel like little boy lips. She pressed back against the cushions at the same time that her lips parted to receive his gentle, insistent kiss. Her breath was so erratic that she couldn’t really consider herself breathing. Her chest was rising and falling rapidly, and oxygen was keeping her conscious but she didn’t know how.





His hands moved up her upper arms firmly as his kisses deepened, she felt the tease of his tongue and her body clenched down low.





“No!” She pushed him back and he fell on his butt, blinking at her in confusion. She leaped to her feet and covered her eyes. Oh my god…





“Sophie?”





She hurried out of the room but felt Lucas’ hands on her arms again, stopping her. He gently turned her around but she wouldn’t look at him. She was so ashamed of herself. This boy was in her care and she should have never kissed him like that. What kind of monster was she that she would take advantage of a person like Lucas?





She felt him gently lift her head to look at him and she couldn’t. She just couldn’t. She turned her head away.





“Sophie, don’t. Please don’t turn away from me.”





She took a deep breath and toughened her resolve. She looked at him. “That was a mistake-” He was shaking his head. “-that should have never happened-”





“Why?”





“Because I’m supposed to be caring for you, not…”





His brow creased. “Sophie, I’m not a child. I’m a man. I’m an adult.”





“You’re also twenty years younger than me! Twenty years, Lucas.”





“I don’t care. I love you-”





She pulled out of his arms. “Stop saying that!” She stormed to her office. Her freaking wrist was throbbing, along with her head. What had she done? Lucas followed close on her heels.





“I can’t help that I look like this. Christ, I’m going to always look like this!”





He shouldn’t say things like that. He was beautiful. He was…beautiful. “You’re going to meet an awesome young girl—your own age, and you’re going to fall in love-”





He stood in the doorway watching her with stormy eyes that had turned violet. “I did meet a girl. And I am in love with her.”





Those words caused her heartbeat to speed up but she squinted at him from across the room. “Yeah, well…that sometimes happens when you’re getting help from someone. You feel like you owe them, the feelings become confusing.”





He rolled his eyes and hid an angry snicker. “You really do think that you’re talking to a sixteen year old, don’t you?” He stepped into the room and she looked like she was about to panic but she had to stand her ground.





“I take care of you, more than you take care of me,” he said adamantly.





She resisted the urge to look around for an alternate escape as he slowly closed in on her.





“AND I’m not confused. I’ve lived with you. I know why I’m in love with you-”





Her eyes closed. “Stop saying that.”





“What?” She felt his hands on her arms again. His voice was now soft, even though it was so deep that hearing it alone was enough to cause her gut to wrench. “That I love you? That I’m in love with you? That I want you?” He pulled her body to him and she had no choice but to follow; he was wiry, but he was strong and he towered over her in a way that she had never really noticed.





His body was so hard and tight. And then he adjusted his weight slightly and his pelvis was positioned against her belly. Alarmed she could feel that he was indeed very hard. She saw his beautiful face lower to kiss her again and her breath came out in a gush.





“Please don’t!”





He paused, his stormy eyes searching her face. Then he slowly released her.





“I’m…sorry.” He ran his hands through his hair and drew in a shaky breath. Taking a step back he scanned the room for something to focus on. “I’m so sorry.” Then he turned and walked out of the room and out the back door.





Sophie slumped into the armchair. She was trembling and she still couldn’t breathe. She stood up, feeling as if her legs would not support her and headed for her bedroom for the aspirator that she kept around for emergencies. She could barely catch her breath. That hadn’t happened in a long time.





Chapter 11





Sophie took to her bed after taking a few painkillers for her throbbing wrist; or at least that is the story she told herself. It was dark when she felt a slight dip on her bed. Her eyes opened and Lucas was sitting there.





“Are you okay? You’ve been asleep for hours.”





She reached for her glasses after rubbing her eyes and then she scooted up in bed. “Uh…my wrist, I took a painkiller.” Or two. She noted with relief that he seemed far from angry with her because of their earlier discussion. His eyes were just filled with concern.





“Well dinners ready. Do you want me to just make you a tray so you can eat in here?”





“No, I’ll be in there in a sec.” She avoided meeting his eyes when he lingered, then he got up and left the room. After using the bathroom and splashing her face, she joined Lucas in the dining room where he had placed all of the food buffet style. He was waiting patiently.





“Everything looks great.” She said politely.





The ribs were sliced apart and piled on a platter. He had thawed out greens, made cornbread and she was surprised to see baked sweet potatoes topped with brown sugar and butter.





He stood up and pulled out the chair for her. “I hope you like sweet potatoes. We had them at home all the time.”





She thanked him and sat down. “I love sweet potatoes. I haven’t eaten one in forever.”





They ate in silence and she knew that she should say something. She was the adult here; he was just a misguided kid. But for the life of her, she didn’t know how to broach this uncomfortable subject. She focused on eating. It wasn’t hard for her to hide behind the delicious meal.





She looked up suddenly. “This is really good.” And she saw that he was watching her while he ate. He just nodded and allowed his eyes to drop down to his plate.





Damn. “Lucas…we should really talk.”





He nodded quickly. “About the book.”





He licked his fingers and stood up, hurrying to the office. He returned holding papers in his hand. “I want you to read these changes.”





She took the offered papers in surprise.





“I had to make a big change, Sophie. And I need you to look at it.”





She was done eating and pushed her plate aside, fanning through the big document. “What changes?” Whatever she would have said before, disappeared in the light of this new thing; this thing called BIG CHANGES.





“That’s the first six chapters.”





“Six?”





“I had to double it. Candace said she didn’t like the point of view being from Eric only so…I also wrote a point of view from Toya-”





“Toya?”





He made an apologetic face. “That used to be Sara. I changed her name to Toya.”





Sophie scowled.





“Not good?” He asked nervously. He had pulled his chair around and was sitting next to her as he nervously explained the changes. “I got it from a show on BET; The JoJo and Toya show.”





She shrugged. It wasn’t a bad name. Ethnic…at least it wasn’t Shaquista or something like that.





“It’s a good name.”





He sighed in relief. “So, I used your notes and outline to change the beginning of the story to start with Toya’s point of view.”





He’d changed the beginning. The beginning was the hook. He wrote a hook?





“Would you read it?” He was really nervous, his face was even pale. “You can change it all.”





She looked at the first page.





Toya was starting to get agitated watching the way her best friend Phyllis was out on the dance floor with her short dress hiked high enough to see a flash of her black panties--and of course, black panties made it look like she wasn't wearing any panties at all.





Toya blew out a tired breath, then sipped her gin and cranberry juice. It was always at about this time of the night that she would start asking herself...why am I here? Invariably, Phyllis was going to end up running off with some flashy young dude, leaving her to worry all night about it. The clubs brought out the worst in the girl. It was funny how in school Phyllis was a totally different story. Not even a hangover kept her from going to class. But give Phyllis a drink and stick her in a club and she turned into a straight-up Hootchie Momma!





She gave him a surprised look. “Hootchie Momma?”





Two bright red spots appeared on each of his cheeks. “That’s how you described her in the outline. You said she liked flashy young dudes, had frequent booty calls, and she danced so hard sometimes that her black panties showed…which of course made it look like she wasn’t wearing any panties at all.”





She chuckled. Yeah she had written that. But she would have never put it in her story. But somehow, his words sounded like hers. She gave him a surprised look.





“This is good.” The relief showed on his face. “I’ll read it.” She stood up and went into the office where she settled into her comfortable reclining chair.





Toya's head was bent over her physics lab book and she was having a tough time with it right now. When she had decided to take up Architecture, her thoughts were that she'd do a lot of drawing and constructing little model houses and buildings. Well after a full year of college and just entering her second year, Toya had yet to build anything. There were classes on Speech, Trig and algebra, Microcomputer applications, Surveying and labs and labs and labs! Five years of this?! It was like nothing she had expected! She found herself preoccupied with finding study time. She studied during work breaks, after school, before school and for at least twelve hours on the weekends. It wasn't any wonder that she didn't have a man.





"You're really into that book."





Toya jumped. Ned, her Crew Leader was standing behind her looking over her shoulder. "Oh my god, Ned! You could be a hit-man for the Mafia the way you sneak up on people!"





"Sorry."





"My breaks not over is it?" She glanced at her watch, but saw that she was only about fifteen minutes into her twenty-minute break. It was easy to lose track of time, and she didn't want to ever take advantage because Ned was gracious enough to allow her to study in the manager's office.





"No. Not at all. I didn't mean to disturb you; I just haven't had a chance to talk to you about that bartender’s position. Are you still interested?





"Definitely." He sat on the edge of the desk, one leg only inches from her hand. She gazed at him thinking that he wasn't half bad looking for a white boy, or a Latino, or whatever it was that caused him to have that olive skin tone and deep brown eyes. He was her height, dark wavy hair that he wore tied back with a ponytail holder. But Ned's problem was that he knew he was cute. Half of the girls that worked at DEL CASA MEXICANA wanted to screw him-the other half already had. She wasn't getting into all that. She'd only been working here three months and it was by far the best restaurant she'd ever worked in. Those fast-food joints worked you hard, than hardly paid you. But sit-down dinner establishments were less constricting. She swore that she'd never flip another greasy burger.





"Well, our full time Bartender is going on vacation next week so we can start breaking you in."





"You mean I don't have to go to Bartending School or anything?"





He smiled. "No. With this being a Mexican restaurant, you're basically going to be serving a lot of margaritas. Don't get me wrong, we have 8 different varieties of margaritas to keep straight, but it’s not like a, quote unquote, bar."





Ned put his hands together. "Actually, tomorrow. I can start showing you the lay out, and get you out mixing some of these drinks. Do me a favor. Reach into that bottom drawer to your right. Yeah, that’s the one. There should be a yellow booklet--that’s the one. Read that over tonight and it'll give you the make-up of each specialty drink we carry."





Toya weighed the thickness of the pamphlet in her hand, not meaning to look so obviously perturbed at having another assignment. She was surprised to hear him suddenly chuckle.





"Don't worry. It’s mostly for reference. Besides, I'll be training you--and this is not brain surgery.





He glanced down at her school book, than picked it up. "Physics." He looked at her with admiration. "I'm sure you won't have any trouble picking up any of this bartending stuff."





"Well I actually do have a little knowledge of bartending." Ned raised his brow. She quickly added, "I mean, I've never tended bar or anything--but...I've been to enough of them." She could have kicked herself for saying that. The first thing she thought of was Phyllis, and god forgive her but she didn't want anyone comparing her to the likes of that. "I mean, I'm not trying to say that it’s all I do-"





"Everybody goes out." Ned interjected.





"Yeah." She smiled, relaxing.





"I'll get you a couple of Tuxedo shirts before you leave. And all you have to do is supply the black pants, no jeans, and skirts are fine."





"Sounds good." She glanced at her wrist. "I guess breaks over. He handed her back the physics book. She gathered her things and placed them into her book bag.





"Man, if you carry that thing all day, you'll never need to work out."





"It is kind of big, ain't it?"





"Kind of big? You can put a Mini-Cooper in there."





I guess I'm used to it." He looked at her.





"I guess you are." She looked at him.





Her brow suddenly knitted. Oh shit! Was she getting vibes? 'Don't bring it to work, Toya.' She scolded herself.





Sophie lowered the papers. It was good. But…how did he write so similar to her? This had her voice, it felt like her. She actually could have written something very similar to this had she been going in that direction.





Sophie glanced at the clock with a yawn and a stretch. It was after 1 am. She had one more chapter to read; which she would do in the morning, but she wanted to tell Lucas how good this was. She found him in the living room reading one of his books. He looked up quickly, his face tight with worry.





“It’s really good.”





“It is?”





She just stared at him in confusion. “You write so much like me. It sounds like I wrote this.”





“I mimicked your style…you know, based on your other books and some short stories that I found on your blog.”





She smiled. “Well you certainly did your research.”





“What do you think about Ned?” He asked anxiously. “You didn’t develop him at all, except to say that he was a lady’s man. I just created a brand new character.”





“I like Ned. He seems nice.”





Lucas grinned.





She hesitated. He wasn’t going to mention the conversation earlier? “Well, I need to go to bed. I’m still groggy.”





“Goodnight,” he said simply.





“Goodnight.” She used the bathroom and then went to her bedroom. The living room light was now off and she guessed Lucas had gone downstairs to bed as well. She sank into her bed feeling troubled. They hadn’t resolved anything; and right now they were pretending. Her brow smoothed. Pretending was good.





The next day Sophie read the last chapter of Lucas’ changes. Then she sat down at her desk and stared at the blinking cursor. She was doing that when Lucas came in with a printout in his hands.





“Candace sent you an email. Just basic chit chat, sales, reviews, and she wants to know if you have considered making Toya chose between Ned and Eric.”





Sophie looked at him. “Have you thought about it?”





He shrugged. “The story is about her and Eric finding their way together. But it probably wouldn’t hurt to allow Eric to see that she has other options. When she chooses him…” His words trailed off and he hesitated. “-it will be even more rewarding because he’ll know that nothing or no one else mattered.”





She considered his words, examining all of the meanings that the simple statement could have. Then she focused on the subject at hand. It wasn’t the way that she had planned to write it but…what else was new. She sighed.





“I’m too tired to think about it.” She stood up. “I’m going to hang out in the back yard and read. You decide.”





“She wants three more chapters by the end of the month.” He said quickly.





Sophie’s back stiffened. “What? She’s putting me on a timeline?” She stormed toward the phone and picked it up, stabbing out the number. Lucas was there in a flash and he slipped the phone out of her hands and hung it up.





“You can’t call her, remember? Your mouth is wired shut.”





“Oh…well.” She threw her hands up. The rage came out of the blue. “Fuck! I can’t deal with this!”





“I’ll handle it. Do you want me to handle it as you, or as your assistant?”





Sophie gave him a surprised look and then she relaxed. “As me.” She moved more calmly towards the door and to her backyard retreat. “Just tell her that I’m not going to be placed on a timeline!” The door slammed behind her.





When she returned to the house a few hours later, Lucas was in the office typing up a storm.” It was strange to see him more productive than she had ever been. He had music playing but it wasn’t the ambient stuff she listened to, but some alternative, Indy, popular new type of music that she knew nothing about. And instead of hot tea he had a bottle of Coca-Cola on the desk next to him.





He looked up. “Hey.”





“What are you up to?”





“Writing Ned and Toya’s first date.”





She sat down in the reclining chair and watched him with interest. “Oh wow, where are you going to situate that in regards to her dating Eric?”





“I figured it would happen the same week that she went on her first date with Eric. I like the idea of her having a dating drought and then all of a sudden two dates in the same week.”





“That sounds good.”





He smiled proudly. “Okay, I’ll put that in there then I’ll hand it off to you.”





Sophie stood up and shrugged, her eyes becoming clouded. “I’m too tired. Plus my wrist hurts. I can’t type right now.” She walked out the room. “You write it.”





“Uh…” Was his response. Sophie walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. He was there in a flash.





“You want me to write the entire thing? I mean, I was just going to knock out a few chapters…Sophie I can’t write an entire novel!”





“Well I’ll help you. Sheesh, I don’t expect you to do it all by yourself. I’ll proof it. I’ll be your editor. How’s that?”





He was shaking his head. “I’m no writer.”





“Obviously you are. Candace loves the changes you’ve written and she should know. She’s the expert.” She stared into the contents of the refrigerator. “What do you want for lunch? I can make sandwiches or I can make a box of mac & cheese, or-”





“Sophie!” She turned and looked at him. “Are you trying to punish me for writing what I did, because…”





“No!” She scowled. “What you wrote is good. But it’s your story now, more than mine. How can I be expected to just take up where you left off?” She gave him a slight grin. “You can have all of the money from the book, I don’t care about that. I just want to be done with Clarion, or better yet, I’ll co-author it with you!”





He was shaking his head. “I’d love to write with you, but…”





“But what?”





He finally smiled. “Yeah. But what?” His smile broadened. “Okay, we’ll write it together.”





She nodded. “It’s settled. You’re officially a writer. Is there something that you would like for lunch Mr. Reider? Because we need to keep you productive.”





He gave her a funny look. “Mac & Cheese is good. Put a little swiss in with the Kraft dinner, please?”





“You got it.”





Chapter 12





Sophie had purchased an oblong, wrought iron, trellis gazebo that fit perfectly in her new backyard. She put some great lounge furniture inside. It had cost an arm and a leg but it was an investment in her peace of mind which was an investment in her writing career; hers and Lucas’.





He had a laptop tray on his legs and was busy pecking away while sitting in the lounger. He wrote in the gazebo every single day. She was sitting in the opposite lounger, engrossed in the last printout that he’d given her; Ned and Toya’s first date.





She lowered the document and sighed once she had come to the end. Oh my god, it was so romantic. Ned was such a good catch. Toya would be a fool to dump him for Eric if Eric was going to end up being so wishy washy about Karen. She was going to have to step up her writing game. Lucas was giving her a run for her money. She peeked at him. He was so engrossed in his writing that he didn’t even see her looking.





How did he even know about first dates, or romance like this? He’d never even dated…well unless what he did with Tommy was considered dating. Thinking about that made her stomach feel hollow.





He looked at her and a shadow fell over his expression. “What? Did you find something wrong?”





“No. I loved it.”





He beamed. “You said the L word. You’ve never said that before about my writing.”





She became flustered. “I’ll…be sure to say it more.”





He gave her a steady look. “No. Only when you mean it.” He turned back to the laptop and continued writing.





Sophie frowned and blinked her eyes.





~***~





Lucas was a fast writer. He finished his next 3 chapters within the month even though Candace had settled for just receiving monthly updates. With Candace out of their hair, Sophie thought of ways that they could enjoy their little hiatus before they tackled the next half of the book. What would Lucas like to do?





She stood at the top of the stairs. “Lucas?” She was holding a bundle of her laundry.





“Yeah?” he yelled back.





“Can you take my laundry down?” She hadn’t been down the stairs since her accident. Lucas did her laundry now. She didn’t like asking but she literally couldn’t bring herself to go down those steps. She thought that once the cast came off then maybe she wouldn’t have the visual reminder. But no.





She saw him appear at the bottom of the stairs. He was wearing a white undershirt and cargo shorts. His hair was really long and actually ran past his shoulders now.





He peered up at her. “Sure.” Jogging up the stairs he took the bundle out of her hand. And then with a frown he placed them on the floor behind her. “Sophie, give me your hand.”





“What? Why?”





He chuckled. “Why do you always have to ask why?”





She put her hands in his. He was standing in front of her and one step below her. “Now take one step down.”





She pulled her hand out of his grasp. “No.” She shook her head adamantly.





He opened his hands again and waited patiently for her to put her hands back into them. After a moment she did.





“I got you, Sophie. You’re not going to fall because I’ll catch you if you do. One step down.”





Her breath became shallow as she remembered tumbling down those stairs and breaking her bones. “I can’t! I can’t do it.” She couldn’t catch her breath. She backed away from the stairs and Lucas followed her and soundly shut the door behind him, a look of concern on his face.





“Okay, it’s gone. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to push. No more stairs.” He had such a soothing voice, like he should be a teacher. She chuckled feeling the panic subside.





“Wow. Sorry about that. I guess I’m going to have to buy a new house.” She tried to joke. He rubbed her trembling arm.





“It’s okay. The grade on those stairs is dangerous. The builder should have added another landing. Are you okay now? Your breathing?”





She nodded feeling stupid. He immediately released her and picked up the laundry. “I’ll take these down. Be right back.” She missed the strong feel of his hands on her arms when he was gone and she shivered.





~***~





“What do you want to do?” She asked as they lounged in the Adirondack chairs out back; the sound of the pond and soft music from the speakers creating a home-away-from-home feel. Lucas shrugged.





“You decide.” He said.





She rolled her eyes. “You’re the one that put in most of the work. I want you to choose. We don’t have to stay in the city. Did you want to see…New York, DC? Maybe Disney, take a cruise-”





“The mountains.”





“The mountains?”





“I always wanted to see the mountains; stay at a chalet, hike through the woods. And since its summer the temperature should be really nice. We could go swimming.”





“Oh! No…I’m not wearing a swim suit.”





He chuckled. “You can swim in shorts. I intend to. So the mountains?”





She shrugged. “The mountains it is.”





Lucas never had the laptop far from him. “Hmmm.” He said as he pulled up the Google search page. “Where?”





“Well if we’re going to drive then it needs to be some place close. I don’t want to be doing a lot of driving at night when I can’t see.”





“Tennessee?”





“Yeah, Gatlinburg.”





He did some pecking on the keyboard. “Wow, there are a lot of chalets,” he said. Together they looked at cabin after cabin. The prices were really affordable for a three day weekend for only two people. Together they selected a two bedroom A frame cabin with a loft containing a large picture window overlooking the Smokey Mountains.





“White water rafting!” He said enthusiastically. Sophie was thinking, I damn near broke my back walking down a flight of stairs. There is no way I’m getting in a boat and going rafting down some white waters! Of course she didn’t say that. This was Lucas’ vacation and she wanted him to have fun. But Sophie thought that what a 22 year old would find fun and what a 42 year old would, was going to be totally different!





~***~





Lucas was very enthusiastic. They were able to book the cabin for that very weekend and so he went out and got the things that they would need. They had to bring their own food and personal care products. Other than that the chalet had flat panel TVs, stereos, Jacuzzi, WII game system with Kinect and 12 games. The owner of the Chalet also had a huge selection of DVD movies and CD’s.





“Maybe we won’t even need to leave the cabin.” She said hopefully as they wheeled their shopping cart down the aisles.





“Maybe.” Lucas said simply as he placed several packs of steak in the cart. He consulted his list. They had created a menu and knew exactly what they would have to get. It would all go into a cooler to stay fresh while they drove.





The day came when they had the car packed for the trip. The cooler stayed in the back seat so that they could have access to it during the five hour drive. Lucas drove so that Sophie’s back wouldn’t stiffen and she appreciated that. It also allowed her to enjoy the great scenery.





The conversation was comfortable and easy. They talked about their book which led to something that she’d been wondering. “Do you want to be a writer, Lucas?”





“I think I do. I love to write and read. Maybe I’ll just be an editor.” He glanced at her. “Maybe I’ll be your editor.”





“Maybe.” She smiled at him proudly. “You can be whatever you want.”





They couldn’t check in before 1:00 and so timed their arrival after they stopped for a long lunch. When they finally arrived at the Smoky Mountains the both of them had to get out of the car, stretch and just stand there for a while doing nothing more than

taking in their surroundings.





The tall trees, the cool breeze, the blue sky and the sweet smelling air was all just too perfect. The two of them beamed at each other and headed for the rental office to pick up the keys.





An older, white haired man was sitting on a stool watching the news and he smiled when they came in. “Mrs. Baxter?”





“That’s me.”





“Hope you had a good trip.”





“It was a beautiful drive.”





“I’ll get your keys and your paperwork.” Sophie looked around the pretty decorated office. She knew that she would be pleased with the cabin when the rent office made her want to curl up in front of the fireplace in the front room.





When she turned back around Lucas was glaring at the old man. She looked from one to the other. The old man had just wiped away a nasty sneer.





“I…um, I’m going to need to see that young man’s ID.”





Sophie’s eyes shot up in surprise. What? Why would he need to see Lucas’ ID when it was she that was paying the bill? And then it dawned on her what the man was thinking. “Well, we’re not…” He thought that they were…





Wordlessly, Lucas pulled out his wallet and slid his driver’s license across the desk.





The older man picked it up and examined it closely. Sophie’s back stiffened. Did he think it was fake? Did he think that she had just lured some child out here to have her way with?! Her cheeks flamed. This old man thought that she was a pervert!





And this was the first time that it had crossed her mind; what others would think. No one had ever looked at them suspiciously when they were out together. And the reason for that made her feel ill.





The reason was because it was so out of the realm of possibility that no one would even think that an older black woman like her would be romantically linked to a white boy that appeared as young as Lucas. She could be his teacher, some authority figure. But no one would ever see them together and think that he was her boyfriend.





He finally passed the license back to Lucas but his nice smile was gone.





“Sign this.” He said curtly. “I’ll need both signatures.” She knew that he didn’t need Lucas’ signature since she was paying but she didn’t object.





He quickly explained the codes, gave them the written operating instructions for various appliances, and then he gave them fresh towels and sheets for the bed.





He didn’t say goodbye, have a nice day, or enjoy your stay, he just turned away from them dismissively.





She hurried out of the office feeling queasy and dirty. Lucas unlocked the car door.





“Get in! We’re almost there.” He was smiling happily again. She wasn’t able to shake her feeling of impropriety quite as easily.





It wasn’t easy to make sense of the cabin numbers…or to even see the cabins but the small map included in all of the printed material gave good instructions and they soon found the small cabin nestled back from the road.





By the time they drove up the narrow path leading to the house, Sophie’s mood had improved and she put the incident behind her. She was excited to take the grand tour, they both were. But first they unloaded the car and made short work of getting everything dumped in the spacious living room. Only after the food was put away into the neat kitchen did the two excitedly explore their new digs. The front room had a huge picture window. A stone fireplace sat dead center of it and though it wasn’t cold, Sophie couldn’t wait to light it.





The two moved from room to room together like little kids discovering something new and fun. It was just as the advertisement and pictures had described! On one of the outdoor decks the two of them just stood there silently absorbing the beauty of the mountains. This was absolutely perfect.





Sophie insisted on using the cleaning supplies that they had brought to wipe down everything—clean fanatic that she was. Then they selected their bedrooms. Both bedrooms had a lot of appeal. One was the loft that had the huge window overlooking the mountains. The other had a fireplace and incredible charm. Lucas took the loft since it didn’t have doors and he knew that Sophie would want the privacy.





When she was done putting away her things she went searching for Lucas to help her slip the mattress covers onto the beds. He was on the deck fiddling with the Jacuzzi. His eyes beamed when he saw her.





“Now this is what I can’t wait to do.” He gestured to the sky. “We should get in here when the sun sets and then we can look up and see the moon and stars above us.”





He painted a beautiful picture. “You got a date…um, a deal.” They got the beds made and Lucas was anxious to explore their surroundings so even though Sophie just wanted to kick back and check out the DVDs or listen to music she was right back in the car heading down the mountains so that they could check out what was going on in town.





The town was very crowded. They decided to park conveniently and then walk. Tour buses ran frequently for cheap tokens and it was the best way to get around. They got a map and Sophie oohed out loud when she saw that they had a Ripley’s Believe it or Not!





“We gotta do Ripley’s.”





“What is Ripley’s?”





“Oh my god! You don’t know about Ripley’s?” Then she explained that it was a museum of sorts, that showcased oddities. His brow went up in interest. They were there in no time and Lucas was already in love with the place even before stepping inside, just from the posters and the huge 1 ton marble ball that was suspended by water. You could place your hands on it and spin it but it would never touch the ground.





“Wow, this is amazing.” He said as he considered how it worked.





“That’s why it’s called Ripley’s Believe it or Not!”





“Well, I wonder what would happen if I stuck my fingers beneath it-”





“Um…please don’t.”





He snickered jovially. “I wasn’t going to. What do you think; I’m two?”





He grabbed her hand and tugged her inside. They looked at a flea circus, they crossed a glass bridge that had Sophie hyperventilating until a grinning Lucas gripped her hand again and pulled her across. They spent an hour exploring until Sophie complained of thirst and a need to sit. Though she hadn’t had any complaints from her back in weeks, she didn’t want to over-do it.





They left Ripley’s and Lucas looked up and down the street enthusiastically. “There’s Hard Rock Café over there.” His eyes were lit in delight as he looked at her.





Wow, it was real far away. She nodded and he placed his hand on the small of her back for a moment. It felt so good that she sucked in a soft breath.





“We’ll be sitting in no time.”





“I’m fine.” She smiled.





They walked at a leisurely pace, pointing out shops and promising themselves that they’d double back to check out this or that. At Hard Rock they got a seat beneath a shadow frame of Janet Jackson’s outfit from the video Control. Sophie snickered. Lucas would have trouble squeezing into that thing. She knew Janet had been pudgy for that video. Who did they think they were fooling? She suddenly considered just how many young men fantasized about Janet Jackson and the woman was older than her. Maybe even Lucas had. There was nothing wrong with that. She listened to him point out pop memorabilia and found herself smiling happily.





They got a Jumbo combo appetizer to split and ice cold lemonades. While they waited for their order Sophie noticed in dawning amazement that Lucas was the center of attention for every prepubescent girl in the restaurant. Sophie leaned in and whispered.





“Lucas. There are about 8 little girls in here ready to shank me.”





“What?” He frowned in confusion. He looked around. He barely noticed the little girls but he did see the disapproving looks of several of their parents.





“It doesn’t bother me. Give me your hand.”





“What? Why?”





“There you go, asking why again.” His hand was on the table top palm up and opened for hers. She rolled her eyes uncomfortably but placed her hand in his. He closed it, trapping hers and then he smiled.





“What do you think people see when they look at us right now?” She tried but couldn’t take her eyes from his.





“They see…an older black woman holding hands with a young white boy, with his parent’s nowhere around.”





“Now, let me ask you this. Is what they see true?”





“No. Because you’re an adult. And we’re not lovers.” She gave him a wry grin.





He inhaled and all signs of humor left his face. “If they could see what is real…then they’d see a man very much in love with the woman sitting across from him.” She slipped her hand from his quickly and Lucas tried not to grimace.





She cleared her throat and looked around. “We should go.”





Now they see a man shot down, he thought grimly.





As the couple walked back to the next shuttle stop, Lucas wished more than anything that he could be holding her hand right now. He almost ached to touch her, but she walked stiffly beside him, not due to her back but because she was upset.





It hadn’t been his intent to upset her this weekend. This weekend was for something much different.





Chapter 13





When they got back to the cabin, the sun was just setting. Sophie had kept quiet for the entire trip. She didn’t want to ruin Lucas’ weekend but she intended to have a serious discussion about the boundaries of their relationship as soon as they got back home. In the meantime she needed to set some things straight.





But he beat her to the punch.





“Sophie, I didn’t mean to embarrass you back at the restaurant. Let’s just…forget that happened, okay? Can we get in the Jacuzzi now?” He gave her such an innocent smile and even though she knew that he was playing her with the sweet innocent act she couldn’t help but to smile back. Yeah…but she still intended to set things straight once they got home.





Sophie changed into athletic shorts and a t-shirt. She kept her bra and panties on for the sake of modesty and then she grabbed two towels and met Lucas in the living room. He was fiddling with the disc changer, loading up songs. He stood when he spotted her.





Sophie’s mouth parted and her heart gave one big thud in her chest. Lucas was wearing swim trunks that ran almost down to his knees; they weren’t anything special. But for the first time she saw him without a shirt. His thin torso was completely hairless; no surprise there, but he had very defined muscles that she could have never guessed at. His shoulders were broad and his pecs were tight. His nipples were brown; a stark contrast against his pale skin. On his feet he wore flip flops, his legs covered in dark hair that transformed him into something very masculine instead of the childlike image that she still had a hard time getting rid of.





“They have some great music. I mixed it up with some oldies and some alt. You ready?” She remembered to nod. “I’m going to grab something to drink.” He headed to the kitchen. “You want a beer? I picked up wine coolers, too.”





“Just water.” She called out.





He made a face. “Sophie, come on. Don’t make me drink alone. This is supposed to be a vacation!”





“You’re not supposed to drink and get into the Jacuzzi.”





“There’s a timer. We’ll set it for…half an hour and get out, cool?”





He gave her a sweet grin and she felt her mouth tug responsively at the corners. “Okay, I’ll have one of the wine coolers.”





“Good!” He grabbed a bottle of beer and a wine cooler, opening them while he was still in the kitchen. Then they went outside. There were outdoor speakers where the Jacuzzi was located and Landslide by Fleetwood Mac was playing. Sophie had to take a moment just to absorb everything. She felt almost overwhelmed with how wonderful it all felt. It was…perfect.





Lucas got into the Jacuzzi and groaned loudly.





“Oh god! The water feels great.” He put the drinks in cup holders and then reached out for her hand to help her up the narrow stairs and into the Jacuzzi. She was very careful but when her foot touched the water her face lit up and she laughed out loud. Her hands went to Lucas’ shoulders as she stepped down. His hands found her hips and he held her for a moment before guiding her to one of the seats.





She settled in and closed her eyes.





Lucas watched her. “Do you feel the jets against your skin?”





“Oh yeah,” she groaned. One is right in the small of my back and it feels awesome.” Her eyes opened.





“We have to get one of these for the house.”





“The backyard’s getting pretty crowded.” He passed her the wine cooler.





She licked her full lips and then took a swig. “Mmm. Good. Nice and cold.” She looked at him. “Well, I’ll just have to buy a bigger house.”





“I’m actually kind of partial to the house you already have.” Sophie thought about the things that he had done to make the house very special. When it was time for Lucas to leave she would miss him a great deal. He took a swallow of his beer and Sophie thought how weird it was to see him drinking. But he was an adult after all…





“What are you going to do when you become a successful writer?” She asked while pushing her hips up so that she could float a little.





“I can’t even imagine.” He thought about the question seriously. “I could have never foreseen this happening and it’s moving really fast.” He had a thoughtful look on his face. “I’m writing an interracial romance novel and I’ve never even been in an interracial relationship…or in any relationship.” He quickly ducked his head into the water and came back up allowing his hair to flow behind him. He quickly wiped his face and nose.





That didn’t matter one bit. He shouldn’t sell himself short. Though he mimicked her style, Sophie could see his own spirit and life in his characters; a goodness that was elusive for her. She found that he had created a character in Ned that seemed so much like him. She found herself looking forward to reading Ned’s new developments. Sophie opened her mouth but then closed it. Lucas saw the movement.





“What? Were you going to say something?”





She felt her face warm. “Just that writing romance is more fantasy than experience. My romances have been fulfilling. But not as fulfilling as what I write in my stories.”





He watched her closely. “That’s just sad.”





Sophie leaned her head back against the padded edge and focused on the darkening sky and its shimmery star points. “It is.” She agreed.





Half an hour came fast and once the buzzer sounded Lucas hopped out of the Jacuzzi. Sophie had finished her cooler and was now feeling incredibly relaxed and didn’t want to get out.





He held out his hand to her. “Come on, Sophie; time to get out.”





She groaned. “Ten more minutes?”





“No, honey. It’s dangerous. We’ve been drinking. We can get back in later.”





“At midnight?”





He chuckled. “Okay. We’ll come back at midnight.”





She stood up then and stumbled a little but even though Lucas was no longer in the Jacuzzi, his strong hands were there to catch her. She laughed too loudly. “I almost fell.”





“I’m not going to let you fall.” She carefully brought her feet over the edge and then onto the step. Falling scared her, terrified her. One fall and it could change your life, one misstep…





“I got you.”





She smiled at him. “I know.”





A cool breeze hit them and goose bumps developed along both of their skins. Sophie’s sodden clothes suddenly felt too heavy. Stupid to have worn underwear and shorts in the Jacuzzi. He grabbed the towels and draped one over her shoulders. He vigorously dried his body with his own and Sophie caught sight of how his wet shorts had dragged down until it showed his narrow hips and the top of his black pubes. She blushed when she found herself wondering what he looked like beneath those shorts.





She hurried into the house. There were two entrances, one led to her bedroom, the other led to the living room. “I’m going to…get out of these wet clothes.” She stuttered.





“Toss them out on the deck. I’ll come back out and put them in the washer and we can have them dry by midnight.” He went in through the living room entrance, drying his wet hair. “I’ll make a fire, and then we can watch a movie. Is that cool?”





“That sounds perfect. I’ll pop some microwave popcorn.”





He looked at her over his shoulder. “I’ll meet you on the couch in 15 minutes.” Then he jogged up the loft stairs and Sophie pulled her eyes away. No door to his bedroom and he’d be stripping out of those wet shorts.





She felt an erotic throbbing between her thighs which she quickly dismissed. She entered her bedroom, closing the curtains and shades.





Sophie took a five minute shower to wash the Jacuzzi scum from her skin. She quickly pulled her hair back into a neat ponytail after slipping on a fresh pair of shorts and a t-shirt. Her wet clothes were gone from the porch when she peeked out and when she opened her bedroom door that lead out to the body of the house she saw that Lucas was just getting the fire started.





“You do know what you’re doing over there, right?”





“What? Start a fire?” He gave her a mischievous look. “Any two year old can do that.”





“Oh…kay.”





He placed the poker back into its slot. “I’m kidding. We had a fireplace at my grandparent’s house.” He clapped his hands together and put on a faux serious frown. “Chop chop, Sophie! You’re on popcorn duty, remember?”





She raised her brow at him and almost called him a brat, instead she went into the kitchen with a smile on her face.





“And a beer for me, please!” He called out.





“Okay okay.” She called back. When she had returned with the popcorn in a large plastic bowl and two bottles of beer she saw that he was crouched in front of the big screen reading the instructions for the surround sound. He was wearing faded camo cargo shorts and a novelty t-shirt that was old enough that the words were now faded off.





“They have Avatar,” he said as he read. “Want to watch it? I haven’t seen it yet.”





“You haven’t seen Avatar?” Well of course he hadn’t. He’d probably been preoccupied with how to eat and live. “Yeah.” She said gently. “Let’s watch it.”





He slipped the movie in and went around the room cutting off lights until the room was bathed only in the glow emanating from the 40 inch screen. Sophie was leaned against the arm of the large couch, legs curled comfortable to the side and Lucas plumped the pillows and reclined against the other end, stretching out leisurely with his feet dangling off the side only inches from her. She scowled at him but he just wiggled his toes.





Sophie reached for the popcorn and settled it on his shins. It was a big couch. Lucas frowned.





“I can’t reach the popcorn.”





Sophie sniffed. “Sit up then.” She popped a few kernels into her mouth and munched with her eyes riveted to the screen.





“Sophie.”





“Shhh!” She said, hiding a grin.





“Pass me the popcorn.”





“No. Come and get it.”





He sat up really fast and grabbed the popcorn in one hand and a pillow in the other. Then he plumped it against her hip and lay down cushioned against her butt. She gave him an incredulous look which he ignored as he settled the popcorn on the seat in front of her and then he munched popcorn and watched the movie.





Sophie couldn’t help it, she chuckled. He peeked at her innocently.





“Comfy are we?”





“I think this is the best seat in the house.”





Lucas was riveted by the move and she couldn’t help watching him with his head practically on her lap. His hair was in his face and she longed to reach down and stroke it, pushing it gently back so that she could run her fingers along his temples and brow. He looked so at peace and so comfortable. And she was comfortable too. She liked feeling him so close to her that her feet were pressed to his stomach. Once his hand dipped down to rub them before he…eww…reached into the popcorn bowl again.





But no matter how wonderful the movie and company was, or even the promise of getting into the Jacuzzi again at midnight with a shirtless Lucas, by the time she had finished half of her beer, Sophie was sound asleep. The long ride, the walk into town and the relaxing movie had done her in even before the clock had struck ten.





Lucas reached for the remote and turned off the television. He placed the empty bowl of popcorn on the coffee table and then he carefully moved up the couch until he was positioned behind Sophie, spooning her soft body; his arms draped over her hips and his nose nestled into her neck and shoulder. He listened to her soft snores and then allowed the fatigue to pull him towards sleep as well.

Sophie felt comfortable and safe as she turned in her sleep. Her head nuzzled against his chest as her leg came up to drape over his. She distantly felt him pull her close and stroke her back. Soft lips were pressed against her forehead.





When Sophie woke she was alone on the couch and for a moment she lay there frozen. In growing alarm, she tried to re-play the events of the previous night. She’d slept with Lucas. Well in the most non-sexual sense; but they’d cuddled. Oh my god. How bad was that, to cuddle with a boy that had a crush on you and that you were trying to send a message of just purely platonic friendship?





Pretty bad.





But he had not tried anything…at least that she could remember. She relaxed. They’d just fallen asleep, and that was all there was to it. Feeling better, Sophie rubbed her gritty eyes and felt around on the table for her glasses. She could smell the good aroma of cooking bacon and fried potatoes. Her stomach got happy as she pulled herself up into a sitting position and looked around still feeling groggy. The popcorn and beer bottles had magically disappeared and she stumbled to her feed and made her way to the kitchen.





She stopped abruptly when she realized that she had drooled in her sleep and she quickly hurried to her room and it’s adjourning bathroom to freshen up. She figured that they would go out mountain climbing or rafting or zip roping; some such thing that scared her shitless. So she dressed in jeans and a hoodie.





Lucas looked up when she walked into the kitchen. He was standing in front of the stove scrambling eggs and grinned at her.





“I thought I heard you get up. Good morning. Breakfast is officially…” He spooned the eggs into two plates. “…ready.”





She looked at the prepared plate of bacon, eggs, fried potatoes and raisin toast. “You should have woke me up. I would have helped you cook,” she chided.





He grinned as he took his seat. “You can do the dishes.”





Breakfast was delicious and as he talked, Sophie didn’t think that he acted any differently after their cuddle session on the couch. She relaxed even more. He was talking about some of the ‘fun’ facts that he had discovered in the information packet they’d received when checking in. He informed her, in a very serious tone that they had to keep the garbage lid tightly secured because it would attract bears.





“Bears?!” She almost choked.





“Yeah. There are bears.”





“Well, there goes hiking in the woods.”





He nodded. “I agree. I don’t want to get mauled by a bear.”





“Or even a little raccoon.” She prompted. “If I see something moving around on all fours, I’m running!”





He grinned. “I’ll be right alongside of you.”





After breakfast, Lucas didn’t allow Sophie to do the dishes alone. They made short work of getting everything cleaned up and Sophie sighed, preparing to get her day started. She almost felt like a soldier going into battle.





“Okay, so what’s on the itinerary first?”





“Oh, I want to check out the WII. Are you up for a game of tennis?”





She beamed. “Hell yeah!”





Video games! Now that was the way to go. They went upstairs to the loft where the game consoles were located. It was awesome up there with the picture window that overlooked the Great Smokeys, the French doors that led out to a private deck and the way that the queen sized bed lay nestled into one nook of the large room.





Lucas got everything set up and he handed her a control. She’d never played WII before, but she had always wanted to try it.





It only took her 5 minutes to realize that this was like playing real tennis! The ball whizzed past her on the large screen and she growled.





“I hit that! This game is cheating!”





“Sophie, you have to move your arm. You can’t just flick at it. Let me show you.” He chewed his lips and served perfectly.





She scowled at the screen. “Okay, tennis is not my game. What else is there?”





He chuckled and ejected that game. “Dance dance revolution?” He asked while giving her a doubtful look.





She grinned. “Ah, what you don’t know is that I used to shake my groove thang in the clubs when I was about your age.”





“’Groove thang?’” he frowned.





“Just plug it in.”





When Lucas went through the list of songs, Sophie got excited when he read; We Are Family by Sister Sledge. He set the game to easy and five minutes later she was collapsed on his bed panting and sweating. But Lucas was really good at shaking his ‘groove thang’ and he kept going through that song as well as Celebration by Kool and the Gang. She liked watching him shake his groove thang.





She went to the bathroom and then got them bottled water and when she returned he was playing Guitar Hero.





Ah, now this was more her speed. She could sit down and play it!





They played video games for a couple of hours and then Lucas suggested that they relax before lunch. She smiled, liking the way he thought. They went out on the lower deck and got comfortable in the deck chairs overlooking the mountains. Lucas had turned on the stereo to play quietly. Sophie had brought her E-Reader and Lucas pulled out the laptop and together they sat quietly and at peace.





Sophie napped for a while and when she awoke, Lucas had already made sandwiches for lunch. He had wrapped hers in plastic and was munching his while he pecked away on the computer.





“Why are you working on your mini vacation?” She yawned. Lucas jumped and they both laughed.





“Sorry,” she apologized.





“Working in the Smokeys is about as good as working in the back yard. Besides, I want to finish up this one part while it’s stuck in my head.”





“Yeah, I know that feeling. Did you want any help with it?”





He went back to his typing. “No. I think I got it. Well…” He glanced at her. “…actually, if you wouldn’t mind reading it later, I’d appreciate it.”





“Sure. Not a problem. What are you writing?”





“Eric and Toya’s make up sex.”





“Oh.” She reached for the sandwich. “You want to tackle the sex scene?” she asked a bit surprised. She usually wrote them.





“Yeah.” He looked at her with a strange light in his eyes. “I want to try it but, if it sucks then tell me.”





“I’m sure it won’t suck.”





He offered her an appreciative smile before returning to his writing.





It was strange watching Lucas write a love scene. Sophie discreetly watched him more than she watched her e-book. Sometimes he would have such an intense look of concentration and other times he would just stare out at the mountains in total peace. She was aching to see what he was writing.





But then he just closed the laptop and gave her a smile. “Let’s go in and watch a movie.”





“Okay.” Sophie glanced at the laptop curiously.





This time Sophie scanned the movies until she saw something that interested her; Rocky. She beamed.





“Oh, they have Rocky! I love Rocky. Let’s watch this.”





“Oh man, yeah. That is a good movie,” he concurred and then went to the kitchen and retrieved snacks. When he returned he again took a pillow and propped it against her hip and got comfortable. He looked like he was perfectly at home there and Sophie chuckled inwardly and allowed her hand to smooth his hair before she folded it in her lap.





Lucas peeked at her when it got to the part of the movie where Rocky seduces Adrian. He could see by Sophie’s expression that she was caught up in the scene where Rocky would not let her leave because he knows that she wants him every bit as much as he wants her. She was just afraid; she just needed him to show her.





To Lucas, that is what this weekend represented; a way for him to show Sophie what she really wanted deep down.





When the movie ended she got up happily. “That is a great love story.”





Lucas picked up their snacks to return to the kitchen. “Most people don’t look at Rocky as a love story, but I agree with you. Oh, speaking of love stories, you want to read the love scene that I wrote?” He was placing the chips into the cabinet and tossing the empty bottles into the recycle bin for later disposal.





“Oh. Sure,” he heard her say. He smiled to himself.





Chapter 14





Lucas and Sophie settled on the couch. He’d turned off the television and not even music was playing. There was absolutely no sound but Lucas’ fingers tapping along the keys as he retrieved the file. Sophie watched curiously. And then he placed the laptop on her lap.





“Be honest, you won’t hurt my feelings,” he said. “I realize I’m new to this type of thing, but I’m really anxious.”





Sophie nodded, her cheeks warming at the double meaning behind his words. He stood up. “I’m going to marinate the salmon so that we can grill it for dinner.” He disappeared into the kitchen to give her privacy. The Asian marinade would take a while to make, which would give her more than enough time to read.





Sophie began to read. The scene began after Eric had discovered that Toya was planning to break up with him because of his mother. Eric had been secretly getting information from Toya’s best friend about how to get into her good graces and had discovered that she was coming over tonight to break it off once and for all.

On her way to Eric's she prepared herself for the onslaught. She knew that he wouldn't willingly let her go. But she knew that it was no longer his choice. She was ending it tonight.





Toya used her key and let herself into his apartment.





She froze at the flicker of what appeared to be a hundred candles! They ran the span of the entire room and set on every available surface.





One of her favorite Maxwell tunes was drifting from the speakers and he was singing about a beautiful brown skinned woman. Toya looked around, she didn't see Eric. She dropped her purse on the floor at the door and walked softly through the apartment glancing into the empty kitchen.





"No way," she said, feeling anger quickly envelope her. They’d been fighting like cats and dogs and she hoped that he was not lying naked in bed waiting for her, as if sex was the remedy to everything. Why couldn’t he understand that it had hurt her when his mother had pulled that stunt, and it hurt her when people looked at them together and seemed surprised and then confused. They were not the typical couple with his All-American good looks and her afro-centric ways.





She stormed into the bedroom prepared to tell him then and there that she was fed up. Eric was indeed on the bed, but he was sitting cross-legged wearing athletic shorts and an old t-shirt and concentrating very intently on playing the Maxwell tune on his guitar. He put it down when he saw her and he smiled.





"How do you like it?" There were more candles lighting his room. She tried not to feel anything. She closed that part of herself off.





"It’s pretty," she said simply.





He stood up. "Are you hungry?" He didn't wait for a response. "Come on." He walked past her and led the way into the living room. She followed.





He stopped at the armchair and gestured for her to sit. When she did he hurried away. She relaxed, eyes closing momentarily. Work had been busy and planning this break up had definitely added more stress to her day. She heard him return a moment later. He knelt carefully beside her, balancing a tray. On it was a white rose (not red, she noted), a glass of Rhine wine (her very favorite), slices of cheese (the good kind), a perfect bunch of green seedless grapes, a peach sliced and skinned and her favorite gourmet crackers.





Toya could feel her throat tighten as she took the tray from him. He leaned back on his haunches and quietly removed her shoes.





“Eat, baby. I’m going to rub your feet.” She felt his fingers begin to gently move along her instep. Toya bit back a moan of pleasure and took a sip of wine and then ate a slice of cheese. She closed her eyes savoring the flavor. How did he know that wine, cheese and grapes were one of her favorite indulgences? How did he always know these little things about her that made her knees weaken, or her heart open?





He watched her feet intently, not looking at her face as he worked magic on her. He brought her foot up to his lips and kissed each of her toes gently before placing it back onto his lap. Then he moved to her other foot and repeated the process.





Toya sighed, feeling the warmth spread up from her loins, tingling at her wrists, making her heart pump, knowing that she was getting turned on. But sex was not the remedy, she reminded herself as she looked at the curve of his back, such a big man that could be so gentle with her.





Eric moved his fingers from her foot and up her leg, gliding beneath her pants. His fingers gently kneaded her muscles as far as his hands could reach, which was only mid-calf.





He stood up and took the tray from her and set it on the floor. "Take those off." He commanded. It surprised her because he never made demands.





Slowly Toya stood and undid the button on her slacks. He took a step back to give her room and she lowered them and then removed them. He took her hand.





"Sit down," he said gently. She did looking at him confused.





Again he knelt before her feet and resumed his massage of her legs. He leaned forward, lifting her leg slightly as he added butterfly kisses along her calf, his fingers caressing her ankles.





Toya swallowed, her breathing becoming heavy. She glanced at the door. It was time for her to go if she couldn’t break up with him today. But she absolutely could not allow him to make love to her. That would undo her.





The flicker of the candles seemed to hypnotize her though, and the wine made her feel mellow, not to mention what the sound of Maxwell and the feel of Eric's lips was doing to her. Her eyes fluttered close as she felt his lips move up her leg. His tongue flicked out and left a moist trail along her inner leg from her ankle to her knee. He traced a line with his finger beneath her knee until she shivered with goose pimples.





Carefully he placed her leg to the floor and firmly spread her knees apart. Toya gasped when she felt his lips again but this time on her inner thighs; first one and then the other. He leaned back on his hunches and firmly pulled her legs until her body slid down the length of the chair and her bottom was partially hanging off.





Eric hooked his fingers into the waistband and pulled her panties off. He then wrapped an arm beneath of her legs and hefted each over his shoulders. Toya was so surprised by his uncharacteristic behavior that she just froze there on the spot, unmoving.





Eric buried his head between her thighs and lapped at Toya’s moist crease, the wetness and the musky scent of warm sex more telling than words. He heard a rush of air escape her lungs when his tongue parted her flesh, swollen now due to her arousal. He teased around her nub and felt her arch forward when his tongue skitted away before making contact. His hands on her thighs tightened, not allowing her to move, not allowing her to force her clit against his mouth. He took control and teased, flicking the bundle of nerves only enough to make her moan in need.





When he felt her legs trembling against his shoulders, only then did he allow himself to suck her clit. Toya cried out, her body seizing as an orgasm went crashing through her.





Later, when they had both caught their breaths, Eric sat back on his haunches and watched her as she laid sprawled in the chair with eyes no more than sexy slits. He reached for the wine, took a sip and then offered her the glass.





She sat up in the chair bringing her knees together almost primly and then took the offered glass. She finished the liquid and sat the empty glass back on the floor. Eric put his hands on her knees again and spread them.





Toya gasped. What was he doing? He came up on his knees between her legs and while placing his hands gently on her hips Eric claimed her lips. He kissed her sensually and with every ounce of love that he had for her.





Toya returned it unconsciously; their lips had always belonged together and it showed in the way that their tongues danced. Her arms came up to circle his neck and he possessively pulled her body against his with a soft moan. When she felt him pressing into her belly; hard like a steel rod, she felt her body contract as desire flamed within her anew.





Eric moaned again, but then pushed himself away from her. He ran his fingers down the sides of her arms, but then stopped himself and stood up, backing away from her.





Toya looked at him curiously. He was acting so odd, almost as if he knew what she had planned…





"I want you so much, Toya. I can't let this be the last time I make love to you." He got down on his knees again and she gave him a shocked look. "I have so much I want to show you, so many places that I want to go with you." He looked at the ceiling. She saw his adams apple bob as he swallowed. "I haven't...ignored your color, or accepted your color. I love your color...because I love you. It’s just a part of loving you. I don't think to myself that I love Toya, and oh by the way, she's black. I love your short hair and the way it tapers down the back of your neck. I love placing my mouth on your beautiful full lips and your pretty round nose. I love the way your hands feel on me, but also the way it looks in contrast to my skin. I like when you get mad and your voice gets that tone--like you're not going to take any shit from me or anybody else. Mmmmm,” he groaned, “and the way you move when you're dancing across the room." He smiled more to himself than to her.





"Toya, baby, I love you so very much. I can't promise you that no one will ever hurt you out there. I do know that the only way that THEY can hurt me, is by hurting you. I can promise that if somebody hurts you...I'll hurt them, worse." He looked at his hands. "But I can't make you love me. That’s one thing I can't do. I can't make you be in the same place that I am." He shook his head and stared at her hard. "I can't make you not give a damn about what others say, just because I don't."





Toya felt the tears that had been stinging her eyes finally drop down her cheeks. She spread the fingers of her left hand knowing that Eric would intertwine his with hers...and he did.





"Baby." He said, gently tugging her hand to make her look directly into his eyes. "I know that you're a person of few words when it comes to speaking from the heart. I know that you feel it but you don't say it--and that’s okay...Baby it’s okay with me when you don’t say you love me. But today...I have to know that we're in the same place at the same time."





Toya felt all of her fears swelling within her.





“I’ve fallen in love with you and I’m so scared.” His expression softened.





“Why?”





Falling in love meant being vulnerable to any number of things, rejection among them. And she’d been hurt so badly in the past. But being in love with a white man meant opening herself up to the possibility of being hurt on an even deeper level.





She opened her mouth and knew that she could tell him about the things that had hurt her so badly in the past, things that she had never told even Phyllis.





“When I was a kid I was so ashamed of myself. I thought I was ugly because my skin wasn’t just brown, it was black, and my hair wouldn’t grow long and curly. I was always the blackest girl wherever I went and back when I was a kid, dark skin was shunned even by black people. I got all of the jokes about being midnight, shadow, charcoal, tootsie roll.





“Then I just started paying attention to what it really meant to be black; to come from adversity, to have strength to keep going. My blackness wasn’t ugly. I began looking at pictures of beautiful black skinned people and saw something in them that no European person could ever have. I knew I was beautiful. If I didn’t know it then no one else would. And I became proud of how black my skin was.”





Eric smiled and even though her eyes were still wet with tears she smiled too.





“I think you’re the most beautiful person that I’ve ever met. And, baby, you can be black and proud and still be with me, because I’m never going to ask you to be anything but who you are.” He said simply.





She squeezed his hand in appreciation. “I guess someplace deep down inside of myself is that vulnerability that I thought I’d killed with my proud talk and natural hair and my hard attitude.”





She untwined their fingers from his and placed her hands on his cheeks, staring deeply into his eyes.





“I love you, Eric. I love you so much and I’ve wanted to say it so many times. But I couldn’t because then I wouldn’t be able to deny it to myself if everything between us ended badly. At least if I never said that I loved you I could be safe knowing that I never completely gave my heart. But it was a lie. I love you with all of my heart.”





Eric was shaking when Toya wrapped her hands around his neck and pressed her body against his again. Their kisses were hungry and passionate. He gripped her hips and pulled her pelvis to him, and then he rubbed his erect penis against her until the friction made him groan into her mouth.





She reached between them and grabbed him, her fingers firmly wrapped around his heavy cock. At the touch of her hand on him Eric took his own hand and wrapped it around hers, tightening her grip while his hips rocked back and forth and his moans filled the room as he fucked her fist.





Toya knew what she wanted then. She pushed him back until he was lying on the floor. Eric put his hands behind his head already picturing his beautiful woman riding him. But she surprised him when instead of mounting him she bent down to flick his hardened nipples with her tongue. He shivered his mouth parting. He watched as she trailed kisses down his body, pausing at his belly button long enough to dip her tongue languidly within its depths before continuing her journey.





Eric jerked in barely contained passion at the feel of her tongue on the trail of hair leading down to the bush of his pubic hair. He threw his head back and groaned in his throat when her lips met the base of his swollen cock.





She had never touched his cock with her mouth before and he didn’t know if he would be able to last if she closed her mouth over him.





Toya pushed back the foreskin, amazed at the sight of the newly exposed head and how purple and swollen it was. Eric’s pre-cum was oozing from the slit and her mouth watered in anticipation of her first taste of him.





Her tongue flicked out, and lapped up the salty sweet fluid. Eric’s back arched and he groaned. It took all of his strength not to grip her head and pump uncontrollably into her mouth. Instead he buried his hands into her short hair and fought to control his movements as her mouth finally closed over him





"I'm coming," he groaned urgently. “Baby, I’m going to come in your mouth!” He warned and tried to push her away but her head began to bob up and down faster as her mouth sucked harder.





With a loud cry, Eric’s hips jutted forward and he began rapidly fucking her mouth as he shot off.





He hadn’t lasted a minute.





When there was not a drop left, and his flaccid cock was licked clean, Toya moved on the floor to snuggle against his body and he pulled her to him, his strong arms making her feel very protected.





“Love you so much.” He murmured sleepily. Usually she just kissed him a response without speaking. This time she snuggled closer to him.





“I love you Eric James.”





Sophie sat there with the laptop in her lap. My god…was all she could think. Oh my god. Sophie quickly slid the laptop onto the couch and hurried into the kitchen. Lucas was whisking the dark liquid marinade in a plastic bowl. He raised his brow at her.





“Finished?”





Her mouth was hanging open. “You did it perfectly.”





He sighed. “Cool, I was hoping that speech Eric gave wasn’t too over the top.”





She was shaking her head adamantly. “You wrapped it up perfectly, Lucas. You captured everything and brought it together.”





He carefully poured some of the marinade into a gallon zip lock bag before commenting. “We are far from the end of the story.”





“Yeah, but we don’t have to focus on their racial differences any longer. That was tedious. Toya finally got some sense and is at least willing to admit that they are different and it’s okay. People are always going to look, but it shouldn’t matter to them what other people think!”





Lucas put down the bowl. “Do you really believe that?”





“Yeah! When I dated Tony, I never paid attention to the curious looks we got. Him being Italian…maybe caused him more problems, but,” she shook her head, “I just didn’t care.”





Lucas stared at her and Sophie suddenly realized how he took what she was saying. She could see in his look that he thought the only reason that she couldn’t fall in love with him was due to society; how others would perceive it.





She looked away from his hopeful expression. There were other boundaries that shouldn’t be crossed.





She grabbed the salmon out of the fridge and silently slipped it into the zip lock bag to marinate. Lucas gathered the dishes he’d just used and placed them into the sink. It was uncomfortable again; the quiet seemed to press down on her.





“I’m going to put some music on.” She didn’t know how to work the entertainment system and decided to just press play on the disc changer so that the music that Lucas had already selected began to play.





She cocked her head. “What’s this song?” Lucas was running water in the kitchen sink and turned to look at her.





“Radiohead. Do you like it?”





“It’s kind of strange. But it feels very…right in this place.”





“The owners have lots of Alternative music.”





She joined him in the kitchen again. “Is that what you listened to when you were at home?”





He nodded. “Mostly.”





“Do you…think about it? Home?”





He nodded. “It feels very far from where I am now.” He had a thoughtful look on his face when he turned to her again. “What about your childhood, Sophie?”





She looked surprised that he was asking her the questions now. “I had…a strange childhood. But yeah, I think about it.”





“Was it good?”





“For the most part, I thought so. It was just me and my Mom so it didn’t always feel as if she was my mother. Sometimes it was like she was my big sister or something. She was only 16 when she had me.” She had a distant look on her face. She pulled a towel out of the drawer and began to absently dry the dishes as he washed them.





He continued to watch her. “What about your Dad?”





Sophie shrugged. “I saw this man once. He came to the house and watched me from the doorway of my bedroom. I pretended to be asleep. I think I was three or four. I remembered the man had a big grey knit hat like Rasta’s wear and my mother was standing beside him. She closed the door. It was years later when I asked who he was and she told me that it was my father.





He frowned. “That was the only time that you saw him?”





She placed her hands on the sink, her body was stiff and so was her voice. “She told me that he didn’t want a baby. He was a kid too. He wanted her to leave me with my grandparents and run off with him. But she wouldn’t leave me and so he went off and she never heard from him again.”





Lucas was tempted to pull her into his arms but her posture let him know that it wouldn’t be welcomed. “Do you ever think about finding him?”





She shook her head. “No,” was her simple answer.





He nodded his understanding and then she nudged him out of the way so that she could plunge her hands into the dishwater since he was evidently taking too long to finish up the few dishes. He took a deep breath as he watched her.





“And what about your grandfather?”





She gave him a sharp look, but he saw pain flicker in her expression before it disappeared. “You mean Mouse’s grandfather?” Her tone was clipped.





“No, yours.”





She took so long to answer that he wasn’t sure if she would. “He molested at least one person in that family. But I wasn’t one of them.” After a moment she allowed the tension to release from her body.





She’d never talked to anyone about her feelings on this; not even Tony, especially not Tony. He couldn’t even stand up to his mother. How could she…expect anything more from him? But Lucas knew loss and talking to him wasn’t like being judged.





“I just…I don’t understand how you can love someone that has done something so horrible.” She wrung the dish sponge and then leaned against the sink and he mimicked her. “I was crazy about my grandfather. He was like the only father I ever had. He was always so happy whenever he saw me. His face would light up. And Lucas, he did not have a face that anyone would consider gorgeous. He looked like a great beast. He was dark with a shaved head and huge muscles even though he was old. And he had to have things a certain way; the way he looked, when he shaved his head, how Grandma had to keep the house.





“And that was just the way it was. I could always sense the respect that the family gave him, but later I realized that it was something else, also; fear. They were scared or intimidated by Granddaddy. One time Uncle Earl got drunk and they were all playing pool. This was during one of our Christmas gatherings. You always got drunk at Grandma and Granddaddy’s. Even the kids would drink the dregs left behind from Granddaddy’s home brew.





“But Uncle Earl wasn’t really one of my Uncles. He was just a friend of the family and I remember him and Granddaddy getting loud and Uncle Earl called him ‘Old Man.’ Granddaddy’s voice got loud; it boomed through the house and everyone got quiet. It wasn’t like; here is a fight, we’re going to watch. There was fear in the quiet. Uncle Earl wasn’t afraid because he had never been beat up by my Grandfather like my other uncle’s had. And you have to understand, Lucas. I had five uncles and they were big men. And I’ve never seen any of them refer to my grandfather as anything other than Daddy and using the most respectful tone.”





Sophie’s glazed eyes cleared and she focused on Lucas. “Why did…” She shook her head. “Why did they keep coming back for holiday, to visit, to…love him despite what he’d done to them?”





He shook his head. “I don’t know, Sophie. But you loved your grandfather, right?”





“Yes, very much so.”





“Then you have your answer. Deep down somewhere inside of you is the answer. Why did you keep going back?”





She gave him a steady look. “I didn’t. I was the only one to punish him by putting an end to my love for him.”





~***~





Lucas dried his hands on the seat of his pants and placed his hands on Sophie’s shoulders. “Does that bother you that no one else punished him?”





She swallowed past the lump in her throat. “I don’t know for certain whether my grandfather even noticed. I was nine years old. I just know that his face would light up at the sight of me, and even though all of my other cousins were around everyone knew that look was just for me. And I would just turn my head and I wouldn’t return his smile. And I never kissed him and I never went to him again.





“If my grandfather noticed he never showed it. He never made me treat him any certain way. He just…kept going and I kept going, too. But my Mama noticed. She didn’t say; ‘you don’t talk to Granddaddy anymore.’ She just looked confused.” Sophie shuddered and big drops of tears fell from her eyes.





She reached up quickly and touched her tear streaked cheeks in surprise. She gave Lucas a wide-eyed look. She never let anyone see her cry; ever. And these tears had come clear out of the blue.





“I’m sorry-” She tried to chuckle, embarrassed at her outburst.





Lucas pulled her into his arms. “It’s okay. You can cry. No one is going to judge you or think badly of you. Hell, I’m proud of you! Your grandfather…your grandfather-”





He heard a muffled sound that couldn’t have been what he thought he’d heard. It sounded like she said, ‘My father.’ Lucas’ head began to swim. His mouth fell open.





“Mama was a liar…” And then she was sobbing; hard chocking sobs that shook her body. “Because it wasn’t Aunt JoJo it was her…”





Jesus Christ…Lucas began to shake himself as he held onto Sophie’s wracking body. Jesus…





“Sophie, you’re okay. You weren’t bad. He was. You didn’t do anything wrong.”





She was sniffing and trying to stop crying but unable to do so as she hid her face against him. “He was supposed to…t-take care of them! He was their father…” She tried to catch her breath. “He took advantage of his position!”





Oh my god…he understood then. Sophie connected herself with her grandfather! Because she had taken him in, had set herself up in the role of his caregiver, she thought that by allowing herself to feel something for him would mean that she was like her grandfather. Or maybe she didn’t think that she was like him. Maybe she just couldn’t see that there was a difference. Sophie didn’t see that she wasn’t a person that would take advantage of someone; she just needed to allow herself to love him the way that he loved her and to know that together they would be clean and good; nothing they did together would be dirty.





“Oh, Sophie, baby. You are no monster!” He squeezed her, holding onto her tightly. “I love you because you are a beautiful person. You didn’t force me to love you! You didn’t ask me to! You didn’t trick me into it. Baby…I came to this feeling on my own!”





Sophie pulled back or tried to. Lucas kept hold of her arm as she looked at the blurred floor. “No…I can’t do this right now-”





“Face the man that loves you, Sophie; the way that you’ve faced your demons!”





She looked at him feeling faint. “Lucas…I know you’re a man and not a little boy. I get that. I even know that…”





“What?” He gave her body a firm shake. “Don’t clam up on me, Sophie. Talk to me baby, please!”





“You’re going to meet someone who is right for you; someone that you can start a family with, who won’t be freaking…sixty years old when you hit forty!”





“No.” He shook his head adamantly. “It’s not like that for me-”





“Find someone else. I’m not right for you! Please find somebody that will grow with you, Lucas, because I can’t. Don’t you get it?!” She sobbed uncontrollably. “I don’t want you!”





He felt like she had punched him in the stomach. “Sophie. Please don’t say that.” She pulled away from him. “I’m here for you. You can love me-”





She was shaking her head back and forth. “No! You’re not right for me, either. You’re not what I want, Lucas!”





Lucas stared at her and she met his eyes without flinching. He walked past her, slowly into the living room where he stared at the cold fireplace.





“It’s not your grandfather that you should be worried about turning in to.” His voice was low, but it rumbled from his body like a gentle volcano, or a terrible whisper. “You’re much more like Mouse’s Vincent. He threw her away--no, he threw YOU away, just like you’re throwing me away. Only he did it because he claimed that his mother and family wouldn’t accept an interracial relationship. But it’s really the same reason that you’re doing it; because you’re both afraid.”





He turned and looked at her and there was not a tear in his eye, but his face had lost all of its child-like qualities and Sophie almost cried out NO!





“One day I’m going to be more than a man that you can’t see; more than a man that was fucked by other men. I’m going to be more than a man that was forced.”





No…Sophie took a step forward. That wasn’t it at all! He took a step back; away from her.





She gave him a surprised look. “Lucas…”





He walked to the door but hesitated before opening it. “You know…I would have never asked you to abort our baby. I would have never turned my back on you. And I’m twenty-two years old and he was in his forties. Do you really think that age means anything?”





Lucas opened the door and closed it quietly behind him.





Sophie blinked rapidly, feeling as if she was going to black out. Lucas had left. Sophie ran to the door. Her hand hesitated at the knob.





If she opened that door than she was committing herself to being everything that he asked for and deserved in a partner. If she opened that door she would have to make and keep a pact with herself to be courageous, to be strong, and to love this man with every ounce of her being.





Sophie flung the door opened, hearing it crash against the wall.





“LUCAS!!” She ran down the two front stairs, and down the walkway. “LUCAS?!” She screamed out a choked sob.





He was already at the street and he turned. A frown had gathered his brow and his mouth was an unmoving line slashed into his face.





Sophie picked up speed and went running down the drive-way. “I want you!” She panted. “I want you I want you I want you!”





Lucas opened his arms and Sophie threw herself into them. He lifted her from her feet and spun her around. Her arms were around his neck and she clung to him as if her life depended on it.





“I love you, I love you, Lucas. I want you! And I love you!” She chanted.





“Sophie…” He said softly.





She pushed back from him and stared up into his face. “Do you love me? Say it. Say you love me.”





He smiled. “I love you Sophie. I love you so much and I want to be here with you today and tomorrow and forever if you let me.”





Her eyes searched his face and whatever she was looking for she found because her eyes lit up and she smiled along with him.





“The first time you looked into my eyes; back in the alley that very first night, I felt you in my heart. When I asked you to come inside for water, I didn’t know what that feeling was. But I knew that I could…see myself in you. By the time I found out that you weren’t a kid, it was too late. I’d already let you in. I never let anyone in.”





“So if you had known that I was an adult you would have never invited me in for that water?”





She was shaking her head. “No.” And then she relented a little. “But I would have brought it out to you…maybe. The point is, I wanted you and I was scared to want you.”





“When did you know that you wanted me?”





“In the hospital; when child services wouldn’t take you.” They both grinned at that. It would forever-more be their own private joke. “It was pretty close to love at first sight, Lucas.” His heart felt like it was swelling in joy. She placed her hands on his face. “I love you. And I’ve wanted you for so very long and I’m so sorry-”





He tried to tell her not to be sorry but she continued.





“-what you said in there is not something that matters to me.”





He watched her with no trace of his previous smile “I don’t want you to feel sorry for me, Sophie.”





“I feel sorry for the both of us. Because some really bad things have happened to us and you still want me and I still want you.”





He smiled and sighed and then he leaned forward and kissed her, finally; he kissed her and felt her enthusiastic response.





It was as if the world were standing still. There was nothing before, and there was nothing after; just the silent crash of two unmovable objects finally meeting. Lucas broke the kiss and gripped her arm, pulling her towards the house.





“Slowly,” he heard her speak. “We have all the time in the world.” He turned to look at her and in the setting sun with the mountains behind them; Lucas Reider fell in love all over again.





“You promise?” he croaked.





Her response was a step forward and a gentle kiss. Lucas’ arms went around her again and this time when he held her, he made time to enjoy the fullness of her body as it pressed against his and the feel of her hands as they caressed his back, and the way her lips felt against his. He took the time to slowly explore the depths of her mouth and the way her lips felt when his tongue slowly drifted across them. His knees nearly buckled when he felt her soft moan.





“I need you Sophie. Please let me make love to you.” She was shivering when she took his hand and led him into the house. He followed her up the stairs and his hands moved to her hips, he watched them sway as she took each step and his cock ached in his pants.





Sophie felt nervous when they reached Lucas’ bedroom. She desired him but there was a twenty year age difference and there was a fear in the back of her mind that he would be disappointed at what he saw. She was happy that the sun was setting and the only lights were what drifted in through the picture window.





Lucas quickly shed his shirt and kicked off his shoes, never taking his eyes from her. And she shyly pulled the hoodie from over her head and was sitting down to pull of her shoes when Lucas crossed the room, clad only in jeans. He knelt before her and slipped her shoes off. And then while he was on his knees he moved forward and placed his lips on the swell of her breast; that portion that peeked over her bra, layering each one with loving kisses.





Sophie shuddered and sighed. Her hands moved to his hair and she ran her hands through the strands, luxuriating in its silkiness. He looked up and came to his feet before her and undid his pants. They slipped down and she could see his loose fitting boxers and the prominent bulge that was so close to her face.





He swept his boxers off with no ounce of fear or shame and Sophie marveled at his chiseled beauty. His penis was heavy and thick and stood straight up, straining, it seemed, towards her. His shaft was darker than the rest of him, the way his nipples were brown instead of pink. His jet black thatch of hair stood out starkly against his pale skin. He wasn’t hairy and a light down covered his small testicles.





Sophie ran her hands up his thighs, barely believing that such a lean man could possess such an impressive penis. She looked up and met his eyes and he took her by the elbows and urged her to her feet. Lucas reached down to unfasten her pants and to push them down her thighs. She watched him as he removed them from her legs and when he came back to his feet she examined the way his eyes took in the sight of her in just panties and a bra.





His hands reached around to undo her bra and he took a step back and marveled at her breasts. She smiled finally. He liked what he saw. His words might lie but not the way his erect penis surged upward and let loose a drop of precum. She pulled off her panties and stood there allowing him to see her; all of her. It was the hardest thing she’d ever done, but she had to do it now, not later.





“Sophie,” he groaned. “I can’t wait any longer.” His eyes pleaded for her to make the next move. She reached out and wrapped her hand around his penis and Lucas fell into her and they both landed on the bed.





He moved her hand. He would come undone if she stroked him now. He gently placed her hands above her head while he moved to run his lips down her throat and over her collar bone until his tongue found her nipples, thick and tightly beaded. He groaned like a starving man feasting when he drew the hard nub into his mouth. Then he felt Sophie writhe beneath him and her soft groans filled the room.





He knew that she had said slow, but he couldn’t wait much longer. Her groans of pleasure; sounds that he had caused was too much. He nudged her legs apart and reaching down between them to run his fingers along her crease.





She was wet. He groaned again in pride that he had caused this in her.





She spread her legs further and arched upward and his fingers had no choice but part her silky flesh. Sophie moaned and he stroked her while lapping at her swollen nipples.





“Lucas…please! I can’t wait!” she cried out and he immediately came up on his knees over her and gripped his cock. He guided it carefully until it located her opening and Lucas pushed forward until the tip of him was enclosed by her tight canal. A hiss issued from Sophie and then her breath seemed to freeze in her lungs. Lucas thought he might have hurt her and he was about to pull out when she groaned loudly and brought her legs around his waist.





His eyes fluttered close as he sank himself deeper into her. He had never been inside of a woman, or anyone. It was so tight and so hot; his imagination could have never done justice to the actual feeling of being inside of someone. His mouth parted and he began thrusting in and out of her. Sophie’s moans of pleasure let him know that he was doing it right and he looked down at her and watched her face as it twisted in pleasure and the way her teeth gripped her lower lip, but especially the way her mouth flew open and she gasped in pleasure when he dipped his hips and plunged into her fully. He repeated that move three times in a row and felt her hands move suddenly to his shoulders where she dug her fingers into his flesh and began to wail out his name. Then he felt her body clench around his shaft and it was like there were hundreds of hands squeezing him.





Lucas cried out and the two of them came at once, pushing together and finding a rhythm, even in their frantic gyration. And then he exploded into her, shooting for so long that he didn’t think he’d ever stop. They were both quivering when he finally collapsed onto her body. He tried to push off and to roll away but she kept her legs wrapped around him and he had to be satisfied with just propping himself up slightly on one arm.





“Love you.” he panted and looked down into her face.





She smiled. “I love you.”





~***~





“What do we call ourselves?” She asked. They had made love once more and this time it had been slow and sensual with time to explore with lips and finger tips.





“We’re a couple,” he said, pleased with the sound of that.





“Yeah but do I call you my boyfriend, my lover, my man?” She was grinning but still partially serious. They were lying in bed, her head nestled against his chest while her hands twirled a lock of his hair.





He seemed to be quietly contemplating her question. “I rather like the word…fiancée.”





Her body jolted, he could feel it and he glanced down at her. She was staring at him with an opened mouth. After a moment she settled back down and rubbed her hand along his narrow chest.





“You asking me to marry you Lucas Reider?”





He chuckled. “You don’t take too well to hints so I guess I better just come right out and ask you.” She looked at him with twinkling eyes and he could see it despite her glasses and despite the fact that there was nothing but moonlight and starlight.





“Sophie Baxter, will you marry me?”





She stared at him and he could see the love evident in her face. “Don’t you think we should wait…until after we’ve been dating for more than an hour?”





Lucas took her hand and intertwined their fingers. “I’ve known you for half a year. It only took me 1 minute without you to see that I don’t want to spend even a second apart.”





She watched him intently, her thumb moving along his knuckles.





“That was the longest minute of my life; when I thought I didn’t have you anymore. Yes, I’ll marry you.”





His breath came out in a rush. “I’m not dreaming am I?”





Sophie leaned forward and met his lips, her hand moved down his body. He closed his eyes and groaned. Her hand closed around his shaft and found it half hard. It surged to full hardness immediately.





“I’ll never get tired of feeling you do that,” he groaned.





Sophie placed her leg over his and straddled him. He gave her a surprised but pleased look. She was so beautiful. He knew that she thought of herself as overweight, but all he saw was a mature woman with a full figure. Her curves meant that there was more for him to cuddle, and he couldn’t take his eyes or keep his hands off her breast. They were big and heavy and he loved lifting them in his palms and feeling their weight.





She was perfect.





He watched her with hooded eyes. “Make love to me, Sophie.”





She groaned at his words and the feel of his hands cupping her breasts. He looked so decadent lying there beneath her with his damp hair in his eyes and his cheeks flushed from sex.





She reached beneath them and aimed his cock at her entrance. Her heart was thudding. She couldn’t believe that she was preparing to do it for the third time tonight. But her body couldn’t seem to get enough of him. He was so incredibly sexy.





She lowered herself on him and just like the two previous times he stretched her walls causing her to gasp at how much he filled her. His hips jutted forward and his lips parted as his eyes glazed.





“That’s it, baby, just like that,” he groaned.





She twirled her hips, her body remembering the moves that she hadn’t done in more years than she cared to calculate. He sucked in a breath and then gripped her hips. He thrust upward repeatedly and she leaned forward planting her hands on his shoulders so that she could brace herself as she bounced her ass over him.





He leaned forward and captured her bouncing breasts, squeezing one as he sucked the other. “God, you’re so hot…” She whimpered when she felt the final electrical surge pass through her core.





“I’m going to come!”





He released her nipple long enough to cry out. “Yes! Come, Sophie, come with me!” And then she felt his warm semen spilling inside of her once more. I am filled with this man, she thought; inside I’m filled with his seed.





The two dragged themselves to the bathroom on weakened legs and showered. Lucas washed her body and when his hands passed over her pelvis he looked at her mysteriously.





“Sophie…we didn’t use any condoms...”





“Don’t worry, my cycle just ended so I’m safe.”





“Oh,” he said simply and then she heard him sigh.





They went downstairs and Lucas started the grill. They were both starving and didn’t want to wait for potatoes to roast so Sophie nuked them and pulled out a ready salad pack and put hefty amounts on each plate.





Lucas was staring at the stars when she came out with the salmon. He gestured her over to the railing and she placed the bag of marinating fish on the table. He placed his arms around her waist and together they stared out at the night sky.





“I’ll never forget this moment.” He murmured. “I’ll never be more happier than I am at this very minute.” She hugged him.





Chapter 15





“That’s it, babe. The End. Finished. Finito.” Lucas pressed save on the word document and Sophie beamed proudly. Their chairs were pushed together in the office and Lucas turned to her and hugged her tightly as she ran her fingers through his hair.





“Ahead of schedule. Candace should be proud.” He leaped up, surprising her, and then rushed to the kitchen.





“We need to celebrate!” He came back with a bottle of champagne and two glasses.





“Where…?”





“I hid it in the back of the fridge.”





He pulled the cork from the bottle and poured two overflowing glasses of champagne. He handed her one but she wouldn’t take it. She had a strange look on her half smiling face.





“I…can’t.”





He frowned. “What? Why?”





She stood up and walked across the room. “I was going to wait to tell you after I went to the doctor, but…well; it’s a time to celebrate.” She turned around and faced him. “I’m pregnant, Luke.”





The glass of wine went crashing to the floor and Lucas didn’t even notice. “Pregnant…”





Her smile fell away. “We’re going to have a baby.”





His eyes studied her face and he stepped forward, onto the glass, not hearing it crunch beneath his shoes. He reached out and pulled her into his arms, lifting her from her feet. Her arms went around his neck.





“You’re going to have my baby?” His voice was amazed.





She smiled. The last time she’d said those words to a man he’d said, no. No no no, this can’t be happening. She kissed the man she loved.





“Yes.”





“How? I thought we, you…” When they had returned from their mountain weekend, Sophie had gotten on the pill.





“I guess I wasn’t as safe as I thought. I think it happened when we were still on the mountain.”





That was nearly three months ago. Now he was nearly frantic with the need to get married. They had decided to hold off on any wedding plans until the book was finished. Lucas felt better if he had money to contribute, but now he just wanted his woman and his baby to have his name.





“We gotta get married, babe!” He placed her back down on her feet lightly.





She chuckled. “We have several months. Okay, sweetheart?”





And then he chuckled with her. “Finished my first novel, find out I’m going to have a baby AND I have the most wonderful woman in the world.” He ran his shaking hands through his hair. “This is probably the best day of my life.”





She looked momentarily sad.





“What?”





“Nothing.” She tried to smile.





“Sophie, don’t do that. What’s wrong?”





“I’m forty-three years old. I’m…” she sighed. “I’m the product of incest. Maybe I have some chromosomal damage.” Tears suddenly wet her eyes. “Maybe…we shouldn’t get too excited…”





Lucas pulled her into his arms. “Don’t think like that. We’ll see a doctor and we’ll wait to see what he says, okay?” She nodded. “I love you Sophie, no matter what, and this is still the happiest moment of my life.”





~***~





“I’m so bored!” She was on forced bed rest and had been for the last four weeks. She had nearly eight more weeks until she was due to give birth but didn’t think she’d be able to stay in bed one more hour let alone 8 more weeks!





Lucas passed her the e-reader and she threw it across the bed. He sighed and picked up the device and placed it on the bedside table.





“Do you want to watch a movie?”





“No.”





“Do you want the laptop? You haven’t blogged in a few days.”





She shook her head. “I want to make love.”





He sighed and felt his dick twitch. “I do, too, babe. You know I do. It’s been weeks since we’ve made love. But it’s not safe for the baby.”





“I’m horny,” she pouted. Now his dick was extremely hard.





“You’re making me crazy.”





“I’m sorry.” And then tears popped into her eyes. “I’m just so tired.”





Lucas crawled into bed. “Shh. I know. Open your legs.”





Her eyes went wide. She was lying beneath a warm fleece blanket wearing just a gown even though it was mid-day. Why get dressed when all she could do is lay in bed? She didn’t ask him to repeat himself, she moved her legs until she was spread eagle on the large bed.





Lucas pulled the covers back and nestled himself between his wife’s thighs. He loved looking up over the mound of her belly and seeing her lust filled eyes. He gave her a grin and then he parted her moist folds and lapped and sucked her until she came yelling out her pleasure.





And when she was panting and satisfied, Lucas sat back on his haunches and pulled out his stiff cock and then he jerked it while she watched. He collapsed next to her and intertwined their fingers together.





“Can we do that every night?” She asked breathlessly.





“Well…let’s talk to the doctor first about it.”





~***~





They did not have to wait eight weeks. Their son was born four weeks early; healthy and beautiful. He had pale skin and a shock of black hair just like his father. Sophie cried when she looked at her beautiful son.





While they were in the hospital, Lucas would hold him in the palm of his hands and stare at him, marveling at the little replica of himself.





And when he brought them home, Lucas tucked Sophie into bed and then placed his son into the cradle that he had set up in the office. Soon they would be moving into their new home. He would have liked to have moved his family in as soon as they were released from the hospital, but it just wasn’t ready. And besides, Sophie would have wanted to be in charge of the move and something like that was just too stressful during the last weeks of her pregnancy.





Candace had signed him to a three book deal to continue writing Ned’s story for Clarion Press. The stories would be geared for the Hispanic readers and he found himself again in the predicament of writing about something he had never experienced.





But with the money from the book deal, he had enough money to start the construction of their new home; including an outdoor kitchen, a gazebo and a large sunny room that would serve as a double office for the both of them. Even though Sophie had not renewed her contract with Clarion, she and Lucas wanted to continue to write together. Sophie planned to E-Publish and had several offers from prominent companies.





He wanted to write a story, but not for Clarion. He wanted to write it for Sophie, for his son, but mostly for himself. Lucas pulled up a fresh Word doc page and didn’t think. He just allowed the words and memories to come to him.





CRASH

By Lucas Reider

There was no beginning and there is no end. There is just the moment when everything comes crashing together, and that is where it started.





Lucas was lying on the hard ground; the cold wet concrete scratching into his cheek. The grunts of the man raping him, and the encouraging noises of the man holding him down were the only sounds that could be heard in the darkened alley. The other man had already done him and was now keeping him immobile by pinning him to the ground; his knee buried deep into Lucas’ narrow back while his big paws bore down on his wrists. It hurt to move, so he didn’t. It hurt to think, so he didn’t…





THE END





About the Author


~***~

Pepper Pace writes romance stories with steamy eroticism, humor and warmth. She enjoys writing, as well as reading about unlikely romances and interracial relationships. Her characters are painfully real and just like in reality, sometimes their stories make you cry, sometimes they make you laugh and when Pepper turns up the passion it becomes very steamy!





She has described her stories as ‘out of the box’ because she is intrigued by the unusual. Stories about perfect people offers very little excitement for Pepper, which is why she has woven a world rich with anti-heroes, the insecure, the angry but always redemption.





Pepper lives in Cincinnati Ohio with her teenage son and daughter…as do most of her characters.





Visit Pepper’s blog at http://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/



Awards

~***~

Pepper Pace is a popular author on Literotica.com. She is the winner of the 11th Annual Literotica Awards for 2009 for Best Reluctance story, as well as best Novels/Novella. She is also recipient of Literotica’s August 2009 People's Choice Award, and was awarded second place in the January 2010 People’s Choice Award. In the 12th Annual Literotica Awards for 2010, Pepper Pace won number one writer in the category of Novels/Novella as well as best Interracial story.





