		 			 				Love is the sweetest song of all…

				Gentle and compassionate teacher Janae Simms isn’t looking for love—her heart has been broken one too many times, and she doesn’t intend to relive that kind of pain. So when her best friend convinces her to let loose and attend a concert featuring R & B sensation Monte, all Janae expects is an evening of music and fun. But as soon as she hears his smooth, honeyed voice and they share a moment together backstage, Janae fears her heart is in danger once again.

				Terrence “Monte” Campbell has been hurt by women seeking his wealth and celebrity instead of the man he truly is. So music is his only passion, until he meets Janae. He struggles to maintain emotional distance, but her tender sensuality and caring ways tempt Terrence as no other before. And one sizzling night, they both give in to their desires and explore all of the erotic promises between them. Is Janae really the one for Terrence, or just another disappointment waiting to happen? Can he finally let go of the past and embrace the idea of their loving future?





		 			 				“You feel this, don’t you?”

				“No…I… Yes.” Janae gently extricated her hand from his then took several steps backward. Being close to him short-circuited her brain, and she needed to think. Hadn’t she decided that men were only good for fantasies? He would definitely fit right in…okay, he would top the fantasy list. But that was all this could be—a really, really nice fantasy. No way would she allow herself to get caught up in a man who probably had women by the dozen. Besides, as a teacher, the last thing she needed was a parent seeing her face splashed across a tabloid under some crazy heading like Teacher Caught in Threesome with Popular Music Star.

				He closed the distance between them. “Janae?”

				When she glanced up at him, something flashed in his eyes and, before she could blink, he covered her mouth in an explosive kiss that stole her breath and weakened her knees. She was totally unprepared for the feel of his mouth on hers. The kiss was gentle, but infused with a passion and need she didn’t understand. Suddenly, a longing she’d never experienced took over her body.

				She pulled away sharply. “I…I have to…go.”

				“No, don’t go.” He scrubbed a hand down his face. “I’m sorry. Please. Stay.”

				She eyed him warily and clutched her chest, trying to control her runaway heart.





		 			 				Books by Sheryl Lister

				Harlequin Kimani Romance

				Just to Be with You

				SHERYL LISTER

				has enjoyed reading and writing for as long as she can remember. When she’s not reading, writing or playing chauffeur, Sheryl can be found on a date with her husband or in the kitchen creating appetizers and bite-sized desserts. She holds a B.S. in occupational therapy, and post-professional M.S. in occupational therapy from San Jose State University. She resides in California and is a wife, mother of three and works as a pediatric occupational therapist.





		 			 				Just to

Be With

You

				Sheryl Lister





		 			 				Dear Reader,

				I have enjoyed reading Harlequin romances since I was a young 					teen, when I used to sneak them from my mother’s stash. I never imagined I would 					someday be given the opportunity to join the Harlequin family of authors.

				I am also a huge music fan. One day, while listening to one 					of my favorite R & B balladeers, an idea sparked in my mind, and Terrence 					“Monte” Campbell was born. He’s not big on love, but he’s about to have his 					world turned upside down by Janae Simms. The caring schoolteacher challenges 					everything the confirmed bachelor has ever believed and teaches him a lesson in 					love he won’t soon forget.

				I hope you enjoy Terrence and Janae’s journey to falling in 					love. I sure did! Stay tuned for Karen’s story.

				Please share your thoughts with me at www.sheryllister.com, on Facebook (Author Sheryl Lister) or 					on Twitter (@1Slynne).

				Blessings,

				Sheryl





		 			 				For my mother, Mary Phillips (1940–2009), the first reader and 					fan of my stories, and who encouraged me to write.



				Mom, I finally wrote that book!

					To My Heavenly Father,

thank you for loving me 						unconditionally.

I will bless the Lord at all times;

His praise 						shall continually be in my mouth

[Psalms 34:1 NKJV]



				To my very own hero, Lance Lister,

I love you more than 					you’ll ever know. Thank you for your love and unwavering support.



				To my beautiful daughters, Brandi, Maia and Riana,

I love 					you. You make me proud to be your mom.



				To my family (especially my father-in-law, who has read every 					story), Janette and the Friday morning hair shop ladies, and friends,

thank you for your love, encouragement and support.



				To author Beverly Jenkins,

thank you for graciously 					sharing your wisdom and answering my many questions about writing.



				To my wonderful agent, Sarah E. Younger,

thank you for 					your tireless efforts on my behalf.

				To my editor, Rachel Burkot, and the entire Harlequin Kimani 					Romance team,

thank you for the opportunity.





		 			 				Contents

				Chapter 1

				Chapter 2

				Chapter 3

				Chapter 4

				Chapter 5

				Chapter 6

				Chapter 7

				Chapter 8

				Chapter 9

				Chapter 10

				Chapter 11

				Chapter 12

				Chapter 13

				Chapter 14

				Chapter 15

				Chapter 16

				Chapter 17

				Chapter 18

				Chapter 19





		 			 				Chapter 1

				“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this,” Janae Simms muttered.

				“Oh, please.” Her friend Karen Morris waved her off. “You can’t tell me you’re not a little bit excited about seeing Monte in concert?”

				She sighed. “His music is nice, but you’re the one who has all of his CDs. And I don’t know why, if the concert is tonight, we need to spend the entire weekend in San Francisco. Seems like you should have brought your boyfriend instead of me.”

				“Andre is working, and it’s not like you have anything else to do.”

				“I have a ton of lesson plans to do.”

				“So do I, but you need to see outside sometimes—and I mean someplace other than that elementary school playground. Now repeat after me. I’m going to have a good time.”

				Janae rolled her eyes. She turned back to see Karen still waiting. “Fine. I’m going to have a good time,” she grumbled. They continued walking toward the jazz club.

				Karen shook her head and laughed. “Girl, we’re going to have a ball.”

				“Where are we sitting?”

				Karen wiggled her eyebrows. “You’ll see.”

				They passed a line of people waiting to enter and went inside. “Shouldn’t we get in line, Karen?”

				“No. Our tickets are for reserved seating. That line is for those with general seating tickets. I wanted us to get a real good seat.”

				She waited while Karen gave her name to the attendant at the will call desk. He located and handed her their tickets.

				Janae had only been to the jazz club once, but liked the intimate feeling. The floor level featured three rows of tables for four, while the upper levels had a choice of tables or booths. Even the balcony seating offered great views. There wasn’t a bad seat in the house.

				“Enjoy the show,” he said.

				When they entered the seating area, Janae stopped short, surprised to see that they had floor seats in the second row, dead center. No more than ten feet separated them from the stage. “Um, Karen, these seats are kind of close to the stage, don’t you think?”

				“Of course. Girl, I want to be close enough to that fine man to see his sweat. Monte is a walking chocolate fantasy.”

				She chuckled at the description, but Karen did have a point. Monte would be an excellent fantasy man, which was where she decided men belonged. In fantasies, hearts didn’t get broken—something she would never let happen to her again.

				Janae scanned the crowded room. Efficient staff moved through throngs of people, serving food and drinks, as music poured through hidden speakers and animated chatter filled the air. The lights went down, and as soon as he hit the stage, Monte’s voice immediately captivated her. Whether one of his sexy ballads or an up-tempo number like the current song, the man’s smooth baritone stirred something deep within her. She closed her eyes, nodding in time with the beat as he sang song after song.

				Karen tapped her excitedly. “He’s getting ready to come down into the audience.”

				“What?” Janae’s eyes snapped open. She glanced up in time to see Monte exit the stage through a door on the left side, and watched as women stood from their tables and tried to gyrate their bodies against his when he passed. He smiled and shook some hands, but didn’t linger. As he neared their table, Karen pulled Janae up from the chair.

				“Here he comes.” Karen stretched out her hand, then screamed when he reached out to touch it.

				Since Karen held on to her arm, Janae couldn’t sit, but hoped the sexy singer would keep going.

				Nope, no such luck. Instead, he actually stopped in front of her, reached down to bring her hand to his lips. The moment he touched her, electric shocks shot up her arm and through her body. Her gaze flew to his and she snatched her hand back. His eyes widened. She thought she saw surprise cross his features, but it was gone so fast, she might have imagined it. She glanced around to see if anyone had noticed what happened, but Karen was still swooning. As for the other couple at their table, the guy was too busy trying to pull his screaming date back down into the chair to notice her. Janae dropped into the chair, then stared down at her still-tingling hand. Clenching her fist, she willed the sensations to stop.

				Maybe she was crazy. Maybe she only imagined the spark. Right? She chanced a glimpse in his direction as he walked back toward the stage door and, as if he sensed her perusal, he stopped to glance over his shoulder. His eyes locked with hers for a brief moment, and something unnamed passed between them. Something within his dark, magnetic gaze pulled her in and wouldn’t let go. She shook her head to clear it, but couldn’t resist another peek. He stopped to talk to someone for a moment, nodded in her direction, then climbed back onto the stage.

				He sang another song, a beautiful ballad about a love worth waiting for. Although she enjoyed the lyrics, she knew only few people were fortunate enough to find that kind of love. As soon as the last note faded away, the man she’d seen Monte talking to came out onto the stage.

				“Is everybody enjoying the show so far?” Thunderous applause and screams followed. He waited a few seconds before continuing. “Tonight, we have a special treat. At the conclusion of the show, two of you will be invited backstage to meet the band and get autographs and pictures with Monte.” More shouts followed, as did a drumroll. He shook the bag in his hand, then pulled out a slip of paper. “The lucky winners are seated at table fourteen, seats C and D. At the end of the show, please proceed to the door at the left of the stage and present your ticket stubs.”

				Karen screamed again. Janae thought she’d really gone around the bend this time.

				“Janae, did you hear that? Two people are going backstage after the show.”

				“Yeah, okay. Calm down. People are staring,” Janae whispered, glancing around.

				“Girl, didn’t you hear the table and seats?” She took the ticket stub out of her purse. “Look. We’re the ones going backstage.”

				Janae gasped sharply, whipped her head around to find Monte’s eyes waiting. A slight grin curved his mouth. She arched an eyebrow.

				By the time the concert ended, she was a nervous wreck. Her palms had dampened, and her heart thundered in her chest. How in the world could she get through another encounter with him? Never had she felt such sensations from a simple touch in her entire life. Karen, on the other hand, couldn’t stop bouncing in her seat.

				“Ooh, I can’t wait to be up close and personal with Monte. Rich milk chocolate skin, dark brown eyes that seem like they can see clear to your soul, sexy, full lips framed by that goatee. And let’s not forget that X-rated body—over six feet of rock...hard...muscle. Can you imagine what it would feel like to run your hands all over that body?”

				“Um, Karen, what about Andre? You know, your boyfriend.”

				Karen waved a dismissive hand. “Let’s go. The crowd is emptying out.”

				Janae sighed, but followed her to the side door where the same man who had made the announcement greeted them.

				He checked their ticket stubs, then smiled. “Please come in. My name is Donovan Wright.” He shook their hands and gestured them up the steps where he introduced them to the band members and, finally, to Monte.

				Following Karen’s lead, Janae politely shook each of their hands, but when it came time to shake Monte’s hand, she hesitated. Go ahead, girl, and shake the man’s hand. It was probably just a fluke, she chastised herself. As soon as their hands touched, she felt it again. She tried to pull her hand back, but he tightened his grip.

				The way he stared at her confirmed that (1) she hadn’t imagined the electricity between them, and (2) he felt it also—it was as real as the man standing in front of her.

				“It’s nice to meet you, Miss...?”

				“Simms. Janae Simms,” she answered softly.

				“Janae. I like that.” He gestured to two chairs. “Why don’t you ladies have a seat?”

				The band members drifted out to the restaurant area until only Donovan remained. “I’m going to get a drink from the bar. Can I get you ladies something?” he asked.

				Janae declined.

				“Actually, I have to go to the ladies’ room, so I’ll follow you out. Be right back, Janae,” Karen said.

				Janae noted the amusement on her friend’s face. Her eyes offered a silent plea, but Karen merely smiled, then sailed out behind Donovan. Her gaze swept over the small space crowded with instruments, cases and wires. When she turned back, Monte sat studying her as if he were trying to figure something out.

				He leaned back in his chair, stroked his goatee and stared at her so long she became uncomfortable. She shifted in her seat. “Do you do this often?”

				He continued to stare.

				“Maybe I should be flattered or something, but I’m not some groupie.” She stood, adding softly, “This was a bad idea. I think I should go.”

				He jumped up from his chair. “Wait,” he said, coming to stand in front of her. “No, I don’t.”

				“Excuse me?”

				“You asked if I do this often. I’m assuming you meant invite women backstage. The answer is no. In fact, I’ve never, ever done this before.”

				“As popular as you are, you really expect me to believe that?”

				“Honestly. I’ve never liked the groupie scene, so no one has ever been allowed back here in all the eight years I’ve been touring. We do all of the signings in the lobby.”

				“Why now?”

				He covered her hand with his. She immediately felt the warmth again.

				“This is why.”

				Janae gasped softly, her hand trembling in his. Why did this happen now, and with this particular man? She tried to get her hand back, but like the other time, he wouldn’t let go.

				“You feel this, don’t you?”

				“No... I... Yes.” Janae gently extricated her hand from his and took several steps backward. Being close to him short-circuited her brain, and she needed to think. Hadn’t she decided that men were only good for fantasies? He would definitely fit right in...okay, he would top the fantasy list. But that was all this could be—a really, really nice fantasy. No way would she allow herself to get caught up in a man like him who probably had women by the dozen. Besides, as a teacher, the last thing she needed was a parent seeing her face splashed across a tabloid under some crazy heading like Teacher Caught in Threesome with Popular Music Star.

				He closed the distance between them. “Janae?”

				When she glanced up at him, something flashed in his eyes, and before she could blink, he covered her mouth in an explosive kiss that stole her breath and weakened her knees. She was totally unprepared for the feel of his mouth on hers. The kiss was gentle, but infused with a passion and need she didn’t understand. Suddenly, a longing she’d never experienced took over her body. She pulled away sharply. “I...I have to...go.”

				“No, don’t go.” He scrubbed a hand down his face. “I’m sorry. Please. Stay.”

				She eyed him warily and clutched her chest, trying to control her runaway heart.

				“Please. I just want to talk. Sit down, okay?”

				Janae sat. He wisely took the chair farthest from her. She kept making furtive glances toward the door, hoping to see Karen so they could leave. An awkward silence settled over the room.

				He cleared his throat. “So, Ms. Simms, I couldn’t help but notice your necklace. An apple? It’s very unique.”

				“It was a gift from one of my students. I teach an elementary special education class,” she answered with a nervous smile.

				“That must be challenging. What grade?”

				“Fourth and fifth grades, and yes, it can be very challenging, but I love it.”

				“Do you live here in San Francisco?”

				“No, about an hour and a half away in San Jose. Where do you live?”

				“Los Angeles.”

				Before he could ask her another question, Karen returned with Donovan trailing behind her. Finally.

				“Did you get your CD autographed yet, Janae?” Karen asked, reclaiming her seat.

				“We hadn’t gotten around to that yet,” Monte answered. “Janae told me about her teaching. Do you teach, Ms. Morris?” He accepted the cup of tea from Donovan. “Thanks.”

				“Yes, fourth grade. We teach at the same school.”

				Janae retrieved the CD booklet from one of Monte’s projects out of her purse. “It’s getting late, Karen. We should let Monte sign our CDs and leave. I’m sure he’s tired.” She held out the booklet.

				Monte took it, smiling knowingly. “Ms. Simms mentioned you live in San Jose. Are you ladies driving back tonight?”

				“Goodness, no,” Karen said. “We’re staying the entire weekend.”

				“Any big plans?” he asked after taking a sip of his tea.

				“Nothing really big,” Karen said. “We’ll hit Ghirardelli Square, Pier 39, and maybe do one of the sunset cruises.”

				Janae listened as Karen excitedly shared their plans. Monte smiled between sips of his tea.

				“Sounds like a good time,” he said. “I’ve been to San Francisco several times, but never stayed here long enough to go sightseeing. A sunset cruise might be fun.”

				“Don’t you have another show tomorrow?” Janae asked. She needed to get away from this man—fast—and didn’t want him getting any ideas.

				A slow grin made its way across his face. “As a matter of fact, that was my last show for the next three weeks. I’m due for a little R & R.” He set his cup down. “I have a great idea. Would you ladies like some company tomorrow? Donovan and I would love to explore the city with you...that is, if your significant others don’t mind.”

				“Hey, that sounds great,” Karen said. “That’s definitely not a problem for me.”

				Monte stared intently at Janae. “What about your boyfriend, Ms. Simms?”

				“I don’t have a boyfriend,” she answered, holding his gaze.

				“Great. What time should we meet? We can come to your hotel.” When they finished making plans, Monte reached in his bag and pulled out a pen. “Let me sign your CDs so you can get going. It’s getting pretty late.”

				Janae hopped up. “I agree.” He signed the one she’d brought, and she stuck it back in her purse.

				Karen whipped out the booklets for all six CDs. Janae rolled her eyes. Monte laughed as he signed each one.

				“What? If I’m going to see the man, I might as well get them all signed,” Karen said with her hands planted on her hips.

				“It’s okay. I don’t mind.” Monte handed them back.

				“Don’t we get pictures, too?” Karen asked, holding up her phone.

				Janae groaned inwardly.

				“Most definitely. Donovan, would you please do the honors?”

				“Sure.” Donovan took the phone. “Ms. Simms, would you like to give me your phone or camera?”

				Janae handed her phone to him reluctantly.

				“All right. I’ll take one of you both with Monte on each phone, then take an individual shot on your respective phones. Will that work?”

				They nodded and went to stand next to Monte. Janae pasted a smile on her face, hoping it looked genuine. She was fine until it came time for her to take a picture with Monte alone, especially when he moved his body closer to her and tossed his own phone to Donovan.

				“Ooh, this is going to be a good one, girl,” Karen cooed, snapping the picture on her phone.

				Once they finished taking pictures, Monte and Donovan insisted on walking them to their car. Monte stood so close to her while walking, Janae could feel the heat emanating from his body. She quickened her strides. When they finally reached the car, she promptly got in, released a shaky breath, then gave a tiny wave as they backed out of the lot.

				“All right, girl. You’ve got some ’splaining to do,” Karen said as she drove them to the hotel.

				“What’re you talking about?”

				“Please don’t insult my intelligence. I want to know what’s going on between you and Mr. Chocolate Fantasy. And don’t say it’s nothing. I saw the way he looked at you. Why do you think I tried to give you two a minute?”

				“I don’t know, but whatever game he’s interested in playing, I’ll pass. Besides, I’ve sworn off men. He’s a millionaire music mogul and can have any woman he wants. What could he possibly see in a schoolteacher? I hope he doesn’t think I’m some little groupie he can have a weekend fling with and then go about his merry way.” Janae frowned. “And then you had to go and invite him to spend tomorrow with us.”

				“Sorry, but I wasn’t passing up what might be my only chance to hang out with someone who’s famous. And why couldn’t he be attracted to a schoolteacher? Contrary to what you believe, I don’t think he sees you as a groupie. As a matter of fact, from everything I’ve read about him or seen, he doesn’t really do the whole groupie scene. He’s never been linked to any scandals, baby mama drama or anything. Besides, it’s time for you to come out of hiding. Not all men are jerks like Carter and Lawrence.”

				“I know that,” she snapped.

				“Good. Then give Monte a chance.” Karen shrugged. “If he acts like a jerk, we can toss him off the Golden Gate Bridge.”

				“You’re a mess. What would I do without you?”

				“Possibly miss your love connection.”

				Janae grunted. “Whatever.”

				* * *

				As soon as the car pulled off, Donovan rounded on him. “Okay, Terrence, what the hell is going on with you? It’s a good thing no one asked to look in that bag. It would’ve been hard to explain why there was only one ticket.”

				Although Donovan was one of the few people close enough to call him by his first name, he only did so when they were alone. Terrence “Monte” Campbell ran a hand over his close-cropped curly hair and blew out a harsh breath. “I wish I knew, Don.”

				“If this is some booty call, you don’t need to spend the entire day with her.”

				“It’s not like that, Donovan,” he said through clenched teeth. He pivoted on his heel and stalked off.

				Donovan quickly caught up. “Look, I’m sorry. If you say it’s not like that, then I believe you. But you’ve never done anything like this before. What happened tonight?”

				“I don’t know. When I touched her hand...it was weird...I felt...I don’t know...something.”

				Donovan clapped him on the shoulder. “It’s called awareness, a connection, sexual chemistry or all of the above.”

				“That’s the thing. It’s not sexual, not entirely.” For a man who made a living expressing himself through words, Terrence struggled to find them tonight.

				“You don’t have to explain, Terrence. I know what you mean, and it’s about time.”

				“About time for what?”

				“For you to find true love.”

				“No. That’s not an option. It’s never gonna happen.” Only one woman had walked out of his life, and he vowed no other woman would ever cause him that type of pain again.

				“If what you’re saying is true, then you need to cancel tomorrow.”

				“Why?”

				“That little lady doesn’t look like the type who’s into head games. You shouldn’t start something you don’t plan to finish.”

				“I have to see her again,” he said absently.

				“I know that,” Donovan said softly. “I can see that she’s gotten to you, so there must be something special about her. Do you really want to punish her for something she had nothing to do with?”

				“What does that mean?”

				“You know how you are—one date and it’s done.”

				Terrence scowled over at him, not happy about the insinuation regarding his dating life. Women knew the score up front.

				“Take my advice, man. Spend time with her tomorrow and see where it goes. You can’t keep your heart closed off forever.” He clapped him on the shoulder. “Come on. Let’s get packed up so we can get to the hotel. The band’s waiting.”

				Terrence nodded. He’d never felt so conflicted in his life. On one hand, Donovan was right and he should at least give it a chance, but on the other, he didn’t know if he was capable of giving or accepting love.

				Later, he stood out on the hotel room’s balcony thinking about Janae, still stunned by his reaction to her. He’d felt the current, and when their eyes connected, his gut clenched. In eight years of touring, nothing like this had ever happened—and he’d touched millions of women. Sure, he’d experienced moments of lust, but nothing like what happened tonight. It had been difficult to reign in his thoughts and focus on finishing the concert.

				This overwhelming need for a woman was foreign to him. He dated when it suited him. Occasionally things progressed to where they’d sleep together, but that was where it ended. He kept things strictly physical; his emotions did not come into play. What about this particular woman knocked him off balance? When she’d asked “why her,” he’d debated the best way to explain it to her, but had a hard time, mainly because he couldn’t explain it to himself. Even now, he could still feel the spark of awareness that coursed through him when he touched her hand.

				Okay, she was a beauty, with a petite body of a goddess, skin the color of melted caramel, expressive brown eyes, high cheekbones and a pair of lips that made him want to taste them—which he was unable to stop himself from doing. When he’d kissed her, the tightening in his chest and the range of emotions that flooded his body had shocked him. Thinking back, he’d probably scared her to death. Hell, he’d scared himself. He had no idea what possessed him to kiss her, but now that he had, her taste would haunt him for the rest of his life.

				He’d shoved his hands in his pockets when walking her to the car to keep from pulling her into his arms for another kiss. He had no clue how to stop the rampant desire or confusing emotions spreading through his body. By spending tomorrow with Janae, he intended to figure it out.





		 			 				Chapter 2

				Janae spotted Monte and Donovan across the lobby. “I think they’re standing over next to the fountain, Karen.” She started to say something else, but her breath caught when their eyes connected and he unleashed that sexy grin.

				Casually dressed, with their dark good looks, they stood out among the crowd of people going in and out of the lobby. A group of women stared with open appreciation. Two of them actually tried to get them to join their group. Janae felt a surge of jealousy, which didn’t make sense since they weren’t dating. Then she felt a measure of satisfaction at the women’s disappointment when Monte shook his head and pointed in her direction—that didn’t make sense, either.

				“Aw, I guess those women will have to find someone else to hang out with, since those two fine brothers are all ours for today,” Karen said with a giggle.

				“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Janae agreed, moving in their direction. But the closer she came to him, the more she began to rethink this whole hanging-out thing. “Too late now,” she mumbled under her breath when he stood before her.

				“Hello, ladies. You ready to get this party started?” Monte kissed Janae’s cheek softly.

				The feel of his lips lingering against her cheek caused all kinds of crazy sensations to run through her body. “Um...yes.” Both Karen and Donovan stared with weird looks on their faces. “Since we’re only a couple of blocks from the wharf, we can probably walk,” Janae said.

				“All right. Let me move the car, and then we can go,” Donovan said.

				By design or just coincidence, somehow they’d paired off—Karen with Donovan and she with Monte. They were content to follow the flow of foot traffic without conversing, but every time she glanced Monte’s way, she found him staring at her.

				“So, Monte,” Janae started.

				“Terrence,” he corrected.

				“Excuse me?”

				“My name. I’d like for you to call me Terrence. Monte is the name I use for business, but my family and close friends call me Terrence.”

				“Um, okay...Terrence. But I’m not a close friend.”

				“Not yet.” He smiled. “So, what were you about to say?”

				“What?” Her brows knitted in confusion. His smile knocked her thoughts right out of her head.

				“You started to say something before we talked about my name.”

				“Is Monte a name you made up?”

				“No. It’s actually my middle name.” He paused. “I’ll tell you the story behind it another time.”

				Another time? She nodded, then remembered her original question. “How long are you staying in San Francisco?”

				“Until sometime tomorrow probably. Why? Tired of my company already?” he asked teasingly.

				She smiled softly. “No. Just asking.”

				“Good, because I want to spend as much time with you as I can.”

				Terrence reached down and entwined their hands. She stiffened. She felt those same sparks.

				He rubbed his thumb over the back of her hand and bent close to her ear. “It’s all right. I feel it, too.”

				After lunch, they checked out several stores lining the wharf. She had a great time and, strangely enough, felt more relaxed with him than she had with any other man.

				“I’ll be right back,” he whispered.

				“I’ll be right here.” Her eyes followed him as he walked toward the front of the store, where Donovan had gestured for him. Karen came up behind her moments later.

				“So, are you having a good time with Monte?”

				“I didn’t think I would, but yeah, I am. He’s...I don’t know...different.” She leaned her head to one side thoughtfully. “You know, he doesn’t act like a superstar. It’s like he’s this regular guy.” She released a deep sigh.

				“What’s wrong?”

				“Nothing. Just thinking I’ll probably never see him after this weekend. He seems like a great guy.”

				“Why would you think that?”

				“Hel-lo, I live in San Jose and he lives in Los Angeles, not to mention he’s a celebrity. You know, concerts, touring...”

				Karen lifted an eyebrow, then folded her arms across her chest. “And that means what? Even celebrities need that special someone.”

				Before Janae could respond, she heard her name being called. “Over here, Terrence.”

				“Terrence?”

				“I’ll explain later. Come on.” They met Terrence and Donovan halfway.

				“Did you see something you like, Janae?” Terrence asked.

				“Sure, lots of things. But I can’t afford them all.”

				Terrence grabbed her hand, pulling her back in the direction she’d come from. “Show me. I’ll buy them for you.”

				She snatched her hand from his. “What? No.”

				“Is there a problem?”

				Janae noticed a few people staring and lowered her voice. “Yes. You don’t know me, and I don’t know you. You can’t go around spending your money like that.”

				He paused a beat. “Point taken. I’m sorry.”

				“You don’t need to apologize, Terrence.” She rubbed a hand over her forehead, trying to find the right words to make him understand. “Remember when I told you that I wasn’t a groupie?”

				“Yes. And do you remember I told you I don’t have groupies, and you could never be one? Just so you know, I’ve never bought anything for another woman except my grandmother. Are you ready to head out? It’s almost time for the sunset cruise.”

				Janae opened her mouth to say something else, but nodded instead. He’s never bought anything for another woman? She followed him out, trying to process his statement. He didn’t talk during the walk, and she sensed she’d hurt his feelings.

				They boarded the ship, opting for seats inside. Although the sun shone, the late spring temperatures had cooled considerably with the approach of dusk. Once the boat left the dock, Terrence excused himself to go stand on the deck. Her eyes never left him as he stood against the rail with his hands in his pockets, head bowed. Maybe this had been a bad idea. Doubt crept in again, making her have second thoughts about this excursion. But she did owe him an apology for the way she’d snapped at him in the store.

				“I’m going outside for a few minutes, guys.” She left Karen and Donovan to make her way through the crowd of people standing on the deck taking pictures.

				She laid a hand on his arm. “Terrence?”

				He turned slowly and glanced down. “Hey.”

				“I want to apologize if I offended you. I don’t think I explained myself well. I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.”

				“I know.” He draped an arm across her shoulders, pulling her close to his side. “This is unchartered territory for me, so I might mess up sometimes.”

				“I hear you.”

				“How about we figure this thing out one day at a time and see where it goes?”

				“I don’t know if that’s possible. We exist in two different worlds.”

				“Anything is possible. We can work out the logistics if you’re agreeable.”

				Janae stared out over the water. She had enjoyed his company today, and he seemed to be a nice person. But hadn’t she sworn off men? So why was she contemplating his request? “I’d like that.”

				He turned her chin to face him. “So would I.” He touched his mouth to hers gently. He held her close as they continued to watch the approach of the Golden Gate Bridge in the fading sunlight.

				“You know, I can’t get over how short you are,” he said, his gaze traveling down her body. “You were much taller last night.”

				Janae punched him in the arm. “Hey. No dissin’ my height.” She was grateful for his attempt to lighten the mood. They’d been having a good time all afternoon, and she couldn’t recall the last time she’d laughed so much with a man.

				“Ow! You hit pretty hard for a little person.” He chuckled while rubbing the spot.

				“You’d be surprised what I can do for a little person,” she said sweetly, batting her eyelashes.

				Terrence threw back his head and laughed. “Let’s go back inside and see what kind of snacks they have. I’m hungry.”

				* * *

				“Monte seems really taken by Janae,” Karen said to Donovan as she watched them through the window.

				“Yeah.”

				“That’s all good, but if your boy is thinking about trying to hit it and quit it and hurts her, I’ll have his butt tossed off one of these bridges.”

				Donovan smiled. “He’s not like that. To tell the truth, I’m a little shocked. I’ve known him for sixteen years, and this is the first time he’s ever done something like this.”

				“So you’re saying he’s not a playa?”

				This time he outright laughed. “Hardly.” Then he sobered. “He needs someone special. Maybe she’s the one.”

				Karen observed Janae and Monte. She and Donovan knew something had happened because they both were quiet. Then she saw them kiss and laugh. “Yes!”

				Donovan glanced over his shoulder out the window. “I’m guessing by your enthusiasm, things are going well.”

				“I hope this works out. Janae deserves to find a nice guy. She’s had too many jerks in her life.” Karen thought of something. “When we were in the store, she called Monte ‘Terrence.’ Is that another name he uses?”

				Donovan’s eyebrows shot up. “Terrence is his first name. He doesn’t share it often, if ever. For him to tell Janae less than twenty-four hours after meeting her says a lot.” Her mouth formed a perfect O, and he laughed softly. “I would appreciate it if you keep it in confidence.”

				“No problem. He must really like her. Janae does have that effect on people. She’s the sweetest person I know.” She giggled, thinking Janae just might get her Prince Charming.

				* * *

				They returned to the hotel a few minutes past midnight. Donovan hugged Karen and Janae, thanked them for a lovely day, then went to wait in the car. Karen told Janae she’d see her upstairs.

				“Everybody disappeared. Was it something I said?” Janae asked, wringing her hands.

				“Come sit with me for a moment,” Terrence said, gesturing her to the seating area. He sat next to her. Taking her hand, he waited for the familiar warmth to start and smiled. “Janae, I’ve had the most amazing time with you today. I gotta be honest—I’m not ready for it to end. I know we’re going back home tomorrow, but I’d like to talk to you sometimes. Would you be comfortable giving me your phone number?”

				She stared at him, seemingly giving serious thought to his request. She stuck out her hand. “Give me your phone. I’ll program my numbers for you.”

				Terrence reached in his pocket, pulled out a phone, stuck it back and pulled another one from his other pocket. He unlocked it, opened the contact list, then handed it to her.

				“Two phones?” she asked with amusement.

				“One for business and one—” he pointed at the phone in her hand “—for personal use. Less than twenty people have this number. Can you put your address in, as well?”

				Her fingers stilled. “Why? You’re not going to go buy some expensive gift and send it to me, are you?”

				He laughed softly. “No.”

				She input the information and passed him the phone.

				“Let me call you, so my number will be in your phone. I want you to have it in case you’d like to talk sometimes,” he added quickly. “Don’t worry, I’ll be calling you most of the time.” He called her phone, let it ring once and hung up. “Will you have breakfast with me tomorrow? We can eat in the hotel’s restaurant. How about I meet you right here around eight-thirty?” he asked hopefully.

				She seemed to hesitate again before answering. “All right.”

				* * *

				Terrence enjoyed their quiet breakfast together the next morning. “Tell me something about you.”

				“What do you want to know?”

				He shrugged. “Anything you want to tell me. Your favorite color, dessert...how old you are...”

				“Well, I’m twenty-eight, my favorite color is blue and my favorite dessert is strawberry shortcake.”

				“What do you do when you’re not teaching?”

				“I enjoy painting landscapes. What about you?”

				“I’m thirty-one years old, and away from touring, I’m pretty much a homebody. I enjoy reading history and love cooking.”

				“Wow. I would have never guessed that about you.”

				“Most people don’t. I like to keep my private life private.”

				After breakfast, he convinced her to take another walk on the pier. Today the temperatures had dipped, the sun remained hidden behind the clouds and a brisk breeze blew across his face. He felt Janae shiver.

				“Are you cold?”

				“A little,” she said, closing her jacket around her.

				He placed his arms around her shoulders and pulled her closer. They continued to stroll past the shops lining the wharf and ended at the rail looking out over the water. Terrence had never felt such contentment. They didn’t need to fill every moment with conversation, and there were no awkward silences. He had no experience with a woman like her. His preference had always been to take a woman out once, maybe sleep with her and then move on. He glanced down at Janae. He had a feeling it wouldn’t be that easy with her.

				His gaze drifted to her mouth, and memories of kissing her flooded his mind—the plush softness of her lips, the sweet taste on his tongue. He had to kiss her again. He scanned the area, then saw a private corner.

				“Come with me,” he said, grabbing her by the hand.

				“Where are we going?”

				“Here.” He pulled her into the dark area, cupped her face and slanted his mouth over hers. Just like last night, kissing her elicited a desire he’d never felt before. He backed her against the wall and deepened the kiss.

				She moaned and tore her mouth away, breathing harshly. “I can’t do this.”

				She tried to move around him, but he blocked her path and pulled her back into his arms. “Why?” he whispered, trailing kisses in the curve of her neck.

				She pushed against his chest. “I told you. I’m not some groupie. I’m not into playing games where I end up being another notch on your bedpost.”

				He rested one hand on the wall over her head. “Are we back to that again? I told you that you could never be a groupie.”

				“Terrence, I’m not interested in being one of your playthings.”

				“Janae—”

				“Have you ever been in a committed relationship?”

				“No, but I’ve never mistreated a woman. I’m always up-front with them. That way no one gets hurt.”

				“I rest my case.” She moved again.

				“Wait a minute.” He released a deep sigh. “I don’t consider myself some kind of playboy. I meet a woman, and if we hit it off, we’ll go out.”

				“And sleep together.”

				“Sometimes.”

				“Then you walk away.”

				He remained silent.

				She folded her arms. “Okay. So you say you’re not a playboy. Then why do you always walk away? Why haven’t you been in a committed relationship?”

				“It’s not that easy, and maybe I haven’t met the right woman.” He captured her mouth again. She pursed her lips tightly together, and he chuckled inwardly. He nipped at her lower lip and teased with tiny licks of his tongue. “Open up, baby.” He plunged into her mouth and caressed the side of her face. Terrence couldn’t get enough of kissing her. At length, he lifted his head.

				“Terrence, I don’t think this is a good idea.” She rubbed her temples. “You’re a really nice guy, but I don’t want to be hurt again.”

				“I don’t plan to hurt you.”

				“Maybe not intentionally, but I can’t take that chance.”

				He held her gaze intently, leaned down and kissed her once more, then led her back out.

				They walked and talked awhile longer, and then he had to leave—reluctantly. Janae and Karen had a long drive ahead of them, and his band would be waiting for him on their private plane.

				Standing outside her hotel room, Terrence let his gaze roam over her face, trying to commit everything about her to memory. “I’ve enjoyed spending the weekend with you, Janae.”

				“Me, too.”

				He heaved a deep sigh. “I’d better go. I know you and Karen need to get on the road, and the guys will be ready to fly out soon.” He stroked a finger down her cheek and placed a soft kiss on her lips. “Thank you for your company. I’ll talk to you soon.”

				“Bye, Terrence.”

				Terrence used every bit of his control to keep moving in the direction of the elevator. The more time he spent with her, the more he wanted to know about her. Being with Janae was so different from the women he usually encountered. Most were so enamored with the man called Monte and what they thought he could do for them that they tripped over themselves trying to get his attention. But not Janae; she wasn’t falling over herself to get to him—just the opposite. She seemed more interested in Terrence. The man who would rather spend a quiet evening snuggled in front of a fireplace talking or reading instead of hanging out at a club or some other party. In spite of his stance to remain emotionally detached, something about this woman fascinated him, and he couldn’t wait to see her again. He smiled. No, he wouldn’t send her an expensive gift, but he would visit. Soon.





		 			 				Chapter 3

				Since the band members wanted to have a late lunch, Terrence didn’t leave San Francisco until after five in the evening. He had planned to be home earlier so he could spend time with his grandparents. He’d been away for almost three weeks, and as the only family he had left, he missed them tremendously. His father passed away when Terrence was eighteen, but his mother had walked out of their lives when he was only eight. The old anger that came with the memory surfaced, but he pushed it down, preferring to reminisce on his weekend. Reaching into his pocket, he took out his phone, then pulled up the picture of him and Janae. In her heels, her head barely came to his shoulder; without them, she only reached the middle of his chest. But her petite body was stacked with womanly curves—curves his hands itched to trace.

				“Nice picture, Monte. Who is she?” Malik, the band’s bassist, asked over his shoulder.

				“Her name is Janae,” Terrence answered without looking up.

				“Oh, yeah. She’s the woman we met backstage. I’ve never known you to let someone come back after a show.”

				Before Terrence could answer, Lisa, the drummer and only female musician in the band, spoke up. “Get out of Monte’s business, Malik. You’re just mad it’s not you.”

				A couple more of the band members started asking questions, and Donovan interrupted. “Hey, Monte. Can you come back here for a moment? I need you to look at something.”

				“What do you need me to do?” Terrence asked, taking a seat in the area sectioned off in the rear of the aircraft set up for business.

				“Nothing. I wanted to give you a little space for privacy.”

				“Thanks, man.”

				After several minutes, Donovan spoke again. “You like her a lot, don’t you, T?”

				He stared down at the phone in his hand with their picture still on the screen. “Yeah. I do.”

				“She seems like a nice person. Do you plan to talk to her or see her again?”

				“Yeah. I need to figure out how to see her before our concerts on the East Coast.”

				A slow grin curved Donovan’s mouth. “Absolutely amazing. Janae has done what no other woman has, and without trying. Women always try coming on to you, some almost to the point of stalking, but you never even notice. What is it about her? I mean, you’ve come across countless beautiful women.”

				“She’s... There’s just something about her.” Terrence shifted his gaze toward the window. “She gets to me,” he said, remembering. Even now, thinking about her made his heart rate kick up. He hoped she and Karen had made it home safely.

				* * *

				Janae breezed through the school office Monday morning and spoke to the secretary before checking her mailbox. She glanced at the papers, stuck them in her bag, then went to make copies. She had more than half an hour before the students arrived, giving her time to prepare the art activity that would accompany their lesson. Despite her determination to get back to reality, her mind kept straying to her time with Terrence. Contrary to his promise to call, she knew he probably wouldn’t, and decided the time they spent together would go into her book of memories, to be pulled out time and time again.

				“Hey, girl.”

				Her head popped up when Karen came through the classroom door. “Morning. You just getting here?”

				“No. I’ve been here for about an hour. I have some testing to do today, so I needed to get a lesson plan ready for my parent helper who’s coming in.” She came around the table to see what Janae was drawing. “Foil?”

				Janae smiled. “Yep. It’s a fun activity, and the best part is that they don’t even know they’re working on their fine motor control.” She had drawn a flower using a black permanent marker and would have the students use colored permanent markers to fill in the spaces. When they finished, not only would they have a beautiful picture, they would have practiced staying within the lines—something to help with the control needed for writing.

				Karen took a seat across from her. “Hmm. Maybe I need to have you do all my art projects. I don’t know how you come up with all this stuff. So, did you talk to Terrence last night?”

				“No. I’m sure he had a lot to do when he got back. I didn’t really expect to hear from him.”

				“Do you think you’ll see him anytime soon?”

				“Probably not, but we didn’t really discuss any of that, Miss Nosy.”

				“Well, did you guys at least exchange phone numbers?” she asked with exasperation.

				“Yes, we did.”

				“Finally, something right.”

				“Don’t you have to get to your class?”

				“Oh, I have a few more minutes to get in your business.”

				“So, did you tell Andre about you ‘hanging out’ with a celebrity?”

				Karen hopped up from the chair. “What happens in San Francisco...stays in San Francisco. See you later.”

				Janae burst out laughing. “Girl, you are too crazy. Did you bring lunch?”

				“Yeah. If you brought yours, we can eat in my room.”

				“I did, so I’ll meet you later.”

				After Karen’s departure, Janae’s mind drifted once again to Terrence. Alone, she admitted to herself that she did want to talk to him and see him again. In her mind, she recalled the rich, deep timbre of his voice and the effortlessly controlled movements of his body onstage. Automatically, her thoughts shifted to his kiss—how his mouth moved slowly but insistently over hers, and how his body felt pressed against hers. She shook herself mentally.

				“Get it together, girl. That was a onetime thing—nothing more.” She rose from the table, returned the supplies to their respective places, then went to her desk to check emails.

				She answered two from other teachers and one from a parent. Scrolling down, she read one from her brother Devin, and smiled. Four years her senior, he was the youngest of her three brothers and the one she was closest to. He wanted to let her know that he’d be by on Saturday, so she responded and exited her email as the bell rang. Her two paraeducators had yard duty and would escort the students to class. Janae made sure the visual schedules for two of her students with autism were posted on the wall near the door. The schedules helped them know what to expect throughout the day and minimized anxiety. Janae was grateful for her two assistants—their presence allowed the students to have core instruction conducted in small groups.

				By the end of the day, Janae felt more than tired. Mondays were always harder for some of the students to get back into their school routine. She immediately changed into comfortable clothes when she got home, then went to sit on the terrace outside her bedroom. The late-May temperatures hovered in the mid-seventies, with a slight breeze. She inhaled deeply, feeling her body start to unwind after the long day. She leaned back on the lounger, closed her eyes and started to drift off.

				She startled when her cell phone rang. Reaching blindly, she searched the small table next to her, picked it up and read the display. She jerked upright when she read Terrence Campbell. She let it ring a couple more times before she answered.

				“Hello.”

				“Hi, Janae. It’s Terrence.”

				Was his voice this sexy before? “Hi. Did you make it back home okay?”

				“Yes, although we didn’t leave until after five. How did your day go?”

				“Hectic, but good. What about you?”

				“Same as yours. I’m still at my office and will probably be here for at least three more hours,” he answered with a sigh.

				Janae glanced at her watch and frowned. “It’s already close to five o’clock. That’s kind of late, isn’t it?”

				“It is, but I have a lot to do. I miss you.”

				Momentarily stunned silent, she sat holding the phone. He missed her? Didn’t they meet three days ago? How could he miss her without really knowing her?

				“Janae, are you still there?”

				“Huh? Oh, yes. I’m still here. I miss you, too,” she added softly. It might be crazy, but she did.

				“What are you doing?”

				“Sitting out on my terrace relaxing before I start dinner. Speaking of dinner, if you’re going to be working so late, when are you going to eat?”

				“You sound like my grandmother. She always calls me when I’m on the road to make sure I’m eating. But to answer your question, I’ll have something ordered in.”

				“Your grandmother sounds like a wonderful woman.”

				“She is.”

				Janae heard the deep affection in his voice. “It sounds like you love her a lot.”

				“If it weren’t for her and my grandfather, I don’t know where I’d be.”

				Janae sensed a story behind those words, one that held a certain degree of sadness. “So tell me about your middle name—Monte.”

				“My grandfather is a huge fan of Negro League baseball, and his favorite player was Monte Irvin. Well, his actual name was Monford, but my dad liked Monte better, so they compromised, and that’s how I got my middle name.”

				“Did your grandfather want you to become a baseball player?”

				“No. He knows music has always been my passion. It’s been that way since I was a kid.”

				“Well, I’m glad that music is your passion.” She laughed. “I like your music. You use real instruments, not to mention you have a great voice. There’s nothing like the sound created by the layering of those instruments, but they don’t overpower your voice.”

				He cleared his throat. “Thank you. I’m glad you like it.”

				“Aw, are you blushing?”

				“Nah. Men don’t blush. Hang on a minute, Janae.” She heard muffled voices, and then he came back on the line. “I have to go.”

				“Okay. It was nice talking to you, and don’t forget to eat.”

				“I won’t. I enjoyed talking to you, too. I want to see you again...soon. We’ll talk about it next time. Bye, baby.”

				“Bye, Terrence.”

				Baby? Surely he didn’t mean anything by it, but her traitorous heart leaped just the same.

				* * *

				Terrence was still smiling when he hung up the phone. He glanced over to see Donovan’s smirk. “What?”

				“Baby? You met her, what...two...three days ago, and now she’s your baby?”

				Terrence picked up a folder and thrust it at Donovan. “Didn’t you need to talk to me about the upcoming schedule?”

				Donovan snatched the folder and tossed it back on the desk. “That can wait. I want to talk about you and Ms. Simms.” He leaned back in the chair and stroked his chin. “Let’s see. I’ve known you since you were a dorky fifteen-year-old, and I don’t remember ever hearing you call any woman you were supposedly dating ‘baby.’”

				“How do you know? You weren’t with me every second,” Terrence countered.

				“I didn’t need to be, T. Even though you date, you always maintain this kind of distance. You treat women with respect and are very considerate, but I think they sense your inaccessibility. Think about it. Remember those women in Chicago, New York and Atlanta? One date, and you dropped them like a bad habit. Not to mention all the others—same thing. And, as far as public displays of affection, you’ve only been seen occasionally holding hands—maybe.” He leaned forward. “No kissing.”

				Terrence frowned. “Damn, D. You need to get a life. Maybe you’re the one who needs a woman, or a hobby. And if you don’t have enough to do here, I can find something to keep you busy.”

				Donovan merely smiled. “Oh, and all this smiling and laughing...you sure your system won’t go into shock?”

				“You can be replaced, Donovan.”

				Donovan’s laughter rang out in the office.

				Long after his friend’s departure, Terrence sat thinking about Janae. Hearing her soft, sweet voice made all kinds of sensations swirl in the pit of his stomach. A strange reaction for him because, when it came to women, emotions were never a part of the equation. He had yet to figure out why this particular woman had him acting so out of character. And when he’d blurted out that he missed her... Terrence shut his eyes and cursed under his breath. Why had he said that? He had never missed a woman in his life other than his grandmother. He’d felt a moment of panic when Janae hadn’t responded, but he’d relaxed when she’d confessed to missing him, too.

				Two days later, staring out of his office window, he still couldn’t get her off his mind. His secretary poked her head in to remind him of the staff meeting. He stood and headed for the conference room.

				Terrence half listened to the updates from the different departments in his record company. Unlike the larger companies, he had a limited number of artists represented under his label and preferred to keep it that way. He was less interested in turning a quick profit by putting out several one-hit wonders and more concerned with developing an artist for longevity in the business. He wanted each person to feel as if he or she was an individual, instead of a product. His father had always stressed the importance of treating people with respect. Terrence could hear his voice as clearly as if his father was sitting right next to him. If you respect the people who work for you, they’ll respect you and work hard. Respect is earned, and remember that money isn’t always the most important thing.

				Usually music and everything related to it filled his thoughts, but today something—rather, someone—else dominated the space in his brain. He’d sent Janae flowers and hoped she’d received them. He made a mental note to call her, then turned his attention back to his business manager’s report. At the conclusion of the meeting, everyone filtered out slowly, until only Donovan, Audrey, his business manager, and Brad, the company’s attorney, remained.

				Terrence had met Audrey when they were paired up for a business class project in college, and she introduced him to Brad, whom she married right after graduation. They, along with Donovan, were part of his small circle of friends, and there wasn’t anything they wouldn’t do for each other.

				“Are you okay, Terrence?” Audrey asked as she closed the door.

				“Yeah, why?”

				“I don’t know. You seem preoccupied, which is totally unlike you when it comes to business or music.”

				“I’ve been wondering the same thing,” Brad added. “For the past couple of days, you’ve been acting strange. Did something happen when you were in the Bay Area?”

				“Yeah, Terrence. Did something happen?” Donovan asked with a grin.

				Audrey came back to the table. “You were there, Donovan. I thought the concert went off without a hitch and you guys took a couple of days to wind down.”

				“We did,” Donovan confirmed with a smile.

				Terrence glared at him. “I’m fine. Is there anything else?”

				Audrey stared at him for a long moment. “What did you do in San Francisco, Terrence? I’m trying to get Brad to take me.”

				“We hung out on the pier sightseeing and took one of the sunset cruises to the Golden Gate Bridge.”

				“Ooh, that sounds romantic. Too bad you didn’t have someone to share it with.” She sighed wistfully.

				Terrence didn’t comment, but noted the grin on Donovan’s face.

				Audrey came around the table and placed her arms around Terrence. “It’s all right. You don’t have to tell me her name...yet.”

				Terrence whirled around in his chair. “What? How did you...?”

				She arched an eyebrow and smiled knowingly. “Women’s intuition, and you have the signs.”

				“What signs?”

				“I’m not telling my secrets.” She pulled out the chair next to Donovan and sat. “Okay, Mr. Wright, tell me all about her. Where did he meet her? What does she look like? Does she seem like a nice person? And please don’t tell me she’s one of those stalker groupies.” She shuddered.

				Donovan chuckled and shook his head.

				“What? I need to make sure she’s worthy of my little brother.”

				They all laughed. She’d been calling Terrence her brother since their college days, and every time she introduced him as such, people stared in disbelief at the five-foot-eight-inch, blond-haired, blue-eyed beauty with the dazzling smile standing next to the tall, handsome chocolate-skinned man.

				As Donovan began to speak, Terrence’s phone rang.

				He quickly dug it out of his pocket, thinking something had happened to one of his grandparents. They were the only ones who called his personal cell during the day.

				When he saw the display, his features softened. He stood and quickly left the room, not caring about the laughter he heard behind him.





		 			 				Chapter 4

				Janae was surprised when she opened her door to a florist carrying a huge arrangement of pink roses and white calla lilies. She tried to tip the delivery person, but the man told her it had been taken care of. She thanked him and carried the flowers to an end table in her living room. She pulled off the card and opened the envelope.





				Thinking of you, Terrence.





				A huge grin blossomed on her face. Already, the fragrance of the flowers filled the space. She started to put the card back, but decided it would be better off in the nightstand by her bed. Then her smile faded. As much as she didn’t want to, her mind questioned why he’d sent them. The last man to give her flowers was Carter Harris. They dated for six months before he turned possessive. He used the excuse that he loved her and was afraid she’d leave him. After they’d slept together once, he got worse and she had been ready to end their relationship.

				He sent flowers, thinking that she would show her appreciation by not breaking things off and sleeping with him again. When Janae refused, he got rough. But her three brothers had taught her how to protect herself. The surprise blows to his face and groin gave her time to escape to her bedroom, where she locked the door and called Devin. One minute she heard Carter banging on her door and yelling, the next she heard her brother threatening him with bodily harm and to call the police if he didn’t leave. She hadn’t heard from Carter since that incident almost three years ago.

				What would Terrence expect in return? He didn’t seem to possess the same arrogance as Carter and had treated her with respect the entire time they were together. But there were many superstars who expected women to fall at their feet.

				She released a deep sigh. This was supposed to be a fantasy, and in fantasies, things did not get this complicated. Maybe she should stop this madness before it got started. The last thing she wanted or needed was another man to shatter her heart. Janae knew that however she felt, she did need to call and thank him for the flowers. She hesitated a moment, then picked up the phone.

				“Hi, Terrence,” she said when he answered. “It’s Janae. I’m calling to thank you for the flowers.”

				“You’re welcome. Did you like them?”

				“I did. They’re very lovely.”

				“I hoped you wouldn’t get upset.”

				“Why would I get upset?”

				“Do you remember what you said when I asked for your address?”

				“Oh, yeah,” she said with a giggle. “Well, I guess I can make an exception for flowers.”

				“Good.”

				They both fell silent for a moment. “Well, I know you’re probably busy. I only wanted to let you know how much I appreciate the flowers.”

				“I’m glad you like them. Are you going to be busy this weekend?”

				“Probably not. Why?”

				“The rest of my week will be really busy, so I may not be able to call you until then.”

				“It’s no problem. We’ll talk whenever you have some time. Go back to work. I’ll talk to you later.”

				“Okay. Talk to you soon.”

				* * *

				He disconnected and inhaled deeply. I need to see her. He walked back into the room and met the smiling faces of his friends. “Don’t you people have work to do?”

				“We do. So the quicker you spill the beans, the quicker we can get to it,” Brad said.

				Audrey rubbed her hands together with glee. “Come on. What’s she like? Is she pretty? Nice?”

				Terrence knew they wouldn’t leave until they had answers, so he brought up the picture of him and Janae on his phone and handed it to Audrey.

				“She’s gorgeous.”

				Brad leaned over her shoulder. “I agree. She’s a beauty. Where did you meet her?”

				Terrence shot a quick glance at Donovan, then back to Brad. “At the concert.”

				Brad’s eyebrows shot up. “I thought you said she wasn’t a groupie.”

				“She’s not,” Terrence snapped.

				Donovan jumped in and told them what transpired the night of the concert and the rest of the weekend. “She seems like a really nice person.”

				“Does she live in San Francisco, Terrence?” Audrey asked.

				“No. San Jose.”

				“Hmm, a long-distance relationship can be tricky, especially with all the traveling you do,” she noted thoughtfully.

				“I know,” Terrence replied. Although it wasn’t as if he was thinking relationship. He didn’t do relationships. At the same time, he couldn’t get her off his mind.

				“Man, I don’t think it’s wise for you to get caught up in this kind of thing. Maybe you should just sleep with her and move on. Like Audrey said, she’s geographically undesirable,” Brad said.

				Terrence knew Brad meant well, but couldn’t stop the surge of annoyance that welled up.

				Audrey punched her husband in the arm. “That’s not what I said, Brad. I said a long-distance relationship is tricky, not impossible.”

				The anger on Terrence’s face was plain.

				“Way to go, Brad. And why would you tell him to ‘just sleep with her and move on’? Didn’t you see the look on his face when she called?” She rolled her eyes and jumped to her feet.

				Brad’s face reddened, and he tried to backpedal. “I’m sorry, Terrence. I didn’t mean it like that.”

				“For a man who’s supposed to be able to read facial expressions and body language as an integral part of his job, you can be so dense sometimes.” Audrey turned to Terrence. “Terrence, if you feel she’s special, then you should go after her.” She shrugged. “That’s my two cents.” She glared at her husband, snatched up her belongings and stormed out.

				“What does that mean?” a confused Brad asked.

				Donovan chuckled. “Man, you stepped in it this time. What your wife is trying to say is, as a lawyer, you should have been able to look at Terrence’s face when Janae called and know that she’s more than some booty call.” At Brad’s continued blank look, he shook his head. “You really don’t get it, do you?”

				“No. What am I missing?”

				“In all the years you’ve known Terrence, how has he behaved when it came to women?”

				Brad shrugged. “More or less had a take-it-or-leave-it attitude.”

				“And, even when he dated?”

				“He still seemed somewhat detached. As a matter of fact, I don’t remember seeing him with the same woman twice.”

				“When you look at Audrey, what happens to your facial expression and your body language?”

				His eyes widened. “I...oh...you’re right. I’ve never seen him look like that before.”

				“Bingo.” Donovan stood.

				“I’ll be in my office,” Terrence grumbled, annoyed they were talking about him as though he treated women badly.

				Brad stood quickly, following them out. “I’m sorry, man. I didn’t know.”

				“Terrence will be fine. You should probably start with your wife, since she thinks you’re dense,” Donovan said with a laugh.

				* * *

				Terrence sat at his desk staring out the window when Donovan closed the door and took a seat on the sofa.

				Neither spoke for several minutes, and then Donovan asked, “You okay, man?”

				Terrence slowly rotated in his chair. “I’m cool.”

				“I don’t think Brad meant any harm.” He chuckled and shook his head. “But he pissed Audrey off. You know how protective of you she is.”

				Terrence smiled faintly.

				“What are you going to do about Janae?”

				“I’m going to see her.”

				“You’re serious about her.”

				“I’m not serious about anyone.”

				He shook his head. “What do you need me to do?”

				“I’d like to go on Saturday.”

				“I’ll make sure the jet is ready and get you a car. When do you want to fly back?”

				“Depends. No later than Sunday, though. We both have to work on Monday.”

				Donovan nodded and stood. “I’ll let you know when everything is finalized.”

				“Thanks, D. And tell Audrey to go easy on Brad.”

				“I will, and you tell Mrs. Lewis we didn’t do anything to you. She was fussing and asking if we upset you when I came in. I swear you’ve got better protection than the president.” The fifty-something-year-old secretary watched over Terrence like a mama bear protecting her cub.

				“What can I say?” Terrence shrugged. “I’m leaving in about half an hour. I want to be home early so I can spend time with my folks.”

				“That’s fine. Tell them I said hello. We’ll be closing up shop before that anyway. I’ll be right behind you.” He opened the door and turned back. “I should have everything ready for your trip by midmorning tomorrow.”

				“Okay. Later.”

				* * *

				Terrence hit the play button on his home studio’s audio system, listening once again to the demo he’d received the previous day. Something bothered him about the recording, but he couldn’t put his finger on it. After three repeats, he shut down the system. He knew exactly what he needed to do to relax—cook. A smile creased his face. He would surprise his grandparents by cooking dinner for them.

				Due to the lateness of the hour, he settled on a simple meal of grilled salmon, wild rice and steamed broccoli. After he finished cooking, Terrence walked through the breezeway that connected his grandparents’ cottage to his house. When he’d had the house built, they had adamantly refused to live with him, citing his privacy and being burdensome among their reasons. They had finally relented when he told them they would have their own two-bedroom, one-bath cottage, complete with living room and kitchen.

				“Grandma. Grandpa. Where are you?” he called out as he entered through the side door off the kitchen. Terrence continued to the living room and found them watching TV.

				His grandmother stood as quickly as her seventy-two-year-old body allowed and engulfed him in a tight hug. “Hi, baby.” She reached up and palmed his cheeks. “How are you, sweetheart? You look tired.”

				He held on to her, basking in the unconditional love he always found in her arms. “A little tired, but I’m good. You’re looking beautiful as usual.”

				His grandfather slowly came to his feet. “Hey, boy. Quit trying to sweet-talk my wife,” he teased.

				Terrence laughed. “Hi, Grandpa.” They embraced. “Well, she is a beautiful woman.”

				His grandfather gazed at his grandmother with glowing eyes. “That she is. Still as beautiful as the day I met her.”

				Terrence was used to the affection his grandparents displayed toward one another. Ray Campbell, Sr. and Eleanor Davis Campbell were as much in love now as they had been during his childhood. For the first time in his life, he began to wonder what it would feel like to have a love that spanned more than five decades.

				“Is everything okay, Terrence?” his grandmother asked.

				“What did you say, Grandma?”

				“I asked if everything was okay. You had this strange look on your face.”

				“Everything’s fine. I came to tell you I cooked dinner so you guys can come eat.”

				“What a nice surprise.” His grandfather patted him on the shoulder. “You didn’t have to cook dinner for us. We know how hard you’ve been working.”

				“I wanted to do it. It’s been three weeks since we’ve been together, and I missed you.” After returning from the latest round of touring, he had been working late, and his grandparents were asleep by the time he made it home.

				“Well, what are we waiting for? I’m starved,” his grandmother said, starting off.

				After his grandfather blessed the food, the only sounds that could be heard for the first several minutes were forks scraping against plates.

				“Son, this is really good. Now, don’t get me wrong, Mrs. Jones is a great cook, but I sure enjoy when you get in the kitchen.”

				Terrence’s housekeeper, Mrs. Jones, occasionally stepped in as cook when he went on tour, or on the days his grandmother didn’t prepare meals. “Thanks, Grandpa.”

				“I agree. It’s a shame you don’t have a special lady here to share these fabulous meals.” His grandmother forked up another portion and moaned appreciably.

				Terrence glanced over at her innocent expression. “Grandma?”

				“Yes, sweetheart,” she answered pleasantly.

				“We’ve had this conversation before.”

				She patted his arm. “I know, dear. But your grandpa and I aren’t getting any younger. We don’t want you to spend the rest of your life alone.” She leaned closer and winked. “And we want a couple of great-grandchildren before the Lord calls us home.”

				He looked to his grandfather for help.

				“Sorry. I’m with your grandmother. We won’t be here forever, and I’d feel better knowing you had someone to share your life with. Besides, I haven’t had anyone to bounce on my knee in quite some time.”

				“I think you’d make a great husband and father. Any young woman would be lucky to have you,” his grandmother added.

				Terrence dropped his head. They’d had this conversation many times, even more so in the past year. He wasn’t willing to open himself up for the kind of hurt love could bring—he’d been there, done that. An image of Janae’s shy smile floated through his mind, and along with it, the familiar stirring in his gut—feelings that seemed to have taken on a life of their own. He squeezed his eyes shut and inhaled deeply, trying to force the feelings away. He felt his grandmother’s hand gently cover his own.

				“Baby, are you okay?”

				Terrence lifted his head and opened his eyes, noting the speculative looks on his grandparents’ faces. He kissed the back of her hand. “I’m fine, Grandma.” He picked up his fork. She continued to observe him, and he sought to reassure her. “Really, I’m okay.” He looked down minutes later to see that they had finished eating. “If you guys are done, leave your plates here, and I’ll take care of the dishes.”

				“Are you sure?” his grandfather asked as he stood.

				“Yes.”

				“Well...okay.” His grandmother caressed his face. “I sense something going on with you, but I won’t pry. You’re our special angel, and we love you. If you want to talk, we’ll be here...no matter what time it is.” She accepted her husband’s help from the chair.

				“I know, and I love you both.” Terrence stood, stacked the plates and took them to the kitchen. As soon as they were gone, he braced his hands on the counter, then took several deep breaths. He’d made it his life’s mission to stay away from serious commitment. Now he found himself actually pursuing a woman. What else could he call contemplating flying across the state for the sole purpose of seeing Janae?





		 			 				Chapter 5

				Janae opened the door Saturday morning to her big brother’s smiling face.

				“Hey, baby girl,” Devin said, picking her up and swinging her around like he’d done when she was small.

				“Hi,” she said with a laugh. “Put me down, you nut, and come in.”

				He gently set her on her feet. “How are you?”

				“I’m good. What about you?”

				Devin followed her to the kitchen. “No complaints. It smells good in here.”

				“I knew you’d be hungry, so I fixed you breakfast.”

				“Aw, you’re so sweet. That’s why you’re my favorite sister,” he said with a wink.

				“I’m your only sister. I just need to make the omelets. Everything else is ready.”

				Devin went to the sink to wash his hands. “I can dice the peppers and mushrooms.”

				“Already done. You can set the table and pour the juice.”

				“Okay,” he said, reaching into the cabinets for plates.

				Janae finished the omelets, brought everything to the table, then sat.

				Devin took a seat next to her, reached for her hand and blessed their food. He cut into the omelet and groaned with the first bite. “Man, I’ve missed your omelets. Mine never come out like this.”

				“Oh, I see. That’s why you really stopped by. And here I thought you wanted to spend some quality time with your only sister.”

				“Hey, I didn’t ask you to cook. We could have gone out.”

				“Yeah, uh-huh,” she said, rolling her eyes.

				He reached for the jar of jam in the center of the table. “Please tell me this is some of Mom’s peach jam.” He spread some on his biscuit and took a huge bite. “Mmm, I love this stuff.”

				Janae folded her arms and lifted an eyebrow. “Sorry to disappoint you, sport, but Mom did not make that.”

				He paused midbite and frowned. “Then who made it?”

				“I did.”

				“You know how to make her jams?”

				She winked, giving him a self-satisfied smile.

				Devin picked up her hand. “Janae, if you give me a jar of this, I’ll wash your car, your windows, clean the kitchen...”

				She snatched her hand back and fell out laughing. “I’ll settle for you washing the car. You can have one jar each of peach and strawberry.” She shook her head at his look of pure delight as he finished his meal.

				“Thanks, baby girl. That hit the spot.” He leaned back and patted his belly. “By the way, have you heard from Lawrence lately?”

				Janae spun around from the sink where she stood rinsing the dishes. “No. Why? Have you seen him?”

				“No, but I noticed that huge floral arrangement in the living room.”

				“Please, even when we were dating and he was supposedly in love with me, he never bought me flowers.” Lawrence Mason, a fellow teacher and the last man she’d dated, claimed to love her. They had discussed marriage until she was selected for a teaching position they’d both applied for. He had even gone so far as to suggest that she turn the position down so he could get it, citing his need for a larger salary if they were to be married. She’d refused and broken off the relationship a year ago. He’d harassed her until she threatened to go to the police and report him to the school board. Out of the blue, he’d called three months ago, blaming her for his contract not being renewed, and wouldn’t believe that she had no idea what he was talking about.

				“So where did you get the flowers from? I didn’t see a card.”

				Thank goodness I put the card away. “Just someone I met.” She shrugged, grabbed her keys off the wall hook and tossed them to Devin. “Don’t you think you should get started on the car?”

				He stood and chuckled. “So you’re not going to tell me? I’ll have Erik get your phone records and see if any names pop up.”

				Erik, their middle brother, worked at the Pentagon. She pinned him with an angry glare. “Don’t even think about it, Devin. If and when there’s something to tell, I will. I mean it, Devin.”

				He held up his hands in mock surrender. “Okay, okay. I’ll hold off. But if this mystery guy hurts you, his butt is mine.”

				“It probably won’t ever come to that, Devin, so you don’t need to worry.” She turned to finish rinsing and stacking the dishes in the dishwasher.

				“If you say so. I’ll be back in a few.”

				As much as she enjoyed her time with Terrence, Janae knew better than to get her hopes up where he was concerned. Besides, she had no desire to have another man rip her heart apart. And Terrence was a heartbreak waiting to happen. He had called twice more, and she’d let the calls go to voice mail. She had to distance herself from him. She dried her hands on a dish towel, then went to clean the bathrooms. Afterward, she headed for her studio.

				“Janae, where are you?” Devin called.

				“I’m in the studio.” She spent most of her spare time in this place. As a child, her parents had signed her up for an art class, and Janae was immediately hooked. While she didn’t possess the skill to draw people, she had an innate aptitude for creating landscapes. At any given time, she could be found sitting in front of a canvas, paintbrush in hand.

				“Are you working on something?”

				“No. Just putting away some supplies. I may paint later, though.”

				He took in the completed paintings and works in progress. “These are beautiful, sis,” he whispered in awe, picking up one of a beach sunrise. “I really, really like this one. You should title it New Beginnings.”

				She tilted her head one way, then the other. “Hmm, I like that. Okay.”

				“You have enough paintings in here for a gallery showing. Have you thought any more about doing that?”

				“No, not really,” she mumbled. “I don’t like all that attention.” He often told her she had a gift he believed should be shared with the world, but she had always shied away from the public, preferring to give away the scenes she created.

				He picked up another one of a mountain sunset. “Wow.”

				“Since you like that one, you can take it,” she told him when he continued to stare at it.

				“No, but what I will do is buy it from you.”

				She opened her mouth to protest, but he cut her off.

				“No arguments, Janae.” He took out his checkbook, wrote a check and handed it to her.

				Her eyes widened. “Five hundred dollars! Are you crazy?”

				“It’s probably worth three or four times that. You have one week to cash that check. If you don’t, I’ll be back and you won’t like it.”

				She stuck out her lip, then tossed the check on the table while grumbling under her breath.

				He lifted her chin. “One week, baby girl. And stop pouting.” He placed a kiss on her forehead. “What else do you need me to do?” Before she could answer, the doorbell rang. “Are you expecting somebody?”

				“No.”

				“I’ll get it.” He turned on his heel and headed toward the front door.

				* * *

				Terrence followed the directions on the rental’s GPS to Janae’s house, praying he hadn’t made a mistake. He’d never shown up at a woman’s house unannounced, and he’d never, ever hopped on a plane to visit one. This was so uncharacteristic of him, but he couldn’t seem to help himself. He felt as if she’d cast a spell on him. He pulled up to a large one-story house in an established section of the city and parked. He climbed the three steps and rang the doorbell. While waiting, Terrence glanced out over the neighborhood and saw a few people mowing lawns. He turned at the sound of the masculine voice.

				“May I help you?”

				Terrence masked his surprise. The man stood a couple of inches taller, but outweighed him by a good forty pounds. “Yes. I’m here to see Janae. Is she home?”

				The man frowned and looked him up and down. “Who are you?”

				Terrence lifted a brow. “I’m a friend of hers. Is she here?”

				He called over his shoulder. “Baby, there’s someone here to see you.”

				Baby? He remembered Janae saying she didn’t have a boyfriend, so who could this man be?

				“Why are you calling me...?” Janae asked as she came to the door. Her voice trailed off when she saw Terrence standing on the porch.

				The man slung his arm around her shoulder. “Sweetheart, who’s your friend?”

				Janae shrugged the arm off her shoulder and elbowed the man in the stomach. “Stop it, Devin.” She unlatched the screen and opened it. “Hey, Terrence. Come in.”

				Terrence could tell she had a million questions for him, but didn’t say anything. He stepped into the house and leaned down to kiss her cheek. “How are you?”

				“Fine.”

				The man cleared his throat.

				She frowned at him. “Terrence, I’d like you to meet my brother Devin. Devin, this is Terrence.”

				Terrence stuck out his hand and smiled. “Nice to meet you, Devin.”

				With Janae glaring at him, Devin grudgingly shook Terrence’s hand. “Same here.”

				Janae led the way to the living room. “Have a seat. Can I get you something?” She wrung her hands nervously, then rubbed them up and down the sides of her shorts.

				“No, thank you. I just wanted to come by and see how you’re doing,” Terrence answered, hoping to put her at ease. She wore a pair of shorts with an oversize T-shirt, and her hair was pulled into a ragged ponytail. Several strands had come loose, but he still thought her the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen.

				Devin folded his arms across his wide chest. “So, Terrence, how long have you known my sister?”

				“We met recently.”

				“You look familiar. Are you sure Terrence is your real name? What’s your last name?”

				Janae grabbed her brother by the arm. “Knock it off. You don’t need to interrogate him. I’m sure you have some other things to do, so go do them. And don’t forget your painting.”

				“Are you trying to get rid of me?”

				“Your intelligence astounds me.” She pushed him in the direction of the studio, then waited until he was out of earshot before turning to Terrence. “Sorry about that. My brothers are very overprotective.”

				“Brothers? You have more than one?”

				“Yeah, three. And they’re all older. Devin is the youngest, then there’s Erik and Justin.”

				“It’s obvious they love you.”

				“I guess. Do you have any siblings?”

				“No.”

				Before she could comment, Devin returned with the painting.

				Terrence leaned forward. “Did you paint this? I know you told me you painted, but this is amazing. Have you ever thought about a gallery showing?”

				“Hmph. Imagine that,” Devin said. “I’ve been telling her that for years, but I can’t get baby girl to budge.”

				“You should listen to your brother, Janae. He’s right.”

				“Aren’t you leaving, Devin?” she asked, glaring at him.

				Devin leaned down and kissed her forehead. “Stay out of trouble.” He extended his hand to Terrence. “Nice meeting you. Will I be seeing you again?”

				Terrence shook his hand. “I hope so.” He read the warning in Devin’s eyes—he would stay out of their relationship...for now.

				Janae closed the door behind her brother, then came back to where Terrence sat on the sofa. “Um, are you sure you don’t want anything?”

				“I’m sure. Come sit.” He scooted over on the sofa.

				Janae sat, purposely leaving space between them. “What are you doing here? Do you have a show?”

				“No.”

				“Are you here on business?”

				“Depends on what kind of business you mean.” He slid closer and took her hand. “I came only to see you.”

				“How did you get here?”

				“I flew.”

				“You flew here just to see me?” she asked with surprise. “But...but...why?”

				“I wanted—no, needed—to see you. I wanted to touch you again and, more than anything, I wanted to kiss you again,” he said huskily. He leaned in, his lips hovering above hers. “May I?”

				She opened her mouth to answer, and his mouth came down over hers. Sensations he’d never felt flooded his body. His tongue moved deep in her mouth, staking its claim, causing her to moan.

				Incredible was the only way Terrence could describe how her kiss made him feel. He lifted her until she straddled his lap, and continued to pursue her mouth. His hands caressed her back and moved around to massage her breasts. He left her lips to trail kisses over her jaw, along her throat and the bared portion of her chest. Reaching up, he cupped her face and reclaimed her mouth. He was losing control and needed to slow down. Although he wanted to make love to her, he didn’t want her to think that was why he came.

				By the time the kiss ended, he felt the trembling in her body and closed his eyes tightly to rein in his rampant desire. When he opened his eyes, he saw that she struggled with the same thing. Terrence stared into her eyes—a stunning warm brown—and tried to keep his runaway emotions in check. Everything about this one woman called to him. He hugged her to him and set her gently on the couch beside him.

				“Do you have any more paintings?” They needed to get off this couch.

				“Yes.” She stood and tried to smooth back her hair. “Follow me.”

				Terrence walked silently behind her, admiring the furnishings and the warm, comfortable feeling of her home. “I like your place. How long have you lived here?”

				“I grew up here. My parents moved to New Mexico and didn’t want to sell the house. My two oldest brothers live out of state, and Devin has his own house. I was rooming with Karen, so it made sense for me to stay here.” She opened the door to the studio and gestured him in.

				Terrence said nothing for several minutes. His gaze swept across the many paintings in wonder. “You are truly gifted.” He picked up a painting of the beach sunrise and stared in fascination. “This is magnificent.”

				“Devin said I should call that one New Beginnings. I think it fits. Each sunrise is a new beginning.”

				He couldn’t take his eyes off the painting. He heard her talking, but didn’t understand a word.

				“Since you seem to like it so much, it’s yours.”

				That brought him around. “What did you say?” She repeated it. “I can’t take this. It’s—”

				“Please. I insist. I’d like for you to have it. If you don’t want to take it on the plane, I can wrap it and ship it to you.”

				Terrence couldn’t stop staring at her. Janae had offered to give him a piece of artwork that he knew would sell for thousands of dollars. No other woman had ever given him a gift of any kind. Well, Audrey had, but she didn’t count. She was practically his sister.

				“That’s not it. Outside of my father and grandparents, I’ve never been given such a precious gift. It’s no problem getting it home. I took the corporate jet.” He carefully returned the painting , then brought her into the circle of his arms. “Thank you. I’ll cherish it always.”

				She wrapped her arms around his waist. “You’re welcome.”

				When he released her, she crossed the room, opened a drawer and removed a roll of glassine paper, bubble wrap and a roll of tape. She carefully wrapped the painting then placed it against the wall.

				“Do see another one you’d like to have before I put away the wrapping supplies?”

				Terrence’s eyebrows shot up. “I don’t think so, sweetheart. This one is more than enough. I may want to buy some of your pieces for gifts, though.” He took another glance around. There had to be close to thirty finished pieces. “You really should see about having these in a gallery. They would fly off the shelves.” He held a spectacular snowcapped mountain scene in his hands. The scene looked so real that he gently touched the snow, expecting to feel the cold.

				She started putting the supplies away.

				He replaced the painting then came up behind her and put his hand on her shoulders. “What is it? You seem uncomfortable.”

				“I’ve secretly thought about it, but don’t want all the attention that might follow. I don’t like being in the spotlight.”

				“Neither do I, but you get used to it because you’re doing something you love.”

				She turned around. “You look like a natural when you’re onstage, like you enjoy it.”

				“I enjoy singing and playing music.” He shrugged. “I’d rather be away from the limelight most of the time, but I’ve gotten used to it. You have a true gift, one that should be shared with the world. Think about it.”

				She nodded.

				“Good. Now, is there somewhere we can go to hang out for a little while?”

				“I thought that’s what we’re doing.”

				“Yeah,” he said slowly. “Remember the incident on the couch?” he asked with deliberate emphasis. “It might be safer if we got out of the house for a while.”

				Color rose in her cheeks, and she lowered her head. “Oh.”

				Terrence lifted her chin and smiled tenderly. “As much as I want to make love to you, and I do...badly, I don’t want you to think that I came here for that. I’d like us to get to know each other better. You’re a special woman, and I would never treat you like you’re a booty call. There’s something happening between us, and I won’t lie—it scares the hell out of me. But I still want to see what that something is. Is that okay with you?”

				“Yes, and...thank you.”

				His brows knitted in confusion. “For?”

				“For what you said about me...not...”

				“Being a booty call?” he asked laughingly.

				“Yeah, that.” She smiled.

				He groaned and held her tightly to him, thinking how comfortable he felt with her. “So, where’s a good spot?”

				“Well...there’s a nice coffeehouse not too far from here. They serve other drinks and light snacks, and have great background music. Does that sound okay?”

				“Sounds perfect. Let’s go.”

				“I need to change clothes first,” she said as they left the studio. “I’ll be right out.”

				* * *

				Janae changed her clothes, brushed her hair and redid her ponytail. She thought about what had happened on the couch. She felt as if she were coming out of her skin and was two seconds away from begging him to make love to her—something she would never do with a man she had just met. When he called her special, she could see the sincerity reflected in his eyes. She could see herself falling for him, and falling fast. But she couldn’t afford to let herself succumb to his charms.

				Despite what she heard about him not being a playa in the traditional sense, she couldn’t take any chances. He said he didn’t mistreat women, but he clearly wasn’t the settling-down type, either. The man was a popular musician and fine enough to have a woman in all fifty states and abroad. She really needed to show him the door and tell him not to contact her again. But somehow, she couldn’t force herself to say the words. She stood there a few minutes more, took a deep breath, then went out front.





		 			 				Chapter 6

				While Terrence waited for Janae, he thought about what he’d told her. They shared a definite physical attraction, but something more drew him. It was the “more” he needed to discover. Only Donovan knew where he’d flown; he hadn’t even told his grandparents. He’d simply told them he would be out of town for a day or two. He chuckled softly. If his grandmother found out he was visiting a woman, she probably would have gotten on the plane with him. His cell phone vibrated in his pocket.

				“I’m sorry to bother you, baby. I know you’re busy,” his grandmother started when he answered.

				Speaking of. “Hey, Grandma. You’re not bothering me and I’m not busy. What’s going on?”

				“Nothing. I wanted to let you know that your grandfather and I are going down to San Diego with some friends, and we won’t be back until sometime tomorrow evening.”

				Terrence shook his head. His grandparents had a more active social calendar than he ever had. “Okay. Thanks for letting me know. You guys have fun.” He turned at the sound of Janae’s voice saying she was ready.

				“I have to go, Grandma.”

				“Is that a woman’s voice I hear?”

				“Yes.”

				“Is she a client?”

				Terrence paused. “Um, no.”

				“Hallelujah! Is she a nice girl?”

				“Yes, Grandma. I have to go. I’ll talk to you when you get back. Tell Grandpa I said have fun.”

				Her tinkling laughter came through the line. “All right. I can take a hint. Let me know if she’s a potential granddaughter. Love you, baby.”

				“Love you, too, Grandma.” He stood.

				“Oh. I’m sorry,” Janae said. “I didn’t realize you were on the phone.”

				“It’s all right. I was talking to my grandmother.”

				“Is she okay?”

				“She’s fine. She wanted to let me know she and my grandfather were going out of town this weekend with friends so I wouldn’t worry.”

				“Good for them. Let’s go. Do you want me to drive?”

				“I don’t think so, sweetheart. I can follow directions just fine.”

				The drive to the coffee shop didn’t take long. When they arrived, Terrence opened the door to the SUV and assisted Janae. Taking her hand, he led her up the walk and opened the door. The intimate atmosphere and sound of soft jazz flowing from concealed speakers immediately enveloped him. “This is nice. Where do you want to sit?” The two-story building had tables with seating for four, sofas and smaller love seats. People sat in groups, worked on laptops and read books.

				“We can sit anywhere. There’s probably more room upstairs. I suggest we order first, then find a seat.”

				* * *

				After getting their drinks, Terrence and Janae found a vacant love seat upstairs. They sipped and talked quietly, but were interrupted when Janae’s cell rang.

				She looked at the display and sighed. “Excuse me, Terrence.” She answered. “Hey, Erik.”

				“Who’s the guy?” Erik asked without responding to her greeting.

				“I’m fine. Thanks for asking. How are you?” she asked with annoyance.

				“Hi. Now answer the question. Devin said his name is Terrence, but doesn’t think that’s his real name. You need to be careful. What’s his last name?”

				“Devin needs to mind his own business, and so do you,” she responded tersely.

				“What do you know about this guy? Where did you meet him? And I’m still waiting on a last name.”

				“None of your business, and I’m not telling you his last name. I’m busy right now, so I’m hanging up,” she said through clenched teeth. “Goodbye.” Janae disconnected, leaned back on the love seat and rubbed her temples. “I am so gonna kill Devin,” she muttered.

				Terrence placed his arm around her and pulled her close. “What does your brother want to know about me?”

				“He wants to know your last name. Apparently, Devin didn’t waste any time calling him.”

				Terrence chuckled. “I don’t have a problem with you telling them my last name.”

				She sat up abruptly. “I do.”

				His smile faded. “Are you ashamed to tell your family about me?”

				“No, no, no. It’s nothing like that. My brother Erik works at the Pentagon. If I tell him your last name, in ten minutes he’d know everything about you, including the type and color of your underwear. All three of my brothers would make your life and mine a living hell, and we’d never get a chance to know each other.”

				“That would be a real shame because I really, really want to get to know you.” He leaned close to her ear. “By the way, they’re boxer briefs...black.”

				Her face mirrored confusion. “What?”

				“My underwear. I want you to know before he does.”

				Janae gasped, covered her mouth, then burst out laughing. “I can’t believe you.” She tried hard not to imagine him wearing anything but those black boxer briefs.

				Terrence grinned and wiggled his eyebrows. “So...” He leaned near her again. “What color are yours?”

				Her face tinted, and she shook her head. “You are too bold for me.” She picked up her glass, tilted it to her lips and took a long sip.

				“You look cute when you blush. We’ll save that question for another time...when we know each other better.”

				“Ah, yeah. That’s probably a good idea. So, tell me more about yourself.”

				“What do you want to know?”

				She shrugged. “Anything you want to tell. Where did you grow up? Where did you go to school?”

				He nodded and took a sip of his drink. “I grew up and went to college in Los Angeles.”

				“Did you get a degree in music?”

				“Yes, undergraduate and graduate. I minored in business.”

				“Do you play any other instruments besides piano?”

				“I play percussion, bass and guitar well, and am somewhat competent on the saxophone.”

				“Wow. I wish I could play an instrument.”

				“You’re quite accomplished in another area of the arts. I’m surprised you didn’t choose that as your field of study. What made you want to become a teacher?”

				“When I was in second grade, there was a girl in my class who had cerebral palsy. Sarah Ferguson was in a wheelchair, and every day, the teacher would push her chair to the back of the room and never include her in the class activities. Whenever she would cry, the teacher would turn her chair backward. I asked my teacher why she always left her in the back of the room, and she told me not to worry about Sarah—that she didn’t understand what was going on anyway.”

				Terrence shook his head. “That’s so sad.”

				“It was, so I decided to do something about it. We were doing an activity where we had to match words and pictures. After I finished mine, I cut out another set of words and took them and the picture sheet back to Sarah. I asked if she wanted to do one and she nodded. I found out that, although her body didn’t work well, her mind did. I held up the word, and she pointed to the matching picture. I was so excited that I ran to the teacher and told her.”

				“Was she as excited as you?”

				“On the contrary. Mrs. Douglas didn’t believe me, even when she saw Sarah point to one. She said it was a lucky guess. I was so mad that I went home and told my mother, who was a university professor.”

				“What could your mother do?”

				“My mother called Mrs. Ferguson and told her I had been helping Sarah. Sarah’s mother told my mom that Sarah could, indeed, recognize words. Sarah’s parents had been having the same difficulties with all of Sarah’s teachers, and she and her husband were at their wit’s end.”

				“Did she ever get help?”

				“Yes. My mother connected her with an agency that helps children with special needs. After that, I decided that I wanted to become a teacher to make sure special students weren’t ever left out again.”

				* * *

				Terrence studied Janae. The love and passion for her field was evident in her voice, and he knew that she was a phenomenal educator. “You are incredible.”

				She gave him a shy smile. “Not really. I just love what I do.”

				“It shows.”

				“What about you? Why music?”

				“Music has been part of my life since birth. My father was a gifted jazz musician, and he introduced me to instruments and music before I could walk.” He smiled at the recollection.

				“My parents have a huge jazz collection, but I don’t recall seeing one with the name Campbell.”

				“He wrote most of the music for and played piano in a band called Topaz. The music was phenomenal.”

				“Why didn’t they ever record?”

				He’d never talked about his father to anyone except Donovan. “My father was a twenty-year-old engineering student at the time and played on the weekends. He met, fell in love with and married an eighteen-year-old woman all in the span of six weeks. I was born a year later. My father graduated and got a job in his field to support his family, but continued to play some weekends. The band was in the midst of recording their first album when my father was diagnosed with a brain tumor.”

				“Oh, no,” she whispered. “How old were you?”

				He took a deep breath. “It was a month after my eighth birthday.”

				She reached over and squeezed his hand. “I’m so sorry. Were doctors able to remove the tumor?”

				He nodded. “But he had to learn how to walk all over again and needed help with dressing, eating, bathing...everything.”

				“That had to be hard for you, being so young,” she said emotionally. “What about your mother?”

				His gaze hardened. “She walked out.”

				“What do you mean?”

				Terrence remembered that day clearly as if it had happened yesterday....

				* * *

				“I can’t do this anymore, Ray.”

				“What are you talking about?”

				“This...this whole thing. I’m only twenty-seven years old. I’m not cut out to play nurse to an invalid husband.”

				“You act like I asked for this. How do you think I feel? I’m a twenty-nine-year-old man who is supposed to be in the prime of his life. I can’t even play with my son. And you know the doctors said I would regain full function of my limbs.”

				“Yeah, but that could take months. I don’t know if I want to spend months waiting for something that might not happen.”

				“What’s this really about, Dana? You’ve seemed unhappy for a while now.”

				“I didn’t bargain for all this when we got married.”

				“Then why did you marry me?”

				“I fell in love with a musician. I wanted that life.”

				“What are you talking about? I never stopped my music.”

				“No. But you didn’t pursue it, either. You could have been huge. Instead, you settled for being an engineer.”

				“In other words, you wanted fame and glamour. What about your dreams? I’ve tried encouraging you to find your passion.”

				“I wanted to travel all over the country, live in a huge mansion and go to parties. That was my dream...my passion.”

				“We live in a four-thousand-square-foot house, Dana. This isn’t large enough?”

				“I want out, Ray. I’m too young to waste my life like this.”

				“Waste your life?” he shouted. “What about your son? You’d just walk out on him?”

				“I never wanted children. Besides, he loves you more anyway.”

				“Mom?”

				“Terrence. What do you need, son?” his father asked.

				Terrence ignored his father and kept his gaze fixed on his mother. “Did you mean what you said, Mom?”

				“Terrence...I...”

				“Did you mean what you said?” he yelled. When she remained silent, he turned and fled, ignoring his father’s plea to come back.

				When the next-door neighbor brought Terrence back to his dad, Terrence’s tearstained face was a mask of stone. He rushed into his father’s open arms, held on tightly and cried.

				“Everything is going to be all right, Terrence. Everything will be fine, son,” his father whispered over and over.

				* * *

				Terrence got so lost in his memories he hadn’t realized Janae was crying until he heard her sniffles. “Hey, I didn’t tell you that to make you cry.” He tightened his arms around her.

				“I know,” she said. She wrapped her arms around his middle, hugging him tight. “I’m so sorry you had to go through that. I wish I could do something to take that pain away from you. I can’t understand how a mother could turn her back on her child like that or walk out on a sick husband. I’m getting angry, and I’ve never met her.”

				Terrence stared at her for a long minute and saw the earnestness in her eyes. He knew she would never leave her child like that. His chest tightened. The fact that she cried for him opened up spaces inside him he hadn’t know were there. Her sweet and loving spirit drew him even more. It would be harder to keep his distance than he’d thought. “I’m okay now. My grandparents came to stay with us and helped with my father.”

				“So he recovered?”

				“That time, yes,” he answered softly. “They found another one ten years later, but he didn’t survive.” Terrence took a couple of deep breaths to steady his emotions. He’d had no intention of sharing all of this with her, but somehow, the words tumbled out.

				“You were only eighteen. He never saw you go to college. Did he get a chance to see you graduate high school?”

				“I was in my second year of college when he died.”

				“You graduated high school at sixteen? Not only are you a gifted musician, but a genius as well, huh?”

				“No, nothing like that. I studied hard.”

				She leaned back and angled her head. “Please. You skipped two grade levels. What was your GPA when you graduated high school?”

				“Four point five.”

				“I rest my case. You must have taken every advanced placement and honors class they offered at the school.”

				He grinned sheepishly and shrugged.

				“So you had both bachelor’s and master’s degrees by age twenty-two, correct?”

				“Yeah.”

				“Like I said, certified genius.” Her voice softened. “Your father would be really, really proud of the man you’ve become.”

				He lowered his head. He felt it again—that tightening in his chest.

				She reached for his hand. “I’m honored that you shared your story with me and want you to know I will keep every word in confidence.”

				He brought her hand to his lips and kissed it softly. “I have no doubts about that, Janae. You’re a very special woman.”

				Several minutes passed before either of them spoke. Terrence glanced down at his watch and realized that over two hours had gone by.

				“Do you need to leave?” she asked.

				“No. I didn’t realize how late it was. I’m not keeping you from anything, am I?”

				“Not at all. How long are you planning to stay?”

				“As long as you’ll allow me, but at the latest, tomorrow afternoon. Are there any hotels close to where you live?”

				“Not really. But...there are two extra bedrooms at my house. You’re welcome to use one.”

				“You trust me enough to stay in your home?”

				“Strangely enough, I do.”

				“Thank you, Janae. I promise I won’t do anything to break that trust.”

				“Are you ready to leave?”

				“Sure. Can we stop at a store on the way? I’d like to cook for you.”

				“You don’t have to do that, Terrence.”

				“I want to. Cooking is relaxing for me.”

				She nodded. “All right.”

				While he drove, Terrence had a hard time keeping his eyes on the road and off Janae. When he stopped at a light, he studied Janae’s profile as she sat with her eyes closed, long lashes fanning out on her cheek. His gaze lingered over the delicate curve of her jaw and the lush fullness of her lips. He had become addicted from the first time he’d kissed her. Her sweet kisses drove him crazy with desire and made him forget all the reasons he should stay away.

				A horn blared behind him, and he glanced up to see the light had changed. He shook his head and started through the intersection. He had never been so distracted by a woman. Then again, he had never met a woman like Janae.





		 			 				Chapter 7

				“Oh, shoot,” Janae said while searching her pockets. “I think I left the list in the car.”

				“No problem. I’ll run back, get it and meet you at the door.”

				Janae watched Terrence jog back to the car, then continued toward the store entrance.

				“Janae. Is that you?” an older woman exiting the store called.

				“Hi, Mrs. Jenkins.” She embraced the older woman. “How’s retirement?” Mrs. Jenkins had retired two years ago after forty years as an educator.

				“Great, except that Gordon is driving me crazy. I have to come to the grocery store to get some peace.”

				Janae laughed. “I’m sure Mr. Jenkins is glad to have you home.”

				“Hmph. How are your parents?”

				“They’re doing fine. You know Mama can’t seem to fully retire. She’s a visiting professor this semester at one of the community colleges in Santa Fe.”

				“I can believe that. Well, I won’t hold you, baby. It was good to see you. Tell your mother hello the next time you talk to her.”

				“I will. It was good to see you, too. Take care of yourself.” Janae made her way to the door and reached for a basket.

				“Well, well. If it isn’t the little teacher.”

				Janae froze, then turned slowly to face her ex. “Hello, Lawrence.”

				“Oh, don’t pretend to be nice,” he said, sneering. “You got me fired from my job.”

				She silently counted to ten. “Lawrence, I have no idea what you’re talking about. I had nothing to do with that. I didn’t even know about it until you told me. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have some shopping to do.”

				“Don’t walk away from me, you little slut!” He latched on to her arm.

				“Let go of me! Have you lost your mind?” She snatched her arm back.

				By now, a few women had gathered and viewed the exchange with interest.

				Janae tried to step around him and go into the store, but he blocked the entrance. “Lawrence, for the last time, leave me alone.”

				He leaned down close to her face. “And if I don’t?”

				“Then you’ll deal with me,” Terrence said with lethal calmness.

				Janae hadn’t even noticed Terrence approaching. This is all I need today. “It’s okay, Terrence. I’m fine. Let’s go in the store.” She tried to push him toward the door, but it was like trying to move a mountain.

				“So, you’re the new boyfriend?” Lawrence looked him up and down with contempt. “Well, I’ll let you in on a little secret. She’s a frigid bi—”

				Terrence smashed his fist into the man’s face, dropping him like a stone.

				The women standing around applauded. Janae grabbed hold of Terrence as he stood over Lawrence’s prone body and half dragged, half pushed him into the store.

				“Are you all right?” Terrence asked as he inspected her arm for bruises.

				“I’m fine. It’s you I’m worried about.”

				“Why?” He flexed his hand.

				“You could have broken your hand. You need your hands to play your instruments.”

				“My hand is fine. Who’s the jerk?”

				“My ex. Can we talk about this later?”

				“Sure.”

				* * *

				“Later” turned out to be while he prepared dinner. “Okay, Janae. Tell me about the man at the store.”

				She sighed heavily. “We dated for about eight months and had even talked about marriage. Then I was selected for a teaching position we’d both applied for. He wanted me to turn it down so he could have it. So I walked. That was over a year ago.”

				“He’s still pissed about that?”

				“No. His contract isn’t going to be renewed, so he’s blaming me for his being let go. There’ve been serious budget cuts, and several teachers have been on the chopping block across the district.”

				“Has he harassed you before?”

				“About three months ago.”

				“Does Devin know about him?”

				“Yeah, why?”

				“I think you should tell him what happened today. I’m not comfortable leaving without knowing you’ll be protected. What if he harasses you again?”

				“I don’t think that’s necessary. I’m sure it won’t happen again, especially after what you did.” She stood. “Do you need me to help with anything? If not, I’m going to take care of a couple of things.”

				“No. Dinner should be ready in about thirty minutes. Janae?”

				She stopped and turned around. “Yes?”

				“I still think you should tell your brother.”

				She held his eyes for a moment before leaving the kitchen.

				* * *

				Janae sat in her studio working on her latest painting. She appreciated Terrence’s concern, but didn’t want things to escalate any further. The last thing she needed was her brothers going to jail for killing Lawrence, because that was exactly what would happen if any one of them found out he’d put his hands on their sister. What a mess. A small smile formed on her lips when she recalled how Terrence had knocked him out. Hopefully, it would be the end of Lawrence’s harassment.

				She’d only been painting a short time when the aroma of whatever Terrence was cooking hit her nose. It smelled heavenly and made her stomach growl. Janae still couldn’t believe he’d flown to see her. Okay, they were attracted to each other, and he seemed like a genuinely nice guy. But the fact remained that he was rich and famous. She was a teacher. He lived in Los Angeles. She lived in San Jose. This relationship was headed down the road to nowhere, and she’d do well to remember that.

				Knowing dinner would be ready shortly, Janae finished the area she’d been working on, then cleaned and stored her supplies. Looking down at her clothes, she realized she had been so distracted that she’d forgotten to put on her apron. She exited the studio and ran into a solid mass.

				Terrence placed his hands on Janae’s waist to steady her. “Are you okay?”

				“Yes. Sorry. I wasn’t watching where I was going. Is dinner ready? It smells wonderful,” she said when he nodded. “I need to clean up a bit. I’ll be right out.”

				He brushed the loose strands of hair off her face and touched his mouth to hers gently. “I’ll be waiting.”

				Janae nodded and hurried to her bedroom. She leaned against the closed door with her eyes shut, drawing in deep breaths to slow her heart rate. Hadn’t she just told herself to keep her emotions in check? Being near Terrence made all sorts of foolish thoughts run through her mind, but she was determined not to fall under his spell. She washed up, changed her shirt, then noticed her hair had come loose. She pulled off the band and brushed the curly mass before securing it back into a ponytail, then headed to the kitchen.

				“You set the table, too.” Admittedly impressed, Janae realized not succumbing to his charms might be harder than she’d thought.

				He pulled out a chair. “Come and sit. I’ll serve you.”

				She sat in the chair and waited as he prepared and brought their plates to the table. Next, he set a smaller plate of French bread in the center and opened the chilled bottle of wine. He filled their glasses and took the chair across from her.

				Her gaze roamed over the lobster, crab and asparagus over penne pasta. “Everything looks and smells so good, Terrence. Thank you.”

				“You’re welcome.”

				They blessed their food, and Janae immediately dug in. She moaned. “This is so good. Who taught you to cook?”

				“Glad you like it. My grandmother taught me some things when I was younger, but I basically taught myself.”

				She lifted her glass. “To the cook.”

				He touched his glass to hers and inclined his head. “Sorry the bread isn’t homemade. I didn’t have enough time.”

				“You can make homemade French bread?”

				He nodded. “I’ll have to make it for you some other time.”

				“I’m going to hold you to it.”

				“When we were talking earlier, you mentioned that teachers were being cut because of budget reductions. Is there a chance your contract won’t be renewed?”

				“Not so far. I have a good chance of keeping my position because it’s a specialty area.”

				“What’s your degree in?”

				She took a sip of her wine before answering. “My undergraduate degree is in child and adolescent development. I have a master’s in education, with a concentration in special education.”

				“Seems like someone else is the brainiac,” he said with a smile.

				“I don’t think so.” She laughed. “Unlike somebody else, I had to study my butt off.”

				“Uh-huh. What was your GPA in college?”

				Janae toyed with the remaining food on her plate. “Three point eight,” she mumbled.

				“Magna cum laude. I knew it. Your family must be really proud of you.”

				“They are. You should have seen my brothers. I thought they were excited when I got my undergrad degree, but they made so much noise when I crossed the stage to get my graduate degree that they were almost ejected from the ceremony. I was so embarrassed.”

				“They love you a lot.”

				“Yeah, and are a royal pain in the butt. Now, did you graduate summa cum laude?”

				He stared at his plate before murmuring, “Yeah.”

				“I rest my case, Mr. Brainiac.” She forked up another portion of pasta.

				He shook his head and continued eating.

				After cleaning her plate, Janae leaned back and sighed contentedly. “Thank you so much for dinner. Everything was delicious. You’ll have to give me the recipe.”

				“My pleasure, sweetheart. I’ll make sure you get the recipe. I made enough for you to have leftovers. For some reason, it tastes better the second time around.”

				“That’s great. I can have it for lunch on Monday. Since you cooked, I’ll clean the kitchen. Go make yourself comfortable. You can watch TV or listen to music. I’ll be done shortly.”

				“If I help, we can get done quicker and both get comfortable.” He stood, stacked their plates and put them in the sink.

				She picked up their wineglasses and followed him to the sink. “No. You’re my guest. You only get one guest pass, so I suggest you use it.” Janae pushed him in the direction of the door. “Out. I’ll be done in a few minutes.”

				“All right, all right. I’m going.”

				As Janae cleaned the kitchen, she started to rethink her offer to let Terrence spend the night. He was too fine, too sexually potent. And hadn’t she learned her lesson from Lawrence and Carter? But it would be rude to retract her offer now. She’d just have to keep her desire under wraps. Easy. No problem.

				Yeah, right.

				* * *

				Terrence didn’t watch much TV, so he opted for music. Browsing her collection, he realized Janae’s musical taste was almost as eclectic as his. He selected a Brian Culbertson CD, kicked off his shoes and stretched out on the couch. In his mind, he went over his schedule for the next few weeks. He had to pull some long hours in the coming week since he would be out of his office for a couple of weeks touring. Then he had the CD release party for one of the label’s artists the following week. Maybe he could convince Janae to accompany him....

				He sat up abruptly. He was making plans as if they were a couple, something he’d purposely stayed away from since becoming an adult. Like he had told Janae, he didn’t consider himself a playa—he was very selective about who he brought to his bed, and he didn’t sleep with every woman he met—but he never made plans beyond the first date. A woman could consider herself lucky to have been asked on more than one date. Meeting Janae had him thinking crazy thoughts about relationships and commitments. But all he had to do was remember his mother’s betrayal to get his head straight again.

				He started to lie back down but sat up when Janae entered. Terrence extended his hand. “Come join me.” He read the uncertainty in her expression, as if she was remembering what had happened earlier on the couch. “We’ll be fine. I promise. I put on the music, but we can turn on the TV if you want.”

				“No. The music is fine. I don’t watch a lot of TV.”

				He lay back and pulled her down, adjusting their bodies so that they were spooned. “Perfect.”

				What was it about this little woman that had him so tied up in knots? Lying with her filled him with such contentment that it scared him. Terrence tried to recall if he’d ever felt like this with another woman. He hadn’t. He couldn’t remember ever sitting and talking for hours with one, either. And he certainly hadn’t cooked for one or shared his history. All the women he’d dated since college had gone out with the man known as Monte—the outgoing music star. Janae was the only woman who’d gotten a glimpse of the real Terrence—the homebody who preferred a quiet evening at home. What did that mean?

				They lay quietly together, content to let the music play. Nearly an hour passed before either spoke.

				“You must be tired,” Janae murmured.

				She sat up, and he immediately felt bereft. Lying with her had him thinking things better left alone. Terrence smiled faintly. “A little. It’s been a long week.” He sat up and stretched.

				“I can imagine. And you’ve been touring, too. I don’t know how you do it. After only one week of going nonstop, I’d be grouchy as a bear whose hibernation was interrupted.”

				Terrence laughed. “You get used to it.” He stood. “I’m gonna get my bag out of the car.”

				“Okay.”

				Janae hadn’t moved from her spot when Terrence came back. He wondered if she had second thoughts and asked her about it.

				“No. I trust you. Come on. I’ll show you your room.” She led him to one of the guest rooms and flipped the light switch. She stepped back to let him enter.

				Terrence took in the space, with its dark, heavy furniture and king-size bed with suede bedding. He figured it had been one of her brothers’ rooms.

				“Is this okay? I thought you might be more comfortable in here than the other room.”

				“It’s fine.”

				“There are towels in the bathroom. Is there anything else you need?”

				“No, thank you. I think I have everything.” He sensed her nervousness and reached out for her hand. “Are you sure you’re okay with this? I don’t want you to be uncomfortable. I can go to a hotel.”

				She shook her head. “I’m good. Let me know if you need anything.” She backed out and pulled the door closed.

				Terrence stripped and stepped into the shower. The warm water cascading over his tired body felt good. He had been going nonstop for the past two months. This was the first weekend in a long time that he’d been able to relax, aside from the time he’d spent in San Francisco. He thought about the woman whose house he would stay in. A first. Never had he stayed over at a woman’s house or invited one to stay in his. Actually, no woman had ever seen his home. He had a condo he used for business gatherings and such, but kept his real home away from the public.

				He lingered a while longer before shutting off the water, drying off and going back into the room. Pulling on underwear and sweatpants, he grabbed the demo CD from the bag, then headed back to the family room.

				Terrence peeked in the kitchen, but didn’t see Janae and assumed she was in her bedroom. He inserted the disc and pressed Play. Standing in the middle of the floor, he clasped his hands behind his back and closed his eyes. Something about the track bothered him. He had listened to it a few times already, but couldn’t put his finger on it. Maybe this time the inconsistency would come to him.

				* * *

				After cleaning the kitchen, Janae decided to take her own bath while Terrence was in the shower. She’d been so comfortable lying on the couch with him. He’d said it was perfect, and she felt the same way, but kept those sentiments to herself. Besides, she couldn’t get caught up in feelings. She knew it would be only a matter of time before he moved on—there was no way he would keep traveling back and forth to see her, especially since he could have his pick of women all over the country who were far more glamorous than she. So the best thing for her would be to keep things in perspective and store up these memories for when it ended.

				When she left her bedroom, she didn’t see him and thought he hadn’t come out of his room. The phone rang as she entered the kitchen.

				“Hey, Karen.” Janae sat at the kitchen table listening to Karen go on and on about the new bracelet she’d received from her boyfriend. “That’s really nice, Karen.”

				“Girl, I was so surprised,” she squealed. “It has to be at least three carats.”

				“I’m happy for you. Is there a special occasion, or is this a just-because gift?”

				“It has to be just-because. My birthday already passed, and our anniversary isn’t for another three months. I love that man so much.”

				“I know you do,” Janae said with a laugh.

				“If it wasn’t so late, I might drive over to your house tonight and let you see it.”

				No way would she let Karen come over and find Terrence staying overnight. “Yes, it is late. I’ll see it on Monday. I’m sure you’ll still be wearing it.”

				“What about tomorrow? I don’t want to wait that long.”

				“I have a few errands to run, and I don’t know how long I’ll be out,” Janae replied quickly.

				“Oh...well, okay. I guess I’ll have to wait,” Karen grumbled.

				The sound of music floated into the kitchen. Curious, Janae stood and went to the kitchen door. Terrence stood in the center of the floor, shirtless. “Oh. My. Goodness,” she whispered.

				“Janae? What are you talking about? What’s going on?”

				Karen called her name several times before she answered. “What? What did you say?”

				“I asked what’s going on? What are you looking at?”

				“A magnificent male specimen,” Janae answered absently.

				“Ooh. Sculpted pecs and biceps?” Karen asked excitedly.

				“Like you wouldn’t believe,” she whispered in awe.

				“Six-pack?”

				“If my count is correct.” Terrence’s smooth, rich chocolate skin and rippling muscles mesmerized her.

				“Janae. What channel are you watching? Hurry up, girl. I don’t want to miss it.”

				“What? What...channel? What are you talking about?”

				Karen sighed impatiently. “Girl, what’s the matter with you? I asked you what channel the hunk is on?”

				“What hunk?”

				“Are you drunk or something?”

				“Of course not. Are you crazy?”

				“That’s what I’m wondering about you. Now let’s see if you can understand me. What...channel...is...the...sexy...man...you’re...watching...on?”

				“Um, he’s not... I’m not watching TV. I have to go. I’ll talk to you later.” She could still hear Karen fussing as she disconnected.

				Janae stood there and watched Terrence with his head tilted back as if in deep thought. Then she heard the music. It didn’t sound familiar, and she knew it wasn’t his music or his voice. The up-tempo beat sounded okay, but the voice didn’t move her. He must have sensed her presence because he opened his eyes and turned his head toward her.

				“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt you.”

				“You didn’t. Come here.”

				When she got closer, she noticed a tattoo across his heart. “Nice tattoo. A curved music staff with notes, huh?”

				“Music is my only passion. My only love.”

				She nodded. He confirmed what she already knew. “What are you listening to? I know it’s not your music.”

				“It’s a demo of a guy who wants to be represented by our label. I have a meeting with him this week. What do you think?”

				“Are you sure you want my opinion?”

				He nodded.

				“Well, the music is not too bad, but his voice doesn’t move me. It sounds... I don’t know. I can’t put my finger on it.” He stared at her so long she thought she’d said something wrong.

				“I agree. That’s why I’ve been listening to it so many times. I think I finally figured out what the problem is.”

				“Do you think he’ll be someone you’ll represent?”

				“Probably not, if what I suspect is true.”

				“I bet you get lots of demos.”

				“We do, but there’s a team that listens to them. I only get the ones that they want me to take a second listen to, or those that have promise. Even if I like the music, there’s no guarantee of a partnership. In addition to great music, the artist and our team will need to be able to work together.”

				“I can see that. If they’re not a good fit, it would be hard to get things done.” Janae did her best to keep her eyes on his face and her hands to herself.

				He stopped the CD, which he’d put on repeat. “No more talk about work. I’ll have to get back to it soon enough. I want to take advantage of every minute with you.” He lowered his head and kissed her gently. The kiss quickly heated up. Terrence angled his head and deepened the kiss.

				Janae ran her hands up the strength of his arms, across his smooth, hard chest and around his neck, then melted against him. Her knees buckled, and he tightened his grip to keep her from falling. When the kiss ended, they were both breathing harshly. His hands on her body drove her insane.

				“There is something about you,” Terrence murmured against her lips. He planted butterfly kisses along her jaw before reclaiming her mouth again.

				Janae backed out of his hold. She had to get away from this man—now—before she did something crazy. “Um...I’m going to turn in. Do you need anything?”

				“No.” He touched his mouth to hers once more. “I’ll see you in the morning.”

				She felt his eyes on her as she hurried off, and she fought the temptation to turn around. She closed her bedroom door, then flopped down on the bed and tried to slow her racing heart.

				What in the world have I gotten myself into? She had never had a problem putting the brakes on when a man got too close, especially since her heart had been shattered. But Terrence had a way of making her break all the rules she put in place to protect herself, to keep her heart safe.





		 			 				Chapter 8

				Terrence sat in his office, staring out the window and thinking about his weekend. He’d gotten Janae to sing and admitted she had a pretty decent voice. He smiled at the memory of her trying to teach him to paint. That had been a mess. Where her landscapes looked as such, his ended up looking like globs of color haphazardly thrown on a canvas that wouldn’t even pass as an abstract. He still couldn’t get over the fact that she’d given him one of her pieces. He’d hung it in his bedroom where he could see it every night when he closed his eyes and every morning when he opened them.

				“Now, that’s an expression I don’t think I’ve ever seen on your face.”

				Terrence rotated the chair toward his secretary and leaned forward. “What type of expression is that?”

				“Hmm. Let’s see. That grin...the sparkle in your eyes...it’s an I-met-a-girl expression.”

				He shook his head. “When would I have time to meet a woman? I’m either here or on the road. You said it yourself—I can’t meet a nice girl working all the time. Nothing has changed.”

				“Whatever you say.”

				Her piercing gaze had him almost squirming in his chair. “Was there something you needed, Mrs. Lewis?”

				“Yes. I wanted to give you these three demos. I also need your signature on a couple of things.”

				“Okay.” He accepted the CDs, read over and signed the two documents.

				“Any new promising artists?”

				“Not so far. I’ll take a listen to these three and see.”

				“I hope you’re not thinking of signing that DT Spin character.” She made a face. “When I called to make the appointment, he had the nerve to tell me he had to check his schedule and get back to me in a couple of days.”

				“What did you tell him?”

				“I politely told him Wednesday at nine was the only available day, and if he wasn’t interested, we could offer the slot to someone else.”

				“I’m assuming he was available since his name is on my schedule,” he said with a wry chuckle.

				“You assume right,” she said sweetly. “So please tell me you’re not signing him.”

				“Probably not. Anything else?”

				“Not right now.”

				“Okay. Thanks. How’s your daughter?”

				“Almost there. The baby’s due next month. I can’t wait to be a grandma again.”

				“Tell her I said hello.”

				“I sure will.”

				After his secretary’s departure, he allowed himself a few more minutes to think about Janae before settling down to work.

				* * *

				Janae stood at the copier waiting for the sheets to finish printing. She shook her head, thinking about the mess Terrence had made while painting. He definitely needed to keep his day job.

				“Morning, Janae.”

				“Good morning, Laura. How was your weekend?”

				The teacher let out a frustrated sigh. “Absolutely boring. No man, no date. Not even a good book. What about yours?”

				“I hung around the house all weekend.” She smiled and picked up her stack. “It’s all yours. See you later.”

				“Thanks.”

				Janae unlocked her classroom and opened the door. All of a sudden, someone came up behind her and shoved her into the room. “What the...?”

				“Let’s go, missy.”

				“Karen? Girl, what is wrong with you?”

				Karen shut the door, put her hand on a hip and pointed a finger at Janae. “What is wrong with me? I didn’t hang up on you. So, out with it.”

				Janae bit her lip to stifle a laugh. “Out with what?” She walked over to deposit the papers on her desk, with Karen right on her heels.

				“Don’t try to act all innocent. I want to know about that sexy man you were talking about on Saturday.”

				She shrugged. “It was nothing. Just some guy. Hey, you were right. This bracelet is beautiful.” Janae lifted Karen’s hand and studied the jewelry.

				Karen snatched her hand back. “We’re not talking about my bracelet. You said you weren’t watching TV, so that leaves two options. You were either peeping at someone through the window, or the guy was in your house.”

				“Girl, you have some imagination.”

				“Since I know you aren’t a Peeping Tom and it was dark, I can only assume you had a man over to your house. I can’t believe you found a new guy and didn’t tell me. I thought we were friends.”

				“I didn’t find a new guy, Karen, so cut the drama.”

				“I know you didn’t have Lawrence or Carter over there.”

				“Definitely not.”

				“Well, who was it? You might as well tell me because I’m not leaving you alone until I get some answers.”

				Janae sighed. “Fine. Terrence.”

				“Monte was at your house? Did he have some business up here over the weekend?”

				“No.”

				“Wait. Are you saying he came to San Jose just to see you?”

				“Apparently.”

				Karen squealed and clapped her hands. “Look at you, girl. Got music mogul Monte hot on your tail.”

				“I don’t think so.”

				“Please. What did y’all do?”

				“Nothing much. Hung out and talked.”

				“No parties, no clubs, no fancy restaurants?”

				“Nope. Sorry to disappoint you.”

				“So what’s he like?”

				“I already told you. He’s a nice guy.”

				“Well, he’s a definite improvement from the last two.”

				“Speaking of the last two, I saw Lawrence when we stopped at the grocery store.”

				“Is he still spewing that crap about you having something to do with his contract not being renewed?”

				“Yep. He actually got in my face.”

				“Did you use some of those moves your brothers taught you?”

				“I didn’t get a chance. Terrence walked up and dropped him with one punch.”

				“I’m liking him more and more. Now, that I would’ve liked to see.” Karen chuckled. “I bet Lawrence was shocked.”

				“I don’t know. We left him out there. When we came out of the store, he was gone.”

				“Well, good for Monte.” She shook her head. “I mean, Terrence. Is he coming back to see you soon?”

				“Probably not. He’s going to be pretty busy with touring and with his music label.”

				“Hmph. We’ll see. I think he likes you. I guess I’d better get to my classroom. See you later.”

				“Bye.”

				Alone now, she thought about what Karen said. If she were honest with herself, she would confess to liking him, too. But she had no intentions of losing her heart to the popular music star. Besides, he told her he only had one love—music. She had her teaching and her painting. That was enough.

				* * *

				Janae stood and stretched. She had been in her studio for almost three hours working on her latest piece, a full moon rising over the mountains at sunset. She’d seen the spectacular view in New Mexico while visiting her parents. If she closed her eyes, she could see it clearly in her mind as if she were standing in the spot that evening.

				The desk clock read eleven o’clock—far past the time for her to be in bed. Janae cleaned her brushes and started from the room. She noticed the piece she’d done of the snowcapped mountains leaning against the wall. Terrence had seemed to really enjoy it. Making a decision, she picked up the piece, carried it over to the table and wrapped it. She could drop it off tomorrow on her way to work. Smiling, she turned off the light and headed to her bedroom.

				* * *

				Terrence shoved the chair back from the desk, then stalked out of his office. “Mrs. Lewis, has there been any word from Darren Thomas?” he asked with irritation. “His appointment was at nine, and it’s seven minutes past.”

				“No, Monte. Not one word. What would you like me to do?”

				“If he’s not here in the next five minutes, you can tell him his appointment has been canceled.”

				“Gladly, son.”

				He spun on his heels and went back into his office. Two minutes later, a knock sounded on his door and Mrs. Lewis stuck her head in.

				“Monte, he’s here,” she said with a frown. “He has a little entourage with him.”

				“I don’t have time for this today,” he muttered. “Can you have Donovan come over?”

				“Sure. Do you want to wait until Donovan arrives before you see him?”

				“Yes, please. Thank you.”

				“No problem.” She turned toward the outer office. “It will be just a minute. Please have a seat,” Terrence heard her say as she closed the door.

				Donovan knocked on Monte’s door minutes later, entered, then closed it behind him. “What’s with the circus?”

				“I have no idea.”

				“Did you ever figure out what was bothering you about his demo?”

				He nodded. “Let’s head up to the studio. There should be one that’s not in use right now.”

				“The studio?” Donovan asked, puzzled.

				“Yep.” He opened the door. Extending his hand, he greeted the young man. “Mr. Thomas, thank you for coming.”

				“DT Spin. Yeah. Thanks, Monte. Are we ready to do this? ’Cause I’m ready to get phat paid.”

				Out of the corner of his eye, Terrence could see Donovan stifling a laugh and Mrs. Lewis rolling her eyes. “There are a couple of things we need to do first. We’ll be going to the studio. Due to the limited space, your group will need to wait for you in the lobby.”

				“Yeah, yeah, sure.” He turned to his group. “Y’all go ahead and wait.”

				Once in the studio, Monte directed the young man into the isolation booth and gave him instructions.

				“Uh...uh...I didn’t know I was gonna have to sing today. I thought we was just gonna go over the contract and stuff, you know.”

				“This is the starting point for all potential clients.” Terrence joined Donovan in the control room. “Ready?”

				He nodded. The music started.

				Darren Thomas sang the first verse, and Terrence stopped the recording.

				“Something wrong, Monte?” he asked.

				“Can you explain why your voice doesn’t sound like the demo you submitted?” At the young man’s silence, he asked, “Is this actually your voice?”

				“Um...it was kind of fixed a little, you know. Ain’t that how it’s done now?”

				“Please come into the control room.”

				Donovan gave up his seat.

				“Some places may do that, but not here at RC Productions. Also, you were ten minutes late for your appointment. That is a blatant disrespect of my time. I don’t think you would be a good fit for us, but I can provide you with a list of other companies who may be a better fit.” He stood and offered his hand.

				Darren Thomas came to his feet slowly and extended his hand.

				Terrence reached up and pulled a sheet from a wall file. “Here’s a list of other recording labels. Good luck to you, Mr. Thomas.”

				“Yeah, thanks.” He took the paper and shuffled out of the room.

				Once the door closed, Donovan let out the laughter he’d been holding in. “Man, I can’t believe he thought no one would figure out he had his voice altered on the recording, if it’s even his. His voice isn’t even passable. Terrence, why did you give that boy a list? What you should have told him was to find something else to do.”

				He shook his head. “Hey, there are some folks turning out that kind of music. But I have to agree with you—the voice wasn’t even close to passable.”

				“Since we’ve been so busy this week, I didn’t get a chance to ask how your weekend went.”

				“It was good.”

				“That’s it? It was good? Come on, T, you can do better than that. I know for a fact you didn’t come back until Sunday, so it must have been better than good.”

				“I enjoyed spending time with Janae. We pretty much talked the whole time.”

				“Talk? That’s all? You didn’t...?”

				“No, we did not, D. Didn’t I tell you she wasn’t some groupie or booty call?”

				“Yeah, man. You’re really feeling this girl, aren’t you?”

				He leaned back in his chair. “Yeah. But I need to keep things in perspective.”

				“What does that mean? Never mind. I already know. When are you going to let go of the past? It’s been over twenty years, Terrence.”

				Terrence stood and started from the room. “I have let go of the past.”

				“Yeah. Right,” Donovan muttered. He pushed off the wall and followed him.

				“Is everything all right, Monte? You look upset,” Mrs. Lewis noted as soon as he entered the office. “What did you do to him, Donovan?”

				Donovan laughed. “Why do you always think I’ve done something to him? I didn’t do anything. Monte, will you please tell your secretary that I didn’t do anything?”

				“I’m fine, Mrs. Lewis. Just have a lot on my mind right now.”

				“Okay, son, if you’re sure. How did things go with that Spin character?”

				“Mrs. Lewis, that boy needs to find something else to do,” Donovan cracked.

				“That bad, huh?” She laughed softly.

				“Worse,” Donovan confirmed.

				Terrence shook his head and went into his office. This thing with Janae had gotten out of control, and he had no idea how to stop it. How in the hell was he going to stay away from her?

				Donovan entered a few minutes later. “We cool, man?”

				“Yeah. What day are we leaving next week?”

				“I’m thinking Wednesday. You have shows on Friday and Saturday, so it’ll give you and the band some time to rehearse. We’ll leave Philadelphia on Sunday for D.C., since you have that radio interview on Monday morning. Kenny heard about you coming that way, so he wants to try to hook up.” Kenny Mills was another one of their friends from college.

				“That’s fine. See if he’ll be available for dinner Monday. Are we flying back on Tuesday?”

				“That’s the plan. I know we have to get ready for Kaleidoscope’s CD release party on that Saturday, and you need some downtime. I’m really looking forward to hearing some good jazz and R & B.”

				“Me, too. I think the finished product is really good. Have you heard it yet?”

				“No. I heard a little when they were mixing in the studio, though.”

				He reached in a drawer, pulled out a CD, then handed it to Donovan. “You can listen to my copy.”

				“I’ll bring it back.” Donovan stood. “I’m going back to my office. You want to go to lunch later?”

				“Around twelve-thirty okay?”

				“Fine.”

				* * *

				Terrence dropped down on the side of his bed and kicked off his shoes. He was tired and hungry. He and Donovan had had to cancel lunch to take care of some issues with one of their clients. Then there had been back-to-back meetings until seven. All he wanted was a hot shower, some food and his bed.

				Standing, he stripped out of his clothes and headed for the bathroom. Fifteen minutes later, he jogged downstairs, revived but starving. In the kitchen, he spotted a foil-covered plate on the stove. He peeled back the cover, the aroma of chicken teriyaki stir-fry over rice filling his nostrils. He heated the meal, poured a glass of iced tea and took a seat at the kitchen table. While eating, he leafed through the stack of mail. Most of it was junk.

				“Hey, baby.”

				Terrence turned at the sound of his grandmother’s voice. “Hey, Grandma. How was your day?” He stood, wrapped his arms around her and kissed her temple, then reclaimed his seat.

				“Oh, not too bad. You look like you had a long day.” She took a seat next to him.

				“It was. Where’s Grandpa?”

				“I left him watching TV. I heard you drive up, but wanted to give you a few minutes to settle in before I came over.”

				He looked up from his food with concern. “Is anything wrong?”

				“No. You had a delivery today. Were you expecting something?”

				“No. Nothing. What was it?”

				She got up from the table, went into the other room and came back with a package. “I thought maybe you ordered a picture or something. Seems like the only thing that would fit into this. And it’s not too heavy.”

				“What does it say on the return address?” he asked around a mouthful of food.

				“Nothing.”

				Terrence swallowed, took a sip of his tea and got up to open the slim box. He unwrapped the package and gasped.

				“Wow. That’s a stunning piece,” she said, coming to stand next to him. “It must have cost you a pretty penny. I thought you said you didn’t order anything.”

				He couldn’t believe Janae had sent him the picture she’d done of the snowcapped mountains.

				“Terrence?”

				“Huh? What? I’m sorry, Grandma. Did you say something?”

				“Yes. Plenty. It’s a beautiful painting. Where did you order it from?”

				“I didn’t order it.” He rummaged through the wrapping for a note. He found the small piece of paper.





				Because you seemed to enjoy it so much.

				J.





				He closed his eyes in an attempt to shut out the unwanted feelings that coursed through his body. That squeezing thing began in his chest again, and he sucked in a deep breath.

				“Terrence, are you okay?”

				“Yeah. Fine.”

				“So are you going to tell me where you got the painting?”

				“From a friend I met recently.”

				“Must have cost a fortune.”

				“No. She painted it herself,” he said absently, still staring at the picture.

				“You went to an art gallery showing?”

				“No.”

				“Okay. I’m confused.”

				Terrence placed the painting on the table, then dropped back down in the chair. “I went to visit a friend last weekend and was admiring it. She must have noticed.”

				“She? Oh, is this the woman I heard in the background when I called you on Saturday?”

				“Yes.” He hopped up from the table and began to pace. “But she already gave me one,” he mumbled.

				“Did you say she’d given you one already?”

				He spun around. He momentarily forgot about his grandmother sitting at the table. “Yes.”

				“I didn’t see it. Where is it?”

				“My bedroom.”

				“Oh. Is it something an old woman can see?”

				He chuckled. “Yes, Grandma. Come on.” They walked back to his bedroom, and he pointed at the painting.

				“This is absolutely breathtaking,” she whispered with her hands clasped together. “Is she showing in a gallery somewhere?”

				“No. She doesn’t want to. Grandma, she has a good twenty or thirty finished pieces, and all of them are of this caliber,” he answered without thought. Turning, he met his grandmother’s piercing stare.

				“You sound like you’re quite taken with her.”

				Terrence had no idea how to explain what he felt. The feelings were completely strange to him, a man who’d never allowed his emotions anywhere near a woman.

				“Well?”

				“Something like that, I guess.”

				“Oh, goodie. Does this mean—?”

				He cut her off quickly. “No, Grandma. It doesn’t mean anything.”

				“Hmm. So what’s her name and where did you meet her?”

				“Her name is Janae Simms, and I met her...at the concert in San Francisco.”

				“Really? You don’t usually hang out with the groupie crowd.”

				“Believe me, Grandma. She’s not a groupie. Janae’s a really nice young lady.”

				“Must be, to give you these kinds of gifts. Well, I’m going. I figure you want to call your young lady to thank her.”

				“I do. Good night.” They embraced. “Tell Grandpa good-night.”

				He followed her back downstairs and waited until she’d gone through the breezeway before sitting at the table. His gaze strayed to the painting again and lingered over every detail.

				The fact that Janae had given him a second painting worth several hundred dollars without asking anything in return blew him away. It also dented the armor he’d worn around his heart for most of his life. To protect his heart, he needed to put some distance between them. But he couldn’t resist her. Hadn’t been able to since the first time he laid eyes on her.

				Terrence held the phone in his hand for several minutes before making the call.





		 			 				Chapter 9

				Janae held the phone away from her ear, rolled her eyes, then placed it back. “You guys do realize that I’m an adult now, and I’m entitled to my own life.” All three of her brothers had decided to do a conference call. “Devin, you really didn’t need to call Erik and Justin.”

				“Well, if you were more forthcoming with information, I wouldn’t have had to,” Devin replied.

				“Yeah,” Erik added. “You can’t even tell us his last name.”

				“I don’t ask you guys the names of the women you date and what you do with them,” she huffed. “Justin, can you control your brothers?” Justin was the oldest and lived with his wife and baby daughter in neighboring Nevada.

				Justin chuckled. “All right, guys. Go easy on your sister. How long have you known the guy, Jan?”

				“His name is Terrence and only a couple of weeks. So it’s not like he’s ready to propose or anything. We’ve hung out a couple of times. It’s nothing serious. He’s a friend. Y’all need to back off.”

				“He sounds like a nice person, so why are you guys so riled up?” Justin, as the oldest, had always been calmer, even more so since getting married.

				“He said his name is Terrence, but I don’t think that’s his real name. He seems familiar, but I can’t seem to place him,” Devin said.

				“If Jan tells us his last name, I can run him through the system to see if he’s legit,” Erik added.

				“That’s exactly why I’m not telling you!” she yelled.

				“Hey, hey.” Justin jumped in. “Calm down, Janae. Devin and Erik, you need to dial it back. As she pointed out, Jan is an adult now. Doesn’t seem like this guy has done anything wrong, so give him a chance. Okay?”

				Devin and Erik grumbled.

				“Okay?”

				“Fine,” Erik said.

				“Yeah, I’ll stay out...for now,” Devin emphasized.

				“Thank you. Now tell your sister you love her.”

				Justin chuckled at their grumbled responses before saying, “Now, Janae, this only holds if he doesn’t hurt you. If he does, all bets are off. Understood?”

				“Yeah. Thanks, Justin. Hold on, guys, I have another call.” She clicked over. “Hello?”

				“Hey, Janae. It’s Terrence.”

				“Hi. Hold on, Terrence. Let me get my brothers off the phone.” She went back to the other line. “Guys, I need to take this call. I love you all.”

				“We love you, too, baby girl,” Erik said.

				They rang off. “Okay, I’m back. How are you?”

				“Good. You were talking to all your brothers?”

				“Yeah. They still act like I’m a kid. Justin, my oldest brother, is trying to get them to back off. What’s up?”

				“I wanted to thank you for the painting. You shouldn’t have.”

				“Why not? You seemed to really like it.”

				“I love it. But you already gave me one. Since it’s smaller, I think I’ll hang it in my office.”

				“That sounds nice. Terrence? You still there?” she asked when he fell silent.

				“I’m still here. I’m just thinking that I’ve never met anyone like you.”

				“Is that good or bad?”

				“Definitely good.”

				“Well, I’m glad. How was your day?”

				“Long, but productive. What about your day?”

				“Had a boring staff meeting to attend after school, but other than that, not too bad.”

				“Try three meetings back-to-back.”

				“No, thank you. I’ll let you have all that. When are you leaving for your next set of concerts?”

				“Next Wednesday. Wanna come?”

				“I don’t think so. I have work, but thanks for the offer.”

				“Never hurts to ask. When’s school out?”

				“Two weeks, thank goodness. And I’m not teaching this summer.”

				“So you’ll be a lady of leisure.”

				“Something like that. I’m going to visit my oldest brother and his family in Nevada for a weekend. I haven’t seen my niece in a while. Then I’ll go to New Mexico to see my parents. Are you going to be traveling more in the summer?”

				“I have a few dates scheduled and two cruises, late summer and early fall.”

				“Sounds exciting, especially the cruises.”

				“They’re a blast. You should try one sometime.”

				“Maybe I will. Well, I know you’re probably just getting home and need to eat. I’m glad you like the painting.”

				“I’ve been home about half an hour, and I did start dinner.”

				“Go finish. We’ll talk again.”

				“Okay. Thank you again...very much, Janae.”

				“You’re welcome. Night.” Janae disconnected, then held the phone against her. I’m getting in too deep with this man.

				* * *

				Terrence reheated his food and finished his dinner. Then he remembered he was supposed to call Janae’s brother Devin. He rinsed the dishes, put them in the dishwasher and went to his room. Picking up his cell, he scrolled through and found the number he’d gotten from Janae’s cell when she left it on the kitchen table.

				“Hello?”

				“Devin, this is Terrence.”

				“Terrence? How did you get my number?”

				“From your sister’s phone.”

				“What can I do for you?”

				“Do you know anything about a guy named Lawrence?”

				“Piece of trash. Why?”

				“Had a run-in with him on Saturday.”

				“What the hell happened?”

				“I’m not sure. I went back to the car for something. When I walked up, I heard Janae yell and saw her snatch her arm away and...”

				“You let him grab my sister?”

				“No.”

				“Then what happened?”

				“She told him to leave her alone, and I told him he’d have to deal with me if he didn’t. I took exception to his response and clocked his punk ass.”

				“What did he say?”

				“Nothing worth repeating.”

				“Did he say anything else?”

				“Can’t talk when you’re unconscious.”

				Devin chuckled softly, then turned serious. “Thanks for taking care of my sister.”

				“I called you because I knew she wouldn’t. I travel a lot with my job, and I don’t want her to be unprotected.”

				“So I take it she has no idea you’re calling me.”

				“Correct. I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t mention it. I don’t think she’d be too happy.”

				“Only because you protected her. And what kind of traveling? You do have a real job?”

				“I assure you I have a real job that pays decently.”

				“Okay. You get a pass this time, but if you hurt my sister...”

				“Understood. Later.” He tossed the phone on his bed and scrubbed his hand over his face.

				No, he wouldn’t intentionally hurt Janae, but he couldn’t see it ending any other way. Again, his best bet would be to stay away from her, but that was like asking him to stop breathing.

				* * *

				“I’m glad you decided to go shopping and to dinner with me tonight, Janae,” Karen said as they walked across the school parking lot toward the office the next morning.

				“As long as you don’t start inviting strange men to join us like last time.”

				“What are you talking about?”

				“San Francisco? Don’t act like you don’t remember.”

				Karen burst out laughing. “Oh, that. Well, you should be thanking me for hooking you up.”

				“We’re not hooked up.”

				“But you could be.”

				“I don’t think so.”

				“Why is it so hard for you to believe Monte could have feelings for you? You’re a great person.”

				“I know I’m a great person. That has nothing to do with it. You can’t really believe that he’s going to keep coming up here, especially with him traveling all over the country touring, not to mention what he has to do for the clients at his label. He’s cool and all, but I think we’ll probably end up as friends. Besides, I’m sure he has no problems getting any woman he wants.”

				“Hmph.”

				“So back to the original question. You aren’t going to be inviting strange men to our dinner table tonight, right?”

				“I guess not,” Karen grumbled. “But I’m gonna get you a man one of these days.”

				Janae shook her head, then opened the office door. “You really need to be concentrating on your own business and leaving mine alone. My life is fine the way it is.” They got mail from their boxes and left. “I’ll see you later, crazy woman.”

				“Okay. I have a short meeting after school, so I’ll come to your class.” Karen headed in the direction of the copy machine.

				“All right.” Janae thought about that speech she made and knew, in her heart, that she’d lied. Terrence had gotten to her. What started out as a nice fantasy had now turned into something else altogether.

				* * *

				“Hello, sir. May I help you?”

				“Hello, I’m looking for Ms. Janae Simms’s classroom.”

				“Class is in session right now. May I ask what this is concerning?”

				“I met Ms. Simms recently. She mentioned that she taught special students, and I’d like to observe.”

				“I see. Are you thinking of enrolling your son or daughter in her class?”

				Before he could answer, he glanced over to see Janae’s friend approaching.

				Karen walked over to the secretary’s desk. “It’s all right, Terri.”

				“You know Mr. Campbell, Karen?”

				“Yes.” She extended her hand. “Hello, Mr. Campbell. It’s nice to see you again. I didn’t know you’d be coming to observe so soon.”

				“I have to leave town earlier than expected and wanted to do the observation before I left,” he answered, playing along.

				“Did you sign in and get a badge?”

				Terrence signed the register, and the secretary handed him a badge.

				“Terri, I’ll point Mr. Campbell in the right direction on my way back to class.”

				“Thanks, Karen. Good luck, Mr. Campbell.”

				“Thank you.”

				As soon as the office door closed, Karen rounded on him. “Okay, what gives? Are you playing a game with my friend?”

				“No. I assure you I’m not.”

				“All right. I’m warning you. Like I told your boy a couple of weeks ago, if you hurt my girl, I’m gonna have your butt tossed off one of those bridges in San Francisco.”

				He chuckled softly. “I’ll try to make sure that doesn’t happen.”

				“Just so we’re clear. So you really like Janae?”

				“I do.”

				She stopped walking and peered into his face as if searching for the truth. Satisfied, she pointed. “Go through that door. Her room is the second one on the left.”

				“Thank you, Ms. Morris.”

				Terrence stood outside the door for a moment and watched as Janae stood in front of the class holding up a piece of paper. He quietly stepped through the door.

				Janae turned his way, and her eyes widened. “Hold on a second, class. Mrs. Brown, can you and Ms. Russell divide the students into their groups?” She walked over to Terrence. “What are you doing here?” she whispered.

				He smiled. “I came to see you. Don’t mind me. I’ll sit over here, out of your way.”

				“What am I going to do with you?”

				His eyebrow lifted, and a wicked grin played around the corners of his mouth.

				“Go sit down,” she said, shaking her head.

				She went back to the table, where three of the students sat waiting. She put a sheet in front of each one and picked up a small paint tray. “Okay, Gabriel. What color do you want first—green or orange?” He pointed to orange, and she put an orange dot in three of the petals on the flower. “I want you to only fill in the ones with the orange dot.” She demonstrated what she wanted him to do, then repeated the process with the other two students.

				“Ms. Simms, Ms. Simms,” a student yelled from the other side of the room. “I can’t do it. Nooooo, I don’t wanna touch it!” The girl shook her head vehemently and put her hands behind her back.

				“Kayla, I think you can do it. Remember when we painted the boxes last week?”

				“Yeah,” she answered timidly.

				“You did such a good job, and I know you can do it again. We’re only going to paint using one finger. Last week, you painted four spaces, and today we have seven. That’s only three more. I know you can do it. Ms. Russell will give you a wipe as soon as you’re finished. Okay?”

				“Okay,” Kayla said quietly. “Miss Russell, you gonna give me a wipe?”

				“Yes, Kayla. I have them right here.”

				“We’ll hang them up to dry when everyone finishes,” Janae said.

				After her group finished, Janae walked around the class to see the progress. As everyone finished up, the fire alarm sounded.

				“No, no, no. Too loud. Too loud!” A student ran around the room screaming and covering his ears.

				Janae stepped into his path. “Roberto, stop.”

				When the boy raised his hand as if he was going to hit her, Terrence was almost on his feet, but remembered she did this every day. He glanced over to see the two assistants gathering the other students and lining them up.

				“I know it’s loud, Roberto,” Janae continued in a calm, even voice. “What do you need to do when it’s loud?”

				Roberto jumped up and down in front of her with his hands over his ears. “Get the headphones.”

				“Right. Do we scream?”

				“No.”

				“Go get the earphones, and then you can help me carry the signs.”

				Roberto rushed over, put on the headphones and came back to her. He reached for her hand. Janae handed him one of the signs.

				She looked over at Terrence. “Sorry, but you have to come, too. It’s a fire drill.”

				He got to his feet and followed the class out to the yard, waiting with them until the all clear was given, marveling at the way she handled the students. Terrence found that every facet of her personality—from her soft voice and compassionate heart to her sweet and tender touch—enticed him, and he fell a little harder.





		 			 				Chapter 10

				Terrence waited while Janae walked her students out to the front when the bell sounded. His back was to her, looking at something on the wall when she returned.

				“So, are you in town on business?” she asked.

				He turned, a slow grin curving his mouth. “I most certainly am, Ms. Simms.” He sauntered over to where she stood. Cupping her face, he lowered his head. “Very personal business.” He captured her mouth in a heated kiss. Her mouth was as lush as he remembered. He’d dreamed about this mouth for days. When the kiss ended, she slumped against his chest.

				He held her in the circle of his arms, wondering how she fit so perfectly. All talk about keeping her at a distance didn’t seem to work, no matter how hard he tried. Terrence leaned back. “What are you doing this evening?”

				“Karen and I are supposed to be going to dinner.”

				“Do you think she’ll mind taking a rain check? I have to leave tomorrow instead of next Wednesday. I’ll be gone for the next two weeks, and I want to spend a little time with you.”

				Janae backed out of his embrace. “I’ll call her and ask.” She went to the phone on the wall near her desk and dialed. Hanging up the phone, she said, “There’s no answer. She’s probably on her way here.”

				Terrence sat on the corner of a desk. “You’re amazing with these students. You’re compassionate and inspiring. I’ve never seen anything like it. Their families are fortunate to have you.”

				“I don’t know about amazing.”

				“You are—gifted and amazing. By the way, the painting looks great in my office, although I was only there long enough to hang it.”

				“Well, hopefully when you get back, you’ll have some time to enjoy it.”

				“Maybe you’ll have some time to come and enjoy it with me.”

				She regarded him intently. “Terrence, what’s going on here?”

				He frowned. “What do you mean?”

				“This, this...I don’t know.”

				Terrence let out a deep breath. “Honestly, I don’t know. All I know is that I enjoy being with you. And the more I’m with you, the more I want to be with you.”

				“This is not some kind of game, is it?”

				“I promise you, it’s not.”

				Before she could respond, Karen entered.

				“Hey, guys. I’m guessing we’ll be doing dinner another time, Janae?”

				“Can we go tomorrow?”

				“Sure. Andre is working tomorrow night. It’s a good thing we carpooled today. You don’t have to worry about your car.”

				“I appreciate your flexibility, Ms. Morris,” Terrence said.

				“Call me Karen.”

				“Okay, and you can call me Terrence.”

				“You kids have fun. I’ll see you tomorrow, Janae.”

				Janae went to her desk. “I have a couple of things to do, and then we can leave.”

				“Take your time. I’m not going anywhere.”

				“By the way, what did you tell them in the office? They don’t usually allow people to visit during school hours, unless it’s a parent.”

				He shrugged. “I told her I wanted to observe, and she assumed I had a child with special needs. Karen happened to come in and helped me out.”

				Janae shook her head and laughed. After several minutes, she locked her desk and stood. “I’m done. Let’s go. You’ll have to stop by the office, sign out and return the badge.”

				After taking care of that, Terrence seated Janae in his rental, hung his jacket over the backseat and got in on the driver’s side. “It’s still a little early for dinner, so what do you want to do for the next hour and a half or so?”

				“Where are we going for dinner?”

				“I looked up restaurants on Google on the way here and saw that Morton’s is not far, so I made reservations for five-thirty.”

				“You were that sure I’d go to dinner with you?”

				“I hoped.”

				“Since the restaurant is downtown, we can go to a nearby park, if you like.”

				“Sounds good. Lead me there.”

				Following her directions, they arrived at the park twenty minutes later.

				“I can’t believe you found a parking space across the street from the park. I never get that lucky,” Janae complained as he pulled into a vacant spot.

				Terrence chuckled and helped her out of the vehicle. He grasped her hand. “Shall we?”

				They strolled along the path in silence. A slight breeze kicked up.

				“The temperature here is similar to L.A.,” Terrence said.

				“That’s one of the reasons I decided to stay here. We don’t get too many extremes in temperature. So is your hand okay from the...you know...?”

				He flexed his hand. “Yep. Good as new. Any more problems?”

				“No.”

				“Did you tell your brother?”

				“Absolutely not. I don’t have any money to bail Devin out of jail when he kills Lawrence, so let it go.”

				Terrence sighed deeply. “Janae—”

				She stopped walking and pulled her hand from his. “Drop it, Terrence.”

				He stared at her for a long moment before nodding. Wrapping his arms around her, he kissed the top of her head. “I don’t want anything to happen to you.”

				Janae buried her face in his chest. “I’ll be fine. My brothers taught me how to protect myself, and if I think I’m being threatened, I won’t hesitate to call someone.”

				“Okay.” They continued walking for a while, then came to a bench. “Let’s sit.” Once seated, he pulled her close and placed his arm around her shoulder.

				“You’re leaving tomorrow?”

				“Yeah. I’m going to spend a few days in Dallas. I have an interview at one of the radio stations. There’ll be a small studio audience, and I’ll sing a few songs and answer questions.”

				“That’s pretty cool. How many people are usually in the audience?”

				“Maybe thirty or forty. It gives me a chance to connect in a more intimate setting. I’ll also be visiting another musician friend. He and I are going to collaborate on two songs for his upcoming project.”

				“You’re going to sing?”

				“No. I’m writing with him.”

				“What’s his name?”

				“Michael Blaque.”

				“Michael B? Ooh, I love his music. But not more than yours, of course,” she amended sweetly. “Now that I have the hookup, I can’t mess up getting advance copies of your upcoming projects.”

				He looked down at her and burst out laughing. “Oh, so that’s the only reason you’re hanging out with me.”

				She patted his cheek. “Hey, you’re nice enough, but I love the music.”

				“Wow,” he said, laughing. “You’re rough on a brother.”

				Janae tried to keep a straight face, but failed. She laughed until tears ran down her face. “I’m sorry. I couldn’t resist.”

				“Uh-huh.”

				“Seriously, though. I think you’re a really, really nice guy.”

				He stroked a finger down her cheek. “And I think you are the most amazing woman I have ever met.”

				The serious set of his features gave her pause. Please, please don’t let me fall in love with this man. “Please. You’ve met millions of women, and I’m sure lots of them were more amazing than me.”

				He shook his head. “No. Not one.” Lifting her chin, he kissed her softly.

				Her body trembled, and Janae tried to compose herself.

				Terrence hugged her closer. “Are you ready to head over to the restaurant?” He stood, extended his hand and pulled her into his arms. “One more,” he whispered, lowering his head.

				* * *

				On the drive, Janae got so lost in her thoughts she didn’t realize he’d stopped the car until he stood with her door open.

				“Janae? Are you okay?”

				She accepted his hand, slipped into the jacket he held and smiled up at him. “Yeah. I’m fine.”

				The hostess led them to a small booth and provided them with menus. A server appeared to take their drink order.

				“What looks good?” he asked.

				“Everything,” she answered. “But I’m thinking of the jumbo crab cakes. What about you?”

				“The rib eye steak. Would you be okay sharing a couple of the sides? They’re usually large enough for two.”

				“Sounds good.”

				“I’ll let you choose.”

				“Okay. How about a baked potato with the works and the grilled asparagus?”

				“Those were the two I thought about.” He smiled. “Do you want an appetizer or something to start?”

				“If I do that, I won’t have room for my food. I’ll wait.” They didn’t have to wait long for the food, and Janae’s stomach growled as the server placed the plate in front of her.

				“I guess someone’s hungry,” Terrence said with a chuckle.

				“I didn’t eat much at lunch because I knew I was going out.”

				“Well, let’s bless this food so you can eat.” Taking her hand, he recited a short blessing.

				“Aw, your grandmother would be so proud.”

				“What?”

				“You blessing your food without her standing over you.”

				“Hush, girl. I see you still do it, too.”

				“Always. Although I do have to remind my brothers sometimes, since they lose their minds when I cook for them.” She cut into a crab cake.

				“You cook that well, huh? Well, maybe you’ll take pity on me and prepare something for me.”

				“I don’t know about cooking all that well, but I owe you, since you cooked for me.”

				They continued to converse softly while eating.

				Terrence set his fork on the plate when he was done. “Are you up for some dessert?”

				“Dessert? I don’t know. I’m not sure I could eat another bite.”

				“Come on,” he cajoled. “We can share if you like.”

				“Oh, okay.” She pointed at him. “If I gain weight, I’m coming after you.”

				“I’m sure one little shared dessert won’t hurt.”

				“How do you stay so fit, eating like this and being on the road so much?”

				“Believe it or not, I don’t eat like this often. I typically eat more fish, chicken, fresh vegetables and fruits. I don’t drink a lot of alcohol, and I try to work out at least four times a week.”

				“Well, it shows,” she said without thinking, remembering him shirtless. Her face heated.

				“Thank you. I’m glad you like what you see.” He leaned over and gave her a quick kiss, laughing softly. “I’ll let you in on a little secret,” he whispered.

				She was almost afraid to ask. “What?”

				“When I look at you, I really, really like what I see.” Leaning closer, he lowered his voice even more. “And I want to see more...so much more.”

				Janae could barely breathe. She clasped her hands together in her lap to try to stop the shaking. I am in so much trouble, she wailed inwardly.

				He picked up the dessert menu. “So, what should we have for dessert?” He asked the question so innocently.

				“Um...why don’t you choose?”

				“Do you like chocolate?”

				She nodded.

				“How about the hot chocolate cake?”

				“That’s fine. I need to go to the ladies’ room.” She needed a minute to get herself together. He stood and pulled her chair back. She gave him a small smile. “Thanks. I’ll be right back.”

				Once in the bathroom, she walked over to the sink, wet a napkin, then dabbed it on her face. Every nerve in her body was on fire. She’d never felt these sensations before—not like she had a lot of experience with men and sex. Okay, hardly any. She hadn’t felt anything like this those couple of times she’d been with Carter and Lawrence. If she were honest, she hadn’t felt much of anything at all. But this man elicited feelings deep inside without even touching her. And don’t get me started on his kisses.

				Janae took a couple of deep breaths and gave herself a pep talk. “You can do this. You’re not going to fall for him,” she mumbled under her breath. “He already told you music was his only love.” Inhaling deeply one last time and satisfied that she was back in control, she tossed the napkin and went back to the table.

				Terrence stood as she approached and seated her. “Is everything okay?”

				“Yes. I see dessert arrived.”

				He handed her a spoon. “Taste and tell me what you think.”

				She cut into the cake, and the melted center oozed out. “Mmm,” she moaned. “So, so good.” He stared at her strangely. “What?”

				“That good?”

				“Definitely, but don’t take my word for it.” She waited for him to take a bite. “Do you like it?”

				“I do. You’re right, it’s very good.” He slowly removed the spoon from his mouth and licked his lips.

				The heat at their table intensified, and she was surprised the outer cake didn’t melt right along with the center. “So, are you working on any new music for yourself?”

				He leaned back in his chair and nodded. “I’ve done about four tracks so far. I’m looking to finish the project by September, hopefully to debut on the cruise in late October.”

				“Wow. Cool. Since it’s already the end of May and you’re going to be doing all this traveling, will you have enough time?”

				“I’ve limited the number of concerts this summer so I can finish. After I come back, there’s a release party for one of our groups, then I’ll be stationary for close to a month. Speaking of the release party, would you like to go with me?”

				She paused with the spoon midway to her mouth. “I...I don’t know.”

				“It’ll be fun.”

				“When is it?”

				Terrence gave her the information, then added, “I’ll pay for your flight. It’s going to be at one of the hotels in L.A., and we’ll stay the night.”

				“Can I think about it and let you know next week? I know you’ll be busy, so I’ll just leave you a message.”

				“I can work with that.”

				They finished dessert, settled the bill and talked for another forty-five minutes.

				“As much as I don’t want to, I’d better get you home. I still have a few things to do before leaving tomorrow afternoon.”

				“Thank you for dinner. It was wonderful.”

				“I’m glad you enjoyed it. So did I.”

				Terrence walked Janae to the door when they reached her house. “I’m not going to come inside.” He cradled her face and lowered his head.

				Janae came up on her toes and met him. The moment his mouth touched hers, she moaned. The kiss started gentle, then passion exploded and she gripped his shoulders.

				He tightened his grip and moaned deep in his throat. He worked his hands into her hair, tugged to tilt her head for better access and angled his head to deepen the kiss. Terrence slowly lifted his head. “I’ll talk to you this week, baby.”

				Janae nodded. Her heart beat so hard, she was sure a heart attack was imminent. “Safe travels.”

				He squeezed her hand, turned and walked away.

				She closed the door and banged her head softly against it. “What are you doing? You’re not supposed to be falling for him.” The phone rang, eliciting a groan. “Probably Karen.” She wasn’t in the mood tonight.

				“Hello.”

				“Hey, baby girl.”

				She groaned inwardly. “Hey, Devin. What’s up?”

				“I’ve been calling you for the past couple of hours. Where’ve you been?”

				“Devin, I know you don’t think I’m going to start reporting my whereabouts to you. What is your problem lately? You’re worse than usual.”

				“Just concerned about you, that’s all.”

				“What gives, Devin? That can’t be it.”

				“I’m still concerned about that new guy you’re seeing and about Lawrence harassing you. You haven’t had any more trouble out of him, have you?”

				Janae took a deep breath. Why did she have to have big brothers?

				“You’re quiet, Jan. What’s up?”

				“I saw Lawrence on Saturday. He tried to get in my face, but Terrence handled it. I’m sure I won’t have any more problems.”

				“Why didn’t you tell me?”

				“Did I not just say Terrence handled it? He knocked Lawrence out with one punch. When we came out of the store, he was gone. Can we please leave it at that?”

				Devin grunted. “I guess. What’s up with you and Terrence?”

				“Nothing much. We’ve hung out a couple of times. Did you call for something? Because I’m about to take a bath.”

				“I wanted to check on you.”

				She let out a frustrated breath. “I’m fine, Dev. I promise.”

				“Okay, baby girl, if you say so. By the way, that check still hasn’t cleared. Do I need to come over there?”

				“I’ll deposit it tomorrow,” she mumbled. “Can I go now?”

				Devin laughed. “I love you, sis.”

				“I know. I love you, too. Good night.” She dropped the cordless in the base, then trudged down the hallway to her bedroom.

				Lying in a tub filled with bubbles, Janae leaned her head back and closed her eyes. Terrence’s handsome face drifted through her mind. And those sexy, full lips framed by that neatly barbered goatee... Man, what those lips did to hers. She couldn’t help but fantasize about his lips all over her body. The thought was so vivid, she could actually feel its touch. Her breathing increased, her breasts tingled and the space between her legs throbbed. Her eyes snapped open. She sat up so quickly, water splashed over the side of the tub.

				“Oh, my goodness. What is happening to me?” She quickly washed up with shaky hands and stepped out. No man had ever elicited these types of feelings within her before. Not until Terrence.





		 			 				Chapter 11

				Terrence leaned his head back against the airplane seat and closed his eyes. It was becoming harder and harder to stay away from Janae. What am I doing? He’d never had a problem controlling his emotions when it came to women. But, like he said before, it was as if this petite schoolteacher had bewitched him. And what possessed him to ask her to accompany him to the release party? He’d never taken any woman to any function, for publicity or otherwise.

				Their verbal play at dinner, coupled with the remembrance of her soft moans while eating that cake, still had him aroused and wondering how that chocolate would have tasted on her skin. He didn’t think he’d ever get enough of kissing her. Another problem. Yeah, he needed to be away from her for a while. Maybe by the time he came back, he’d have his head on straight.

				“Excuse me, sir. Would you like something to drink?”

				He opened his eyes to see the flight attendant leaning a little too close with a wide, flirty smile. “No. Thanks.” He reclosed his eyes, hoping she would get the hint. She was the third woman who’d flirted with him since arriving at the airport, and he’d ignored them all. The only woman occupying his mind was a sweet, sexy angel he should be trying like hell to stay away from. His cell vibrated in his pocket, reminding him that he hadn’t turned it off. He read a text from Donovan to call. He took a quick glance at his watch, seeing he had some time before takeoff.

				Donovan answered on the first ring. “Hey, T.”

				“What’s up?”

				“Are you back yet?”

				“The plane will be leaving in a few minutes. I should get in around eleven.”

				“Do you need me to pick you up?”

				“No. My car is in the lot. Is everything all ready for tomorrow?”

				“Yeah. So, how’re things with you and Janae?”

				“I don’t know what you mean.”

				“Man, at the rate you’re going, you should start buying stock in the airlines. You know exactly what I mean. You’re already half in love with the girl.”

				“I’m not in love with anybody,” he retorted. “I just like spending time with her.”

				Donovan laughed. “Whatever you say. I’ll see you tomorrow.”

				Terrence disconnected and powered off the phone. Love? Him? Not hardly. That was the one thing he couldn’t allow.

				* * *

				Seated on his friend’s deck in Dallas, Terrence couldn’t keep his mind from wandering to the woman who’d invaded his dreams for the past few nights. Dreams so erotic, he’d had a difficult time convincing himself they weren’t real. He’d gone to bed with a hard-on, awakened in the same state, and had taken so many cold showers, it was a wonder he hadn’t contracted pneumonia.

				Janae hadn’t called to tell him whether she’d accompany him to the party. If she agreed to go, Terrence knew he would have a hard time keeping his hands to himself, especially since they would share a suite. He’d reveled in the feel of her hands moving slowly over his chest, and closed his eyes—the smoothness of her skin gliding against his, the heat of her touch.

				“Hey, Monte. You all right, man?”

				His eyes popped open. “I’m good. You ready to work?” He sat up straighter in the chair.

				Michael dropped a folder in front of him and took a seat. “Did you get a chance to hear the music yet?”

				“Only once. What’s the title of the song?”

				“‘Your Touch.’”

				Terrence groaned inwardly. Wasn’t he trying to get his mind off Janae and her touch? “Let me see what you’ve got so far.” For the next two hours, they went back and forth over the lyrics and the music.

				“Man, you sure you don’t have a woman stashed away somewhere?” Michael shook his head. “The way these lyrics fell out of your mouth makes me think you’ve had some up close and personal practice.”

				“Nah, man. I’m building off what you’d already written and the feeling you said you wanted to convey. I think this should be your first single from the project.”

				“Yeah. I think this one’s gonna blow up. It’s even better than the other one we finished. I’ll get in the studio this week to start recording. When it’s done, I’ll send it to you.”

				“Can’t wait to hear it.”

				“Where’re you off to next?”

				“After I leave here next Wednesday, I have concerts in New York on Friday and Philadelphia on Saturday, then D.C. for a couple of interviews at the beginning of the following week. Then, Kaleidoscope’s CD release party is on Saturday of that week.”

				“I heard about that. I’ll probably fly in on Saturday morning so my beautiful wife and I can see some L.A. sights before the party. See, if you had a woman, we could double-date, and you could show us around.” His gaze turned thoughtful. “Hey, I know someone who would be good for you. She’s—”

				“No, thank you. I can handle getting my own woman if I wanted one.”

				“You know, you aren’t getting any younger,” Michael said with a raised eyebrow.

				“Just because you recently got married doesn’t mean I need to. Marriage isn’t for everybody.” Terrence stood. “I think it’s time to go inside. It’s not even summer yet, and your Texas heat is already on the way.”

				* * *

				“Sooo, I see things are heating up with you and Terrence,” Karen said as soon as she and Janae were seated in the restaurant the next evening.

				Janae shrugged. “It’s not like that. He’s cool and we like hanging out.” Wow, I didn’t even blink with that lie.

				“You can lie to someone who doesn’t know your little bitty behind, but not to me. First of all, no man is gonna fly to see you twice in less than a week, especially for a few hours. Second, I saw the way he looked at you. He is definitely smitten, and so are you. So, let’s try this again.”

				The server came to take their order, interrupting Janae. As soon as he’d departed, Karen folded her arms across her chest and waited.

				Janae sighed. “Fine. I really like him. He’s charming, has a great sense of humor and is easy to talk to.”

				“Sounds like the recipe for a great relationship.”

				The server returned with drinks and warm bread. Janae broke off a piece, spread some butter on it and took a bite before answering.

				“It’ll never come to that. He’s already told me that music is his only love.”

				“Please. All men say stuff like that at the beginning. He’s probably trying to feel things out.” She took a sip of her drink.

				“I don’t think so,” Janae murmured, thinking back. “It wasn’t so much what he said, but how he said it...like he had no intentions of ever changing his stance.”

				“What’re you going to do?”

				“I have no idea. He’s going to be out of town for the next couple of weeks.” Janae finished her bread and took a sip of her drink. The conversation tapered off for a few minutes. She debated telling Karen about his invitation. She needed to talk to someone about it. “Terrence asked me to accompany him to a CD release party in L.A. when he gets back.”

				Karen’s jaw dropped. She didn’t say anything for the longest time, during which the server returned with their meals.

				“Usually you have a lot to say, Ms. Morris.”

				“I’m really surprised, that’s all. You know I love Monte, so I’ve been following him since the beginning. Believe me when I tell you he’s never, and I mean never, taken a date to a function. At one time, it was a hot topic in all the entertainment corners. I’ve read that he may have been occasionally seen out at dinner with a lady, but that’s about it. He’s always declined to talk about his personal life. You’re going, aren’t you?”

				“I don’t know. I have nothing to wear, and you know how I feel about being in the spotlight.”

				“See, this is why you need me as your friend. You are going,” Karen said, pointing at her. Then she rubbed her hands with glee. “We’re going to have so much fun shopping for an outfit.”

				Janae groaned. “Oh, no. I hate shopping with you.”

				Karen laughed. “Eat up, missy. You’re going to need your strength. Lucky for you, tomorrow is Saturday. We have all day.”

				* * *

				Janae was still unsure about going to the party with Terrence and said as much to Karen the next day as they shopped.

				“I don’t know why. You said yourself that he’s a nice guy. Here’s a cute dress.” Karen held it up.

				“What dress? I’m not wearing anything like this. There’s not enough material to cover anything.” Janae snatched the dress and shoved it back on the rack. “This is not working. I think I should just decline.”

				Karen grabbed her by the arm and dragged her over to another rack. “You aren’t declining that invitation. Now let’s find you something to knock Terrence’s eyeballs out.”

				Janae slowly went through the dresses on the rack, but nothing seemed to catch her eye.

				“I got it,” Karen said excitedly, holding up a black banded, formfitting dress with a sweetheart neckline and open back. “And before you reject it, although the back is out, it’s still high enough for you to wear a strapless bra.” She thrust the dress at her. “Go try it on.”

				Heaving a deep sigh, she took the dress, went into one of the dressing rooms and put it on. She hesitantly walked back to where Karen waited outside the dressing room and held out her arms. “Well?”

				“Girl, Terrence isn’t going to know what hit him when he sees you in that dress,” Karen whispered in awe.

				A guy walking by with a woman stared so hard he tripped. Janae and Karen shared a smile.

				“I rest my case. People would never believe what a killer body you have under those loose-fitting clothes you always wear. What do you think?”

				Janae turned one way, then another. “It’s not that bad. I like it.”

				“Before you ask, no, it’s not too short. It’s hard for anything to be too short for you, with your little five-foot self.”

				“Shut up.” The dress stopped about four inches above her knees. “The dress is fine, but I don’t have any shoes to go with it.”

				“Did I say we were done shopping?”

				“We’ve been shopping for over three hours. I’m tired, my feet hurt and I’m hungry,” she whined.

				“Fine. We can go to the food court and get something to eat. Then we’ll find you some shoes and something sexy to wear under that dress.”

				After eating, it took them another two hours to find shoes, a purse and undergarments. By the time Janae got home, her body ached so much that she never wanted to see another store in her life. Although she had to admit, the outfit was just sexy enough for her taste. She wondered what Terrence would think.

				* * *

				Janae had been so busy with end-of-the-year school activities and meetings that she had totally forgotten to call Terrence. Already a week had passed. She said her goodbyes to the other teachers in the lounge and made her way to the parking lot. Once in the car, she pulled out her cell, took a deep breath and sent him a text. “I guess I’m committed now,” she said to herself. She started the car and drove out of the lot.

				As soon as she got home, Janae changed her clothes and went into her studio. This thing with Terrence had gotten out of hand, and she needed to think. The telephone interrupted her. She placed her brush on the tray and wiped her hands.

				“Hello.”

				“Well, hello there, my darling daughter.”

				“Mom. Hi. How are you?”

				Her mother’s soft laughter came through the line. “Great. I finished the last lecture this morning, and I’m a free woman.”

				“Well, if you stayed retired, you’d be a free woman all the time.”

				“This is true, but I can’t seem to help myself. Your father, on the other hand, has no trouble being retired.”

				“How is Daddy?”

				“He’s fine. Right now he’s at a meeting. A group of men are working on developing a mentoring program for young men.”

				“That’s great. We need something like that here. Oh, before I forget. I saw Mrs. Jenkins at the grocery store a couple of weeks ago. She told me to tell you hi.”

				“Did she say how she’s enjoying retirement?”

				“I think Mr. Jenkins is underfoot. She said she has to go to the grocery store to get some peace,” Janae responded with amusement.

				Her mother laughed. “So what’s going on with you?”

				“School will be out next week, so I’ve been busy getting everything finished. This year I decided to do scrapbooks for all the students so their parents can see how they’ve improved over the year. I’m also including a small summer packet so they can continue to work on their skills over the summer.”

				“That sounds fantastic. Hmm, that would be a good thing for all teachers. Have you been painting?”

				“Actually, that’s what I was doing when you called. Remember the moon rising over the mountains we saw when I visited?”

				“Oh, yes. It was incredible. But I don’t remember us taking a picture of that scene.”

				“I took one in my mind.”

				“Please take a picture and email it when you finish. I’d love to see it.”

				“I plan to complete it tonight or tomorrow. So you’ll see it before the weekend is over.”

				“I spoke with Devin a little while ago. He mentioned you have a new friend.”

				Janae groaned. “We met a few weeks ago and went out a couple of times. Devin happened to be here the first time he visited.”

				“Devin seems to think the guy isn’t who he says he is. Is that true?”

				“No, Mom. His name is Terrence. Devin’s just being his normal overprotective self.”

				“Well, you have a good head on your shoulders. If it develops into anything serious, I’m sure we’ll hear about it. Don’t mind your brothers. If Devin and Erik find wives like Justin has, they won’t have time to be in your business. Do you think it may become serious?”

				“I don’t know, Mom. He’s really nice and fun to be around, but I’m not sure things will work out.”

				“Sounds like you like him a lot.”

				“I’m trying not to, but I can’t help it. It’s complicated.”

				“What kind of job does he have?”

				“Um, I’d rather not say right now, but I promise he has a good one and it’s nothing illegal.”

				She chuckled softly. “Is this part of the complication?”

				“Yes.”

				“Well, I won’t pry for now. If you need to talk, I’ll be here.”

				“Thanks, Mom. I love you.”

				“I love you, too. Go back and finish your painting, and keep me posted. You’re still coming to visit sometime in the summer?”

				“Yes. I’ll let you know soon. I’m going to visit Justin and Pam, too. I know Teresa is getting big, and I don’t want her to forget her auntie.”

				“I’ll talk to you later.”

				“All right. Tell Daddy I love him.”

				Janae hung up the phone and dropped her head in her hands. “What am I going to do?” She’d been asking herself that question all day—especially since coming to the realization that she had fallen in love with Terrence—and still didn’t have an answer.

				* * *

				“Let’s go over this last song and call it a day,” Terrence said to the band. They’d been rehearsing for over two hours.

				“Which one do you want to do?” Malik asked.

				“I think we’ll do ‘It’s Only You,’” he answered, rising from the keyboards and grabbing a microphone at the stage’s center.

				The band clapped. He performed the duet with the female background singer Lorena Daniels.

				“Saang, Lorena,” Gerald Myers, the male background singer, crooned. “That means I can go sit down.”

				The music to the soulful, sexy ballad began, and Terrence and Lorena sang as if they had been lovers for a lifetime. By the end of the song, the band members stared at him in awe. As the last note faded, whistles and clapping sounded throughout the auditorium. Terrence noticed that even the employees had stopped to listen.

				“What?” he asked when Lorena continued to stare. “I think we sounded great.”

				She shook her head. “It’s not like you don’t always sound great, Monte. But, today...today there was something different.” Lorena held out her arms. “See, you gave me chills. I could feel the passion clear down to my soul.”

				“Damn, Monte,” guitarist Carl said, patting Terrence’s shoulder. “I think we should close with that one. There’re gonna be a lot of babies made this weekend.” He chuckled.

				“No lie,” Lisa said. “You’re making me miss my boyfriend even more than usual.”

				“Well, I guess that means we’re finished,” Terrence said.

				As everyone started the teardown, Terrence walked over to the side of the stage and picked up a bottle of water. He drained its contents without stopping.

				Donovan slowly approached from the rear.

				“What did you think, D?”

				“Everything went perfectly. It’ll be a great show.” He gestured for Terrence to follow him. Once they were out of hearing range, Donovan told him, “They’re right, you know.”

				“What do you mean?”

				“You always sing with passion, but today you were off the charts. Why do you think that is?”

				“I always try to put everything into my music.”

				“Nah, see, that’s not what it is this time.”

				Terrence folded his arms across his chest. “Really? Well, why don’t you enlighten me?”

				“I’ll be happy to.” Donovan grinned. “This time, you’re in love.” He spun on his heels and sauntered off.

				Love? Definitely not. His jaw tightened.

				So if you aren’t in love, why were you thinking of Janae with every word you sang?

				“I’m not in love,” he grumbled to himself, and stalked toward the lobby.

				Terrence leaned on a column in the bar area and stared up at the TV screen, unseeing. He stuck his hands in his pockets and took a deep breath. Why couldn’t he stop thinking about Janae? She stayed with him every waking moment and starred in his dreams at night.

				He pulled out his cell phone and turned it on. He had two messages. The first was from his grandfather, wondering if he’d made it safely. The second was a text message from Janae stating she would accept his invitation. He called his grandparents first and got their answering machine.

				“Hey, Grandma and Grandpa. We made it safe.”

				His grandmother picked up the line. “Wait a minute. Don’t hang up, baby.”

				“Hi, beautiful.”

				She giggled. “How are you, sweetheart? Your grandfather and I were coming in from the pool.”

				“I’m good. We just finished rehearsing.”

				“Did you eat?” she asked.

				Terrence shook his head, not surprised by the question. “We’re going as soon as everything is secured.”

				“You make sure you eat and get some rest tonight. I know you’re going to be running for the next several days.”

				“I will. I promise.” He smiled, even though she couldn’t see him. Terrence had no idea how he would have gotten through life without them.

				“Your grandfather says hello. When are you coming home?”

				“Tell him hello, and I’ll hopefully be home next Tuesday evening, but Wednesday at the latest.” He looked up to see the group beckoning him. “I have to go, but I’ll try to call you guys on Sunday. I love you both.”

				“We love you, too, angel. Bye and be safe.”

				Terrence met the band in the lobby.

				“You ready to roll?” Donovan asked.

				“In a minute. I need to make a quick phone call.” He ignored Donovan’s knowing smile. “I’ll meet you guys in the parking lot in a few minutes.”

				Terrence waited until they left to make the next call. He had no desire to listen to Donovan’s teasing tonight. He had enough on his mind with trying to reconcile his feelings for Janae.





		 			 				Chapter 12

				“Hey, baby,” Terrence said in response to Janae’s greeting.

				“Hi, Terrence. How are you?”

				Better now that I’m talking to you. “Good. And you?”

				“I’m okay.”

				“Got your text. I’m glad you’ll be joining me.”

				“What’re you doing?”

				“We just finished rehearsal and are getting ready to go eat.”

				“Isn’t it a little late for dinner?”

				“It’s not even eight yet. I’ll probably get something light, though. What are you doing?”

				“I’m painting.”

				“What are you working on?”

				“The moon rising over the mountains at sunset. I saw it when I visited my parents in New Mexico.”

				“Are you painting from a picture you took?”

				“No. I’m painting it from memory.”

				“Are you serious? How long ago was your visit?”

				“Almost a year ago.”

				“And you can still remember what it looks like?”

				“I can close my eyes and see it as clearly as if I was standing there.”

				Just as I can see you when I close my eyes. Your beautiful smile. That curvy body. Oh, and those sexy lips that call to me. He tried to rid his mind of the visions. “I’d love to see it sometime. I wanted to let you know I got the text. The band is waiting for me, so I’ll call you early next week with your flight information.”

				“Okay. Knock ’em dead this weekend. Talk to you later.”

				Terrence laughed. “I’ll do my best.”

				Now, if he could only focus long enough to get through both concerts and interviews.

				* * *

				“Let’s give Monte another round of applause,” radio host Gayle Sanders said to the studio audience as the music faded. “We thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to sing a few songs and answer our questions.” She gestured him to one of the chairs.

				“Thanks for inviting me.”

				“You’ve been a busy man lately. Are you working on anything new?”

				“I am. I’ll have a new project coming out hopefully at the start of fall.” Terrence laughed as a few screams came from the audience. “I hope you’ll enjoy it.”

				“If you’re singing, I know I’ll enjoy it,” a woman called from the audience.

				Clapping and more shouts combined with “amen” and “I know that’s right” sounded through the audience.

				Gayle smiled. “Well, I guess there are a few people looking forward to your new project.”

				“I’ll try not to disappoint you all.”

				“You’ve been in the business for nearly a decade making your own music, as well as writing for and with other musicians. How do you keep coming up with meaningful lyrics?”

				Terrence thought for a minute. “Most of them come from life experiences. I’ve also had the opportunity to work with some incredibly talented musicians, who’ve helped me grow, as well. I’ve been blessed to do what I love.”

				“And it shows, Monte. We appreciate your dedication to keeping good music alive. Now, I always like to ask artists I interview this question. If you weren’t in the music business, what would you be doing?”

				“I need to think about that a minute. Hmm, I think I probably would have pursued a career in sports...maybe basketball.”

				“When did you play, and what position?”

				“High school and my first two years of college as a guard. Then I focused solely on music.”

				“That would have been a sight to see.” Gayle stood. “We’ll take a few questions from the audience.” She walked across the room and placed the microphone in front of a woman who had her hand up.

				“Hi, Monte. My name is Cherelle. I’d like to know how you come up with your songs.”

				“Hi, Cherelle. Most times, I have melodies or phrases playing around in my head, and I build from there. Sometimes the lyrics and music come quickly, and I finish a song in an hour or two. Other times, it may take a week or more.”

				Gayle moved to another area.

				“Hey, Monte. I’m Jackie. We know you sing and play piano. Do you play any other instruments, and did you study music in school?”

				“Hi, Jackie. I also play percussion, bass and guitar. I do okay on the saxophone.”

				“A man who does it all,” Gayle said.

				“I wouldn’t say that. To answer the rest of your question, I did study music in college.”

				“Smart, sexy and can sing,” a woman commented from the audience, followed by laughter.

				After several more questions, Gayle announced, “We’ll take one more question.” She walked quickly to the back of the room.

				“What’s up, man? My name is Reggie. I want to know what keeps you in the business with all of the changes and trends in the music industry.”

				“How’s it going, Reggie? Let’s see...what keeps me in the business? I’d have to say it’s because I love what I’m doing. Money drives the business, and nowadays, an artist often has to do more with less. You have to be committed to your craft. I’m fortunate to be working under my own label now, which gives me a little more freedom. It also gives me an opportunity to do venues like this, where I can connect with you on a more personal level.”

				“And we appreciate it,” Gayle said. “I think that about wraps it up. I do have one more question, however. Monte, you write the most beautiful love songs. Is there a special lady in your life who gives you inspiration?”

				“Sorry. There’s no one.”

				Several women yelled out comments.

				“I’ll give you inspiration.”

				“You taking applications?”

				“You need some inspiration?”

				Gayle laughed. “As you can see, there is no shortage of women who’d be happy to help you out.”

				“I’m flattered. But right now, my schedule doesn’t allow much time to pursue a relationship.”

				“All right. Let’s give it up for Monte. Thank you for spending this time with us. We look forward to the new project.”

				“It was my pleasure. Thank you again for inviting me, Gayle.”

				The audience broke out in applause and whistles. He stayed around awhile longer to chat and take pictures.

				By the time he left, Terrence was exhausted. He’d done the two concerts, this mini gathering and had an interview in the morning.

				“Nice show,” Donovan said once they were settled in the car.

				Leaning against the headrest with his eyes closed, Terrence said, “Thanks.”

				“I was wondering one thing, though.”

				“What’s that?”

				“If you don’t have time to pursue a relationship, what are you doing with Janae?”

				Yeah. What was he doing? He had no answer for Donovan...because he didn’t have one for himself.

				* * *

				Janae filled and closed another container, then placed it on the floor next to the others. School had ended yesterday, so she had to spend the second half of the week cleaning and packing up her classroom. Since there were no students on campus, the music from her iPod kept her company. She bobbed in time with the beat and sang while removing things from the walls.

				The song changed to one by Monte, and she reflected on his many facets. Monte the musician—outgoing, a consummate performer and supremely confident. And Terrence the man—no less confident, but reserved and thoughtful, almost shy, intelligent and witty. A perfect gentleman. Despite the tragedies in his life, he had worked hard and come out on top. This was who she had fallen in love with.

				Hearing the song made her wonder if he’d made it home yet. Since Terrence told her he would be home late Tuesday or sometime today, she assumed he was at least on his way. She was more than a little nervous. Janae had never spent the entire night with a man—Carter and Lawrence had always left before morning—and definitely hadn’t taken a flight to be with one. What would happen with the two of them staying under the same roof again? The chemistry between them was off the charts.

				Her mind went back to the incident on her couch. Closing her eyes, she remembered the way his mouth moved so sensuously over hers, how his hands caressed her body and how his hard body felt pressed against hers. Heat flooded her, her breathing became erratic and her legs trembled. She braced herself against the desk and tried to get control. These types of feelings had never happened to her with any other man. Why now? And why with the one man who could never give his heart? She was destined to have a broken heart because she couldn’t stop herself from falling in love with him. But he would never know.

				Shaking herself mentally, Janae went back to packing. She wanted to get as much done today as possible so she’d only need to spend a couple of hours here tomorrow. She filled container after container, and by the time she came up for air, another hour had passed.

				Rounding the desk, she dropped tiredly into her chair and took a long drink of water. Leaning back, she ran her eyes over her dusty clothes, glad she’d chosen to wear an old T-shirt and shorts. Rising again, she went to the sink to wash her hands. She quickly dried her hands to catch her ringing cell phone.

				“Hello?”

				“Hi, sweetheart.”

				Her heart flipped with the soft endearment. “Hey, yourself. Did you make it back home yet?”

				“We got back late last night.”

				“I’m glad you guys made it back safe. Hopefully, you got a little rest in between working. Did the concerts and interviews go well?”

				“Everything went well, but left little time for resting, so I slept in. I’m hanging out at the house today.”

				“Good for you. How are your grandparents? I know they’re happy you’re home.”

				“They’re fine, and yes, they’re definitely happy to see me. My grandmother fixed all my favorites for breakfast and sat across the table to make sure I ate every bite.”

				Janae laughed. “I bet you didn’t have any problems eating her cooking.”

				“No. None at all.” They fell silent for a moment. “I have your itinerary and confirmation for your flight. Do you want me to give it to you over the phone or forward it to your email?”

				“You can send it to my email.”

				“Okay. Is there anything special you want to do while you’re here?”

				“Not that I can think of. Whatever you plan will be fine. I’ve never been to a CD release party.”

				“Then I’ll make sure you enjoy yourself. I thought school ended. What are you doing?”

				“Taking down my classroom. There’s no guarantee teachers will have the same classroom next year, so we have to take everything home.”

				“That’s a shame. I remember my teachers having the same classroom for years when I was in school. How long have you been cleaning?”

				“Since about nine, and I still have some things to do. I’ll probably finish tomorrow.”

				“Janae, it’s almost three. Is there anyone helping you?”

				“I’m doing it alone, and I’m leaving soon.”

				“I wish I was there to help you,” he murmured.

				“Terrence? What’re you thinking?”

				“What do you mean?”

				“Don’t try to play me. I know there’s something going on in your mind.” Then it dawned on her. “I know you aren’t thinking of flying up here. If you are, strike it from your mind right now.”

				“How did you know I was thinking that?”

				“Doesn’t matter how I know, just that I do. You’d better not show up here, or I will hurt you.”

				“Dang, baby. You don’t have to get violent.”

				She chuckled. “I won’t if you keep yourself in L.A. Besides, you need to rest. I’m sure you have plenty to catch up on.”

				“I hear you, and I promise to stay here. I’m looking forward to seeing you.”

				“Me, too.”

				“Well, I’d better let you go. I don’t want you to stay too late.”

				“I won’t. I’ll probably leave in less than half an hour. I only plan to spend a couple of hours here tomorrow morning.”

				“How are you getting all your stuff home?”

				“Devin has a truck. He’ll be by during his lunchtime tomorrow to take everything home for me.”

				“Good. I’d hate to break my promise about not coming to help you.”

				“I don’t know what I’m gonna do with you.”

				“I have a few suggestions,” he said in that deep, sexy voice. “Would you like to hear them?”

				“Um...I don’t think so,” she answered breathlessly. “I should get off this phone.”

				“Yeah, probably. I’ll talk to you later.”

				“Okay.” Janae disconnected and tossed the phone on the desk. Rubbing her temples, she muttered, “A fantasy, a onetime excursion—that’s all this was supposed to be. This has gotten so out of control. Why can’t I resist this man?” His softly spoken words had been filled with so much heat, she could feel it through the phone.

				She sat there a few minutes more, then worked awhile longer. After stacking everything in one area, she shut down her computer and collected some papers from the printer. She picked up a small box containing a few personal items and her purse, then locked up for the day.

				Janae met Karen as she walked to the office.

				“Hey, girl. You leaving?”

				Karen blew out a long breath. “Yes. I am so tired. I think some stuff multiplied throughout the year, because I know I didn’t buy all that.”

				“I hear you. I have to come back tomorrow for a couple of hours and then I’m done.”

				“I may be here a little longer, but hopefully not much more. Have you talked to Terrence yet?”

				“Yeah. He got back last night and called with my itinerary for the weekend.”

				“When are you leaving?”

				“Sometime Saturday morning. He emailed it to me a little while ago, and I haven’t looked at the information yet.”

				“Ooh. Let’s see,” Karen said excitedly. She peered over Janae’s shoulder as she took out her phone and scanned the email. “Oh, my goodness. He has you booked in first class.”

				Janae put her phone away quickly.

				“What are you guys going to do during the day? The party doesn’t start until eight, which leaves lots of time for fun.”

				“I have no idea. I told him whatever he planned would be fine.” Janae stopped next to her car, unlocked it and placed her box on the backseat. “You know, I’m still a little uncomfortable with this whole thing. I should have told Terrence I couldn’t come.”

				“Why? The two of you seem to enjoy each other’s company, and you said he’s a nice guy.”

				Because I love him, and he’ll never love me back. “I just don’t do this sort of thing, that’s all.”

				“Well, go and enjoy yourself. I’ll be expecting details.”

				“I’m sure you will,” Janae said wryly. “Maybe you should go in my place.”

				“I would, but I don’t think my face is the one Terrence will be looking for at the airport. Girl, the way he looks at you makes me warm.” Karen fanned herself.

				“Whatever. You are such a nut. I’m going home to paint.”

				“See, that’s why you don’t have any fun—you’re always in the studio. Although I have to admit, those paintings are beyond amazing. If I don’t see you before you leave, have a great time.”

				“I will.”

				Later, Janae lay in bed staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep. How had she allowed herself to fall in love again, especially after what she had gone through the past two times? In reality, she’d never stood a chance resisting Terrence’s charm. The man had a way about him that made the most determined woman surrender her soul. Now, if she could only get through the weekend without him knowing her feelings...





		 			 				Chapter 13

				Terrence checked his watch for the umpteenth time. “What’s taking so long?” he mumbled under his breath. Janae’s plane had landed twenty minutes ago. He surveyed the area near the escalator again, but still didn’t see her. He had never met anyone like her. No other woman talked to him as if he were a regular guy. She didn’t seem to care about his status, something else he could add to the list of reasons why he was so attracted to her.

				He started pacing again, drawing the attention of some passersby. Two women stared at him curiously. Terrence turned away and pulled the baseball cap further down over his eyes. He had worn a pair of eyeglasses to help shield his identity. Today he had no desire to interact with his fans. The only woman he wanted to see stepped into view as he turned back toward the escalator.

				His breath caught, and his feet rooted him to the spot. She seemed more beautiful each time he saw her. Terrence watched her scan the terminal as she stepped off the escalator. She had dressed for the warmer weather, wearing an orange tank top, white cropped pants and sandals. Her smooth, flawless caramel skin had him contemplating skipping the party and taking her to his room where he could leisurely explore each and every inch of her soft skin, then make love to her until they both passed out.

				He started toward her, and the corners of his mouth curved in a slow grin when she caught his gaze and stared at him in puzzlement.

				“Hey, baby,” he said, stopping in front of her.

				“Terrence?”

				He chuckled. “Yeah.” He leaned down and kissed her cheek.

				Janae smiled. “Hey. I didn’t recognize you. What’s with the glasses and hat?”

				He arched an eyebrow.

				“Oh, yeah. I keep forgetting you’re this megastar.” Leaning closer, she added, “We wouldn’t want to cause a minor stampede of screaming women.”

				Shaking his head, he eased the bags from her hands. “Do you have anything else?”

				“Nope. That’s it.”

				“How was the flight?”

				“It was great. I’ve never flown first class before. They treated me like a queen, so thank you.”

				“You’re welcome.”

				He led her to his SUV and seated her before depositing her bags in the back.

				“What are we doing today?” she asked as he got in and started the engine.

				“I thought we’d drop your stuff off at the hotel and head over to the beach for a little while.”

				“Sounds good. I haven’t been to the beach in a long time.”

				“We can eat when we get there.”

				Once they reached the hotel, Terrence accepted the valet ticket and assisted Janae down. He retrieved her bags from the trunk and escorted her inside the hotel.

				“This is very nice,” Janae commented as she glanced around the lobby. When they passed the front desk, she asked, “Don’t we need to check in first?”

				“I’m already checked in, so we can go up.” He turned at the sound of someone calling his name.

				“Hey, T. Where’ve you been? I need to talk to you about a couple of things for tonight.” Donovan quickened his strides to catch up to them. “Janae,” he said with surprise. “I didn’t know you were coming to the party. It’s good to see you again.” Leaning down, he kissed her cheek, then turned his questioning gaze to Terrence.

				“Hi, Donovan. It’s good to see you, too,” she said.

				“Will it take long?” Terrence asked, stepping into the elevator. “Janae and I are going back out as soon as we take her things to the room.”

				“No more than ten minutes.”

				“We can talk in the room.”

				When they reached it, Terrence slid the key card into the lock, opened the door and stepped back for Janae to precede him.

				Terrence placed Janae’s bags on the bed in the master bedroom of the two-bedroom suite. “Is this okay?”

				“It’s amazing. I know you have to talk with Donovan. Go ahead. I’ll just unpack and settle in.” She waved him out.

				* * *

				Janae stepped into the opulent space and tried not to gape at the exquisite furnishings and the two sitting areas—one facing the television and the other facing a fireplace. The living room had a work area and dining room table with seating for eight. The bedroom was no less grand.

				After he walked out, she ventured into the bathroom and gasped. The bathroom had luxury marble and mosaic tile with a generous tub, steam shower, dual sinks and ample closet space. She returned to the bedroom and ran her hand over the king-size bed with its sumptuous bedding. Another sitting area with a chaise lounge and fireplace sat across the room. She lingered over the elegance a moment longer, then unpacked.

				Sitting on the side of the bed, Janae went back over what might take place this weekend. She’d tossed and turned all night, and the butterflies still danced in her stomach. It didn’t help that Terrence looked every bit the chocolate fantasy who’d been starring in her dreams every night. Even the pullover silk T, shorts and leather sandals couldn’t disguise his magnificent build.

				* * *

				“All right, man. What’s up with you and Janae?” Donovan asked as soon as Terrence returned. “You have never, and I mean never, brought a date to any function.”

				Terrence shrugged. “I told you before, she’s cool. It’s nothing serious.” If only that were the truth. “So what did you need to talk about?”

				Donovan folded his arms and grinned. “Uh-huh, whatever you say.” Silence. “Yeah, you’ve got it bad.” He shook his head and laughed.

				Terrence glared. His feelings for Janae grew daily, and he had no idea how to make it stop. For a man who swore never to risk his heart, it was humbling.

				“Anyway, Gary and Erica want to talk to you about some publicity matters and the giveaways. I told them you could meet around seven, but that was before I knew you had a date.” Gary and Erica were in charge of the PR department.

				“I’ll be down. Janae can either come with me, or she can come closer to eight, when everything starts.”

				“Fine. Have fun and I’ll see you tonight.”

				Terrence waited until he left, then called the front desk to make sure the picnic basket he’d ordered was ready. He found Janae out on the bedroom’s balcony.

				“Are you ready?” he asked, coming to stand behind her. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her against him.

				“Ready when you are.” She tilted her head back.

				Unable to resist, he lowered his head and covered her mouth with his. The kiss was sweet and gentle, and when she slid her tongue in his mouth, it made him groan deep in his throat. When he ended the kiss, her passion-filled eyes tempted him to forget about the beach and the picnic. It took everything within him to maintain control.

				“Let’s go.”

				They had taken only a few steps off the elevator when a small group of women recognized him.

				“Oh, my goodness. It’s Monte,” one woman gushed.

				“I love you, Monte,” another one said. She latched on to his arm and tried to pull him down for a kiss.

				They quickly surrounded him, trying to get pictures and autographs. Janae walked over to one of the lobby’s plush chairs to sit. He saw her laugh and shake her head. After several minutes, he managed to make his way to the desk and collect the basket. She stood when he approached.

				“What’s that?”

				He held up the basket. “Our lunch. I thought we’d have a picnic on the beach.”

				“It seems like you thought of everything.”

				“I hope so.”

				They found a partially shaded spot on the beach, and Terrence spread out the blanket he’d brought. “Do you want to eat first?”

				“Yes. I’m hungry. What’s in here?” She opened the basket and pulled out an assortment of sandwiches, chips, fruit and bottles of sparkling water.

				“What do you think?” he asked, removing plates, silverware and napkins.

				“Everything looks good.”

				They fixed their plates and ate in silence for a few minutes.

				“This is really nice. I haven’t been to the beach since last year. It must be awesome having several beaches in your backyard.”

				“I haven’t been to the beach in a long time.”

				“Why not?”

				He shrugged. “Working, I guess.”

				“What do you do for fun?”

				He thought for a moment, trying to remember the last time he’d done anything remotely related to fun. “I don’t know.”

				“That’s pitiful. You need some fun in your life.”

				He regarded her thoughtfully. “You think so?”

				“Of course. Everyone should take some time to relax and have fun, especially someone like you who works so hard. When was the last time you let yourself go, threw caution to the wind and did something just for the sheer enjoyment of an activity?” When he didn’t respond, she shook her head. “That look on your face tells me it’s been way too long.” She patted his arm. “It’s a good thing I’m here today. We’re gonna have some fun.” She winked at him and continued to eat.

				Terrence chuckled. Janae was different from every woman he’d ever met—and more dangerous, too. She had slowly chipped away at the wall he’d erected around his heart just by being herself.

				He finished his food and lay back on the blanket. Taking a deep breath, he thought about what she’d said. He’d been so focused on music for such a long time that he never stopped to think about how empty his life was, probably because he didn’t want to think about it. He found it easier to hide behind the “Monte” persona. So lost in reflection, he didn’t hear Janae calling him until she touched his arm. He rolled to his side facing her and propped on his elbow.

				“I’m sorry. What did you say?”

				“I asked if you were okay. You kind of zoned out for a minute.”

				“I’m fine. Just thinking about what you said. So, what kind of fun did you have in mind?”

				She smiled. “First, we have to put this stuff back in the car.” She repacked the basket and stood.

				He slowly came to his feet and gazed at her questioningly, but she continued to smile while they folded the blanket. He picked up the basket, then started toward the car. As soon as they deposited everything in the trunk, she removed her sandals, placed them next to the basket and looked at him expectantly. He raised his eyebrows.

				“The ground is not too hot, so come on. You have to take off your shoes.”

				His gaze slid down to her small, perfect feet with white-tipped and clear-painted toenails. “Do I really need to take...?” He trailed off when she folded her arms. “Fine.” He slipped off his sandals and put them next to hers.

				“See, it’s not so bad, is it?” she teased. “It’s not like you have twelve toes covered in bunions.”

				He closed the hatch, pressed the remote to lock the doors and grabbed her hand. “Come on, girl.”

				She burst out laughing and followed him.

				He looked down at the delight on her face and tried to hold on to his scowl, but failed.

				They walked near the water’s edge, and she dropped down in the sand, pulling him with her.

				“We’re going to build a sand castle.”

				“I don’t know, Janae. I haven’t done this since I was a kid.” Ten years old, to be exact. The last time he’d built a sand castle was with his father, after he had recovered from the first brain tumor. He’d brought Terrence to the beach so they could have some fun together. The thought evoked bittersweet memories and a barrage of emotions—the love and support he’d always received, and then the pain of losing him.

				“Well, now’s the perfect time to let that kid out again.” She started digging, packing and forming sand into a tower. “Don’t just sit there, start working. Do what I’m doing.”

				He picked up a handful of sand and followed her lead.

				“Yeah. Like that.”

				“We’re a little close to the water, aren’t we?” He frowned as he watched the waves come close to where they sat.

				“We need wet sand, the wetter the better since we don’t have any tools. And we’re not that close. I haven’t seen any waves come this close.”

				Terrence kept building. He relaxed and started to actually have fun. Pretty soon, they had the makings of a decent castle. “Hey, this is starting to look like a real castle.”

				“Told you.”

				They kept building until there were towers, walls and doors. She had even built an arch. “How did you get so good at this?” he asked.

				She shrugged. “I try to hit the beach a few times each summer. But unlike you, I have to drive at least an hour to Santa Cruz or Monterey. I also use sand in my classroom.”

				“This looks good.” He took out his phone and snapped a picture. “So what do you do with it after you finish?”

				“Leave it. Either the water or someone will come by and knock it down.”

				“Why wait for someone else to knock it down?” He broke off a piece of the tower.

				“I know you didn’t just break my tower,” she said incredulously. She scooped up a handful of sand and threw it at him, hitting him square in the chest and splattering it across his face.

				He jerked back in surprise and stared down at his shirt. Pieces of damp sand clung to it, and a large, wet stain formed in the center. She must have interpreted his look because she jumped up and ran.

				She squealed and dodged the sand he threw, but kept running and laughing. Three steps later, he ran her down and scooped her into his arms. She screamed when he threw her up and caught her.

				“Are you crazy? You could have dropped me.”

				“Me crazy? I’m not the one throwing sand at people,” he said with mock outrage. “I wouldn’t have dropped your little lightweight butt anyway. I bench-press more than twice what you weigh.”

				“What-eva. All I know is if you drop me, I will hurt you real bad, Terrence Campbell.” She looped her arms around his neck and impulsively kissed his cheek.

				The soft kiss caught him off guard, and before he could stop himself, he lowered his head and crushed his mouth to hers in a scorching kiss. He shuddered when she ran her hands up the base of his neck and into his hair, pulling lightly on the curly strands. He moaned and tightened his arms around her, deepening the kiss.

				At length he lifted his head, belatedly remembering they stood on a crowded beach. He’d never kissed a woman in public like this. With her, he found himself doing a lot of things he’d never done before. She stared up at him with a look that made his gut clench.

				After kissing her once more, he whispered, “Are you ready to leave?”

				“Um...yes.”

				He slowly lowered her to her feet, and she wobbled slightly. He placed his hands on her waist to steady her. Reaching for her hand, they strolled back to the car, stopping to rinse off their hands and feet. The ride back to the hotel was accomplished in silence. Both were lost in their own thoughts.

				Before getting out of the SUV, he pulled his baseball cap down over his eyes and slid the glasses on. Coming around to the passenger side, he helped Janae down. “What?” he asked, looking into her smiling face.

				“You hiding in plain sight.” She chuckled as they entered the lobby. “I’m guessing these people staring think we’re in the wrong hotel, being this dirty.”

				Terrence glanced down at their clothing. “I guess we do look a little out of place. I haven’t been this dirty since I was a kid.”

				“But you had fun, didn’t you?”

				He slid his key card in the elevator’s PH slot, and the doors closed. Holding her gaze, he stroked a finger down her cheek. “It was the most fun I’ve had in over twenty years.”

				“I’m glad,” she said softly. “I’m so tired I’m ready to pass out, but I’m way too dirty.”

				He opened the hotel room door and stepped back to let her precede him. “It’s about four-thirty. You can relax for a while if you want, and we can get dinner around six. The party doesn’t start until eight, but I have to go down and meet with a couple of people from our publicity department at seven. You can come down with me or closer to eight.”

				“Dinner at six is fine. Can we eat here?”

				“Sure.”

				“I think I’ll wait until later to join you. Will I be able to get in if I’m there before eight?”

				“I’ll make sure of it.”

				She nodded. “I think I’ll go get cleaned up and lie down for a while. What are you going to do?”

				“Probably shower and relax, too.” Walking over to where she stood, he rubbed his hands up and down her arms and pressed a kiss to her forehead. “Take the master bath. I’ll shower in the other bathroom. Let me get my stuff, and I’ll be out of your way.”

				Terrence stepped into the shower and let the water run over his head and body. Bracing his hands on the wall, he tried hard not to imagine Janae naked, lying in the bathtub. Each time they were together, he saw another facet of her personality. She was intelligent, talented, somewhat shy and, as he learned today, playful. And she had him doing the same thing.

				Until now, his dates with women had usually consisted of dining at exclusive restaurants or taking in a show at the theater. None of those women would have been content playing on the beach or hanging out at home talking all night. Thinking back, most of those conversations had been centered on the women wanting to know what parties he’d been invited to, other famous people he knew and whether or not they could get free concert tickets. Some had even insinuated that they’d be more than willing to attend all those high-profile functions.

				He laughed to himself. Janae was the first woman he’d ever asked to attend a function, and it had taken her a week to decide.

				“Yeah, she’s real different,” he said aloud.

				He finished his shower, dressed, then went to sit out on the balcony. The temperature was still warm, and he dropped down onto one of the loungers. While there, he made a few calls and confirmed the meeting time with Donovan. Lying back on the lounger, he closed his eyes and willed his mind blank. He didn’t realize he’d dozed off until he felt a touch on his shoulder.

				Terrence sat up and swung his leg over the lounger. “Hey. What time is it?”

				“It’s almost six. I know you have a meeting, so we should get something to eat.”

				He ran his hand over his face and stood. “Do you have any idea what you want for dinner?” he asked while stretching. He noticed Janae’s eyes focused on his bare chest. When she looked up, his eyes were waiting. A slow smile formed on his mouth.

				“Um...what did you say?”

				“I asked if you know what you want to eat.”

				“Oh. No. I haven’t looked at the menu yet.” She whirled around and went back inside.

				Janae leaned against the desk, looking over the menu. He came up behind her and pinned her with his body. Bending down, Terrence buried his face in the hollow of her neck. “Mmm, you smell good.” He pressed his lips softly against the space, then leaned over her shoulder to read the menu. She gasped softly. “What looks good?”

				“I...um...I think I’ll have a Caesar salad with grilled chicken.”

				“Sounds good. I’ll have the same.” He knew he should probably step back, but her soft curves felt so good pressed against his hard frame. Instead, he moved even closer and reached for the phone. After placing their order, he turned her to face him. “I can’t get enough of your kisses,” he whispered against her lips.

				She leaned up to take him deeper, and he used his tongue to taste every crevice of her mouth. She moaned and reached up to pull him even closer.

				Her soft moans sent fire through his veins. He didn’t know how long they stood there before he lifted and carried her to the nearest chair, sitting so she straddled his lap. His hands moved purposefully over her body, mapping her curves. He dragged his mouth away from hers, tilted her head back and charted a path with his tongue over the exposed column of her neck and the portion of her chest that was visible above her sundress. He groaned deep in his throat when she treated him to the same wanton caresses. Sliding his hands back up her arms, he reached for the dress’s thin straps.

				Someone knocked at the door.

				He groaned in frustration and leaned his forehead against hers. Standing with her in his arms, he turned and placed her on the chair and went to answer the door, stopping in the bedroom to grab a shirt and willing his body back to a state of calm.





		 			 				Chapter 14

				Janae leaned back in the chair with her eyes closed and hands fisted—heart pounding, breathing erratic, body pulsing—trying to gain some measure of control. Her limited sexual experience had not prepared her for these types of sensations. While lying in the tub, her mind had automatically wandered to him and how much fun they seemed to have together, no matter what they were doing. Hearing him in the shower had her remembering his bare, muscular chest and wondering what the rest of his body looked like—especially with the water streaming down over it. Now he had her body in such a state, she was tempted to tell him to forget about dinner, the party...everything, and finish what he’d started.

				She heard voices and dishes being placed in the dining room, but didn’t move from her position. A few minutes later, strong arms lifted her and she came to rest against Terrence’s chest. Opening her eyes, she met his gaze. He held hers intently and then placed a soft, lingering kiss against her lips. Draping her arms loosely around his neck, she leaned against his shoulder as he carried her over to the table, then placed her in a chair. Neither spoke for several minutes while they slowly ate. The sexual tension was so thick it wouldn’t take much to push them over the edge.

				Janae took a sip of her iced tea. “How long will the party last?”

				“Usually a couple of hours, but some people tend to hang around awhile longer. Why?”

				“Just curious. How long have you been working with the group?”

				“Two years. Kaleidoscope was signed to another label for four years before joining us.”

				“How many CDs do they have?”

				“One with the previous label. Tonight’s release will be their second with us.”

				“What type of music do they play?”

				“It’s categorized as jazz, but is probably more like jazzy R & B.”

				“I can’t wait to hear them.”

				They finished eating in silence, and then Terrence left to get dressed. Janae went back outside to the balcony. She leaned against the railing and studied the Beverly Hills view in the fading sunlight. From their floor, she could see buildings for miles. As she stood there, nervousness took hold again. Not one for a lot of attention, she must have been out of her mind to accept an invitation to be seen with one of the most popular music artists and producers in the country.

				“Yeah, that was really smart,” she mumbled under her breath.

				The door opened behind her, and Terrence stepped out. Her mouth ran dry. Wearing a pair of charcoal-gray trousers and white silk T that molded to his massive chest, he was a chocolate fantasy personified—a rich, decadent, sinful fantasy.

				“Hey. You look really good. Are you getting ready to leave?”

				“Yeah.” He hesitated. “I have something for you.”

				She arched an eyebrow, and he smiled.

				“Humor me.” He gestured her inside.

				She walked warily through the door with him following. On a side table sat a wrapped, long jeweler’s box, which he handed to her. Taking a seat in the closest chair, she carefully unwrapped and opened it. A small gasp escaped when she saw the diamond charm bracelet nestled inside. “It’s beautiful,” she whispered. “But you didn’t need to buy me anything.”

				Easing the box from her hands, he removed the bracelet then set the box on the table. “I know, but I wanted to.” He lifted her arm and fastened the bracelet around her wrist. “I chose the schoolhouse because you are an incredible teacher, the palette and brush because you’re an amazing and gifted artist, and the angel because you are the most beautiful and giving person I know.”

				His heartfelt words brought tears to her eyes. “I don’t know what to say. I... Thank you.” Rising from the chair, she wrapped her arms around his waist and hugged him tight, repeating her thanks.

				“You’re welcome.” A knock sounded at the door. “That’s probably Donovan.”

				Janae released him and wiped the tears from her eyes as she watched him disappear around the corner. He came back moments later with his friend.

				“Hey, Janae,” Donovan said.

				“Hi, Donovan. You look nice.”

				“You think so?” he asked, looking down at himself. “Yeah. I see your point. I do, don’t I?”

				She laughed. “Try not to break too many hearts tonight,” she teased.

				He ran his hand over his clean-shaven face and said humorously, “Hmm, I’ll see what I can do.”

				She glanced in Terrence’s direction to see him shaking his head.

				“What? She’s right. I do look good,” Donovan said innocently.

				Janae glanced back over at Terrence and laughed harder.

				“Man, I don’t know why I keep you around,” Terrence said with mock disgust. “Are you ready?”

				Donovan winked at Janae. “Waiting on you, T.”

				Terrence slipped into his suit coat and turned to Janae. “When you come down, tell the person at the door that you’re with RC Productions.”

				“Okay. See you guys in a while.”

				* * *

				Terrence listened to Erica, the company’s publicist, as she related the information regarding the postcards. Apparently, there had been a mix-up and their order hadn’t been completed.

				“The person who answered the phone tried to tell me I had the wrong date, but when I told him to check the bottom of the invoice, he backpedaled. I finally spoke to the owner, who promised that they would work overtime to have them delivered by seven-thirty tonight. He also cut the price in half,” she added.

				“What about everything else?”

				“Gary and I went through the boxes and everything’s here—CDs, shirts and raffle tickets. I have the concert tickets we’ll be giving away, as well.”

				“Sounds like you have it under control,” Terrence said, pleased that all the problems had been worked out.

				Erica nodded. “We’re going to start getting things on the tables.” She stood. “I know you need to talk to the guys in the group, so we’ll let you get to it.”

				Terrence rose to his feet. “Thanks, Erica and Gary. I don’t know what I’d do without you two.”

				Gary clapped him on the back. “No problem, boss. You make it easy.”

				On the heels of their departure, two members of Kaleidoscope approached. Mark, the bassist, spoke first. “Hey, Monte. Looking good, man.”

				Terrence brought him in for a one-arm hug. “So are you. Ready to bring down the house?”

				“You’d better believe it, man,” Roger, the keyboardist, answered. “What’s up, Big D?” he asked as Donovan joined them.

				“It’s all good, Roger. Hey, Mark. I’m ready for some great music. I listened to the finished product, and I think this CD is going to fly off the shelves. Everything ready to go?”

				“Pretty much. We’re waiting for them to hook up the microphones,” Mark said.

				They discussed the setup for a few minutes, and then the two band members left to tune their instruments and warm up.

				“Did Erica and Gary get everything straightened out?” Donovan asked.

				Terrence nodded. “The printer should be delivering the cards in a few minutes, and because it was their screwup, he’s knocking off half the cost.”

				“Good. Greg is manning the door. There’re already a number of people standing around in the hallway. I sent the videographer over to talk with Gary, and the folks from the media were interviewing some of the fans when I came in.”

				“What about the photographer?”

				“I haven’t seen her yet. What time is Janae coming down?”

				“I told her to come down around seven forty-five, before we open the doors to the public.”

				Donovan checked his watch. “She should be here in a few minutes, then. You’ve never had a date for a publicity function. How are you going to handle this?”

				“What do you mean?”

				“Media, cameras...you know, everyone’ll be curious about her. You’re not going to keep her at arm’s length, are you?”

				He glared. “No.” Taking a deep breath, he continued in a calmer voice. “No, but she doesn’t like a lot of attention, so I plan to do everything I can to protect her.”

				“You really care about her, don’t you?”

				An employee beckoned Terrence and interrupted whatever he had planned to say. Turning on his heel, he walked away with Donovan’s laughter following.

				* * *

				After their departure, Janae admired the bracelet a few moments more, then went to get dressed. She pinned her hair up in a loose twist, lined her eyes and applied lipstick. Other than the bracelet and watch, her only jewelry was a diamond pendant and matching studs, gifts from her brother Erik.

				Moving back to the bedroom, she stepped into the dress. Sitting on the padded bench at the foot of the bed, she slid her feet into the gunmetal-gray slingback sandals adorned with crystals across the toe strap. Walking over to the full-length mirror, she surveyed the overall effect. As much as she hated to admit it, Karen had picked out a winning combination. The shoes and matching evening bag were a perfect complement to the little black dress. She took one more glance at her watch, inhaled deeply, stuffed the key card in her purse and left the suite.

				Downstairs, she approached the large man standing outside the closed ballroom door observing the people milling around the hallway. “Excuse me.”

				“May I help you?”

				“Hello. My name is Janae Simms, and I’m with RC Productions. I was told you would have my name so I could enter.”

				He folded his arms across his massive chest and chuckled mirthlessly. “You and about twenty other women who’ve already tried that tonight, honey. So stand in line.”

				She stared at the huge hulk of a man and tried to keep her voice steady. “I have no idea what any other woman has tried, but I’m telling the truth.”

				“Who told you this?”

				“Ter...Monte,” she corrected. “He’s a friend of mine, and he said it would be no problem.”

				“Now I know you’re lying. Monte definitely wouldn’t have told you that.”

				She silently counted to ten. Striving for patience, she said through clenched teeth, “Sir, I don’t lie.”

				“Like I said, take a number and stand in line.” He turned away.

				Instead of arguing, she took out her cell phone to call Terrence.

				“Janae? Is that you?” It was Donovan’s voice behind her. She turned to find his jaw unhinged. “Damn, girl!”

				She turned and gave him a small smile. “It’s me,” she said, replacing her phone.

				“You know her, Donovan?” the bouncer asked. “She said Monte invited her,” he added skeptically.

				“Yep, he did.”

				His eyes widened. “I don’t believe it. I’m really sorry, miss.”

				“It’s all right. I understand.”

				She followed Donovan into the ballroom and immediately heard the music. The band was only practicing, but she could feel herself being drawn in already. Tables had been set around the stage, leaving room for dancing near the front. Several people rushed around taking care of what she assumed to be last-minute tasks.

				Janae searched the room for Terrence, spotting him on the far side talking with a small group next to the stage. As if sensing her presence, he turned. She gave him a tiny wave.

				* * *

				Terrence lost track of everything around him when he saw Janae. If he’d thought her beautiful before, he had no words to describe what she looked like now. He became instantly aroused and didn’t realize he was holding his breath until he felt the pressure in his chest.

				“Who is that?” Jason, Kaleidoscope’s saxophonist, asked.

				“Is she a new RC employee?” Gary asked.

				Chris, the band’s drummer, stepped off the stage. “I think I’ll go introduce myself.”

				“Ah, I wouldn’t do that if I were you, my brother,” Donovan said, grabbing Chris’s arm.

				Terrence stepped away from the group without commenting and slowly walked across the room to where she stood waiting. “You look absolutely breathtaking.” Leaning down, he kissed her cheek, being careful not to touch her. It wouldn’t take much for him to toss her over his shoulder and go back to their room.

				“Thank you,” she replied through lowered lashes. “This is very nice.”

				“Come on. Let me introduce you to the band.”

				As they approached, Terrence noticed the stunned looks on everyone’s faces except Donovan’s. He made the introductions, and anger surged through him when a couple of the band members held on to Janae’s hand longer than politeness dictated.

				Janae extricated her hand from Chris’s and ignored his flirtatious comments. Terrence then introduced her to a few of the record company’s employees.

				“Why is everyone staring at me?” she asked as they walked away.

				“I guess they’re all surprised because I’ve never invited a date to any function before.”

				Her steps slowed. “Why me?”

				“I like you.” He placed his hand on her back to urge her forward and froze when he came in contact with bare skin. He glanced back at the smooth caramel skin and groaned.

				“What’s wrong?”

				After they were seated, he leaned close to her ear and whispered, “You’re killing me with this dress, baby girl. All I want to do is strip it from you slowly and make love to you all...night...long.” He eased back, letting her see the unmistakable desire in his eyes.

				Her gaze drifted to his mouth, and she leaned forward.

				“Don’t do it, sweetheart,” he said huskily, interpreting her thoughts. “I’m barely hanging on here.” He kissed the back of her hand and stood. “I’ll be right back. I’m going to get us something to drink. What would you like?”

				“Ginger ale, please.”

				Terrence went to the bar and seriously contemplated getting a shot of something strong. How in the world was he going to make it through the next few hours? From the moment he’d spotted her, the only thing on his mind had been making love to her. He’d never wanted a woman as much as he wanted her—ever.

				“Man, Janae is looking really good.” Donovan clapped him on the back. “You’re going to have a lot of competition tonight.”

				The look Terrence gave him would have made another person back down, but Donovan merely laughed. “Did you need something?” he asked testily.

				“Nah. It’s good to know that heart of yours isn’t made of the stone you thought it was.”

				“My heart has nothing to do with this.” He accepted their drinks from the bartender and stormed off.

				“You are so in love with that girl, you can’t see straight,” Donovan called after him.

				So maybe that was the truth. But he was determined to keep those feelings on lockdown. The lights went down, and the MC stepped onto the stage as he took his seat.

				“Thanks.” Janae took a sip from the glass he handed her.

				He sat back and observed Janae. She swayed to the beat and watched people dance. They laughed at one particular woman who seemed to be enjoying herself immensely, dancing all around the room.

				After two songs, Erica went onstage to make some announcements and do some giveaways. The music started up as soon as she exited.

				“They’re really good,” Janae told Terrence.

				“I agree. Dance with me?” He stood and extended his hand.

				She took his hand and followed him out onto the floor.

				Initially, he heard whispering and saw fingers pointed at “Monte.” He knew this would give people plenty to talk about. Finally, everyone went back to dancing.

				“You dance pretty well, for a guy over thirty,” she teased.

				He laughed and winked. “You ain’t seen nothing yet, baby.” He wanted to tell her she danced pretty well, too. The sensual way she moved to the music threatened his sanity.

				Finally the music changed to a slow, jazzy ballad. Pulling her in his arms, he continued dancing, making sure to keep a respectable distance between them. A minute into the song, he realized being this close to her wasn’t such a great idea, either.

				He suffered through each agonizing second feeling her soft body pressed against his. Beads of perspiration popped out on his forehead. When the song was over, he led her back to the table. After what seemed like hours, the last stragglers were ushered out, leaving the staff to clean up.

				“What do you need me to help with?” Janae asked.

				“What are you talking about?”

				“The cleanup. What can I do to help?”

				He regarded her intently. “We’re not helping with the cleanup. Give me a minute to speak to some folks.”

				“Take your time.” She gathered up the gift basket she’d won containing a CD, T-shirt, tickets and backstage passes to Kaleidoscope’s L.A. summer concert.

				“Ready?” he asked when he returned.

				“Yes. Are you sure you don’t need to stay down here? If you do, I don’t mind. I know this is part of your job.”

				“The only person I need to attend to right now is you.”

				After saying their goodbyes, he escorted her back to their suite. He moved aside to let her enter first. He’d waited all night to have her to himself, and he planned to savor every moment.





		 			 				Chapter 15

				Janae set her basket on an end table, went into the master bedroom and tossed her purse onto the padded bench. Terrence came up behind her and placed a soft kiss on her bare shoulder. She inhaled sharply.

				“Do you know how beautiful you are?” he murmured as his hands continued their journey over the exposed flesh of her shoulders, back and arms. Lowering his head, he traced a path with his tongue along her neck and upper back. “The only thing I’ve wanted to do all night was touch and kiss every part of your soft, smooth, caramel skin. I’m going to start at the top of your head and work my way down to the tender, inviting curves of your oh-so-lovely backside...down to the adventurous slopes of your legs...up to your sweet, sugar-filled...”

				Gasping, Janae spun in his arms, pulled his head down and covered his mouth with hers to halt his erotic confession. His words were so hot, she almost melted on the spot—although the wicked things his mouth was doing to hers produced the same results. Only his strong grip kept her from sliding to the floor.

				Fire surged through her veins. Gripping his shoulders, she tore her mouth away to take a much-needed breath. His breathing was as uneven as hers.

				He rested his forehead against hers. “Janae, can I make love to you, baby?” he asked in a need-laden voice.

				“Yes,” she answered in one that was barely audible.

				“Thank you,” he whispered, placing light kisses on her forehead, eyelids, nose and cheeks, before taking her mouth in another heated kiss. Turning her around again, he continued his taste quest.

				He slowly lowered her zipper, kissing and licking each portion of newly bared skin.

				She moaned loudly as his tongue scorched every part of her body it touched. “Terrence?”

				“Hmm.”

				“Um... I don’t... I haven’t... My experience with this is...”

				“It doesn’t matter,” he murmured, still kissing his way down her body. Dropping to his knees, he held the dress so she could step out of it, tossed it on the bench, then caressed her legs. He turned her around, and she shuddered as his heated gaze raked over her. She stood there wearing nothing but a black lace strapless bra, matching bikini panties and her shoes.

				“You are absolutely perfect,” he whispered reverently. “And these shoes are so damn sexy on your feet.” He removed them and kissed his way back up the front of her body.

				“Do I get to undress you?” she asked breathlessly.

				“You can do anything you like.”

				Reaching up, she pushed his jacket off his shoulders and tossed it on the bench with her dress. He held himself still as she pulled his shirt out of his pants and over his head, treating him to the same caresses. After discarding his shirt, she rose on her toes to kiss and lick the tattoo over his heart. His sharp intake of breath emboldened her. But when it came time for his pants, her bravado faded.

				Her hands trembled as she tried to undo his belt. He must have sensed her hesitation, because he gently pushed her hands aside and completed the task. His pants joined the growing pile of their clothing.

				Standing before her wearing nothing but a pair of black boxer briefs, he exuded masculinity in waves. She thought his upper body impressive, but seeing him nearly naked was beyond comprehension. He was fully aroused and huge, making her wonder how they would fit together. But she didn’t have time to dwell on that thought as he picked her up and placed her in the center of the bed. She ceased to think at all when his hands and mouth started their magic again.

				“I can’t get enough of kissing you. Your scent...it’s driving me crazy.” He reached behind her, unfastened her bra and tossed it to the side. Cupping her breasts in his hands, he kneaded and massaged them before bending to take one nipple in his mouth. She moaned loudly. He released one breast and kissed the other while his hand traveled down her flat belly to the softness between her thighs.

				She cried out and arched off the bed at the exquisite pleasure. Janae moved her hands purposely over his chest and arms, finally able to touch him like she wanted, the hard muscles under his smooth skin contracting and flexing beneath her touch. Moving lower, she cupped him through his briefs and heard him moan.

				Kissing her back down onto the bed, he shifted his body to remove her panties. He stood to shed his briefs and don a condom. Coming back to the bed, he moved over her and kissed her once more. Spreading her legs with his knees, he pushed into her slowly, stopping several times because she was so tight. Once fully sheathed, he remained still, allowing her to adjust to his size.

				“Are you okay, sweetheart?” he asked, moving in and out slowly.

				“Mmm.” The slight pain from his initial entry was quickly replaced by something far more wonderful. She lifted her hips to meet each thrust, keeping pace with the rhythm he’d set. Soon, the pace increased, his thrusts deepened and her body trembled. “Terrence!” Never had making love to a man felt this good...this right.

				“Yeah, sweetheart. I feel it, too,” he murmured, even as he kept up the rhythm. “Open your eyes.” She looked up. “Come for me, baby.”

				His words, coupled with a deep thrust, pushed her over the edge, and her body splintered into a million pieces. She screamed out his name again.

				Lifting her legs higher, he thrust faster and she cried out again. He called out her name right after she screamed his. Before he could recover, a second orgasm overtook him. His body shuddered above hers, and it seemed as if their climax went on forever. Soon, the only sound in the room was their ragged breathing.

				Shifting his weight slightly, he withdrew, lowered his head and kissed her tenderly.

				Several minutes passed before their breathing returned to normal. Then she felt him growing hard against her thigh. Her gaze flew to his.

				He grinned wickedly.

				* * *

				Rolling onto his back, he donned another condom, then pulled her on top of him. “Let’s go for a little ride.”

				Terrence brought her down, inch by exquisite inch, until he was buried to the hilt and moaned deep in his throat at the pleasure of her tight walls squeezing him. He lifted her and guided her back down slowly, repeating the process several times and going deeper each time.

				Her body shook. “Terrence.”

				“What, baby?”

				“What are you doing to me?”

				He thrust again, watching through heavy-lidded eyes as his shaft disappeared inside of her, arousing him further. “I’m making love to you.” He didn’t stop to contemplate his words, just kept up the deliberate strokes.

				“I...I can’t... Ooh.” She arched back and started to move faster.

				He stilled her hips and shook his head. “Uh-uh, sweetheart. I’m driving. We’re gonna take this nice and slow.” Terrence leaned up, latched on to an erect nipple and sucked hard. He’d dreamed about being inside of her for weeks and wanted to draw as much from this passionate interlude as he could. No other woman came close to making him feel the way she did. He transferred his kisses from her breasts to her mouth. Her tongue swirled and tangled with his, and another groan erupted from his throat.

				Abruptly, she broke the kiss and let out a high-pitched scream as she climaxed all around him, her feminine muscles clenching him tight. Terrence gritted his teeth to keep from coming. Her wet heat had him on the verge of exploding, and he didn’t want to release yet. He had more in store for them. He thrust with long, languid strokes, slowly rebuilding her passion.

				“Oh, Terrence. Baby, I can’t take much more,” Janae panted.

				“I love being inside you. I can stay here all night,” he whispered against her lips.

				“Please.”

				She cried out again, and he increased the tempo. “Can you feel how much I want you, baby?” His body trembled slightly, and he closed his eyes as the sensations intensified. “I can’t get enough of you.” He knew if he made love to her every night for the next hundred years, it would never be enough.

				His hands played over the smooth curve of her back and butt, then over her hips to guide her more purposefully. Her nails dug into his chest and shoulders, and their blended cries echoed throughout the room.

				Janae leaned down and ran her tongue over the seam of his lips. “I can’t hold on.”

				“Let it go, baby girl,” he panted, setting a rhythm with deep, powerful thrusts. “Come with me.”

				She stiffened, then let out a scream that made the hairs stand up on the back of his neck.

				He gripped her hips and growled hoarsely as an explosive orgasm ripped through him. Then, like before, he came again, this time extracting out part of his soul. She collapsed on top of him, and he wrapped his arms around her.

				Kissing the top of her hair, he tightened his hold and drifted off.

				* * *

				Janae awakened lying on top of Terrence. She had never made love in this position before, but enjoyed it immensely. Her two previous encounters didn’t come close to what she’d experienced tonight. Neither of them had taken her pleasure into consideration. Now she knew what all the hype was about. It also complicated matters even more because she’d fallen even harder for him, and had to suppress the urge to blurt out how much she loved him several times. Lifting her head, she met his smiling face.

				“Hey, beautiful,” he crooned, kissing her. “We should probably shower.”

				“Together?”

				“Most definitely.” Sitting up, he swung his legs over the side of the bed and carried her into the bathroom. He wiggled his eyebrows. “We’ll save time and water.”

				* * *

				The next morning, Terrence’s gaze roamed over the woman cuddled next to him, and his heart swelled. He wanted to kiss her awake and slowly make love to her again. He closed his eyes tightly and tried to push the intense feelings down, but knew he could no longer deny that he loved her.

				This wasn’t supposed to happen. I can’t love her.

				Easing from the bed, he pulled on his underwear and sweats, then quietly left the room. Crossing the living room, he opened the balcony door and stepped out, hoping the morning breeze would cool the fire raging in his body. Bracing his hands on the railing, he sucked in a deep breath and lowered his head.

				His heart thundered in his chest, and he wondered again how he’d allowed himself to do the one thing he’d sworn never to do. Granted, Janae was unlike any woman he’d ever met...but she was still a woman. He had to stop this before things went further.

				But the thought of not being with her brought on another set of emotions. He cursed under his breath. This was exactly why he didn’t do emotions. He couldn’t go through the pain of losing again. Stepping back into the room, he glanced down at his watch. Grabbing his phone off the table where he’d left it the night before, he punched in Donovan’s number.

				“What’s up, T?”

				“Hey. Are we still meeting this morning?”

				“Yeah. I’ll stop by and get you in a few. Is Janae coming with you?”

				“No.”

				“Okay. See you in a minute.”

				Fifteen minutes later, Donovan knocked softly on the door.

				Terrence answered quickly, so as not to awaken Janae. “Come on in.” He gestured Donovan out to the balcony.

				Donovan waited until they were outside to speak. “What’s going on? You don’t seem too happy this morning.”

				“What makes you say that?”

				“I know you. Did something happen between you and Janae?”

				Terrence walked over to the rail and shook his head.

				“So, I guess you finally realize that you love her.”

				He glanced over at his friend.

				“Don’t bother to deny it. The question now is, what are you going to do about it?”

				“I’m not going to do anything.” He turned back toward the rail.

				“What does that mean? I know you’re not talking about breaking things off with her. Terrence,” he pleaded, “don’t do this, man. Janae is a great woman, and she’s good for you.”

				“I have to. I can’t see her anymore after today.”

				“It’s time to let go of the past. I know you love her.”

				“I don’t do love or attachments,” he said with finality. “Don’t we have a meeting to get to?”

				Donovan slowly shook his head and followed him back into the room.

				Terrence quietly opened the bedroom door to find Janae still sleeping. He pulled on a T-shirt and laced up his tennis shoes. Walking over to the bed, he carefully pushed her hair away from her face, leaned down and breathed a kiss over her lips.

				His heart lurched, and he fought back the intense emotions bubbling up in his chest. He closed the door softly behind him.

				* * *

				When Janae woke up the next morning, she was alone in bed. Terrence had told her that he had a meeting this morning at eight-thirty, but it wasn’t that time yet. Getting up, she winced at the slight soreness in her body. Slipping into one of the robes supplied by the hotel, she left to find him.

				As she stepped around the corner to enter the living room, she heard voices coming from the balcony. Her heart froze at the angry words coming from Terrence. Stifling a gasp, she crept quietly back to the bedroom, took off the robe, got back into bed and tried to keep the tears from falling.

				The words kept playing in her mind: I can’t see her anymore...I don’t do love or attachments. She berated herself over and over for falling in love with him. She squeezed her eyes closed in an attempt to shut out the pain slicing through her heart. Hearing the door, she willed the tears back and her features placid, then pretended to be asleep. After several minutes, she felt his gentle touch and soft kiss.

				Only after she heard the click of the door closing did silent tears stream down her face.

				When she was sure he had gone, Janae got up and packed. She had no intentions of being here when he returned. She called the front desk to ask if they could have a taxi for her in twenty minutes. The man she spoke to assured her that one would be waiting. After dressing and making sure she had everything, she left him a note and placed it on his pillow. She reached for the doorknob and noticed the bracelet on her wrist. Turning back, she removed it, ran her fingers lightly over the charms and placed it on top of the note. She put on her sunglasses, picked up the card key and hastily exited.

				Janae left the key at the desk and hurried through the lobby with her head lowered, hoping no one from the previous night recognized her. She gasped when someone grabbed her by the arm. She whirled around, and her gaze collided with Terrence’s.

				“Janae? Where are you going?” he asked anxiously.

				She pulled away from him. “I have to go. I left you a note.”

				“A note? Baby, wait.”

				He reached for her again, and she slapped his hand away. “Don’t touch me,” she rasped.

				Terrence threw up his hands. “What is going on?”

				“I heard you this morning, Terrence. That’s what’s going on.” She gritted her teeth and forced back the tears threatening to fall. She would not let this man see her cry.

				He sighed deeply. “Janae, let me explain.”

				“You’ve already explained.”

				“Janae, you don’t understand.” He scrubbed a hand down his face. “Sweetheart—”

				“I understand perfectly. You don’t do love or relationships, right?”

				His jaw tightened. “I—”

				She cut him off again. “No! Just stay away from me.” She had to leave before she broke down completely. “So much for you not being a playa.” She rushed through the front door, ignoring his plea to come back.

				The taxi sat waiting as promised, and as she settled into the backseat, she prayed she’d be able to change her flight to an earlier time. Her original flight was not scheduled to depart until five in the evening, eight hours from now.

				When the taxi pulled up to the airport terminal, she paid the fare and rushed inside. Luckily, there weren’t many people in line, and it only took a few minutes to reach the check-in desk.

				She extended her driver’s license and travel documents to the clerk. “I have a family emergency, and I need to leave sooner than expected. Is there an earlier flight I can take?”

				The clerk took the documents and looked them over. “Let me see what we have available, Ms. Simms.” She clicked on her computer for a few minutes.

				“I’ll pay the fee to change the flight.”

				“Oh, there’s no fee for our preferred customers,” she said with a smile, still typing. Another minute passed. “There is actually a flight leaving at 10:25 a.m. That’s about forty-five minutes from now. Would you like to take that one?”

				“Yes, please. Thank you.”

				She took her reprinted boarding pass and hurried to the gate, but didn’t relax until the plane was safely in the air.

				* * *

				Terrence stalked through the lobby to the elevators and up to his room. He rushed through the suite to the bedroom. His gaze landed on the bracelet lying on the pillow. Walking over, he picked up both the bracelet and the note.





				Terrence, thank you for inviting me to the party. I had a great time. I know you don’t do love or attachments, so I thought things would be easier this way.





				He cursed and dropped down on the bed. This wasn’t the way things were supposed to go. It wasn’t as if he had a plan or a clue as to how he would have gone about breaking things off, but he knew this wasn’t it. He lay back on the bed, and her scent immediately engulfed him—the same scent that drove him crazy every time he came near her. It was on the bed, the sheets...and embedded so deeply inside him, it would linger forever.

				Closing his eyes, he recalled everything about her. Her smile. The way her whole face lit up when she laughed. The way she looked at him—as if he were the most important person in her world. Her sexy dance moves. Her kiss. The way her body felt pressed against his as he thrust into her. The sound of her voice screaming out his name when she climaxed. He vividly remembered the feel of her hot little hands moving all over his body while she arched up to meet his thrusts, exciting him to the point of having back-to-back orgasms, something he’d never done with another woman.

				The phone shattered his reverie. Slowly pulling into a sitting position, he reached over to pick up the receiver.

				“Hello? Mr. Campbell?”

				“Yes.”

				“This is the front desk. I wanted to confirm your appointment in our spa at eleven, as well as your reservation in the restaurant for one-thirty.”

				He had completely forgotten about the plans he’d made for him and Janae. They were to have a couple’s massage, followed by a private lunch.

				“Sir?” the clerk repeated.

				“I’m sorry. There’s been a change in plans, and I’ll need to cancel both.”

				“I’m sorry, too, sir. Hopefully, your cancellation isn’t due to any dissatisfaction with our services.”

				“No, nothing like that. The hotel’s services have been excellent.”

				“I’m glad to hear it. Would you like to reschedule?”

				“Not at this time.”

				“Well, please let us know if we can be of further service to you.”

				“Thank you. I will.”

				He dropped the receiver back into the cradle, then glanced down at his other hand, where he still held the bracelet. His thumb moved over each of the small charms. Shifting his gaze, he saw the note where he’d dropped it, the words mocking him. Didn’t you say you wanted to break things off? Well, you’ve gotten your wish. It’s better this way, his inner voice said.

				“Probably,” he muttered to himself. But if things were better, why did he feel as if a knife had been plunged into his heart?

				With nothing else left to do, he began packing. He had no need to stay at the hotel—he could be miserable in his own house. He stepped into the bathroom, and Janae’s scent surrounded him once again. She must have showered before leaving, because the scent was so potent, he could almost reach out and touch it. Bracing his hands on the sink, he inhaled deeply. Was she still sitting at the airport, or had she taken another flight? He knew he should call, but he had no idea what to say.

				“Dammit!” He slammed his hand on the marble.

				Spinning away from the sink, he cursed again. With a low growl, he snatched up his toiletries and tossed them in the bag. Packing up the rest of his things didn’t take long. Terrence took one last look around the suite to make sure he hadn’t forgotten anything. At the last moment, he decided to let Donovan know he was leaving.

				Donovan answered on the fourth ring, obviously still mad. Donovan had barely spoken two words to Terrence outside of business and had glowered at him during the entire meeting after Terrence told him he was breaking up with Janae.

				“I wanted to let you know I’m leaving.”

				“Are you and Janae going out for a while?”

				“No. I’m going home.”

				“You’re taking her home with you?”

				“No. She’s not here,” he said resignedly. “She overheard our conversation this morning.”

				“Did you call her? Where did she go?”

				“I’m guessing she went back home. I don’t know what I’d say if I called her.”

				“Let’s see. I can think of a couple of things. How about ‘I’m an idiot and I messed up’? Or...wait...here’s a good one—‘I love you.’ Damn, T! You can’t just let her go like that. If you explained things to her, she would understand. And I, for one, don’t think you’d ever have to worry about her walking out. She’s not that kind of person.”

				“I know.” Terrence heard everything Donovan was saying, but the memory of the pain he suffered that day had a vise around him so tight, he couldn’t break free. He would be the first to admit that Janae was special. But for right now, he couldn’t force himself to do anything.

				“Then what are you going to do?”

				“Nothing. Talk to you later.”

				He surveyed the room once more, slid on his glasses and baseball cap, picked up his bags and headed for the lobby. He’d used the self-checkout in the room, so he had no reason to stop until reaching his car. He slid behind the wheel and leaned his head back.

				Now what?

				I guess I’ll go back to doing what I’ve always done...work.

				If only he could stop thinking about Janae.





		 			 				Chapter 16

				Janae let herself in the house and rushed straight to her bedroom. Her chest heaved, and the tears she’d held throughout the flight and taxi now came in waves. She crawled on the bed, curled up into a fetal position and sobbed until she was spent. Hours passed as she lay there, but she didn’t care. She ignored the incessant ringing of her cell, then finally got up and trudged to the bathroom, cringing at her reflection—red, puffy eyes and wild hair. Her throat felt raw from hours of crying. After splashing some water on her face, she headed to the one place that always soothed her.

				She painted until her shoulders ached and fingers cramped, but didn’t stop. Instead, she flexed them and kept going. Her hand halted in midstroke when Terrence’s voice came over her answering machine.

				“Janae. It’s Terrence. I wanted to make sure you made it home safely. Please call me.”

				The machine clicked off, and she resumed her painting. Glancing through the partially drawn curtains later, she noticed lengthening shadows. Janae stood and stretched, trying to loosen the kinks in her body. She cleaned up and shuffled to the kitchen. She hadn’t eaten all day and didn’t particularly have an appetite, but knew she needed to put something in her stomach. It took her more than twenty minutes of searching before settling for soup, which she consumed without tasting.

				She moved around her house trancelike for the next two days, not answering the phone and barely eating. Karen had called close to two dozen times, and she’d finally sent a text telling her the party was nice. Terrence had called again, but she ignored his call. What would she say to him other than what she’d told him during their confrontation and written in the note?

				No, it was best that she get on with the rest of her life. Janae decided that this would be a good time to visit her parents. Maybe the more distance between her and Terrence, the easier it would be to forget him. Who was she kidding? He’d gotten to her on a level that neither of the two men she’d previously been involved with had ever touched, and he’d done so effortlessly.

				Rolling off the bed, Janae booted up her laptop to search airlines. Finding a reasonable flight leaving at the end of the week, she called her parents and made the reservation. Cleaning her house was the next priority, along with doing laundry. She was exhausted by the time she finished everything, and after showering, fell asleep as soon as her head touched the pillow.

				“Yes,” she moaned. “Terrence...” Janae’s eyes snapped open, and she jerked herself upright, breathing harshly, body pulsing and clothes soaking. “It was only a dream,” she murmured, covering her face. It seemed so real that she could still feel remnants of the passionate encounter.

				Dragging herself off the bed, she went in the bathroom, washed up and changed her clothes. Lying in bed again, her mind traveled back to the night she spent with Terrence. To say it was something out of a fantasy would be an understatement.

				She only wished her heart hadn’t gotten involved because his certainly hadn’t.

				* * *

				Terrence paced his bedroom. It had been over two weeks, and he still hadn’t talked to Janae. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t eradicate her from his brain...or his heart. He should already be in the office, but had no desire to deal with anything business related—strange for a man whose whole life had been nothing but business for the past ten years.

				Glancing down at his watch, he groaned, remembering a meeting with a prospective client. He had less than an hour to get to the office. Grabbing his suit jacket off the hanger, he loped down the stairs, stopping long enough for a glass of juice.

				Luckily, Sheila Martin was nothing like some of the artists who had paraded through his company seeking representation. She was a consummate professional, clearly serious about her craft and had a powerhouse voice that would make Aretha proud. He’d have to thank Gary, since he was the one who’d seen her performing at one of the music festivals in the park.

				Once they were done, he headed back to his office, but Audrey intercepted him on the way.

				“You have a few minutes, Terrence?”

				“Sure. What do you need?”

				“I wanted to talk to you about Mrs. Lewis’s vacation and see whether you want a temporary clerk to cover the office or have all calls routed through the receptionist.”

				He ran his hand over his forehead wearily. “I totally forgot about that. We can talk in my office.”

				“Hi, Mrs. Lewis,” Audrey said as she entered the office.

				“Hello, Audrey. How did things go with Ms. Martin, Monte?”

				“They went well. I know you’re only scheduled to be off one week with your daughter, but why don’t you take two? I’m sure she’ll need the help, and you can spoil those grandbabies awhile longer.”

				She reached up to palm his cheek as a smile creased her face. “You are such a sweet boy, but I don’t want to leave you too long without someone manning this office.”

				Terrence put his arms around her. “I’ll be fine. Audrey and I are going to talk about having someone come in temporarily.”

				“Are you sure?”

				“Positive. We’ll make sure that whoever is here doesn’t mess up the system you’ve established. Can you put together a list of instructions?”

				“No problem. I’ll bring it in as soon as I’m done.”

				“Thanks.” He led Audrey into his office, closed the door and dropped down into his chair.

				“So what’s going on with you and your lady friend?” Audrey asked as soon as she sat.

				“I thought you wanted to discuss a temporary secretary.”

				“In a minute. So what happened? You’ve been moping around here for close to three weeks, and don’t try giving me that lame excuse about being tired again. I thought things were going well.” She leaned forward. “Did she do something to hurt you?”

				“No, no, nothing like that. She’s probably the sweetest person I’ve ever met. Next to you, of course,” he amended.

				“Uh-huh. Don’t try to sweet-talk me. Help me out here. If she didn’t do anything, why did you guys break up?”

				Terrence rotated his chair and stared out the window.

				“Oh, no. You didn’t. Terrence, I know you love her.”

				He turned back and lifted an eyebrow. “How do you know that? You’ve never seen us together.”

				“I didn’t have to. Your whole demeanor changes whenever she’s mentioned.” She came and stood next to him. Placing her hand on his shoulder, she gave it a gentle squeeze. “I don’t know what happened to make you fear commitment, and I’m not asking. What I do know is that not everyone is fortunate enough to find that special one. When you do, it’s not a good idea to toss it away, because you may never find that type of love again. Ask yourself two questions—can you live without her? And how would you feel knowing that another man is sharing with her all the things that come with being in a relationship? Things you could be sharing with her.”

				Terrence’s heart pounded in his chest. He’d never even considered the questions, but didn’t have to look too deep to know the answers. Instead of Janae’s memory fading, it grew stronger, becoming more profoundly entrenched in his system. As for the second question, he could feel the anger boiling in his gut with the thought of another man touching her the way he had. Kissing her. Making love to her and sharing her passion. Pain ripped through his chest, and he sucked in a deep breath.

				Mrs. Lewis knocked, and he signaled for her to enter. She handed both him and Audrey copies of her list. He looked it over and thanked her.

				“I’m going to step out for a moment. I’ve transferred the phones to the receptionist.”

				“All right.”

				When she departed, he and Audrey discussed what parameters the temporary clerk would have and decided to use a clerk from another department to answer phones. Audrey would handle anything significant.

				“I’ll do some shifting, and I’ll have the clerk come over before Mrs. Lewis leaves at the end of the week.” Audrey stood and went to the door. She turned back. “I hope you make the right choice. I’d like to see you happy.”

				Audrey’s words played in his mind all afternoon. Could he live the rest of his life without ever seeing Janae’s beautiful face, hearing her laughter or feeling her kiss? His gaze strayed to the painting on the wall. She’d given him the gift without expecting anything in return. It was another facet of the remarkable woman who’d stolen his heart, and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t stop loving her.

				Now what?

				Picking up the phone, he dialed her home number again, but got her answering machine. He left a message apologizing and hung up. He sent a text to her cell with the same message and ordered flowers.

				The next few days passed in a blur, and by the end of the week, he still hadn’t heard from Janae. He started to worry and thought about calling her brother to make sure she was all right, but decided it probably wouldn’t be a smart idea. Terrence rose to his feet sharply and paced the office.

				Although he put on a good front while doing business, inside his heart ached. He had a difficult time hiding his feelings from those who knew him best. Even his grandparents sensed something wasn’t right. He stared at the painting again. He found himself thinking about her at the oddest times—during meetings, dinner with his grandparents or while holding a conversation. His nights were filled with dreams of their lovemaking, and he swore he could still smell her scent.

				A soft knock intruded on his thoughts. “Come in.”

				“Monte,” Mrs. Lewis began hesitantly, “there’s a woman out here to see you. She says her name is Dana Spencer, but she doesn’t have an appointment.”

				Terrence searched his mind for a memory. “Did she say what she wanted?”

				“No. Only that she knew you.” She lowered her voice further. “She looks a little old for the groupie scene—closer to my age—but one can never tell. I told her you were busy, but she insists on seeing you. Do you want me to call security?”

				Terrence was at a complete loss. He didn’t know anyone by that name, and certainly not an older woman. “No. I’ll see her for a few minutes.”

				“Are you sure?”

				He smiled. “Yes. Give her ten minutes.”

				“All right.”

				Terrence successfully concealed his shock at seeing the woman standing before him until the door closed. “What do you want?” he asked coldly.

				She smiled faintly. “Hello, Terrence. Is that any way to talk to your mother?”

				“I don’t have a mother,” he spat.

				She roamed around the office, taking in the gold and platinum records on the walls, running her hand across the leather furniture. “It seems you’ve done well for yourself.”

				“I know you didn’t come here to stare at the walls, so why are you here?”

				“How’ve you been?”

				He folded his arms and lifted an eyebrow, but didn’t respond.

				She seemed nervous, but Terrence didn’t care. All he knew was that the woman standing before him—the one who was supposed to nurture and love him—had turned her back and walked out when he needed her the most.

				“Is your father still wasting his talents?” she tossed out, bitterness lacing her words.

				Terrence’s heart squeezed, and a rush of emotions flooded his body. “Don’t ever talk about my father!” he exploded. He crossed the room in three angry strides, and she had the good sense to step back. “My father died thirteen years ago,” he said through clenched teeth.

				She inhaled sharply, and her face flushed. “I...I didn’t know,” she whispered.

				“How would you know?” He glimpsed the huge diamond on her ring finger. “I see you didn’t have any problems remarrying.” His body trembled with rage.

				“I’ve been married almost twenty years to John Spencer.”

				Now things became clearer. He remembered John Spencer as a popular musician when he was a teen. Recently, at least three members of his band had filed lawsuits against him, and he’d paid out three million dollars in a fraud case a few years ago.

				“You have exactly two minutes to state your business.”

				“I just want you in my life again.”

				He gave a harsh bark of laughter. “Nice try. I may be busy, but not so much that I haven’t heard about all the trouble your husband is in. What’s the problem? Is all the money gone, and you can’t live like you used to?”

				She gestured around the room. “You have all this, and you can’t even help your mother?” she asked accusingly. “It’s not like you have a wife and kids. You’ve sold millions of records. You own a record company. You wouldn’t even miss a couple hundred thousand dollars.”

				He shook his head sadly. The only reason she had come was for money. He studied her in the bright, too tight dress, overly made-up face and cloying perfume—groupie indeed.

				Then another thought occurred to him, one that almost dropped him to his knees. He’d turned his back on someone who was loving and giving and asked nothing in return—all because of this selfish, greedy woman.

				Terrence stalked to the door, snatched it open and turned toward her. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Spencer. I can’t help you. Please do not contact me again. If you’ll excuse me, I have a meeting.”

				She slowly approached, lifted her hand toward his face and opened her mouth to speak, but he cut her off.

				Taking a step back, he glared down at her. “You didn’t want the life you had, so I hope you’re happy with the one you chose. Mrs. Lewis, Mrs. Spencer is leaving. Can you please see her out?”

				“Certainly,” she said with a smile. “Mrs. Spencer, right this way.”

				He paced his office like a caged animal trying to get a grip on his anger—anger at his mother and at himself. Mostly at himself for allowing her to control his life this way.

				His mind traveled back to the day she walked out and the crushing pain of rejection he’d felt. He abruptly stopped pacing, recalling Janae’s words. I can’t understand how a mother could turn her back on her child like that or walk out on a sick husband.

				He slowly dropped down on the leather sofa and buried his head in his hands. “Oh, my God. What did I do?” he asked himself in an agonized whisper. In trying to protect himself, he’d hurt Janae and probably lost the only woman he would ever love. He lifted his head when the door opened.

				“Son, are you all right?” Mrs. Lewis sat on the sofa next to him.

				He couldn’t even pretend to be okay, and his man card was in serious jeopardy because he was a heartbeat away from breaking down.

				She covered his hands with hers. “So that was your mother.” His surprised gaze met her amused one. She chuckled softly. “You two were a little loud, and these walls aren’t that thick.”

				He nodded.

				“You’ve been sulking for the past three weeks, and I know it’s because of a woman. If you love her, go after her. You deserve to be happy.” She patted his hand and moved to stand.

				Terrence stood and helped her up.

				“Monte, don’t let your mother’s choices be yours.”

				“Thanks, Mrs. Lewis. I don’t know what I’d do without you.” He wrapped his arms around her. In the three years since starting his label, she had been a godsend.

				She leaned back. “Good thing I’m not retiring soon, then, huh?”

				He smiled for the first time. “Definitely.”

				“Well, you can thank me by having this mess cleared up by the time I get back. I want to meet this extraordinary woman.”

				“I’ll do my best. I think I’m going to leave early today.”

				“You have one meeting at noon. After that you’re free. Donovan can handle anything that comes up.”

				“Good.” He walked back to his desk, picked up an envelope and handed it to her. “This is for Michelle and Trevor. Tell them I said congratulations.”

				Mrs. Lewis accepted the envelope. “You’re such a thoughtful young man. I’m sure they’ll be pleased. I hope you didn’t go overboard like you did for Christopher’s birthday last year,” she added, peering over her glasses.

				“What? It wasn’t much.”

				She placed her hands on ample hips. “A five-hundred-dollar gift card for a four-year-old isn’t much?”

				He grinned sheepishly and shrugged. “I missed a couple.”

				She laughed, then went back to her desk.

				Terrence sat in his chair and wondered how to get Janae back.

				What if she doesn’t want me back?

				He struck the thought immediately from his mind. Failure was not an option—he had to get her back.





		 			 				Chapter 17

				Janae sat out on her parents’ covered patio looking at the mountains. As night descended, the temperatures had finally cooled enough to sit outside. She needed a place to think. Somehow, all of her brothers had converged on their parents’ Santa Fe, New Mexico, home over the past two weeks, and everyone had watched her with guarded expressions. Admittedly, she’d been rather quiet—totally out of character for her when around her family. No matter what she did or whom she was with, Terrence’s handsome face always appeared.

				She must be a glutton for punishment, allowing herself to fall in love with someone like him—handsome, generous, kind, funny, a great conversationalist. Not to mention all the ways he made her body sing. Who was she fooling? He was exactly the type of man a woman would fall in love with.

				He’d called several times and left messages, sent texts and even flowers, apologizing. She knew, at some point, she would stop ignoring him and listen to what he had to say. But she wasn’t ready. Reaching in her pocket, she pulled out her cell. She’d spent the day at a spa with her mother and sister-in-law and had never turned it back on.

				After it powered up, the distinct chime indicated missed messages. She viewed the text message first. SRY. PLZ Call. Then she listened to the voice mail.

				“Janae. It’s Terrence. I need to talk to you. Please forgive me for hurting you.” Her vision blurred as tears filled her eyes. He sounded as miserable as she was.

				She pulled up the photo from the concert and stared at it for several minutes. Why can’t I stop loving you?

				She jumped when a hand touched her shoulder, and hastily wiped her eyes. “Hey, Mom, Pam. I didn’t hear you guys.”

				Her mother studied her. “No, I suppose not. Is that the young man you were seeing?”

				“Yes,” she answered, and placed the phone in her mother’s outstretched hand. Her mother probably wouldn’t recognize him, but her sister-in-law, Pam, definitely would.

				“He’s very handsome, Janae.”

				“Let me see,” Pam said eagerly. “I don’t believe it,” she squealed. “This is who you’ve been dating? No wonder you wouldn’t tell your brothers. I wouldn’t have, either.”

				“Do you know him, Pam?” Janae’s mother asked.

				“Not personally, but I have every one of his CDs. Monte is one of the most popular R & B singers around. He has his own label now and produces, as well.” She looked back at the picture. “Hmph. The brother is beyond fine!”

				Janae glared up at her sister-in-law, snatched the phone and met her mother’s amused gaze.

				“Now I understand some of the complications,” her mother said. She and Pam sat in loungers on either side of Janae. “Tell me what happened, sweetheart.”

				Janae recounted how she’d met Terrence, his visits and the party—leaving out the intimate parts, of course—and what she’d overheard him say about not doing relationships or commitments.

				“Hmm,” her mother said. “And you haven’t talked to him at all?”

				“No.”

				“You left without letting him explain, Jan?” Pam chimed in.

				“Pretty much.”

				Pam shook her head. “Girl, you should have at least given the man a chance to tell you his side.”

				“Do you think he’s involved with another woman?” her mother asked.

				Janae angled her head thoughtfully. “Honestly, no.”

				“Are you sure? Some of these music stars are famous for that kind of behavior.”

				“Not Monte,” Pam said. “He’s been on the scene for close to ten years, and there hasn’t been one thing linking him to drama. If anything, he stays away from it.”

				“Pam, why do you keep calling him Monte? Janae said his name is Terrence.”

				“His first name is Terrence,” Janae said. “And the reason I don’t think there’s a woman involved is because he has a curved music staff tattoo over his heart, and when I asked him about it, he told me music was his only passion, his only love.”

				“Has he tried to contact you?”

				Janae dropped her head and nodded. “Yes. He’s called, texted, sent flowers.”

				Her dad opened the sliding glass door and called for her mother. Standing, she told Janae, “You should talk to Terrence. If nothing else, it’ll give you some closure so you can move on.”

				Once her mom was gone, Pam folded her arms and asked slyly, “So how did you come to see that tattoo over his heart?”

				She felt her cheeks warm.

				“Oh, I see. So...was it good?”

				Janae couldn’t hold back her smile. “Better than good.”

				Pam screamed, then quickly covered her mouth. “Girl, you need to get this straightened out because I need some concert tickets.”

				Janae burst out laughing. She could always count on Pam to lift her spirits, and she spent her last night in New Mexico laughing and enjoying her family.

				Devin rearranged his flight to come home with Janae. She expected him to say something about her mood as soon as they were alone, but he didn’t and she was glad. Since he had only visited their parents for a few days, he’d parked his car in the airport lot, and that meant not worrying about a cab or airport shuttle. As he drove, she gazed out at the passing scenery and thought about the differences between Santa Fe and San Jose. Although there were houses and buildings for miles, she was glad to finally be home.

				When they pulled up in her driveway, she crawled out of the car and stretched. The early afternoon summer heat had not abated. She opened the door, and a blast of heat immediately hit her. Janae quickly went to the thermostat to adjust the temperature, then opened the windows for a few minutes to let out the stale air. Devin brought in her bags and set them near the hallway.

				“What’re you doing for dinner?” he asked, taking a seat on the sofa.

				“I don’t know. There’s nothing in the refrigerator, so I’ll have to go shopping. Unless you want to cook for me at your place.”

				“Hey, my refrigerator is just as empty.”

				“How is that? You’ve only been gone three days.”

				“True, but I’ve been working a lot of hours and didn’t have time to shop.” Devin worked as an architect.

				“I don’t feel like sitting in a restaurant tonight. Can we get something and bring it back?”

				“Yep. Sounds like a plan. How about Chinese food?”

				“That works. I’m going to take a shower.”

				“I’ll probably do the same, then relax for a while. I know you’re going to be in that studio, so I’ll come get you when it’s time to eat.”

				“You know me so well,” she called over her shoulder.

				Janae entered her studio after showering, inhaled deeply and let it out slowly. She hadn’t painted in two weeks and missed the feeling of peace and relaxation that came over her whenever her brush touched the canvas. The time in Santa Fe had given her more inspiration than she knew what to do with. Some she’d photographed with a camera, while others had been captured in her mind. The first one on her list would be the desert sunrise. Dreams about Terrence had kept her awake at night, so one morning, instead of going back to sleep, she’d gotten up, sat out on the patio and watched the sun greet the day. The explosion of oranges, pinks and purples crossing the sky had left her breathless, and she was eager to get started. She painted for over an hour before Devin poked his head in the door.

				“I’m going to get dinner. I already called it in, so I should be back in about twenty minutes. Get cleaned up and be ready to eat.”

				“All right, all right. I will.” She had held up dinner many a night as a teen, and often, someone would have to drag her out of the studio.

				After painting for a few more minutes, she cleaned up, put away her supplies and went to wash her hands. By the time she came out of the bathroom, she heard the front door opening. She met Devin in the kitchen.

				“See, you don’t have to drag me out,” she said, sticking her tongue out at him.

				He tugged on a curl. “Sit down and hush.” He got plates, glasses and serving utensils. Taking the chair next to her, he blessed their food.

				She filled her plate and moaned with the first bite of sweet and sour pork. “Mmm. I haven’t had this in so long.” They ate in silence for a while.

				“So what happened with Terrence?”

				Janae paused in midbite. She finished chewing, set down her chopsticks and wiped her mouth. “What do you mean what happened?”

				“What did he do to you? And don’t insult my intelligence by saying nothing happened.”

				“He didn’t do anything to me. Things just didn’t work out.”

				He dug his cell out of his pocket, pushed a few buttons and handed it to her. “Do you recognize anyone in that picture?”

				Her eyes widened upon seeing the picture of her and Terrence dancing at the CD release party. Although her face was partially blocked, anyone who knew her well would recognize her. “Where did you get this?”

				“Tina sent it to me. Apparently a friend of hers went to the party and was surprised to see this guy with a date, so she sent this as proof.”

				Tina would definitely know her since Tina’s brother and Devin had gone to school together. She handed the phone back.

				“I knew this guy was lying about his name. It’s Monte, not Terrence.”

				She released a deep sigh. “Devin, his first name is Terrence. Monte is his middle name. Can we talk about something else, please?”

				“No. I want to know what he did to you. Something happened that weekend. I bet he was messing around with other women at this party like all these popular music stars do. When I get done with him—”

				“No! No, he wasn’t.” She blew out a harsh breath and rubbed her temples. “I simply fell in love with a guy who has no room in his life for anything but music. He never led me on, or anything. It just happened. I fell, he didn’t.” Janae felt the tears gathering in her eyes and tried to blink them back. “Please, please, let it go, Devin.” She swiped at a tear that escaped.

				Devin cursed. “I’m sorry.” He pulled her up and onto his lap. “Don’t cry, Jan. I’m sorry, baby girl.” He tightened his arms around her and held her while she cried, like when she was younger. “Everything’ll be okay.”

				She hoped so, because as it stood right now, she couldn’t imagine things ever being okay again.

				* * *

				Terrence sat at his kitchen table toying with the food on his plate. His grandmother had come over and cooked breakfast to “cheer him up.”

				“Baby, you need to eat. And you look like you haven’t slept well in a while.”

				“I’ll be okay, Grandma. I need to figure out how to fix something.” He hadn’t spoken to Janae in almost a month. Since making a mess of his life, he hadn’t been able to concentrate on anything. He forced himself to get through the days at the office, but hadn’t made any progress where his own music was concerned. At this rate, his project wouldn’t be completed on time. The funny thing was he didn’t care.

				“Well, don’t take too long. Are you expecting someone this morning?” she asked when the doorbell rang.

				“No.”

				“You stay here and eat,” she said, pointing at his plate. “I’ll get the door.”

				She came back with Donovan trailing. “I made breakfast, Donovan. Get yourself a plate.”

				“Yes, ma’am. Hey, T,” Donovan said, going to the bathroom off the kitchen to wash his hands. He came back and fixed a plate, then took a seat across from Terrence. Donovan quickly blessed his food and dug in.

				“Oh,” he groaned. “These are the best waffles in the world, Grandma.”

				“Grandma?” Terrence asked with a raised eyebrow. “Since when did you start calling her Grandma?”

				“Since she said I could,” he answered, smiling around a full mouth.

				“What are you doing here?”

				“You left early yesterday, and I wanted to see what was up.”

				“Nothing’s up,” Terrence grumbled. Donovan and his grandmother eyed him speculatively.

				“Well, since Donovan is here to keep you company, I’m going back to the cottage. Your grandfather and I will be in the pool, and then we have a couple of errands to run.” Both men stood. “It was good to see you again, Donovan. Don’t be a stranger.”

				He hugged her. “I won’t, especially if I can get breakfast every Saturday morning.”

				Terrence rolled his eyes. “See you later, Grandma.” He hugged and kissed her, watching until she was out of sight. He slowly lowered himself back in the chair.

				Donovan dropped back into his chair and continued to eat the waffles, eggs and bacon piled on his plate. “Man, I wish my mom lived close. I’d be over there every week.”

				“You could always learn to cook, you know.”

				He snorted. “So what’s going on?”

				“Nothing.”

				“Tell that to somebody else. It’s Janae, isn’t it?” He leaned back in his chair. “Man, you and misery have been shacking up for quite a while now. Don’t you think it’s time for a new roommate?”

				“I had a visitor yesterday.”

				“Is that why you left? Mrs. Lewis was fussing about some woman upsetting you when I stopped by the office. Oh, by the way, I met Trina Jackson. Is that the best Audrey could find to fill in? I think she’s going to be a handful.”

				“All I need is for her to answer the phones and put everything else where Mrs. Lewis told her.”

				“So who was the woman?”

				“My mother.”

				Donovan paused in midchew. Terrence recounted their conversation.

				Donovan shook his head. “Unbelievable. Janae is nothing like her, T.”

				“I know. I messed up, Don,” he said emotionally. All night he’d tossed and turned, thinking about not being able to have Janae in his life. How he’d let the selfish actions of his mother dictate his approach to relationships. And how he’d hurt the one woman who’d asked nothing of him but himself.

				“Have you talked to her yet?”

				“She won’t return my phone calls. I don’t know what else to do.”

				Donovan shook his head in exasperation. “Boy, do I need to get you some cue cards or something? You can’t settle something like this over the phone. You gotta do it face-to-face. We’re going to Seattle on Wednesday. We can do a quick stop in San Jose.”

				Terrence had thought about going to her house, but nixed the idea out of fear of rejection. But if he wanted her back, he’d have to take a chance. Their trip would only be overnight, he mused. A plan started to formulate in his mind. He hoped it worked because, if it didn’t, he and misery would be permanent roommates for sure.

				* * *

				With a solid plan, he focused long enough to catch up on his work. He also found out that what Donovan had said about Trina Jackson was true. Several times over the past two days, he’d glance up from his paperwork or a telephone call to find her standing in his office doorway. When he asked if she needed anything, she merely smiled and told him she wanted to make sure he had everything and to let her know if there was something she could get for him. She made a point of walking past him with an exaggerated sway of her hips and had even asked for his autograph. Terrence needed someone to keep the office running smoothly, not a fangirl. If this kept up, he would talk to Audrey about getting someone else for the following week. He’d be out of the office starting tomorrow until Friday, so he’d wait until then to mention it.

				Leaning back in his chair, he thought more about his plan to get Janae back. Lord, how he missed hearing her voice. He’d laughed more with her in the few weeks they had known each other than he had his entire adult life. When he kissed her, it felt as if her mouth was made exclusively for his. He was still in awe of their lovemaking—the way her body arched into his, the sound of her voice screaming out his name. She held nothing back...and neither did he.

				“Excuse me, Monte. You have a phone call. It’s Mrs. Lewis.”

				He spun in his chair. “Thank you, Ms. Jackson. You don’t have to get up. Use the intercom.” Terrence shook his head and waited until she moved from the door, then picked up the line. “Hey, Mrs. Lewis. Is everything okay?”

				“Hello, dear. Everything is fine. I wanted to let you know that Michelle and Trevor had another little boy last night,” she sang. “They wanted to thank you for the gift card. I knew you went overboard.”

				“That’s wonderful. Are mom and baby doing well?”

				“They’re doing fine. Christopher is excited about being a big brother.”

				He chuckled. “I’m sure he is. What did they name the baby?”

				“Actually, that’s the other reason I’m calling. Michelle wants to name him after you.”

				“What? Why? I...I don’t know what to say.”

				She laughed. “How about we start with the name Terrence.”

				“I’m truly honored.”

				“You’re a good man, and I’d be proud to have my grandson carry part of your name.”

				He fell silent for several seconds as emotions gripped him.

				“So, how are you coming on that other matter we discussed?”

				She was as bad as his grandmother. “If things go as planned, it should be settled by the time you get back.”

				“That’s what I like to hear. I’ll let you go now. I know you need to get ready for your Seattle trip. Be safe.”

				“I will. See you in a couple of weeks, and thank Michelle and Trevor for me.” He slowly dropped the receiver in the cradle and briefly wondered if he would ever have children of his own. If he did, he knew he would be the same kind of father as his own. Though his father lived only a short time, he’d given Terrence a lifetime of memories.

				* * *

				Janae sat at Karen’s kitchen table with her head in her hands. “What am I going to do?” she moaned.

				“You need to talk to Terrence. At least let him explain.”

				“I will talk to him, but not yet. I’m just not ready.”

				Karen reached over and squeezed her hand. “Whatever happens, you know I’ll be here for you.”

				“I know, and I’m grateful.” She stood. “I’d better head home. I want to do some painting. That always relaxes me and helps me think.” She followed Karen to the door. “I’ll call you.”

				“You do that.”

				Janae headed directly for her studio the moment she arrived home. She was halfway done with the sunrise and was anxious to complete it. Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes and let her mind journey back to that morning. With the picture in her mind, she picked up the brush, and the moment it touched the canvas calmness washed over her and the tension dropped off in waves.

				She was so intent that she started when the doorbell rang. She placed her brush aside, wiped her hands and went to the door.

				“Terrence. What are you doing here?”

				* * *

				Terrence’s heart pounded in his chest, and he let his gaze roam all over her. He needed this woman like he needed to breathe. “Hi. Can I come in for a minute?”

				She seemed to hesitate briefly, then unlocked the screen. She led him to the living room. “Have a seat.”

				“I can’t stay long. A cab is waiting to take me back to the airport. We’re on our way to Seattle.” He scooted next to her on the couch and took her hand. “Janae, I am so sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you. Can you forgive me?”

				“It wasn’t all your fault. I should have stayed and talked to you.”

				“Will you come to L.A. on Friday? You asked me why I’ve never committed to a woman, and I’d like to try to explain. I made flight reservations for Friday at ten-thirty. You don’t have to decide right now, but I need to see you.” At her look of uncertainty, he added, “I promise it won’t be like last time.”

				“I’ll think about it.”

				“That’s all I’m asking. Just call me or send a message to let me know. I’ll fly here and wait for you at the airport upstairs once you pass security.”

				“Okay.”

				He stood. “I have to go. Everyone’s waiting for me.” Taking her hand, he walked to the door. He told himself he wasn’t going to kiss her, that they needed to talk first. But there was no way he could follow through with that edict. Bending low, he briefly touched his mouth to hers. “I hope you decide to come. I’ll see you later.”

				He jogged down the walkway and got into the cab. Their eyes held as the driver pulled off. Terrence leaned back against the seat, closed his eyes and smiled. She hadn’t said no, so maybe things were looking up.





		 			 				Chapter 18

				Janae went through security and searched for Terrence. Those darn butterflies were back and doing a salsa in her belly. She didn’t see him, but spotted a tall, blond-haired woman who could easily pass for a model holding a sign with Janae’s name. She cautiously approached.

				“You must be Janae,” the woman said with a warm smile. “I’m so happy to finally meet you. My name is Audrey.”

				She was caught off guard when the woman leaned down and embraced her. “Hello.”

				“Terrence had an emergency meeting this morning, so I volunteered to meet you. Believe me, he was not happy.” She laughed. “If you’ll follow me, we can board.”

				“How did you recognize me?”

				“Oh, I saw the picture of you and Terrence from the concert.”

				Who else had seen the picture? And who was this woman? They went through a door, then boarded a plane much smaller than what she was used to. A flight attendant and pilot welcomed her. She took in the plush chairs and love seats that would comfortably seat about twenty people and an area in the back with a table and two chairs.

				“Sit anywhere you like,” Audrey said. She spoke to the attendant before taking the seat across the aisle from Janae.

				Janae nervously wrung her hands as they lifted off. She glanced out the window and prayed she had made the right decision in going to Los Angeles. She’d debated whether to tell anyone about the trip, but ended up telling Karen and Devin. Devin threatened to be on the next flight if he didn’t hear from her by six.

				She and Audrey didn’t talk much during the flight, and soon, the pilot announced it was time to land. Taking a deep breath, she tried to shut her brain off. All these thoughts and speculating what would happen with Terrence were driving her crazy. She felt Audrey’s hand on her arm.

				“Are you okay, Janae?”

				“I’m fine,” she lied, hoping Audrey couldn’t tell. She could.

				“Don’t worry. Everything will work out.”

				They deplaned, exited the airport and got into a waiting car. She stared out at the passing scenery, noticing that things looked a lot like home with all the buildings and traffic. Although she had to confess that the traffic was a bit heavier here. The freeway was crowded, even though commuter hours had passed. The driver dropped them off, and Audrey escorted her to the elevator and up to the sixth floor.

				“RC Productions is located on floors six through eight,” Audrey said. “The administrative offices are on six, Artist Development, Publicity, Promotions, Art on seven, and three recording studios on eight.”

				They exited the elevators and started down a hall. Audrey stopped at a door marked Human Resources. “Here’s my stop. It was very nice meeting you, Janae. I’ll see you soon. Keep straight down this hall and make a right at the end. You’ll come to double doors—that’s Terrence’s office.”

				“Okay. Thank you. It was nice to meet you, too, Audrey.” Janae continued down the hall and fell in step behind two women. She couldn’t help but hear their conversation.

				“Girl, being in Monte’s office this week is finally paying off,” the first woman said excitedly.

				“What happened?” the other woman asked.

				“He told me we were going to have a two-hour lunch and asked me to transfer the phones to the receptionist’s desk.”

				“So. That doesn’t mean anything.”

				They stopped next to an office door. “Then he had me order lunch for two with flowers and everything. I’m on my way to the bathroom to get myself together. That’s why I wore this dress today. I knew it would get his attention.”

				They both giggled, and Janae’s steps faltered. Was that why he wanted her to come here? To tell her it was over? He could have done that when he stopped by. She realized she was the biggest fool on earth, and decided this was not worth all the drama. She was about to turn around and leave when Donovan came out of the office where she still stood.

				He stared after the women for a moment and chuckled, shook his head and mumbled something that sounded like, “That woman is out of her mind.” He’d obviously heard the last part of the conversation. He turned and noticed Janae. “Hey, Janae. Girl, I’m so glad to see you.”

				“Hi, Donovan,” she said, trying to keep her emotions in check.

				He frowned. “What’s wrong?”

				“I can’t do this. Can you tell Terrence it’s over? I have to go.”

				“What? Why? Are you talking about those two women?”

				He must have read the answer in her face.

				“Janae, trust me when I tell you the woman is delusional. Terrence is not planning anything with her.”

				“I can’t play these games.” She pivoted on her heel and stormed off.

				“Janae. Wait,” he called after her. “Don’t leave. Talk to him.”

				She successfully made it to the elevator without crying and slapped the button. “Come on, come on,” she muttered.

				It seemed like forever before the doors opened. She stepped on with the other people and prayed she’d make it out of the building before completely losing it.

				* * *

				Terrence glanced up as Donovan rushed through his door. “What’s wrong, D?”

				“Janae is leaving. You need to go get her.”

				“What are you talking about?” he asked with alarm.

				“She overheard Trina telling another employee that this lunch date was with her.”

				“How in the hell did she think that?” Terrence growled.

				“I don’t know. But you’d better go get your woman. I’ll take care of Ms. Jackson.”

				Terrence sprinted out of the office and down the hall. He bypassed the elevator and went for the stairs, taking them two at a time. He burst through the door and searched the lobby frantically, then spotted Janae walking rapidly toward the front door. His long strides ate up the distance, and he caught her just as she reached the door. It felt like déjà vu, but this time, he planned for a different outcome.

				“Janae. Where are you going?”

				She spoke without turning around. “I can’t play these games, Terrence.”

				“I’m not playing any games with you. Please turn around.” He laid a hand on her arm, and she slowly turned. The tears standing in her eyes caused a pain deep in his soul.

				“Baby, I promise I’m not playing games. I don’t know why Ms. Jackson thought I would be having lunch with her. Yes, I had her make the reservations, and yes, I told her to take a two-hour lunch. I didn’t want anyone in the office while you and I talked. The lunch is for us.”

				She stared up at him wordlessly.

				“Please come back with me so we can talk. If you still want to leave after I’ve had my say, I’ll take you right back to the airport.”

				It took her a few moments, but she agreed. “Fine.”

				“Thank you.” He really wanted to seal their agreement with a kiss, but held back. “Was your flight okay? I’m sorry I couldn’t be there.”

				“It was good. I’ve never flown on a private plane before, and Audrey is very nice.”

				“She’s the only woman I trusted to bring you here. I’ve known her since my sophomore year in college, and she’s been like a big sister to me.”

				“I’m glad you had someone.”

				Once they reached his floor, he escorted her into his office, closed the door and gestured her to the couch, where he joined her. Now that they were alone, he had no idea where to start. This would make or break their relationship.

				“I don’t know where to begin. I feel like I’m on my first date.”

				Janae sat with her arms folded across her chest, her expression still guarded. Finally, her features softened and she said, “Tell me what’s in here.”

				She placed her hand on his heart, and the pace quickened. He covered her hand with his, then lifted it to his lips. “For so long, I’ve lived my life thinking that if I didn’t fall in love or commit to a woman, then she couldn’t walk out on me. I let my mother’s selfishness dictate how I viewed relationships, and in doing so, messed up the most beautiful thing in my life—being with you.” He lifted her chin and held her gaze. “I love you, Janae.”

				“You love me?”

				“Yes, more than anything.”

				“What about your music? You told me music was your only passion, your only love.”

				He smiled faintly. “For a long time, that was true. Now I’ve found a greater passion, a greater love—you. I want to be with you, Janae. Do you want to be with me?”

				A tear slid down her cheek, and she nodded. “Yes. I love you, too.”

				Hearing her words filled his heart.

				“I tried not to,” she confessed. “But I couldn’t help it.”

				“I’m glad. I think I fell in love with you the first time I held your hand at the concert. There was something about you.” He leaned close enough for their breaths to mingle. “May I?” When she nodded, he touched his lips gently to hers, teasing, nibbling, until her lips parted. His tongue charged into her mouth and swept every area, eliciting a soft moan from her. He pulled her closer and brought his hands up to frame her face. “I missed kissing this sweet mouth,” he whispered against her lips, before kissing her again.

				Janae eased back, breathing harshly. “How are we going to do this, living in different cities?”

				“I’m working on that.” She arched an eyebrow and he smiled. He reached for her hand. Taking the bracelet from his pocket, he fastened it around her wrist. “Now it’s back where it belongs.”

				She glanced down at her arm, then back up at him with a smile.

				“Are you ready to eat? Our lunch should be delivered in a few minutes.”

				“What are you up to, Terrence?” she asked, angling her head to one side.

				“Nothing. Do you have anything planned this weekend?”

				“No.”

				“Will you stay here and let me take you home on Sunday?”

				“I didn’t bring anything with me.”

				“We can go shopping for whatever you need. And you can shop wherever you want,” he added when she started to protest. “Think about it. I’m going to call about our food.”

				* * *

				Janae thought about his offer while wandering around the large office space viewing the various gold and platinum records hanging on the walls. She couldn’t believe he loved her and wanted to be with her. She wanted the same thing, but didn’t see how it could work logistically. First, they lived on opposite ends of the state, and second, he was famous and in the spotlight and she would rather fly under the radar. One of them would have to relocate.

				She loved her job and knew he felt the same about his. Not to mention his record company and grandparents were here. Did he expect her to give up her job and move? Maybe she was making things more complicated than they really were, and Terrence didn’t seem to be bothered by it. She wished she could talk this out with someone, preferably somebody other than him. As far as staying the weekend, she had no problem with it...as long as he stayed in control when they went shopping. She stopped in front of the painting she’d given him.

				“It looks good on my wall, doesn’t it?” he asked, coming up behind her and circling his arms around her waist.

				“It does.”

				“I’ve gotten many compliments on it. Everyone wants to know who the artist is and if there are more paintings like this one.”

				She turned in his arms and stared up at him. “What did you tell them?”

				“I told them it was an exclusive. After lunch, I’ll show you around. Then I want to take you to meet my grandparents.”

				She agreed, but apprehension gripped her again. What kind of woman would they expect him to bring home?

				* * *

				Terrence drove up to a property and pressed a button, and the gate opened. He parked in a three-car garage next to an SUV, hopped out, then came around to assist her.

				“This is beautiful,” she said of the two-story stone-and-stucco structure.

				They entered the front door, and Janae’s hand flew to her mouth. She could feel the warmth surrounding the place. “Now, this is a home.”

				He chuckled. “I’ll give you a tour later. Let’s go meet my grandparents.”

				“Where are they?” She followed him through a large kitchen. “Nice kitchen. Looks like you spend a lot of time in here.”

				“I do. I had a cottage built for them, and it connects through this breezeway.”

				“That’s really cool. You both can have privacy, but still be close.”

				“Exactly. Although I’ve never needed privacy...until now. Grandpa! Grandma! Where are you?” he called.

				“We’re in the kitchen, baby,” his grandmother called back.

				“I have someone I want you guys to meet.”

				His grandparents turned with stunned gazes, and the teacup his grandmother held slipped unnoticed from her hands. The crashing sound brought them around.

				Janae rushed over to his grandmother. “Oh, my goodness. Are you all right?”

				“I... Yes, dear.”

				Janae stooped down to pick up the pieces. “Terrence, don’t just stand there. Get some paper towels and help me clean this up.”

				He smiled and shared a look with his grandparents. Grabbing some paper towels, he squatted next to Janae and helped clean up the mess. Standing, he took her hand. “Grandpa, Grandma, I want you to meet Janae Simms. Janae, these are the two most special people in my life, Ray and Eleanor Campbell.”

				“It’s so nice to meet you,” Janae said. “Terrence has told me lots of good things about you.”

				“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Janae,” his grandfather said, reaching out to shake her hand.

				“I’m very happy to meet you, Janae,” his grandmother echoed, and brought her in for a warm embrace. “Terrence hasn’t told me one thing about you, so we’ll have to get to know one another. How did you two meet?”

				“We met at his concert in San Francisco.”

				A smile bloomed on her face. “So you’re the one who gave Terrence the paintings. They’re magnificent. Are you a full-time artist?”

				“No. I teach a fourth-and fifth-grade special education class. I paint for relaxation.”

				“It takes a special person to be a teacher. You’re going to make a wonderful granddaughter, isn’t she, Ray?”

				“Most definitely, Ellie,” he answered enthusiastically.

				Janae’s eyes widened. “I... We....”

				Terrence cut in. “Uh, I’m gonna give her a tour of the house. We’ll see you guys later.” He hustled Janae out of the cottage before his grandparents could say another word.

				* * *

				While putting on her pajamas, Janae reminisced on the whirlwind day. She and Terrence had shopped, then shared dinner with his grandparents. They were wonderful, and she could feel the love between them and their grandson.

				Shaking her head, she recalled the text she’d received from Devin saying he was five minutes away from getting on a flight. Honestly, she had forgotten to call, but assured him everything was fine. It wasn’t until Terrence talked to him that he backed off. She had also called Karen and told her about the many dilemmas she faced. Karen told her to stop worrying and reminded Janae that she could find a teaching position anywhere, especially with her background.

				Walking out of the bedroom and down the stairs, she went to find Terrence. Not finding him in the kitchen or family room, she meandered through the house, peeking into rooms again, and then she heard the music. She followed the sound until she came to his studio at the back of the house. Janae pushed the partially closed door open and found him tinkering on the piano.

				His head came up, and he smiled. “Hey.”

				“Are you busy? I don’t want to disturb you.”

				“Nah. I’m just fooling around. Come on in.”

				She closed the door and strolled over to where he sat. “Play something for me.”

				He played one of his songs, segued into a jazz number, then launched into the blues. Her mouth dropped when he played a piece by Chopin. He held her spellbound as his fingers flew over the keys like a classically trained pianist.

				“That was absolutely amazing. Was classical music your concentration in college?”

				“No. I only took a couple of classes.”

				“Like I said, you’re a certified genius.” She laughed at the embarrassed expression that crossed his face. “So, are you working on songs for your new album?”

				“Actually, I haven’t been able to concentrate since things got messed up with us.”

				“Well, now that we’re straightened out, your creative juices should start to flow again. I don’t want to stand in the way of getting my advance copy,” she added with a giggle. “Sooo, whatcha got?” she asked, wiggling her eyebrows.

				He stood and went over to a complicated-looking system. “This is the last song I wrote. It’s only the music for now—the words haven’t come to me yet. Tell me what you think.” Terrence pressed a few buttons, and the music filled the room.

				Janae closed her eyes, leaned her head back and listened. Soon, the slow, deep bass pulsed through her body. “It’s very sensual...almost erotic,” she breathed.

				* * *

				Her words instantly aroused Terrence. He came up behind her and trailed kisses over the exposed column of her neck. His hands came around, searched beneath her top and massaged her breasts. Her low moans fueled his need, and he spun her around, his head descending and crushing her mouth in a passionate kiss. He tore his mouth away and whipped her shirt over her head, then bent low and sucked hard on a nipple. He dropped to his knees, stripped away her shorts and latched on to her core.

				She cried out sharply. “Terrence! Please.”

				She tried to back away, but he tightened his grasp on her thighs. “Not until I get my fill.” He stroked her deeper, twirling and sliding his tongue throughout her wetness. “You taste so sweet, baby,” he murmured.

				The pleasurable sounds coming from her mouth were like the melody to his favorite song. He slid two fingers into her heat, and she climaxed. He clamped his mouth down on her and didn’t let up until the last spasm left her body.

				He stood and kissed her hungrily while holding her trembling body. Terrence released her, turned her to face the piano and placed her hands on top. He removed a condom from his wallet, then rid himself of his pants and underwear. Tearing open the packet, he rolled it over his erection, came up behind her and kissed his way down her back while caressing the firm flesh of her butt. He angled her hips, bent his knees and gritted his teeth as he eased into her. The feel of her tightness surrounding him heightened his arousal. He planted his feet and set a strong rhythm, pumping in and out of her with deep, measured strokes.

				“Yes,” Janae moaned. “Don’t stop.”

				“Never, baby,” he groaned. He increased the tempo until she stiffened and screamed out his name. He pulled out, walked her backward, then turned to sit on the piano bench, lifting Janae to straddle his lap. “I love you, baby. You are my heart.”

				“I love you, too.” She smiled softly and leaned forward to trace a path over his tattoo with her tongue.

				He inhaled sharply at the contact, and his heart leaped. “Will you let me love you?” He’d never thought he would feel her hands on his body again, and he reveled in her touch.

				“Touch me,” he whispered.

				* * *

				Janae ran her hands over his wide, sculpted chest, over his shoulders and up the back of his neck. “You know, a friend of mine said you’re a walking chocolate fantasy.” Pulling his head down, she used her tongue to trace around his mouth, and sucked on his bottom lip. “Mmm. I have to agree.”

				“Baby, this isn’t fantasy, it’s real. It’ll always be real with us. Let me show you.” He lightly trailed his hands down her back, starting a blaze that spread like a wildfire throughout her body. He lifted her and rubbed his erection against her core, rekindling her passion.

				“Don’t tease me.”

				Holding her gaze, he positioned his shaft at her entrance and slowly brought her down. “I’m going to tease you and please you. Taste you. Kiss you. Love you.”

				Her body trembled as much from the feel of him sliding slowly in and out as it did from his heated words spoken in that deep velvet voice. “Will you let me love you, too?”

				“Anytime and as long as you want.”

				The music played on repeat, blending with their passionate cries until Janae felt another climax building. She didn’t know how much more she could take.

				He increased the pace, then slowed and pulled out to the tip. “You’re mine.” He surged back inside her, and she screamed as a third orgasm tore through her.

				He followed her over the edge, groaning as he erupted. He kept thrusting, and when she came again, so did he.

				“That song is going to get a lot of people in trouble,” Janae said, trying to catch her breath.

				Terrence’s low chuckle rumbled in his chest. He stood with her in his arms and strode purposely from the room, taking her to his bedroom. He had more in store for them tonight.





		 			 				Chapter 19

				Janae glanced over at Karen, who bounced in her seat. She shook her head and smiled. “Does this remind you of anything?”

				Karen burst out laughing. “Yeah. I think I’m experiencing a little déjà vu. Only this time, we’ve got the inside track. Girl, I’ve never flown on a private plane before—even Andre was impressed.” She smiled over at her boyfriend. “I guess I can’t get into any trouble this time.”

				Janae laughed and rolled her eyes to the ceiling. “Thank goodness.” Terrence had flown them to Los Angeles for his concert.

				Karen leaned closer. “Who’s Devin’s date?”

				Janae glimpsed over her shoulder at her brother whispering and smiling at his date. “Her name is Vivian. He says she’s a friend, but the way she’s grinning up at him might be saying something else.” The lights dimmed in the auditorium, and all conversation ceased.

				The music started, and the crowd went wild. Monte came out onstage, and they screamed even louder. He caught Janae’s gaze, winked, then launched into his first song. They were seated front row, center stage, and close enough, as Karen had pointed out the last time, to see this fine man sweat. Only this time, he was her fine man. She sang along and rocked in her seat, glad things had gotten cleared up between them. Although she still had no idea how they would make their long-distance relationship work, she decided to go with the flow and take it one day at a time.

				When he sang one of his more popular songs entitled “One Night,” Janae jumped to her feet with the rest of the audience singing the chorus.





				“All I need is one night, one night

				to show you my love.

				I’ll take my time, do it right,

				make you feel things you never dreamed of.”





				When the song ended, Monte inclined his head and spoke into the microphone. “I hope you’re enjoying the concert tonight. It’s always good to be home.” Screams and shouts followed. “I’m gonna ask Lorena to help me with the next song, called ‘It’s Only You.’”

				As he sang the song, Janae closed her eyes and listened to the words. He sang with such passion, it filled her heart. She opened her eyes, and their gazes locked. Karen bumped her, shattering the spell.

				“Girl, I have never heard him sing this song like that.” She held out her arms. “It’s giving me goose bumps.”

				She could only nod, focus her eyes on the stage and think about how much she loved him.

				“Thank you. Everybody give it up for Lorena Daniels.” Monte waited for the applause to die down. “If you’ve been to a recent concert, you know this song has been the most requested to end the show. However, tonight, I want to give you a sneak preview of my upcoming project that’ll be released at the start of fall. A month ago, I did an interview with Gayle Sanders in Washington, D.C., and she asked if someone special inspired my love songs. My answer was no.”

				He chuckled. “But I think I’ve found my inspiration. This new song is inspired by someone very special to me.” He fixed his gaze on Janae. “It’s called, ‘Just to Be with You.’ I hope you enjoy it.”

				Her eyebrow arched. She immediately recognized the deep bass as the song he’d played for her. The one that had aroused them so much they had made love right there in his studio. He told her he hadn’t written the lyrics yet, and that was last weekend.

				Without shifting his focus, he sang the words to her, seducing her with each line—the vocal highs and lows pulling her in. His high falsetto sent sparks of awareness down her spine, and his low baritone reached deep down and caressed her soul. The music stroked her as surely as if his hand actually touched her. Her breathing increased and her body heated, but she couldn’t look away. She also recognized some of the lyrics as the words they’d spoken during that passionate encounter.

				I want to touch you and tease you, kiss you and please you. There’s nothing I’d rather do than spend my life with you. I’ll give you all you need, all you could ever want, if you’ll only let me love you. You captured my heart from the first and I knew, I’d give my all just to be with you.

				Her body was so on fire, she trembled. He came off the stage, stopped in front of her and repeated the chorus, ending the song. She barely registered the ovation and, when he placed a gentle kiss on her lips, she heard only him.

				“I love you, Janae.” He lowered himself to one knee.

				“Oh, my.” She brought her hand to her mouth, and her eyes filled with tears.

				He spoke into the microphone. “Janae, you have taught me what it is to give and receive love unconditionally. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, loving you. I’ll give you all you need, everything you could ever want, if you’ll only let me love you. You are my passion and my love. I promise to be faithful and love only you for the rest of my life. You’re all I will ever need. Will you marry me?”

				She nodded happily. “Yes,” she whispered. He retrieved a ring from his pocket and slid it on her finger. She stared down at her hand and cried harder. She glanced over at Devin, and he nodded. She returned her gaze to her future husband. “I love you, Terrence.”

				He stood and swept her in his arms while the audience went wild. “You are my heart. I know you don’t like being in the spotlight, and I promise to do everything in my power to protect you.”

				Janae wrapped her arms around his neck and nodded.

				“Where do you want to live? I’ll move to San Jose so you can keep your teaching position.”

				She shook her head. “Your grandparents are here, and so is your business. No, I want to live here. I can teach anywhere.” She gave him a shy smile. “And I’ve been thinking about what you and Devin said about my art.”

				“Really?” he asked excitedly. “Whatever you want to do, baby.” He gave her one last kiss and lowered her to the floor. “I guess I should close out this concert. We have some celebrating to do.”

				“Yes, we do,” she responded saucily. “So hurry up. I told you what that song does to me.”

				“Yes, ma’am.”

				He bent close to her ear and told her in explicit detail how he planned for them to celebrate. She gasped, and heat flooded her body. Her gaze flew to his.

				His mouth curved in a wicked grin. He kissed her one last time, threw her a bold wink, then climbed back onto the stage.

				* * * * *





				We hope you enjoyed this Harlequin Kimani Romance.



				You dream in vibrant hues! Harlequin Kimani Romance stories feature sophisticated, soulful and sensual African-American and multicultural heroes and heroines who develop fulfilling relationships as they lead lives full of drama, glamour and passion.



				Enjoy four new stories from Harlequin Kimani Romance every month!



				Connect with us on Harlequin.com for info on our new releases, access to exclusive offers, free online reads and much more!



				Other ways to keep in touch:

				Harlequin.com/newsletters

Facebook.com/HarlequinBooks

Twitter.com/HarlequinBooks

HarlequinBlog.com





				ISBN-13: 9781460337073

				JUST TO BE WITH YOU

				Copyright © 2014 by Sheryl Lister





				All rights reserved. By payment of the required fees, you have been granted the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and read the text of this e-book on-screen. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, down-loaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, now known or hereinafter invented, without the express written permission of publisher, Harlequin Enterprises Limited, 225 Duncan Mill Road, Don Mills, Ontario, Canada M3B 3K9.

				This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental. This edition published by arrangement with Harlequin Books S.A.

				® and ™ are trademarks of the publisher. Trademarks indicated with ® are registered are registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office and in other countries.

				www.Harlequin.com





