Evernight Publishing



www.evernightpublishing.com





Copyright© 2013 Kiru Taye





ISBN: 978-1-77130-612-6



Cover Artist: Sour Cherry Designs



Editor: Karyn White





ALL RIGHTS RESERVED





WARNING: The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. No part of this book may be used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews.



This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, and places are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.





FORWARD



Dear readers,



I want to thank you each and every one of you for keeping the faith and hanging with me through this story journey. Penning Benjamin and Selina Moss's story has been one of personal learning and growth for me even as the characters have developed with each book.



I know some of you have wondered why the couple's story is being revealed in stages. I have to confess that this is the way Benjamin and Selina have chosen to reveal their journey. They wanted to focus on the crucial stages of their relationship development rather than bore you with the mundane.



I hope you'll stay with them till the dramatic conclusion to their tale in Scores ( Passion Shields, book 3), coming soon.



Happy reading!



Love,



Kiru xx





DEDICATION



This story is dedicated to the 'wind beneath my wings,' my love.





SECRETS



Passion Shields, 2



Kiru Taye



Copyright © 2013





Chapter One




"Wake up, beauty." Benjamin's alert tone penetrated Selina's sleep.

She stirred slowly, her body weighed down, languid. The aroma of dark roasted coffee beans wafted around her, alerting her brain. She lifted her eyelids and blinked a few times.

Sunlight streamed in, the black heavy curtains pulled back. A light breeze coming through the open balcony door lifted the white sheer curtain beneath. Cool air kissed her shoulders and face. She dragged the bedcovers up, burrowing deeper.

At the soft hissing sound of a door opening, she rolled onto her back. Her husband strode out of the walk-in closet. Half-naked, he stood in the middle of their master bedroom wearing a pair of charcoal chinos, his bare, tanned torso and arms a golden beacon drawing her waking desire.

Her breath caught and held for the briefest of moments, and her pulse skipped a beat, both standard rising responses these days to seeing Ben in any state of undress.

Instead of giving in to the flare of arousal in her veins, Selina shifted, lifting her body into a sitting position, her brows knitted together in a frown. Something was wrong.

In Ben's left hand dangled a sky blue shirt he'd just unwrapped from the laundry service, the clear branded cellophane scrunched and tossed in the aluminum waste paper bin in the corner.

Looking over his shoulder, his gaze met hers. The corners of his compelling grey eyes crinkled, his full lips curling in a rare seductive smile she never tired of witnessing. Gifted with inherent strength and rugged features, her husband wasn't classically handsome. Striking was a better summation. To her, he was a Greek god.

Gulping down the sudden need to taste his mouth and have his weight between her legs, she quirked one eyebrow in a silent query.

"I have to go into the office this morning," Ben said with sedate calmness, effectively ruining her day in nine words.

Lowering her eyesight to where her fingers now clutched the white bed sheet almost defensively to her chest, her shoulders slumped.

"It's Saturday." And play day, she omitted from saying, disappointment a heavy boulder in belly.

After an initial reluctance, she'd come to look forward to their weekend ritual. The pressure of her job working as a senior pharmacist in a hospital meant that some days she felt like a bottle of shaken fizzy drink waiting to explode as soon as someone opened it.

Play days were her opportunity to unwind and de-stress, a safe environment where she didn't have to be in charge, where she could trust Ben to take care of her needs, the only times she allowed his need for ascendency over her without feeling weak and pathetic. The routine had become as much a part of her survival mechanism as sealing the memories of her past.

"I know." His massive shoulders lifted and fell in a shrug. "Moss Star provides a 24/7 service."

Letting out a soft sigh, Selina nodded.

Benjamin ran his own business. Unfortunately it meant that he sometimes had to work at weekends or be available to his staff. And though they were married, it was still just a temporary arrangement she'd agreed to because of her brother. Her needs were secondary to Kaya's and Ben's.

Tears rose, swelled behind her eyeballs. Lowering her lashes, she fought the storm of emotions rising. Yet as much as she tried to rationalize his reason in her mind, her stomach churned, the disappointment souring her mouth, turning to anger in her veins. After years of surviving on her own, she should've known better than to rely on anyone but herself.

In the past month, she'd come to depend on Benjamin, to need the comfort of his dominance, the mastery of his touch, the pleasure of giving herself freely to him. She'd let her guard slip, handing her scarred body into his care, trusting him to see all of her and not just her physical blemishes, to protect her.

Not to mention that Saturdays had become the only times they got to slow down enough to see, and communicate with each other, displaying not just physical affection but sharing an emotional connection, too.

Who was she kidding? Maybe this was just a routine to him, a force of habit. Perhaps he didn’t care one way or the other.

Relying on him had been a mistake. Starting now, she would remedy the error by finding another way to relax today. She didn't need Ben. Or anyone else.

Swinging her legs over to her side of the bed, she prepared to stand.

"Stay right there," Ben said in a firm deep voice. Despite the calmness to his words, she didn't miss the order.

Instinctively, traitorously, her body stilled, an almost natural response to his command, masking the weeks of training it had taken to achieve. Her mind rebelled, her anger still riding her blood with each beat of her heart.

Last night she'd fallen into bed exhausted, barely able to string together two words in a sentence. Ben had seen how tired she'd been. He knew how much she needed today's play, damn it! A little warning would've been nice for starters.

Lifting her head, she glared at him, her obedience tottering on razor thin wires.

"What are you doing?" he asked, the warning in his cool voice apparent.

In a heartbeat his smile faded, his lips flattened, the grey of his eyes marbling, the muscles of his arms bunching. He held her defiant gaze and raised it, like in a poker game, challenging her to take it one step further into outright disobedience.

Could she dare to call his bluff?

Mentally, she calculated the distance between the bed and the adjoining bathroom. She could make a dash for it and rely on the safety of its enclosure. Since Ben had to go out, perhaps he would just ignore her. By the time he got home, her insubordination would be forgotten.

As she stared at his rock solid body, she accepted that his current frozen state was an illusion. It was the rigid pose of a wild tiger, ready to pounce. He would intercept her before she reached the bathroom door. And then she would have to put up with the humiliation of being spanked while over his knees. Her bum prickled as if in remembrance of the last time he'd taken his bare hand to it. She'd been unable to sit comfortably for two days.

Letting out an exasperated sigh, she lowered her gaze, fixing it on the pile of zebra-print monochrome hand-woven rug at his feet.

"But I thought—"

"That's the problem. You think too much."

Bristling inwardly, she held her tongue. So what if she overanalyzed every situation? It was the one trait that had guaranteed her survival to date and the main reason she'd come to love play days. They were the only time she didn't have to worry about thinking about anything. Simply put, it was the best stress release she knew. Better than any pill she could take. And she was a pharmacist!

Ben strode across their bedroom floor, the deep pile on the rug muffling the sound of his feet bound in Italian-made black leather shoes. His teasing smile took the edge off his stern words.

"The rules of play day still apply even though I'm going to be out. You'll follow my instructions to the letter."

He nodded toward the bedside table. She noticed the sheet of notepad on it. He'd scrawled a list of actions for her on the top.

"I'll be back as soon as I can." He shrugged his arms into his shirt covering up the chest packed solid with muscles and the smattering of short bronze hairs trailing down to his trousers.

She leaned toward the table to pick up the list.

"No. Wait until I'm gone before you read it." He disappeared into the walk-in closet.

Her frown deepened. This was a new test. Usually when he gave instructions he was close by to ensure that she carried them out. At first she'd obey some and not others depending on what she'd considered her limits. But over time he'd pushed back her boundaries. But she still struggled with the side of her that didn’t want to give total control to someone else.

Knowing he was always close by and would punish her had always been a strong incentive to obey his orders without hesitation. Unsettled, she rubbed her arms as she wrapped them around her midsection, goosebumps mottling her arms. How was she going to cope when he wasn't even going to be in their apartment?

The sudden panic about Ben not being at home to make her toe the line didn't escape her. At some point during the weeks they'd spent together, she'd learned to concede to her husband's authority and even yearned for his brand of reward and punishment. Was there shame in admitting that some penalties thrilled as well as scared her on some level?

She ignored the revealing question and focused on the source of her current unease. His presence was an anchor, grounding her in a turbulent sea ruled by her emotions and fears. In his absence, she would fail and disappoint him. Spidery cold fingers of dread crawled over her flesh.

If he asks, lie. He won't know.

Eyes closed, she rocked back onto the soft pillows behind, pulling her knees up, her mind churning over the words.

No. She couldn’t. She'd never lied to him before. She wouldn't start now.

Yes, there were things from her past she hadn't shared with him. But omission was better than outright deception.

Fingers curled into her tresses. The sharp tug of her hair and her prickling scalp shocked a soft gasp out of her mouth as she lifted her eyelids. Her husband towered over her now fully clothed and standing beside the bed, his firm hand gripping her nape.

"You're thinking again," he said before crushing her lips beneath his.

Under the weight and onslaught of his mouth she capitulated to his dominance, opening up, letting him take what he wanted, and savoring this about him. Despite the harshness of his kiss, the combination of his soft lips and rough tongue stirred the embers of her lust. He tasted of coffee and caramel, dark and decadent, his smoke-wood and spice scent drawing her into the web of arousal he wove.

His right hand dipped down her body, rough palm skimming the soft flesh of her breast, firm fingers plucking at her nipple until it stood straight and taut. Her body jerked in response. As his hand continued its journey over the contour of her belly to the swell of her left hip, she stifled a whimper. Fever rose, fast and urgent, burning her flesh. Then his fingers spread her lower lips, stroked her clit, circling it once before breaching her already wet entrance.

Yes! Gasping into his mouth, she tilted her hips giving him more access while pushing against him for more friction. Her fingers slid down to his trouser cupping the huge, hard bulge tenting his fly. She stroked him and then moved her hand to the zipper. She couldn’t wait to have him inside her.

He had other ideas.

Benjamin pulled away, ending her foray with a firm flick of her wrist and tilted her head up.

"Which play day rule have you just broken?" His grey eyes glimmered with wicked amusement.

She sighed, a mix of defeat and resignation. "The ‘no touching unless you tell me to’ rule."

She didn’t bother hiding the frustration from her voice. She'd already earned a demerit. His next words confirmed it.

"And that sassy mouth of yours has cost you an orgasm this morning."

Like you'll be here to stop me. She made a low sound in her throat and just stopped from rolling her eyes back in her head.

Usually by this time of the day, they would've been in their way to their second orgasm, usually in the shower. But as he was already dressed and they hadn't made love before he'd gotten out of bed, it wasn't going to happen any time soon.

He leaned back, arms crossed over his chest.

"Do you want to say something, Selina?" There was no amusement in his voice.

"No."

"No, what?"

"No, Benjamin." When he was being formal, she had to use his full name.

"I didn't think so," he said, his tone still reprimanding. "Do I need to remind you of the rules for play day?"

Her cheeks flamed at his chiding tone. She wasn't a ten year old who needed reminders.

"I know the rules, Benjamin."

"Good. Then obey them. Unless of course you wish to skip today's session?"

And miss out on what I've been looking forward to all week? I don't think so. Despite the change in their routine for the day, she would have to trust that he would meet his obligations. He'd promised her, and he hadn't reneged on that promise yet. She had to give him the benefit of the doubt.

"I don't want to skip. I'm sorry I was being lippy. I just didn't like the idea of you going out this morning." Plus the fact that he could command her body at his whim.

"Who is in charge of play day?" Benjamin asked in a quiet voice.

"You are," Selina said.

"Who owns your body?"

"You do."

"You keep that in mind while you carry out my instructions for the rest of the day." He tapped the end of her nose as he gave her a smile that brightened up his face and lit up her chest.

"Or there'll be hell to pay." This time he winked before heading out of the bedroom door. He stopped just outside the door.

"Be good, beauty," he said, and her heart skipped a beat, her body melting.

Whenever he used the endearment her body and heart responded simultaneously. He made her feel beautiful though she didn’t believe she was. If Benjamin thought she was, then his praise was good enough for her.

She listened to his heavy footsteps against the rug covered wood-panel flooring in the hallway. When she heard the click from the front door closing, she finally relaxed back into the pillows behind her and closed her eyes briefly, taking a deep breath in.

Benjamin's scent still floated in the air, reminding her of the notepad on the bedside. She opened her eyes and leaned over, picking up the paper.

The boldly scrawled words were those of a man in control as well as committed to the day and the activities ahead.

In their month of marriage, she'd come to rely on one thing. Benjamin's consistency. His actions had always been measured, and unfailing.

The primary reason they'd gotten married—her plans to bring her brother Kaya to move permanently to the United Kingdom—were already in motion.

Simply put, her husband gave her hope that she could restore some of what had been destroyed from her past. Hope was a good thing, and she would cling to it.

Inhaling deeply to quell the tears that gathered behind her eyelids, Selina read the list.

Number one: No clothes. Do not wear any for the rest of the day. If you need to go out, I've selected your outfit for the day hanging over the recliner.

She swept her gaze to the chair. Her blue and brown layered tier dress with a sweetheart neckline hung over it, a matching blue, knitted cardigan next to it. The dress length stopped just at her knee. On a warm spring day, the loose cotton style allowed for comfort. For the changeable British weather, the cozy wrap would come in handy.

She smiled. In that dress she wouldn't need a bra because of the sweetheart neckline. Sure enough, number two on the list was No underwear if you wear the dress.

A major rule of play day was no clothes, for her anyway. It had taken her a few weeks to get used to the idea of walking around the apartment without any clothes on. She'd spent most of her adult life covering up and never revealing her naked body to anyone else.

Now, she stared down at the scars that lined her stomach in crisscrosses. Tentatively, she ran a finger along the jagged lines, tracing the welts. For years she'd thought them ugly and hated looking at them—always dressing quickly to cover them up.

Then on their wedding night, Benjamin had made her reveal them to him. Instead of the condescending pity she'd been expecting from him, he'd worshiped her body like he'd sworn he would, kissing each mark reverently as if she was a goddess and the scars her beautifying spots.

The same day, he'd given her the platinum and gold charm bracelet now sparkling on her left wrist. She'd worn it almost every day since, with pride and awareness.

During their short honeymoon stay at the hotel, she'd had her first taste of his play day. She'd spent the entire weekend stark naked, except when room service was delivered, fighting the continual impulse to cover up.

Somehow he'd found ways of keeping her fears at bay so she didn't reach for the dressing gown at every opportunity.

"I love looking at your beautiful bare body." Benjamin's words had delighted as well as encouraged her.

There had been no repulsion in his eyes.

His measured actions reinforced his words. She was normal and beautiful and free. In his presence, with his praise, she was all those things for the first time in over ten years.

Now, Selina caressed her scars, running the pad of her fingers over each ridge the way Benjamin usually did. As she remembered his lips on her skin, tongue rough, wet, coaxing, and arousing, her skin tingled. Her insides clenched. She trailed her hand down to her sex lips but stopped from parting them.

Who owns your body?

Benjamin's words rang in her mind. She wasn't allowed to touch herself. She'd promised to abide by his rules. That meant she couldn’t bring herself to orgasm without his permission.

Frustrated she blew out a breath and picked up the note again.





Chapter Two



Buzz! Buzz!

At the second sound of the door intercom bell, Selina stepped out of the shower and reached for the white toweling robe hanging behind the bathroom door. She removed the shower cap she'd used to cover her hair and hung it on the hook by the wall radiator.

Buzz!

"Hold your damn horses," she shouted when the loud persistent noise made her jump this time. Padding her bare feet across the cool limestone tiles, she stepped into the hallway and nearly yanked the intercom receiver off the wall.

"Hello?" She didn't hide her irritation from her voice. Saturday was a sacred time in the Moss household especially this early. It wasn't even ten A.M. yet.

"Sorry, Mrs. Moss." It was one of their concierges, a usually pleasant middle-aged English man named Martin. Right now he sounded harassed. "I thought I should warn you that you have a guest on the way upstairs."

"What guest?" Selina wasn't expecting anyone, and neither was she in the mood to entertain. The concierge had a specific instruction from Benjamin to dispose of unexpected guests on Saturday mornings. So why had he allowed one in?

"My apologies, madam." He coughed.

A tug of sympathy made her uncertain about what to say. Sighing, she leaned her back against the wall. Before her was a large painting of an African landscape, adding a kaleidoscope of color to an otherwise plain white wall. But she wasn't focused on the piece of art by Cameroonian artist, Angu Walters.

In her mind's eye, she pictured the concierge tugging at the black tie wrapped around the white starched shirt collar. He always dressed in uniform while on duty, and whenever he was uncomfortable, he tugged his collar.

"It's Ms. Moss," he continued. "I tried to explain that you were not to be disturbed, but she insisted on going up."

Alarm bells rang in Selina's mind, and her grip on the receiver tightened. She narrowed her eyes, pulling her eyebrows down in concentration. Who the hell was Ms. Moss? One of Benjamin's relatives, obviously, but which one?

This day was not turning out as she'd planned at all. First, Benjamin had abandoned her with an action list. Now, she had to deal with a family member she hadn't been warned about.

What's my husband thinking?

Closing her eyes, Selina dragged in a long breath to subdue her fraying nerves.

"Martin, who exactly is in the lift? I mean which of the Mosses?" she asked in a calm tone, lifting her eyelids and focusing her gaze back on the painting on the wall. There was no point in taking out her irritation on the concierge who was simply doing his job. Benjamin, however, wouldn't be spared her bubbling wrath.

"Beatrice, Mr. Moss's younger sister."

Just at that moment loud insistent knocks came from the front door. The entryway slab was constructed from solid oak wood and a core of steel. So whoever was knocking was using something stronger than their knuckles.

Instinctively, Selina pulled the wrap around her body and cinched the waist belt tightly. It was Benjamin's robe, large enough to engulf her body and trail to her feet. Yet she didn't like not having her clothes on in other people's presence.

Counting to five, she inhaled deeply to stave off the panic rising in her stomach. What was Benjamin's sister doing here? The woman was supposed to be in South Africa. And from the vibes Selina got from her husband, he wasn't close to his family.

The smoke-wood scent of her husband reached her nostrils, as if he was the one cocooning her with his warm body instead of the weight of the cotton fleece on her shoulders.

She walked to the door, pressed the combination to open the lock and pulled it back. On the other side stood a beautiful woman with dark blonde hair. Her skin was tanned like she'd been out in the sun, and she had a pretty oval face. Selina noticed her grey eyes instantly; they had the same calculating quality as Benjamin's. Except these lacked his warmth.

Behind her stood the junior concierge—James, a young man in his late teens or early twenties—holding two large suitcases. The lobby was bare except for large ceramic-potted palm plants. There were no other apartments on this floor. James would've used the key lock to send the lift to this penthouse level.

She'd always wondered about the need for the double security since a key was required to reach this level but had always put it down to her Ben's work hazards.

"You must be Beatrice Moss." Selina pasted a smile on her face although the last thing she felt was cheerful. Why did her husband not mention that his sister was coming over?

"Of course I am," Benjamin's sister said. "Are you going to let me in or just stand there all day?"

The impulse to slam the door flared. She didn't like the woman's bossy tone. But this was her husband's sibling. And her African upbringing overrode all else in this situation. She couldn’t kick out a guest especially when it was family.

"Sorry. Come in." Selina kept her cheerful smile and moved out of the way, holding the door wide.

Beatrice walked in, or rather, waltzed in, her strong, sweet perfume hanging in the air after her. The junior concierge came in behind her, carrying the luggage. She wondered how the woman had roped the boy into doing her bidding. The concierges were there for the benefit of the residents only. But from the harassed expression of his face it seemed he was quite eager to complete the task and disappear.

"Leave it there." Selina pointed at the hallway table, which held a bouquet of fresh lilies in a white vase.

He deposited the bags next to the mahogany table and straightened up, smiling weakly.

Selina injected sympathy into her smile and voice. "Thank you, James."

"My pleasure, Mrs. Moss," he muttered before exiting.

She shut the door behind him and turned. Beatrice stood at the threshold to the living room, dressed in a cream top and black skinny jeans with high-heeled gladiator sandals, looking as glamorous as Charlize Theron on a casual day. Selina had seen pictures. None did her much justice. Beatrice was physically beautiful—model skinny, straight blonde hair, and flawless porcelain skin—the epitome of a modern day beauty. Selina was the exact opposite with her hour-glass curves, curly brown hair, and scarred chocolate skin.

"So you're the new Mrs. Moss."

Was there a hint of scorn in her voice?

"Yes, I'm Selina." She contemplated extending her hand for a handshake but rejected the notion. She didn't like the way Beatrice was looking at her. As if she was something a cat dragged in off the grubby gutters.

"Did Benjamin know you were coming?" she asked instead as she walked past Beatrice, who stood taller than her in her high-heels.

"Of course he does. Where is he, anyway?"

Beatrice walked down the hallway toward the bedrooms.

"He's at the office," Selina called out and followed her; appalled the woman was walking around with the air of someone who owned the place.

"On a Saturday? That brother of mine works too hard." Beatrice pushed open the door to the guest bedroom opposite Ben's study. Fortunately, she hadn't gone to the master suite in search of her brother.

Selina exhaled in relief. She didn't have to deck the woman for disrespecting her.

"I'm going to freshen up and catch a nap," Beatrice said. "Bring my bags in here."

Gritting her teeth, Selina stomped to where the luggage was left, dragged them along the floor, and unceremoniously pushed them into the bedroom.

They both hit the dark wooden frame of the low Japanese style bed with a thud and collapsed on the floor.

"There you are, madam," she said in a rude tone.

The wide-eyed and open-mouthed shock on Beatrice's face as Selina shut the door was enough to put a smile on her face. She went into living room and picked up the cordless land phone. The intermittent ring tone indicated there was a voice message. But she needed to speak to Ben first. So she pressed the speed dial number one button.

He picked the call at the first ring.

"Hi, beauty." The sound of his deep voice should've soothed her. It didn't. Instead, it exacerbated her exasperation.

"Did you get my message?"

"What message? I didn't get any message," Selina replied, her voice nasally.

"Oh. I thought that was why you phoned back," Ben said. "I called to tell you my sister was on the way over to our apartment. She arrived from Johannesburg this morning."

So that was the voice message. Every Friday night, Ben set the voicemail to pick up their calls after one ring. Moreover she'd taken a long shower this morning, using the powerful jet of the water to sluice some of her earlier tension away.

Shame. The tension was back. Her shoulder and back muscles were wound so tight, her chest constricted with rage.

"So you think it's okay to wait until the morning your sister arrives to tell me?"

He might own the luxury penthouse apartment, but this was still their home, her home, albeit for a short while. She wouldn't be disrespected. Not by him or his sister.

"If you'd listened to the message you'd know that I wasn't expecting her. She just turned up."

"Well, I was in the shower so I didn't hear the phone." She blew out a frustrated breath. "And anyway, who does that? Who flies over thousands of miles to just turn up in somebody's house? What if there was nobody home?"

The sound of Ben's weary sigh filtered through the phone line.

"She has the code to the door lock. She usually stays over when she's in London."

This just got better.

"A family member I never met just turns up in our home unexpectedly." Her voice was loud. She didn’t care if Beatrice overheard her words. "And now you tell me she's allowed to come and go as she wishes. Do I not have a say in this?"

"Of course you do."

There was a long pause on the line in which Selina wanted to demand answers. Instead she bit her tongue, fuming silently.

"I should've considered that you might not want her staying with us. Don't worry. I'll arrange a hotel room for her and send a car to pick her up."

His conciliatory tone and speed to remedy the problem gave her cause to pause. Did she really want to make an enemy of her sister-in-law? There were enough spare bedrooms in this penthouse to accommodate a basketball team. Moreover, when Kaya came to London he would be living in their apartment. It was only fair to allow Ben's sister to stay.

"No. Don't book a hotel. I don't want her to go." She heaved a sigh. "I guess the unexpectedness of it all threw me. I would've liked to know in advance, that's all."

Not to mention that it was something else that was adding to screw up her routine for the day.

"Sure. I'm sorry," Ben said. After a short pause, he asked, "Where is she now?"

Selina told him, omitting to describe his sister's behavior on arrival or Selina's reaction to her rudeness. Telling tales was never her thing.

"Are you dressed?" Benjamin's tone changed from peacemaker to seducer, deep and husky.

Heat flared on her cheeks, her pulse rate increasing. "No, I'm wearing your toweling robe," she said.

"Have you been a good girl?"

The heat spread from her cheeks down her chest and finally pooling between her legs. She shifted from one leg to the other to distract herself. Benjamin had a knack for turning her on just with the tone of his deep voice.

"If you mean as per your instructions on the list then I've tried to carry them out. But with your sister here I'm not sure what else to do."

"Did you touch yourself after I left?"

She shifted again remembering what she'd been doing.

"I started to…" She'd sworn to always be honest with him.

"Did you climax?"

"No. I stopped before my hands reached my … sex. I only traced the scars while remembering how you touch them."

The sound of his muffled groan made her heart beat faster.

"I want to see you."

Her breath hitched, and her hand travelled to her neck instinctively where her pulse jumped against her collarbone.

"Are you on your way home?" she asked, her voice a tad hopeful.

"No. Go to my study."

At first she was unsure of what he meant. Taken aback, she frowned. "What's that got to do with you wanting to see me? The door is locked."

"Stop overanalyzing things and do as I say. You know the code to the door. Call me back from the phone in there when you've opened the door." He didn't give her a chance to argue and hung up.

Now she was even more curious as to what he had in mind. The study was Ben's sanctuary, and she just went in there on the rare occasions he invited her in. Her having the door code was only supposed to be for an emergency.

Since it was play day, strictly she shouldn’t ask questions. But the normal rules were out of the window with the arrival of Beatrice. Selina couldn’t follow them to the letter with another person in the house. Playing their games in the presence of a third party was a non-negotiable limit for her. So Ben would have to find an inventive way to get around the restriction.



Selina walked down the hallway. Putting her head against the wood, she listened at the door of the spare bedroom. No sound came through. Beatrice must've been fast asleep. Feeling a little bit more confident that whatever Ben had planned wouldn’t be interrupted, she keyed in the code to his study. The lock clicked. She twisted the handle and pushed the door open.

Butterflies fluttered in her belly, her shoulders tightening with nervous tension. It was her first time in this room alone. She paused, taking in the sight and scents, letting it soothe her.

She loved the sanctuary of his study. It smelled of wood, leather, cigars, and Benjamin. The wall behind his large solid mahogany desk was lined with wooden shelves stacked full with books—old and rare out-of-print hardbacks as well as newer ones.

The chair was covered in the softest dark brown leather that matched the two-seater sofa leaning against the opposite wall. Above the sofa was another canvas painting of a family of wild lions relaxing on the Serengeti landscape. The outer wall was nothing but a double-insulated glass sliding door leading to the balcony that ran around the side of the building. The view was unobstructed with clear sight of the River Thames and Chelsea Bridge.

Blue sky and bright sunshine drew her to open the door. The faint sounds of a train moving along the tracks and the cars in the distance were carried in the brisk wind. Though the sun was out, the wind held a slight chill. She closed her eyes allowing the sunrays on her face for a few brief moments. Taking one final breath of crisp air, she slid the door shut and locked it.

Her nerves more settled, she returned to the chair behind the desk, picked the phone and dialed Ben's number again. He answered it at once.

"Lock the door and take the robe off," he said without preamble.





Chapter Three



To say that her heart was racing would've been an understatement. After an initial leap as if it would have exited her throat, the vital organ pounded against her chest with the force of excitement.

With knees threatening to buckle, Selina swayed to the door and secured it, ensuring that her sister-in-law couldn’t walk in on whatever Benjamin had planned for her.

She returned to the desk, the soft wool of the carpet cushioning her bare feet. At the desk, she removed her robe, folding it neatly the way she knew Benjamin preferred and leaving it on the chair. While she was happy to remove her clothes and toss them aside, Benjamin preferred a tidy environment. And she'd learned to please him by adopting his style.

Even now, knowing he wasn't here, she still did it anyway because it made her feel as if she was in his presence. And he would keep her safe regardless of the physical distance between them.

She picked up the phone where she'd left it on the table.

"I've done as you instructed," she said, glad that her calm voice hid her trembling excitement.

"Good girl," he said.

Approval. She'd pleased him. A warm glow bloomed in her chest, cheery and bright, curling her lips in a happy smile.

"Now, put the phone on speaker and leave it on the desk."

When Benjamin was in this mode, his voice acquired an intense, thick quality like a baritone. The fierce and vivid cadence washed over her, mesmerizing her into compliance, the sexiest thing she'd ever heard. Inside her body mellowed, liquid surging within her core.

She obeyed and stood back, waiting for his next instruction. This was exactly what she loved. The freedom to just be and enjoy this lull in their otherwise hectic existence without guilt or scorn. She didn’t have to think about a thing, just followed his commands, knowing that she pleased him by doing so, also knowing that he would fulfill her needs.

It was always an exchange, his command for her obedience, his pleasure for her fulfillment.

"Stand in front of the desk and present yourself."

A frown creased her forehead, and she paused, her analytical brain kicking in. Benjamin wasn't there. He couldn’t see her through the phone. So how could she present her body to him when he couldn’t see her?

She stared at the phone about to state the obvious but bit her lower lip instead. The rules meant she couldn't talk unless asked a question that required a response.

"Do I need to repeat myself?"

How did he know she was hesitating?

"No, Benjamin."

Unnerved and with a quick glance behind as if she was expecting him to be standing there, she stood in front of the desk, back upright, shoulders squared, chest pushed out, her arms behind her back and feet shoulder-width apart, holding her body still the way he'd taught her.

"Turn around, slowly."

Strange. Still, she did as he instructed, heat sweeping over her body. In her mind's eye she pictured his all-seeing gaze on her. Tingles spread as she came to stop facing the desk again. He clit pulsed, aching with arousal. She wanted to pull her legs together. Knowing it would be going against Benjamin's wishes, she didn't.

"Take the clip out of your hair."

How did he know she had a hair clip on? Her gaze swept the room, searching. She couldn't see anything that looked like a camera. Despite the intrusion, the notion of being watched by Benjamin had her womb clenching with exhilaration.

Standing naked in front of anyone else would kill her. Humiliate her. Strip away the dignity she'd fought to regain since the attack that resulted in her scars. Her husband knew it. He'd never allowed anyone else to catch a glimpse of her bare body. She pictured him sitting at his office desk watching her via a video feed.

Was it intrusion since he owned her body? Was he sitting alone in his office playing with his massive erection while watching her naked?

"Do you want to say something, Selina?" He sounded amused.

"Can I ask a question, please?"

"I will answer any questions you have later. But for now you are to simply obey me."

She bit her lip, her frown even more pronounced.

"If you want to stop, you know what to do," he added in a matter-of-fact tone.

If she stopped the session, then he would have to answer her questions. It would also mean giving up any thrill or release she would've gotten out of the session. She'd gotten angry with him earlier because she'd thought he was abandoning play day. If this was his way of making it up to her, she couldn’t miss the opportunity.

Letting out a sigh, she unclipped her hair and allowed the thick untamed dark tresses to cascade down her shoulders and back.

"I don't want to stop."

In this moment, he was in charge, and she trusted him to keep her safe.

"That's your second display of insubordination today. Anymore and I will suspend the rest of play day until I've punished you appropriately. Are we clear?"

"Yes, Benjamin," she replied, her head tilted down, her gaze glued to the clawed feet of the mahogany desk. One thing was certain, she couldn’t afford to screw up or get any more demerits than she already had coming to her.

"In the bottom right hand drawer of the desk, there's a small bag. Go and retrieve it."

Without hesitation she walked around the desk and bent to open the drawer.

"There's nothing more beautiful than your ass exposed to me like that, except your pussy. But I'll get to that in a moment."

A shocked gasp escaped her lips. He could see her! She lifted her head.

"Be still, beauty. I want to look at your lovely plump behind."

She remained bent over, her hands now propped on the desk top, shaking with both excitement and fear.

He's watching me! How?

"I love looking at it. But even better, I love touching it."

Her breath held, locked in her throat, her pulse rate increasing.

"I love the smoothness of the skin and the way it wobbles when I spank it, the way it yields to my touch, just like you yield to my command."

Her womb clenched several times as she remembered his caresses. The way he would trace the callused pad of his fingers over her bum, the firmness of his palm when it connected with her skin in a smack. She had to admit that when the spanking was for her pleasure rather than a tool of punishment, she enjoyed it.

"And your lovely tight hole … one day I'm going to breach it."

Blood surged in her veins, pounding in her ears.

"Fill you up so you won't know where you end and I begin."

Her ass clenched tight.

"Fuck you so hard, you will pass out from the sheer pleasure of it all."

Her breathing came in short spurts. There didn’t seem to be enough air in the room. Her heart was beating so hard she almost felt faint.

"Would you like that, my beautiful Selina?"

"Yes," she breathed out in a soft gasp little more than a whisper, her voice breathless, and air barely getting into her lungs.

Her head swam with all the images he'd placed in there with his words. Her mind reeled with all the possibilities. Flames of desire licked her skin. She held firm to the table afraid she would collapse on the floor in a trembling heap of arousal.

While they'd played and she'd fantasized about it, nothing more than his tongue and finger had ever touched her back entrance before. Would he fuck her there today? She turned her head to look behind her.

"One day soon, but not today," he answered her silent question, the laughter in his voice obvious.

She shivered. The intuitive way he read her was uncanny.

"Now, take the bag out and empty the contents in a corner of the sofa."

She pulled out the soft cloth black bag and straightened seductively. It was amazing how much little words of admiration could affect her confidence. Now she sashayed to the couch, releasing her inner sex kitten with every deliberate step. Knowing he was watching her and that he liked her back view so much, she bent over exposing her ass and sex again as she emptied out the bag.

"Good girl," he said. A smile played on her lips.

The items on the sofa sent her pulse racing again. There was a large silicone dildo, a transparent glass vibrator with an anal stimulator, a pair of diamond studded nipple clamps with magnetic chain links, and a white tube of lubricant.

One day, he'd presented the boxed items as a gift to her. They were for her use. Never having owned a sex toy, she'd soon discovered how much Ben loved using them on her.

"Anything that blows your overactive mind is a good gadget," he'd said then.

"Sit in the sofa. Spread your legs apart."

She did so, her body sinking into the leather, the softness stroking her back.

"As I'm not there with you, you're going to have to follow my instructions diligently. No hesitations. No coming until I say so."

"Yes, Benjamin," she whispered as anticipation and arousal fought for dominance in her veins.

"First, I want you to show me how you touch your body with your hands. Prepare yourself for me."

Sighing she leaned back on to the sofa, tilting her head back to rest on the top. Then she lifted her right hand stroking her neck downward, her skin soft and sensitive. Her left hand stroked from her belly upwards, the scars there rough and hard. The contrast in textures fueled her desire.

Carrying out his instructions meant he experienced each physical stroke and each tangible caress vicariously. She appreciated this connection they shared. It was as real as Benjamin caressing her body himself.

She palmed her breast, weighing the right one the way he did, then the other before squeezing the flesh of each with her hands. A moan escaped her lips as pleasure zinged around her body.

Rolling her nipples between her thumbs and forefinger, she tugged the tips until they hardened into points, electric vibes making her clit throb as she played with each nipple. Her womb clenched with need, and she knew she couldn’t ignore it any more.

She slid her hand down over the smooth lips of her sex she'd shaved in the shower this morning. Benjamin had always preferred her body hairless except on her head.

"I don't want anything hiding you from me. Not your clothes and not the hair," he'd said to her once. So she shaved her legs and sex every other day.

"That's right. Open yourself. Let me see that tight little bundle," he said now, his voice deep, his tone controlled. But she detected a roughness in there as well. He was aroused. Knowing how much she affected her control freak of a husband, she smiled.

Using both hands, she parted the lips, revealing her erect clitoris.

"So pink and beautiful. It's crying out for my tongue, isn't it, Lina?"

"Yes!" Her voice was breathless, a shiver running down her spine.

"Flick your index finger around it. Imagine it's my tongue tracing a circle on your clit."

She did so, and a thrill coursed through her body enhanced because she pictured her husband's rough tongue teasing her.

"That's right. I'm licking it, coaxing your clit until it's erect and swollen."

She panted, fever rushing over her body.

"Dip a finger into your pussy and show me how wet you are."

Gasping with delight, she thrust her middle finger inside her soaked channel. When she withdrew it, the digit was coated in her juice up to the second knuckle, glistening in the bright daylight.

"I love that you're so responsive to me. It is me touching you, right?"

"Yes, Benjamin. Your tongue is caressing my clit, making me wet."

"Good girl. Pick up the vibrator and fill your pussy with it. Slowly. I want to see your pussy swallow it up," he said. "Don't turn it on yet. If you need lube then use some."

Ignoring the lube, she picked up the glass sex toy. She tilted her hips up and inserted the bulbous tip, crying out softly as the cool smooth surface penetrated her.

"That's it. Push it all the way in."

She followed his words. The object widened her insides, warming as it went in, leaving her body feeling full. When it was completely fitted, the anal extension brushed against her back hole.

Her arousal spiked, her channels contracting around the vibrator though it wasn't on yet. If she turned it on it wouldn’t take long for her to climax, as her body was already wound so tight.

"With the other hand roll and tug your nipple until it is stiff."

When she obeyed, her arousal spiked again, warm blood rushing to her nipples, her nerve endings sensitized.

"Pick up the clamp and attach it to your lovely stiffened nipple."

She hesitated, staring at the clamps but not picking them up. She'd never choose to inflict pain on herself although she'd allowed Benjamin to use the clamps before.

"Do it." The depth of his tone suggested he wasn't going to allow for her to back out.

She picked the item up that looked like pincers but with flat instead of serrated edges. With shaky hands she applied it on and hissed as pain shot from her nipple.

"Breathe, Lina."

His voice calmed her, and soon the sting dulled to a bearable level turning to delicious heat.

"Now the other one."

She inhaled several breaths before repeating the process with her other nipple, rolling it with her fingers before applying the clamp. He talked her through the pain, soothing her nerves until she relaxed again.

A month ago she would have been unable to do or even accept for anyone to do that to her. Benjamin had proved his worth as a dominant man, quashing her fears.

This was progress in an unshakable form. One day she would trust him with the secrets buried in the deepest vault of her mind. And that day was fast approaching.

"Good girl. Your obedience is a gift that pleases me. You will be rewarded."

She continued breathing slowly dragging air into her lungs, the dull ache pulling her into a trance. The sound of his voice lapped at her body, a gentle ocean tide.

"As I'm not there to control you directly, the nipple clamps will act for me to keep your orgasm in check."

He knew her too well. Without the pain as a pleasurable distraction, her body was already primed to explode as soon as any stimulation hit her clit.

"Now turn on the vibrator but keep the setting low."





Chapter Four



The gentle whirring sound of the vibrator masked the devastating effect it was having on Selina’s body as she let out a long keening cry after she turned it on. The setting was at the lowest. Still, her body was already aroused. The mild pulsation teased, akin to putting a drop of water on the lips of a thirsty man in the desert and expecting that to be enough. Expecting him not to want to snatch the bottle of water and gulp down the rest.

With an orgasm so close at hand, she wanted more intensity and more friction. Her overwhelming need for release fought with her need to relinquish control, to trust Benjamin's ascendancy, knowing it could only lead to the ultimate in pleasure.

"Play with your breasts. Tug the chains when you're close to coming."

That her brain could still process his instructions was a mini-miracle. With an effort, she returned attention to her breasts, using her hands to squeeze them together, turning their throbbing ache to something deliciously decadent that joined the pleasure building in the rest of her.

Her lower body was on fire, the slow rising fever that resurrected from her sex and was now spreading up her spine, belly, and chest to heat her face.

She tugged at the magnetic chain linking the nipple clamps, and the sweep of sharp pain held back the urgent rise of her orgasm. For a moment she just lay there panting, trying to refocus her mind on the tremors in her sex and not the twinge in her breasts.

Swiftly, the tenderness and pleasure balanced out, and she remembered where she was, in Benjamin's study. He was on the phone line and watching her from a secret camera hidden somewhere in this room.

He'd been silent for a while, which was unusual. He was always active, either giving instructions or participating. She tried to imagine what he was doing on the other end.

Was he naked? Somehow she knew Benjamin wouldn’t take all his clothes off. It was more likely that he would unzip his trousers and release his erection into his large callused hand. She chose to picture him that way.

In her mind's eye, he sat in his black leather executive chair, the sleeves of his sky blue shirt rolled up to the elbows revealing strong, sinewy, tanned arms covered in golden brown hairs. His firm thigh muscles flexing in his charcoal trousers, the black belt and fly undone, his hefty shaft wrapped in his long fingers, the blunt head engorged, a pearl of pre-cum beading there.

She licked her lips, picturing her tongue swiping at the bulbous tip, tasting his seed as she knelt on the rough hardwearing carpet in his office, her body as bare as she was now. She would run her tongue along its length, licking and sucking the steel encased in satin.

Then he would wrap his hands in the strands of her hair tugging her head back before filling her mouth with his shaft. She would suck it, swallowing him up as much as she could until its head hit the back of her throat. She would work it, his body heat as well as the scent of his musk adding to her excitement, the evidence dripping down her thighs until he swelled in her mouth and let out a loud growl, spilling his cum down her throat.

The imagery she conjured up only worsened her fate. Passion took over, an urgent orgasm rising through her body, and she bit her lip.

Her hips bucked, her inner walls contracting around the vibrator as the butt piece continued to tease her hole. A tug of the nipple chain only increased the rate at which her orgasm peaked.

"Ben?" She pleaded, asking for permission, knowing she couldn’t hold back much longer.

"Now, beauty," he said, his voice husky. "Fly for me."

The words barely registered before her climax tipped over the edge and her whole body convulsed. She screamed, releasing the pent-up stress bubbling inside her mind all week. Nothing else gave her this mindless, breathless high that surpassed all else, except submitting to Benjamin. As she slumped on the sofa, her brain blanked out.

****

Benjamin's heart pounded against his chest, his blood whooshing in his ears. It took an effort to stop from panting out loud. All from watching Selina's sweet submission.

Witnessing her beautiful hard-earned compliance swelled his heart with delight. It had taken weeks of training to get to this point, weeks of patiently nurturing and enforcing patterns, of rewarding and punishing as was necessary.

Yet at one point this morning he'd thought they'd had a setback. The way she'd glared at him, her eyes burning with her fury. He'd thought she would defy him and refuse to obey his instructions. Only the months of experience he'd taken to learn her character had prevented an all-out disintegration of what they'd both achieved.

With Selina it was always about getting the right balance of carrot and stick. Too much carrot and she would get lippy. Too much stick and she would run. He'd still have to take the stick to her lovely behind for her outburst this morning. But that could wait.

For a moment, Benjamin stared at the large television screen braced on the side wall in his office. The image he'd previously zoomed into, that of his wife sprawled on the leather sofa in his home office, her dark tresses tumbled around her, framing her face, the rest of her body chocolate, bare, and vulnerable as it trembled.

As her body's spasms calmed, she seemed to rouse from the climax possessing her, eyes still closed.

Benjamin shifted in his buckskin seat, his discomfort more than just about the hard as granite erection in his trousers and more to do with the fact that he wasn't there with her.

During and after an orgasm were the most vulnerable moments for Selina. In those moments he liked to hold her, to encase her trembling body in his arms so that she would always know that he would protect her and bring her comfort.

By taking away her corsets, he'd taken away her safety net, which only left him to reassure and restrain her.

Then again watching her sprawled out like that, the diamond studs from the nipple clamps glittering, the glass edge of the vibrator sticking out of her glistening pussy, the welt and scars on her stomach exposed to view, it was a massive progress that she hadn't already rushed to cover up. A month ago she would've been pulling the robe back on immediately.

Hell, she wouldn't have even allowed him to watch her via a video feed. She was so distrustful about cameras because she never wanted to be filmed naked.

For that reason he hadn't told her there were several cameras located in strategic points in their apartment. They were there for security reasons and had been installed a long time before they'd been married. His line of business demanded that level of security. He'd bought the penthouse apartment more for security it provided than for any display of wealth.

For the last month, he'd had the video feeds disabled as he wanted Selina to get used to the environment before talking to her about the cameras.

As he'd had to come into work this morning and noticed the vehement way she'd reacted to him going out on today, he'd decided it was as good a time as any to take their relationship a step further. It had been a gamble. And it had paid off. With mighty gains.

In the last few weeks he'd managed to push her comfort barriers down one obstacle at a time. Gradually his wife was letting go of her inhibitions and starting to trust him totally. They still had a way to go yet. But this was progress. Warmth radiated from his chest.



"Lina, don't sleep off yet," he spoke into the phone speaker on top of his mahogany desk.

On the screen Selina stirred, shifting her arms and legs, but she didn't get up.

"Pull out the vibrator and switch it off."

She reached between her legs, wrapped her right hand around the flat end and slowly pulled out the glass phallus-shaped stimulator, her lower body arching. It glistened in the light, coated with her fluid. She would be sensitive from her orgasm.

"Now, the nipple clamps, take them off."

Her finger fiddled with the chains before the clamps came off, and she held them in her open right palm.

"Put the items on the table. Don't worry about cleaning them up. Just put the robe back on and lie back on the sofa."

She stood, her movements languorous, and did as he instructed. Picking up the robe from where she'd left it folded on the chair, she shook it out and slipped her arms into the fleece.

She looked so small covered from neck to toes, her vulnerability even more apparent.

"Take the phone."

Complying, she returned to the sofa, phone in hand, her eyes unfocused. Having a climax was such an intense experience for her.

"Lie down, Lina. Take a nap. I'll be here to watch over you, and I'll wake you when it's time."

"Okay," she said, her voice filled with emotion.

His heart squeezed tight as if in a clenched glove, his breath knocked out of him.

With her shoulders lifting in what seemed like a satisfied sigh, Selina drew her legs up and curled on the sofa. Her long dark eyelashes drifted on to her flushed cheekbones in a sleepy droop.

"Thank you, Ben." He had to strain to hear her whispered words before the phone line clicked off.

Without moving, he watched as the rise and fall of her chest became regular. She was asleep. This was a gift, watching her like this. That she'd trusted him enough to let him do it made it all the more precious.

Their life was moving forward, their plans in the right direction. The visa application for her brother Kaya to come and live with them in the UK was in progress. As he was the sponsor, he'd already sent documents showing that he could provide financially for the boy and Kaya wouldn’t need public funds when he came to live with them.

A tap on his office door drew his attention. He pressed the button on the remote control, blanking the screen just as Christopher Star, his long term best friend and joint business owner, strode in. They had a past linked from their time as mercenaries.

Though they'd shared most things, and Chris had introduced Ben to Selina, he couldn’t allow his friend to see Selina in this state. It was an intimacy he wanted to share between his wife and himself. What's more, it would be a misuse of her hard-won trust.

In the past, Ben had shared women with Chris. Now seeing his friend reminded Ben of Selina's request for a threesome, something he'd yet to grant her. In truth he didn't know if he could. Selina brought out the possessive side of him like no other. The more time he spent with his wife the less he wanted to share her with anyone else.

Even if their arrangement was temporary.

He pushed the thought aside. For now he had a more pressing problem.

"I came as soon as I could," Chris said when he lowered his tall frame into the seat opposite Ben. "What's going on?"

Without saying a word Benjamin clicked the mouse of his laptop. The email screen came into view. He swiveled the device around so that his friend could see the words on the page.

"Read this email."

Christopher met his gaze, concern etched on his forehead, before he stared at the computer screen. Benjamin rose from his chair and withdrew a bottle of spring water from the small refrigerator in the corner of his office.

He unscrewed the plastic metal cap and lifted the glass to his lips. Chilled water travelled down his throat, cooling his insides as well as quenching his thirst.

Though he tried not to focus on them, the words in the email came to him.

I want you to come home immediately.

He pictured Uncle Leonard dictating the words to his long-suffering secretary who'd sent the message.

"What are you going to do?" Christopher's question drew his attention.

Without looking behind Ben knew his friend's gaze was boring straight into his back. He stared out of the window of his office building located midway between Victoria Station and Vauxhall Bridge. From his window he could see the street level. Cars were sparse on the road.

"You know how I feel about going back there," Ben said, turning around.

"Well then, just reply him and say no."

"It's not that simple. Beatrice arrived from Jo'burg this morning."

"Shit. You didn't tell me she was coming," Chris said, a frown creasing his face.

His friend's surprise wasn't lost on him.

"I didn't know. I only found out this morning that she was here when she called from Heathrow."

"Bea arriving the same day you get summons from Uncle Leonard? This is just too coincidental."

Though Christopher wasn't a relative he addressed the patriarch of the Moss family the same way Benjamin did in deference to the man who had brought him up.

"You talk as if you don't know the man. This is very calculated, and Beatrice is here to make sure that I comply with his wishes. I'm sure of it."

"I don't like this at all." Christopher stood and walked to stand next to him by the window.

"On the other hand, I could do what he's not expecting and go home with Selina in tow." A cynical smile tugged Ben's face, his chest tightening with suspicion.

"Now that would be a slap in his face." Chris barked with laughter. "Can you imagine that kind of commotion that would cause? I noticed Uncle makes no mention of Selina in the email. He does know about her, right?"

"Of course he knows I'm married. He's showing his disdain by not inviting or referring to her. I'd definitely love the see the shock on his face when my wife shows up."

He tossed the empty water bottle into the little waste bin.

"Then again, I don't want Lina enduring my family stresses. She has enough on her plate already." Therein lay his conflict. Protecting his wife was as important to him as showing his respect for her.

"Fair enough," Chris said. "How much does Selina know about this?"

He flicked his hand at the laptop.

"Well, she knows that my family is in South Africa, and she's just met Beatrice this morning but not much else."

"You are going to have to tell her a lot more before someone else fills in the gaps."

"I know." Ben swiped his hand through his head, ruffling the tufts of hair, letting his inner turmoil show to the one person who knew him as well as a brother could.

Discussing his family and past left him with knots of regret in his stomach. Shame made him reluctant to share them with his wife, especially as she'd been so skittish. He'd grown to care for Selina a lot more than he'd bargained for and losing her now they were on the verge of a tangible, permanent relationship didn't appeal to him.

"Beatrice being here complicates things. She's not exactly the most discreet person on earth."

Chris's laughter resounded in the room. "You can say that again."

Some years back his sister had stumbled in on both Chris and Ben while they'd been sharing the same girl, who'd been the daughter of their cook and worked as a maid in the house. It had been on one of their breaks from active duty, and Chris usually spent it with Ben and his family except on the occasions he'd travelled back to Chechnya.

The next time Ben had returned home, he'd been fuming with rage over what he'd witnessed at the frontline of the war in Sierra Leone, only to find out the girl and her mother had been sacked.

Beatrice had reported him to their uncle who instead of putting the blame squarely where it was due—on Ben and Chris's shoulders—had meted out punishment on the girl and her family.

When Benjamin had tried to reason with his uncle, the old man had used a very offensive racist term to refer to the girl and her family. Ben's open scorn for the man he'd previously regarded as a father begun then. He just couldn’t respect a man who would treat people with such hatred and disdain.

Things changed for him forever from that moment.

Now, he was finally righting some of the wrongs from his past. There was a risk his plans could be derailed. He couldn’t let that happen.

"I'll speak to Selina the first opportunity I get," Ben said and returned to his desk.





Chapter Five



Selina woke an hour later. Benjamin had awoken her up with a phone call and informed her he would return home soon.

Instead of feeling refreshed from the nap, irrational fears plagued her mind as she tidied up. Ben had been abrupt on the phone. Had something gone wrong? Was he trying to hide something from her? Why was his sister here out of the blue?

Discomfited, she needed a distraction. Usually Benjamin took responsibility for the care of the sex toys. However when she was anxious, there was only one thing to do. Work. Keep busy.

Exiting Ben's study, she locked the door and returned to their bedroom. Using their en-suite bathroom sink, she cleaned out the sex toys, patted them dry with a towel, and left them to air dry on the counter. She would return them to the study later.

She dressed quickly in the clothes Ben had left out for her. The free flowing shape of the dress flattered her curves. She loved that it wasn't clingy since the temperature had risen. Ben always said she looked pretty in it.

A smile curled her lips as she thought about her husband. She pictured his face screwed up in concentration as he read something on the screen of his laptop or when his mind was buried in thought. Was he accomplishing what he set out to do today at work, or was he thinking about her?

A wave of dizziness passed over Selina, an ache blooming in her chest. She gripped onto the bottom bed post, swinging round to sit on the edge of the bed.

For years she'd been drifting, never at home anywhere, or giving herself to anyone fully. Until Benjamin. Until now. He'd found her—no, scratch that—he'd captured her. She wouldn’t have volunteered to be here without his brand of persuasion. Now, she wanted to stay, yearned to belong and call this place her home.

Permanently.

Drawing in air through her nose and letting it out, the realization shocked her.

When had their relationship translated into more than a physical yearning? When did she start not just wanting him, but needing him?

No! She shook her head. She didn't want to think about this. Not now. All she needed right now was to focus on what she had to do to get through the day. Since they had a guest, Ben's earlier instructions were obsolete. She had to concentrate on taking care of the needs of their visitor. Her worries would be dealt with another time.

Having made her decision, she pulled her hair into a pony tail, holding it with a hair clip and left their room.

She found Beatrice in the kitchen dressed in a red Capri trousers and a white tank top, staring into the open fridge. She must have showered. Her hair was wrapped in a white towel and her face free of make-up. Without the sophisticated attire, she appeared quite young, close to Selina's age.

"Did you sleep well?" Selina asked, keeping her tone light and cheerful. Despite their earlier run-in she was willing to move on and be polite. Beatrice was Ben's sister, after all. Still, she stood at the kitchen door, her shoulders tensed, half-expecting bad attitude.

"I did," Beatrice said but didn't turn to look at her. Her tone, however, wasn't rude. "Now I need some food."

Selina let out a sigh of relief as she stepped into the kitchen. Food she could do. Moreover, the woman looked like she needed some meat on her bones.

"I was about to make some pasta. Would you like some?" It was a little lie. But Beatrice didn't know that. Their Saturday night meals were usually takeaway ordered from their local restaurants. Sometimes Ben took her to eat out.

Since her husband wasn't home, there should be nothing wrong with her cooking instead.

"Yes. Please." Beatrice turned around, a smile making her flawless oval face even more girlish. In her left hand was a container of yoghurt she'd taken out from the built-in fridge. She shut the door and opened a drawer, removing a small spoon.

The familiar way she'd opened the white drawers and extracted the items didn't skip Selina's notice. Like Beatrice belonged here and not Selina. After all, Selina had contributed little to what was in the apartment. Okay, she'd added fuchsia colored scatter cushions to the sitting room sofas to break up the monotony of mink and mahogany. But apart from her clothes and personal items in the bedroom, nothing in the rest of the place reflected her personality.

Perhaps Beatrice had been here when Benjamin had moved in to the apartment and suggested some of the interior design. In Selina's stomach a worm curled with unease. Inhaling deeply, she pushed back the disturbing niggle.

Concentrate on here and now.

From the vegetable rack she took the items she needed to prepare the meal.

The sound of a phone beeping drew their attention. Her sister-in-law stretched across the counter and picked up the mobile on the black granite-topped island unit.

"Hi, Louisa," Beatrice said, phone clutched between her left ear and shoulder, yoghurt bowl in her hand as she walked out of the kitchen, her bare feet padding on the grey stone tiles. "Yes, I got in this morning."

Selina didn't hear the rest of the one-way conversation as Beatrice disappeared out of view, perhaps into her bedroom.

Glad to be alone in the kitchen, she shook out her shoulders, easing some of the tension there and focused on preparing the meal. Luckily she'd had her groceries delivered from their local supermarket on Thursday so she didn't have to scramble around looking for ingredients to cook with.

Still, her hands shook as she poured the fresh pasta into the pan, some falling onto the work top. This had special significance for her. It was the first time she was cooking food for a family guest in over ten years. She wanted to take her time and prepare it well. It used to be a thing of pride for her to entertain guests. She had loved hosting family and friends. But that inherent value had been robbed from her.

Now panic ate into her mind, and she hurried with chopping the vegetables. Benjamin would be home soon, and she wanted to get this right. For Beatrice's sake.

She poured some oil into the pan and turned the heat on the hob on. She returned to crushing the garlic and chopping the peppers.

When she looked up, the oil was hot and smoking. In a panic to avoid the smoke alarm from going off, she pulled the pan of the fire in a jerky movement. It sloshed over, and some of it splashed her arm.

She yelped as her skin burned. Gripping her arm with her left hand, she rushed over to the sink. Cold water cascaded over her burnt flesh, taking away some of the sting.

The pain ricocheted around her body, her heart pounding loudly in her ears. She gritted her teeth as she fought back the tears that misted her eyes.

"What are you doing?"

Benjamin's gravelly voice made her look up. He stood by on the threshold, his body filling the doorway, his lips pursed in a stern line. Her heart jumped in surprise and relief at his presence. She hadn't heard his return.

"Ben!" She couldn’t hide her breathy voice with the realization that she'd messed up the dinner and he was there to witness it. Her earlier wish for him to come home reversed. She coughed to clear the lump in her throat and didn't meet his searching gaze.

"I'm just cooking dinner," she said in a much too cheery tone and turned off the tap. "Go and welcome your sister. I'll let you know when it's ready."

Please, let him not notice the burn.

His eyebrows pulled together in a frown as he strode across the kitchen towards her.

Feigning an unperturbed exterior, though her heart pounded in panic, she pulled a sheet of paper towel out and dabbed it over her arm as if she was merely drying it.

Ben's long fingers wrapped around her upper right arm, his grip tight but not painful.

"Take the towel off." Something wasn't right with the calmness in his voice.

Compelled to obey, she reluctantly lifted her left hand with the wet sheet in it, nausea churning in her belly, her gaze fixated on a spot on the grey floor tiles.

"What happened?" There was thunder in his voice. She lifted her head and stared at his face. His grey eyes darkened to stormy clouds, the groove of creases on his face deepening with his frown.

"The hot oil splashed on my arm," she said in a weak voice as she fought back tears. There was no point attempting to hide the truth anymore.

He glanced back at the cooker and saw the still burning hob. Releasing his grip on her arm, he leaned across and switched it off before turning back to her.

"Let me see that," he said in a surprisingly gentle voice. She had been expecting anger.

She lifted her right arm so he could see it better in the overhead spotlight. A patch of skin the size of a ten pence coin was already darkening.

The sound of his growl vibrated throughout the kitchen. Tingles travelled down her spine to her core. A soft gasp escaping her lips as her insides contracted. There was something about the intensity of his response that was so damned erotic she wanted to wrap her legs around his hips while he took her fast and hard against the work surface.

"You stay right there. I'll get the first aid kit."

She watched the movement of muscles through his shirt as he opened one of the top cupboards. The fit of his dark trousers emphasized the firm buttocks and thighs inside the soft fabric. She imagined holding onto his back, running her palms along his skin. A moan built in her throat. Suppressing it, she licked her lips instead.

"Do you really think this is a good time to be staring at my behind, Lina?" His voice held reproach.

Heat flared from her neck to her face. How the hell could he have known that? She switched her gaze to the counter.

Ben placed the box containing the emergency items on it and pulled out the bottle of burn spray. Then he scooped Selina up and set her on the central island worktop. She lifted her arm as he sprayed the coolant on the spot. Eventually the painful sting mellowed.

From another cupboard, he took out a glass tumbler and filled it with fresh water from the tap. From the emergency box, he withdrew a pack of painkillers. She stretched out her left hand as he popped two tablets out.

With the water she swallowed the tablets and handed the glass back to him. He put the glass in the sink. Leaning against the counter, the skin of his hand turned white as his grip on the edge tightened. His shoulders rose and fell, and he exhaled a heavy sigh before turning to fix his intense stare on her.

"Why were you cooking, Selina?" he asked her in a quiet, even voice. Still she detected disapproval and it annoyed her. She stiffened her back.

"We have a guest, remember?" She met his gaze and held it.

He stared at her blankly for a few seconds as if he'd actually forgotten that his sister was here.

A couple of blinks later, he asked, "So? You could've ordered takeaway."

"Beatrice said she was hungry, so I decided to cook dinner. I didn't want to serve her food from a box. It's my first time of meeting her." Moreover, I don't want to give her more reasons to dislike me, as the brother's wife who doesn't cook.

"Selina, we have Saturday rules for a reason. I know you think it's all a game. But it is there for your benefit as well as mine."

"Your sister is here. That changes things"

"Perhaps. We need to negotiate those changes before they can happen. You cannot act unilaterally. This is what happens when you do."

He lifted her arm to emphasize his point, his fingers biting into her skin.

"What?" She tugged her arm back. He released it. "You're implying that I'm not capable of getting through the day without one of your rules to handhold me."

He shook his head, displeasure glittering in his eyes like amber warning signals.

"I know it seems as if it's all about what I want. But this relationship is about both your needs as well as mine. The rules are there to safeguard you."

"Really? How's that?" Agitated, Selina jumped off the worktop. Though it hurt, she placed her hands against her hips, confronting him. Earlier today he'd decided unilaterally that she was ready to have him watch her through a hidden camera.

You didn't stop him. You could have at any time.

She ignored the voice of reason reminding her she'd chosen to be watched, had gained immense pleasure from being spied upon as well as being under his command.

Her insecurities held her in their grip. No matter how much she enjoyed being with Ben, it didn't change who she was. One husband had abandoned her when she'd needed him most. This one was only going to be in her life temporarily. And she was at risk of surrendering more than her body. Her heart was at stake too!

Standing barefooted her head only came up to Ben's chest, but she stood her ground. Her vital blood-pumping organ pounded against her chest.

He paced away, turning his stiffened back and giving her some breathing space. She exhaled in relief, grateful that he wasn't towering over her in an intimidating pose.

"I know you, how much you love your work, how hard you work," he said. "You have this thing within you that pushes you, that's says it's not enough for you to give one hundred percent. You have to give extra, go beyond what's required. You want to give back, perhaps because of the people who took care of you when you needed it. And this is the only way you know how."

He turned round. Something in his intense gaze snatched her breath away.

"It also stops you from thinking too hard about your past. If you work yourself to exhaustion, when you come home your brain won't engage in thought and you can sleep ‘til the next morning and start all over again."

He took a step towards her.

"Of course what happens is that by the time you get to Friday, your brain is pretty fried and you need something to level out all that adrenaline. Otherwise your mind and your body crashes and you swing into a depression, your nightmares overwhelming you. This is why you've taken to play day so quickly. Because the alternative is much worse."

Tears clouded her eyes. She swiped them with her left hand. How could this man know so much about her when she had never verbalized any of it? She'd always thought his perceptive abilities were uncanny. But this was a whole new level. She didn't know whether to laugh or cry that he could see through to the murky depths of her soul.

"Have I said anything that wasn't true?"

A huge lump clogged her throat. Unable to speak, she shook her head turning her back to him, knowing that if she met his gaze, she would crumble into a heap on the floor.

"That's why we need the rules. To keep you safe. To stop the panic attacks. To help you cope with the fear eating away at you inside."

A sob tore through her chest. She gripped the edge of the counter and bent over to gulp in air, the truth of his word corroding her resolve. She had never admitted it to herself, but she needed the safety net their routines and rules provided. It allowed her to let go without trepidation, something she'd been unable to do for so long. While she smiled at the world and worked hard at being successful, inside she was ruled by terror. The fear of the unknown, of open spaces, of big crowds, of being attacked again.

At last she exhaled and opened her mouth to reply, but no words came out. She turned slowly letting him see the despair in her eyes. With a groan, he tugged her close and lowered his lips to meet hers, his arms circling her body in an encompassing hug.

Breaking off the kiss, he sighed and leaned his forehead against hers. She wanted to stay in his embrace, for him to carry her away into their room so they could be locked away from the world. So he could make right all that had gone wrong with today.

"Am I disturbing you love birds?"

Benjamin lifted his head, but he didn't release his hold on Selina. His sister stood at the kitchen door.

"Hi, Bea." He smiled, but Selina noticed the smile was wary.

Beatrice walked in. "Hello, brother."

Ben let go of Selina and engulfed his sister in a brief hug. She was tiny compared to him, but Selina could see the resemblance immediately in their coloring.

"You're looking well."

"So do you. Marriage seems to be working for you."

Selina almost smiled. Was the woman actually saying nice things about her indirectly?

Ben chuckled. "I'll take that as a compliment."

"On the other hand…" Beatrice looked around. "You wife promised me some pasta, but it doesn’t look like it’s gotten far with your arrival. I'm starving."

"Don't push your luck, Bea. Lina is a fine cook, but she's not allowed to cook on Saturdays. So you're going to have to wait a little for some takeaway"

"Really? Whose rule is that?" She looked from Ben to Selina. Selina suppressed a grin. "Can't you make an exception?"

"It's my rule, and there are no exceptions. You either wait for takeaway or you make your own dinner."

Beatrice pouted her lips. "You're going to make me cook my own food? I'm your guest."

"It's your choice."

Ben scooped Selina up and carried her down the hallway to their bedroom. Excited, she hid her smile, tucking her face in his chest. He kicked the door shut behind them, walked over to the bed and deposited her on it.

"You stay right there," Ben said in a dangerously low voice, his expression stern. "I need to talk to Bea. When I come back you're going to be punished for disobeying play day rules and scaring me half to death like you just did."

Her breath hitched, and her heart raced. Instead of fear, her womb contracted in expectation as he strode out of the room, his scent lingering.





Chapter Six



It took all of Benjamin's resolve to walk away from Selina and shut the bedroom door behind him. That he wanted to scoop her up into his arms and hold her tight to make sure nothing ever hurt her again while making sweet love to her was one reason. It was warring with the urge to bury his dick balls deep into her dripping wet pussy after he'd spanked her bottom raw and then fuck her so hard until she begged him to stop.

In either case, walking away was difficult, the weight of the erection straining his fly telling him he wouldn’t have lasted long inside her anyway. If he was to administer the punishment she needed with any ounce of control, then he'd have to find another way to relieve the tension in his balls before he touched her.

In the kitchen, Beatrice was leaning against a counter with the menu of their local pizzeria in her hand. A smile curled his lips. He should've known she would never cook. At least not by choice anyway. Each time she stayed in his apartment, she rarely cooked, unless you classed making a sandwich as cooking.

Back in Johannesburg, she had been spoilt by a house full of domestic servants. She'd never needed to cook.

"Luigi's is a great restaurant," he said as he started clearing up the items Selina had abandoned on the work top.

"I know that," Beatrice said, her tone still sulky.

Ben glanced up at her and smiled. "Of course you've ordered from them before. Just pick what you want, and I'll place the order. Either James or Martin will go and pick it up before the night concierge arrives."

She nodded.

He returned some food to the fridge, tossed the chopped ones into the bin under the sink and loaded the dishwasher with the empty pans.

When he straightened, his sister was staring at him with a frown on the face.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"I should be asking you that question. Why are you the one cleaning up? Where's Selina?"

He laughed. "I can't believe you asked that question. Have you never seen me cleaning up before?"

"That was when you were single. Moreover the housekeeper was here almost every day, so you didn't have to clean up the kitchen. Now you're married. You should leave the housekeeping to Selina."

He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "I like tidying up. Selina is busy with something else."

"Seriously? What could be more important than her doing her wifely duties?"

"Making me happy."

"But—"

"Trust me. She is performing her wifely duties." And more, he omitted from saying as he smiled.

"Moreover, I didn't marry Selina for her cleaning abilities." He winked.

Bea's cheeks turned a rosy red as she blushed, her lips shaped in an O. Her expression reminded him of the time she'd walked in on him and Chris with Siba. Even after ten years, she was still as prudish. Some things never changed.

"Have you decided what you want from the restaurant?" He changed the subject.

She quickly lifted the menu, happy to refocus on something else instead of the image he was sure she'd conjured up.

"I'll have the carbonara," she said and handed the menu to him.

Ben pulled his phone out of his back trouser pocket and dialed the number for the restaurant. After placing the order that included some calamari and linguine for Selina, he returned the menu to the drawer his sister had removed it from.

Beatrice pulled a bottle of wine out of the rack.

"Would you like some?" she asked.

He nodded, reaching for two wine glasses in the shelf above his head. He put them on the table, took the bottle from his sister and opened it with a corkscrew.

"How long are you in London for this time?" he asked as he poured the Stellenbosch Roussanne, a favorite from the coastal region of South Africa.

"It depends." She lifted her shoulders in a shrug and picked up a filled glass. "I've got an audition for a play in the West End on Wednesday. If it goes well, then I could be here a long time."

He smiled. His sister the budding actress. While she'd performed in a few plays in their home country, she'd always dreamt of starring in a role in the London West End. Just like their mother in her heyday.

Looking at her now she looked so much like their much loved parent.

"I'm sure you'll get the role," he said as he lifted his glass, the delicate peachy aroma filling his nose.

"We'll see." Her upper lip trembled nervously, her smile weak. "I have to get through the audition first."

"You'll be fine. You're talented." He squeezed her tense shoulder. Realizing she was more nervous that she appeared, he pulled her into his arms and gave her a bear hug. This was his kid sister. His only sister. He'd always looked out for her, though in recent years they'd lived in separate countries.

"Don't worry about it." He pulled back and stared into her grey eyes that glittered with tears. "I know I'm going to see your name up in big lights one day."

Her lips widened, and her eyes brightened as she smiled.

"You always say that to me."

"That's because it's true."

He pulled her to the tall stool. When she hopped on, he pulled another one and sat next to her.

"You're going to be more famous than Mama was."

Their mother, Elizabeth Seagraves-Moss, had been a world famous actress who had starred in leading roles in plays as well as movies. From the time Beatrice learnt to walk and talk, she'd always wanted to follow in their mother's footsteps.

The sound of Beatrice's weary sigh floated in the air.

"I do miss her a lot," she said.

"So do I, sis. So do I," he said in a somber tone, his voice gruff.

"But you know Mama. She wouldn’t have wanted us to mope around. So how about we say a toast to me landing this role?"

"Of course." He lifted his wine glass. "Here's to Beatrice Moss, the new West End star."

She laughed as they clicked their wine glasses together. "Cheers!"

They sipped the wine in silence for a few seconds. It wasn't awkward, but he knew his sister was waiting for him to talk about their uncle.

There was no better time than now.

"So how is Uncle doing?"

She looked at him, her face scrunched up in a frown.

"Do you really want to know?"

"Of course I do. I wouldn’t ask otherwise."

"He misses you."

A bark of laughter exploded from his lips. Good thing he hadn't just taken a sip of his wine. Otherwise she would've had a wine shower.

"If I believe that—"

"It's true. He doesn't show it outwardly, but I know he does."

Ben shook his head. "That man doesn't need anyone. He wouldn’t know how to miss anyone."

Beatrice's jaw tightened, her eyes saddening.

"You know the two of you are so similar. So stubborn."

"I'm nothing like that man." He stood up and walked away from the table. Swiveling he faced her again. "He sent me an email—no, a summons—to return to Jo'burg."

She nodded.

"You know about it."

Her chest heaved as she inhaled deeply. "Yes, he told me."

"Why?"

Frown lines appeared on her otherwise smooth forehead. "Why what?"

"Why does he want me home now? He's never bothered before."

"He never bothered before because he thought you'd come home sooner. But you've moved on." She paused. "And now, you've married. He's not happy about that."

"Ha! Like I didn't know that already."

"You should have seen him. For days after you called to tell him about your wedding, he walked around like an angry bear snapping at everyone."

"Nothing's changed there then," he said.

"I'm serious. This time it's different. There's something not quite right about him. I…" She trailed off.

"What? Spill it, Bea. What's going on?"

"I think he's sick."

He pursed his lips and lifted his glass of wine. "Fine. I'll pay for him to be treated. I don't have to see him."

He turned around ready to walk out of the kitchen door.

"He's dying, Ben. I think Uncle's got cancer." Her voice sounded choked.

He froze, his heart skipping a beat. Slowly he turned around. Beatrice watched him with a film of tears in her eyes, glistening and ready to fall.

Regardless of how he felt about their uncle, his sister loved the man like a father, and Leonard treated her like his little princess, spoiling her.

"Are you certain?"

She lifted her shoulders letting it hang in the air for a couple of heartbeats.

"I'm not absolutely sure, but he's been seeing a doctor although he says it's for nothing serious."

A tear rolled down her cheek.

"Bea, that man is as strong as an ox. It'll take more than a little illness to kill him off," he said. They'd often joked that the old man would outlive them.

She smiled weakly.

"What if it's something more serious? Promise me, Ben." She stared at him with doe eyes."Promise me you'll go and see him and resolve this thing between both of you."

He waited the pulse of several heartbeats before responding. This obviously meant a lot to his sister. Although he didn’t think the old man was any closer to the grave than the rest of them, finally burying the hatchet between the two of them was a good enough motive to visit his old home. For the sake of his sister and his new wife.

"I promise. I'll go and see him."

"Good." She jumped off the stool. "Now, they better hurry up. I need food before I can go partying."

He raised one eyebrow, half-amused. The rate at which she recovered was too rapid.

"What?" she asked, smiling at him innocently. "I'm not going to spend a Saturday night stuck indoors. I'm in London. This doesn't happen very often."

He laughed. "Oh, you are too good. So all the dramatics about uncle was put on."

She raised her hand to her chest and feigned offence. "As if I would. He is really sick, and knowing how stubborn you can be, I had to exaggerate things a bit."

He frowned at her, feigning anger. "You know I don't like being manipulated."

"I'm sorry, but you've promised to go visit him. You can't renege on your promise."

She was right. He never went back on a promise.

"Fine. But don't ever pull that stunt again."

"I won't." She stood on tiptoes and kissed his cheek. "Thank you."

She headed for the door. "By the way, Louisa is coming over."

He stared at her blankly.

"You know, my friend that fancies you?" she smiled sweetly.

"The same one who crawled into my bed the last time?"

"Yes. She's disappointed that you're married. She's willing to crawl naked through the streets if you tell her to."

She laughed and disappeared through the doorway.

Ben shook his head. His sister's words conjured up an image of the only woman he wanted crawling around naked for him. His wife. And she was awaiting him in their room. His pulse quickened. Time for some fun.

He should really leave her alone to think about the implications of what she'd done. At least until dinner time. But he wanted to see her. And why should he deny himself? Selina was the one being disciplined, not him.

He picked up the bottle of wine and a single glass, walked to the living room. From the sideboard he withdrew his cigar case and took one roll out and stuck it into his shirt pocket.

On the way back to his bedroom, he knocked on Beatrice's door. She opened and stuck her head out.

"Listen out for the buzzer. The concierge will bring the food up. Get started. Selina and I will eat later."

She nodded and retreated. He walked down the hallway to the far door. His heart was already galloping at the anticipation of what would happen once he open the door.

Twisting the knob, he pushed the door open. His heart skipped several beats at the sight before him, his half-awake erection roaring to life. His grip on the wine and glass tightened to stop them from slipping.

This woman will be the death of me.





Chapter Seven



A rush of cool air from the air-conditioner in the hallway washed over Selina's bare skin like a rolling wave. A rash of Goosebumps skittered down her arms. Her shiver wasn't from the draft that had entered the room when the door opened. Rather it was from anticipating the man who now stood blocking the light filtering in from the hallway.

She swallowed the lump in her throat as her hands, which were clutching each other at her back, trembled. Nothing else filled her with a mix of excitement and trepidation like Benjamin's imposing presence, especially when she didn't know what lay ahead.

Wool pile scratched the taut skin on her knees. She itched to adjust her posture. But she remained still, her gaze fixed to a spot on the carpet she'd chosen earlier as she knelt on the bedroom floor, her hair loose and flowing down her back like he liked it, her body stripped of her clothes, bare to the gaze of her husband whose face she couldn’t see, but whose presence she felt to the core of her being.

Her heart thumped in her chest. She wanted to apologize for going against his wishes, for disappointing him, starting with her bratty attitude this morning when he'd announced he was going out to blatantly disregarding one of the rules she'd agreed to.

She could never offer herself to any other man the way she offered her body to Benjamin. She knew that now. In that sense, he was the Master of her body.

She sucked in her breath and blinked several times as her eyes stung with the realization. Her stomach tightened.

Truth was, her heart wasn't far behind. She would offer it to him if only she could trust that he felt the same thing for her.

He cared about her. That much she knew. The way he'd stood up for her with his sister had warmed her heart. Now she wanted to reward him the way she could. With her whole-hearted submission.

She should've trusted that he would fulfill his pledge to her always. She needed to learn to give her total trust to him.

She wanted to tell him all this—to share what was in her heart. But words always failed her.

So instead here she was, bare and on her knees, in a pose she hoped conveyed her remorse and capitulation more than any words she could conjure. Between her lips was the black leather paddle. She took shallow breaths through her nose, silently counting to stay calm. Yet every fiber of her body, every pore, every nerve-ending was tuned in to the man who still stood by the doorway.

He didn't say anything.

Was he angry at her? Pleased? What? She wanted to look up and see his expression. But that would negate the purpose of her actions.

She was presenting herself to him, ready for his authority, whichever form it took be it chastisement or enjoyment.

After what seemed like an eternity but was only a few seconds, Benjamin strode across the room. The door clicked shut. His dark trousers and polished shoes came into view and disappeared behind her. He still didn’t say anything. His spice surrounded her. She inhaled deeply, comforted by his familiar scent.

Soft hissing, a flow of warm air, and the chug of a train in the distance informed her that the balcony door was opened.

Fabric rustled. Foam sighed. Wood creaked. She pictured him sitting in his favorite chair, an antique red upholstered Victorian armchair he sat on to smoke his cigar on the balcony.

Glass tinkled and thumped on a dulled surface. The scratch and sizzle of a match and a sucking sound told her he'd lit a cigar.

"Come here." The quietly spoken words were at a baritone level that had her core vibrating.

Selina lifted her head and looked in the direction of his voice. As she'd imagined, Benjamin sat in his chair on the balcony puffing on a cigar. Beside him on the low mahogany table was a bottle of wine and a glass half full. Behind him the horizon was a mix of purples and orange above the roofs of the houses across the Thames as the sun descended for the night.

She hesitated as she grabbed the foot of the bed so she could stand. Though they had no neighbors on this floor or above to spy on them, if someone had a pair of binoculars they could watch from the bridge or one of the houses across the river.

"Crawl to me," he said, the gentle depth of his voice irresistible, his gaze connecting with hers and never wavering.

She sucked in a sharp breath. He really meant it. Somehow the way he stared at her encouraged her. She placed her palms on the carpet and started crawling. She pictured the grace of a cat as it padded across the floor and mimicked its movements.

Having Benjamin's mesmerizing gaze on her naked body boosted her confidence. Her movement improved, becoming fluid. She felt sexy. Hands first, she stepped into the balcony and stopped in front of Benjamin, still on her hands and knees, awaiting his next command. The slab of stone that made up the balcony floor was hard and cold. She ignored the discomfort and focused on the man in front of her, for whom she would do anything. The thought sent warmth spreading over her body and her heart clenching.

For Benjamin, she would endure most things.

Chair creaking under his weight, he pushed to his feet and walked back into the bedroom. Selina kept her gaze riveted to the spot he'd just moved from. She didn't want to look around her. If she did, then the panic simmering in her veins would boil over and she would run. For once, she wanted to do this right without panicking.

Keeping her gaze fixated on the chair kept her grounded on Benjamin. She could imagine he was the only one who had eyes for her, the only one watching her.

He returned, tossing a brown, velvet cushion on the floor beside her. He sat back in the chair.

"Kneel on the cushion."

She adjusted herself on it, glad for his consideration. Her breasts jutted out as she folded her arms at her back, her thighs spread open, the way he liked her to present her body to him. Whether it was from the breeze or Benjamin's accessing gaze, her nipples tightened into points, cream running down her thigh, her skin flushing with heat.

How she wished he would touch her! A gentle pat of his hand on the head, a brush of his sensuous lips against hers or a thrust of his fingers into her sex, she wasn't really fussed as long as she felt a physical connection to enhance this emotional connection she currently shared with him.

Placing the cigar on the marble ash tray with one hand, he leaned forward, the other arm outstretched, palm open and upward. Opening her mouth, she allowed the paddle to drop into his hand.

"What's the paddle for, Selina?" he asked, his tone amused.

"You said I was going to be punished."

"I said? And why should you be punished?"

"I've been bad, Benjamin. I disobeyed our rules and ended up burning my arm. I have no rights to mark my body without your permission."

"Yes, your body is mine. And you've earned this punishment. But you don't get to decide how I punish you, Selina. Do you understand why?"

"Yes, Benjamin."

"Tell me."

"On play days, I have no decision-making powers, except the choice to participate or not. If I choose to participate, I'm simply to let go and obey, trusting that you know the best for me."

"Good girl."

He put the paddle on the table beside him and picked up the cigar again. He took several puffs, the smoke curling upward, marking the air with his presence. She knelt there content and happy to finally be with him after they'd spent the whole day apart.

There was something calming about watching him smoke, although she didn't like the fact that he did. She was a pharmacist who worked in a busy London hospital. She'd seen the effect of smoking on patients. But she accepted it as a quirk of his. And prayed that there was no damaging effect on his body. There were cases of smokers who didn't contract lung cancer. She hoped her husband would fall into that category.

They stayed like that for several minutes. She forgot about the world around them, only reminded occasionally by the odd hoot of a car horn or rumbling of a train on the tracks. The shadows deepened. Soon the only light was from the smoldering ash at the tip of his cigar and the light filtering through the curtains from a dimmed lamp in the bedroom. Benjamin must have turned it on when he'd gone into the bedroom to collect the cushion.

Returning the cigar to the ash tray, he shifted in his chair.

"Unbuckle my belt," he said.

Glad for an opportunity to touch him, she rushed to do his bidding. Her hands trembled as she grabbed the metal buckle and unclipped the leather belt from it. She held each end in her hands.

"Now the fly, unzip it."

She stared at his fly. The bulge beneath appeared huge, and her eyes rounded. While she'd had some relief today, she knew Benjamin had an iron clad control and only ever climaxed when he wanted, which was usually while he was inside her.

She placed her hands on his thighs, the muscles beneath toned and hard.

"No hands, Lina. Use your mouth."

No hands? She raised her gaze and saw his eyes glittering with a quiet amusement. He nodded. Leaning in, she used her lips to move the flap of fabric covering the zipper. The metal was hard between her teeth as she tugged it.

Perspiration coated her back. She sucked in shallow rapid breaths. The woody tobacco scent of him filled her nostrils increasing her arousal. The gritty sound of the zipper coming undone increased her anticipation.

Eventually she got it lowered. Beneath his black boxer briefs were stretched.

She looked up again and licked her lips. He'd said no hands, so it would be difficult to get to his erection without his help. However, he hadn't told her to do anything else. So she waited.

He lifted his right hand from the arm of the chair and slid it inside his trousers. When his hand came out it was wrapped around his shaft. She was so eager to get it in her mouth; she looked up at him again.

With a nod of approval from him, she leaned in, flicking her tongue out around the smooth tip.

The sharp hiss of his indrawn breath coaxed her, and with his hand on the base of his length, she continued her exploration with her mouth, licking, kissing, and caressing it with all the attention she could give. The bundle of muscle and nerves felt like velvet steel on her tongue and smelled of musky sex.

She continued her attention, worshiping his dick as much as she could without her hands. His light grunts increased in pace.

"Enough teasing, Lina. Open up."

She smiled knowing she had affected him. One of the perks of being on her knees was the sounds of pleasure her husband made. Fulfilling his need delighted her.

She opened her mouth. Benjamin wrapped his fingers into her hair, gripping the strands and guiding her lips over his length. He bobbed her head up and down as her mouth slid up and down over him. When she'd mastered the rhythm, his hold on her hair loosened a little, and she worked her mouth over him.

He slid in and out, a smacking sound filling the air as the tip hit her throat. She sucked her cheeks in and puffed, mimicking the way he puffed on a cigar.

"Oh, Lina."

She glanced up, and Ben had tilted his head back to the top of the chair, his left hand gripping the arm of the chair. The whites of the knuckles showed through as she knew he fought for control. But in this battle she intended to win.

Break his control, just once, a devil on her shoulder whispered.

Her husband was king of control, and just as he used his hand on her hair to control her movements, slowing her down when she got too fast, she added another dimension to wrest that from him.

Her body was already buzzing with her arousal, so she pulled her thighs together, squeezing them for some relief but didn’t get much. She started humming in her throat, using the extra vibrations around Ben's erection to push him closer to the edge.

A loud groan erupted from Ben. He yanked her head off his length just as an arc of semen shot over her face and chest, marking her body in white cream. A sense of satisfaction rolled over her body, but she stopped from actually smiling until she could see his expression.

He lifted his head. Relief washed over her as she noted his lips curled up in smile.

"You're a troublesome girl, Lina." The harsh edge to his words was softened by the twinkle in his eyes.

She licked the bit of cum around her lips but left the rest on her body. She loved wearing his mark. It made her belong, and emphasized his possession.

Taking a handkerchief out of his trouser pocket, he cleaned himself up, and tucked his length away.

"It seems you're very determined to be paddled. I'm going to enjoy tenderizing your beautiful ass."

She tilted her head down, hiding her smile behind the dark tresses of her hair. She knew that pushing him and trying to take charge of blowing him would earn her a chastisement. And somehow she looked forward to it.

"Stand up and hold onto the railing."

She stared at him wide eyed, fear seeping into her body for the first time this evening. Was he really going to do this now? Outside? In public view? It was one thing to kneel naked and give him a blow job. Her body was obscured at that level, and the only way to see her was from above, which was impossible without a helicopter or from the roof.

But if she stood then people could see her from the street!

"You're going to be a good girl and take your punishment like you deserve. And you are my good girl. Aren’t you, Lina?"

"Yes, Benjamin." Her voice was breathless as her throat suddenly constricted and her skin flushed.

When he spoke to her like that, she couldn’t resist him, despite her own fears. Pushing off the floor, she stood, held onto the railing and shut her eyes.

The chair creaked again, and she felt his warmth on her back although he wasn't touching her.

"Open your eyes and look at the world at your feet, Lina."

His warm breath whispered on the skin of her neck, making it prickle. A tremble travelled down her spine. Compelled, she lifted her eyelids. The Chelsea Bridge was lit up with bright amber and white lights in the distance, cars rolling along in either direction. Across the river, the trees on the embankment obscured her view. She surmised that if she couldn’t see the people walking along the pavement, then perhaps they couldn’t see her either.

"You know I would give you the world, if only you would trust me." He continued, his low voice turning her insides into mush. Her breaths came in short pants as she fought to control her feelings.

"You're getting twenty. Ten for this morning and ten for this evening," he whispered before biting the soft lobe of her right ear. She let out a soft gasp, more fluid dripping down her thigh.

"Count them out."

Thwack. Leather connected with the soft flesh of her right bum. An ache bloomed. She bit back the yelp, using her breathing to ease out the sting until it settled low in her belly.

"One," she whispered in a hoarse voice.





Chapter Eight



Two things surprised Selina as she sat naked on Benjamin's lap on the balcony, his large frame encasing hers, a cocoon of warmth and male spice. His hand caressed her back from nape to spine tail, his voice whispering soothing words in her ears, her behind raw and enflamed.

First, she'd stood at that railing as instructed by her husband, her gaze riveted at the river below watching the ebbing and flowing of the murky water, and she hadn't panicked for one moment.

Her brain had finally figured that even if someone could see them up here, all they would see was the silhouette of a couple standing on the balcony. They wouldn’t be able to see exactly who it was or any details.

Secondly, she hadn't broken down into a pile of sobs and cried like a baby. She'd stood there counting out every thwack, every thud, her body jolting from the impact, her face flinching at each contact and yelps escaping her lips. But she hadn't cried.

And she wasn't sure why? Perhaps it was because he hadn't held her across his lap this time. Whatever the reason, a new level of satisfaction bloomed in her chest. This was a huge step for her and their relationship. Her bum was tender. But she was happy.

Using a soothing salve, he'd gently massaged it into her sore backside taking some of the sting of the paddle away. It would still ache for a day or so.

Lifting her up, he carried her into the bedroom and placed her on the bed. The bulge in his trousers looked painfully huge. He must've seen her staring as he chuckled lightly.

"As much as I'd like to make love to you right now, you need to eat. And so do I."

He walked to the bathroom and came back with the toweling robe. He opened and held it up.

"Oh." She frowned, hesitating. "I need you, Benjamin."

"I know. Food first. I also need to talk to you. Something came up."

The tone of his voice indicated it was something serious. She stood from the bed and walked to him, her earlier unease returning.

"What is it?" she asked as she slipped her arms into the sleeves of the robes.

"We'll talk at the table," Ben said, his breath warm and tickling her neck as he wrapped the robe around her front and tied the sash for her.

His arms squeezed her body in a hug that was both comforting and tender. When he released her he took her hand.

"Come on." He tugged her, and she followed him out.

She went into the dining room to set the table while he went to the kitchen. He came back with the boxes of food still in the warmer. He placed them on the table. She transferred the food into the dishes.

He sat at the end of the table, and she sat in the first chair on the right side. Silently they ate for a while. She enjoyed this part of their Saturday ritual as much as she enjoyed the rest. This quiet companionship, watching each other attentively, listening to the sound of their heartbeats and crockery, it was soothing. He'd said he wanted to talk to her, so she waited until he was ready to say what was on his mind.

"I got an email today."

"An email?" She snorted. "Welcome to the twenty-first century, caveman."

His warm laughter echoed in the room. "Hey, trouble. Be quiet before I go all caveman on you."

She covered her mouth, stifling her giggles. "Okay. Sorry. Who was the email from, and what was it about?"

He eyed her for a minute and continued. "Uncle Leonard sent me an email. Well, his secretary did. I'm being summoned to Johannesburg."

"Summoned?" She resisted the urge to laugh. "Does anybody in your family know how to ask anything nicely?"

He raised one curved brow in a mix of surprise and warning.

"Anyway, that aside," she continued. "Why is he summoning you?"

"The email didn't say much, but Beatrice seems to think he is unwell."

"Oh … then you have to go and see him."

He stayed silent, just watching her.

"What is it about your uncle that sets your teeth on edge, Ben? Talk to me."

"He is a mean and vile man. Sometimes I wish he wasn't my uncle."

He took a sip from his tall glass of water before continuing.

"My father died when I was a little child, and Beatrice was no more than a baby. As a boy I looked up to Uncle Leonard as a father figure until I saw him for who he truly was—a bully who preyed on the weak. He's a man you don't want to cross. He crushed those who opposed him with his army of mercenaries. When we weren't busy fighting for those he wanted in power, we were fighting his personal wars. Walking away from him and my family legacy was one of the hardest things I did."

His voice roughened with emotions. She'd never heard Benjamin this agitated before. Reaching across, she covered his right hand with left one, offering comfort.

"I told you my uncle and I haven't been getting along for a few years."

"Yes, but you didn’t say why."

His Adam's apple bopped as he swallowed.

"Years ago when I lived in South Africa, I had a thing for this girl whose mum used to work for us."

Her disquiet rose. She withdrew her hand from Ben's.

"Was it serious?" She feigned nonchalance, but her chest constricted at the idea that Ben had loved someone else.

"I was a young man, and Siba was a really nice girl. In those days, I had these wicked urges, and she was the only one who could handle them, who understood them."

Selina gripped the seat of her chair tightly. It was one thing to find out that Benjamin liked another girl but quite another to know that they'd had the kind of relationship she now shared with him.

Jealousy roiled in her belly, rising to her throat and leaving a bitter taste on her tongue.

"So what's it got to do with your uncle?" she asked, wanting to move the story along so she didn’t have to hear anymore about his great relationship with the girl.

"Bea saw me with Siba and Chris once and told my uncle, who sacked the girl's mother and sent them away."

She had stopped listening after she heard Chris.

"You mean you and Chris slept with the girl?"

"In those days, we went as a double act." She should've read meaning into the curious stare he gave her. Yet all she could picture in her mind was Ben and Chris with this girl, inflaming her jealous rage.

"Anyway, that's hardly the point."

"What is?"

"I confronted my uncle about sending her away, and some things he said about her were very unpalatable. And I know he doesn't approve of my marriage to you."

"He hasn't even met me."

"That doesn't matter to him. He is a dinosaur who believes in preserving the purity of the white race. He thinks I married you as revenge for Siba."

"What? You mean your uncle is a racist."

"That's why we fell out."

"And now you've married me to get back at him."

She pushed back her chair.

"Selina, wait. I—"

"No. I won't. I don't want to hear any more."

She pushed open the door and stormed out. It took all her willpower not to bang the door shut.

How could Benjamin not tell her something this crucial before he married her? Of course she wouldn’t have married him if she'd known her in-laws would turn out to be card-carrying members of the Aryan nation.

She walked to their bedroom and locked the door when she got inside. She needed some space to think. Words, images swirled in her mind, threatening to blow the lid off the tightly sealed cauldron of her past.

In the bathroom she turned on the shower and stepped under it. It was a quick wash before she got out and dressed in a pair of black jeans and white t-shirt. She wasn't going to wear what he wanted her to wear today. She'd effectively called an end to play day. She was brushing out her hair when there was a knock in the door.

"Ben, I don't want to talk to you right now," she said.

"It's not Ben. It's Beatrice." The reply came.

"Oh, hang on."

She unlocked the door. Ben's sister stood in the hallway. Selina peeked out but didn’t see Ben.

"Can I talk to you for a minute?" Beatrice asked.

"Sure. Come in."

She moved aside so Beatrice could walk in. Her sister-in-law strode to the bed and sat on it.

Selina shut the door again.

"I'm sorry, but I heard the two of you arguing and now Ben is sitting in the living room, looking like a storm is about to hit him. I hope I wasn't the reason you were fighting."

"What do you care anyway?" She really wasn't in the mood to suck it up any more.

"Look, I know we didn't exactly start off on the right foot. But Ben is my brother, and I love him. And it seems you make him happy."

Beatrice's words earned her a reprieve, and Selina bit back from laying into her. She sighed.

"The argument wasn't about you, if you must know."

"Then it must be about Uncle Leonard. Don't let him come between the two of you. I know Uncle Leonard isn't exactly everyone's cup of tea. But he just needs to adjust to the fact that Ben has changed and is married to you."

"Hang on a minute. What do you mean by Ben has changed? Changed from what?"

"You should know this already since you're from Sierra Leone. Isn't that where you two met years ago?"

"No. I only met him last year." Selina frowned; the earlier niggle returning to prick her mind. There were still missing pieces to the Benjamin jigsaw puzzle. "I mean, I know he's mentioned he's been to Sierra Leone, but we didn't meet there."

"Okay. When he worked for my uncle, he was sent to Sierra Leone as a mercenary. Uncle Leonard is one of the biggest arms dealers in Africa. Anywhere there's a war in Africa, you can be sure Moss PLC has supplied half of the weapons. And he has his own army, which Benjamin used to be a part of. Anybody could basically pay them to fight their war for them. But when he came back he was a changed man. It was after that he had a huge fight with our uncle and moved to London. Luckily he was born in the UK, so he had a British passport and the transition was easy for him."

Ben had supplied weapons for the Sierra Leonean war? The same war that had destroyed her life as she knew it? The churning in Selina's stomach increased, and she fought not to throw up her dinner.

"Are you okay?" Beatrice asked, concern lacing her voice.

"I need to get out of here," Selina said.

Still stunned by the information she'd just received, she staggered to the closet and snatched her hand bag and shoes. Then she was walking out the room.

"Where are you going?"

She ignored the question and headed down the hallway toward the door. As she walked past the entrance to the living room she caught a glimpse of Ben with another dark haired woman she didn't recognize.

The ball of emotions inside her chest swelled, taking on gargantuan proportions. Jealousy, anger, and revulsion rolled over in one huge avalanche.

She punched the code to open the door. Her hands shook so hard and her eyes misted. The door didn't open.

"What's going on?" It was Ben's deep voice behind her.

"I don't know," Beatrice said, concern lacing her voice. "I was just talking to her about Sierra Leone, and she suddenly picked up her bag and walked out."

"Sierra Leone. Why the hell did you have to bring that up?" he snapped at his sister.

"I was only trying to help." She sounded offended.

A hand settled on Selina's right shoulder. Her body recognized the weight and warmth of Ben's touch and quickened. She hated herself for responding to him even when she shouldn’t.

"Don't—" She flinched. "—touch me."

She swiveled to face him, fiddling with the link on the bracelet on her wrist, but she couldn't undo it. Damn, shaky hands!

"You know what, take this off." She lifted her arm.

He stared at her, his gaze like lightning.

"You don't mean that." His voice was too quiet, like the calm before the storm.

"Yes, I do." She knew exactly what it meant to wear this bracelet, and right now she could not bear to look at it. "I can't wear it because I don’t trust you." The illusion it created in her mind was false. This was no safe haven for her. "And if I didn't have to wait ‘til the final decision from the home office about Kaya, I'd be chucking the wedding band at you right now, too."

His body was so still apart from the tick of muscles in his jaw.

"Take it." She flicked her wrist at him again.

Quietly, he reached out and unclipped the bracelet. It dangled from his fingers.

"You can give it to her." She nodded in the direction of the dark-haired woman. "She looks like she wants it a lot more than I do."

Selina turned around to try the door again, but a tight band of fingers gripped her upper arm.

"This is what you do best, isn't it?" Ben bit out through clenched jaws. "Running instead of facing your fears. But the truth is that you can never outrun them. They live inside you growing every day into giant monsters when you can choose to reduce them to the size of ants and crush them. But no, we can't hurt sensitive Selina."

"I'll have you know, you're not the only one hurting, Selina. But do you care? No. You've just shown me that you don't."

Mouth opened, she stood there staring at her husband livid with anger for the first time since they'd been married. He reached behind her and punched in the key code furiously. She heard the door click open.

"Go on then, run, Selina. Run, if it makes you feel better."





Chapter Nine



"Everything is going to be all right, you know," Lora said.

Selina sat on the chocolate print sofa in her old house in Finchley, a North London suburb, her head on her best friend's shoulders as she fought not to break into another bout of sobbing. Lora's magic fingers worked magic on her tense shoulders.

On arrival, Selina had already been physically sick. Her emotions raged, a stormy sea, choppy and dangerous. She raised her head.

"How's that?" she asked, her voice choked with sentiment. "First I find out I'm not as special as I thought I was to him. Then he tells me his uncle is a white supremacist. Come on!"

"And if all that isn't bad enough, if I could forgive him for all that. How can I get past the knowledge that while my family and friends were being killed, Benjamin and his family were making money from all the weapons killing them?"

"It really is a hard pill to swallow, Lina."

"To think that all this while I've been living in his apartment, bought with blood money. I can't live there anymore."

Shuddering, she covered her face with both hands.

"It's a good thing you kept your room here. You can always move back in."

Selina lifted her hands and nodded.

Lora scrunched her face up. "But what are you going to do about Kaya's visa application? You're supposed to be living with Ben. What if someone from immigration pays you a visit?"

Selina stood and paced the room. The familiar scent of cherry blossoms from the air freshener surrounded her.

"I really don't know what I'm going to do," Lina said.

Resigned, she sat down again and picked up one of the violet velvet scatter cushion, hugging it to her midriff.

"Why did I let another man con me? Stupid me. You would've thought that after everything I went through the first time around I wouldn’t let myself be deceived by another man."

"In this case, you weren't the only one who was deceived. I genuinely thought Ben loved you. The adoring way he looked at you on your wedding day, I would've given anything to have a man look at me that way."

Selina snorted. "Ben doesn't love me. He is very good at putting on an act."

"I don't know, Lina. What I saw looked genuine enough. Are you sure he hasn't moved on from his past? Perhaps that's why he fell out with his uncle."

"Even if he has moved on, it doesn't mean that he doesn't have blood on his hands."

"I know—"

A phone buzzing interrupted her. Selina reached in her bag and pulled out her phone. The caller display indicated it was her husband. She put the phone on the sofa.

"I don't want to talk to him."

Lora picked the phone up. "Do you mind if I talk to him?"

She shrugged. "Be my guest."

Her friend answered the call and put it on speaker phone.

"Hi, Ben. It's Lora."

"Hi, Lora. I take it that Selina is with you."

"Yes, she's here. But she doesn't want to talk to you."

"That's okay. I was expecting that. I just wanted to make sure she was okay. She left the apartment without saying where she was going. Since it's almost midnight, I needed to make sure she was safe."

"She's fine. Well, as fine as she can be considering."

"No problem. When she wants to talk, I'll be here. There are things I need to say to her, but I'd prefer to talk one-to-one. Anyway, whatever she decides, I will still fulfill my obligations to her."

Selina gasped, taken by surprise by his candid words.

"Selina?"

"Hold on," Lora said and put the phone on mute.

"Talk to him please, Selina."

She shook her head.

Lora sighed and un-muted the phone. "I'm sorry, Ben. She refuses to talk."

"I'm sorry, too," he replied. "Good night, Lora."

The phone line went dead.

"You know you're going to have to talk to him soon. If he didn't care as you said, he wouldn’t be calling to make sure you're okay."

"It will have to be later because I don't want to speak to him right now. I'm going to bed."

However, sleep proved elusive. She got up in the middle of the night, watching movies and eating ice cream. She couldn't keep Ben out of her mind, rolling playback on their time together.

There'd been nothing erratic about him, so perhaps it was unfair comparing him to her ex who'd been a scheming coward.

While Ben was determined, he was never manipulative. Even now curled up in bed she missed his warmth, his soothing words, and his safety.

That's it! She'd always felt safe with him. The Ben she knew could never knowingly cause harm to innocents, could he?

She needed to talk to him.

Only managing an hour's sleep, she called a taxi when she woke up just after dawn. It would be an expensive ride back to Chelsea. But, she needed to see Ben.

She showered and dressed in the same clothes she'd worn the previous evening. After a weepy goodbye to her friend, she headed back to the apartment in the taxi.

"Good morning, Mrs. Moss." Martin greeted her.

"Morning, Martin." She smiled at the man before entering the lift. In the foyer outside their front door she hesitated before keying in the lock code, apprehension knotting her belly.

Taking a few deep breaths, she pushed the door open. Silence greeted her. Slipping her shoes off so she didn’t wake any one, she padded quietly past the empty living room, toward the master suite. Ben wasn't in there, and the bed was still made like he hadn't slept in it. She wondered where he was.

Ready to go searching for him, she noticed a packed travel bag next to the bed. Panicked, she rushed back out toward the study the only other place she thought Ben might be in. Knocking yielded no response. She keyed in the code and opened it.

Her heart stopped. Classical music poured through the speakers hung on the wall.

Ben sat in the leather chair facing the wall-to-ceiling window. He didn't even bother to look at her when she entered. Though she was sure he knew it was her. With cautious steps she approached him so she could see his face.

"Ben?"

His eyes were bloodshot, his hair disheveled where he'd been running his hand through them all night. He was in the same clothes he'd been wearing from yesterday, the sky blue shirt and charcoal trousers looked rumpled.

He glanced up at her and swiveled around.

"I guess you came to pick your things. There's no need to. I'm travelling to South Africa. So you can stay here. When I come back we'll work out an arrangement that won't derail your brother's visa application."

"Ben, I…"

"Selina, for what it's worth I'm sorry. If I'm honest I feared the day you'd find out about my family because I knew it would be the beginning of the end for us. Even I find it difficult forgiving my uncle, and I chose to distance myself from him. I don't see any reason why you should forgive me."

"There are plenty of reasons. You are nothing like your uncle."

He wasn't and she hated Ben comparing himself with such a bigoted man.

"In your defense, the things you did then can be dismissed as youthful folly. And when you realized what was going on, you chose to do the right thing and walk away. A very brave move in my opinion."

He fixed his inscrutable gaze on her and didn't speak as if expecting her to say more.

"I need to explain to you why I freaked out yesterday. Can I sit down?"

"Please." He waved to the sofa.

She sat on one end, making space for him to sit, hoping he would take her hint. She didn't want him towering over her, unnerving her. Instead, he remained in his chair.

"Ten years ago I was an eighteen year old girl excited and getting ready to marry the man I loved. It was a huge traditional wedding ceremony with members of both families there."

She closed her eyes reliving that day.

"Half way through the ceremony, gunmen arrived causing chaos. There was shooting and screaming, people running, falling, wounded, and dead."

"At first I was holding on tight to Tony. He was my new husband, and he would protect me. What he didn't have in looks he made up in youthfulness and ambition. One of the militia men gave him a choice, give up your new bride or both of us would be killed."

Tears misted her eyes.

"He turned to me and said what would be the use of both of us dying. He said I should go with them, that they wouldn’t hurt me. After all I was a girl. I begged him not to, but he told them to take me. They dragged me away. From that moment I never saw my parents or brother again. I was a captive and taken to their enclave in the bush where I was kept with some other girls. I fought the men who wanted to rape me. That's how I got the marks on my body. They said if I wouldn’t cooperate, they would mutilate me and leave me for dead. No other man would ever want me."

Her tears had now been falling so steadily that she didn't see Ben get up and walk round until she felt the gentle dip of the sofa and his arms lifting her onto his lap.

She sighed and sank into his warmth and safety, giving her the strength to carry on.

"The cuts hurt badly and without proper attention got infected. I caught a fever. Next time I woke up, I was in a hospital in the city. Apparently we'd been rescued by some soldiers. I was placed in the care of an aid worker who arranged for me to come to the UK as an asylum seeker due to the extent of my trauma."

He went very still for a moment before taking a handkerchief and wiping her face. He pulled her in tightly, his chin against her head.

"The pain from the physical wounds I can live with, but what still hurts me the most is the thought that someone who professed to care about me could abandon me so easily without a fight. He was supposed to protect me, but he sold me so cheaply."

"Your ex was a coward. He didn't deserve you."

She shrugged. "I never trusted anyone after him … until I met you. With you it's been a struggle to keep my guard up. And to find out so much about you and your family's role in Sierra Leone just took me back to that bad time. I kept thinking you will do the same thing Tony did to me."

"You do know that I would rather give up my life than allow any harm to come to you," he whispered into her hair. "I love you. I think I've loved you from the moment I first saw you."

Holding her breath, she let his unexpected words sink in, her insecurities coming to the fore for a brief moment. She lifted her head and met his gaze. The intensity and warmth of his grey eyes was a sea of sincerity she could drown in. Why had she doubted him?

"Before I met you I didn't believe it was possible for me to let go and trust someone else again. But in the past few months, you've proven to me that there is still someone worthy of my trust with your honor and integrity. I'm so happy I met you. There's nothing I'd like more than to stay in this apartment, but it is tainted with blood money and I can't live here knowing what I know."

"Tainted with blood money? What do you mean?" His forehead creased in a frown.

"You family makes money from the death and suffering of innocents, including my family. You must have used the money you earned to set up your business and buy this apartment. I can't stay here."

He shook his head.

"No, Selina. When I left Jo'burg, I left with nothing. The money I earned from my days as a mercenary, I gave to Siba and her family as reparation for the distress my uncle caused them."

"Oh? I don't understand." She waved her hand to encompass everything including the apartment.

"When my mother died, she'd left an inheritance for Bea and me in a trust fund. She was an old money English heiress. She owned a small fortune in property estates. That was where I got the money to start up the security firm with Christopher. So there's no blood money here."

"Oh, that's such a relief to hear." She hugged him tightly.

"Does that mean you'll stay?"

She leaned back. "Yes and no."

"I'll stay, but first, I'm going with you to South Africa if you can wait a week so I can arrange to take the time off."

He lifted her and put her back on the sofa before standing up.

"Did you not listen to a thing I said about my uncle?"

"I did. But as you said yesterday I've got to stop running and face my fears. Since you're going to face your fears, I need to stand by you. And how else am I going to show you that I trust you completely?"

"You don't have to do that."

"I do … or don’t you want me anymore?" she asked hesitantly.

"Oh, I want you like I've never wanted anything else before. More to the point, I need you as much as I need the air around me. In our relationship so far, the emphasis has been on me owning your body. The truth is you own my heart, my very soul. Last night you shattered it when you returned my bracelet. For the first time in my life, I knew what it was to be brokenhearted."

She followed his gaze to where the bracelet lay discarded on the table.

"I'm so sorry, Ben. I wasn't thinking straight."

She slid off the sofa onto the floor and knelt before him. She fixed her gaze at his feet.

"Please put the bracelet back on me."

"No. Not yet."

Anxiety tightened her chest making her woozy. What have I done? She'd allowed her fears to take over. This was the result.

"Stand up, Selina."

She lifted her gaze, tears clouding her eyes. He scrubbed his hand over his head, messing up the unruly hair even more. With a heavy heart, she sat back on the sofa.

"The next time you wear this bracelet I want there to be no doubt in your mind that you belong to me, all of you—your body, your heart, your very soul."

She sucked in breath and closed her eyes.

"And you can't make that decision until you've been to Johannesburg and seen where I've come from. Once you know everything about me and you're certain in your heart, I will offer you the bracelet again."

Disappointed, she bit her lower lip. Without the piece of jewelry, she felt lonely and insecure. Still she accepted he had a point.

"Okay … but do I still have conjugal rights?" she asked glad that all wasn't lost.

A smile brightened his face.

"If you want them."

"I do."





Chapter Ten



"And there I was thinking I would have to tie you to our bed and tease you until you begged me to fuck you."

"You can still do that."

"Nah." He shook his head as he strode to her. "I don't have the patience for that."

He lifted her onto the table, pushed aside the contents, and kissed her. Sensation spiked through her body. His hands roamed over her, caressing every inch of her torso.

He stood between her legs, his thighs hard, and his erection pushing against her belly.

Then he took her clothes off, starting with her t-shirt, then her jeans until she was standing naked before him.

"Beautiful," he murmured, his low voice making her stomach do flip flops.

She shifted from one leg to the other.

"Don't move. I want to look at you."

Stepping back, his heated gaze swept from her face to her painted toe nails, leaving a trail of tingles, her entire body hit by static electricity. He observed every inch of her, tracing the oval shape of her face with the pad of his index finger, the pout of her lips, down to the delicate column of her neck, the taut tips of her nipples, the swell of her breasts, the rough scars on her stomach, the curve of her hips, the smoothness of her legs and back up to the hairless mound of her sex.

"Your body was created to be worshiped. Turn around."

She rotated, slowly, trying hard to quell the trembling that had erupted from her core and was now spreading through her body.

"I want to love you, cherish you, and protect you for as long as we both live."

Then he knelt before her, drawing in a deep breath as he parted her hooded flesh.

"Do you know what seeing you so wet for me does to me? Your scent is enthralling, and I can't wait to taste you."

Gasping, her breath caught in her throat.

He leaned forward, his mouth connecting with her core. The ground shifted. Her knees buckled. His grip on her hip tightened, keeping her upright as he delved deeper with his tongue.

A tremor ran through her body, pleasure rising like a fever. She clutched his shoulders, steadying herself. Nothing else compared to the sensations he elicited from her when he was touching her like this. Not the orgasm she'd had yesterday with the aid of the sex toys under his command nor even her own fingers could give her this much exhilaration.

He teased her, his tongue circled her clit, and then his teeth nipped at it. Her breath rasped in her throat when she suddenly couldn't breathe easily. Tightening her grip on his shoulders, her fingernails scraped his skin.

Gosh, she wanted him. Inside her.

His mouth continued exploring, teasing, tongue circling, probing, wriggling, teeth scraping, nipping, and lips sucking and blowing until she was mindless and her body was canting out of control.

"I … need you." She couldn't even string together a sentence. "Inside me … please."

"Not yet."

Warm air feathered her already sensitive flesh, adding to push her closer to the edge. He thrust his fingers inside her. She didn't know how many. Wet sounds combined with the rasping sound of her breathing. All she knew was that they filled her up. The combination of the friction of his mouth against her mound and his hand fucking her drove to hover uncontrollably over the abyss. She held back just above it.

Something primal within her still wanted his control, his permission. Despite everything.

"Ben?"

"Come for me, Lina."

And she tumbled, headlong, into pleasure, powerful and mind-blowing. He was there to catch her and hold her as her body jerked from shock after shock. When she came to, she tried to stand, but her body was limp.

As always he was there, thinking ahead. He stood up, scooped her into his arms and set her back on the table.

Samuel Barber's Adagio was playing, the sensual music heightening her mood.

"Later I'm going to take you back to the bedroom, tie you to it, and love you until you're sated. Then I'm going to blindfold you and feed you breakfast, so that all you have to do is focus on enjoying the here and now."

"I'd like that."

He started undoing his shirt buttons and ripped it off. Buttons flew and he tossed the shirt on the sofa. This was the first time she'd seen him toss his clothes like that. He was usually more methodical. He undid his fly, pushed his trousers down, and stepped out of them.

She'd seen her husband naked before. But each time was a little like the first time. Today he was even more glorious and powerful—from the strength of his broad shoulders to the slim line of his hips, from the cocooning qualities of his arms to the hardness of his thighs and even the now swollen erection with the tip glistening with his pearl, he was all masculine.

"But for now, I'm going to bury my dick deep into your pussy and just feel you, Lina." His voice was gruff and packed with heat just like his gaze.

"I'm not going to be slow or gentle."

"I don't want you to be."

He nodded. "Lean back on the table, anchor your body with your hands, so that it's curved up, your breasts in offering to me." His voice was so low, just above a whisper.

A part of her melted in response to his command. She needed this man. He didn't need to shout at her for her to do his bidding. His gentle whispers were enough to get her carrying out his instructions.

"Now, spread your legs. I want to make sure you're ready for me."

She moved her legs apart eager to have him between them.

"Oh, you are such a good girl. I love the way you get so wet so quickly."

He pressed his thumb on her swollen clit. She nearly jumped off the table but tightened her grip, anchored down by the thought that he wanted her there.

Gripping her hips, he positioned his hips between her legs, the broad head of his cock nudging her entrance. She held her breath in anticipation.

With one shove, he pushed in, her insides welcoming his hardness, clenching. She moved her hips to accommodate him in her tight channel, rising up to meet him. He withdrew and plunged deeper, harder.

She cried out, letting go, letting her body relax and accept his supremacy for these moments.

"Oh, Lina. You are so hot, so slick."

With one hand he gripped the back of her head in a handful of hair and tugged her forward. And then he was kissing her, his tongue thrusting back and forth, marauding, just as he started moving his hips in a similar motion.

He raised his head, locking gazes with her.

"If you let me, I will love you ‘til the day I die." His voice was gravelly with emotion.

Her heart clenched in response. She believed him. He would never hand her over to be harmed. She was back in that mindless zone again, all sensation and no thoughts. His motions drove her closer to the edge again. His thrusts were fast, hard, deep, plunging, withdrawing, taking, and giving. Driving her insane with overflowing need.

She cried out, forgetting even how to breathe, letting his body's impact on hers control her intake of air. She lifted her legs, crossing her feet over his taut butt cheek, using them as a way to feel his body since she couldn’t touch him.

Soon the wave was rising, cresting taking her to the zone where she could only think with her heart.

"I love you, Ben," she said just as she surfed the tip of the wave.

"And I love you, too, Lina. Fly for me."

How could she not? She let go and flew, knowing he would always be beside her, guarding her body and heart.

With a loud grunt he pumped his seed into her clenching channel that milked him until he collapsed on top of her. He took most of his weight on his arms instead of crushing her body.

She didn't know how long they stayed there, their harsh breathing mixing with the classical music.

He put his hands under her and carried her to the door.

"Ben, we don't have any clothes on. What if Beatrice comes out?"

He chuckled. "One thing you need to know about my sister, she doesn't get out of bed before 9A.M. at the weekend especially after she's been partying all night."

She smiled. "I think we might want to take a cue from her and get some sleep, too. I didn't sleep much last night, and it looks like you didn't either."

He took her back to their bedroom, laid her gently on the bed, and joined her in it, pulling the sheet over them as he spooned her body.

"Why did you tell me to give the bracelet to Louisa?" he asked. Soft lips brushed against her right shoulder, a warm shiver slithering down her spine, warring with the shame tightening her belly.

Burrowing into the pillows, she hid her face.

"I'm sorry," she said in a muffled voice.

Warm lips continued their journey on her back downwards, soon joined by questing fingers, creating soft brushstrokes on canvas. Awareness flared again, overshadowing her remorse.

A mewl escaped her lips, and she melted into the sheets.

"Have I ever given you reason to think there was someone else?"

Her mind was already lost in the sensations taking over her body, so it took her a few seconds to process his question and the censure in his tone.

"No. Never." Her face heated with guilt again, and she shut her eyes.

Firm fingers clasped around her lower arm as another hand tugged her until she was lying on her stomach.

"And yet you questioned my integrity in the presence of my sister and her friend."

A clicking sound. Metal bit into her wrist. Alarmed, she yanked her head up from the pillow. Sure enough, chrome cuffs linked her right hand to the bed post. Punishment cuffs! He only ever put them on her when she was about to be reprimanded for her demerits. She pulled, and the rings clanged and stayed, the metal biting into her skin. Her bum cheeks were still sore from yesterday's paddling.

She swallowed down the panic and turned to meet his gaze. Grey eyes filled with quiet confidence met hers. There was no anger. No disappointment. Was there a glint of amusement?

He stretched out his hand, palm open, waiting.

The significance of his gesture wasn't lost on her. She read his actions easily. Consistent. Reliable. Self-controlled actions.

"Your submission is a gift. It is for you to offer it freely, not something to be forced out of you or taken by force," he had told her once.

And he had never taken it. If that didn't make him trustworthy, what did?

So why do I continually fail him?

Lifting her hand, she placed it into his.

"I just didn't like the way she was looking at you." Despite her shame in admitting the truth, she felt better saying it out loud to him. "I was jealous. I'm sorry. I should've trusted you."

"You should've," he said. "I have no interest in Louisa, not now. Not ever."

He leaned down and brushed warm lips against her knuckles, straddling her. His hot, heavy erection pressed between her ass cheeks.

"The only woman I want kneeling at my feet, the only one I want to fuck and make love to, is lying beneath me right now."

Arousal flared again, dripping down her thigh.

He secured her left hand to the other post. She tested the binding again, and it rattled.

She was thoroughly secured. She swallowed again, the sound loud in her ears. Panic and desire fought for dominance in her veins.

He disappeared from view. She heard the sound of a drawer opening.

"So do you trust me now?" His deep voice resonated within her belly, a hint of uncertainty adding gravels to the sound.

Her stomach tightened, and momentarily she hated herself for putting that uncertainty into him.

"I do, Benjamin." Tears clogged her eyes and dropped onto the pillow. "I'm sorry I haven't been good enough for you." Her voice was choked.

A hand brushed her hair away from her face. Warm air whispered on her cheek before his lips pressed against her skin, kissing her tears.

"Shhh. No crying, beauty." His voice was low and velvety. "You're perfect for me."

She opened her eyes and stared at him, unbelieving his words.

"Yes, you have always been perfect for me."

"Even when I was being stubborn and disobedient?"

"Even then. I expected it." He smiled, the luscious uplift of the corners of his lips that always got her heart racing.

"A strong beautiful woman like you who hadn't trusted any man in the past ten years wasn't just going to fall to her knees for me without my working for it."

She quirked her eyebrow, allowing a smile to touch her lips.

"I'm good. But I'm also realistic. It would've been arrogant of me to expect any different from you. Our relationship is about the journey as much as it's about the outcome. Do you understand, Lina?"

A hard tap against her bare bum had her flinching. The links jingled. A dull sting spread warmth out from her right tender cheek.

"Yes, I do, Benjamin."

"Moreover, a well-behaved Lina means I won't get to do this—" he tapped the other bum cheek. Harder. She winced. "—often. It makes you vulnerable, and I'm the one who gets takes care of you afterwards."

"Why?" The word just slipped out.

His hand paused on her skin. "Don't you know by now, Lina?"

In that instant it all came flooding into her mind, suffusing her soul.

"Your reprimands are a way you show your love through your patience and self-control. Without it I don't think I would've made progress with relinquishing my fears and trusting again."

She heard him sigh. Was that relief?

"It's always my pleasure to love you in all the ways I can," he said and reached for her left hand. He released the cuff and massaged her wrist.

"You've earned yourself a reprieve. For the first time since you signed the agreement, I think you finally understand the purpose."

Relief washed over her body like a sea breeze. He also released her right hand. When he shifted his weight from her body, she sat up and hooked her arms around his neck before kissing him, injecting her gratitude into the passionate exchange.

He looked amused when she came up for air.

"What was that for?" he asked as he lay back on the bed.

"Thank you for being so understanding," she said, settling next to him, her hand on his chest, and her leg over his.

His lips brushed her forehead.

"So you didn't sleep, huh?”

"Yes, one thing I found out. I don't sleep well without you, Ben. I will happily share your bed for the rest of my life."

"And I will happily share the rest of my life with you."



The End





www.kirutaye.com





Other Books by Kiru Taye:



www.evernightpublishing.com/kiru-taye





If you enjoyed this book, you may also like:



Loved by a Roughneck by Shyla Colt



Back for More by Avril Ashton



Persuasion Skills by Laurel Cremant





Evernight Publishing



www.evernightpublishing.com





