A Hard Man to Love





by Delaney Diamond




Copyright © February 2012, Delaney Diamond Cover art by MTheresa Arts © February 2012

Diamond Press

Atlanta, Georgia

ISBN: 978-0-9852838-1-0

This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, locations, and incidents are products of the author's imagination, or have been used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, locales, or events is entirely coincidental. No part of this e-book may be reproduced or shared by any electronic or mechanical means, including but not limited to printing, file sharing, and e-mail, without prior written permission from Diamond Press.

**************************

Trademarks Acknowledgment The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of the following words mentioned in this work of fiction: Toys ‘R’ Us: a privately held corporation Nutella: Ferrero Italia





Prologue




It was a day like any other day, but it wasn’t an ordinary day. Today, Derrick Hoffman became a very rich man.

Twenty-six hours ago, his stepfather—Phineas Hoffman—had been placed in the family mausoleum. Two hours ago, his will had been read and he’d left everything to Derrick, his adopted son. The family was not happy.

The smoke from a Cuban cigar snaked upward and dispersed in the night air as Derrick stood outside on the concrete balcony of the mansion he had called home since he was a child. He stared out across the wooded acreage of the property that now belonged to him.

“What were you thinking, Phineas?”

Even though they’d always had a good rapport, Derrick was grateful that in the last days of his father’s life, they had grown closer. He regretted the years he’d spent not appreciating the father-son relationship, skeptical of Phineas’s love for him, even while he longed for his acceptance.

Derrick shook his head and continued the conversation with himself. “You had to know this would cause major problems for me. Why not leave me a nice little inheritance to live off of, instead of everything?”

If he felt like the odd man out in his adopted family before, it was even worse now after the bombshell dropped. His cousins, his uncles, and their wives had stared back at him with stricken looks at the end of the attorney’s reading of the will.

Then the tears fell. Before the tears dried, indignation filled the room as Phineas’s younger brothers rose to their feet and started yelling words like “preposterous,” “not of sound mind,” and “this must be some kind of joke.”

But it wasn’t a joke, and they all knew it. This was Phineas Hoffman’s last will and testament, and his instructions were very clear. After the distribution of the charitable donations, the rest of his estate, which included the mansion in Atlanta, his homes around the world, his cash reserves and investments, and his highly profitable international logistics company, would all go to Derrick.

Derrick was now worth almost a billion dollars, and he had no idea why his father had made such a decision.

“I don’t know why you did this,” he muttered, “but you were a smart businessman. I have to assume you must have had a good reason.”

He stepped back into the first-floor study and stuck one hand in his pocket. He took a deep draw on the cigar and let the smoke ooze slowly past his lips.

A wave of deep sadness washed over him when he looked up at the portrait of his mother and father over the fireplace. Both of them had been taken suddenly from him. His mother died in a plane crash fifteen years ago, and Phineas died from heart failure. His real father, the man he’d never cared to know because he’d never cared to know Derrick, died in the same crash with his mother.

He closed his eyes. Life was short, and death could come at any moment. Time to make some changes in his life.





Chapter One




As Eva Jacob left the house to go to work, she said a silent prayer of thanks that she hadn’t thrown up her breakfast of buttered toast and ginger tea this morning. At almost four months pregnant, she was finally getting a bit of relief. Less than a month ago, she could hardly keep down any of her food.

Before her passing, her mother had told her stories about her own pregnancy with Eva, and she had worried she’d find her pregnancy equally as difficult. She was relieved her doctor’s prediction she would feel better soon had finally panned out.

The drive to the clothing and accessories store in Pier Village on St. Simons Island, the largest of the Golden Isles off the coast of Georgia, took ten minutes. The village was the central location for cultural activities and commercial businesses on the island. Antique stores, souvenir shops, clothing stores, and restaurants lined the main street and the waterfront.

As Eva entered the store, the manager, Ms. Elsie, greeted her with a smile.

“How are you feeling today?” the older woman asked.

Eva started working for Ms. Elsie in February, after the hotel chain she’d worked for laid her off at the beginning of the year. As regional events coordinator, Eva had overseen all their special events in the southern part of the state of Georgia. Now she earned a fraction of her previous salary, and because she worked part-time, she didn’t have any benefits. Ms. Elsie wanted to bring her on full-time, but the business didn’t support such a move.

Eva walked behind the display case and placed her purse under the counter. “Better than usual. I think I might actually keep food in my stomach this morning. That’s three days in a row.”

“Bless your heart. It’ll get better, sugar.” Her sympathetic gaze lowered to Eva’s stomach.

“She’s not making it easy on me, that’s for sure.” Eva rubbed her belly, which didn’t show any signs of her pregnancy.

Ms. Elsie laughed. “They never do. Just think, this is only the beginning. You still have the toddler stage, puberty, and the dreaded teen years to look forward to.”

Her exaggerated shudder brought a smile to Eva’s lips. “Don’t rush me. I already have my hands full.”

They chatted amicably as they went through their morning routine, preparing for the annual end-of-summer sale. Eva was in the midst of writing sale signs in a neat script to place throughout the store when the wind chime on the door tinkled an alert that a customer had entered.

She noticed the shift immediately as an intangible force stirred the air. The next stroke of the black marker in her hand remained suspended as she lifted her eyes toward the direction of the sound. A tall male figure stood in the doorway.

Derrick Hoffman.

She became a bundle of nerves as soon as she saw him.

Ridiculously beautiful, he had full lips and deep-set eyes that didn’t miss a thing, and that je ne sais quoi all men wanted but most lacked. It oozed from his pores and had the ability to surmount the halfhearted objections of any woman. Make her forget her upbringing and drop her panties without a second thought and deal with the consequences later. She’d been one of those women.

The smoky blue-gray of his eyes, inherited from his white mother, found her brown ones. After putting down the marker, she rested her hands on the glass of the display case and asked, “What are you doing here?” at the same time Ms. Elsie inquired, “May I help you?”

For a moment, his eyes shifted to the older woman several feet away, but they slid back to Eva almost immediately. “You know why I’m here.”

Eva willed her trembling fingers to remain still as she squared off against him behind the safety of the case. “No, I don’t. Even if I did, right now isn’t a good time. I’m working. Can we talk later?”

Eva could feel her manager’s gaze and wondered what she thought. If Ms. Elsie guessed this was the father of her child, then she was correct. The last conversation with Derrick hadn’t gone well, and she could only imagine why he’d decided to show up unannounced.

Derrick walked further into the store, his stride confident and sure. He planted himself in the middle of the dark carpet, feet set apart, as if he owned the place. He looked polished, elegant, and wore one of his pricey suits from London’s famous Savile Row, hand-stitched to fit his muscle-packed body. The light complexion of his skin contrasted sharply against the black curls on his head.

His sharp eyes remained on her. “This is important. I’m sure your supervisor won’t mind if you step out for a few minutes before the store gets busy.”

His luscious mouth curved upward into a disarming smile, exposing a set of flawless white teeth. She knew from experience his warm smile concealed a cold heart, a point her quivering belly had forgotten. It only remembered how those same lips had kissed a path from her navel and lower, how for hours at a time he could make her forget the outside world and live only for the moments in his arms.

“I have no problem with it at all,” Ms. Elsie confirmed. Her admiring glance remained riveted on Derrick’s profile. Even Ms. Elsie had easily fallen under his spell.

Eva swallowed. “I’ll only be a few minutes,” she said to her boss, though the words were more for him than Ms. Elsie. She wanted him to know she had no intention of wasting a lot of time talking to him. They’d said everything they needed to on the phone.

She rounded the display case and self-consciously smoothed both hands down her dress. Derrick’s eyes followed the movement, but his face remained expressionless. He was a master at the art of concealing his thoughts.

They last saw each other in May, when he came into town for his sister’s wedding. He hadn’t invited her to go, and the lack of invitation made her realize she had to accept the true nature of their relationship, no matter how much she longed for more. They would never have the kind of relationship she wanted, because Derrick didn’t want a serious one. Even now the pain tore through her, the same as it had when she realized his feelings were nowhere near the extent of hers, and she’d made the foolish mistake of falling in love with him.

Eva swept past him, holding her head high and getting a good dose of expensive cologne. The citrus scent hurtled her back to more pleasurable times they’d spent together holed up in a villa on the beach during his visits to town. What a fool she’d been, holding on to the thought that somehow she was special, when she wasn’t even worthy enough to meet his family when they visited the island. He’d kept her hidden, like some kind of terrible secret. It was her own fault for agreeing to a nonexclusive relationship, but it still hurt like hell.

The town hadn’t fully stirred awake yet. Some of the shops were open, but most would remain closed for at least another hour. Eva stepped in front of the closed store next door so her boss couldn’t see them as they talked.

Derrick squinted down at her. “Are you all right?”

“I’m fine.”

“You don’t look fine.”

“Thank you.”

As if she didn’t feel bad enough, he had to insult her. She ran her fingers over her slicked-back hair. Her go-to hairstyle nowadays was a ponytail. It made life easier since she no longer had any disposable income to go to a hairdresser regularly. Had she known he would be coming today, she may have tried to look more presentable by fixing her hair and putting on a more attractive outfit.

“I didn’t mean it as an insult. You . . . Are you taking care of yourself?”

“Of course I am.” She stared out at the street and did her best to harden her heart because the sound of his voice did strange things to her insides, filling her with a raw, basic need that always surfaced whenever he came within ten feet of her. His concern tugged at her heart, and she felt weak, but she didn’t want to feel weak because Derrick was strong, and she needed all her strength to handle him. Whatever had brought him here, it couldn’t be good for her. “It’s been hard, that’s all.”

“Hard how?”

“I haven’t been able to keep down much food for the past couple of months. I actually lost weight.”

He made a noncommittal sound of frustration. “You need to take care of yourself. You’re pregnant.”

“I’m shocked at your concern.” She leveled an angry glare up at him. Her head came only to his shoulder. “I didn’t know you cared since you didn’t even believe I’m carrying your baby. The first words out of your mouth when I told you were ‘Whose baby is it?’ Followed up by my favorite, ‘So I’m supposed to believe it’s mine?’”

He rolled his neck, something he did whenever he wanted to alleviate tension. “It’s not the first time a woman’s tried to pin a baby on me, Eva. It comes with the territory when you have money.”

“Oh, poor Derrick. Is this the part where I feel sorry for you because you’ve been victimized by my gender? Well, I don’t. If you think everybody’s out to get you, that’s your problem, not mine.” She clenched her fingers into a fist. “What do you want? You must want something because like I told you over the phone, I never wanted to see you again, and I don’t want anything from you. My baby and I will be fine.”

“It’s my baby, too.” He spoke quietly, but his thinned lips showed his aggravation.

“And when did you come to that conclusion?”

He didn’t answer right away. “Once I had time to think, about you, about us.”

Us. Her short nails curled into her palm, shutting down the pain of her lost dreams. She’d learned the hard way the kind of pain loving a man like Derrick could cause.

“I realized you’re not the kind of person who would try to pass off another man’s baby as mine.”

“Lucky me, more than two weeks after you insulted me, you came to the realization that I told the truth. What took you so long?”

A sorrowful look entered his eyes. Within seconds, it disappeared. “I had to bury my father.”

Eva’s fingers flew to her mouth. “Phineas?” His father was the only member of his family she’d ever met. She’d met him once when she visited Derrick in Atlanta. He’d told her how Phineas had adopted him and raised him as his own after he married his mother, a woman thirty years younger than him. “I’m sorry.” The mumbled words seemed inadequate, especially when she wanted to reach out and put her arms around him in a comforting gesture.

He would never accept it anyway. In fact, the day after he’d told her the whole sordid story about Phineas, his mother, and his biological father, she tried to broach the subject again. He’d shut her down swiftly, letting her know the topic was off-limits, erecting the invisible walls again.

“That’s why I’m here,” Derrick continued.

Confused, Eva stared at him. “I don’t understand.”

“The past couple of weeks have been crazy since his death, but I finally feel like I’m getting my head above water. One lesson his passing has taught me is that life’s too short. I don’t want my child out there in the world, not knowing how much I want them.”

“Derrick, I would never keep the two of you apart,” Eva said in an earnest voice. “I told you as soon as I knew I was pregnant.”

Eva had thought she couldn’t have children, and coupled with irregular periods since puberty, she didn’t even suspect she was pregnant for the first three months. Only after she went to the doctor, complaining about tiredness and nausea, did she learn she was having a baby.

“Good, I’m glad to hear it. So you shouldn’t have any problem with my suggestion.” He stepped closer, eyes filled with purpose. Eva inhaled sharply, overwhelmed by his commanding presence. “I want my child to be with me at all times. I want us to get married right away.”

She gaped at him, thinking her hearing must be going bad. If she didn’t know better, she’d say he just asked her to marry him, but that would be ludicrous. A chuckle of disbelief broke past her lips, and she clamped her hand over her mouth when his face hardened.

“Did I say something funny?”

“I’m sorry, I could have sworn you asked me to marry you—sort of.”

“I did.” His solemn expression swiped the smile from her face.

“You—you can’t be serious. People don’t get married nowadays because they’re having a baby.”

“In case you didn’t notice, I’m not ‘people.’ No kid of mine is going to grow up without knowing me.”

“I agree, but I don’t see why we have to get married to ensure it.”

“Because I’m not satisfied with occasional visits. I want my son or daughter in my house, and I want to see them every day—not when it’s convenient for you.”

Eva stepped back, putting her hands up in a defensive motion against him. “Wait a minute. You’re serious about this?”

“I’ve had plenty of time to think, and it could work.”

“No, it can’t!” She swallowed to calm her frayed nerves. She sounded hysterical, while he remained as cool as a tall glass of iced tea. Before she would have welcomed a proposal—such that it was—but a wedding because of her pregnancy was the last option she’d ever considered.

Lowering her voice, she said, “We don’t have to get married. Besides, we don’t even—” She stopped, finding it difficult to say the words, but managing to muddle through. “We don’t love each other. We were already broken up when I told you I was pregnant. I don’t want to marry you, and you don’t want to marry me. Having a baby is not a good enough reason.” She took a deep breath and gradually released it. “We need to come to another arrangement.”

“All right,” he said, which only unsettled her nerves even more. She had a feeling she wouldn’t like his next words. “Then would you be willing to let me have the baby after it’s born?”

Her eyes widened, and she recoiled from him. “You really are insane, aren’t you?”

“What’s so insane about a man wanting his child?”

“Nothing, but—”

“Let me guess, a father’s not as important as a mother, right?”

“I never said that. I know how you feel because I never knew my father, either.” A common thread between the two of them, but whereas she’d seen it as a pain they could share, he never wanted to discuss it. “But a child needs its mother.”

“And its father.”

His implacable expression worried her, and she tried to mollify him. “And you’ll have all the access you want.”

“I don’t want access.”

“Well, if you think I’m going to hand my daughter over to you after she’s born, you are sadly mistaken.”

He froze, staring at her. “Daughter? You know for sure it’s a girl?”

Eva paused and nodded. “Yes. This week I found out I’m having a girl.” She’d chosen to get a 3-D ultrasound done to determine the gender of the baby.

His gaze lowered to her stomach. “A girl.”

He seemed stunned, as if hearing the sex of the baby really brought home the fact that a life was growing inside her. He ran his hand down the back of his head, across the black silk of his hair—hair she’d lovingly caressed with her own fingertips. She could almost feel the texture of it.

Eva’s voice gentled. “Derrick, I know why you’re saying these things, but you never have to worry about me cutting you out of your daughter’s life. She’ll know you love her. The relationship you didn’t have with your biological father has no bearing on your relationship with our daughter.”

He lifted his cool gaze to her face. “How much?” He pulled out his phone.

She frowned. “How much what?”

“How much will it take for you to give her up once she’s born? I can be very generous. I have my accountant on speed dial, and with one phone call, I can have any dollar amount you request transferred into the account you choose within minutes.”

He couldn’t be serious. “Wait, what?” Eva shook her head in confusion. “Did I hear you correctly? Did you just offer to buy my baby?”





Chapter Two




He didn’t seem a bit perturbed, as if she’d overreacted—as if he’d offered to purchase a cup of coffee instead of a human being.

“I wouldn’t use those words.”

“What words would you use?”

“I’m offering you another option, freeing you from the responsibility—”

“Are you out of your mind? You think you can pay me off and I’ll walk away? My baby is not for sale.”

“Calm down.”

She tried, but couldn’t. Her head felt as if a five-piece band, made up entirely of percussionists, pounded out a constant beat inside her skull.

“What kind of woman do you think I am? You can’t seriously think I would agree to something like that.”

“Everything has a price, Eva.”

His matter-of-fact tone pushed her toward hysteria again. “Not me, and not my child. You don’t have enough money to make me hand her over to someone like you!”

His face hardened at the insult, the ensuing silence only disturbed by the sound of a few cars passing by. A small family with laughing children descended from an SUV to have breakfast at the restaurant across the street.

“Do you really want to do this?” he asked quietly. Too quietly.

Alarm bells sounded in her head at the determined set of his jaw. When she’d called him to tell him about her pregnancy, she had never considered he would want his child so much he would do anything to get her.

“Do you really want to battle with me? Because I’m willing to do whatever it takes to get what I want.”

Her heart raced at an alarming speed. This calmer Derrick frightened her more than the one who had withstood her hysterical outbursts moments before.

“I didn’t want to do this,” he continued. “But you’ve left me no choice.” He reached inside his jacket and removed an envelope, thrusting it in her face.

Eva took it. Apprehension caused goose pimples to spring up on her arms despite the morning’s warmth. “What is this?”

“Open it.”

Filled with nervous tension, she tore open the unmarked envelope. It contained a letter, typed on ornate tan stationery with the name of a well-known law firm in embossed letters across the top. Her fingers tightened on the paper as she scanned the contents.

“If you don’t change your answer, you’ll receive a certified copy in the mail within the next day or two,” Derrick said. “I brought along a copy in case I needed it, and clearly I do.”

The gist of the letter expressed the attorneys’ intention to file for sole custody of the unborn child on behalf of their client, Derrick Hoffman, as soon as the baby was born.

Eva frowned, shaking her head emphatically. She suddenly felt ill. “No, no. You won’t get away with this.”

“Try me.”

“Courts don’t separate babies from their mothers.”

“If you want to take the chance, go right ahead. But here’s something you should know. My father left everything to me. That means I have almost unlimited funds to fight you as long and as hard as I need to. How difficult do you think it would be for my attorneys to prove I’m the better option for our daughter, hmm?” He held up his thumb to start counting. “One, you haven’t had a full-time job since January. Two, at the job you have now, you only earn minimum wage, and you work part-time. Three, you don’t have insurance, so your access to adequate health care is questionable. Four—”

“Enough!” Eva crushed the paper in her hand. She stared down at the sidewalk, fighting back the tears of helplessness. Her heart felt swollen and heavy in her chest. He couldn’t be this cruel. What had she ever seen in him? “Please don’t do this.”

“I gave you two other options,” he said. “If you marry me, you’ll live a comfortable lifestyle, and we can raise our daughter together. If marriage to me is so unappealing, I’m willing to take on the responsibility of being a single parent. You can give her to me willingly, and I’ll compensate you for it.”

She wrapped protective arms around her midsection. “I only have to choose, huh? Door A or door B. Or I’m stuck with door C.”

“It doesn’t have to be this way.” An odd note in his voice caused her to lift her head, but his face didn’t show the same emotion she knew openly displayed on hers.

“What about love, Derrick? Does that even matter to you?”

“Why do you think I’m doing this? You expect me to walk away from my own flesh and blood?”

“I thought we could come to a workable agreement. We need a middle ground. Our relationship is finished, but the only other real option you’ve given me is to pack up my life and come live with you.”

His eyes glittered down at her. “Our relationship may have ended, but I wasn’t done with you.”

The quietly spoken words rocked her. Her heart stuttered in her chest. “Is that what this is about?” she asked in a soft voice. “You’re angry because I ended the relationship?”

She’d stopped seeing him as an act of self-preservation. Whenever the phone rang, she ran for it, her heart beating fast in the hope it was him saying he was on his way to see her. What was she supposed to do, with her feelings for him growing stronger and stronger, knowing when they weren’t together, other women slept in his bed? Knowing some other woman’s lips trailed kisses across his golden skin? If she could flip a switch and stop caring about him, life would be easier.

She’d already grown disgusted with herself at the way she’d gladly accepted the open relationship he tossed at her. She couldn’t continue to see him when she knew she wanted more than he could give her. If there had been any doubt before, his actions today left no room for doubt that her feelings for him were completely one-sided.

“Don’t be ridiculous,” he said scathingly. “I wouldn’t give up my freedom to get back at you, and if I only wanted sex, I could get it anytime of the day or night I want. But what I want is my child, with me, at all times.”

The callously spoken words crushed her. Of course she knew he could have any woman anytime he wanted. He was wealthy, good-looking, and charming when he wanted to be. What woman could resist such a combination?

She lifted her chin, refusing to be bullied. “Then I guess we’re deadlocked.”

The muscle in his left cheek flexed as he tried to rein in his temper. “You’re making a mistake.”

Tears stung her eyes, and she didn’t care if he saw them. “You’re making a mistake. Please leave. I don’t want to see you.”

“Don’t be foolish and make an emotional decision. Think about what I’m offering you.”

“Get out of here, Derrick, and don’t come back.”

Unfazed, he continued to talk in the same calm voice. “I’m staying in the beach villa I always rented for us when I came here. I don’t leave until noon tomorrow. You know how to get in touch with me. If you give me your answer by noon, it’ll be like this conversation never took place.”

“I already gave you my answer.”

His emotionless eyes stared down into hers. “I’ll excuse your behavior because I realize your hormones are all messed up and you’re not thinking straight—”

“Excuse my behavior?” She laughed, her tone shrill. “Don’t do me any favors!”

“My offer is only good until tomorrow, so you need to spend the rest of the day thinking long and hard about this decision and everything you’re giving up. If you marry me, you’ll live a very comfortable life.”

“Are you deaf? I don’t want to marry you, Derrick. I couldn’t care less about your money or your lifestyle. They mean nothing to me. I don’t care enough about any of it to want to put up with marriage to you.”

She hated getting so riled up, so emotional, she didn’t even know herself. Her mother, originally from the South, had been a genteel woman and would turn over in her grave if she saw Eva’s behavior. But even her mother would have to understand how Derrick pushed her buttons. Derrick could test the patience of Job. His dogged determination to get his way may be a plus in business, but it was a less than admirable trait on a personal level.

“Stop and think,” he said through clenched teeth.

“No, you stop and think—about what you’re doing. You and your fancy Atlanta lawyers can go to hell.”

She walked by him.

“Eva!”

She swung around and hurled the crumpled letter at him, watching it float to the ground. “I said go to hell!”

Her voice quivered, and she hated herself for it. She could barely see through the cloudy screen of tears as she left him standing on the sidewalk. Before she broke down completely in front of him, she fumbled for the handle on the door. Once inside, she rushed to the back of the store and cried.





Chapter Three




“The art of intimidation, my boy, is to make your opponent believe every word you say. Look them dead in the eye and never flinch. Never let them see weakness.”

Phineas’s words repeated in Derrick’s head as he eased the rented sports car into the line of traffic and headed toward the two-bedroom beach villa he’d rented. Phineas had always doled out advice, and it turned out much of it could be applied just as easily to personal relationships as to business ones.

He hadn’t intended to make Eva angry. He didn’t know a whole lot about pregnant women, but he was pretty sure they shouldn’t get upset. Unfortunately, her reaction to his suggestion of marriage had stymied him and forced him to reveal his intention to take the baby if she didn’t go along with his plans.

After he let himself in and dropped his overnight bag in one of the bedrooms, he stepped out onto the patio to look out at the Atlantic Ocean, stretched out to the horizon as far as the eye could see. He shouldn’t have come here, because of the memories of all the times he’d stayed here with her. He could have told his personal assistant to book him into another location, but old habits die hard.

The soothing sound of the waves and familiar salty scent of the blue water didn’t have the same appeal this time. He pulled out his smartphone, trying not to think about her, but finding it impossible.

Damn. He really should have picked somewhere else to stay, because there were too many memories here—buying groceries at the local store and cooking together in the kitchen, splashing around in the villa’s private pool, and, entwined in each other’s arms, making love until they grew exhausted.

He turned on the ringer on the phone, which he’d switched off earlier so there would be no interruption during his conversation with Eva. He scrolled through the list of missed calls and saw one had come from the attorneys. Hopefully they had good news concerning the legal battle between him and his family. They’d pooled their resources and dragged him into court to contest Phineas’s will. The attorneys had warned him to expect a long and dirty fight.

In the midst of all this, he had also become the CEO of Phineas’s international logistics firm, Hoffman Logistics Company, also known as HLC in the industry. At his father’s insistence, he’d worked at the company, in various positions, off and on over the years. Since his father’s death, his most important task had been to calm employees and business associates and reassure them the company remained a viable player in the industry, even though its beloved leader was no longer at the helm. All the more reason to get a quick answer from Eva, so he could head back to Atlanta and deal with the issues he’d left behind to come down here and talk to her in person.

He spent every day and night reading reports, in meetings, doing everything he could to maintain a sense of order and keep the company from falling apart. Three senior executives had already bailed and gone over to the competition. Keeping up company morale was a priority to stop any further migrations.

He thought about Eva again. Today she’d looked so fragile as he’d looked down at her slender frame. He’d wanted to pick her up and take her away from her low-paying job and give her the care she needed because she obviously wasn’t taking care of herself.

To think she carried his child, and he’d almost missed out because of his pride. He’d still been angry and tending to a bruised ego over their breakup when she called to tell him the news. Despite his response, deep down he’d known the truth. Unlike some of the mercenary women he’d come to know over the years, she’d been one of the few who’d never asked for anything from him. Not once had she ever asked him to pay her bills or buy her an expensive piece of jewelry.

What he couldn’t figure out was what he’d done to make her hate him so much. The anger in her eyes had been almost enough to laser him in two. Did she have any idea how many other women would love to be in her position—to be offered marriage? Instead of being appreciative, she acted as if she’d been offered an all-expenses-paid trip to the depths of hell.

And why had she ended their relationship in the first place? He’d come to the island for his sister’s wedding, and even though they’d made plans to see each other, she’d refused to see him until he showed up at her job on Saturday morning and gave her no choice. Her only explanation for why she no longer wanted to see him had been that their relationship had run its course and she wanted to move on.

He swore.

Sauntering back into the room, he loosened his tie. He hadn’t been ready to move on. Women didn’t end relationships with him; it usually happened the other way around. Her rejection had bothered him for weeks as he pondered her words, trying to find some hidden meaning in the things she’d said, but couldn’t. Then, out of the blue, she’d called him to say she was pregnant.

Maybe he hadn’t given her the best response, but he couldn’t be blamed. Their relationship hadn’t been exclusive. For all he knew, she could have broken up with him because of another man and was trying to trap him with that other man’s child. But he had to be truthful and admit his role in this. The last time they’d made love, he hadn’t used any protection. He’d been riled up by the thought of her seeing someone else.

They had an agreement: don’t ask, don’t tell. But he’d asked. And she’d told.

One day in April, he’d had to cancel his weekend plans to see her, and when he’d called a few days later to see what she was doing, she told him she planned to go out with a “friend”—a male friend. He’d been so jealous, he’d driven almost five hours straight without stopping because Phineas had taken the private plane out of town on business and he couldn’t get a commercial flight. When he’d shown up at her apartment, she’d been surprised to see him, and he’d made up something about his plans changing yet again. All he really cared about, though, was making sure she didn’t go out with this other guy.

She canceled her plans, and he’d stayed until the middle of the following week like a simpering idiot. He had conducted his business from the villa and rearranged his appointments until later in the week. When he returned to Atlanta, he found a real estate agent to put a newly formulated plan into action. The agent found a condo for her a few miles from his own place downtown. He planned to move her in and pay for it to have her close by, and if she wanted to work, he’d get her a job at his father’s company.

He decided to tell her about the condo the weekend of his sister’s wedding. He was ready to move their relationship to the next level and invite her up to see the place. But everything had changed. Their arrangement wasn’t working out. So she’d said. In the back of his mind, he’d wondered if her friend had anything to do with it.

He never told a soul about his plans. Certainly not her. He wasn’t about to beg. If she wanted out of the relationship, she could have her freedom.

When she’d told him about her pregnancy, he’d been purposely cold and cruel to her, but once he’d thought about it, he realized Eva would never tell him she carried his child if she wasn’t one hundred percent certain. Another woman, yes. Eva, no. Even now she made it plain she didn’t want anything from him.

He tossed the tie on the bed and dialed the number for his attorneys.

He’d given her until noon tomorrow, and now he would wait. He had rights, and he intended to exercise them, no matter how helpless she looked. This wasn’t only about him; this was about his daughter, too. His daughter would never experience what he had. His daughter would never have reason to doubt he loved her.



****



“So what are you going to do?”

Back at her apartment, Eva sat in the cushiony armchair positioned across from the sofa where her best friend and roommate sat. Kallie tucked a lock of brunette hair behind her ear and screwed up her face into a concerned frown. Kallie’s first roommate had moved in with her boyfriend, paving the way for her and Eva to move in together to save money after Eva lost her full-time job.

After Derrick left, Eva worked a six-hour shift with Ms. Elsie, automatically performing her duties of putting up the sales displays, ringing up customers, and folding and refolding clothes on the tables. The monotony of the tasks provided the type of familiarity she needed to get her through the day, but she had left the store in a semi-dazed state.

“I don’t know,” Eva said wearily. “I can’t believe I got myself into such a mess.”

Kallie folded her feet under her on the sofa. “You didn’t get pregnant on your own. It takes two.”

“I know, but still . . .”

“It could be worse.”

She looked at her roommate. “How could it possibly be worse?”

“He could be completely uninterested in your child, which is what you originally thought. Now we know the truth. Or, he could be some loser who has nothing to offer. Derrick has money, and he wants to take care of this baby.” She shrugged.

“He doesn’t just want to take care of her, Kal. He wants to take her from me if I don’t agree to marry him.” She rubbed her hand across her brow. “I didn’t see this coming. He’s not going to budge, either. You should have seen him.”

Kallie leaned forward. “Before you ended the relationship, you said you had fallen in love with him. What if you could make a go of it? You know, have a real marriage.”

Eva laughed shortly. “Yeah, right. I romanticized the situation, trying to make our . . . relationship . . . into something it wasn’t.”

She’d willingly accepted the terms of an open relationship even though she had reservations about it. She didn’t see the harm, especially when they first started seeing each other. Too late, she learned she wasn’t the type of woman who could handle it. In fact, she should have known right from the start, because she fell for him almost immediately, and the night they met remained burned in her memory . . .



****



Eva and her three girlfriends were having their annual New Year’s Day dinner at their favorite restaurant on the waterfront. Every year they met and shared their goals for the new year and talked each other out of feeling sad about bad decisions from the year before.

Halfway through the meal, the waitress came over and said, “Ladies, the gentleman over there sent you this bottle of champagne with a wish for you to have a happy new year.”

They all turned toward the bar, to the man sitting smoking a cigar. He smiled in their general direction, but Eva noticed his eyes lingered on her a fraction longer than the others. Feeling her cheeks get hot, she quickly looked away.

The waitress started pouring the expensive sparkling wine into glasses. “Let him know we said thank you,” cooed one of her friends, Bev.

“He’s hot,” Kallie murmured. “Maybe we should invite him over.”

Their animated conversation changed to whispered speculation about the man at the bar. A few minutes later, the waitress returned.

“He said he would love it if you come thank him yourself.”

“Really?” Bev smoothed her fingers over her hair while her girlfriends gasped and whispered in excitement.

A pang of jealousy worked its way through Eva’s stomach at the thought her friend would get to meet him. His cool stare had intrigued her, and his handsome face had made her heart thump a faster beat.

“Not you,” the waitress said. “You.”

It took a minute for Eva to realize she had spoken to her. She’d been focused on her plate. “Me?” she asked in shock. “I didn’t say anything.”

The waitress shrugged. “He asked specifically for you, honey.”

He’d asked for her. Her belly flipped over itself.

She cast a glance over at the bar again, but he wasn’t looking in their direction. He and the man next to him were engrossed in conversation. He nodded, and then tipped a tumbler toward his mouth. Even from this distance she could tell he had nice lips.

Kallie’s excited voice broke through her shock. “Eva, go!”

“All right. Shush.”

At the urging of her friends, Eva walked over to where he sat, wiping her sweaty palms on the skirt of her dress. “Hi.”

His eyes drew her in. Blue, but not blue, gray, but not gray—an interesting combination of the two. His skin, the color of sand, had golden undertones, and the thick, wavy hair on his head made her fingers tingle with the desire to play in the strands. Like she’d noticed from afar, he had inviting lips that curved upward in a most seductive way when he smiled. She could tell he had money, despite being casually sexy in a black turtleneck and black jeans. He had an air about him.

“Hi yourself.” His warm voice sent a shiver down her spine.

“Thank you for the champagne. That was very nice of you.” She groaned inwardly at the sound of her voice. She sounded nervous, and her stomach muscles trembled in response to her heightened awareness of him.

He lifted one shoulder as if it were no big deal. “I saw a beautiful woman having dinner with her friends and wanted to impress her.”

His open flirtation made her feel out of her depth. He reeked of confidence, and she found it both sexy and unnerving. “Mission accomplished.”

He smiled. “Good to know. By the way, I’m Derrick Hoffman. What’s your name?”

“I’m Eva. Eva Jacob.”

She extended her hand for a handshake, but instead of shaking it, he lifted her fingers to his mouth and kissed the back of her hand. Tremors shot through her body, and she suddenly had the burning desire to remove all her clothing so he’d have the opportunity to place the same type of kiss on every inch of her skin.

Once he’d lowered her hand, he didn’t let go. He rubbed his thumb across the back of her knuckles, which caused heat to suffuse her skin. Her instantaneous attraction to him overwhelmed and excited her. With her heart racing, she felt on the verge of a new adventure, unlike anything she’d ever experienced.

“Eva, I’m about to leave, but before I go, I’m going to give you my number. I hope you use it.”

He released her hand to pull out a card containing his name and phone number, then handed it to her.

He stubbed out his cigar and rose from the barstool. Even though she wore heels, his broad-shouldered body towered over her. “It was nice meeting you, Derrick.”

“Hopefully, it won’t be our last meeting. I want to see you again.”

He soon left, leaving the ball in her court. If he’d tried, she would have willingly gone to bed with him the same night, but he hadn’t. Instead, he’d handed her his card, and she and her girlfriends found out later he’d picked up the tab for the entire table.

She didn’t last one day before she called him.



****



Eva couldn’t blame Derrick for his attitude about their relationship because he’d been up front with her from the beginning. They had an understanding. Whenever he came into town, she would be available to him. It was her fault for developing feelings for him. He had every right to see other women, as she did to see other men. Except she’d fallen for him and didn’t exercise her rights, and it killed her to think he might be exercising his.

“He came down here all the time to see you. Maybe . . .”

“Kal, I know what you’re trying to do.” Eva turned grateful eyes on her friend. “But the truth is it was never serious between us. I was never his girlfriend.” Fresh pain seized up her vocal cords. She should be past this by now, but the longing for more still hurt. “He didn’t ask me to marry him because he’s madly in love with me. He asked me because I’m pregnant. No matter what I may think about him, he definitely wants to be a father to this baby.”

“Do you think you could buy more time?”

Eva shook her head in resignation. “You don’t know Derrick. He won’t budge, which means the noon deadline is final.”

Once, she’d heard him on the phone using a commanding tone of voice to express his displeasure at something or the other someone had done. The way he spoke, the inflection in his voice, had made her climb on top of him the minute he hung up the phone. That tone of voice wasn’t quite as sexy with the anger and the commands directed at her.

“Sounds like you know what you have to do.”

In a few months, she would be twenty-nine, and like many women her age, she had envisioned her wedding day a certain way, after meeting and falling in love with a modern-day Prince Charming. Only she had met a prince in the financial sense, minus the charming part.

“I’ll make my final decision in the morning. Maybe there’s some way out I haven’t thought about yet.”

Even though she said those words to her roommate, inside, Eva resigned herself to the inevitable. She would never forgive herself if she didn’t do everything possible to secure a safe birth and good future for her child—their child. Derrick could ensure that happened.

She shouldn’t have gotten pregnant, or so doctors had led her to believe. Scarring left over from an appendectomy she had as a teenager blocked her reproductive system. For years she thought she would never become a mother, but they had been wrong. She looked forward to all the changes her body would take on because it meant her child was growing safely just under her heart. Her baby was a miracle, and for that reason alone, she could never give her up.

She knew what she needed to do, but she didn’t look forward to it.





Chapter Four




The following morning, Derrick dined on a late breakfast of scrambled eggs, pancakes, and a side of cheese grits in the resort’s restaurant. The floor-to-ceiling windows offered a stunning view of the ocean. Outside, the waves rolled up and spattered into white foam against the rocks that created a natural boundary between the resort and the thin strip of sand at this end of the beach.

To keep his mind off the pending noon deadline, he perused the financial section of the paper while he ate. Sleep had evaded him for much of the night, making way for plans and strategies he imagined implementing at HLC. In the early morning, he’d finally fallen asleep, only to awaken with a stiff erection, which further mocked his decision to stay at the villa. An erotic dream about Eva had been the culprit.

Once he’d eaten and had a couple cups of strong coffee, he should be able to tackle anything that came his way, including Eva’s decision. She still had time to make the right one.

A motion beside the table made him look up. When he did, he saw Eva standing there. For a split second, his fingers tightened around the fork to counteract the involuntary jolt seeing her caused to his body.

“I went by the villa, but you weren’t there, so I came here to look for you.” She spoke quietly and looked as if she wasn’t sure she’d be welcomed.

This morning her appearance had improved. Her hair brushed her shoulders in a neat style around her face. The makeup was no substitute for the glow he was accustomed to seeing on her chestnut-colored skin, but compared to her drawn appearance yesterday, it was an improvement. It added an attractive color to her cheeks and lips and emphasized her long lashes.

“May I sit down?”

“Of course.”

Right away he stood and went over to her. As he reached out to help her into the chair, she withdrew from him and seated herself across the table from where he’d been sitting. The small act of rejection created a twinge in his chest.

In the past, she would have pressed her soft body against his with a warm smile on her face. She loved to tease him in public, flirting and batting those incredibly long lashes at him. He remembered several times rushing through a meal so he could get her alone to make love. On her back, on her stomach, it didn’t matter the position—

Derrick slammed the brakes on his out-of-control thoughts and dropped into the chair across from her.

Don’t go there.

Eyeing her across the table, he noticed how the green top accentuated her dark coloring, just as he couldn’t help but notice how good she smelled. Because of mild allergies, she was very picky about fragrances and seldom wore perfume. She used organic soaps with ingredients like carrot and honey or peppermint and oatmeal. Today was a carrot-and-honey day. She smelled so good he wanted to lick her.

A sip of the black, bitter coffee redirected the path of his thoughts.

“I thought about our conversation yesterday, and I brought something for you,” she said. She offered him a large manila envelope. He reached for it and pulled out the contents: a few grainy, yellow-toned photos. “Those are the pictures of an ultrasound I had this week.” He didn’t need an explanation to understand what he looked at. “That’s your daughter.”

Daughter. His gut tightened into a knot at the word. His daughter. His flesh and blood.

He flipped from one image to the next in silence. The detail was remarkable. Though slightly distorted, there were distinguishable features in the ghostly-looking photos. “Is she healthy?” he asked.

“They haven’t detected any problems,” Eva answered. “So far, so good.”

Derrick let his finger trace the outline of the figure’s body in the 3-D image, over the closed eyes and the tiny hands, amazed he had been a part of creating another life. While being a father had always been a distant thought in his mind, the pending birth of his child became a reality he looked forward to with surprising anticipation.

“I shared these with you for two reasons.”

He lifted his gaze to hers.

“I wanted you to understand what you were asking me to give up. But it also made me realize what I was asking you to give up, too. I know you feel strongly about being a good father. I don’t want to keep you from doing that.”

He anxiously awaited her next words, not daring to believe she would say what he wanted.

She swallowed. “I’ll marry you.”

He couldn’t move for several seconds, stunned into disbelief and an overwhelming sense of relief. Remaining motionless, he withheld the true extent of his feelings.

With the icy calm he hadn’t inherited, but had learned from his father, he carefully replaced the sonograms in the envelope and set them on the table. “It’s the best decision for the three of us.”

She averted her dark brown eyes to the scenery outside the window, but not before he saw the despair in them. He gritted his teeth as anger filled him. Did she have to act like a lamb being led to the slaughter? She wasn’t the only one making a sacrifice.

“I know this isn’t what either of us planned for our future, but we’ll have to make adjustments,” he said, his tone harsh. “It’s not an ideal situation, but we’re stuck with each other.”

Her eyes held surprise at his tone as she landed her gaze back on his side of the table. “I guess so,” she said carefully. “Are you sure this is what you want to do?”

“Are you?”

A wry twist lifted the corner of her lips. “I don’t have a choice.”

“Actually, I gave you a couple of options.”

“Your generosity is unparalleled.” She plucked at the cloth napkin on the table. “What now?”

Moving quickly was the only option. “I’ll get my lawyers to draw up a prenup.” Including a clause that if he found out after the child was born she wasn’t his, he could divorce Eva without concern she would have rights to his millions. “It’s a precautionary measure.”

“I wouldn’t expect anything less.”

Her caustic tone wasn’t lost on Derrick, but he chose to ignore it. He scrolled through his phone. “Let’s plan to do this two weeks from today.”





Eva fixed her eyes on his bent head. “T-Two weeks? So soon? I can’t leave Kallie in the lurch without a roommate. And we can’t possibly plan a wedding on such short notice. After all, I’d like to have my family and friends there.”

“Two weeks is plenty of time,” he said, still not looking at her. “I’ll cover your portion of the lease until Kallie can find someone else to move in, and we’ll get a couple of wedding coordinators to help you.” He started typing into the phone.

It was all happening so fast, and she felt like someone being submerged underwater. “Can we please slow down? What’s the rush? I’m only a few weeks into my second trimester. We have plenty of time.”

“Time is relative.” He set the phone on the table in a decisive manner. “I have a lot of responsibilities. The sooner we get this over with, the better.”

The sting of his words inflamed her temper. “Let’s do this. Let’s get this over with. You’re so romantic.”

Pausing, he narrowed his eyes on her. “Okay, out with it. What’s really bothering you? Because it’s obvious something is bothering you. The sooner we get it out in the open, the better, because I don’t have time to entertain your dramatic outbursts. I’m a busy man.”

“Nothing’s bothering me.”

“Something’s bothering you.” He tapped his forefinger on the tabletop. “Let me guess, this is one of those games women like to play, where I have to figure it out?”

Eva crossed her arms and stared out at the roaring waves.

“Even better,” he said, a mocking pitch to his voice. “The silent treatment. I love the silent treatment.”

She glared at him. “You want to know what’s bothering me? We’re getting married. It’s a big deal, and you’re acting as if it’s nothing. A wedding ceremony shouldn’t be an event you squeeze in between a meeting and a presentation on your calendar.”

The moment the words left her mouth, she regretted them. She didn’t want him to think she placed any more importance on their future marriage than he did.

“This isn’t any easier for me than it is for you. I didn’t plan to get married anytime soon, if ever. I’m trying to make the best of a bad situation.”

She flinched.

“I didn’t mean that the way it came out . . . but neither one of us planned this. Right?”

The undertone in the question caught her attention. “Are you suggesting I planned to get pregnant?”

His eyes surveyed her thoughtfully. “You told me you couldn’t get pregnant.”

“After you had already—” She broke off midsentence. The memory of how he’d taken her flashed through her mind.

He’d shown up unannounced to her apartment late one night after he’d already told her he couldn’t come to town. She’d been excited by his unexpected visit, and he’d been edgy and extra amorous. In their haste, they’d been careless. They discussed the fact they hadn’t used a condom, and she bared her soul and told him she couldn’t get pregnant.

To her surprise, he hadn’t expressed any concern over her infertility. But then, why would he, when there was never the expectation of a future together?

“You showed up at my apartment without notice and practically tore my clothes off,” Eva said.

“I didn’t hear you complaining when it happened. Are you saying you didn’t like it?” he asked, his tone soft and gravelly, spreading unwelcome warmth through every limb.

“I’m saying you didn’t use a condom,” Eva replied in a firm voice. “No matter what I said afterward, you have to at least accept partial blame.”

The waitress appeared beside their table and provided a temporary reprieve from the intense conversation. “Ma’am, would you like to order from the menu, or will you have the buffet this morning?” She topped off Derrick’s coffee.

Grateful for the interruption, Eva shook her head. “I won’t be eating, thank you.”

“Have you had any breakfast?” Derrick asked sharply.

“No, but I’m fine.”

“You should have something. You’re eating for two now.”

As if she didn’t know. “I’m fine.”

“At least have a drink—coffee or tea. What do pregnant women drink?”

To quiet him, she turned to the waitress. “I’ll have a glass of milk.”

“Anything else?” the woman asked.

Eva shook her head.





Derrick sipped his coffee. “I guess we both got carried away that night,” he said, replacing the cup in the saucer.

He remembered the night and the days afterward well. It was the last time she let him touch her. Here he sat only feet away and was still denied the luxury. He had set the rules for their relationship. They were the same ones he had lived by for years, yet it had driven him crazy to think she was spending time with someone else when he wasn’t around. A completely irrational response he couldn’t comprehend to this day.

“Considering we’re no longer together,” Eva began slowly, “what kind of marriage will we have?”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, um . . . will the relationship dynamics still be the same?” She asked the question with difficulty, seeming ill at ease.

Derrick stiffened. She couldn’t be asking what he thought. “You mean, will I allow another man to touch my wife and the mother of my child? Will I allow my wife to have sex with other men?” Tension coursed through his body as he practically snarled the questions in his fury. “What do you think?”

Her eyes grew wide in her face. “I didn’t mean me. I was talking about you. I assumed . . .”

His eyebrows dipped low over his eyes. “Assumed what? I would want to have sex with other women after we’re married?”

“I-I wasn’t sure. We had an open relationship. I don’t know what your expectations are, Derrick.”

“My expectations,” he said, underlining the words in an acerbic tone, “are that we both respect the covenant of our marriage once we say our vows. Marriage isn’t something to enter into lightly, where you get to change your mind after a couple of years, or sleep with other people when you’re in the mood to try something different.”

As the product of an extramarital affair, he understood the devastation it could cause. His parents ended their affair once it was discovered and his biological father was forced to choose between his wife and family and his mistress and illegitimate son. He chose his wife and family, but eventually, he and Derrick’s mother became involved again, the proof provided when, after the plane crash that claimed their lives, the passenger manifest showed they’d been seated next to each other.

“I never . . .” Eva’s mouth clamped shut. “Are you saying you expect this to be a normal marriage?”

His gaze didn’t waver. “In every way.”

Comprehension dawned in her eyes as the meaning of his words sunk in. They took on a slumberous quality, as no doubt the same thoughts going through his mind went through hers. She lowered her gaze to the table, but he’d already seen the heated look she tried to hide.

He knew that look. He’d drawn it from her on many occasions.

“I can’t believe you expect us to sleep together when we can barely tolerate each other at this point. I thought you’d want to continue the same as before—with the option to see other people. I have to admit, I’m surprised.” The lowered, breathy sound of her voice stirred his loins into awareness.

“I don’t see why. You didn’t end up pregnant through Immaculate Conception. Are you sure you weren’t interested in keeping your options open for yourself? Maybe you’re seeing someone?” If she was, he would insist the relationship end today.

“No. Like I said, I assumed you would—”

“You assumed wrong, and you know what they say happens when you assume.” Derrick lounged back in his chair. “Why should we deprive ourselves? Right from the beginning, it’s been good between us.”

“You have to admit, this will be a strange union.” She paused, watching him intently, weighing the next words before she said them. “What if I say I’ll need time to get used to the idea? You can’t expect us to fall back into bed with each other just like that.”

“Why not?” He lowered his gaze to the telltale pulse hammering at the base of her neck, and he shifted to alleviate the strain of an erection pressing on the fabric of his trousers. Carnal thoughts of her dark, naked body wriggling under him raced through his mind. He had to get this simmering need for her under control. The combined lure of her slender, agile body and her personality were a powerful aphrodisiac. He lifted his eyes back to her face. “I can tell you want me right now, even though you’d like to deny it.”

“That’s your ego talking.”

Amused, he whispered, “Are you sure you’ll be able to abstain? I know you, Eva. You enjoy sex too much.” What an understatement. She was a tigress in bed, uninhibited, and willing to offer pleasure in the equal amounts she took.

“You make it sound like I’m sex crazed!” she said hotly.

He smiled knowingly, which only infuriated her more, because her lips pressed together in displeasure. “I know what you sound like when you’re turned on, and I can hear a little bit of it in your voice right now.”

“Maybe you’re turned on and you’re trying to deflect your feelings off on me.” She pulled in a shaky breath. “I’m only asking for a little time. If we want this marriage to be successful, there has to be an equal amount of give-and-take on both sides.”

Derrick sat up, speaking slowly for the sake of clarity. “There’s no fifty-fifty in marriage, and you’d be a fool to try to keep score. Equality in marriage is a myth spread on talk shows and in relationship books. The truth is, husbands and wives should treat marriage like they’re running a business. It’s a negotiation, a give-and-take, yes, but not in equal amounts. Like in business, each person is always trying to get the upper hand.”

“No, that’s the world you live in, but most people see marriage as a partnership.”

He laughed and shook his head. “No, sweetheart, that’s the world we live in.” A pause. “Here’s the part where the give-and-take comes in. I’ll give you time to get used to the idea of us being married, but I’m not waiting forever.”

A guarded look filled her eyes. “How much time are you going to give me?”

“As little time as possible.”

“Has anyone ever told you that you have a heart of stone?”

A smile broadened across his face. “I’ve heard it a time or two. Thanks for the compliment.”

He admired her gumption, but she had no idea who she was dealing with. Her little insults didn’t trouble him because he had the upper hand and would eventually get what he wanted.

She may have ended their relationship, but she craved him just as much as he craved her. He would go along with her wishes for now. His eyes moved lower to her beautiful breasts. He’d already waited four months, and work kept him fairly busy.

He could handle a few more weeks.





Chapter Five




Mrs. Derrick Hoffman.

Mrs. Eva Hoffman.

Mrs. Eva Jacob-Hoffman.

Eva twisted the platinum ring with its pear-shaped yellow diamond around and around on her finger. As promised, only two weeks after Derrick came to see her on St. Simons Island, she stood ready to get married. Her image reflected back to her from the full-length mirror in a suite at Chateau Élan, a thirty-five-hundred-acre winery and resort located forty minutes north of Atlanta in the Georgia foothills.

Putting together a wedding on such short notice was not an easy feat, but when you had plenty of money at your disposal, seemingly impossible feats could be surmounted with a phone call from skilled assistants. The chateau was usually booked years in advance, but the offhand comment she’d made to one of the coordinators about it being the idyllic setting for a wedding had magically resulted in an opening. Marrying Derrick Hoffman offered more privileges than she realized.

She and Derrick had hardly spoken since they met on St. Simons Island. He remained tied up in meetings and putting out fires at the company. Much of their communication existed as texts and voice mails. For the most part, he let her plan the wedding, but a few times he overrode her suggestions, insisting that she spend more money. Outside of those few times, the decisions were made with the help of the wedding planners and Kallie.

Their lack of contact didn’t bode well for their marriage. While she should consider it a plus because it allowed her to build up a wall of protection against her feelings for him, one small part of her couldn’t fathom them continuing in the same vein and having a healthy relationship. Especially since he expected them to have a real marriage.

Kallie appeared beside her in a strapless amber-colored bridesmaid dress, concern in her blue eyes. “You okay?”

Her friend wore that look often in the past couple of weeks, and she wanted to allay her fears. As she’d pointed out a couple of weeks ago, it could be worse. “Of course. I’m getting married today.” She didn’t quite accomplish the cheery voice she’d hoped to, and Kallie’s eyes filled with sympathy.

Kallie rested her hands on Eva’s bare shoulders. “This is it. Last chance to change your mind.”

Eva smiled. They both knew she couldn’t go back. To go back meant fighting Derrick in court and possibly losing her baby, and she couldn’t take the risk.

Derrick had made sure movers had all her belongings packed up and in the house, where she would sort them out later. Her mother’s family had been flown in on commercial flights to attend the wedding, and an uncle on her mother’s side was to walk her down the aisle.

Her mother had been a teen parent and single mother who’d told her a long time ago her father hadn’t wanted a child, so she didn’t know who her father was or anyone from his side of the family. Unfortunately, her mother died with the information about her father and where he lived.

She only had a first name and an old photo found hidden away in her mother’s personal items after her death. Although she hadn’t planned to keep Derrick and his child apart in the same way, her familial circumstances provided another solid reason to submit to his wishes. Her conscience wouldn’t allow her to keep them separated when she understood the empty ache she felt in her own life because she’d never known her father.

“We both know leaving isn’t an option,” she said, fondling the necklace cushioned against her bosom.

She’d chosen the bridesmaid dresses to match the amber stone in the pendant. The pendant and the necklace it hung from had been the first piece of jewelry she’d received as a little girl. They’d never had much, but her mother had always made sure she was comfortable, and every now and again, they splurged on little luxuries.

The necklace had been a luxury. When she’d received it, she’d felt so grown-up. After her mother’s passing, she’d worn it more often in an effort to feel closer to her. Eva regretted her mother wasn’t alive to see the birth of her grandchild, or to see her daughter get married, even if it wasn’t for love.

A soft knock preceded one of the other two bridesmaids poking her head through the door. “It’s time.”

Eva took a deep breath and straightened her shoulders. She took one last look at herself as a single woman. The sweetheart neckline of the dress showed off her slender neck and collarbone. She smoothed her hand over the layered organza skirt and made a final adjustment to the amber-colored satin sash wound around her waist.

“Okay, I’m ready.”



****



“I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride.” At Pastor Jamison’s words, Derrick lifted Eva’s veil.

The ceremony went by even faster than he’d anticipated. It never ceased to amaze him how a wedding caused so much stress, but the ceremony took less than thirty minutes to complete. Had it been up to him, they would have had a small civil ceremony, but he’d wanted to give Eva a little bit of what she undoubtedly had hoped for, and had instructed the coordinators to get her anything she wanted. No request was unreasonable.

Eva made the majority of the decisions, and he hadn’t thought much about the wedding during the preceding days, too busy concentrating on the task of sorting out his father’s business affairs. But when he’d seen her walking down the aisle on her uncle’s arm, all extraneous thoughts fled his mind, and he concentrated solely on the vision coming toward him.

The sudden clenching of his stomach had taken him aback. A fierce possessiveness filled him as he watched her move slowly, bouquet in hand, smiling sweetly at their guests beneath the lace veil. Right then he’d decided he’d made the right decision to make her his wife, and any remnants of doubt left his mind. They may not be in love, but they had chemistry. Plenty of marriages survived on less.

With the sole intention of giving her a quick peck on the lips, he lowered his head. But his memory had failed him, because when had he ever been able to touch her and quickly distance himself? After months without her, today proved no different.

When he pressed his mouth to hers, a surge of hot hunger swept through him, heating his blood. He lifted his head a fraction, noting her closed eyes, and right away dipped again to taste her soft lips. His hands settled on her bare arms to hold her in place and allow him to prolong the kiss, his mouth lingering over hers. The soft sigh she whispered into his mouth caused the muscles in his body to tense in response, and his hands tightened on her soft flesh.

His tongue made a gentle foray into her mouth. When she allowed him entry, he swept in past her teeth and delved deeper to stroke with unerring skill along the inside of her cheeks and the roof of her mouth, making an erotic promise of future pleasures to come. Subconsciously he knew this wasn’t the time or place, but she had cut him off abruptly and for so long. This was the first time in months he’d had a taste of her, and he couldn’t get enough.

His loins pulsed and ached, and he felt her hands reach up between them, flattening against his chest as if to stave off the attack on her body he very nearly perpetrated in front of their guests.

The sound of knowing snickers and Pastor Jamison clearing his throat permeated Derrick’s heated brain and brought him back to the present. Eva must have heard them, too, because she withdrew at almost the same instant he did and pressed the tips of her fingers to her mouth.

Derrick dragged his tongue across his lower lip, relishing the fading taste of her as she averted her eyes. Her uneven breaths drew his gaze to her full bosom. What he wouldn’t give to get her alone right then.

What the hell was it about her that had him so strung out? He’d almost mounted her in front of hundreds of people.

The pastor cleared his throat again and made the customary announcement to all the guests. “Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. and Mrs. Derrick Hoffman!”





Chapter Six




From his seat at the bar, Derrick watched his half brother, Roarke Hawthorne, walk up with his stepdaughter, Arianna, in his arms. An outsider would never guess he wasn’t her biological father. They had become close in a short time.

The six-year-old had been running around with some of the other kids, but her sagging body and head on Roarke’s shoulder indicated she was done for the night. She was cute, wearing a lavender dress and her hair in two big Afro puffs held in place with lavender and white ribbons.

He scanned the ballroom, filled with empty round tables because most of the guests had already left. The band played a sultry song, and a few couples swayed to the music on the dance floor. The wedding decorations included colorful floral arrangements in the middle of each table and amber and blue decorations throughout the room—not blue, teal, they’d told him, as if it mattered.

Each guest left with two bottles of wine from the Chateau Élan vineyard. The bottles, bearing a customized label with Derrick and Eva’s names and the date of the wedding, were individually wrapped in mesh bags tied at the top with ribbon.

“Well, how does it feel?”

Derrick shrugged. “Feels the same.”

He sipped some of the champagne in his glass. Over the years, Derrick had harbored bitter resentment against him because Roarke Sr. had chosen to stay with his wife and child and reject Derrick.

A lot had changed. A few months ago, they’d agreed to call a truce and work on establishing a better relationship. Despite the short notice, Roarke had agreed to be the best man, and their younger brother, Matthew, had agreed to be one of the groomsmen.

“Hi there. I thought I’d squeeze in a hug since I didn’t get a chance to earlier.” Celeste, Roarke’s wife, walked up and wrapped her arms around Derrick. “I guess I’ve dropped to second most important woman in your life.”

“You had your chance, but you chose to marry him.” Derrick pointed his thumb at Roarke. He’d been friends with Celeste long before she met Roarke, and in fact, he told them if it hadn’t been for him, they never would have gotten together.

Tall, with her short, wavy hair falling in loose strands around her face, Celeste smiled lovingly at her husband and stroked his bearded face. “I think I did all right.”

“That’s my baby,” Roarke murmured, planting a kiss on her lips.

A groan sounded nearby. It came from Matthew. Although the youngest, he was taller and beefier than his older brothers. He sauntered up. “You guys are going to make me throw up. When is the honeymoon period over already?”

“We’ve been married less than two months,” Celeste reminded him with a playful punch to the shoulder. “Can we enjoy it a little bit longer, if you don’t mind?”

“Well, all right, I’ll give you a few more months.” He tugged on his tie. “Man, I can’t wait to get out of this damn monkey suit.”

Celeste frowned at Matthew and darted her eyes at her daughter.

“Oh, sorry,” he said, looking embarrassed. “This doggone monkey suit.”

Celeste turned to Derrick. “So, how does it feel?” she asked.

“Why does everybody keep asking me about how I feel?”

“Well, you didn’t let us know you were seeing anyone seriously, and then the next thing we know, we get a call there’s a wedding in less than two weeks.”

“I didn’t know I had to check in with everybody about my personal life.”

“Not check in, but we’re family. This was kind of unexpected.”

“Unexpected for you,” Matthew added pointedly, looking directly at Derrick. “She’s not your usual type. And I mean that in a good way.”

“I’m glad you approve.”

Derrick didn’t need any reminders about the other women he’d brought around his family. The worst incident had taken place New Year’s Eve, when the woman he’d taken down to St. Simons Island, to the Hawthorne family vacation home, had gotten drunk and slipped into Roarke’s bedroom.

She’d sworn Roarke had made a pass at her, and an argument had ensued between the two men. The next day he’d been so disgusted by her behavior he sent her packing, but not before she blamed him for her indiscretion. She claimed if he paid more attention to her and wasn’t so distant, she wouldn’t have given in to his brother’s passes. He’d grown tired of her anyway, and her words held little to no importance to him. A long period passed before he admitted to himself that she had lied and, under false pretenses, helped to drive a deeper wedge between him and Roarke.

“Does she have any family in town?” Celeste asked. “Maybe Cassidy and I could take her out to lunch one day.”

“That’s not a bad idea,” Derrick said. “All of her close friends are on the island, and most of her family lives there and out west.”

“Are you sure you want Cassidy to be her first extended introduction to the family?” Matthew asked. He enjoyed making fun of his younger sister, even when she wasn’t around. She and her husband had already left. “She might scare her off.”

“Cassidy’s not even here to defend herself,” Celeste said with a shake of her head. “You’re awful.”

“I don’t think he knows how to be any other way,” Roarke said.

“Your fault, big brother. You helped raised me.” Matthew grinned.

“Where did I go wrong?”

“All right, you two, simmer down.” Celeste’s eyes found Roarke’s. “It’s getting late, and I need to get missy to bed. We should head home soon.”

“You two run along,” Matthew said. “The rest of us grown folk will shut the place down. The band’s still playing, the liquor’s still pouring, and some of us have plans, which include getting some h-o-t sex.”

“Matthew!” Celeste scolded him. “You spelled the wrong word. And anyway, she can spell. She’s six, not two.”

Derrick and Roarke had a good laugh at his expense. “Damn, I’m sorry, Celeste.” He rolled his eyes when he realized he’d cursed again. “Cover her ears,” he said in exasperation.

“Give me my baby.” Celeste took the exhausted Arianna from Roarke. The little girl moaned softly and wrapped her little arms tightly around her mother’s neck.

Derrick imagined one day he would be doing the same—whatever he could to protect his daughter and preserve her innocence for as long as possible.

“I’ll leave you men to finish up your conversation in the absence of a minor child.” She playfully cut her eyes at Matthew before walking away.

“I said I was sorry,” he called after her. He propped his shoulder against the wall. “So where are you and the mystery woman headed for your honeymoon?” His gaze trained on the bridesmaids standing near the exit.

“She’s not a mystery woman. You’ve met her.” Derrick repositioned himself on the stool. “We’re putting off the honeymoon for a while, until I can get things under control at work.” He didn’t bother to mention his family was in the process of contesting the will, another reason he couldn’t risk taking off for an extended period.

“Hmm,” Matthew said distractedly, his gaze still focused on the women at the front. One of the bridesmaids momentarily paused in her conversation and looked in their direction. She smiled coyly and then looked away. A lascivious grin crept across Matthew’s face, and he pushed away from the wall. “Excuse me, gentlemen, some seeds I’ve planted have sprouted. I’ll have to call it a night.”

“Are you ever going to slow down?” Roarke asked.

“Slow down?” Matthew had a look on his face like Roarke had asked the most ridiculous question he’d ever heard. “Like you old married men? No way.”

“Who’re you calling old?” Derrick asked. “Thirty-three is not old.”

Matthew touched his hand to his chest. “I’m only twenty-seven. I’m in my prime. You guys are old, so I understand why you felt the need to get married.”

“Thirty-three isn’t old, Matt,” Roarke said. “One of these days you’re going to meet a woman who knocks you off your feet, and then you’ll be eating those words.”

“Yeah, yeah, cry me a river.” Matthew started backing away and patted his stomach. “Nice touch with the filet mignon, Derrick. Congratulations to you and the new missus. I’m out.”

He strolled across the almost empty ballroom and stopped in front of the young women. He bent his head to the one who held his interest and whispered in her ear, which made her giggle. As they slipped out the door, he flashed the thumbs-up sign behind his back to his brothers.

Derrick lifted the glass of champagne to his lips. “I remember those days,” he said before taking a sip.

“They weren’t that long ago.” Roarke seated himself two stools down.

True. Until he met Eva, he’d been as bad as Matthew. Women came easily, and because he came from money, it was even easier. He’d partied quite a bit in the VIP rooms of exclusive clubs, hanging with celebrities, and jetting around the world to various events—some known, others so secret invitations had to be hand delivered. He’d partied hard, but he’d worked hard, too. Whenever he worked on a business project, he gave it a hundred and ten percent. Phineas had insisted on it.

It had been nothing for him to drop thousands of dollars in a night to impress a woman, but he’d always gotten bored easily. The relationships never had any substance, and he’d been content to play the field—until her.

“Now we’re alone, how about telling me the whole story about Eva? Matthew’s right. She’s not your type.”

“You don’t know what my type is.”

“Actually, I do, and it’s not her. And, considering this is your wedding day, the two of you haven’t been acting like a happily married couple.”

“This is the part where I tell you to mind your own business.”

Roarke laughed softly, unconcerned by Derrick’s ill-tempered response. From the corner of his eye, Derrick saw him stroke his jaw. “I can’t figure this out.”

“There’s nothing to figure out,” Derrick said irritably. “Why don’t you go home with your wife and daughter? Like she said, it’s late.”

Roarke twisted in his direction on the stool. “Enough joking around. It’s obvious the two of you have been avoiding each other almost all night. Maybe no one else has noticed, but I have. If it weren’t for the kiss during the ceremony, I’d think you couldn’t stand each other. Most newly married couples leave the guests partying at the reception. The two of are among the last ones here. What’s going on?”

Derrick’s jaw tensed. “Nothing.”

“Derrick, are we going to do this or not?”

He looked at his brother’s solemn face. “Do what?”

“This.” Roarke motioned from one to the other. “Be brothers. Be family. Be closer.”

“If you think I’m going to start spilling my guts to you, you’re wrong. It’s only been a few months. I don’t even know if I like you yet.”

“Yet you asked me to be your best man.”

“I was trying to be nice.”

“I didn’t think you knew how,” Roarke grumbled. He swiveled in the chair and faced the open room again.

Derrick went back and forth internally about how much to share. Heart-to-heart conversations were not his forte. “You’ll find out soon enough anyway.”

“Find out what?”

“Why I married her.”

“Well, why?”

In a flat voice, he said, “She’s pregnant.”

Roarke digested the news in silence. “That’s the only reason?”

“What other reason would there be? We’re not like you and Celeste.” He waited before adding, “We’re having a girl.”

“Congratulations.” Quiet. The band stopped playing, and the couples meandered off the dance floor. “I was thinking, you didn’t have to marry her. You could have moved her up here to have them close.”

“I could have, but I chose to do it this way. I want my daughter near me at all times.”

They fell silent again. Of course, he should have known Roarke wasn’t finished. He must have been mulling over the situation for a long time, his astute brain in analysis mode to make sense of what had happened—how Derrick had gone from single to married in a matter of weeks, without warning.

“Seems like a pretty drastic step to take just to have your kid. You’re telling me you had no other alternative? I admit I don’t know her well, but from what I’ve seen so far, Eva doesn’t seem like the kind who would have kept you from your child.”

Derrick tossed back the last of the champagne and set the flute on the bar with unwarranted force. He didn’t answer to anyone, and he wasn’t in the mood to explain himself to Roarke. He rose from the stool.

“It doesn’t matter now, does it?”

Roarke cast a speculative look up at him. “No, I guess not. Except . . . I was thinking—”

“Stop thinking.” He’d grown weary of this conversation real fast.

“If you hadn’t married her, you would still be free.”

If he hadn’t married her, so would she.

Free to do whatever she wanted, with whomever she wanted. He could have set them up in a house, but the thought of other men coming there, sleeping there, weaseling their way into his daughter’s life didn’t appeal. If his daughter was going to love any man in her life, it would be him, not some random man Eva picked to be her stepfather. He wanted to be there for every moment, from the time she was born. He couldn’t stomach the thought of her growing attached to another man or calling someone else “Daddy.”

“Freedom is a small price to pay to have my daughter with me at all times.”

Roarke fell silent again, but not for long. “What happened between your mother and our father happened years ago. I hope you’re not going to make Eva pay for what they did. She seems like a nice person.”

“The nice ones are the ones you have to watch.” He took note of Roarke’s frown. “Don’t worry, big brother,” he said, even though only three months separated them. “I’ve learned from the mistakes my parents made so I won’t repeat them.”

He glanced at the Panerai watch on his wrist, wondering about Eva’s present location. She’d excused herself fifteen minutes ago and hadn’t reappeared. As the thought crossed his mind, he saw her in the doorway.

She looked over at him, and he clenched his jaw to constrain the reaction he had to her. Every time he saw her, he had the same uncurbed reflexive response, like one of Pavlov’s dogs. His body hardened, his senses heightened, and he damn near salivated.

Yes, he wanted his child, but part of him recognized he had wanted her, too, and he had wanted to have exclusive rights to her.

He hated the power she seemed to have over him, and that was part of why he’d agreed to give her a period to get used to the marriage and living together. He needed to prove to himself he wasn’t weak for her and the unchecked lust he felt could be contained. In the time since they broke up, trying to prove any woman would do had been difficult. The physical ache that had encumbered his body since May was for this woman alone, and his efforts to prove otherwise had resulted in unsatisfactory hookups.

She walked toward them and smiled at Roarke, who rose to his feet.

“Welcome to the family. One more hug.” Roarke embraced his new sister-in-law. “I promise that’s the last one for a while.” To Derrick, he said, “We’ll talk later.”

Derrick nodded, though he had no intention of discussing his marriage any further.

Within minutes, he and Eva sat in a hired limo, on their way to start their new life together.





Chapter Seven




The next day, Eva awoke after a surprisingly restful night. She turned over onto her back and stared up at the silk canopy above the bed. She must have been more tired than she realized because as soon as her head hit the pillow, she had fallen asleep.

The mansion was located in Buckhead, an affluent part of the city. Last night they had driven past a number of stately homes, with bright lights bringing attention to immaculate landscaping, as if they all competed for neighborhood bragging rights.

Some of the homes sat at the end of long driveways, so far back they were hidden from street view. The driver had stopped at one of those homes, and the black iron gates swung slowly inward. The car had crawled along the stretch of pavement that bisected acres and acres of the parklike wooded property of her new home. When they rounded a bend, the sprawling estate had come into full view.

She’d visited Derrick in Atlanta before, but they’d stayed at his condo in the middle of the city. This place was an enormous Georgian-style manor that bespoke the wealth Derrick’s father had accrued over the years. In the fountain out front, water poured from the open mouths of two stone fish.

The driver stopped the car in the circular cobblestoned driveway. To her surprise, Derrick had lifted her up and carried her across the threshold, claiming tradition as the reason for doing so. For a moment she forgot how ruthless he could be and enjoyed being held by him. Too much, in fact, practically melting against the sturdiness of his chest. His unique male scent and cologne had surrounded her, making her dizzy with unexpected longing.

Inside, he had made the introductions to the team of staff members present at that hour: Saunders, the property manager, an older black man with a kind face; Svana, the tall, portly Icelandic housekeeper; and a weekend cook who was available any time of the day or night. The personnel not present included the family driver, head landscaper and the gardeners, maids, a chef on call during the week, and two personal assistants—one for Derrick and one for her.

Then they’d made their way up to their suite of rooms, and he’d taken her to her bedroom. Her bedroom.

Bemused, Eva had looked at him. “I don’t understand. Why do we have separate rooms? We’re married.” Was this how rich people lived?

“My parents had separate rooms when they were both alive. I think it’s a good idea for us to do the same. Sometimes I work late, and I don’t want to disturb you when I come in. Plus, I like my own space.”

She’d swallowed the bitter pill of disappointment and a few minutes later watched him walk through the connecting door to his own room.

She had told Derrick she wanted time to get used to being married, yet this development surprised her. If they slept in different rooms, it appeared his idea of a normal marriage meant living separate lives and perhaps having the occasional conjugal visit.

Coming back to the present, Eva yawned and stretched, then slipped from beneath the floral linens in the four-poster bed and walked over to the three windows that covered one wall. She drew aside the heavy drapes and squinted against the glare of the bright sun. Outside, the gardeners stayed busy pruning, cutting, and mowing.

After washing up and changing into comfortable clothes, Eva exited her bedroom and walked through the sitting area of their suite of rooms, filled with antique furniture and expensive-looking Impressionist paintings on the walls. The rest of the house she walked through was tastefully decorated in a similar way, with expensive art and traditional furnishings.

After a few tries, Eva found the kitchen. In a house this big, a GPS device would come in handy.

“Good morning, Mrs. Hoffman,” Svana said in a heavily accented voice. “What would you like for breakfast?”

“Don’t go to too much trouble,” Eva replied. She couldn’t wrap her head around the idea of having servants and staff who waited on her hand and foot. Derrick had called this lifestyle comfortable, but living in a mansion in Buckhead was more than comfortable, and she still had to get accustomed to such a swanky style of living. With a shrug, she said, “I’ll be fine with some orange juice and toast.”

“Are you sure, ma’am?” Svana looked disappointed. “How about some scrambled eggs or an omelet to go with your toast?”

“An omelet sounds good. Ham and cheese?”

“Coming right up.” The housekeeper looked so happy, she realized that perhaps part of Svana’s concern had been about pleasing her, the new woman of the house. “Would you like to have breakfast on the terrace?”

Outside the French doors was a table set up on the stone terrace that looked out onto the grounds. “Yes. That sounds like a good idea.”

Once outside, Eva saw the terrace also had a sitting area with couches and a coffee table, perfect for a relaxing day while surveying the gardens.

Svana served her fresh-squeezed orange juice with her meal and beamed when Eva whispered, “Delicious,” after swallowing a morsel of the fluffy omelet.

This became her routine over the next couple of days. If Derrick intended to show her his life wouldn’t change now that they’d married, he did a good job of it. Their interaction was minimal, like roommates who had different work schedules.

While he worked in the study, she filled out thank-you cards for the wedding gifts and unpacked her clothes and other belongings rather than have one of the maids or her personal assistant complete the tasks for her.

Exploring the estate took a lot of time, as well. Saunders and Svana lived in the main house and each had their own self-contained private quarters with a small kitchen and living room. The entire compound consisted of the three-level house, a gazebo, a tennis court, and a guesthouse with a pool. The main house included a gym, a heated indoor swimming pool, home theater, and a recreation space with a ping-pong table and arcade games.

The grounds were her favorite part of the estate, and she delighted in watching the squirrels hop from tree limb to tree limb, and the birds take advantage of the bird feeders dotted across the property. Flowers lined the cobblestoned pathways. Black-eyed Susans and twenty-inch columbine flowers in shades of purple and pink greeted her on her walks.

The in-ground pool Derrick had told her about turned out to be a free-form pool, specially designed to look like a lake and fit into the landscape, with rock projections jutting out of it. Only a short walk from the house, it was a man-made oasis enclosed by bushes and flowers, with comfortable chairs, two cabanas, and a bar.

Her lifestyle had certainly changed.



****



Wrapped in a silk robe, Eva descended the stairs in search of a piece of Svana’s chocolate cake. She hoped there was at least one slice left. If Saunders could help it, there wouldn’t be. He’d wolfed down two humungous pieces earlier, and she wouldn’t be surprised if he came back for more.

The kitchen lights were on, and she thought they’d been left on by mistake until she found Derrick, still dressed in his suit, sitting at the breakfast table in the corner with his head resting on his folded arms.

“Derrick?” She walked over and shook him.

Being a heavy sleeper, it took a minute for him to rouse. A frown marred his forehead as his eyes focused on her.

He scrubbed a hand over his face. “What time is it?”

“It’s after one in the morning. You must have come in and sat down for a minute and fallen asleep.”

With a shake of his head, he straightened in the chair. “That’s exactly what happened.”

The fatigue on his face tugged at something inside her. How deeply had Phineas’s death affected him? Even though he wasn’t his biological father, Phineas was the only father Derrick had known all his life.

Maybe taking over his father’s affairs took a greater toll than she realized or he wanted to admit. Without much time to grieve his death, and the strain of keeping the business together resting on his shoulders, it was no surprise he had fallen asleep at the table.

“Are you feeling okay?” she asked.

“I’m fine.”

The clipped response was meant to keep her from asking any more questions, but she couldn’t help but be concerned. She loved—had loved him once. It was only natural to still care a little. But she had to remember that Derrick didn’t do emotions, so asking him about his feelings was a waste of time.

“You don’t look well. I know you’re preoccupied with work, but you still have to take care of yourself.”

Surprise lit up his eyes, and his voice held a hint of irony when he said, “If I didn’t know better, I’d think you actually cared.”

Stepping back, Eva cleared her throat self-consciously. “Of course I care, Derrick. You’re the father of my child.”

“What other reason would there be, right?”

She had the strange feeling he had expected her to say something else, and somehow she’d disappointed him.

“Don’t worry about me,” he continued. “You’re the one who needs to take care.” He looked at her stomach.

“I’ve been looking into doctors and have narrowed it down to three.”

“You might as well start putting out feelers for a nanny, too. Your assistant can help you find one.”

“I don’t need a nanny.”

He rose to his feet, intimidating at such close proximity. “You won’t need a nanny, but it’s a good idea. Managing this estate takes a lot of time, even with help from Saunders and Svana. There’ll also be social engagements we have to attend, and we can’t leave our daughter with just anyone. Whether we hire someone full-time or part-time, it’s good to have one.”

“I want to raise my child myself.” She wanted to be the kind of mother she’d had growing up and couldn’t imagine letting someone else interfere with that special bond.

“Getting outside help is no reflection on the type of mother you’ll be. I’m sure many more women would do it if they could afford to. We certainly can.”

“I’ll think about it.” Eva’s eyes scanned the room in search of the cake, needing a chocolate fix now more than ever.

“A nanny’s role is to help you, not take your place.”

“I said I’ll think about it.”

He fell silent. “It’s not as bad as you think. I had a nanny growing up.”

And look how good you turned out, Eva thought nastily.

“By the way, expect a call from Cassidy and Celeste. I forgot to mention it, but at the wedding, Celeste said something about taking you to lunch.”

A lunch date sounded like a good idea, and her sisters-in-law had both been friendly and welcoming. “Did she say when?”

“No. She said she would give you a call.” He pressed his fingers to the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes.

“What’s wrong?”

“Didn’t I tell you already that I’m fine?”

“I’m only asking because you look like death,” Eva snapped. “Forgive me for showing some concern.”

She swung on her heel and marched over to the counter where the rest of the cake sat on the cake stand. If he weren’t in the room, she might have grabbed a handful and shoved it in her mouth. Of course, if he weren’t here, she wouldn’t be so upset that she felt the need to eat the cake in that manner.

“I have a headache,” he mumbled, almost grudgingly. “If it doesn’t go away in a little bit, I’ll take something for it.”

She glanced at him sideways. “Maybe you’re working too hard. You’re never here.”

She yanked open the cutlery drawer.

“Don’t tell me you miss me?” Derrick asked.

Focused on searching for a knife, Eva ignored the question. Behind her, the soles of his expensive leather shoes moved softly across the tile.

“Do you, Eva? Do you miss me?”

The outright question stilled her hands in the drawer. From his tone, she knew he stood right behind her. Closing her eyes, she bit back the words that would leave her vulnerable to him.

Yes, I miss you.

She missed him with a level of intensity she hadn’t felt before moving into this house. On St. Simons Island, she could slowly recover from the breakup and had friends there to occupy her time so she didn’t have to spend almost every waking minute thinking about him.

But here . . . here there was no escape from the thoughts. She tried to stay busy, but there was no way to dull the ache in the pit of her stomach. She couldn’t even lie to herself any longer and pretend she felt nothing for him.

Not when she listened for him every night, longed for him to join her for dinner, and wished he would seek out her company just once.

Her fingers tightened around the knife. “You’re fishing for compliments.”

The biting sarcasm she hoped would fill her voice fell flat, but she still got her message across. It was one of the few defenses she had left, because her plan to shield her heart during the period he gave her to get used to married life had failed miserably.

She cared about him, no matter how much she didn’t want to.

“Yeah,” he said. “And I’m fishing for them in the wrong place.”

A tight pain pulled at her stomach, and she turned around. “What do you mean by that? Are you going to cast your net somewhere else?”

He stopped midstride on the way out the door and turned to face her. “Why would I need to seek out other women when I have a beautiful wife at home?” he asked, his voice rife with sarcasm. With slow steps, he approached her, and her heart tripped with trepidation. “Which reminds me—I need to inform you that your time is almost up. And a word of advice . . .” His gaze swept the length of the robe, and she shivered at the hotness of his gaze.

The clothing seemed inadequate when before it had sufficed. She almost felt as if he could see right through the silk and the nightgown under it.

“Consider yourself lucky that I’m tired right now. In the future, I suggest you wear a potato sack or garbage bag when you walk around the house at night, because if I ever catch you in anything remotely close to what you’re wearing again, your time to get used to the marriage will come to an end.”

With those words hanging in the air, he left.





Chapter Eight




Bright and early Friday morning, both Cassidy and Celeste pulled up to the house at the same time in separate cars. Rather than a simple lunch, the three had decided to go shopping together. When Eva met them downstairs in the foyer, Cassidy—petite in contrast to her tall brothers—greeted her with a big smile and hug.

“Hi, sis!”

Cassidy’s boisterous personality made Eva smile. She was the youngest of Derrick’s siblings. She worked four ten-hour days, so she always had Fridays off, and with Celeste a stay-at-home wife, they had the entire day to hang out.

“Ready to go?” Celeste asked. She was model tall and more reserved, but Eva remembered she’d liked her right away when they met.

“Yes. Too bad your daughter’s in school and couldn’t come with us. She’s so adorable.”

“No, be thankful. She’ll talk your ear off about this, that, and the other. Believe me, it can be exhausting. Right now she wants to be an astronomer and can’t stop talking about all the constellations.”

“An astronomer? Constellations?” Eva closed the front door and followed the other two to the waiting car. “Sounds pretty advanced for a six-year-old.”

The driver stood at rigid attention with the door open, dressed in black from the top of his cap to his shiny shoes. As they piled into the vehicle, the other two laughed at her surprise.

“Didn’t Derrick tell you? Roarke is an astrophysicist. Arianna’s always been interested in science. I don’t know where she gets it from, because it certainly wasn’t from me or her father. She and Roarke are as thick as thieves. He’s been good for her, nurturing her interest. It helped them bond much faster than I would have expected.”

“Believe me, Roarke loves it, too,” Cassidy said. “No one else will listen to him drone on and on about stars, black holes, subatomic particles, and blah, blah, blah.”

“Awww, that’s one of the things I loved about him when I first met him.” Celeste turned to Eva with love shining in her eyes. “He’s so passionate about it. I’m interested in what he does—I really am—but I have to admit, sometimes it’s so far over my head I space out.”

“I knew it!” Cassidy said with satisfaction. She started handing them glasses from the minibar.

“Don’t you dare tell him.”

“I won’t, but he probably knows already. Everybody gives him a hard time.”

Celeste continued talking to Eva. “He’s going to Europe next year to present his latest findings at a conference in Germany. I’m so proud of him.”

“Roarke is smart,” Cassidy agreed. “If he did oncology research, we’d probably have a cure for cancer by now.” She poured champagne for herself and Celeste and sparkling cider for Eva. She held up her glass. “Okay, ladies, we’re going to shop till we drop. You got your credit card?”

“I do,” Eva replied, patting her purse.

Derrick had given her a credit card, and he set up a checking account for her, into which an obscene amount of money would be deposited the first business day of each month as her allowance.

When she’d protested and told him she couldn’t fathom spending that much money every month, he’d shrugged and said if she didn’t, that was fine, but it was available for her use. He reminded her that as his wife, she would need “a new wardrobe, dresses for various social engagements, maternity clothes, clothes for the baby, and we’ll have to decorate the nursery. It’ll be gone in no time. Trust me.”

The three women clinked their glasses together. “Where are we headed first?” Eva asked. When Celeste had called to invite her out, she had been very secretive. She and Cassidy had planned the entire day for the three of them.

Celeste looked at Cassidy with a mischievous smile on her face. “Should we tell her now or wait?”

“Let’s tell her now.”

“We’re going to New York.”

“New York?” Eva looked from one to the other. “As in New York City?”

Cassidy nodded excitedly. “Your assistant worked with us on everything. We’ve got appointments at some of the most exclusive boutiques, and lunch and dinner plans are all set. Derrick let us use the corporate jet for the day, which means no horrible airport security lines. It’s gassed up and ready for us.”

“And here I was thinking we’d just visit some of the shops in the Atlanta area. It must be awfully expensive.”

Cassidy crossed her legs and reclined against the black leather seats. “It is, but Derrick doesn’t care, and neither should you. You’re married to my brother. Relax and enjoy the ride.”

“This is typical Derrick,” Celeste added. “He does everything with style.”

And what style it was.

They were greeted at the private airstrip by a smiling flight attendant who escorted them up the stairs into the cabin, which divided into three compartments. A small boardroom could be enclosed behind sliding doors covered in frosted glass. The second compartment was made up of tan, extra-large leather chairs that swiveled 360 degrees and reclined all the way back to accommodate sleeping. They were grouped in fours, separated by polished wood tables. This area led into a small, open lounge that contained sofas made of cushiony soft nylon in the same color as the leather chairs. In front of each were two narrow tables with space in between them to pass through to the third compartment, the bedroom. It contained a shower and queen-size bed.

Once they reached cruising altitude, they took off their seat belts, and the flight attendant served hors d’oeuvres and drinks. Individual itineraries, which had been waiting for them on the plane, listed each store and appointment. The entire day had been planned with military precision, and the excitement generated by her sisters-in-law carried over to Eva. Because the situation between her and Derrick hadn’t improved, today’s outing boosted her morale.

In New York, a car service took them to each of the appointments where personal shoppers laid out designer gowns and chic outfits befitting the wife of a multimillionaire. Eva had to admit she enjoyed all the fuss, and once she relaxed about how much the clothes cost, the day became less stressful.

It boggled her mind to think she didn’t need to look at the price tag. If she wanted it, she could have it, along with all the accessories and shoes to match. By lunch, they were ready for a break and stopped at a trendy Manhattan restaurant where they counted three celebrities seated at tables around them.

“I can’t eat another bite,” Cassidy groaned, pushing her empty dessert plate to the edge of the table.

Celeste snorted. “Now that your plate is empty, you can’t eat another bite?”

“Don’t judge me. That cheesecake was delicious.”

Eva nodded her head vigorously in agreement as the last bite of her slice melted on her tongue. “Mmmm. I may have to get one to go.”

“Me, too. And one of those chocolate cakes Celeste had. Antonio has a weakness for anything chocolate—brownies, cake, you name it. I’ll have to get one for him.”

“Is that the way you get whatever you want out of your husband?” Eva teased. “Bake him some brownies and you’re good to go, huh?”

Cassidy shook her head. “I can’t cook a thing. I even burn water.” Eva and Celeste giggled. “I’m serious. He doesn’t care about that, which is shocking, because his mom and sister, who’s my best friend, can get in the kitchen and whip up a yummy meal in two seconds flat. Lucky for me, I’ve found other ways to keep him happy.” She winked.

“Don’t start,” Celeste warned.

“Don’t start what?” Eva asked, on the verge of laughing already. Cassidy was quite a character.

“People get uncomfortable when I talk about sex,” she said, rolling her eyes. “It’s natural, and I don’t talk about it with everybody—only the people I feel comfortable discussing it with.”

“Except the people you feel comfortable discussing it with don’t want to discuss it with you.”

“Whatever.” She took a sip of her water. “Can I just say one little thing?” She leaned over the table and lowered her voice. “Sometimes, when we’re making love, he talks to me in Spanish. It’s so sexy. Ohmigod.”

“Do you know what he’s saying?” Eva asked.

“Yeah, he might be saying, ‘Oh, my back, my back.’” Celeste laughed at her own joke.

“Ha ha. Very funny.” Cassidy shook her head with a smile. “No, I don’t know what he’s saying, but I’ve started taking a Spanish course. When we went to see his abuela—that’s grandmother in Spanish—in Puerto Rico for her ninetieth birthday last month, I couldn’t communicate with her and some of the other family members. I thought it would be nice for me to learn some words and phrases to ease communication.”

“Good idea. I’m sure Antonio will appreciate it.” Celeste signaled for the waiter. “We better get moving if we want to get to the next store in time for our appointment. I can’t wait to see all the cute little baby outfits.”

“Let me run to the bathroom,” Eva said, rising from the chair. She placed the credit card on the table to cover the meals. “I swear my bladder’s down to the size of a pea. Go ahead and get the chocolate dessert for your husband.”

“You don’t have to tell me twice,” Cassidy said.

After Eva used the bathroom, she pulled out her lipstick to touch up her lips. As she stood there, a woman came in, but instead of going into one of the stalls, she walked over and stood next to her.

“Hi,” the woman said. Her dark brown eyes gave Eva a once-over, as if she were checking her out.

“Hi,” Eva said cautiously. A knot of unease settled in her gut.

The other woman was much taller, and her hair was cut very low in a short Afro. The haircut complemented the strong bone structure of her face. Her polished, stylish appearance made Eva think she came from a wealthy background.

“You’re Eva, right? Derrick Hoffman’s new wife.”

The knot grew larger. “Yes, that’s right. Were you at the wedding?”

“No. I’m an old friend of Derrick’s.”

The way she said the words, Eva knew immediately there had been nothing friendly about their acquaintance. She practically licked her lips when she said his name.

“My name’s Johnnie. When you passed by my table, I wasn’t sure at first if you were Derrick’s wife. I’m in Atlanta almost as much as I’m in New York because I have a place there. I saw the announcement in the society pages.”

Eva nodded, not sure what to say. “Oh, okay. Well, it was nice to meet you.”

As she turned to go, Johnnie said, “Well played, by the way.”

Against her better judgment, Eva stopped and turned around. “Excuse me? What does that mean?”

“It means exactly what I said. Getting pregnant was genius. The ratio of women to eligible men in Atlanta is something outrageous, isn’t it, like ten to one or something? At least that’s what I keep hearing, but who knows if those statistics are true? I’ve always been able to find a man.” She laughed softly with the confidence of someone who understood her appeal and capitalized on it. “Whether those numbers are true or not, you hit the jackpot by scooping up one of the most eligible bachelors in the city off the market, and right after his daddy left him all . . . that . . . money.” Johnnie proceeded to pat her short hair, though it didn’t need it.

Eva suddenly felt hot all over. How many people knew about the pregnancy? How many other people thought the same thing? She felt the need to defend herself.

“Not that my marriage is any of your business, but I didn’t plan to get pregnant to nab Derrick.”

Johnnie’s eyes looked back at her from the mirror. “Please don’t take what I said the wrong way. I’m not mad at you; I’m jealous. Wish I’d thought of it first. He was always so careful, though. He always wore a condom, and he only used condoms he bought, as if he didn’t trust me.”

Eva swallowed down the nausea creeping up her throat. She didn’t want to hear about any of Derrick’s past sexual exploits, and she certainly didn’t want to talk to one of his previous lovers about his habits in bed.

“Maybe he had reason not to.”

The comment came out before she could censor it, but in all honesty, she didn’t want to. This woman had no right to approach her with this type of conversation. It was insulting, and she sure as hell wasn’t going to let her or anyone else make her feel guilty or embarrassed about something she didn’t do.

Johnnie stopped admiring herself in the mirror and faced Eva head-on. She placed one hand on her hip and smiled like someone who relished knowing a secret no one else was privy to. “It doesn’t seem like I’m the one he had to worry about, now does it?”

Somehow Eva restrained herself from slapping the smirk off of Johnnie’s face.

The bathroom door opened, and in walked Cassidy.

Johnnie smiled. “Hi, Cassidy. Good to see you again.”

“The pleasure’s all yours,” Cassidy said loud enough to be heard as Johnnie took leave of the bathroom. She walked over to Eva. “What did that catty bitch want? I saw her come in after you and thought she might be up to something.”

Instead of answering, Eva asked, “How do you know her?”

Cassidy sighed. “She’s someone from Derrick’s past and the daughter of one of Phineas’s old business associates. No one important.

“Our family got together for New Year’s, and he brought her with him. I didn’t like her in the first place, but then she got drunk and tried to seduce Roarke. Believe me, it created major problems. We didn’t see her again after New Year’s Eve. I guess he got rid of her.” She touched Eva’s arm. “Hey, whatever she said, don’t let it get to you. She’s probably jealous. Derrick has a really good business sense—I guess that’s why Phineas left him everything—but he didn’t have the best judgment when it came to women. We’re all trying to figure out how he ended up with someone like you. You’re so normal.”

Eva laughed shortly. “Yeah, I’m normal.”

Apparently, normal didn’t cut it for Derrick. Even though Johnnie may not have been liked by his family, she was the one he chose to introduce to them.

Not her.





Chapter Nine




Eva refused to let the unexpected conversation after lunch spoil her day out. Growing up as an only child, she’d always longed to have siblings. By marrying Derrick, she felt as if she’d gained two new sisters and intended to enjoy the time in their company.

Their trip ended on a positive note when they entered FAO Schwarz and shopped for items for the baby. Eva bought a few stuffed animals and other toys. She picked up items for Arianna, too, and insisted Celeste accept the gifts when she tried to protest.

Just after seven, they were on the plane and being served a gourmet meal. They then migrated over to the lounge after dinner.

Cassidy lay down on one sofa, using a cushion as a pillow. She yawned. “I ate too much, I need a nap, and my feet hurt. I wish my hubby was here to rub my feet for me.”

Celeste curled her legs up under her. “We’ll get there soon enough.”

“I’m so spoiled, aren’t I? He’s so good to me.”

Eva felt a pang of jealousy—a common occurrence throughout the day. Celeste and Cassidy were so happy in their marriages, with husbands who loved them and whom they loved. All day she’d listened to their cute stories and had nothing to contribute because she and Derrick didn’t have the same kind of relationship.

He seemed further away now than ever before, even though in reality he slept only a few feet from her. He was giving her what she’d said she wanted, but she didn’t really want this. She wanted to feel special, the way Antonio made Cassidy feel.

Derrick provided the basic needs of food and shelter, but there was one other need she had that he couldn’t fulfill, the need for love, and he had no interest in fulfilling it, either. He wanted her sexually, but otherwise, he couldn’t summon enough of an interest to spend any time with her.

Their marriage was a joke. They barely spoke, they slept in separate bedrooms, and whenever their paths crossed, they spoke in monosyllables to each other.

“I’m exhausted, but I had a good time,” Eva said. “Thank you both so much for spending the day with me.”

“Our pleasure,” Cassidy said. She yawned again and closed her eyes. “Plus, we got some goodies. Thank you for the jewelry.”

“You’re welcome. It was the least I could do since you took the time to plan the day and spend it with me.”

Within a few minutes, Cassidy was dozing on the sofa, and Celeste and Eva talked quietly. Celeste shared her advice about pregnancy and told Eva what to expect in the coming months.

“I can’t wait until I start showing more,” Eva confessed. She patted her stomach.

“You’re so lucky. You know that show where they feature women who go into labor and didn’t even know they were pregnant? I was the complete opposite. I had a baby bump early on. At six months pregnant, everyone thought I was full term. By the time I was full term, I could barely get around, my hips and thighs were ten times this size”—she waved her hand in the general direction of her hips and thighs—“if you could believe that—and my face, oh, don’t get me started on my fat face and neck.” She smiled wistfully. “But I love my baby girl. I wouldn’t trade her for the world.”

“From what I understand, you and Roarke got married very quickly . . . ?”

“Mhmm. I’ll spare you the details. Here’s a quick summary. I met him the week before Cassidy’s wedding, but nothing came of it. I went to the wedding with Derrick, and we met again and realized we wanted to be together. It was crazy and spontaneous.”

“I didn’t know you went to Cassidy’s wedding . . . with Derrick?”

Celeste looked slightly embarrassed when she realized her slip. “Not with Derrick. I mean . . . well, he needed a date, and I agreed to go with him, but we’ve always only been friends.”

“Oh.”

“I’m sorry, Eva, I wasn’t thinking. Believe me, it was nothing. Derrick covered the costs of the trip as a favor because I couldn’t afford to miss work.” Then she added with a wince, “You and Derrick were together at the time, weren’t you?”

“Well . . .” Eva hedged. She didn’t want Celeste to feel bad. Derrick chose to go with her because he wanted to. Eva’s feelings on the matter were irrelevant, and Celeste’s disclosure proved once again that she had not been as important to him as he had been to her. “Actually, we stopped seeing each other around that time, so really, it’s not even an issue.”

“Oh, that’s why he said his plans fell through and he had to find another date.”

The words caused a sharp stab of pain in her chest. Even before Celeste, there had been someone else he planned to take?

“Good, because this conversation was about to get awkward. And I’m glad the two of you worked out your differences and found your way back to each other.”

“Thanks.”

Eva put on a brave front for Celeste, but inside, her heart seized up with pain. What reason could there be for him to share his life with other women in such an intimate way, but not with her?

Over an hour later, Celeste and Cassidy drove away in their respective cars. With Svana’s help, Eva trudged upstairs with all her purchases. Derrick wasn’t home yet, so she took a shower and donned a peach nightgown.

By now, her hurt had transformed into anger. The more she thought about the conversation with Celeste, the more upset she became. She walked over to the door leading into the sitting room of their suite and cracked it open so she could hear Derrick when he came in.

He would not ignore her tonight.



****



Derrick rose from behind the desk he’d been practically fastened to all day. Across from him sat his vice president of operations and his CFO, both of whom he had come to rely on heavily in recent weeks. With their help, he expected to distribute a package about the financial health of the company to all the firm’s employees and leak key elements to the top business outlets in print and digital media.

The purpose was to show the stability of HLC as they moved toward expanding their reach by entering a strategic alliance with a key player in the Greek shipping industry. If he could ink the deal, a negotiation his father had been working on before his death, it would expand HLC’s interests abroad and capture a significant percentage of the international logistics market.

“All right,” he said. “That’s enough for today.”

“Do you need us this weekend?” his VP of operations asked.

Derrick stuck the pages he’d been writing notes and figures on into a file. He couldn’t tell if the tone of her voice was hopeful because of the hefty additional wages she earned for working on the weekend, or because she looked forward to getting a break.

“No, I’m good. Let’s take the weekend to think about what we discussed today. We’ll meet in here first thing on Monday morning and tweak our plans if necessary.”

After they left, he dropped the files in his briefcase and snapped it shut.

He didn’t relish going home and sleeping next door to a wife he couldn’t touch. Before Eva moved in, he never stayed this late at the office. He took the work home and finished up there.

Derrick shook his head. He was running from a woman half his size, and all because he’d agreed to give her time. It was just as well. He got plenty of work done and felt a lot better about the direction the company was going in than he did when he first took over.

In the outer office, his administrative assistant was logging off her computer. Her head snapped up when she heard him.

“Do you need anything else, Mr. Hoffman?”

She’d been his father’s admin, too. Since she was young and attractive, he’d had his doubts about his father’s decision to hire her, but having worked closely with her, he grew to appreciate her work ethic and professionalism. He’d been tempted to sleep with her when his father was alive, but now he was glad he hadn’t. He would have jeopardized a relationship with a great assistant.

“No. Have a great weekend. I’ll see you next week.”

When he arrived home, he didn’t go upstairs right away. He entered the study, which had been his father’s. Two of the dark walls were filled with books on built-in shelves. File cabinets took up half of one wall. In the center of the room sat a heavy wooden desk, directly across from the fireplace, above which hung portraits of his mother and father.

Set off by itself sat a cabinet humidor, polished until the wood gleamed. Phineas had been a cigar aficionado, and Derrick had given him the large piece of custom-made furniture as a gift for the storage and preservation of his cigar collection.

He removed a cigar from the cabinet and lit it, then stepped out onto the terrace. Holding it between his index finger and thumb, he took a puff and let the smoke ease past his lips.

What would Phineas think of his progress so far? Would he be proud? Was he on the right track? He hoped so. The success of the company depended on his ability to think and strategize in the same way his father had when he was alive.

If all went well with the Greeks, the only other major item on his plate would be the court battle with his family.

When he finished smoking, he went upstairs to get ready for bed. He looked forward to a shower and a night of rest.





Chapter Ten




With the door cracked open, Eva heard Derrick the minute he entered their suite. Her heart started into a sprint like a racehorse jumping forward at the crack of a gun. She hopped from the bed, where she’d been rereading the same page for the past half hour, and clicked the door shut. Pacing the floor, she decided to give him time to get settled before approaching him.

When she felt enough time had passed, she pulled on the lace-edged robe that matched her nightgown, knotted the band around her waist, and went to the connecting door and knocked. The absurdity of having to knock on her husband’s bedroom door infuriated her. No response came from his side, so she knocked again, louder this time. Still no answer. Couldn’t he hear her?

She twisted the doorknob and stormed in, but came to a halt in the middle of the room when she found it empty. As the door clicked close behind her, she took a look around. It was decorated in masculine tones, dark, heavy wood and varying hues of the colors brown and black. Without a single flower or soft color in sight, no one could mistake this for anything but the room of a driven, potent male.

Her eyes strayed to the huge, perfectly made bed with a wrought iron frame. It was custom-made and sat high off the floor. To get in, she’d have to climb up . . . Her thoughts screeched to a halt, and she tore her eyes away, noting the clothes tossed carelessly across one of the armchairs near the window. Where the hell was he?

In answer to her question, the bathroom door opened, and Derrick emerged in an unexpected way. He strolled out, naked as the day he was born, rubbing a towel across his wet skin.

It had been so long, she’d forgotten the type of sensual power the sight of his bare skin wielded. For a moment, she couldn’t remember why she’d gone there in the first place, reason vanishing as her eyes drank in every piece of sinewy flesh.

Breathing, normally an instinctive process, became a chore that needed a heightened level of coordination she became incapable of performing. A sheen of water remained layered over his golden skin. He paused at the sight of her, and she shamelessly focused on the muscles of his arms, his hair-sprinkled chest, and rock-hard abdomen.

Her thighs clenched as her gaze traveled further south to the thick shaft hanging between his muscular legs. A long time passed before she was able to tear her eyes away, and only because it made a show of rising halfway in a slow salute to her.

Eva’s gaze met Derrick’s, and a gradual smile transformed his face. Guilty heat blazed across her cheeks at his knowing look.

“Would you please cover yourself?” She cleared her throat to take the attention off her tremor-filled voice, but she knew he heard it.

He took his sweet time blotting his skin with the towel. “It’s not my fault you came into my room without asking and got an eyeful. Although I don’t see why you’re acting like such a prude. You’ve seen all of this before.”

What he said was true, but in the past, she’d also been able to touch him at will. Right now she couldn’t, and her greedy gaze lingered about his hips as he wrapped the towel around his narrow waist.

“I need to talk to you.” She curled her fingers around the loop of the knot in her belt in an attempt to fight back the ache pounding between her legs.

He walked by her, and she smelled the minty freshness of toothpaste or mouthwash and the clean scent of pine from his shower. She had to close her eyes for a moment to keep her bearings. Her body, jolted into sexual awareness, was acutely cognizant of his. Beneath the layers of satin, her nipples grew tight and strained against the fabric in appreciation of his hard physique.

Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea.

“What about?”

She turned around to look at him. He stood before the dresser and picked up a bottle of deodorant.

“I had an interesting conversation with Celeste today.”

He raised a brow at her reflection in the mirror. “Why would this interest me?”

“Because we talked about you. She mentioned accompanying you to your sister’s wedding in May.”

“And?” he asked, rolling the deodorant under his arm.

“You and I were seeing each other then, and we had an agreement that when you were in town, you spent your time with me.”

“If you recall,” he said, “that was the same weekend you told me you wanted to end our relationship because it wasn’t working out. I don’t see the relevance now.”

“That’s not the point. We weren’t finished yet.” She stopped, afraid to ask the next question. “Why didn’t you ask me to go to the wedding with you?”

He set down the bottle. “Because I asked Celeste.”

The droll answer angered and hurt all at once. She pressed on, though, because she needed to know if she’d really meant so little to him.

“She said you even invited someone else before you invited her.” Her voice sounded steady, even though pain twisted in her and made it difficult to talk. “She thought it was me, but it wasn’t. Why didn’t you ask me? You owe me an answer.”

With a sigh, Derrick turned from the mirror. “No, actually, I don’t. I went to my sister’s wedding with a friend, and that’s all you need to know. Celeste and I have always had a platonic relationship, and she’s married to my brother now. I’m sure she explained we went as friends.”

“She did, and she also explained that you took care of her costs for the entire trip. You went through all that expense when I was already there.”

“What do you want me to say? I never lied to you, Eva. This is a ridiculous conversation. I told you from the beginning I would see other people.”

“Not when you came to town. You promised. And what about the other woman you chose before Celeste? Who was she?” She didn’t want to be one of those women—whiny and needy—yet here she was, being whiny, being needy, and hating herself for it.

He pinned her with a withering stare that probably caused others to shake in their boots but bounced off of her because of her determination to get answers. “We’re not going to talk about this anymore. I have my reasons for doing what I did, but it’s in the past now. Let it go. I’m surprised you’re even asking me these questions when that was the same weekend you told me you no longer wanted to see me.”

“Would you have been okay with me coming to Atlanta and seeing another man while I was here?”

His gaze narrowed. “Don’t be ridiculous.”

“Just as I thought,” she said bitterly. “You had a different set of rules for yourself.”

“I don’t need this right now.” He rolled his neck. “When you go to see the doctor next week, see if they can prescribe something to get your hormones back into balance.”

Eva trembled with rage at his condescending tone. “There is nothing wrong with my hormones. You just don’t like being called out for the hypocrite you are. Since you didn’t even respect our agreement, I can only imagine how many women you slept with during the short period we were together. Oh, by the way, I ran into one of your exes—Johnnie, the one you spent New Year’s Eve with. Charming.”

His mouth settled into a disapproving line, but otherwise, he didn’t react. She’d thought, hoped, she could get through to him, but that wasn’t the case. No closer to getting answers than when she walked in, Eva’s frustration mounted.

Derrick folded his arms across his bare chest. “I don’t have to explain myself, but Johnnie was before you. Even if she wasn’t, my seeing other women didn’t affect what we had. You don’t hear me demanding to hear all the juicy details about your other male friends, like the schmuck you planned to go out with the weekend I canceled my trip to the island. Spare me the jealous act. I don’t question the men you slept with when we were together, so don’t question what I did.”

But there hadn’t been anyone else for her. Because she’d waited around for him to grace her with his presence whenever he was in town, happy for the crumbs from the table of his time.

“You don’t even know him. James isn’t a schmuck. He’s a nice guy.”

He became very still. “His name is James?” His eyes locked on to hers, and she saw the anger simmering in them. The smoky blue-gray darkened to slate. She’d never seen that look on his face before. “Don’t ever mention his name in this house again,” he said quietly.

A little piece of her thrilled at the command, even as she understood the gravity of his words.

“We shouldn’t have gotten married,” she said in a quiet voice. “This whole thing was a huge mistake. We don’t see each other. We don’t talk. We don’t do anything.”

With a sardonic lift to his eyebrow, he said, “I figured you’d be happy to be alone.”

“Normal people don’t like being alone.”

“I take it you’re implying I’m abnormal?”

She let her silence be the answer.

“What you see is what you get. What more do you want?”

She thought about the day spent with Cassidy and Celeste and the life they shared with their husbands.

“I want a real marriage—”

“We have a real marriage.”

“With affection and . . . love.”

“Love wasn’t on the table.”

Her throat tightened.

“You can’t live off of love,” he continued. “It doesn’t pay the bills. Ask your girlfriends what they would rather have: love or money. The realistic ones will say money. The Pollyanna ones looking at the world through rose-colored glasses, like you, will say love.”

“I’m not Pollyanna,” Eva said defensively. “Is it so hard for you to understand a woman would want to marry for love? This—this marriage won’t last.”

“It has as much of a chance of survival as any other marriage. Fifty-fifty. Those are the odds. I promised you fidelity, and I promised to take care of you. That’s a hell of a lot more than most women can say they receive. You should be on your knees thanking me.”

He moved restlessly, pushing away from the dresser, and took a few steps in her direction. “This conversation is over. I’ve had a long day, and I’m ready for bed.”

His gaze wandered down her body, and prickly longing oozed into her again. Why couldn’t she stop wanting him? Even when he angered her, the heat of desire stirred her blood.

“Unless you plan to join me, I suggest you head to your own room.”

Eva pulled the robe tighter around her body. “I wouldn’t let you touch me if you begged.”

“Beg? You must think you have kryptonite between your legs.”

“No, because that would make you Superman. And we both know there’s nothing super about you.”

“Ouch, you’re really pulling out the big guns tonight.”

“You make me sick.”

His mouth lifted at the corner. “You’re so sick you come up in here like a jealous wife. If I didn’t know better, I’d think you were purposely trying to piss me off. Is that what’s going on?”

Was it true? Had she come here to goad him into some type of response, to get a reaction—anything—instead of him being so cold all the time? She certainly wanted more contact, and ached for the way they used to be before they broke up, even if it had been one-sided. Nothing would please her more than to get just a little bit of affection from him, a touch . . . anything.

“I’m riled up because of your dishonesty, and I wish I’d never agreed to this sham marriage,” she said instead.

“Too late to back out now, sweetheart.”

“You’ll never change, will you?”

His smile came slow. “Why should I?”

“God, I hate you.”

This entire episode had been a wasted effort. Nothing could penetrate the ice around his heart. With nothing left to say, Eva stepped wide around him toward the connecting door.





Derrick drew his fingers into a fist, watching her as she moved past him.

He was going to let her walk away. He really was. The random tantrum tossed at him at the end of another long day had irritated him, and he wasn’t in the mood to deal with her accusations. But when she flounced by him in a whisper of satin and lace, he caught a whiff of carrot and honey. The scent grabbed him and shattered his good intentions. Hunger assailed him like miniature daggers attacking his groin. It reminded him that she was his wife. He had every right to her body, and he would no longer deprive himself.

When she swung open the connecting door, he was already behind her, and his palm collided with the wood above her head, slamming it hard against the frame.

She froze.

“You’re sleeping in here tonight.”





Chapter Eleven




Only seconds passed before she responded, but it seemed longer. He waited patiently, his jaw aching as he fought the tension taking over every cell of his body.

“I’m going to sleep in the other room.”

He bent to her ear, dragging another breath of her provocative scent into his lungs. She smelled so good he couldn’t wait to lick every inch of her body. “Is that what you think?”

She edged sideways, refusing to turn and look at him, and he brought up his other hand to the door, imprisoning her in the wide circle of his arms. Stepping closer, he wedged a knee between her legs and pressed his erection into her buttocks, the urgent pounding of his hard flesh leaving no doubt as to his intentions.

His actions were demanding, but he didn’t have a choice. The choice had been wrenched from him the minute she walked in and he saw the heated look in her eyes when she caught sight of his nakedness. Their argument had only delayed the inevitable.

He continued to whisper in her ear. “We haven’t consummated our marriage yet, which is interesting, considering before we were married, we couldn’t keep our hands off of each other. You want us to get it over with, don’t you, Eva? Isn’t that why you came in here so angry, all worked up with jealousy? And you got me worked up, too.”

“You’re wrong. I’m not jealous,” she said unconvincingly.

“Oh, you’re jealous, all right.”

She pressed closer to the door to evade him, but he followed, drawn like a bear to a honeycomb, unable to resist the primal urges of his body. A soft laugh drifted across his lips as he closed in, trapping her in a tight cage made of skin and muscle.

“You said you were tired.” She could pretend if she wanted to, but the tightness in her voice laid bare the truth for his ears to hear.

“Not anymore.” He reached around in front of her and tugged the knotted belt loose. “I warned you about what you should wear walking around this house at night. Turn around. Let me look at you.”

Slowly, Eva turned to face him, so close in proximity the soft satin dragged across the skin of his chest. He grabbed the edges of the robe and pushed it from her shoulders, allowing it to fall in a puddle at her feet.

He lowered his head and tasted the fullness of her mouth, setting off a spark of fire that blazed through his blood. “You taste so good,” he murmured, nipping at her lips. “I could just eat you up.”

Seizing her lips again, he devoured them with a demanding kiss. She half moaned, half whimpered as she collapsed into him, opening her mouth for the erotic twirl of his tongue. He crushed her, flattening her soft breasts against the hard plane of his chest and grinding his hips into hers to alleviate the pressure in his loins.





Eva whimpered softly, splaying her hands across Derrick’s back, delighting in the velvety softness of his skin over the rigid muscles of steel. Her hands drifted lower and loosened the towel, discarding it to the floor so she could drag her nails up his hair-dusted thighs, feeling the muscles tense beneath her touch. He groaned and shoved one hand into her hair to anchor her mouth even harder to his. Slowly, she moved her hands higher up the back of his legs to grip his tight buttocks.

Tearing his mouth away, he lowered his head and dropped kisses down her neck—sucking the sensitive flesh there—and moved across her collarbone, then to her breasts covered by the sheer material.

The pressure of his lips made her ache unbearably. It had been so long since he’d touched her, since she’d felt his mouth on her body, that she grabbed him by the back of his head and pulled his head tight to her breast, forgoing gentleness and silently making her demands. His mouth opened over the turgid peak of one nipple and sucked it through the peach-colored satin, the sharp pain of pleasure landing like a lightning bolt between her thighs.

He soaked the material with his fervent sucking, and her knees buckled, so that the only reason she stood upright was because of her arms entwined around his neck. Her fingers combed through the curls at his nape, holding him tight, her voice vibrating with need as she whispered, “Yes, yes.”

When he lifted his head, she greedily sought his mouth to tug on his lower lip, then nibbled his chin and rubbed her nose along the crook in his neck. His heavy pants matched her own.

“Take off your panties.”

The rough texture of his voice as he whispered the command almost made her come right then. What could she do but obey? Primed as she was, they were of little use to her now, soaked with the evidence of her voracious need for him.

She slipped the underwear past her hips, stepping out of them as he gathered the end of the gown and proceeded to pull it over her head. Once she was naked, they reached for each other at the same time, their mouths fusing in a hungry kiss. He backed her across the room until her thighs hit the edge of the bed.

When he released her lips, he gave her direction without saying a word by turning her around and then patting her bottom to urge her up onto the bed. She climbed up and crawled to the middle on her knees. Eyes closed, she felt the mattress depress as he joined her. Anticipation raced through her body, and she bit her lip to stop from begging him to hurry.

He edged closer, and she wobbled in her position on all fours. One hand smoothed over her right butt cheek, and his moist lips pressed a kiss to the hot flesh. Biting down harder on her bottom lip, Eva lowered her shoulders and arched her back, pushing her bottom toward his mouth.

He sucked his breath between his teeth and swore softly. “Look at you.”

He treated the outer edge of the crack of her backside to the slow, intimate trail of his tongue, all the way up to the base of her spine, where he pressed a solitary kiss. She couldn’t take much more, certain she’d lose her mind if he didn’t hurry and enter her soon.

The palm of his hand landed on her butt cheek. “On your back. I have something else in mind for you first.”

Eva rolled onto her back.

“Now open those pretty legs for me, sweetheart.”

Her legs fell apart immediately. She watched him through half-closed eyes, anxiously awaiting his next move.

The breath hitched in her throat when he lowered his head between her legs and became reacquainted with her in the most intimate way. With her legs opened the span of his powerful shoulders, he had unrestricted access. His tongue stroked across the sensitive flesh, pulling her closer to heaven on earth. With each lick, more moisture oozed from her body, coating his tongue and mouth. The rumbling sound of his groans confirmed the pleasure he took in the carnal act.

His hand glided up the heated flesh of her stomach to cup one breast. He stroked and caressed, adding to the inferno of pleasure that threatened to explode within her at any moment.

Lick. Kiss.

All of a sudden, the strokes grew firmer. His tongue lashed across the damp, aching folds, his lips pressed hard between her legs as if he’d suddenly grown angry he’d been denied for so long.

Lick. Kiss.

Eva moaned, tossing her head from side to side, pressing her heels into the bed to resist the urge to crush his head between her thighs. Because even though the pleasurable sensations were too much, she felt she would die if he stopped.

Lick. Kiss. Suck.

A hoarse cry exploded from her throat as she filled with ripples of ecstasy. Her thighs trembled, her back arched, and her toes curled into tight, painful knots. Clutching his head, she undulated her hips in a fevered attempt to ride out the storm.

As her heart rate slowed, Derrick lifted his head, licking his mouth to clear her body’s dew from coating his lips. He slowly began to kiss his way up her rounded stomach, toward her breasts.

“Derrick, please, I c-can’t,” Eva whispered, begging for a short reprieve after the twister-like sensations that had just swirled through her. She was still so sensitive and emotional after that climax, but he wasn’t listening.





Derrick made his way up to Eva’s breasts, admiring the way the nipples strained up at him like perfect little chocolate berries. He curled his tongue around one dark tip and sucked it before moving to the other.

The demand for satisfaction beat through him insistently. He positioned himself at the drenched entrance to her body, cupped her hips with his long fingers, and with a slow, easy stroke, he slid into her inch by inch.

The sound of her long, low moan sent shivers down his spine. She quaked beneath him, but he took his time, using unhurried, steady movements. Canting her hips upward, he dug deeper but maintained the same slow pace, and she curled backward with her eyes closed and the hands on either side of her head curled into tight fists.

He lowered his head and kissed her breasts, flicking the walnut-colored tips with his tongue, sucking and kissing the soft underside of each one.

“Is this how you hate me?” he breathed as he moved in and out of her in slow motion. His lips migrated up to her neck. He nuzzled the sensitive spot below her ear. “I love how you hate. All hot and wet around me . . . driving me insane . . . making me lose my damn mind.”

Panting, she reached around to grab his buttocks and sink her nails into the taut flesh, encouraging him to dig deeper, prodding him to drive harder. She lifted her feet off the bed and drew her knees into her chest. “More . . . more.”

Raw need clawed up his spine at her desperate pleas, even as he struggled to contain it. He wasn’t ready to let go yet, but he could feel her internal muscles clamping down, drawing him further into the wet channel, clutching him as if she would never set him free.

He tightened the muscles of his buttocks to keep from ramming into her and prematurely ejaculating before she got her pleasure.

She constricted her internal muscles, effectively wrenching control away from him.

“Damn . . .” he groaned. “Damn . . . you . . .”

Sucking deep, shuddering breaths between his teeth, he accelerated his movements, going deeper, pounding harder. Her face contorted into lines of sensual agony as he pumped in and out of her. He loved to watch her. She held him enthralled and had complete control over his body at this moment.

He knew the exact minute she came. Her lips parted on a silent cry, and her nails dug deeper into the skin of his buttocks.

Watching her reaction and feeling her convulse around him shattered the last of his reserved strength. Finally, after months of deprivation, he released inside of her with a broken groan, his body tight as a quivering bow.

Blistering fulfillment followed, and he fell over onto his side and collapsed beside her.



****



Derrick reached for the remote control beside the bed and turned out the light.

His voice came to her in the darkness from a few inches away. “I’ll have Svana move your things in here tomorrow. We’re sharing a room from now on.”

After handing down his edict, Derrick rolled onto his back and almost instantly fell asleep. He only needed a few hours to recharge. She should sleep, too, because when he awoke, he’d reach for her again, and she needed the rest to keep up with him.

Sleep escaped her, and she stayed awake for a while, listening to the sound of his even breathing. When her eyes grew accustomed to the dark, she studied his face. He looked so different when he slept, with the hard lines gone. He looked younger, almost boyish.

She grappled with conflicting feelings. Loving and hating him at the same time. Wanting nothing to do with him, but craving his touch. It hadn’t taken much for him to disprove her words tonight. She hated being so weak, but her own body had called her out for the liar she was.

Even worse, she’d been ineffective in protecting her heart. The battle she’d waged against him had proven to be as effective as using a feather to beat back the advance of a boulder.

He still owned her heart, just as sure as if he’d emblazoned his initials on it with a hot iron.

She loved him. She’d never stopped.

And there was nothing she could do about it.



****



In the middle of the night, Derrick rolled onto his side and reached for Eva. His hand dragged across her skin, skimming her slightly rounded stomach and then pushing upward to squeeze her breast. She moaned in her sleep.

He brought her awake with featherlight kisses to her neck and breasts. The soft, feminine sounds she made provoked an urgent response inside him. He guided her leg across his hip and inserted his hard flesh between her legs.

Wrapped around each other, their bodies moved together as one, chest to chest, stomach to stomach, and hip to hip. Rapid thrusting quickly brought them to the edge. She panted her sweet breath into the cords of his neck. Derrick’s fast pumping silently coaxed her forward until, with a shuddering groan, he tumbled headlong into ecstasy behind her.

With a little sigh, she went back to sleep.

In the dark, he watched her and brushed her hair back from her cheek. It seemed nothing could temper his lust for her.

He preferred his own space in bed, but tonight he made an exception. He might as well, anyway. Other women had understood his need for space, but not Eva. No matter the position they fell asleep in, she always migrated over to his side of the bed and curled into him at some point while they slept.

He closed his eyes and tightened his arms around her.



****



In the morning, Derrick awoke to Eva’s soft bottom snug against his groin. He shifted slightly, and she wiggled closer, setting his loins on fire. His penis did what it always did when he woke up next to her—hardened like quick-setting concrete.

Last night he could tell she’d grown tired, partly due, no doubt, to the pregnancy. She used to have more stamina, but he had to remember, with a baby growing inside of her, he needed to ease up. In his current erect state, he found the prospect of lying next to her like a eunuch unappealing. Resisting the urge to wake her up, he freed his arm from under her body and, with a low groan of regret, rolled away.

“Down boy,” he whispered to his erection.

While shaving in the bathroom, Derrick thought about how to proceed in the relationship. She was the affectionate type, always wanting to touch and snuggle. Having her in the master bedroom would mean waking up every morning like he did today, with her soft, warm body seared to his, and the scent of her tattooed into his skin.

He had to be careful because Eva dulled his instincts of self-preservation, making it easier for her to lead him around by the nose if he wasn’t careful. He’d seen a similar result between Phineas and his mother.

Sometimes he wondered if Phineas had known that his mother resumed the affair with his biological father. Thinking back, there had been signs of her deceit. The frequent trips, the long periods during the day when she couldn’t be reached at all, the hushed tones when she talked on the phone. Could he have known and simply ignored it, choosing to turn a blind eye in order to hold on to the trophy wife he’d fallen completely and irrevocably in love with?

Love. Derrick wouldn’t wish it on his worst enemy.

Everyone talked about the beauty of it, but few ventured to discuss the damage the rejection of love produced. It destroyed marriages, made fools of intelligent men, and crushed the souls of innocent children.

He washed his face and slapped on aftershave, his movements jerky, trying but failing to expunge the memory that he’d never been able to rid himself of. The memory of the one and only time he’d ever met his biological father.

At nine years old, he’d found out where he worked, lied to the family driver, and convinced him to take him to the address. He’d thought that maybe if his father met him . . . maybe, just maybe he would realize he’d made a mistake and want him. After all, everyone said Derrick was good-looking and tall for his age. Surely that counted for something.

But it hadn’t. He’d never forgotten the words Roarke Sr. said. “You have a father. And I already have a son.” The devastating words had crushed him.

Of course his mother had been furious, but by then, he’d shut down. As she scolded him for sneaking off and going against her wishes, his only regret had been getting the driver into trouble.

From that moment on, he learned to maintain a certain emotional distance from those around him, including family. It was a protective mechanism that worked for years. Foolishly, he’d allowed Eva to penetrate that wall. He’d lowered his guard and let her get close, sharing pieces of his past with her he hadn’t shared with anyone else. He didn’t need to get burned twice to understand fire burned, and Eva was pure fire. Deceptively soft and with an angelic face, it made it easier for her to cut a man off at the knees if she were so inclined. That’s why he had to be careful with her.

Ever since he’d seen her in that restaurant with her friends, she’d had an unbreakable hold on him he couldn’t shake. He was starting to wonder if he even wanted to.



****



Eva yawned and stretched. An inordinate amount of contentment filled her body, and no wonder, after being made love to by Derrick.

He had accused her of purposely coming into his bedroom to force a response, and he’d been right, though she hadn’t realized it until he called her out.

She rolled over into the spot on the bed he’d vacated. The sheets were cool, meaning he’d probably been up at the crack of dawn. The sheets and pillows smelled like him, and her body tingled with delicious sensations. She missed him already. Boy, she had it bad.





Chapter Twelve




A few Saturdays later, Eva strolled into the kitchen.

“Good morning, Mrs. Hoffman,” Svana said. “Breakfast on the terrace today?”

“Yes, that would be nice.”

“What would you like?”

“Surprise me.” On her way out the door, Eva asked, “Have you seen my husband this morning?” My husband. She never got tired of hearing the way those two words sounded together.

“He’s in the garage with Saunders discussing a problem with one of the cars.”

Svana started to prepare breakfast while Eva sat at the table on the terrace. Heat lamps kept the fall temperature at a comfortable degree, but soon it would become too cold to sit out there.

Saunders and Derrick walked up the stone steps, engrossed in deep conversation.

Her heart rate stepped up its pace. He really was beautiful. His features hard and masculine, his mouth—her body flushed with heat—sensuous and pleasure giving in a way she looked forward to on a regular basis. As her pregnancy became more apparent, Derrick limited their lovemaking out of concern for her and the baby. Once the doctor confirmed it was perfectly acceptable for them to continue having intercourse, he no longer denied himself, and they made love regularly, like two randy teenagers who’d recently discovered the joy of sex.

In the midst of explaining something to Saunders, Derrick gestured with his hands. The sight of his long, lean fingers reminded her of how they often caressed her skin and brought her trembling body to the edge before they joined together and he pushed her over into a climax.

She sighed. She loved him so much it hurt.

When he saw her seated at the table, he paused, and his features softened for a fraction before he returned to his explanation.

A sign. A little one, but a sign nonetheless that the closeness she felt to him was mutual. Optimism flickered in her chest. She saw those signs often nowadays. They were growing closer, or as close as Derrick allowed anyone to get to him.

Their changed relationship nurtured the love she already had, but she didn’t know for certain how he felt about her. He cared for her, but how much?

The larger her waistline grew, the more protective he became by constantly following up and making sure she was eating well and getting enough exercise. He even got involved in her nightly sessions of rubbing cocoa butter on her skin to prevent stretch marks. On more than one occasion, she’d reminded him she wouldn’t be the first woman to give birth, and millions of women did it every day. Although she complained about him being overprotective, she enjoyed the attention he lavished on her.

“Did you sleep well?” Derrick asked after Saunders disappeared into the house.

Eva nodded. “Did you?”

“Like a baby.” He smiled. He looked relaxed and seemed in a good mood. His demeanor reminded her of the good times they used to share on St. Simons Island. “How’d the shopping go yesterday?”

“It went well. I found the cutest little outfits and a few more stuffed animals.”

Derrick’s lips quirked upward. “She’s not even born yet, and she’s got more clothes than I do and more toys than Toys ‘R’ Us.”

“They were so cute, though. I couldn’t resist.”

She was used to his teasing, even though he encouraged her to get whatever she thought best for the baby. In another week, the nursery would be finished. A local artist was coming to paint a mural of purple dinosaurs dancing in a field of marigolds on the wall. Derrick thought the design looked wacky. She thought it was adorable, and since he’d given her carte blanche over the nursery, her baby would awaken every morning to the sight of polka-dot curtains and purple dinosaurs in a field of marigolds.

“I’d like to see them after breakfast. Did you buy anything for yourself?”

“A couple of outfits for the charity events, like you suggested.”

“I’d like to see those, too.”

They had attended a few business dinners, but he’d informed her to expect the invitations to increase as people grew accustomed to him as the head of HLC. Most they wouldn’t attend, but some—like the upcoming charity events—were a must.

“How is the court case going?”

“The whole thing is ridiculous,” he said with frustration. “They’re throwing everything at us in court, from fraud to claiming that my mother somehow influenced him or threatened him into changing his will. Never mind she’s been dead for fifteen years. Even if she had some influence over him when she was alive, I think that influence would have waned considerably in recent years.

“They’re all so used to Phineas taking care of them, they’re in panic mode. He bought them homes, paid for their children’s educations, and each of his brothers got a substantial monthly allowance.”

“I understand why they’re panicked, don’t you? He’s taken care of them for years, and now they have to fend for themselves. Seems strange he cut them off like that.”

“Yeah. Unless . . .” Derrick frowned. “Maybe that wasn’t the intention. He used to say all the time if you don’t work for it, you won’t appreciate it. None of his brothers worked in the business, and he only has one niece who expressed any interest in working for HLC, and she’s in the New York office.” He paused, the wheels in his head turning. “Maybe he didn’t cut them off. The reason he left everything to me was so that I could continue to mete out the allowances and disbursements. If he gave them a chunk of the estate, they’d squander their inheritance in no time.”

“So . . . what are you going to do?”

He sat back, a thoughtful frown on his face. “I’ll call the attorneys on Monday and tell them to talk to the other side and see if we can mediate an agreement. I’ll be able to head up the business according to Phineas’s wishes, and they’ll continue to receive income and the other perks they received just like when he was alive.”

“Do you think it will work?”

“I hope so. It’ll be a relief to get this behind me.”

Svana came out with plates of food. Biscuits with redeye gravy and chunks of country ham on the side. She left and came back with bowls of fresh fruit drizzled with honey, tall glasses of orange juice, and coffee for Derrick.

Eva took a deep breath, bracing herself to tell Derrick her news. “I hired an investigator to search for my father.”

After a split-second pause, Derrick continued to slice the ham on his plate. “When did you decide to look for him?”

“Right after we got married. You said I could use the money you put into my account in any way I want.”

“You can. It’s your money.” He lifted a slice of ham into his mouth and chewed. “How much have you spent so far?” When she told him the amount, his eyebrows raised in shock.

The skepticism in his eyes made her respond defensively. “I know it’s expensive, but the investigator feels like he’s close.”

“It’s your money. I said you could spend it however you choose.”

“I know, but I don’t want you to think it’s all a waste. He thinks my father could be in California, which makes sense because my mother lived out there for a while after she left school.”

He set down his fork carefully. “Eva—”

“Don’t say it.” She gripped the fork and knife in her hands. “I know I’m taking a risk because he didn’t want me when I was born. I know that. But people change, Derrick.”

He looked steadily at her. “I don’t want you to get your hopes up because you might get hurt. You’re excited by the prospect of finding your father, but you have to be prepared for the fact that he might not be excited to be found.”

Giving her head a vigorous shake, she swallowed down the lump of emotion filling her throat.

“I’m not trying to hurt you.”

“Then why would you say something so cruel?”

“I’m not being cruel. Listen to me—”

“No, because you’re wrong. I can’t believe you’d be so negative.”

“I’m not being negative. I’m being realistic. You can’t keep looking at the world with this Pollyanna viewpoint—”

“I’m not Pollyanna! Stop saying that. The world is not all bad. And what is so wrong with me wanting to find my father? My mother’s gone, and all I know about him is that he was a teenager, too, and he didn’t want to be a father. The photo of him is so worn I can barely see his face. I could have brothers and sisters, and he’ll be a grandfather soon.”

They sat in tense silence for a few moments.

“He could be looking for me,” Eva added, trying to make him understand. “From what I can tell, when my mother left California, she never tried to contact him again.” She paused, her voice growing softer. “I’m not like you. I can’t pretend he doesn’t exist.”

Derrick set his knife next to the fork. “My situation was different, but . . .” She saw how he struggled to get the words out. He unclenched and clenched his hand several times. “I understand the need to know him and meet him. Let me know if you need me to get involved.”

“I won’t. I can handle this on my own.”

He looked steadily at her. “You’re my wife. It’s my job to protect you.”

“I don’t need protecting.”

“I’m going to do it anyway.”

She had to admit there was a certain level of comfort in knowing he’d be there if she needed him. He never talked about it, but he still bore the pain of his father’s rejection from years ago. How unfortunate a good support system had not been available to him as a child.

“I don’t want to fight. We’ve been getting along so well. Let’s pretend I never brought up this topic, and if I need you, I’ll let you know.”

He picked up the silverware. “Fair enough.”





Chapter Thirteen




Derrick sat at the head of the conference table at HLC headquarters. It was Thursday night, and he was ready to go home. He’d called Eva earlier to inform her to go ahead with dinner without him, but he now regretted the decision. If he hadn’t insisted on having this meeting, he could be at home now. He’d decided the executive team needed an update on the merger with the Greek shipping company, and the CFO and VP of operations led the after-hours meeting with the details.

So far, so good. There had been a few hiccups, as were expected, but overall, the alliance was proving to be a good idea. With access to such a large fleet of ships, HLC had gobbled up even more market share and sat on the cusp of becoming the dominant force for the international movement of goods in Europe and the Americas. He already had his mind on expansion, having charged his team to research distribution channels and entry into the next target markets—Asia and Africa.

Despite all the success and the excitement of accomplishing the goals laid out before his father’s passing, Derrick acknowledged an equal amount of pleasure came from having Eva in his life. In the role of a wife, he couldn’t imagine anyone else doing a better job. She adapted to any social environment. Initially, he could tell she’d felt out of place among the other wives, but gradually she’d relaxed and become the perfect hostess and the guest others looked forward to seeing.

She took over management of the household, which included overseeing the maintenance on the house, the grounds, and the cars. She also became involved in the charitable organizations the Hoffman estate supported. In addition to attending functions such as award ceremonies and fundraisers, she made sure that any funds dispersed from the estate were spent in accordance with the stipulations in Phineas’s will.

Her experience in event coordination had also come in handy, making her a popular committee member of several organizations. Not only was she sought after for her ability to plan and coordinate large events with skill, but her knowledge of the industry enabled her to negotiate very favorable terms on events contracts that saved the organizations a lot of money.

And him . . . well, marriage had changed him. He looked forward to going home now, and while the thought of having a family used to scare him, it no longer seemed daunting. In fact, he liked the thought of having someone to go home to. He’d had to take a few business trips, but when he did, he seldom went a night without talking to Eva when he was out of town.

He always returned as soon as possible, even if it meant arriving in the middle of the night. When he did, as he eased into the bed, she would awaken and roll over toward him.

“You’re home,” she’d whisper.

“Yes, sweetheart, I’m home,” he’d whisper back and pull her into his arms.

As the CFO droned on about the increased market share and showed graphs of the revenue HLC anticipated earning in the coming years, Derrick smiled to himself. He and Eva refrained from discussing the past, but that didn’t stop them from arguing like an old married couple. For example, during their conversation at dinner a few nights ago, he broached the subject of hiring a nanny again. She’d insisted they didn’t need one. An argument ensued from there.

Then there was the time when he climbed into bed and had the displeasure of rolling in crumbs. He’d told her for the umpteenth time not to eat in bed, and she’d yelled back she couldn’t help it and was eating for two. Right afterward, she burst into tears, and he, feeling like a heel, had ended up apologizing.

Somehow all their arguments ended with him apologizing.

He chuckled, and eleven heads turned in his direction.

“Was there something you wanted to add, Derrick?” His CFO looked curiously at him from the other end of the table. A multicolored pie chart showed on the screen behind him.

Derrick had reviewed it all before he allowed the data to be presented to the entire team, so he had no concerns. “No, ah . . . you’ve been doing a good job. Continue.”

The CFO smiled and turned back to the screen. Using a laser wand, he drew a circle around a slice of the chart. “So, based on our projections, in five years we expect market share to—”

“You know what?” Derrick interrupted. “It’s late. Why don’t you all go home? You’ve been working hard, and I think this could wait until the morning, don’t you?”

They all looked around at each other, but no one had the courage to agree with him, as if they thought it was a setup.

Derrick stood, signaling the legitimacy of his comment. “How about we reconvene tomorrow at noon? We’ll order in some food and make it a working lunch. Any objections?” He didn’t expect any, nor did he plan to entertain any. “All right, then. Review the files carefully and come prepared to discuss and offer suggestions. Good night.”

The executives had stunned expressions on their faces as he left the room. It didn’t matter to him. As the boss, he could do whatever the hell he wanted, and right now he wanted to get home to see his wife.

On the way out, he stopped by his suite of offices to get his briefcase. Once he retrieved it, he exited to find his administrative assistant had returned to her post and was making copies.

She looked up and smiled. “Good night, Mr. Hoffman.”

“Good night.” Derrick’s steps slowed. “How late are you scheduled to work every day?”

She looked confused. “I . . . I work as long as you need me to, sir.”

He smiled. “But how late are you scheduled to work?”

“Until six.”

Last he checked, it was almost nine o’clock. “I tell you what, why don’t you go home? And from now on, leave at six. I’ll let you know if I need you to work late.”

Her mouth opened and closed a couple of times before she finally got any words out. “Oh, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Hoffman.”

“One more thing. From now on, call me Derrick. Mr. Hoffman was my father.”

With a smile of pure pleasure, she said, “Yes, sir. I mean Derrick.”

“I’ll see you in the morning.”



****



At home, Derrick dropped his briefcase in the study and went upstairs. The bedroom was silent, and the television mounted on the wall was on, but had been turned down to mute. After a quick sweep of the other rooms and not finding Eva, he removed his jacket and tie and went in search of her. He found her downstairs in the kitchen.

Standing at the door, he watched her at the counter as she ate some combination of food to satisfy her strange cravings. Her belly was a little more than seven months swollen—looking like an oversized basketball. She’d never looked more beautiful, and he’d never wanted her more. The feelings rushing through him were so fierce, he remained glued to the floor.

In that moment, he accepted what he should have known all along, what he’d refused to accept for fear of leaving himself wide open for hurt and possible humiliation.

I’m in love with her.

His throat constricted, as if someone were choking the life out of him. To breathe, he had to undo the top button of his dress shirt. The last thing he ever expected or wanted to do was fall in love with her. He’d fallen prey to the very thing he’d hidden from all his life.

“Hey, you’re home.”

The warmth of her smile filled her brown eyes and heated his soul. He still couldn’t move. He swallowed, exerting tremendous effort to clear the passageway in his closed throat.

I’m in love with her.

How could he not have seen it before?

Because he knew the danger of love—or the lack thereof. But it was too late. He was all in.

By loving her, he handed her the power to hurt him. The same as she’d done when she ended their relationship, though he hadn’t wanted to admit it at the time. The same as his father had done when he rejected his nine-year-old self. The same as his mother had done by endorsing his biological father’s decision to give up his paternal rights so another man could adopt him.

“Derrick, is something wrong?”

He shook his head and cleared his throat. “No. Ah, what are you eating?”

Her eyes lowered from his in embarrassment. “Raspberry jam and Nutella on crackers . . . with a sprinkling of salt.”

Derrick approached, eyeing her spread on the counter. “Well, at least you left out the bananas this time.”

“We’re out of bananas,” she said in a morose tone. She puckered her lips into a cute little moue of misery.

“That’s ’cause you ate them all.”

“You know I can’t help it. It’s the hormones.” She slipped another cracker into her mouth. Her hair fell into loose waves onto her shoulders. He lifted and fingered a strand before letting it fall back into place.

Perfect. The perfect woman, right under his nose.

“So when you mention hormones, it’s all good, but when I do, I get yelled at.”

Eva arched an eyebrow. “Do I really need to explain to you why?” she asked around a mouthful of food.

“Have a seat.” Derrick gathered up the two jars, the box of crackers, and the salt. He walked to the small table in the kitchen and took a seat beside Eva.

“You look tired,” she remarked.

“Nah, I’m good. I just have a lot on my mind.” Like how he’d managed to fall in love with a woman he’d blackmailed into marrying him. And how did she feel about him now that they’d been married for a while? “How are you feeling today?”

“Okay, although I felt a little pain around lunchtime.”

Derrick frowned. “How long did it last?”

“Don’t worry,” she said, spreading Nutella on a cracker. “It didn’t last long. Just a few minutes. If it happens again, I promise I’ll call the doctor.”

“You should have called the doctor today.”

“I knew I shouldn’t have mentioned it.” She sighed. “Derrick, I can’t make a big deal out of every little thing. I can tell they’re getting tired of me already because I keep bugging them, and I still have almost two months to go. The last time we visited the doctor, he said the pregnancy is progressing normally. It was probably gas or something.” She applied the raspberry jam over the hazelnut spread.

“I’d rather know for sure.” He lifted both of her sock-covered feet onto his thighs. Outside of her belly, there wasn’t much else to indicate Eva was pregnant. She hadn’t gained much weight, but her feet had grown larger, and her ankles started swelling. He removed one sock and started to massage her feet. This is what being in love did to you. It made you sappy and considerate. “And for the record, that’s what they get paid for. If it happens again, promise me you’ll talk to the doctor.”

She nodded. “I promise.”

Using circular motions, Derrick dragged his fingers from the toe to the ankle of one foot.

“Mmm,” Eva murmured. “That feels so good.”

He continued the same movements, using his thumbs on the sole of her foot, gradually increasing the pressure.

She moaned. “Oh, that feels so good.”

Fairly certain there was no need for that tone of voice, Derrick lifted his gaze to Eva’s. The pupils of her eyes had darkened with desire to an even richer brown. “Eva,” he warned, fingers paused on her ankle.

“We haven’t made love in over a week. That’s a long time.”

Ten days to be exact. “I know, but I’m trying to ease up on you.”

“I don’t want you to ease up on me,” she whispered.

His body tightened, and he suppressed a groan. The words roused his libido, as if it needed rousing. Looking at her pregnant body served as an adequate aphrodisiac on a day-to-day basis, and only through sheer willpower did he manage not to spread her legs at every opportunity.

“Remember on the last visit, the doctor said it’s okay as long as I’m still comfortable.”

“I know, but I can tell you don’t have the stamina you used to.”

With a coy smile, she said, “So we’ll just do it one time.”

“I don’t want to hurt you,” he murmured halfheartedly, feeling a rise in his pants already.

She lowered her feet and rose from the chair. “I’m okay. Really.”

The red, long-sleeved maternity dress drew attention to her radiant dark skin, and the round neckline emphasized the size of her breasts, enlarged by the effects of her pregnancy. He couldn’t wait to get his hands on them.

As their eyes met and held, he let his fingers travel lightly up her thighs. With the back of his hand, he stroked the damp material between her legs. A little tremor ran through her, and her eyes glazed over with passion. Slowly, he lowered her panties past her hips and let them fall to the floor.

“Come here,” he said, patting his thighs.

With a sultry smile, she lowered onto his legs. Their lips connected instantly, moving gently over one another before becoming more frantic as desire flared between them. He wound his fingers in her hair and tipped her head back so he could pass heated kisses down the length of her neck.

He nibbled at the soft skin there and then moved to her ear, where he caught the fleshy lobe in his mouth and sucked. The uneven sound of her breath aroused him further, and he pressed his face to her soft throat.

Peppermint and oatmeal.

He cupped her full breasts in his hands, and she gasped with pleasure. “Yes,” she whispered as he kneaded the soft mounds, rubbing the flats of his thumbs across the nipples until they came to rigid points.

He wanted to tell her how he felt. The need to do so built to such a pitch, he undid the buttons on her bodice and plucked one of her breasts from inside the dress, filling his mouth to curtail the urge.

He had never said the words “I love you” to anyone. Not once in his entire thirty-three years. But this was his woman, his wife, and even if he couldn’t say the words right now, he could show her with his body how much he loved her.

He hurriedly undid the belt on his trousers and then unzipped his pants. Her fingers gripped his shoulders in an effort to remain steady. Under the dress, his hands helped guide her onto his erection.

“I love how wet you get for me,” he said tightly.

“Only you. Only you,” she breathed against his mouth.

His chest puffed with pride, and he pumped his hips, his hands cupping her backside. Her head fell back as she rocked against him, riding with abandon, clinging to him like a lifeline.

He lowered his head to the bare breast and plucked the swollen nipple back into his mouth, curling his tongue around it. Her hips moved with more frantic motions. It was hard as hell to hold back when she started getting so excited.

Their moans came in a synchronized cadence, bouncing off the kitchen walls in their mutual climb to satisfaction.

“I’m coming . . . I’m coming, Derrick.”

Sweeter words had never been spoken. She came apart, clutching on to his shoulders with a mighty grip. Her brown eyes blazed down at him with passion. He bucked within her, the contractions of her body dragging him toward repletion. One arm fisted around her waist, while his other hand clamped down on the edge of the table to resist clutching her to him with undue force.

Afterward, when their breathing was back to normal and her breast tucked inside the bodice of the dress, Eva pressed a kiss to his check.

“I think you needed that as much as I did,” she whispered. He could feel her smile.

“I guess so.” He turned his head and kissed her mouth. She tasted like raspberry and sweet hazelnut.

“Ooh.” Eva grabbed her stomach. “I think we woke her.”

Derrick placed his hand beside Eva’s and felt his baby’s movements. “She’s pissed at you. She must be doing karate chops in there. That’s those Hawthorne genes.”

“I think she is pissed. And this is Jacob all the way.” She fell silent, and they sat for a while, their palms spread across her belly to track the movements of their unborn child. “She’ll soon be here,” Eva whispered. “I can’t wait.”

When she stopped moving around, they rose from the chair and fixed their clothes.

Derrick swooped her up in his arms and headed for the door.

“Oh, wait, my snack.”

After a long sigh, Derrick walked back over to the table and bent his knees so she could gather up the items.

Walking through the house, he warned, “No crumbs in the bed.”

“It happened one time.”

“Twice. If you make a mess in our bed, I swear . . .”

They continued their argument all the way into the bedroom.



****



With a start, Eva awoke in the middle of the night. Sharp pains jabbed at her back and stomach, forcing her to clutch her round belly. They felt like the vicious swipes of a knife, ripping through her, so acute she couldn’t breathe or make a sound for several seconds.

When she caught her breath, she looked over her shoulder at Derrick’s sleeping form. “Derrick, wake up.”

She whimpered at another slice of the hot, scraping claw inside of her. She must be going into labor. She curled into the fetal position, her eyes unfocused from the searing pain.

“Derrick, wake up,” she panted, reaching back to grab his hand and squeeze with all her might.

He roused from sleep, his voice groggy when he said, “Eva? What is it?”

“I don’t know. I think . . . I’m going into labor.”

She cried out in agony as her uterus felt like it twisted inside out.

Derrick swore and bolted upright. He reached across her and grabbed the remote from the table beside the bed to turn on the lights.

“I don’t know. This doesn’t feel right,” Eva said, her voice shaking in panic. Between her legs was wet, but if her water broke, was it supposed to feel so thick? “Something’s wrong.”

With trembling fingers, she pushed the comforter off of her. That’s when she saw it.

Blood.

She screamed in horror. “No! No!” Her head fell back. A wave of nausea assaulted her from the pain and the sight of the garish red color staining her negligee. Her arms folded over her stomach in a protective gesture. “No. No.”

Derrick sped into action, jumping off the bed and gathering her in arms. “Shh. I’ve got you, sweetheart. I’ve got you.”

His voice remained calm, steady—the complete opposite to her panic-stricken cries seconds before. But she could feel his rapid heartbeat against her cheek as he lifted her in his arms and raced from the room.

“Saunders!” he bellowed down the hall.

The pain didn’t subside. It was excruciating and relentless. Eva’s arms tightened around Derrick’s neck. Tears streamed down her cheeks. She was losing her baby.

“Saunders!” Derrick called again. “Help me!”

She sobbed because of the pain. Sobbed because of her fears. This wasn’t supposed to happen. This was her miracle baby.



****



She must have passed out.

When she regained consciousness, she found herself bundled in a blanket in the back of one of the cars, cradled in Derrick’s arms. Outside the tinted windows, the lights of the city sped past as they raced up the highway.

Derrick would take care of everything.

That was her last thought before she closed her eyes and passed out again.





Chapter Fourteen




Derrick rose from the chair beside Eva’s bed when the doctor motioned him outside the VIP delivery suite at the hospital. She rested now, hooked up to beeping machines with an IV drip attached to one arm. The drugs had sedated her enough so she could get some relief from the pain.

In the hall, the doctor’s sympathetic gaze behind horn-rimmed spectacles made his stomach twist uneasily.

“Derrick!” A female voice came down the hall. Matthew and Cassidy rushed toward him with concern etched in their faces. “How is she? How’s the baby?”

“I don’t know. The doctor’s about to give me an update now.” He didn’t feel like himself. Maybe that’s why his voice sounded like he’d chewed and swallowed a plateful of rocks. He’d never felt so helpless in his life.

“Mr. Hoffman,” the doctor began in a soothing tone, “after examining your wife, we’ve determined there’s been a placental abruption.”

“A what?”

“A placental abruption. What that means is that the placenta has separated from the wall of the uterus. It doesn’t happen very often, and usually when it does occur, the effects are not serious and can be contained. Unfortunately, that’s not the case with your wife. Her condition is very problematic. She’s lost a lot of blood and continues to bleed, and the baby is not getting the necessary oxygen and nutrients it needs.”

“Violet,” Derrick said, feeling dazed.

“Excuse me?”

“Violet,” he repeated. “Her name is Violet. We named her after Eva’s mother.”

“Violet.” The doctor directed his gaze at the three of them. “Violet is experiencing what we call fetal distress. It’s too dangerous to induce labor. If we want to save her, we’ll have to take her immediately.”

A soft sound of dismay came from Cassidy. She brought her hand to her mouth, and her fear-filled eyes looked up at Derrick.

All of his senses seemed heightened and concentrated to form a stiffening tension from his neck up into his head. The lights were too bright, the air too thin, and the hospital sounds around him were too loud.

“Did we do something wrong?” he asked, thinking back to him and Eva in the kitchen.

“There are risk factors, none of which pertain to your wife. It’s one of those things that can happen, and it can’t be prevented. All we can do is limit the damage at this point.”

“Is that safe to take Violet now? She’s got almost two months left. Will she be all right?”

“Violet’s gestated for more than seven months. The chances of survival are very good.”

Very good was not good enough.

He needed to stay calm, but the doctor needed to understand what was at stake. Drawing on the steely restraint that had carried him through other difficulties, he laid his left hand on the doctor’s shoulder.

“Derrick . . .” Matthew said.

He lifted his other hand toward his younger brother. “It’s all right, Matt, I’m just talking to the man.” He looked the doctor in the eye. “Listen, that’s my wife and my daughter in there. I don’t care what you have to do, who you have to call, but you make sure they both come out of this, you understand me?”

“Mr. Hoffman, I can’t promise—”

He brought his face close to the doctor’s. “Do you understand me?”

Matthew stepped forward. “Derrick, for God’s sake—”

“Get back, Matt,” he snarled through his teeth, keeping his gaze locked on the doctor. The man had backed up, but Derrick’s hand tightened on his shoulder so he couldn’t escape. “Do you understand me?”

The doctor nodded, gulping, and shoving his glasses further up on his nose.

When he hurried away, Derrick leaned against the wall with his palm flat on the surface. With his head bent, he closed his eyes, clenching his other hand into a fist, and did something he couldn’t ever remember doing before. He prayed, no begged, for the health of his wife and safe delivery of his daughter, and that all the wrong he’d perpetrated over the years would not conspire against him to harm either one of them.

He felt Cassidy’s little hand wriggle between his fingers and loosen his fist to hold tightly to him.

“It’ll be okay,” she said softly. “Go. She needs you. We’ll be right here, okay? Waiting.” She squeezed his hand.



****



Eva felt like she’d been run over by an eighteen-wheeler. When she shifted, pain cut through her, and she winced.

“Easy.” Derrick’s voice came from beside the bed. She opened her eyes to find him looking at her. The corners of his mouth lifted into a small smile. “Hey.”

Snatches of memory came back. They’d had to perform a Caesarean section to deliver Violet because of complications. Violet!

Her gaze scoured the room. “How is she? Is she okay?”

“Shh. She’s fine. They have her in the neonatal intensive care unit.”

“I want to see her. Take me to her.” She tried to get up, but the effects of the general anesthesia and dull ache from the incision in her abdomen forced her to plop back against the pillows.

He brushed the hair back from her face with a gentle hand. His touch soothed her racing heart. “You’re not in any condition to move around right now. You’ll see her later.” He held his smartphone up for her to see. “I know you hate how I always have this phone with me, but it came in handy. I took pictures.”

He scrolled through the images. She saw her daughter at birth, covered in blood and fluids. Then there were photos of her in the NICU, inside an incubator to keep her warm, tubes attached to her body to give nourishment and help her little lungs breathe. She was almost as pale as the sheet she slept on.

“She’s going to be all right?”

“So far, so good. The doctor said she’ll have to stay for a while—it could be a couple of weeks or longer—until she can do all the normal things on her own: breathing, sucking, swallowing. It depends on her progress.”

The effects of the anesthesia made Eva feel groggy, and she closed her eyes. When she opened them again, Derrick looked down at her with worry lines creasing his forehead. She reached up and cupped his jaw. The rough hairs of morning stubble scraped the palm of her hands. “You were wonderful. You took care of me.” Her hand fell back to the bed.

“I promised you I would. I couldn’t let anything happen to you or Violet.”

If she told him her feelings, what would he say? What would he do?

She should tell him now, whisper it, because her chest hurt with the need to say the words of love she’d held back all these months. Despite the rocky start to their marriage, maybe they could make this work. The idea didn’t seem far-fetched anymore, and Violet cemented their emotional bond.

“I’m glad I wasn’t alone when it happened.” Her voice trembled. “I knew you’d take care of everything.” Tears filled her eyes. “I love you. I love you so much.”

There. She’d said it.

She didn’t know what she’d expected, but she hadn’t expected the color to drain from his face. “Never mind. I don’t know why I said that.” She twisted her head away from him, squeezing her eyes shut in humiliation. “It’s the anesthesia . . . I’m not myself right now. I don’t know why . . . I don’t know . . . I’m delirious.”

“Eva—”

“Derrick, it’s okay. I’m extremely emotional right now. I just had a baby, and I don’t feel like myself. You don’t have to say a word. I don’t know why I said such a thing. It’s okay. Really. It’s okay. I’m sorry.” She was babbling, and at the same time, she couldn’t look at him for fear of what she’d see in his eyes.

She didn’t want to hear him say this wasn’t part of the deal, or some such nonsense he was fond of throwing at her. He’d been up front and honest with her about what to expect. He promised to take care of her and pledged his fidelity. Why couldn’t it be enough? Why did she keep reaching for more than he could give?

“Are you saying you didn’t mean it?” he asked.

She’d always done her crying over him in private, but this time she couldn’t stop the tears from slipping beneath her lids.

“You said you love me.” He took her hand. She tried to pull away, but he tightened his grip.

“I didn’t mean it,” she said in a broken whisper.

“I don’t believe you.”

“Please. I can’t do this now. It’s too hard.” She opened her eyes and stared across at the closed curtains.

Derrick handed her a single tissue, which she used to wipe her nose. He still held on to her other hand. Sniffling, she lay there, wishing she could go back in time and stop the impulsive words from leaving her mouth.

“I’ve never told anyone,” she heard him say. She listened, noting the somber tone of his voice, as if he were about to say something of great importance. “I never told anyone that I love them.”

She turned her head slowly in his direction. “No one?”

He shook his head.

“Not even your mother?”

“No. Maybe I did when I was a kid, but I don’t remember. We never said those kinds of things to each other. We didn’t have that kind of relationship. She wasn’t a bad mother. She was just . . . distant, I guess is the right word. When she married Phineas, they hired a nanny to watch over me, which made her life easier.”

He swallowed, and she saw the difficulty it took to share his intimate feelings. She remained quiet so he could let it all out.

“I was a mistake. In a way, I messed everything up for her—at least for a while. Once I was born and my father’s wife found out, he had to choose. My mother never wanted to have a child, so I guess I should be glad she didn’t get rid of me.” He rubbed his thumb across the back of her hand. “Phineas was a good man. He never told me he loved me, either, but when I think about it, I know he did. He told me on more than one occasion how proud he was of me.”

“He trusted you, too. He left you everything.”

Derrick nodded. “Crazy, but true.” He looked down into her eyes. “I love you, Eva. It took a long time for me to figure it out because I didn’t want to need anyone. But I need you.” He brought her hand to his lips, and her eyes flooded with tears. “I hope you meant it when you said you love me.”

Her bottom lip quivered. “I did.” A tear glided out of the corner of her eye. “I was so afraid to tell you because I thought you didn’t care. When we were seeing each other, I wanted so much more, but you told me up front that you didn’t want a serious relationship.”

“Yeah, that’s what I said, but believe me, that was a rehearsed speech I’d given to other women. It didn’t apply to you. I wanted you to myself almost from the beginning.”

“Then why were you so distant? Why didn’t you ever let me meet your family? How could you bring another woman to the island when we were together? I don’t understand.”

“It had nothing to do with you,” he said earnestly. “The weekend of my sister’s wedding, I planned to spend as much time with you as possible when I got to St. Simons Island. The truth is, I didn’t want you to meet my family because my family life was so messed up. I didn’t have a good relationship with anyone on my biological father’s side of the family. I didn’t want to introduce you into that mess. Our relationship was so good, I didn’t want to spoil it. That’s why I only let you meet Phineas. That was about the only normal family relationship I had at the time.”

“So you weren’t ashamed of me or something like that?”

“Ashamed of you? No! I thought if you knew how jacked up my family life was, you might not want to see me anymore.” He squeezed her hand. “Sweetheart, you were the one good thing in my life. I wanted to keep you separate from all the ugliness.” He lifted her hand to spread her fingers along his jaw. “I don’t know what I did to deserve you.”

“Maybe you’re not as terrible as you think,” she whispered.

“You make me want to be a better man.”

“Oh, Derrick.”

“It’s true. And you have no idea how much I looked forward to our weekends together.”

“Why didn’t you say something?”

He shrugged. “I didn’t know how. And I didn’t know how you felt, either. When you mentioned that schmuck, James . . .”

“He’s not a schmuck.”

“When you mentioned that schmuck, James,” he said again in a harder tone, obviously not liking that she defended the other man, “it drove me out of my mind. Up until then, I assumed you weren’t seeing anyone because I wasn’t.”

“I wasn’t ‘seeing’ James. He really was just a friend. But I’m surprised you weren’t seeing anyone else.”

“No one. I swear. In fact, the woman I planned to take to the wedding wasn’t someone I was involved with. I just needed a date because I didn’t want to show up alone, and she didn’t mind accompanying me. My plan was to spend most of my time with you at the villa.” He smiled slowly. “For some reason, all I could think about was you, and no other woman had a chance.”

Eva glowed from the inside out. “I didn’t know I had so much power,” she whispered.

“Don’t take advantage too much. Go easy on me,” he whispered back.

“I don’t think anyone can take advantage of you.” She sighed. “I do love you. With all my heart. Promise me we’ll always talk to each other. Just like this.”

“I promise. Anything you want.”

“Anything?”

“Anything.”

“Can I eat in bed?”

“Eva . . .”

“You said anything,” she reminded him with an impish grin.

“All right.” He shook his head. “You can have anything you want, sweetheart. All you have to do is ask.”



****



The nurse came in later and gave Eva some pills for the pain. Derrick sat with her until she fell asleep, and then he quietly left the room.

Outside in the waiting area, two couples and what looked to be grandparents sat watching the television mounted in the corner. Cassidy sat flipping through a magazine. Roarke had arrived, and he sat next to her, while Matthew paced the floor restlessly. They all three looked up.

“Consider yourselves lucky to be here for this momentous occasion,” he announced. “Your beautiful niece, Violet Hoffman, has arrived, weighing in at a whopping three pounds, three ounces.”

A cheer of relief went up in the room. Even the other people in the waiting room clapped and smiled. Cassidy ran over and gave him a hug. “I knew it,” she said. “I knew she’d be fine.”

Since only parents were allowed in the NICU, they couldn’t see Violet in person, but Derrick showed them the photos he’d taken with the camera phone.

Matthew offered to buy a box of “It’s a Girl” cigars from the gift shop. “I know these aren’t as good as what you’re used to,” he said to Derrick.

“It’ll do for now,” he replied.

The four of them went outside into the early morning. The sun was just beginning to rise on a new day. After a couple of puffs, Cassidy started coughing, followed by Matthew.

“I can’t do this,” Cassidy said, wheezing.

“Don’t inhale,” Derrick advised.

She put out the cigar and left the smoking to her brothers.

Derrick blew his smoke up into the early morning sky. He suddenly realized the most important people in his life were all here in the same place. His wife and daughter were safe upstairs, and his brothers and sister were lending their support beside him.

A wry smile lifted one corner of his mouth.

Life couldn’t be better.





Chapter Fifteen




Derrick scrolled through Eva’s account online, a frown creasing his forehead. He didn’t like what he saw.

Large disbursements had been made over the past three months to the investigator searching for her father, and after their conversation last night, it didn’t sound as if the so-called investigator was any closer to finding him since the last time they’d discussed his progress. Yet he needed more money. And Eva had come to Derrick to ask for more money—something she’d never done before.

He’d recognized the look in her eyes. The pleading desperation he acknowledged came from wanting something so much you’d do anything to get it.

He’d promised to have the funds transferred over after the weekend. Under normal circumstances, he would have done it right away, but a peculiar sensation in his gut made him want to look into this further. The negligible amount didn’t concern him. What concerned him was that this “investigator” could be taking advantage of her desperation. That he couldn’t tolerate.

Derrick understood the emotional need to connect with family and how it could cloud logic, and as he looked at the situation from the outside, he saw what Eva couldn’t. Her explanation for why he needed more money sounded fishy. In emotional situations like this, normally intelligent persons could be swayed into unintelligent behavior. Coupled with a heart as big as Eva’s, the detective had hit the jackpot.

Call it cynicism. Realism. But no one was going to take advantage of her.

He picked up the phone and called his assistant. “I need an address,” he said. He gave her the name of the investigator, and within minutes, she called back with the address and the GPS coordinates.

A glance at the digital clock on his desk told him he had plenty of time to get over there before heading home. The day had been a bust anyway. He had spent the morning in the attorneys’ office signing a multitude of paperwork.

Once his uncles understood their allowances and the other advantages of the Hoffman name weren’t jeopardized, negotiations went a lot more smoothly. Knowing Phineas left his entire estate to a non-blood relative may have been a slap in the face, but common sense prevailed. After weighing the pros and cons, they decided forgoing the financial benefits in the short term for potential gain in the long term—which may not even come—was not worth it.

Derrick slipped into his coat and wished his assistant a good weekend. He certainly intended to have one. After four weeks, his baby girl was coming home from the hospital today. With Christmas around the corner, Eva decided to have a combined welcome home/Christmas party with the family. He intended to be there on time.

Right after he finished taking care of this little problem.



****



“Sorry for the mess. We just moved in and haven’t had a chance to get organized yet.”

The investigator, Danny Jackson, grinned at Derrick and guided him toward a chair in his private office after telling his secretary to hold all calls.

I bet, Derrick thought cynically, figuring the money he’d taken from Eva had helped to upgrade his offices.

A stack of boxes stood precariously in front of one wall between two file cabinets. The room smelled of fresh paint, and all the furniture looked shiny and new.

“Where’d you move from?” he asked in a conversational tone.

“We were up in the city of Lawrenceville, near the highway. Real convenient, but this is better.”

“Much better,” Derrick agreed, flashing a smile he knew would put the man at ease. “You can’t beat a Buckhead address. It means better clientele, although the rent must be killer in a place like this.”

Danny chuckled as he settled into the chair across from Derrick. His coffee-colored skin crinkled around the eyes. “Well, business has been good the past couple of months, and I expect it to get even better now that I have access to a certain ‘clientele,’ as you put it.” He folded his hands together on the large desk. “How can I help you?”

“You can start by explaining what’s going on with the investigation into finding my wife’s father. Eva Hoffman.”

“Ms. Hoffman! Yes.” He frowned. “Does she know you’re here?”

“Yes,” Derrick lied.

The other man’s smile faltered a bit. “I’ve always only dealt with her.”

“I’m taking over.” He crossed his legs. “I married an angel, but me—well, let’s just say people have used some colorful terms to describe me.” He pulled out a cigar and dragged it under his nose, inhaling the hint of vanilla and the aroma of the tobacco leaves. “Care for one?”

“I don’t smoke.”

Derrick cut off the tip. “Yeah, it’s a bad habit. I picked it up from my father, but it’s my one vice.”

He lit the cigar. Completely rude, but it established he was in charge and didn’t care what the other man thought. It was a calculated act to shift the power in his direction.

No more Mr. Nice Guy.

Danny recognized what was happening. The smile died on his face completely, and the radiance in his eyes dulled.

“As I was saying—my wife—she’s a good woman. She sees the good in everyone, even me.” He smiled, took a puff of the cigar, and blew the smoke out the side of his mouth. “I’m the complete opposite. I suspect everyone and everything. Trust no one, that’s my motto. So I’m here because I don’t trust you. Eva has paid you a lot of money, and you have yet to deliver any valuable information for her. Why is that?”

Danny laughed uneasily. “Well, I’m sure you can understand, Mr. Hoffman, that these things take time. I explained all this to your wife.”

“Explain it to me so I can understand. Because here’s the thing . . . For the amount of money my wife’s paid you, I’m sure you could have found the remains of Amelia Earhart by now.”

He swallowed. “I didn’t have much to go on to begin with, but I’m very close to finding her father. As a matter of fact, I’ve learned he was in the military.”

“Uh-huh. What else?” This time he blew the smoke across the desk.

Danny coughed and rolled back his chair. He snapped his fingers. “You know, you reminded me of something. I do have information for her. It recently came in. I completely forgot. I did happen to find . . .” His voice trailed off, and he bounced up from the chair. He unlocked one of the cabinets and withdrew a file.

With an anxious smile on his face, he walked over and handed it to Derrick.

“This is all of it?”

Derrick thumbed through the file. It held a few pictures, one of them of an older, dark-skinned man dressed in an army uniform who bore a striking resemblance to Eva. A couple of newspaper clippings, a photocopied birth certificate, and typed pages rounded out the package.

“Yes. Everything.” Danny stepped behind the desk. “Please let your wife know how happy I am she’ll finally be able to meet her father. It was a pleasure meeting you.”

“Wish I could say the same.” Derrick stubbed out his cigar on the desk, leaving a burn mark on the wood. “You need to find a new line of business.”

“A new line of business? This is my business.”

“You’re stealing people’s money. I can’t allow you to continue to do that. You have one week to close this place down.”

“What? I gave you everything! Who do you think you are? You can’t come in here and threaten me.”

“The art of intimidation, my boy, is to make your opponent believe every word you say. Look them dead in the eye and never flinch. Never let them see weakness.”

Derrick looked Danny in the eye without flinching. “I can, and I did. Trust me, you don’t want to tangle with me.”

After that pronouncement, Derrick rose to his feet and started toward the door. He stopped with his hand on the knob.

“If it means I have to buy this building and put you out, I will.” His icy stare didn’t waver, and even though he could tell by the rigid set of his mouth that Danny was furious, the other man didn’t utter a word. “You have seven days.”



****



Derrick entered the house to a flurry of activity. Eva had hired some help to decorate the house and grounds. Last count they had three Christmas trees, including a huge one out front. Other decorations included lights, holly, a couple of Santa Clauses, snow on the windows, and heaven only knew what else.

The scent of cinnamon and other delicious aromas filled the air, and the faint sound of Christmas carols came from the room in the back where he assumed the party would be taking place.

“There are my girls,” he said when Eva made an appearance with Violet in her arms.

She wore an early Christmas present he’d given her. The simple necklace had a diamond pendant, and with her hair swept atop her head, the matching diamond studs twinkled like stars in her ears.

“She got through eating about ten minutes ago,” Eva said, rising up on her toes for a kiss.

“Mmm.” He dipped his tongue between her lips and got a taste of ginger. “You taste good,” he said, going instantly hard. “How much longer?”

“We’re supposed to wait at least six weeks, which means we have a couple more weeks,” Eva reminded. He knew exactly how long the wait was. He had the date marked on his calendar.

“I don’t know if she’s worth all this trouble,” Derrick teased, looking down at his daughter. She looked warm and comfortable while she slept, bundled like a little ball against Eva in a pink outfit. Her skin had darkened to a golden hue over the past month.

“Stop.” Eva dropped a kiss to Violet’s cheek. “Roarke, Celeste, and Arianna are already here. They’re spending the night.”

“Okay.” Derrick pulled the folder with the information from under his arm. “I went to see Danny Jackson today.”

Eva grew still. “Derrick, what did you do?”

“Nothing. He gave me this file for you.” He opened it and showed her the papers.

“Where did all this come from?”

“According to him, this information recently came in. He planned to get in touch with you, but since I was there, he gave it to me instead.”

Eva stared down at the photo of her father in uniform. “I look exactly like him.”

“I thought the same thing.”

She looked up at Derrick with tear-filled eyes. “Oh my goodness. He found my father.”

He nodded. “After the party, we’ll review the file, okay?”

She nodded, too emotional to speak. “This is the best Christmas I’ve ever had,” she finally said, her voice filled with emotion. “My baby’s here, and she’s safe, and I’ll finally get to meet my father.” She reached up and gently touched his face. “See, Derrick, I told you. The world’s not all bad.”

“I know,” he replied. Then he said what he always did whenever she chided him about one thing or another. “Bear with me. I’m a work in progress.”

“I love you anyway.” She rose up on her toes again to give him a kiss.

“That’s all that matters.”



****



Within an hour, family filled the great room, everyone dressed in holiday colors of red, green, and gold. Hired servers circulated with hors d’oeuvres and drinks, and the instrumentals of Christmas carols poured from hidden speakers.

Derrick walked over to Roarke, who stood near the fireplace, watching the activity.

Roarke sipped his drink. “Well, how does it feel?”

He remembered being asked the same question months ago. “Pretty damn good.” He smiled and held up his glass. Roarke touched his against it.

Lucas Baylor, a good friend of Roarke’s, came toward them with Matthew following close behind.

“What’s in this?” Matthew asked, holding up a cup of steaming glogg. The mulled wine contained aromatic spices and several different kinds of spirits. “I’m a big guy. I’ve only had two glasses, and I’m starting to buzz.”

“Be careful. It’s some kind of secret Icelandic recipe Svana makes every year around the holidays. Don’t be surprised if you end up having to spend the night because you can’t drive.”

“I’ll let you know if I need to.”

Derrick looked at Lucas. “Who invited you to this family gathering?”

“Come on, I’m practically family,” Lucas said with a laugh. “I hate I couldn’t attend the wedding, but congratulations. Beautiful wife, beautiful baby. You’re a lucky man.”

“Thanks.”

“I just want to know one thing.”

“Oh boy. Here we go,” Roarke groaned with a shake of his head.

“No, I’m serious. I’ve been thinking about it ever since I found out Derrick was getting married.”

“What’s that?” Derrick asked.

“What the hell is going on with you Hawthornes? Three weddings in less than six months? Is it something in the water? If so, who’s next?”

All eyes turned to Matthew.

“Hell no!” he said.

Roarke threw his head back and laughed. “It’s only a matter of time, little brother.”

“There’s nothing you can do about it,” Derrick added. “One minute you’re going through life minding your own business. The next . . .” His gaze settled on Eva across the room. She sat in a chair holding Violet, and three family members crowded around her, smiling and cooing at the baby. His chest filled almost to bursting. “The next minute you can’t imagine your life any other way.”

The four of them fell silent.

“Well, it won’t be anytime soon,” Matthew said after a long pause. “Not if I can help it. But I’m happy for you.”

The sound of a fork hitting the side of a glass drew everyone’s attention.

Cassidy stood in the middle of the room. “Can I have everyone’s attention? I’d like to make a toast.”

The room filled with groans.

“I’ll be quick this time, I promise.” Her mouth turned down in a hurt frown.

“Somebody wake me when she’s done. I’ve heard that before,” Matthew said. “Antonio, talk to your wife.”

“Leave my baby alone,” Antonio fired back.

Cassidy bestowed an appreciative grin on her husband. “I’m so happy that we’re all here together like this. Derrick and Eva have a new baby, and Roarke and Celeste are pregnant.”

Next to him, a startled Roarke started coughing. When he caught his breath, he looked at Celeste. “I thought we weren’t going to say anything yet.”

“I didn’t.” She looked equally stunned.

“She didn’t,” Cassidy confirmed. “But I’m not an idiot. She didn’t have any glogg, and when I offered her some wine, she refused to have any. One plus one equals three.”

Derrick shook his head. Laughing, he patted his brother on the shoulder and joined in with the rest of the room in congratulating him and Celeste.

“As I was saying . . . I’m so excited. Our family’s growing. I want to make a toast to Derrick and Eva. Congratulations on having Violet. And keep ’em coming. I want more nieces and nephews!”

A chorus of “Hear, hear!” went through the room.

Derrick waited until the voices died down before stepping away from the fireplace and clearing his throat to get everyone’s attention.

“I want to make a toast, too,” he began. “To my wife, Eva, who loves me, despite my flaws. To my daughter, Violet, who will be on lockdown until she’s thirty.” The group chuckled. “And to my brothers and sister.” His voice thickened on the last sentence, and he cleared his throat again. The group fell completely silent, with only the soft sound of a Christmas carol playing in the background. “I’m glad we’ve grown closer over the past six months, and I want you to know how much I appreciate your support. To family,” he finished with a smile at them.

Everyone in the room raised their glasses. “To family.”





THE END





More Stories by Delaney Diamond



Hot Latin Men series

The Arrangement

Fight for Love

Private Acts

Hawthorne Family series

The Temptation of a Good Man

A Hard Man to Love

Here Comes Trouble (summer 2012)

Bailar series (sweet/clean romance)

Worth Waiting For

Short Story

Subordinate Position

Free Stories

www.delaneydiamond.com





About the Author



Delaney Diamond (delaneydiamond.com) was born and raised in the U.S. Virgin Islands. She has been an avid reader for as long as she can remember and wrote her first novel at the age of 14, which she only shared with her friends. Her writing won her several trophies in high school and a scholarship to help pay for college. In 2008 she started freelance writing, and in 2009 she gave fiction writing a try again, which resulted in her debut novel, The Arrangement.

A diehard foodie, when her head’s not buried in a book, she’s in the kitchen trying out new recipes or dining at her favorite restaurants with friends. She speaks fluent conversational French and can get by in Spanish.





Excerpt from The Temptation of a Good Man, Book 1 of the Hawthorne Family series



Can true love be found after one night of passion?

Celeste Burton goes out with her girlfriends to celebrate turning thirty and winds up spending an unforgettable night with the man of her dreams. One week later, as a favor, she attends a wedding with a friend as his date and is shocked when she sees Roarke again.

Roarke Hawthorne despises cheating. Cheating tore apart his family years ago. When the physics professor sees the woman he spent the night with show up at his sister’s wedding on the arm of his brother, he knows he should keep his distance. But because of the night they set fire to the sheets in his hotel room, he can’t resist the urge to be close to her–nor can he resist the temptation to have her back in his bed.





Excerpt




Lust flickered in his eyes, and for tense moments they stared at each other, lost in the memories of heated whispers and tangled sheets. Then, as suddenly as he’d grabbed her, he dropped her arm like a hot coal.

“Derrick doesn’t deserve to be lied to and made a fool of.” He stepped around her toward the door.

Celeste grabbed his forearm to stall his exit. “Wait, please.”

“Celeste, I can’t do this.”

She slipped between him and the door. She couldn’t be the reason for a confrontation between the two brothers, and she couldn’t bear the humiliation of Derrick finding out she’d slept with his brother the first night they met. “Please don’t say anything to Derrick. I’ll stay out of your way. I promise. You won’t even know I’m here.”

He looked down at her hand, and she followed his gaze to where her fingers wrapped around his arm. She withdrew them with haste. When her eyes found his again, desire shimmied down her spine at the hunger she saw in his.

“That’s not what I meant,” he said, his voice thick and low. “I can’t be near you. You’re too much of a temptation. Maybe you can stay away from me, but I don’t know if I can keep my hands off of you.” He slammed his palms against the door above her shoulders.

Celeste jumped, her eyes widening in shock. Shaken, she pressed back against the hard door to distance herself from him. They were too close, and the instinctive movement did little to protect her from the heat of sexual frustration emanating from his pores.

His chest rose and fell with each deep breath, and a storm brewed in his dark brown eyes. “What are you doing to me?”

The tortured question needed no answer. Even if she’d been obliged to respond, he seized her mouth before she could, and his tongue thrust between her lips. The muscular, dark cords of his arms encircled her waist and held her against his body, crushing her soft curves into each hard contour of his.



Want more? Buy it now from all major online retailers.



http://delaneydiamond.com





