C​

ream

Christiana Harrell

Copyright © 2013 by Christiana Harrell
This is a work of fiction. The author has invented the characters. Any resemblance to actual
persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by
any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy, recording, or any information storage
and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher except for the use of brief
quotations in a book review.
Photo Credit:​ (c) B. Austin / www.fotosearch.com
Edited By: Trelani M. Duncan
Email the author: ​wordsRmylife86@yahoo.com
First Edition
Visit: Christiana-harrell.com
ISBN-13: 978-1491096147
ISBN-10: 1491096144

“It’s easy to take off your clothes and have sex. People do it all the time. But opening up your
soul to someone, letting them into your spirit, thoughts, fears, future, hopes, dreams… that is
being completely naked.”
Rob Bell

Books by Christiana Harrell
Girl-A Story for Every Les Being
Girl-Six Color Society
The D in Drama
The Replacement Man
Impossible Standards
Among Us
Beneath the Surface
Intermission

O​ne
Junction City, Kansas
Only broke people say money isn’t everything. I’d never let that lie cross my lips. I
needed money; needed it in the worst way and there were no limits on what I’d do to get it. I
didn’t grow up with much. Bouncing from foster home to foster home, I called no woman
mother and no man father. I couldn’t believe in God because I had never been introduced to
him.
I had very few possessions to my name; a name I only recognized as my own because
someone told me it was mine.. I owned one, oversized, nameless duffle bag that I selected
from a box of donations when I was twelve. I felt safer when my few belongings were inside
of something and that was the only reason I took it. It had a little rip on the side, but I didn’t
care because anything that was handed down was expected to have cosmetic issues. I was
just excited that the zipper worked and it belonged to me. I filled it with shirts from the thrift
store, a pair of white washed jeans, and one pair of dusty, red and white Chuck Taylors that I
cherished—the only name brand thing that I owned.
The first fight that I ever had was over those dirty old tennis shoes. I’ll never forget
it. I was fourteen-years-old and had just been transferred to a new home because of my bad
temper. As I slept in one of the bunk beds, I knew there would be a day when the other girls
would try me. It never failed. Foster homes were no different from jails or detention centers.
Somebody always had to “pull your hoe card” to see if they could run you or not. I wasn’t
anybody’s bitch. I guess that’s just the way it was when you filled a house with a bunch of
problematic children and teens. There were six of us in Ms. Weston’s place and lucky me, I
got to share a room with Tanisha.
Ms. Weston’s house was a pale, yellow, one-story living space. There was one
window in every room and she made sure every window had bars on it. She’d had runaways
before. It was the only house on the street with bars over the windows. It made everybody
look at us funny. For the most part, it was a decent house: five bedrooms, two and a half
bathrooms, a kitchen, a dining area, a living room, and a washroom. Ms. Weston kept it
pretty clean considering there were seven people living there.
Tanisha Watkins was a slob and she always got us into trouble. When she cleaned,
she simply pushed everything under her bed. She always left water bottles and plates of food
lying around on the floor. Between her trash and funky shoes, our room smelled like ass and
onions every night.

She was the ugliest girl I’d ever seen in my life. She was a mixed chick but, whatever
combination of nationalities led to her existence had gotten it all wrong. She was
nineties-jokes ugly: you so ugly, yo’ mama had to feed you with a slingshot; you so ugly,
you gotta sneak up to the mirror. I was convinced that being ugly had to be the reason her
parents gave her up. I definitely wouldn’t want the responsibility of building the confidence
of that broad for the next eighteen years. Her skin was light and covered in red bumps and
freckles; sometimes you couldn’t tell the difference between the two.
On top of being ugly, she was always noticeable. She was so knocked-kneed that you
could spot her walking in a crowd because she looked as if she was walking in circles
around herself. On top of the waddling walk, at least 190 pounds sat on her five-foot-three
frame and her head was covered in frizzy hair.
Everything about her annoyed me and she had the nerve to further aggravate me with
her constant gum popping.
Like most bullies, Tanisha had an entourage. Those must have been the cardinal
rules to being a badass: be ugly and have at least two flunkies.
Alexa DeWolfe and Marion Warlow were those two idiots. They followed her
everywhere she went. Alexa was Canadian and, in my opinion, she only nipped at Tanisha’s
heels because her and Tanisha were the only girls of another race in the house. She’d much
rather be a “yes girl” than get her ass kicked every day. Marion was just an idiot. She did all
of Tanisha’s homework and met every demand like Tanisha was her lover .
If Tanisha yelled for water, Marion would be the first one up to get it and ask if she
wanted ice too.
I was about to give everybody in that house a reason to think for themselves.
Tanisha crept beside my little, twin bed one night—the same type of bed that was in
every room throughout the house—and tugged at my duffle bag. She wasn’t as quiet as she
thought she was. I opened one eye and watched her as she rummaged through it and pulled
out my red and white sneakers. She smiled, showing crooked teeth. I balled my fist beneath
the blanketand socked her ass with a right hook before she could stand. That one lick echoed
through all of Junction City, Kansas and soon, four other girls were in our room to watch the
fight.
I jumped out of my bed to give her the ass whipping she’d never gotten from a parent.
Somebody had to teach this heifer a life lesson—thou shalt not steal. She tried her best to
swing her flabby arms at me, but everybody knows that once your back is on the ground and
someone is on top of you, your chances of winning are slim to none. I kicked her ass good. I
knocked a lot more than some sense into her. Our foster mother rushed into the room when
she heard the girls cheering me on.I didn’t even feel the need to talk to her as I whipped her

ass—each blow to her head spoke clearly enough: “I bet. Not catch. You touching. My stuff.
Again!” My fists let her and everyone else know that I was off limits.
Ms. Weston lifted me from the floor as I continued to swing. I bit down on my bottom
lip as she carried me to the little office she had in her extra room and tossed me into a big
leather chair.
“Calm your little ass down!” She screamed. Stress lines wrinkled her forehead.
Ms. Weston looked a bit young to be a foster mother, but I knew she wasn’t since she
had a grown son. He didn’t come around often, but his face was plastered in the frames on
the walls and mantels throughout the house.
Ms. Weston was well kept. She was always dressed well, wore very little make-up,
and got regular manicures. She had a pretty coconut complexion and her weight was due to
age not laziness. She was always up and moving about, even when she thought everyone
was sleeping.
I would watch her from the window as she crept out of the house on the weekends
with her purse dangling from her shoulder. Her heels click clacking down the walkway.
As I slumped into the chair in her office, she rambled through my history of foster
homes and all of the reasons nobody ever wanted me. Her words went in one ear and out the
other. I was still fuming about my shoes.
When you don’t have much, you cherish the little you receive and anything in that
duffle bag was mine; I appreciated it. That duffle bag was my motivation and, to this day, I
think about it every night as I slide my ass down a pussy-recycled pole for drooling men.

T​wo
Dallas, Texas

My hair brushed the floor and I eased down the pole with my clear stilettos pointed
toward the ceiling. The song was ending and my back pressed against the cold stage. One of
my regulars, a bowlegged, country white boy, dropped a few more singles on me.
“Thanks, Chad,” I said and winked, rolling over to lift myself up and collect my
money.
“Give it up for, Siren!” The DJ said loud enough to echo through the clubas I made
my exit. Nobody ever really clapped though; that might have been a strange thing to do in a
strip club. The only clapping that should be happening was the clapping of ass cheeks.
My friend Kitty, one of the other strippers at the club, grabbed a handful of my ass
when I headed to the dressing room to pack up.
“I told you about grabbing my ass!” I yelled over the bass as she followed me into the
quiet.
Kitty was the first friend I ever made, ever. She was at the club the first day that I
auditioned for Rick, the club owner. She leaned against the bar as I did my amateur moves
on the pole. Unlike Texas, most cities in Kansas had one strip club. There wasn’t much you
could learn. The cities that had more than one strip club but less than five were Wichita,
Topeka, Lawrence, and Junction City—where I once resided.
As soon as I stepped down, I was hired. Before I left, she approached me.
“You did your thing up there.”
“Thanks.” I said, walking away.
“I’m not sure those moves will get you paid though.”
I stopped walking. “​I​ thought my moves were cash worthy.”
“I didn’t say you would get nothing. You might walk out with three hundred.”
“Three hundred is cool with me.”
“Cool if you live somewhere like Galveston. You’re in the third largest city in Texas,
sweetie. You can rack up.”
“And just who are you?” I asked, still keeping my distance.
“Cynthia.” She extended her hand all polite and shit. “In here, I’m Kitty.”
“Siren.” I shook only the tips of her fingers.

Kitty offered to show me a few moves. I wasn’t used to women being nice to me
without wanting something or secretly hating me. They hung around because men favored
my looks and flocked to me and I never called a single one friend.
Marion was the first to pretend she was my friend. Once I gave Tanisha the beating of
her life, she just didn’t seem worthy enough to follow. Marion rushed behind me as I
stepped onto the school bus and sat next to me. She complimented my dingy clothes and
made small talk about Tanisha, saying how much she hated her.
By our junior year, Marion hated me too. She realized that although boys flocked to
me, that didn’t mean that they’d want to know who my friend was. I never liked any of them
but that didn’t matter. Her jealousy had festered too long for her to see the truth. She joined
the rest of the girls in the house that steered clear of me and, by the end of the summer, she
was pregnant. She’d finally found a boy that would give her the time of day.
Because of that situation alone, I started giving girls six months for their shady side to
come out. The “friendships” would end before they even started.
For the first month, I was cautious around Kitty. I watched what I said and did but I
learned quickly that Kitty had the same problem with females that I had .
I took a break in the dressing room and Kitty headed upstairs. She wasn’t out of site
for two seconds when this stripper named Dior started running her mouth.
“I can’t stand that hoe,” she said to another stripper. “You know she fucked Louis.”
“You’re lying. I thought Kitty was a dyke.” The other stripper responded. Feeding the
fire.
“Yeah, when it’s convenient for her. Louis is always telling me how she sucked him
off. He said her head isn’t even that ​fye​.” She laughed.
I knocked something on the floor on purpose and they both looked in my direction
and turned up their noses.
“Oh, my bad. Did I interrupt your simple bitch conversation?”
“What you said?”
“You heard me. Can’t y’all pick anyone else to talk about besides someone who not
in the room to hear the stupid shit y’all saying?”
“Oh no this hoe didn’t.”
I don’t know why I felt the need to defend Kitty. I guess I’d experienced enough of
that in foster care. Females that stand in the shadows with their rumors and opinions but
never approach you and tell you straight up that they don’t like you.
“I did. You standing there talking about somebody when all you are is a cracked-out,
stank pussy stripper. Why you think all the customers get up when you bring your rancid ass
on stage? Go wash your ass before you ​drag somebody who doesn’t give two fucks about
you.”

Dior would have snapped back had her buddy not laughed. Instead, she stormed out
of the dressing room and never said another thing around me.
They only hated Kitty because she was beautiful. So beautiful that she could be the
ninth wonder of the world even though an eighth had yet to be officially listed. Kitty had
runway legs carrying her five-foot-nine physique. Her body was ​Insanity workout fit and her
ass was stacked behind her, rumbling with every step.
Unlike Tanisha, the attempted shoe thief, Kitty was a flawless bi-racial mix: a
white-American father and a Black-Jamaican mother. Every good trait her parents had, she
got; a twenty-six inch waist, flawless skin, a tiny pointed nose, and perky breasts to complete
her perfect package. Yeah, I looked. So what? We stripped for a living. Her baby face and
bangs were added bonuses to her banging body, which kept the men drooling. They handed
over their whole paychecks just to be in her presence. But, like the simple bitch said, Kitty
fancied the other sex.
My mouth dropped when I finally confirmed the dyke rumor. I saw her in a black
Range Rover, tonguing down some girl and squeezing her nipples through a barely there
shirt. She looked up at me, winked, then went right back to what she was doing. I had never
really been exposed to that type of lifestyle, and I saw a lot of shit before I turned eleven.
Kitty came to me the next day as if I hadn’t seen her with a girl. She teased me about
the expression on my face and told me her story. She never liked men. The only man that
ever touched her was her daddy. He paid for that with a knife in his back when her older
brother, Corey, caught him trying to stick his bird in a nest it didn’t build. Her brother was
still in prison. You had to love the American justice system and I mean that with as much
sarcasm as possible.
She even cleared up the rumor about Louis, the simple bitch’s boyfriend. He wanted
to talk to her, but when she rejected him, he told Dior things that weren’t true to create a rift
between them.
Kitty never knew her mom. She’d seen a few pictures of her and she knew her
name—Laurie—but she didn’t know what they had in common. She wished that she knew
her but that’s all that it was, a wish. I figured one of two was wonderful, even if her father
did touch her. I knew zero. Didn’t even have a picture.
Kitty and I spent every moment together in and out of the strip club. Even if she was
fucking some girl, I was in the next room. I’d read books or watch something foolish on
television. At the time, my obsession was reruns of Charmed.
We’d stay up late at night talking about our past, fears, failures, and future. For the
first time I opened up to someone. She made it easy. I told her everything, even my real
name. My real, real name and not the ones I made up when strangers refused to accept my
stage name as legit. I could tell her anything because I knew she’d take it to her grave, secret

or not. If it wasn’t for her friendship, after six months, I would have been on to the next city.
I’d already lived in five other cities.
I considered her the sister I never had. An older and wiser one since she was always
lecturing me and telling me what to do with my life and my money—as if we weren’t the
same age. . “You need to have a plan, Siren, you can’t strip all your life” was her favorite
line.
Kitty was in college, double majoring in psychology and criminal justice. She wanted
to defend the innocent who were accused of being guilty—people like her brother.
“I can’t help it. I see ass and I have to touch it.” Kitty smiled.
“Gay ass.”
“And proud of it,” she laughed. “You need to hop on over to this side and let me show
you how to really live. You have the perfect lips for eating pussy.” She eyed my kissers.
“Quit looking at my mouth, freak.”
She giggled. “So, where you headed after this?”
“To get a room and some sleep.”
“You still haven’t found a place yet?”
“I’m not looking.”
“Girl, you bank a G or more every night. You know how many twenty-one-year olds
wish they made that much? You can find somewhere nicer than those hotels you’re crashing
in.”
“I prefer a hotel to handing over a ridiculous amount of money for property I’ll never
own. Besides, my clock is running out in this city. I’m ready to try someplace new.” I
confessed as I threw my jeans and t-shirt on.
“Oh, you’re trying to leave me? At least let me fuck first,” she taunted. “You say that
shit every night. You’re not leaving me.”
I pulled my thong from my body and tossed it at Kitty’s face and she caught them.
“That’s the closest you’ll ever get to this na-na.”
She lifted them to her nose and took a whiff. “Mm, that just made me want you even
more.”
I laughed. “Nasty, bitch.” I packed up my bag and tossed it over my shoulder. “Are
you still doing my hair tomorrow?”
“I got you, boo. Stay until my shift ends and sleep at my place tonight. I wish you
would just move in.”
“Cool. Give me your keys so I can put my bag in your truck. And moving in with you
would be the same as paying rent. Leave me be.”
Kitty handed me the keys from her bag and I left. She grabbed my ass one more time
and ran off before I could smack her.

T​hree
“I swear you make me sick with all this hair on your damn head.” Kitty said as she
braided my hair back.
“Jealous, are we?” I teased.
“Hell yeah, I’m jealous. You have hair down your back and you keep it under a wig.”
“It’s too difficult to manage.”
“I manage it just fine. Some girls would kill for all this hair. Shit, they’d kill just to
look like you.”
Even though I didn’t know my parents, there was one thing I was sure of: they were
attractive and I got all their best features. Everywhere I went, girls envied me. I had naturally
long lashes, Naomi Campbell cheekbones, and Meagan Good lips. For most of my life,
people complimented me. Telling me that I was beautiful for a black girl and that I could
easily be a model. Don’t think that the “black” comment didn’t bother me. I gave them the
blues for that statement. Black was always beautiful.
I considered my face and body an apology from God for the life he gave me. I could
hear him saying, “Sorry you don’t have parents, but at least you’re beautiful.”
Poor Tanisha Watkins.
“Can I ask you something?” Kitty asked.
“I guess so.”
“Where the hell are you from?”
I shrugged my shoulders.
“You don’t know where you’re from?” The shock in her voice was unmistakable.
“I was told Mississippi, but I don’t ever remember being there.”
“I’m confused.”
“I grew up in foster care.”
“That explains a lot. How come you never told me that before? I mean, I know that
you didn’t know your parents. I assumed that you lived with an aunt or another family
member.”

“I wish. It would have been better than growing up with complete strangers. And
what do you mean by that explains a lot?”
“No offense, but Siren, you got issues.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Psshh, yes, you do. You do inventory on all your shit every night. You damn near
broke Starr’s arm for borrowing your brush. And, you refuse to move into an apartment or
buy a car. That has commitment and abandonment issues written all over it. You refuse to
take responsibility for anything.”
“Are you diagnosing me? Damn psychology majors.”
“It’s the truth. I can’t even figure you out. We’ve been friends for what… a year and
some days now? When we go out to eat, you never order the same thing twice. Everybody
has a favorite something or at least a little routine. Nothing about you stays the same.”
“I guess.”
“Don’t get defensive. I’m just calling it like I see it. And now you’re talking about
moving.”
“I’m moving because I need a change of scenery and more money.”
“A ​G a night is good money. You don’t spend it on nothing but food, costumes, and
hotels.”
“Shit, the strippers down in ATL make way more than that. I’m trying to get on that
level. I can spend it on whatever I want.”
“So money is your only motivation in life?”
“Pretty much. I don’t have kids or a husband. What else is there to do other than make
sure I’m taken care of day-to-day? You only get one life, might as well make sure you have
the best of everything while you’re here.”
“There is more to life than material things. And ​again,​ you don’t buy anything!” Kitty
emphasized.
“This coming from a stripper who drags me to the mall for Michael Kors bags and
Chanel anything. And there isn’t anything I want to buy right now. I’m saving it. I don’t
know for what yet. I’m just saving it.”
“Hey, I like nice things, but I want love and kids too so we can all have nice things
together. You? You’re saving for yourself.”
“Bitch, you can’t have kids. You like women.”
“Men do still exist, you know. I don’t need his dick, just his sperm. Everything in me
still works.”She said and popped me on top of my head with the rattail comb. “I’m finished.
Grab your shit so we can get to this club.”
Kitty handed me her keys. “You drive. Maybe driving my whip will make you feel on
top of the world and you’ll go out and get your own.” She teased.

“Forget you. I don’t need a car. Maybe I’ll just pay you to be my chauffeur and
change your name to Alfred.”
“That’s a man’s name.”
“Aren’t you the man in your relationships?” I got up to run out of the house and she
chased me. “Come, come, Alfred.” I laughed aloud and we got into the car.
I’d only had my driver’s license for a few weeks. Kitty made it her business to teach
me when she found out I couldn’t drive. I didn’t care for it much, but I loved how excited
Kitty was about having someone to teach.
After a few minutes, we stopped at a gas station close to the club so she could get a
pack of Black and Mild cigars. I hated those things. I was more of a drinker than a smoker.
“Get me a drink!” I yelled through the passenger side window as Kitty headed into the
store. I sat tapping my fingers against the steering wheel as music blared from the speakers.
She emerged after five minutes and we were on our way to the club. I sipped on the coke she
got me then sat it in the cup holder.
“Can I tell you something and you not get all weird?” Kitty asked.
“Just tell me.”
“You’re the best friend I’ve ever had, Siren, and I love you.”
I felt a twinge of something in my body, something I couldn’t explain. Nobody had
ever said those words to me. I pulled up to a red light and faced her, wanting to look her in
the eyes when I replied. “I love you, too,” I responded with ease and meant it.
Kitty smiled at me and just as she opened her mouth to speak, the glass behind us
shattered. We both screamed. I ducked. Shots fired into the car and boys yelled. The only
line I caught was: “That’s not his truck!” and then feet scrambled. I lifted my head and saw
that Kitty was slumped over. I reached to check on her but, there was no response as I pushed
at her.
“Kitty,” I said calmly at first. Then I noticed her shirt was soaked in blood. “Kitty!” I
screamed and jumped out of the truck to pull her from the other side. A car pulled up behind
us and turned on their hazard lights.
“Help me! Help me!” I cried as I rocked Kitty and tapped her face, hoping she was
just unconscious and not dead. Shattered glass pushed into my skin. People rushed over, but I
couldn’t be moved no matter how many people tugged at me. I couldn’t speak no matter how
many people tried talking to me.
“Kitty!” I wailed out into the night sky. My chest was tight and I could barely breathe.
This couldn’t be happening.
“Kitttyyyyy!”
Right at that moment, I vowed never to get behind a wheel again.

F​our
Kitty, Cynthia Mass, had only been gone a week, and I wasn’t making it without her.
If this was what it felt like to love somebody and lose them, I didn’t want shit else to do with
that feeling. I still saw her in my arms, lifeless, eyes wide open. I threw back Patron shots to
kill the image.
I hadn’t even bothered to take the next night off. I needed more money so I could get
the fuck out of Dallas. Being a stripper didn’t give me time off to grieve anyway, so I had to
work.
I sat with a piece of paper and an ink pen in front of me. It had Kitty’s brother’s name
written at the top of it. Somebody had to tell him she was gone. She was all he had.
It broke my heart to walk around her apartment and see all the pictures of her and her
brother as kids hanging against her wall. The good always die young. She kept all of his
letters in a drawer in her bedroom. I grabbed one just to get his address and the rest I burned
before her nosey ass extended family could come and pry.
She didn’t have an insurance policy, so I paid for her funeral with some of the money
I’d saved up. All of her regular customers came, the family she never spoke to, and a few of
her ex-girlfriends. Everybody cried—the real and the fake, but not me. I was still couldn’t
believe that it happened.
I took a recent picture of her from her apartment and tucked it into my duffel bag with
my red and white sneakers. Yes, I still had them. Now she was in the bag of items that meant
everything to me.
“Siren, we need you on the floor.” A woman’s voice called.
“In a minute!” I yelled toward the door, not bothering to turn and see who it was.
I abandoned the pen and paper and headed out to the club. I walked over to the bar for
another shot. I could feel all eyes on me; stares of sympathy. Everybody knew Kitty and I
were thick as thieves. A cold hand patted me on my back and I turned.
“Hey, Chad.” I said.
“Hey, beautiful. Sorry about your loss.”
“Thanks.” I forced a smile.
“I heard it was your last night at the club. If there is anything that I can do for you
before you leave, just let me know.”

The bartender handed me my shot and I threw it back. “Actually, there is. I need a
ride to the airport in the morning. I was just going to call a taxi, but sometimes they can be
kind of slow.”
“Just give me a time and I’m there.” He smiled.
“Darlene, can I get a pen?” I yelled over the bar and pulled one of the small, white,
square napkins from the wooden holster. I jotted down the address to the hotel I was staying
at and my flight time. “Thanks, Chad.”
He gave me a wink and placed the napkin into his pocket. I walked away to make
some last minute cash.
I didn’t even bother going to sleep. It wouldn’t make much sense with the hours that I
worked. I went straight from the club to my room to sit and wait. I had the first flight to
Louisiana booked. It wasn’t that far, but it was away from where I was.
Chad called my room phone to see if I was ready. All I had was my duffle bag. It was
all that I ever needed.
“Good morning, beautiful.” Chad smiled.
“Morning.” I said and eased into the passenger side, tossing my bag behind his seat.
“Which airport are you going to?”
“Love.”
“Alright, buckle up.” He said and pulled off.
I entertained him with idle conversation as he drove. Dallas was so damn spread out; I
figured that I might as well sit back and chit chat.
He told me about his wife and three kids. I was surprised he knew anything about
them at all considering the amount of time he spent at the strip club, giving me all of his
money in tips. Chad was never disrespectful though, if respect even existed in a strip
club.Most wives deemed it disrespectful for a man to simply enter a strip club, but wouldn’t
meet him halfway by stripping for him at home. The way I saw it, strippers only did what
they wouldn’t. Chad never got loud; he’d have one drink and toss a generous amount of
money. From what he was saying about how wonderful his family was, I couldn’t understand
why he spent so much time at the club, so I asked.
“I love black women” was his response. I laughed. All the white boys do, even the
ones that won’t admit it. He went on to tell me why he loved black women so much and then
I understood what it was his wife lacked—ass and attitude.
We pulled up to the passenger drop-off and, like a gentleman, Chad hopped out,
retrieved my bag from the backseat, and ran around to my side to open my door. Of course,
I’d already beat him to the last one. He handed me my bag and I gave him a hug.
“I’m surely going to miss you down at the club.”
“I’ll miss you too.” I said and began walking away.

“Hey,” he paused. “What’s your name, your real name?”
“Cynthia.” I smiled as I added on a new fake alias to my repertoire.
“Call me if you ever need anything, Cynthia.”
“Thanks, Chad.”
I walked into the airport and stood in line to get my ticket. I didn’t have a bankcard so
I couldn’t conveniently use the kiosk they had available. I only had one bag, so I just carried
it onto the plane with me. I headed for security and after the ridiculous check, I went to my
terminal, grabbing a sandwich from Subway while I waited to board.
I started thinking about Kitty’s brother, Corey. I needed to write to him and tell him
that she was gone. Kitty told me one night while we were sharing our tales of past and
present, that he wouldn’t answer letters from anyone but her. Their family had turned their
backs on them after the death of their father and only called when they needed something.
So, if anyone wrote him, he tossed their letter in the trash. I had already labeled the envelope
with Kitty’s name and address. It was time I actually wrote the letter.
I remember wondering why they wrote and didn’t call one another, but Kitty cleared
that up by telling me that it was his preference. The phone calls were too short for everything
he wanted to say. He wanted unlimited conversation and something he could keep.
I apologized to him for being misleading and said that I wouldn’t have done it if it
wasn’t necessary. I hated that I had to be the bearer of bad news. I told him that, too. It was
challenging to deliver such news, but I knew that it was much more difficult for him to
receive it. I hoped that when he read the letter that he was sitting down. ​“Cynthia is dead”
was somewhere on the sixth line of the page and I figured by then he just might stop reading.
I hoped the word dead wasn’t too harsh. I couldn’t imagine what it would feel like sitting in a
room with all his rights stripped, being treated like an animal for killing his father, and now
having to learn that his sister was gone too. There was a possibility that he’d ball the paper
up and toss it at the wall. He’d hate me for not saying something sooner. I hadn’t known that
prisoners could go to the funerals of immediate family members, so, like the police, I’d
violated his rights.
I told him the answer to what I assumed would be his first question. ​“She was shot
and killed as we left a gas station and the police wrote it up as a case of mistaken identity.” I
went on to tell him that the police had no leads and unfortunately, I didn’t get a look at a
single suspect. That part was a bit much.
I then explained who I was and how I knew Kitty. ​“She was my best friend, my only
friend,” I said. I apologized for taking so long to send the letter; I, too, was all messed up and
didn’t know my left from my right. But if he needed someone to hate, it could be me.
In closing, I let him know that she was properly buried and that I loved Kitty like a
sister. If she loved him, then I guess I loved him too. And in loving him, I took on the

responsibility of keeping money on his books and sending him a letter to keep him in touch
with the outside world. He was all that I had left of Kitty, even if I didn’t know him well. I
knew what I was told and that was admirable. I gave him the option of writing me back by
letting him know that wherever I was, I would get a P.O. Box. It was then that I informed
him of my floating habits. I apologized for his loss once more then signed and sealed the
letter to be.

F​ive
New Orleans, Louisiana
I closed my eyes for a second and dozed off without realizing it. When I opened them
again , I was in New Orleans, Louisiana; the city of spicy foods, fast-talking, jazz music, and
graves above ground. I smiled as the flight attendant welcomed us and told us to prepare for
landing. My heart was still heavy, but at least I could begin to clear my head in a new place.
It took me all of two minutes to gather myself. I exited the plane before the other
passengers and followed the signs to the exit. I had some things I needed to handle.
The humid air of New Orleans hit me and I squinted and fanned the heat. Although it
was hot here, it was much better than the dry heat in Texas.
I hopped into the first available taxi. “Closest Best Buy please.” I directed.
For the entire ride, the driver watched me in his rearview mirror. I looked up and
turned my nose up at him and he looked away, clearing his throat. Didn’t anybody tell this
motherfucker that staring was rude?
We pulled up to Best Buy and I handed him a few dollars as a tip and asked him to
wait. I wasn’t paying until my final destination because cab drivers were shady people. I took
my duffle bag with me. I took it everywhere. I didn’t need to look around, I knew exactly
what I needed—a phone and laptop. A jolly white girl with a head full of blue-streaked hair
walked over to me in her blue shirt. She clearly took her job too seriously.
“May I help you with something?”
“I need to get a phone.”
“Alright, follow me.”
She started rattling off all these different brands and their features. She asked me if I
preferred Samsung, Ericsson and some other irrelevant brands. They all did the same things,
right? I tilted my head to the side because I honestly didn’t know the difference. I really
didn’t care; I just needed it to dial out and receive calls. I wanted to keep my promises to
Corey and these two things would help me do that.
After about thirty minutes, the associate realized I wasn’t into any of the fancy things
that she was selling. She sold me a regular, prepaid flip phone since I didn’t have many
people to call. I grabbed the laptop without her help. I paid and returned to my taxi. He was
still there.
“Take me to a post office then to wherever downtown is.” I instructed.
“Any place in particular downtown?”
“Anywhere near Bourbon.”

He nodded and pulled off. No matter what cities I traveled to, I knew all downtown
areas had two things: strip clubs and hotels.
I didn’t know much about New Orleans, except for the things I read growing up. Kitty
talked about it all the time because she dated a girl who lived here. She always joked that the
girl put voodoo on her because it was the only time in her life that she was actually faithful.
She said her New Orleans girl was the reason she yearned for love and the family life She
also said the bitch was crazy. She loved to hate her.
Kitty always talked about Bourbon Street. She said the locals didn’t find much about
it exciting, but she loved it. She bragged about the Cherry Bombs and Hand Grenades, the
strip clubs, restaurants, gift shops, and local accents. She was fascinated with the fact that the
further you walked down Bourbon Street, the gayer it became . Rainbow flags hung from
buildings, drag queens, and half-naked men stood in the middle of the street talking,
drinking, and making out. To her, that was living.
The cabby pulled up to the post office. It took me five minutes inside, and I retrieved
the form I needed for a P.O. Box. I hopped back into the yellow taxi and the driver dropped
me at the corner of St. Charles and Canal, which wasn’t far from the post office on Loyola
street.
“Where’s Bourbon?” I asked.
“Just cross the street and the name changes. You’re on Bourbon.”
I paid him and slid out, Best Buy bag in hand and duffle bag on my shoulder. I looked
around at the tall buildings and the people crossing the street not caring if the light was red or
not. Horns honked, taxis blocked lanes, and police cars drove up and down in the middle of
two-way traffic. I fell into the crowd as groups crossed the street .
Bourbon didn’t seem that fascinating in daylight, but there were sites that made me
smile: the man playing the trumpet, kids tap dancing in tennis shoes, and a woman selling
roses from a cart. Looked like a city of hustlers, which meant I was in the right place.
I moved further up the street and almost passed out from the loud smell of shit, piss,
sewage, and whatever else. I covered my nose but others around me didn’t seem fazed by the
stench.
I entered the first strip club that I saw. It was on the right hand side and girls danced
in the window. One was pretending to lickme and I laughed. Nobody sat at the front door so
I just headed in.
“Can I do something for you?” A male’s voice said in dim lighting.
“I’m looking for the owner or manager.”
“You have an appointment?”
“No, are you the manager?”
“Depends on who’s asking.”

I followed the sound of his voice and met him halfway around the stage in the middle
of the floor. He smiled when he saw my face and looked me up and down.
“Damn,” he said, not bothering to hide his thoughts. Men often said that when they
saw me . It was old now.
I wasn’t even sure what he was saying damn to when my hair was still in the week old
braids that Kitty put in. I rocked a pair of ripped jeans and a beater and that wasn’t flattering.
“Let me guess,” he said looking me up and down. “Dancer?”
I nodded my head.
“You trying to audition?”
“If you have room for me.”
“I can never have enough dancers. Can you work a pole? Because if you can’t, don’t
waste my time or yours. I can point you to She-She’s or something. Our customers like skill.
Any average hoe can shake their ass.”
“I’m definitely not average.” I smirked.
“Show me what you got then.” He stepped out of the way.
Thanks to Kitty, who was a pole dancing extraordinaire, I had skills that were
unmatched. She taught me everything I knew. I kicked off my shoes and dropped my jeans
right there, setting my things on a vacant chair. I was far from shy.
I hopped up on stage and went straight for the pole, climbing to the top and tricking
all the way down. No music played, but I didn’t need it. ‘Skin’ by Rihanna played in my
head. It was Kitty’s favorite pole-dancing song. I ended the little routine in a split and when I
looked up, the manager’s mouth was wide open.
“You are bad, girl. I wasn’t expecting that. Can you start tonight?”
“I can start whenever you want me to.”
“I like that. Be here for ten.”
He handed me his card: Gerald Poinson, Manager. I tucked the card into my bag and
slipped back into my jeans and shoes. I needed to get a room and a new costume since I left
all my old things behind. Starting over never bothered me.
Bourbon was a different street when I returned. A band played on the corner and
people danced in the street. Cars tried to drive down but were forced to turn off so people
could walk wherever they wanted. Now I was starting to see the hype.
I walked into the club and the bouncer smiled. “It’s a ten dollar cover, love.” He said.
“I’m dancing here.”
“Oh, you’re the new chick everybody can’t wait to see.”
Word traveled fast. The guard stood and escorted me through the club to Gerald’s
office.

“You look like a different person.Still fine as ever, but different.” Gerald said as he
stood from his desk.
I didn’t doubt that I looked different. After leaving the club, I booked a room and
started prepping myself for the night. I finally cried for Kitty and I undid my braids and let
my crinkled hair fall to my shoulders. I tweezed my brows and did my makeup. I was ready
to work that stage and make some fools come up out of their hard-earned cash.
“Thank you, I guess.” I smiled.
“Have a seat.”
I took a seat in front of him and he rattled off the rules, which were very simple: no
prostituting and to pay him his percentage of my tips. He told me I had a week to prove I was
worth keeping around and then he entertained me with stories of strippers that he’d fired in
the past. ​How the fuck does a stripper get fired?
Apparently, it happens. Only a few weeks ago, he had to let a stripper go for
pick-pocketing the customers, and another one weeks before that for selling weed and pills
on the property.
“Come on. Let me introduce you to the girls.” He stood.
I stood too and followed, ready for whatever was about to come my way.
“You have a stage name already?” He asked.
“Yeah, Siren.”
“Cool.”
We walked to the back and there were naked bitches everywhere. He got everyone’s
attention and introduced me. Some girls smiled and others rolled their eyes. He was loose in
calling them bitches and hoes—nothing new. There were no ladies in this industry.
My eyes followed his pointed finger as he told me who everybody was. You had
Princess, a short thick bitch with a butterfly tattoo on her ass and a septum piercing. Nicki
Minaj was clearly her idol from the looks of her pink lipstick and bleach blonde wig; neither
was flattering against her dark skin.
Next, there was Cherry. She was tall and her hair was faded and dyed red. Her legs
were covered with black stars and her cheeks were pierced. Bitch, if God didn’t give you
dimples, you weren’t meant to have them. I’m just saying.
“That’s Heaven.” He pointed. “Heaven. Heaven, turn around.”
“For what? This bitch ain’t special. You come back here introducing this hoe like she
a celebrity or some shit. Quit fronting like this some shit you been doing.”
All the girls laughed.
Gerald was clearly afraid of Heaven. I made the assumption that she was fucking him
from his body language. She could talk to him stupid, but she damn sure wasn’t about to
disrespect me.

“I clearly mean something if he felt the need to change his routine.” I snapped.
“Excuse me?” She said and finally turned to face us. Heaven matched me in height.
Her back was covered in colorful flowers and, unlike the rest of the strippers, her face was
free of piercings. Ignorant bitch or not, she was gorgeous. Her jet black hair was parted off to
the side and hung around her shoulders. “Bitch you don’t know me.”
“And you don’t know me.” I said, dropping my bag on the floor. I was ready to roll
with this bitch if need be. The room was silent.
“Alright, chill out. Heaven, get your ass out front.”
She smirked and slid her feet into her stilettos then walked past me, bumping my
shoulder. I thought to knock her ass over, but it was my first night and I needed to get my
stacks back up after paying for a funeral. I’d handle beef later. Bitch hated me for no reason,
but I was used to that.

S​ix
I sat in front of the mirror in the dressing room, lining my eyes. I hated mirrors and
not because I hated to look at myself. Mirrors reminded me of Ms. Weston. After my first
fight, I started to look at her as a real mother figure. She lectured me all night that night; told
me that I was too pretty to let ugly girls upset me. She asked me if I wanted to get kicked out
of another foster home and I shook my with my arms folded across my chest.
“Just do what I say and we both can make it through the coming days. ” She said and
sent me back to my bed.
I shadowed her after that, drinking in her knowledge and lying for her whenever
facilitators came to inspect the home. They had heard that she was creeping out late at night
and abandoning us. Not to mention the male company she often had over. It was never the
same guy twice. I told them differently, batting my eyelashes and flashing my best smile.
Ms. Weston would always stand behind me in the mirror, telling me how pretty I was
as she styled my hair and thanked me for what I did. For a moment, I actually thought she
loved me and it made me feel good to know I was capable of being loved.
She gave me things (hair products, jewelry, clothes, shoes, etc.) in private and she
told me not to show the other girls because they would get jealous. She also made sure I
didn’t have another problem with Tanisha by having her moved to another foster home with
false documentation. I was special. That’s what she said. I was special.
On many occasions, she promised to get me information about my real parents. That
was enough to keep me scamming the investigators.
A week before my eighteenth birthday, she came to me as I separated the pretty curls
she rolled into my hair.
“Come see me in my office when you’re done,” she instructed.
I skipped to her office and tapped on the door before entering.
“Come in,” she said, clearing her throat. “Have a seat.”
I sat before her.
“I wanted to talk to you. You know you’re due for release when you turn eighteen.”
I nodded.
“What are your plans?”
“I’m not exactly sure.”
“How would you feel if I asked you to stick around and help me out?”
“Around the home?”

“Not exactly.” She stood up and walked over to the door that I forgot to close. She
pushed it and locked it. “I need a favor.”
“What kind of favor?”
“Now, I wouldn’t ask you to do this unless I really needed to, but I already said you’d
do it.”
“What is it?”
She moved to sit back down behind her desk. “I have a problem. I’ve had it for years
and this time, I may have gone a bit too far. I lost my house. I can get it back, but…”
“What does that have to do with me?” I asked, getting agitated with her long
explanation for this favor.
“My son bought the house at the auction and he’ll give it back to me if I can make
payments.”
“I don’t have any money Ms. WestonWhy won’t your son just give it back to you?
That’s your family.”
She sighed. “I bought this house after my husband died and it’s the only thing I ever
had for myself. Now it’s in my son’s name and as long as it’s in his name, he’ll want me to
follow his rules like I’m his child and not his mother. I refinanced it trying to save my car.
Everything is all messed up.” She looked down then back up at me with a broken look in her
eyes. “I told him you’d offer your services. Help out at his club to pay off the debt. I only
make enough to take care of this house and you girls.”
Did she say club? My eyes lit up at the naïve idea of maybe serving drinks or
collecting money at the door. I’d always wanted to be like the bartenders I saw on television,
tossing glasses around and shit.
“I’ll be happy to help, Ms. Weston.” She smiled and rushed around to hug me tight.
“When do I start?” I asked.
“On your birthday because you have to be eighteen.”
My birthday rolled around and Ms. Weston took extra special care of me. She got me
a hotel room and made several appointments for my hair, nails, feet, and body waxing. I
thought it was her way of saying thank you for doing this favor.
We pulled up to her son’s club that night and she smiled and looked over at me,
telling me to ask for Barry then speeding off when I stepped out. I yelled for her, but she kept
on going. I walked up to the front door and the bouncer smiled at me. “You must be the new
girl.”
“I guess so. Is Barry here?”
“Yeah, he’s sitting at the bar. You can’t miss him. He’s in all white.”
Barry sat at the bar, one foot propped up and the other pressed on the floor. I shook
my head. W
​ ho does he think he is, Diddy? I tapped him on the shoulder and he turned as if

he wanted to hit me, but quickly caught himself and blinked several times. “Damn. My mama
said you were beautiful.”
His compliment made me uncomfortable. It wasn’t until he complimented me that I
noticed the half-naked woman behind the bar and the single pole sticking up through the
small stage. It was only big enough to do a two-step on.
Barry looked just like his mother: same complexion, same wide nose and mouth, and
stress lines in his forehead. He was nothing special.
“Come on, let’s get you set up,” he said and gulped his drink until none was left.
I followed him to his office and he pulled out a bag and started digging through it.
“Since it’s your first night, I’ll provide your costumes. I’ll be taking fifty percent—”
“Wait, what do I need a costume for?”
He stopped and looked up. “To dance.”
“Dance? I thought I was going to be bartending or something.”
“In Kansas?” he laughed. “Gotta be twenty-one to do that sweetheart.”
“I didn’t come here to strip.”
He laughed again. “I guess my mama only gave you half the job description.”
“She didn’t give me any of it.” I snapped.
He shook his head. “Look, you’re throwing that attitude in the wrong direction. I
know your situation. You don’t have anywhere else to go. You got two minutes to decide if
you want to make some money or go find a comfortable spot on the sidewalk because I can
guarantee my mama won’t answer your calls. That’s how she works. Why do you think I’m
making her pay me? She uses everyone to her own benefit. My daddy never wanted her to
have that house. He knew she’d run it into the ground.”
Ms. Weston played me. I stood there in silence, uncomfortable, and with my back
against a wall. I didn’t have a penny to my name and no place to sleep. All the love I thought
I was receiving from Ms. Weston was just preparation for me to be pimped out at her benefit.
It made me happy that she thought she was dealing with a young dummy.
“Alright, I’ll dance, but I want to work a new deal.”
“I’m listening.”
“I’ll dance for free, but I want the deed to that house.”
Barry smiled a sinister smile. “Guess you aren’t as stupid as my mama thought you
were . Don’t feel bad though. She’s fucked over me more times than I can count. You have
yourself a deal.” He winked and tossed a costume at me. “You need a name.”
“For what?”
“All dancers have a stage name.” He looked me up and down. “I heard you read a
lot. Are you into Greek Mythology?”
“I’ve read some. I’m an avid reader.”

“When you get some time, look up what a Siren is. That’s what I think about when I
look at you. You are gorgeous, girl.”
“What do you know about it? You own a strip club.”
“Things aren’t always what they seem, darling. Stick around. You’ll learn a thing or
two. Now, go get dressed.”
Ms. Weston was in for a rude awakening if she thought she was going to use me and
toss me out when she was done. I danced until that deed was put in my hands. Only took me
eight months and by that time, I was addicted to the lifestyle.
Ms. Weston blew her lid when she realized I wasn’t a dummy. I didn’t even really
know what to do with the deed. I just knew it was a slip of paper that told you who the owner
was and now, the owner was me. I got that document in my hand and skipped town. I didn’t
care what happened to her after that.
Nobody told her to spend all her cash at Prairie Band Casino and Resort.
I didn’t have the time to wait for Karma to catch Ms. Weston. I needed it to happen
right then.
“Siren, Siren.”
“Huh?” I swung around in my chair.
“G wants you to work the floor.” Cherry said.
“Okay.” I said, setting my eyeliner down on the vanity. Now wasn’t the time to be
visiting the past. I had money to make.

S​even
I stood in line at the post office, waiting to turn in my paperwork for a P.O. Box and
mail off an updated letter to Corey. I’d been so busy sleeping and dancing that I let it slip my
mind. I felt bad for forgetting because he could be sitting around waiting with questions. I
wanted to keep every promise that I made to him.
A tall man, dressed in a business suit stared at me while he talked on his cell phone. I
wanted to ask what the hell he was looking at, but opted not to because the post office was no
place to cause a scene.
“Next in line, please.” An older woman, wearing her glasses at the tip of her nose,
said.
People who worked state jobs always looked angry. Even when you were friendly
with them, they wore the same expression. I tossed my paperwork on the counter giving her
the same expression she was giving me. ​Bitch, you chose this job. Don’t like it then find
another one. If I said half the things I was thinking, I’d be in jail or involved in a lot of
physical altercations.
“How long do you want to reserve it for?” She asked, keeping her eyes on the
paperwork.
“Three months.” I replied as the tall businessman walked up to the customer service
representative beside mine and didn’t attempt to hide that he was watching me. He looked
me up and down.
Old Grouchy excused herself without saying excuse me, returned with a key for me,
and told me to follow her. We tested the keys to the PO box then walked back to the desk so
that I could pay. I jotted down the P.O. Box address on the letter to Corey and tossed it to her
. I snatched my key from her hand without a thank you and headed out before dude could
stare a hole through me.
Not even a minute later, he ran out behind me. “Hey!”
“Can I help you, sir?”
“What’s your name?”
“Why?”
“You look real familiar, but I can pinpoint where I’ve seen you.”
“I can’t help you. I’m not even from here. You have a good day.”

Instead of frowning at my rudeness, he smiled and walked away. I rolled my eyes and
went about my day.
Seven days and I was already ten thousand dollars richer. Lucky for me, I started the
week that the Essence Festival was in town which meant men with money were all over the
city. They stepped into the club, bought the bar and dropped stacks on any bad bitch that
stepped on stage. No matter where I stood or danced in the club, Heaven had her eyes on me.
I would usually wear wigs when I performed, but knowing that I had Heaven’s eyes on me
all night, I wore my own hair and swung it around just because I could.
“Can I get a dance, pretty lady?” A deep voice asked from behind me as I leaned
against the bar. I pivoted to see the man who was damn near stalking me at the post office.
His dark chocolate skin beamed under the neon lights. He still wore his suit and stood with
one hand in his pocket and the other grasping the toothpick between his lips.
“Follow me.” I said and led him toward the private rooms.
No more words were exchanged as he followed me with a ​smoove walk—yes,
smoove.​ He took his seat against the wall and held twenty dollars in front of me. I pulled it
from his hands and tossed it to the floor then began giving him what he came for. I bent over
touching my toes and another big face slid into my thong. I pulled it out and tossed it in front
of me. ​Hello, Benjamin Franklin.​
“I knew you looked familiar.” He said.
“Been here before?” I asked, rolling my stomach.
“I’m here every day, but I always just catch glimpses of you. You’re new, right?”
“Yep.”
“Where are you from?”
“My mama’s womb.”
He laughed. “Cute. What’s your name?”
“Siren.”
“Your real name.”
“You pay for the fantasy, baby, not my reality.”
“That’s fair. Well, Siren, I’d really like to take you out sometime, outside of this
place.” He tossed another Ben.
“You don’t consider this a date?” I said, straddling him.
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because you won’t tell me anything about yourself here. I’d like to know your
reality.”
“Pass.” I said, easing from his lap.
“How old are you?” he asked, not giving up.

“Ten, eleven.” I finally decided to give him a bit of truth. I continued to dance, not
caring to keep up the conversation.
“Don’t you want to know anything about me?”
“You’re old, you clearly have money, and you stalk women at post offices. I know
enough.”
He laughed. “I’ll wear you down eventually.” He tossed more bills.
“You know where to find me.”
After a few more tricks, I gathered Ben and his identical twin brothers that totaled out
to five-hundred and twenty dollars. I sashayed my ass out of that room, stuffing them into my
money bag. Heaven was on her way to the back with a customer and bumped my shoulder as
she pulled his hand. I was sick of that bitch.
I marched straight to Gerald’s office, not bothering to knock before entering . “You
better get your girl.”
“Huh? Who?”
“Heaven. She has one more time to bump me or look at me stupid, and I’m going to
lay her out.”
“Sit down. Heaven is just a little intimidated by you. That’s all. Before you came
here, she had all the men here sweating her like she was the only chick in the city.”
“Including you?”
“Don’t overstep.” Gerald got defensive.
I wasn’t stupid. In one week, I’d caught them together multiple times. They’d argued
in the men’s bathroom, he’d slid her gifts and she’d sucked his dick when he thought nobody
was around. . To make shit worse, she didn’t even pay him a percentage of the tips she got. I
wondered how the other dancers would feel about that.
“I’m not overstepping shit.”
“Yeah, you are.” He licked his lips. “My mind not even on Heaven. I got my sites set
elsewhere.” He bit his bottom lip.
“I hope you aren’t referring to me.”
“And if I am?”
“Then you need to press reset.” I said and stood to leave.
“I could make you a real star!” He yelled to my back as I headed to the dressing room.
I shook my head and went to change.
I walked over to my locker and the lock had been broken. Heat rose through my body
instantly, and I swung it open to see my bag missing. Not thinking, I turned to face the other
girls. They all looked like Tanisha to me and would be getting a matching ass whipping if my
shit didn’t turn up.

“Where’s my bag?!” I asked angrily and they all laughed. “This isn’t a fucking joke.
Who broke my lock and took my bag?”
Nobody said anything but Heaven’s two goons, Cocoa and Trixie, were laughing
enough to let me know who the culprit was. I slammed the door to the locker and stomped to
the private room where Heaven was entertaining her customer. I grabbed her shoulder,
turning her around and began decking her in the face. The client stood to stop the fight before
it could progress. Trixie and Cocoa had to have gotten Gerald because within seconds he
was on the scene.
“What the fuck is going on in here? I’m running a business!”
“Your bitch took my bag!”
“I didn’t do shit! And this bitch punched me in the face!”
“Lying bitch!” I tried to swing again, but the customer pushed me back.
“Give her the bag, Heaven. Or, pack your shit and leave.”
Heaven’s top lip twitched as she gave Gerald a look that could’ve killed him. “I don’t
have the bag.”
“Siren, come with me.” He said, pulling my arm back to where the lockers were. He
grabbed the lock cutter and cut the lock to everybody’s locker and, just as I suspected, my
bag was pushed inside Heaven’s locker. I wanted to punch her again. Instead, I took the rest
of the night off to calm my nerves. I knew the bullshit had only just begun. Gerald was not
going to fire one of his top money-makers.
“Leaving already?” The Post Office Stalker asked as I walked through the club.
“I need to get out of here.”
“I know a great place to hide.”
“I’m not going home with you.”
“I didn’t ask you to.”
“Will you just leave me alone?”
“Your bad mood doesn’t turn me off.”
I stopped in my tracks. “What do you want, guy?”
“Just a date.”
“Tomorrow, seven o’clock. I’ll meet you on the corner of Canal and Magazine.”
“I’ll be there.” He smiled.

E​ight
“ You better tell me your name before I get into this car with you.”
“It’s Vincent Ruston, but call me Vince.”
I stepped into the expensive, all-white Mercedes Benz. “Where are we going?”
“I had a taste for red fish, so we’re going to Houston’s. You like fish?”
“Not really, but if that’s all they have, I’ll eat it. I’m not picky.”
“They serve a variety of things. You can order whatever you want.”
It didn’t take us long to get to Houston’s. It didn’t look fancy on the outside, but
inside the atmosphere was calming and upscale. There was a stage for live music, a beautiful
fountain, and large booths under dim lighting.
Our waitress was friendly and quick on her feet as she walked from table to table.
After looking over the menu, I decided to give New Orleans cuisine a try. I ordered Oyster
St. Charles as an appetizer and jumbo lumped crab cakes as an entrée.
Vince ordered wine for us to have with our meal and we talked and stuffed our faces.
“Are you going to tell me where you’re from now?” He asked.
“No. Where are you from?”
“New Orleans, born and raised. I’ve lived a few other places, but there has been no
place like home.”
“What do you do for a living? You’re obviously rich.”
“Rich? No.” He laughed. “I’m comfortable and manage my money pretty well. I
could be rich, but I’ve created one too many bills for myself.”
“Okay, so, what do you do?”
“I’m a Transport Engineering manager.”
“And how old are you?”
“Forty-six.”
“You do realize you’re old enough to be my father?”
“You are as young as you feel.”
“You may feel young, but you seem like a dirty old man to me.”
“I like what I like. You don’t act like a child and you most certainly don’t look like
one. Has anyone ever told you how gorgeous you are?”

“All the time. It gets old.”
“If I were a woman and I looked like you, I’d take full advantage.”
“I guess.”
He smiled. “It’s so attractive that you aren’t aware of how beautiful you are.”
“How is that attractive?”
“Because it makes you humble and not stuck up like most beautiful women.”
I was tired of talking about my looks. “So, Mr. Vince, why hasn’t some young girl
married you since you’re so rich and well-mannered?”
“I’ve been married four times already. I don’t think I can stand another. Those were
the bills I was telling you about. I’ll be free soon, though. I have a few more alimony
payments.”
I laughed and shook my head. “Nobody falls in love ​that​ many times.”
“I do. There is no limit on how many people you can love or be in love with. You just
have to grant yourself the proper amount of healing time when it all ends. Once you feel free,
you can open yourself repeatedly.
“Wise too, huh?”
“I’ve picked up a few things here and there.” He laughed. “Now will you please tell
me something about yourself?”
“All right. Since we’re talking about love and stuff, I’ve never been in a relationship.”
“Really? Never?” He raised a brow.
“Nope.”
“Why not? If I may ask.”
“I’ve been focused on other things.”
“It’s shocking that some young man has never tried to make you his girlfriend.”
“I never said people haven’t tried.”
“Basically, you specialize in rejecting men.”
“If that’s the way you want to look at it.”
“My daughter is the same age as you and she has more male friends than I care to
mention.”
“Oh, you have a daughter?”
“Yes.”
“Does she know you like women her age?”
“She knows.” He laughed. “Doesn’t like it, but what can she do? I have to have a life
too. I’m still a man. I was that before I was a daddy.”
“True.” I said.

The server cleared our table and we lingered a little longer just talking. I still didn’t
tell him much about me outside of basics, like my shoe size: seven-and-a-half and my
favorite soda: Coke.
He dropped me off at the corner where he scooped me up and teased me for not
telling him where I was staying. I wasn’t ashamed of living out of hotels, but I felt it was on
a need-to-know basis and he didn’t need to know. I said my goodbyes, gave him my cell
phone number, and headed up to my room to get ready to dance at the club.
I wasn’t in the mood for Heaven or her bullshit.
Gerald grabbed me as soon as I walked into the club and escorted me to his office. He
pushed me down into a chair. “Don’t ever let what happened last night, happen again in my
club. If you and Heaven have beef, squash that shit away from here. Do you understand?”
“Yeah, I got you.” I said unmoved by his wrath.
“Good, you can leave.”
I huffed and exited. I walked back out to the bar and took a seat.
“What’s up, Siren?” Ferrin the bartender asked.
“Same bullshit, different night.”
She shook her head. “I heard about what happened last night. Heaven does the most.”
“Yeah, she does, but she’s messing with the right one.”
“You know why she fucks with you, right?” She poured me a shot of Patron.
“Clearly, she’s jealous.”
“Hell, wouldn’t you be jealous if your man was checking out the new girl.”
“Gerald? I don’t want his dusty ass.” I tossed my shot back and slid my glass for
another one.
“That doesn’t matter. You know some women are blinded by the dick.”
“Glad I’ve never been that bitch and never will be.” I rolled my eyes.
“I heard her telling Cocoa that she overheard Gerald telling you he wanted you or
some shit.”
“She’s a damn lie. He came at me last night and she was in a private room. One of her
pets must have heard and told her. Had they stayed for the whole conversation, they would
have heard him get rejected.”
Ferrin shook her head. “You better watch yourself around here. Nothing but snakes.”
“I knew that the second I walked in.”
I tossed back my other shot then headed to get dressed. Like usual, when I stepped
into the room, everything fell silent. I still hadn’t spotted Heaven, but I knew she’d show her
face soon. She was always in my grill. Her shadows, Cocoa and Trixie, were nowhere to be
found either. Those bitches were up to no good.

I realized that I’d spoken too soon as Cocoa walked into the dressing room and rolled
her eyes at me. I smiled at her and flexed my middle finger. She called me a bitch under her
breath, and I let it slide since she wasn’t woman enough to say it louder or to my face.
I finished up my makeup and changed clothes so I could work the pole and make my
money for the night. Cocoa took Heaven’s place watching me as I danced around the club all
night. Trixie eventually joined her and every now and then, they whispered. Ferrin kept the
shots coming and told me that Trixie and Cocoa were scoping me because I’d given Heaven
a black eye. I was happy to know I got a good lick in. I bet she won’t touch my shit again.
I packed up and headed out of the club around three in the morning. Cocoa sat at the
bar. I blew her a kiss as I passed her since she was admiring me. I saw her get up, but I kept
on walking.
I needed to stop at Walgreens and grab a few things before I headed to my room, so I
took a back street to the Walgreens on Chartes. The street was empty and the only light was
provided by parking garages.
I felt a blow to the back of my head. I fell to my knees and got hit again. Kicks and
punches came from every direction and even though I attempted to fight back, I couldn’t
block enough hits.
“You blacked my eye, bitch! I’ll fucking kill you!” I heard Heaven scream.
“Bitch ain’t so bad now.” Cocoa chimed in as they punched and kicked me
repeatedly.
“Hold that bitch down,” Heaven instructed; letting me know Trixie was there too. I
could feel the blood leaking from my lip.
Heaven snatched my hair.
Snip, Snip, Snip
She tossed the hair she cut from my head on top of me. “You’re in New Orleans now,
bitch. You need to go back to where you came from!” She spat then kicked me one last time
and left me on the ground.
I rolled over on my side and groaned from the pain. She wasn’t even woman enough
to fight me one-on-one. A tear fell from my eyes as I looked at my hair now on the concrete.
“Oh my God!” I heard a car door slam and a woman rushed over to help me from the
ground. She walked me to her car and rushed me to the hospital.
The doctors ran tests and x-rays and discovered that I had two fractured ribs, a busted
nose and lip, cuts on my arms and neck, a black eye, and a large, purple-ish contusion on the
side of my face—possibly from a shoe, according to the doctor.
The beef was far from over.

N​ine
My cell phone rang off the hook and I ignored every call. Gerald left several
messages because he heard what happened, but Heaven and her flunkies still had jobs. He
wanted us to have a sit down and smooth everything over. There was nothing to be
discussed. He should have known that when I chose not to file a police report. I’d handle it
on my own.
My room phone rang as I flipped through channels.
“Hello?”
“You are one difficult woman to get in touch with.”
“Who is this?”
“Vincent.”
“You really are a stalker. How did you get this number?”
“Common sense and luck. There aren’t any apartments in close enough range from
where I dropped you and you’re new in town. I figured you’d be in a hotel somewhere.”
“And you just so happened to call the Sheraton.”
“It’s the closest hotel to your job. I had a list. I just called that one first and what do
you know, they had a Siren listed.”
“Well, you found me. What do you want?”
“To check on you. I haven’t seen you at the club this week and I’ve heard some nasty
things.”
“Like?”
“They said you got attacked.”
“Did they say by who?”
“No, I didn’t get that much information. So, how are you?”
“Healing. I have fractured ribs, so I can’t dance.”
“You should let me take care of you while you’re not working.”
Usually, I would decline his offer, but I did need a change of scenery. It was driving
me crazy being so close to the club and not being able to do what I wanted.
“How fast can you get here?”

“I’m already in the downtown area. I’ll be at our corner.”
“Cool, give me a minute to throw something on.”
I tightened the wrap around my torso and got dressed. I grabbed a fitted cap and
tossed it over my hair. I couldn’t do anything with it after that bad haircut Heaven had gave
me. My shit would never grow properly unless I shaved it all off. Even then, it would take
years for it to grow back to the same length .
I grabbed my room key and headed down to meet with Vince.
“Bruised and still beautiful,” he said and I took a seat.
I pulled my cap down closer to my eyes and reclined my seat to take some of the
pressure off of my ribs.
“So, who did this to you?” He asked and pulled from the curb.
“Three of the girls at the club.”
“They must really be jealous of you. I hope you filed a report.”
“No need.”
“Why not? They need to be locked up.”
“Nah, I don’t want them in jail.”
“You have a better heart than I do.”
If only he knew, this had nothing to do with having a heart.
I was going to get vengeance.
We drove for what felt like forever or maybe it seemed that way because I had no idea
where I was. We crossed over a bridge and then another long bridge after driving up a street
named General DeGaulle.
“Where are we?” I asked, marveling at the big beautiful houses surrounding me.
“English Turn.”
“I’m trying to get on this level.”
“You’ll get here one day. Maybe sooner than you think .” He was throwing hints that
I didn’t care to catch.
His cell phone rang as we pulled into his driveway. He answered, saying a few
frustrated ​okays​ only to hang up cussing .
“I have a bunch of worthless idiots working with me. I’m going to have to bail on
you. Would you mind staying at my home for a few hours while I go handle something at the
plant?”
“I’m already here so I’ll find something to get into.”
“Help yourself to anything you want. I’ll be back as quickly as I can.” He said,
pulling his house key from his key ring. He was too trusting. “Think you can take care of
yourself while I’m gone?”
“I’ll manage.” I said and hopped out of the car and headed inside his house.

It was obvious that women frequented his place often. There wasn’t a heterosexual
man on earth that would pick pale lavenders and pinks to paint the wall. I hoped he had a
room in that house that was just for him.
Everything in his home looked expensive; from the area rugs and the hardwood and
marble floors to the obviously custom-made furniture. His initials were carved into the back
of the wooden chairs in his dining room. “Put a C in the middle and it’ll say VCR.” I said
aloud to myself and laughed. ​I’m so childish and lame.​
“Who are you?” A woman’s voice scared me and I turned around.
“Siren.”
“Siren from where?”
“I know Vince.”
The woman rolled her eyes. “Great, another one.”
“Another what?”
“Let me guess, you’re between twenty and twenty-five, right?
“Twenty-one.”
She shook her head, “Well, at least you’re pretty and you’re black.”
“I think you have the wrong idea.”
“You’re dating my dad, right?”
“He’s dating me, but I’m definitely not dating him. So, you’re his daughter?” I said
looking her up and down.
“The one and only. Is he here?”
“You’re dad? Oh, no, he had to go back to the plant or something.”
“Figures. He’s either working or at that damn strip club. Now, what did you mean
about you not dating him? Are you using my dad?”
“Not at all. I’m just not interested in him the way he thinks I am. I’m not into older
men. I’m not into anything.”
She laughed. “I think I like you. I’m Payton.” She extended her hand.
Payton, like her dad, was tall. She had beautiful chocolate skin with perfect white
teeth. He clearly only went for attractive women because she was beautiful and didn’t have a
single one of his features. Her nose was slender and her mouth pouty like a Victoria’s Secret
model.
“What happened to your face?” She asked. She was clearly a straightforward person.
“Long story.” I looked down at the floor, insecure about my face now.
“It doesn’t take away from your beauty.” She smiled, noticing my discomfort. “Come
upstairs, I’ll show you around the house since my dad is such a terrible host.”
I laughed and followed her.

Vince had everything he needed in his house; everything except a strip club. He had a
game room with pool tables, a movie theater, a workout room—everything.
“So, how’d you meet my dad?”
“I work at that strip club he’s always at. Well, I used to work there. I’m not going
back.”
“Oh, you strip?”
“Yeah, is that a problem?”
“Not at all. I love strippers. It’s just weird to know my dad does too. Is Siren your
stage name?”
“Yeah.”
“What’s your real name?”
“I don’t tell anyone that.”
“Fair enough. I won’t push.” She opened the last door in the house. “This is my room.
Come in.”
I followed her and walked over to her bed, not bothering to ask if I could lay on it.
She laughed. “Well, make yourself at home.”
“Sorry, I just really needed to lie down.”
“Something hurting you?”
“Yeah, fractured ribs.”
“Ouch. I’m guessing that black eye was a lot worse than it is now.”
“I was jumped.”
“Oh, hell no.” Payton swung around, showing a hint off hood. “I hope you kicked
their asses.”
“They got something coming.”
Payton joined me on the bed. “I think I like you. Wait, I said that already, didn’t I?”
She giggled. “Anyways, since you don’t like my father, you and I should be friends. I’d love
company for the summer.”
“You don’t live here?”
“Oh, no, just in the summer and on holidays. I live in Atlanta. I go to Spelman.”
“Oh, a good girl.”
“Good? No. Smart? Yes.” She laughed.
“I might have to take you up on your offer. It’s not like I have shit to do. It could take
anywhere from three to six months for my ribs to heal and I have to do all this stupid shit like
practice breathing just to help the process.
“ You need some aspirin or something?”
“If you have any.”
“I’ll grab you some.”

Vince didn’t return until that night and I found myself talking to Payton mostly by
force since I couldn’t leave. I didn’t even really know where the hell I was. Payton sort of
had the same aura as Kitty and, for that reason alone, I didn’t mind her talking my ear off. I
could possibly have a new friend. Time would tell.

T​en
My ribs were still healing but the scars and scratches had faded. I only had one thing
on my mind. I’d have to go against the doctor’s orders to minimize my activities because
summer was almost over and Payton would be leaving for school. For two-and-a-half
months, night after night, Payton and I watched Cocoa, Trixie, and Heaven leave the club to
go home after their shifts. Payton wasn’t the snobbish, rich girl people pegged her to be. She
was wild, crazy, and down for just about anything. She stood off to the side as I cornered
both Trixie and Cocoa on separate nights and beat the snot out of them. I wore a black mask
since she decided to record it and put it on YouTube. We named it ‘Stripper Gone Wild’.
Tonight was Heaven’s night. I had a special ass whipping on my heart for her.
“There she goes,” Payton said as she slowed the car down and watched Heaven leave
the club. Ever since I beat the crap out of her fan club, a bouncer escorted her to her car.
“What do you want to do?” Payton asked.
“Follow that bitch home.”
Payton smiled and waited for Heaven to pull off. I watched every turn she made with
my jaws clenched and my fists balled. Even with all the pain in my sides, all I could think
about was that bitch cutting my hair. I wore large sweat pants and a black t-shirt. Tonight I
wouldn’t wear a mask. I stuffed the three things that I carried for the occasion into my
pockets.
Heaven pulled into her apartment complex and parked a few cars down. I hurried and
hopped out, ducking behind cars and moving towards Heaven, so she couldn’t get too far.
She was still in her car when I duck-walked behind it like they trained Marines to do. I pulled
the little bottle of pepper spray from my pocket and positioned it to spray. I was ready.
“Heaven,” I called out to her. She stood up and as soon as she did, I sprayed her
directly in her eyes. “Thought this shit was over, bitch! Shoulda brought the guard home with
you!” I yelled and she slumped against her car screaming as her eyes burned. “Unlike you,
I’m not going to beat you while your blind.”
I walked over to her and grabbed her hair, snatching her head back. I pulled the bottle
of milk from my pocket and opened it with my teeth as Payton laughed while standing guard
.
“Move your hands!” I screamed. She didn’t comply so I slammed her head on the
roof of her car. Her hands moved and I drowned her eyes with the milk then backed up.

“Fight me like a woman.” I said and she dried her eyes with her shirt.
I held my fist up in front of my face, waiting. She charged at me like a raging bull.
She swung and missed and I caught her face with my left hand. She stumbled. I gave her a
minute to shake it off then I tagged her ass again. It was no wonder she had to jump me. The
bitch couldn’t fight to save her life. I didn’t feel an inch of guilt for the ass whipping I was
laying on her. She ran at me—chin up—and my fist crashed into her nose, making her fall
back on the ground. Game over. I sat on top of her, pinning her shoulders down with my
knees and pulled out the wireless clippers I had in my pocket. She tried to fight me off, but
was too weak. I shaved her head military style. I cut through the tracks, needle, and thread,
punched her one more time, and left her right on the ground the same way she left me.
Payton and I ran to the car to get the hell out of sight.
We fell on the bed laughing in Payton’s room.
“You messed that girl up.”
“She had it coming. If you know you can’t fight, you shouldn’t create problems.”
“Remind me to stay on your good side because I can’t fight to save my life.”
“After what you did for me, you’ll never have to learn. I’ll beat up anybody you
want me to.” My ribs were aching , but beating Heaven until she was blue made it well worth
it. I hissed and sat up.
“You okay?”
“Just hurting a little. I think that bitch caught me in the side.”
“I’ll get some ice.”
Payton quickly returned with ice wrapped in a hand rag. She sat down next to me.
“Lift your shirt.”
The bedroom door swung open and Vince stepped in. “How come I bring you here
and you spend more time with my daughter than with me?”
“Dad, don’t be jealous. You should be happy I’m getting along with someone you
brought home.”
“I’m ecstatic, gives me hope. I just figured after all this time she’d be tired of you and
want to be around me again.” He winked at me and I cringed on the inside. He was still
trying mercilessly to make something happen with us. “I’ll see y’all later. I’m about to leave
for D.C.”
“You’re driving seventeen hours?” Payton asked.
“Yeah, I haven’t taken a drive in awhile. I’ll see you two when I get back. Try not to
get into trouble.”
“We’re adults. Bye, Dad.” Payton rolled her eyes.
“Bye, Vince.” I chimed.

He gave us a nod then closed the door as he left.
“I hate when he talks to me like a child.” She said and pressed the iced against my
ribs.”
“You’ll always be a child in his eyes. You should consider yourself lucky. I never had
parents.”
Payton looked into my eyes. “That’s the first time you’ve told me anything about your
life.”
“Yeah, well, there’s not much in my life to talk about and be proud of.”
“Tell me something else.”
“I don’t know what to say.” I looked away.
“Okay, I’ll tell you something about myself.”
“I know everything about you. You never shut up.” I teased.
“Forget you. I bet you don’t know I like girls.”
“What? You’re not gay.”
“Yes I am.”
“What about all the boyfriends your dad told me about?”
“All gay men.”
“Get the fuck out of here.”
“Swear.”
“Why won’t you just tell him?”
“That man would do everything but kill me. I don’t want to see him disappointed.”
“So you’re going to lie forever?”
“Probably. Can I confess something?” She asked with shy eyes.
“Go ahead.”
“I thought you were gay when I first saw you.”
“What? Why?”
“Girl, you have stud written all over you. I don’t care how tight your jeans are or what
poles you’ve slid down, you have a boyish swag.”
“You are not allowed to say swag.”
“Leave me alone. But seriously, you do. You would be a sexy ass stud. Don’t get me
wrong, you rock the hell out of the femme look, but I can just see you in some boxers and a
sports bra, sagging jeans, a cute haircut. You’d soak some panties.
I didn’t know whether to blush or feel uncomfortable. “I bet the men who have had
you got big egos.”She said.
“I have a confession now.”
“What?” She asked anxiously.
“I’ve never had sex.”

Payton snatched the ice pack from my side and stood up. “What!”
“Calm down, girl. It’s not that big of a deal.”
“Bullshit it’s not. Its 2010, virgins don’t exist anymore. Hell, I’m not even a virgin,”
she said, sitting back down on the bed. “We have to get you some sex.”
“I’ve managed this long without it.”
“You don’t know what you’re missing.”
“Sweating and pumping doesn’t sound that enticing.”
“Then try women.”
“And what the hell would I do?”
Payton tossed the towel on the floor like it didn’t have ice it. She pulled her legs into
the bed and positioned herself between my legs.
“What are you doing?” My heart began beating quickly.
“Shut up and trust me. Have I not proved myself worthy?” She asked as she tugged at
my sweat pants.
“Payton,” I protested. “Tell me what you’re doing.”
“I’m going to give you the sensation of sex. You don’t have to be penetrated to get
the feelings.”
“Are you—”
“Do I ever beat around the bush with you, Siren? I’m about to eat your pussy. Unless
you have reservations, I suggest you relax.” She tossed my pants to the floor. “Damn, it’s all
pretty and perfect.” She ran her fingers across my pussy and I jumped. “No one has even
touched you down here?”
I couldn’t find my words, so I shook my head.
“Moan as loud as you want to. I hate quiet studs.”
“I’m not a stu—” My words were cut off by the swipe of her tongue.
Payton licked slowly and I could feel every tongue stroke. She placed my hand on her
head but I moved them. I had no idea what I should be doing with them . I pulled her sheet
from the bed and my toes curled as her head moved up and down. I pictured her tongue
moving inside my pussy : up and down, side to side, ​shit​… circles.
What the fuck is she doing to me? She leaned up to take a breath. “Fuck my mouth.”
She said as she pushed my thighs up and down against her face until I did it on my own.
Ooh’s and Aah’s ​escaped my lips along with some ​mmm’s a​ nd cuss words.
“S-t-t-t-oooo-p!” I moaned as my legs tensed from the tingling that rose up from my
toes. I couldn’t take what was happening. It was too intense. I tried pushing her head away,
but she had a death grip on my thighs. There was literally an explosion between my legs as
my clit pulsated. I laid breathlessly with my hands over my eyes. “What was that?”
“You just experienced your first orgasm.”

I could hear her smiling as she spoke , but I refused to face her.

E​leven
Siren,
I stared at your letter for weeks. I’m sorry that it took me so long to respond, but I had to
find my words. I am a broken man right now and I feel like I don’t have another reason to
live in this world. The only peace that I’ve found in this situation, in all this time, is that
someone might have loved her the way that I did. She told me about you in a letter when she
first met you. She said a few other things about you, but I’m not sure I can disclose her
secrets. That’s how we were, ya know. I kept her secrets and she kept mine, even the ones we
were ashamed of. Now I don’t have anyone to talk to. And please forgive me if you feel that
I’ve been a bit rude for not saying thank you for what you are doing for me. I’m not your
responsibility and yet you chose to help me without being asked. Thank you, Siren. Thank
you. I’ll keep this short and sweet, but know that you are truly appreciated.
Corey
I found myself sitting at dinner tables with Vince while I thought about Payton. I had
no idea what she had done to me, but whatever it was she made me feel, I was addicted to it.
I pretended to be interested in Vince just to continue to be trusted in his home. He tried to
get me to have sex with him a few times but, my body rejected him before my mouth did.
Every time he took a flight out, Payton’s face was between my legs. The more we
sexed, the more I needed; laying on my back for her just wasn’t cutting it anymore.
“Tell Payton I’ll call her in the morning.” Vince said as he dropped me off in front of
his house and pulled off for another trip.
I let myself inside the house and saw Payton standing in their large, stainless steel
kitchen. She hovered over the clearest glass of water I’ve ever seen in my life.
“Deep in thought?”
She jumped. “I didn’t hear you come in. I was in another world. Deep in thought as
you said.”
“About what?”
“Tonight’s my last night here. Then, it’s back to Georgia for me.”

“I’ll miss you.” I said leaning on the island in the center of the kitchen. Her backside
faced me.
I stared at her slender frame as she bent over. Something in me changed as I realized
how sexy her body was. I’d been around plenty of naked women, but there I was, feeling an
attraction I’d never felt before. I wanted to touch her and not in a friendly way. I decided to
let go and let my body do what felt natural. My feet moved toward her and before she could
swing around, my pelvis was pressed against her backside.
“Mmm, ​what’s this?”
I gripped her waist gently. “I’m not sure, but go with it,” I answered and ran my
hands up her sides, pulling her upright. I planted a kiss on the back of her neck. “Let’s go to
your room.” I whispered.
“Finally acting like the stud I see in you, huh?”
“I don’t know what I’m doing. I just want to touch you.”
“Touch away,” she said seductively and eased herself infront of me me.
I followed her, flipping off the light in the kitchen.
In the bedroom, we stood face to face in darkness.
“Kiss me,” she requested. “We never kiss.”
“I’ve never kissed anyone before.”
“You truly are a virgin, well, slightly.” She giggled. “Let’s try it .” She placed her
hand on my face and pulled me toward her, pushing my lips apart with her tongue the same
way she had done to my pussy.
Her tongue felt warm as it slid against mine and her head moved from side to side
every now and then. She pulled back. “What do you want to do to me?”
“Whatever will please you. Teach me.” I said then reached to pull my shirt from my
body.
Payton taught me what she liked done to her body, showing me her most sensitive
places. I only had to be told once. After that, it was a wrap. I started at her neck, running my
tongue along the veins, then tracing her collarbone. The way her body reacted turned me on.
Her chest rose and soft breaths released from her lips as though I had the softest touch on
Earth. Her eyes closed and her head turned slowly, opening a new place on her neck for me
to sensationalize.
“Take off my clothes,” she whispered and I did as she wanted, taking the rest of mine
off, too.
I climbed back on top of her after I undressed and pulled one of her aroused nipples
into my mouth. Eyes closed, she grabbed the back of my head, and her chest heaved upwards
once more. I squeezed the flesh of her breasts between my fingers, not knowing I could love
a person’s body so much. I was going all the way tonight.

“That feels so good,” she moaned.
I pulled my lips away and licked my way to her panty line. For the first time, I was
face to face with a pussy. Like me, she was shaved and the skin was smooth. I caressed it,
admiring it.
“It’s now or never, Siren,” she said.
It was now, right now. I licked it once to see what it tasted like and instantly I was
hooked. ​Just do what she did to you. I dove in, wrapped my mouth around her lady and went
to work, swiveling my tongue in every direction. ​Damn, she tastes good. This is what I’ve
been missing. I wonder if she’s really moaning from what I’m doing or if she just trying to
make me feel better .
“Siren,” she said breathlessly. “You lied to me. You’ve done this before.”
She’s not faking it.​ I pulled her clit into my mouth, sucking it gently.
“I want you inside of me,” she demanded, pulling my face from her pink passage.
I moved up to meet her puckered lips and slipped a finger into her like I’d been doing
it all my life. I moaned as I entered her wet and warm cave.
“More,” she whispered as I finger-stroked her and fell in love with the flesh inside of
her.
I eased in another finger and the moan she released vibrated through my entire body.
Pleasuring her was pleasing me. Her reactions boosted my ego and my hand moved faster
inside of her. Her wailing was a cry for more of me and I gave her what she wanted, what she
needed. Her body began trembling and her walls squeezed around my fingers.
“I’m… I’m cumming.” She was struggling; biting down on her bottom lip to hold
back what I knew was coursing through her body. She shook and shivered while I kissed all
over her face.
“How did I do?” I asked once she released and relaxed.
“Girl…”
“What?”
“You were born to do this,” she teased and turned over to wrap her arms around me. I
looked down at her arm, tensing up a little bit.
“Cuddle with me. Talk to me.”
I didn’t want to do it. After it was all over, I didn’t want to touch her anymore, but I
didn’t want to make her unhappy or upset so I did what she asked.
“That felt so good,” she whispered and kissed my chin. “What are you thinking
about?”
“I can’t believe I had sex with a girl.”
“You never get used to it either. I still find myself thinking about the fact that I’m
really gay. I’d marry a girl.”

I laughed. “I don’t know about all that. I’ve never thought about marriage.”
“Maybe I’ll be able to change your mind.” She snuggled closer and dozed off.
I lay with my eyes wide open, thinking about how Kitty would be teasing me right
now. I ragged on her so badly about being crazy about women and here I was; ready and
wanting to jump back into the warm box.

T​welve
A cool chill ran over my body as the covers were snatched off. “What the fuck is
going on in here?!” Vince yelled.
“Shit!” I jumped up from the bed and Payton hit the floor. We both scrambled for our
clothes. Vince ran for me first and grabbed my throat.
“Whore!” he screamed in my face. “That’s my fucking daughter!”
“Daddy!” Payton screamed and ran to try and pry his fingers off me. He knocked her
to the floor.
“I wine and fucking dine you and you’re fucking my daughter!”
“Daddy!” Payton cried. “Don’t hurt her, please! It was me… it was all me. I came on
to her. I’m gay!” She screamed.
Vince slammed me to the floor and turned to face Payton. “You’re what?!”
She held her hands up to block him in case he decided to hit her. “I’m gay.” She
whined.
“Get the fuck out of my house! Both of you!” He screamed and stomped out of the
room. Vince was no longer Mr. Nice Guy in a suit.
Payton crawled over to me and I sat up holding my side.
“I have to stop getting into fights or my ribs will never heal.” I joked to ease the mood
and stop the tears that started falling from Payton’s face. She stood and helped me from the
floor.
“Get dressed. We’re going to your room until he calms down. I don’t want to go back
to Georgia with him angry.”
She was quiet. We didn’t say anything else. We left Vince’s house and went to my
hotel room. I stared out of the window the entire ride ​across the river.​ It was time for me to
make a move. I’d been in New Orleans too long and I was involved in too much bullshit.
“Are you angry with me?” Payton asked.
“I’m good.”
“You haven’t said a word to me since we left.”
“What am I supposed to say?”
“Something. Anything.”

“I said it’s cool. I knew you had to go back to your life eventually.”
She sighed. “What if I asked you to come back with me? Would you consider it?”
My mood instantly changed . “Come with you? Are you serious?”
“Yeah, I think we’d have fun together. I don’t want us to end like this, so come with
me.”

Corey,
I was so happy to see that you’d written me back. I’d hoped that I didn’t make you
uncomfortable. I still miss Kitty every day and I think about her constantly. I think about both
of you. She always wanted you to be okay, so please don’t thank me. You are my brother
now, even if I am not your sister. Don’t think that you have no one to talk to now. I’m willing
to listen whenever you are ready to talk. As I stated before, I never stay in one place too
long. I’ve actually overstayed my welcome here in New Orleans and in the morning, I will be
on my way to Atlanta, Georgia. Shit has been crazy. I have all this beef with these strippers
that I used to work with. I got caught sleeping with the daughter of a man who was pursuing
me. I’m still shocked that I’m sleeping with anybody’s daughter. I’m sorry if I’ve said too
much or if I’ve shocked you in any way. I used to tell Kitty this stuff. I told her everything and
I’m still upset that she was taken away. Anyways, I’ll do just as I did here and set up a P.O.
Box and mail you the address when I get there. I don’t know what’s in store for me in
Atlanta, but I guess I’ll see.
Siren
“What are you doing?” Payton asked, walking out of the shower, her hair wet and a
towel was wrapped around her body.
“Writing a letter.”
“To who?”
I didn’t like her questioning me. “My brother.”
“I didn’t know you had a brother.”
I didn’t offer her a response.
“Where is he?”
“Could you stop with all the questions?” I said, licking the envelope and sealing it
shut.
“I’m sorry, ​yeesh.​ ” She rolled her eyes and plopped down on the bed. “You all packed
up?”

“Yeah, I don’t have much. I just need to stop at the post office before we go.”

T​hirteen
Atlanta, Georgia
“You’re a terrible traveling partner.”
“Huh?” I said, adjusting in my seat.
“You slept the whole seven hours. I thought I was talking to you and you were
knocked out.”
“Sorry,” I laughed. “I don’t know what it is about cars and planes. They just make me
sleepy.”
“I’m glad I decided to drive during the day because I’d be screwed depending on you
at night.”
“Get off my back. Are we stopping to eat soon?” I stretched out my arms.
“What do you have a taste for?”
I gave her a naughty grin.
“Besides that.”
“Something good. I don’t care.”
“Something good to me may not be good to you, so what do you want?”
“Chicken.”
“Oooh, you’ll love chicken and waffles.”
I turned up my nose. “That sounds disgusting. Waffles, syrup, and chicken? Pass.”
Payton laughed. “Don’t knock it until you try it.”
“What else you got?”
“Do you ​have​ to have chicken?”
“No, but something fast would be nice.”
“All right, I’ll take you to one of my favorite places to eat. Steak n’ Shake.”
“Mmm, a chocolate shake sounds damn good right about now.”
Georgia was starting out with five stars as I bit down into my Portobello Swiss
burger. My mouth watered with every bite. Payton watched me, laughing as I moaned like I
had never eaten a burger in my life. I wanted to kiss whoever discovered that combination of

things between bread, fresh bread at that. And don’t even get me started on that shake. I was
ready for another nap after that. I wiped my mouth with my napkin.
“Girl, you still eating? Dang, you eat slow.”
“First off, I like to savor my food and not devour it like some homeless man who
won’t get another meal for days. Hey, you brought me here. You knew these burgers were
good. You should have waited a few days to bring me here.”
“I’m just getting started.” She winked. “So, I was thinking. How would you feel about
going to a gay club with me tonight?”
“A gay club? They have those?”
“Honey, there is a club for everything.”
“I’ve never been to a club outside of stripping.”
“You really do only care about making money. I’m surprised you haven’t lost your
mind being out of work all this time.”
“ I’d much rather be looking for a club to dance in tonight than standing in one.”
“You’ll have time for that. You’re here with me and I got you. Don’t worry about
anything.”
“I don’t want you to have me. I can take care of myself.”
Payton shook her head. “Do you not know how to enjoy life? You do not turn down a
woman that just offered to cater to you.”
“That catering is going to be limited from the look your dad gave us when we pulled
off from his front door this morning.”
“He just needs time. He might not speak to me, but he’ll keep the cash rolling into my
account. He does not want to deal with my mother.”
“Does your mom know that you like girls?”
“Yeah, she’s known for years. She knew before I did.”
“How is that possible?”
“I guess she saw something that I didn’t.”
“Now that you and I have… you know… does that mean I’m gay, too?”
“I think you are, but that’s ultimately up to you to decide. Would you like to try
men?”
“Honestly, I’ve never had an attraction to men. I’ve always just wanted their money. I
could say a dude was cute, but I never thought about having sex with one or anyone for that
matter.”
“It still shocks me that you’re a virgin.”
“Hey, the way we do it works for me just fine. I love the feeling.”

Payton smiled. “Maybe I’ll teach you a bit more when you’re ready, but in the
meantime we need to get to a mall because you’re going to the club with me. I’m not taking
no for an answer. Oh, and I’m dressing you.”
“I can’t pick my own clothes either?”
Payton laughed and stuffed the last of her veggie wrap into her mouth.
Lenox Mall was next on the agenda.
While shopping, Payton had plenty to say about my style and the type of stud she saw
me as. I was clearly only in the mall to make sure whatever she picked up, fit. She made all
the selections and swiped her black card to pay.
I had to admit that I did feel good in the boy clothes. As soon as I put on the baggy
attire, my stance shifted; I felt relaxed and swag was added to my walk. Payton licked and bit
her lips as she looked at me. I looked good. I was a stud, almost.
‘Rude Boy’ by Rihanna was blaring when we entered the club. The DJ paused it only
to announce that if there was a fight, the club was getting shut down, and the ten dollars we
paid was non-refundable. The song picked up where it left off and Payton asked if I wanted a
drink. She then dragged me through the club toward the bar. Girls smiled and winked as I
passed them and I smiled back. One chick even grabbed my hand just to let me know she was
watching.
I tugged at the collar of my shirt and bobbed my head to the music. I stopped in front
of a mirror in the club and stared at myself. I had no idea I could look so good in men’s
clothing. Payton had been throwing the word ​stud around since I met her. I finally decided to
let her dress me like one since she swore up and down that was the way I acted. She put me
in a plaid, short sleeved, Polo shirt, Levi jeans, and red and white Polo shoes and of course,
she accessorized the whole fit with a red Atlanta hat. Hats had become my new best friend
since I still hadn’t figured out what to do with my hair after the bad haircut. I just moisturized
it daily and pulled it to a ponytail at the bottom of my neck. That was all it was long enough
to do.
Payton handed me the drink she got for me and pulled me close to the stage.
“Why are we standing over here?”
“So we can see the shows.”
“Shows?”
“You’ll see.” She said and sipped her drink.
I glued my eyes to the stage when they announced they were starting. Everyone
pushed against each other to watch. They shouted the first performers stage name and, when
a man dressed as a woman came out to the stage, my mouth dropped. He moved his lips
perfectly to Melanie Fiona’s ‘It Kills Me’ and his form fitting , navy blue, sequin dress

sparkled. Women and men held up dollars as he stood in one place singing dramatically. I
couldn’t take my eyes off him.
Payton nudged me and smiled. He was working for those dollars, hell he even made
me dig into my pockets. He got fifty dollars from me easily. Who knew lip-syncing could be
so powerful?
“Oooooooh, I gotta be out my mind, to think it’s gonna work this tiiiimeee. A part of me
wants to leave, but the other half still believeeeeesss…”
I wanted to apologize for whatever it was that I did and beg him to take me back. He
bent over and touched my face and I damn near passed out. I stood blushing and Payton was
eating it all up. She laughed herself to tears.
The song ended and they announced the next performer. The girls in the club went
crazy. ‘Neighbors Know My Name’ by Trey Songz started to play before anyone stepped
out. While everyone screamed and hollered, I was simply anxious. If the next performer was
anything like the last, all my cash would be on the stage floor.
The curtain finally swung back and a short stud stepped out, dancing seductively and
playing to the crowd, well the feminine women. I was in a daze as she moved, pulling her
clothes from her body, and rolling her stomach. She sat on the edge of the stage, pulling a
girl’s face to her lap to make it look as though she was sucking her off. She threw her head
back with her mouth opened for added effect then flipped back onto all fours, rolling on her
head. The money flew as she danced from one end to the other, mouthing the words here and
there. She spun around and paused and the lights and music dropped. They flipped back on
and Chris Brown’s ‘No Bullshit’ bellowed. Even I wanted to jump up and down a little bit.
That was my shit. I was in awe of the way she moved her body and not because I wanted to
get with her. I began daydreaming that it was me standing on that stage, enticing every
woman in the club while they threw money at me. It could be me.

F​ourteen
“Are you comfortable?” Payton asked, naked beneath the covers and with her chin
propped up on her hand.
“What are you asking me?”
“Are you comfortable being in my apartment? I’m not trying to pry or anything, but I
noticed that you never talk about a home, your parents… you were living in a hotel.”
“I’m comfortable.” People always said they weren’t trying to pry, but that’s exactly
what they did.
Payton changed the subject. “What got into you last night?”
“What?”
“Excuse my French, but you fucked the shit out of me. What was on your mind?”
I smiled. “I was just excited after seeing that girl on stage.”
Payton frowned. “What girl? There were plenty.”
“The one that danced to Trey Songz.”
“Oohhhh. Liked what you saw?” She smirked.
“Not like that… she made me miss dancing. I’ve never seen anything like that before.
Strip clubs were cool, but now that I know I can dance for women and make just as much… I
need to get into that.”
“You want to be a stud stripper?” She asked in a questioning tone.
“Hell, why not?”
“I didn’t mean to sound discouraging. I think you’d be good at it, although I’ve never
seen you dance.”
“Girl, I got moves.”
“Ass clapping isn’t exactly moves. Although, it could work in your favor.” She
giggled.
“Whatever.”
Payton tossed the covers back and hopped out, walking around the room naked. She
grabbed a laptop bag and ran back over to the bed.
“It’s freezing in here,” she said and sat the bag on her lap to set it up. “Let me show
you something.”

It only took a minute or two for her laptop to power on. I watched as she logged onto
the internet and typed YouTube into the URL.
“You really love that website, don’t you?”
“It’s entertaining.” She said and typed in ​stud strippers​.
“What are you doing?”
“If you’re thinking about doing this, you need to see who you would be competing
with. This is King Kellz, one of my favorites,” she said, biting her lip.
We sat watching her top four favorite stud strippers. Each of them had something
special about them; Juicebox was a master of stunts; Face commanded the room with her
looks alone, Pretty P had no limits, and King Kellz could really dance her ass off—her
choreography was professional . The motherfuckers had me wanting to toss dollars at their
asses. The glistening look in Payton’s eyes and the comments below the videos confirmed
that dancing in gay clubs was what I wanted to do. She closed her laptop and looked over at
me.
“You still sure you want to do this?”
“Positive.”
“Like ​sure, s​ ure?”
“What? You think I can’t do it?”
“I don’t know.”
“Put some music on.”
Payton reopened her laptop and picked a song at random. R. Kelly’s ‘Number One’
began to play and she sat the laptop to the side. I eased from my side of the bed and walked
over to herr. Grabbed her ankles, I slid her to the edge of the bed. She blushed and tried to
look away but I turned her face back towards me and lip-synced the song while looking into
her eyes and rolling my waist in front of her. I ran over to her dresser and grabbed the red,
Atlanta fitted cap she bought for me and pulled it down over my frizzy ponytail. I walked
back over to her, straddling her legs and rubbing my pussy against her thighs.
By the time the song was over, Payton and I were getting it in on the floor.
“I wasn’t expecting that.” Payton said, sipping orange juice. She sat a plate filled with
eggs and bacon in front of me.
“Told you I had skills. What now? How do I get into dancing for clubs?”
“Sign up to do a show. I can handle that part for you, but first we need to get your
look together. I really think you have the best of both worlds since you danced in
gentlemen’s clubs first. You can pull off a femme and a stud look.”
“I feel that.”
“Are you attached to your name?”
“Siren? Not really.”

“Good, because now that you’ll be dressing more like a stud. You need a name that
fits.” Payton looked up to the ceiling, thinking.
“Toxic,” she said aloud. “Nah, that still sounds too feminine. What about Notorious?”
“Like Biggie Smalls? Uh-uh, more original.”
Payton stood and walked over to the fridge. “I need more juice,” she said, opening the
door. She gasped. “I got it!” She pulled out a blue and white can. “Cream!”
“Cream?”
“Yeah and what’s the first thing you think of when you hear that word?”
“WuTang Clan.”
Payton laughed. “No, silly, but that’s still perfect for you. I’m talking about seduction,
making girls cream.” She smiled.
“I like it.” I smiled back while rapping CREAM in my head. ​Cash rules everything
around me, C.R.E.A.M get the money, dollar, dollar bills y’alllllll.
After I approved the new name, Payton went for her cell phone and started making
calls. I listened while she set up appointments for my hair, face, and body. It was like being
under the watchful eye of Ms. Weston all over again.
In a few hours, after driving all over the city of Atlanta from one shop to another,
Siren died and Cream had taken her place. They started with my hair first. Had my hair been
at its full length, I would have cried when the stylist turned on her clippers and shaved the
sides. She took scissors and cut off any of the permed hair that I had left, shaved the back and
edged me up. I bucked my eyes when I looked in the mirror. She gave me a smooth fade and
kept just enough of my hair on top to create a mini fro in the middle. I had always known I
was beautiful, but seeing that much of my face, made me lust after myself the way other
people did. I wished Kitty could see me.
Payton and I spent the rest of the day talking about the gay community. She told me
the good, the bad, and the ugly. We discussed labels and how gender roles were becoming a
big thing in the lesbian community. Studs were starting to be treated like men. She told me
I’d get criticized because I didn’t mind girl clothes and makeup; some people wouldn’t view
me as a “real stud”. Payton had it down to a science. By the time she was done explaining
every label, I was dizzy, but into it. I’d crossed over and there was no going back.

F​ifteen
​

It was do or die time. I had never been nervous and I had definitely second-guessed
myself. I never had the chance to think. Wait… I take that back because this lifestyle and
fucking Payton for the first time made me nervous. But usually, I dove into everything head
first and eyes closed, hoping whatever I got myself into worked in my favor. This, tonight, I
had to prepare for. Payton gave me pointers on how to play to the crowd. She let me know
that this was not a gentleman’s club where men came to toss money if they had it. These girls
would make me work. And my moves better be worth them passing on buying a drink. I
scanned the crowd from behind the curtain.
I looked down at the outfit that Payton picked out for me.It was both masculine and
feminine: a white midriff halter and baggy shorts. Payton really played into the androgynous
idea, coloring my eyelids with yellow and my lips with a soft pink. I was ready to perform.
My heart dropped when the song ended. I knew I was next. I listened for the
announcer.
“All right y’all, we have a special treat for you tonight! This is her first night
performing so show her some love. Coming to the stage… ​Cream!”​
“Break bank.” Payton said and I turned and smiled. She winked and left to join the
crowd.
I eased out onto the stage nervously. My heart pulsed loudly and drowned out the
screams of the anxious women. I wasn’t as confident as I was when I danced for men. For
me, men were easy; any little thing made their dick stand upright. Women were critics and
would stare at you if you were lame as hell.
The music kicked on and I jumped into character. I was Usher, performing ‘There
Goes my baby.’ The women around the club lifted their hands in the air and snapped to the
beat while grinding their hips.
Move your feet.
I walked to the side of the stage and sang to a girl sitting on the edge. She was the first
to hold up a dollar.
Touch her.
I kneeled down beside her and grabbed her chin and she blushed.
Quit being a pussy… perform.
I had to turn it up a notch. I had everybody’s eyes and I wanted to keep them. First
impressions were lasting impressions and I needed to leave a great one in order to get booked

again. I jumped down off the stage and walked through the crowd looking for a victim, and
then I spotted a pretty petite girl hiding behind her friends. Payton told me to go for the shy
ones. Ms. Pretty Petite covered her face as I reached for her and pulled her in close to me. I
tuned everybody else out as I made invisible love to her, kissing her neck and invisibly
stroking her in sex positions. When I was done, I was covered in money. I smirked and
danced my way back to the stage, collecting dollars and shedding the little bit of clothing that
I did have on. Studs started to tip too.
There was a miniature celebration inside of my body as I stepped off that stage and
ended my first performance. Payton collected my money from the floor while I gave myself
high fives. I was satisfied and couldn’t wait to feel that rush again. Girls still screamed even
after I was gone and that, to me, was confirmation of a job well done.
“Maaaan, shawty, that was off the chain.” A feminine voice said from behind me. I
swung around to see the stud from the week before.
“Thanks.”
“How long have you been dancing?” She asked.
“Like this? Tonight would be the first.”
“I don’t believe that. You killed it though. Maybe one day we can hook up and do a
show together.”
“Maybe.” I nodded and she held out her hand for a dap and left to prepare for her
performance.
I smiled and Payton rushed to the back and hugged my neck. “You did so good!”
“You think so?”
“Hell yes, those girls are still ​creaming as we speak,” she teased. “I think I’m a little
hot and bothered myself.”
“I just might have to handle that for you.”
“You sure will, but let’s count this money first. I have to get my fifteen percent.”
“Fifteen percent?”
“Yes, for booking the show and getting you ready. Consider me your manager.”
“Wait, hol’up. I never asked you to do any of that.”
“How else was it going to get done? Look, chill out, I’ll take my fifteen tonight and
you can handle yourself from now on, if that’s what you want.”
I sighed. “No, it’s cool. I’m just tripping. Thanks for everything.” I said and headed to
change into regular clothing. I had a flashback of Ms. Weston getting over on me. I had to
shake the bad taste she left in my mouth. I needed Payton until I could figure all this shit out
on my own.

Payton dropped her keys on the coffee table, rustling her fingers through her hair as
she headed for her bedroom. I went into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water.
“I got you something.” She said, walking into the kitchen with a black, plastic bag in
her hand.
“Why do you keep buying me stuff?”
“I just like to and I think this gift could be beneficial for both of us.”
“What is it?”
“Open it.” She said, a seductive look in her eyes.
I rummaged through the bag and pulled out its contents. “It’s a fake dick.”
“It’s called a strap and I want you to use it on me.”
“And how is this beneficial for me?” I grinned.
“Practice for your show. Might add to the fantasy if you wear it sometimes when you
perform.”
“Uh huh. And when did you want me to use this on you?”
“Now,” she said and pulled her shirt over her head, tossing it to the tiled floor. Next
went her bra and the shorts she wore to the club. “Put it on.”
“I don’t know how.”
Payton grabbed the strap from my hands. “Get undressed,” she demanded and I
followed. “You are so fuckin’ sexy,” she said, piecing the strap together and pulling up my
legs to secure it against my body. She hopped up on the counter and spread her legs. “Put it
in. Feel around if you have to.”
“I won’t have to feel around,” I said, walking up to her and teasing her crease with the
artificial penis. “You want this?” I asked, taunting her.
“Yes, give it to me. Show me you can move just as good in this pussy as you did on
that stage tonight.
“You don’t want me to taste it first?”
“No, I… Oooooooh,” she moaned as I shocked her, filling her with eight inches.
“Shit,” she groaned and I pushed in deeper.
I moaned, too, as I squeezed inside of her slowly. I didn’t think there was another
thing that could top the feeling I got from the first time I received head. This was a
completely new level of sensation. The back of the toy rubbed my clit with each stab. I felt a
sense of power and control as I held onto Payton’s legs and decided how she would get the
dick.
“Faster,” she begged through gruff moans and bulky breathing. She held onto my
neck and kept her eyes closed as I danced inside of her. “Fuck me, Cream.”
Hearing my new name sent me into overdrive and I began pounding her. She wailed
now, digging her nails into my shoulder and biting her bottom lip. I wasn’t a man, but I felt

like ​the man as she announced her pleasure. ​“I’m about to cum” was the sexiest shit I’d ever
heard. Just hearing her say it made me cum.
“Fuck!” I cussed, waiting for her to join me.
Five more long strokes and she was met with the same explosion I had experienced .
She squealed with tears running down her face and sweat dotted her brow. Exhausted, she
said, “You are the truth.”
If the clothes that Payton bought for me didn’t change me, strapping her most
definitely did. I felt confident and powerful knowing that it was me that controlled her sexual
titillation. I lay smiling. She had created a monster.

S​ixteen
“Sometimes, I lay here, and I think about how different my life could have been if my
mama wouldn’t have left us, and my daddy wouldn’t have done what he did. My family was
dealt a bad hand.” Kitty said, pushing the pillow under her head as we lay face to face.
“At least you know where you come from. I don’t know anything about my parents. I
don’t even know why they gave me up.”
“I wish I didn’t know. Having no daddy at all is better than having one that touched
you.”
“I guess you’re right.”
“Whoever your parents are, they missed out,” Kitty simpered. “They could have
gotten to know an amazing person. I knew we’d be friends the day that you walked into the
club.”
“How’d you know that?”
“I have a gift. I can read people.”
“You sound crazy.”
“It’s true. I really can.”
“All right, read me right now. What am I giving off?”
Kitty was silent, staring at me with her piercing eyes. “Emptiness. You’re hollow
inside.”
“That’s not true.”
“It’s very true. I can feel it. You’ve been empty since I met you.”
“I got plenty on the inside.”
“You got nothing. I watch you dance every night and you don’t even seem to enjoy it.
I know why I am where I am, and why I do what I do. Do you?”
“I do it for the money.”
“That’s all?”
“What other reason do I have? What other reason do I even need?”
“You have to have a goal.”
“Nope, I just want to make money.”
“I feel sorry for you, Siren. You’re going to spend the rest of your life existing instead
of living.”

“I’m breathing, so I am living.”
“You know what I mean.”
“Are we about to talk about love again?”
“What’s wrong with love? One day​—​”
“It’s going to hit me. I know. I know. You’ll have a reason to love then and you won’t
be able to run from yourself. Whatever that means…”
“You’re such a bitch.” Kitty teased.
“Yeah, yeah. Goodnight, Kitty.” I said.
I turned over in the bed opening one eye and flinching when I noticed Payton staring.
“Who’s Kitty?” She asked, not letting me compose myself.
“Someone from my past. Wait, how do you know about her?”
“You just said her name in your sleep.”
I laughed. Payton was the first person I’d ever shared a bed with. It was funny to hear
someone tell me about a sleeping habit I didn’t know I had.
“So, who is she?” She pressed.
“Why?”
“Because it’s not the first time you’ve said her name. I just never said anything
before.”
“Why are you choosing to say something now?”
“Because she has to mean a lot to you if you’re saying her name all the time.”
Her tone and demeanor put me on defense. She sat with her arms folded across her
chest and too much attitude in her voice.
“It’s not your business who she is or isn’t.” I replied, not used to being questioned.
“You don’t have to get defensive. It was just a question.”
“One that I don’t want to answer.”
“Alright, I’m off it,” she said, swinging her legs off the bed and standing. “I’m going
to make us some breakfast. Oh, and you’ve been booked for another show.”
“Cool, thanks.” I said, turning over.
She and I had a discussion about her managing me since I spazzed on her when she
asked for fifteen percent. I had to realize there was no difference between paying her and
paying the owners of the clubs I used to dance in.
I slept for a few more hours, not bothering to join Payton for breakfast. I’d been
caught up in her world for so long that I forgot that I had things to tend to. I hadn’t even
written Corey to let him know where I was. Today would be the perfect day to do that since
Kitty weighed so heavily on my brain.
I sat in the middle of the bed, updating Corey on everything that was going on in my
life. I didn’t know what the hell I was thinking, moving to Georgia and changing the way I

lived. I trusted Payton too much and I knew it was because she had introduced me to this new
lifestyle; introduced me to who I had to have been all my life. I had to be disconnected from
me​ for a reason. ​Right?
The newness of this feeling pulled me in like nothing had before. I just wanted to be
on stage again.
Girls screamed my name with dollars in their hands and music shook the walls of the
club. Some studs stared with jealous eyes from the corners and others respected the hustle
and held their dollars out too. I was a natural born performer. I mouthed lyrics and rolled my
oiled body beneath the neon lights.
The first performance had been the ice breaker but that night, I was more confident
than ever while I searched the crowd for a victim. Payton would be starting school soon, so
she decided to record the performance for YouTube because she didn’t know when she’d be
able to film again. She didn’t want to waste any time when it came to promoting me.
Once my show was over, I headed to the back to change. I needed a drink. Payton
rushed over to me, her eyes and mouth wide with excitement.
“What are you so happy about?”
She lifted her phone and held it close to my face but I couldn’t make out the words.
“Back up. I can’t read that.”
“You’ve been requested to dance in Maryland.”
“Huh? How? I’m still making a name for myself here.”
“Yeah, I know. My mom actually lives in Silver Springs and so do most of my
friends. I was telling one of my friends about you and she pulled some strings to get you
booked at a gay club in Baltimore. Travel and hotel all paid for.”
“You’re pretty good at this management thing.” I smiled.
“I know right, makes me feel like I picked the right major. It also helped that I told
her you were my girlfriend.” I opened my mouth to debate the girlfriend part but she spoke
before I could object. “This is great practice for when I start working with celebrities. I’m so
excited!” She hugged me.
I’d later regret not correcting her right. “When is the show?” I asked.
“Next weekend. I won’t be able to go with you since school is starting, but I’ll handle
all the business aspects of it.”
“Cool. I can’t wait. Nothing I love more than getting on a plane.”
“You’re going to love it there,” she boasted. “Get dressed. You deserve a drink. I’m
going to make you a star in the gay community.”

S​e(x)venteen
​

Baltimore, Maryland
“So, you’re Cream?” A beautiful peanut butter colored woman asked with a naughty
grin on her face.
“The one and only.” I said, matching her flirtatious tone.
“I’m Ana. I requested you.” She offered her hand.
“Well, it’s much appreciated since I’m still trying to make a name for myself.”
“Looking like that, it won’t be a problem.” She licked her lips and I knew it was only
to show me her tongue ring.
“Shall we go?” I said, motioning toward the exit. I let her step away first.
“You travel light.” She said, looking at my duffle bag dangling from my shoulder.
“I don’t require much. I’m easy.”
She laughed. “I’ll make a mental note of that.”
I couldn’t take my eyes off of Ana’s swaying hips and bouncing ass . I didn’t know
what was happening. The gay thing was still fairly new to me since Payton was the only
woman I had crossed that line with, but I was lusting over Ana in the worst way. I heard East
Coast women were beautiful, but my God. I wanted her to keep talking to me with that
strong Baltimore accent, putting extra emphasis on her O’s and U’s.
Ana led me to her car, and we drove to the hotel I’d be staying at. She handed me
cash to eat with, winked at me, and sent me on my way. She told me she’d be back at nine to
pick me up for the show. I was ready.
Ana spared no expense on my room. I walked into a lovely suite with everything that
I could possibly need. It was like a miniature apartment. I’d never even purchased rooms that
nice for myself. I only needed the room to sleep. I sat my bag on the floor and my phone
rang. Payton didn’t give me a second to unwind.
“Hello.” I said.
“I know you’ve landed. Why didn’t you call and say you made it.”
“I was with Ana. I didn’t want to be rude.”
“I don’t think she would have minded a two-minute phone call.”

“Well, I’m here. I’m going to rest and shower, if that’s okay with you.”
“Why the attitude?”
“Look, I’m tired. Can I just hit you later?”
“Yeah, sure. Break bank and have fun.” Payton said, hanging up in my face.
I shrugged my shoulders and fell across the bed. I needed food, sleep, and a shower.

“Tonight’s going to be a good night. Everybody say, yeah!”
“Yeah!” The crowd barely roared.
“Hold the fuck up. What was that weak bullshit? I’m going to ask this one more time
and I want you all to wake the fuck up. It’s going to be a good night. Everybody say,
YEAH!”
“YEAH!” Everybody roared.
“We got a special treat for you tonight all the way from Atlanta, Georgia. She is sexy
as shit. We need to show her how we do it in B-More. Give it up for Cream!” The DJ yelled
and the music started to play.
There was no stage in this club, so I walked through a door and stepped out onto the
floor. The crowd circled around me leaving just enough space for me to dance . Eyes drilled
into me lustfully and before I could even move, the money started to fly. The women on the
East Coast were not shy as they approached me, stuffing cash into my jeans. I took my
position to do my thing and a woman approached me from the left with money clenched
between her teeth. When she got close enough, I snatched her, pulling her close since she
dared to be so bold. I grabbed her legs and in one swift movement her legs were wrapped
around me. Her friends, along with everyone else, cheered. I took a woman approaching me
during a show as a challenge. She’d back down before I did.
She rubbed her hands up and down my arms as I bounced her against my pelvis. I
eased her to the floor on her back and moved down to give the illusion that I was going to eat
her pussy. Why the hell did I do that? I was in for the shock of my life when the horrific
scent of her unclean pussy jolted into my noise. ​Oh, hell, the fuck no! ​I jumped up from the
floor and left her lying right where she was and quickly entertained the first woman I saw.
She knew she was wrong for that. She should have stopped me from even going down there.
I lured a few more women into my tricks, even turned out a few studs. One stud in
particular kept her eyes on me. I figured I danced on a chick she was feeling by the way she
mean mugged me and clenched her jaw. I kept doing what I was doing until the music
stopped. I collected my money and headed to the back.
“You are something else.” A sweet voice said. I turned to see Ana leaned against the
wall.

“Where have you been hiding?”I asked.
“I never hide,” she said, walking closer. “When you’re done getting dressed, meet me
at the bar.” She winked and walked away.
I dressed quickly; ready to be in her presence. The shows were still going on as I
headed back out to the loud music and ful dancefloor. Girls grabbed my hand while I walked.
My ass was pinched, and studs dapped me up. Ana flirted with the bartender and when I
approached, she turned her flirting towards me.
“What do you drink?” She yelled over the music.
“Patron, mostly.”
She ordered a few shots and moved close, pressing her breast against mine. She wore
an all-black, sheer catsuit and her red heels put her at eye level.
“Would it be too forward if I asked you to come home with me?”
I bit down on my bottom lip. “What about my room? It’s already paid for.”
“It’s my money. Come home with me.” She enticed me with her perfectly done eyes.
“It’s not good to mix business with pleasure.”
“Then give me back the money for the room and flight,” she teased. “I’d rather be
pleasured.”
“I get the feeling you always get what you want.”
“Trust that feeling.”
I looked out the corner of my eye and the same stud that mugged me as I danced,
mugged me now. She held a drink in her hand and her fitted cap was pulled down low
against her black shades.
“You know her?” I nodded in her direction.
“Magic? Yeah, I know her.”
“She’s been staring at me all night like I pissed in her drink or something.”
“Magic always looks like that. She’s a professional boxer. They are all angry, if you
ask me. I don’t know what her clown ass doing here anyways. She can take her ass back to
Silver Spring. All that money and she shackin’ with her motha.” She turned up her lip and I
smiled at her B-more accent.
“Bad history there?”
“Something like that. Anyways, forget her. Are we leaving or what?”
“Lead the way.” I said, not protesting this time. I was in a new city with a banging
broad willing to kiss the ground I walked on. I was not about to pass up the opportunity to
see what her insides felt like.
Ana had been on mind since she dropped me off at the hotel. I liked Payton, but I
didn’t want her to be the only woman that I ever experienced anything with. It would be

damn near impossible to resist all the beautiful women that surrounded me: big ones, small
ones, tall ones, short ones, dark ones, and light ones. How could anyone just choose one?
I wondered about Kitty. She was hell bent on falling in love. I wished she could see
me now. I was hell bent on falling in lust as I followed Ana’s ass out of the club.
“So, what type of girls do you go for, Cream?” Ana asked.
“I’m not really sure.”
“No type?”
“Not really or I just haven’t discovered it yet.”
“You think I’m attractive?”
“I think you could have anyone you want.”
She laughed. “I think the same of you. You have a girlfriend back home?”
“Home?”
“Yes, where you live.” She said sarcastically.
“Oh, no.”
“Even better,” she said and we hopped into her car. She keyed the engine and floored
her way home. We rode with the windows down and the music loud. Every few seconds she
reached over and touched me, licking her lips and smiling. I couldn’t wait to see her naked.
Once we pulled into her apartment complex, she threw the gears into park and leaned
over, pulling my neck to her mouth to suck on the flesh. She tugged gently and flicks of her
tongue teased me. I closed my eyes and let her do her thing.
We headed inside and didn’t waste any time. Ana stripped at the door and I did the
same, lifting her up like she was a member of my audience and carrying her over to the sofa.
She reached her hand between our bodies, pressing her fingers to my clit, almost making me
drop her.
“Am I allowed to touch you?” She whispered.
“You already are. Should I be protesting?” I asked, laying her down on her back and
running my tongue across her collarbone.
“Mmmm,” she moaned, curling beneath me. “Let’s see if you fuck as good as you
dance.”
“Let’s see if you taste as good as you look.”
I loved my life. I was going to fuck Ana until it was time for me to board my plane.
Payton was sitting on the sofa when I entered her apartment with the spare key she’d
given me. It was early, so I expected her to still be asleep. It was the reason I didn’t call her
to scoop me from the airport.
“Hey.” I said and sat my bag down near the door.
“Hey? I called you all night. Why didn’t you pick up?”
“I stayed at the club late, then I went home and crashed so I wouldn’t miss my flight.”

She sneered. “Is that right?”
“Yeah, that’s right.”
“I heard a different story.”
“From who? I wasn’t with anybody.”
“So, you didn’t leave the club with Ana directly after the show?”
I took a step back. “Who told you that.”
Payton jumped up from the sofa. “I told you I had friends out there. How could you
fucking disrespect me like that?!” She screamed.
“How did I disrespect you?”
“Psh, Magic saw you all up in Ana’s grill. She called me as soon as you two left!”
“Magic?” I said, realizing that was the stud Ana talked to me about in the club. No
wonder the bitch was looking at me crazy.
“You have people watching me now?”
“Don’t flip this. Nobody was watching you. She goes out all the time and this time
she just so happened to see you disrespecting me. Do you know how I felt when she called to
tell me how my ​girl w
​ as acting?!”
“Whoa! Pause. What do you mean your ​girl?​ ”
“As in girlfriend.” She rolled her neck and all of her Spelman education went out of
the window.
“Girlfriend? When the fuck did I become your girlfriend? I let that little comment
slide the first time you said it since it got me a show. How did it become the truth?”
“We might not be in a relationship, but when you move into somebody’s home ​for
free​, eat their food, spend their money, and fuck them. They deserve some respect!”
“When did we have a conversation about even being exclusive?”
“Why did we need to have it, Cream? You’re sexing me.”
I took a deep breath to calm myself. I had to think about what could happen here if it
escalated further. Payton was my manager and my ride around the city since I refused to buy
a car. I had to keep the peace. I still needed her.
“You’re right. I shouldn’t have left with Ana. It was disrespectful. Would you please
calm down?”
She folded her arms across her chest. “Did you sleep with her? And be honest.
You’ve told enough lies today.”
I took a deep breath and rolled my eyes. “Yes.”
“Wow,” she said, throwing her hands up. She dropped her arms to her side and shook
her head. “I need to go for a drive.”She grabbed her key and brushed past me, huffing and
stomping.
“Payton,” I called out, but she ignored me, grabbing her purse and leaving.

I didn’t know what to do. Technically, I was single, but I still felt like I’d done
something wrong. I didn’t ask for all of this. It just happened and I was just being myself.
The front door slammed and Payton walked in. She tossed her keys into her purse and
tossed her purse on the sofa. I sat in her dining area at the table.
“How was your drive?” I asked.
“Nice.” She said, opening the fridge for a bottled water.
I tapped my hand against the table. “I guess you’re still mad at me.”
“You guessed right.”
“I don’t understand what I did wrong.”
“Of course you don’t. You wouldn’t.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing, Cream.” She said, leaning against the counter.
I sighed. “I’m sorry you felt disrespected.”
“Cream, just stop it. Don’t apologize. You don’t even know what you’re apologizing
for. I don’t know why I’m expecting anything more from you.”
“More?”
“Yeah, I thought we were trying to create something together, but on my drive, I
realized that’s not happening at all. I don’t even know your real name.”
“Payton—”
“Unless you’re going to tell me something about yourself, I suggest you just don’t say
anything to me.” She pushed herself from the counter. “I need to study. We can just carry on
like we’ve been carrying on.” She headed toward her bedroom. “Oh, you have a show
booked in Florida next weekend. Try not to fuck the client this time. I don’t manage
prostitutes.” She said and went to her bedroom and slammed the door.
I sat staring at the floor.

E​ighteen
Miami, Florida
Gabriella bounced her ass against me on all fours as she moaned and gripped the
sheets. I slammed into her full on. My puma throbbed beneath the harness of the strap as she
took every inch with no issue.
I really did try my best to comply with Payton’s request not to fuck the client, but
after laying eyes on this Black and Mexican beauty, I couldn’t resist. At least Payton didn’t
have any friends in Florida. Nobody was surveilling me when I left to blow out this pretty
chica’s back. I did tell myself that I wouldn't eat at her buffet and I kept that promise to
myself.
Gabriella didn’t seem to mind that I didn’t put my mouth on her. She pushed me
inside of her wetness and pulled my strap into her mouth to suck off her own juices. My
mouth dropped. I couldn’t feel a damn thing, but it was sexy as shit to watch as her pretty
pink lips moved back and forth. I wished just for a second that it was real. ​Damn.
Gabriella lifted the harness and began giving me head without bothering to remove it.
I was still on my knees and I was about to fall over as she worked her tongue against me like
she’d been eating box all her life. ​Holy shit!​ She was better at it than Payton was.
“You taste so good,” she took a breath to say then dove right back in, twirling her
head to imitate the motions of her tongue.
“Cum for me, Papi. Cum in my mouth,” she moaned.
Did she just call me Papi? Chicks do that? Hmm, kind of sexy… I think.
I grabbed her silky hair and pushed her closer to apply more pressure on my clit. I
was going to give her what she wanted. She hummed as she licked and I grinded against her
tongue for added sensation. A few more thrust forward and it was all over. I collapsed on her
bed and she laughed, wiping her mouth.
“Cream, Cream, Cream,” she said, smiling. “You don’t play with that strap. No one
has ever made me cum that fast before.”
“You’re fucking with the wrong people,” I teased, still out of breath. “You are the
truth with that mouth.”
She truly was and comparing Gabriella to Payton made Payton seem mediocre.

“I do what I can.” She licked her lips. “When can I expect you back in Florida?” She
asked.
“Whenever you book me again.”
“Don’t tell me that. I’ll book you twice a week.” She joked.
“Hey, money for me, pleasure for you.” I shrugged my shoulders.
“We better get some rest so I can get you to the airport on time.”
I sat up to remove my strap and she grabbed my shoulder. “Leave it on. I like to feel it
against me as I sleep.” She smiled.
I didn’t have a problem with that.
I didn’t get a second to breathe. Payton charged at me on the first level of the airport.
She snatched my duffel bag from my shoulder and I immediately saw red as she unzipped it
and dumped everything on the floor.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?!” I yelled and everyone around us stopped to
watch the drama unfold.
Payton picked my strap up from the floor and shook it in my face. “This! I bought you
this and you take it with you to fuck another bitch!”
I snatched it from her hands. “You really have to do this in public?”
I walked around her to pick up everything she dumped out. I ignored the tantrum she
was throwing. She was lucky I didn’t believe in causing scenes because I would have
knocked her on her ass for touching my bag. I put it over my shoulder and walked away as a
crowd started to form.
“I’m talking to you!” She yelled and I kept on going. She pushed me from behind and
I dropped my bag.
“Bitch!” I screamed and charged at her, grabbing her by her neck. I exhausted myself
trying not to hit her. “I’m not your fucking girlfriend! You were the one who told me to wear
the strap for shows. Now you’re checking me in public and shit? You better get your ass to
this car before we both get locked up!”
My reaction shocked Payton. Her eyes bucked and she inhaled as I released her neck
and picked my bag up once again. She ran past me through the automatic sliding door, to her
car and hopped in, speeding off without me.
I threw my hands up and then sat them on my head, locking my fingers and took a
deep breath. She was really trying me. I walked over to the cab stand and paid for a taxi to
take me to her apartment. I had a show that night and wasn’t in the mood for her ​girlfriend
attitude.
“You’re not going to say anything to me?” Payton asked as I packed for my show.
“Say what? You left me at the airport. We’re done talking.”
“You fucked another bitch with the strap I bought you.”

I pulled the strap from my bag and tossed it at her, hitting her in the face by accident.
She gasped.
“Did you really have to do that?”
I shrugged. “Did you really have to cause a scene in the middle of the airport?”
“You hurt me, Cream. I reacted.”
“Yeah, like a child.”

N​ineteen
HoustonAtlantaVegas
If Payton thought I was out of hand before, she hadn’t seen anything yet. The
bookings started coming in like crazy after my shows in Maryland and Florida. I was the next
YouTube sensation in the community when my Baltimore show went viral. I wasn’t even
sure who recorded it, but I appreciated it. Payton showed me the performance and I patted
myself on the back for a job well done.
Before long, girls were paying for private dances. I had groupies lining up like I was a
rapper or an athlete. Some I ​knocked down​ and others I didn’t.
My name made it all the way to the Chi (Chicago). In only a few months, I’d visited
Miami twice, making sure to make a pitstop between Gabriella’s legs; Las Vegas—and
believe that what happened there definitely stayed there—New York, New York, definitely a
city worth being named twice. Hell, three times would have worked for me. They showed
major love and the women were downright gorgeous. Los Angeles cashed out on me and for
the first time, I had my chance with a sexy snow bunny that was a dancer. But out of all the
cities that I visited, I loved Houston the most. The girls in the crowd weren’t shy at all when
I pulled them from their friends. They challenged me; Imaginarily having sex with me on the
dance floor.
The best part about all of it was that I didn’t pay for a single thing. They booked my
rooms, my transportation and they fed me. I was on top of the world.
Ana booked me for a second show on the East Coast. I was shocked that Payton even
told me about it since she damn near had a meltdown the last time I’d gone and messed
around with Ana.
Ana waited for me at the airport like she did the last time, a Kool-Aid smile spread
across my face involuntarily; A reaction from our previous memories.
“Hey, you.” She smiled.
“Hey, beautiful.” I said, wrapping my arms around her then following her to her car.
“Was your flight okay?”
“First class is always good for me.”

“Glad to hear it.”
“I’m surprised I’m even here. Payton flipped the last time.”
She snickered. “I figured. I put two and two together when my emails went
unanswered. Remember that chick Magic that was staring at you in the club that night?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s Payton’s best friend. It should have dawned on me then, but I had my
thoughts elsewhere.” She bit her lip and her eyes perused my body. “I booked you using a
different email and name.” She smirked.
Ana took me back to her place where she fed me a home cooked meal, sexed me real
good, and helped me prepare for my show.
The club was way more packed than it was the last time I was there. Ana gave me a
wink and sent me on my way. She made her rounds in the club, hugging and kissing studs
and gay men. I scanned the crowd for Magic, but I didn’t see her. I knew she had to be in
there somewhere.
I made it my business to pinpoint Ana as my victim for the night just because I knew
Magic would be lurking somewhere. Payton wasn’t my chick and I was going to prove it .
When my show started, Ana was conversing with a group of studs. I walked up
slowly behind her and bent her over. She looked back and smiled as I danced against her ass
and bit my bottom lip like I was really digging inside of her. Dollars fluttered over my head
from the stud standing in front of her completely amused by my display. I yanked Ana up by
her hair and she looked over to her left. Her expression changed, so I followed her gaze .
There was Magic.
I grinned and swung Ana around, pulling her legs up around my waist and carrying
her to the middle of the floor. The spotlight followed. She grinded against me and I sucked
on her neck. Everybody in the place was rattled, screaming, and throwing dollars. By the
time I was done bending Ana into a pretzel and licking every nook and cranny of her body,
everybody was sweating. I was sure that some hardcore sexing went down that night.
Ana helped me collect my money then followed me backstage.
“What was all that?”
“Just had to prove a point to your girl Magic.”
She laughed. “You used me? I’m cool with that.”
“I know it.” I smiled. “Payton’s not my girl and she needs to stop acting like it.”
“I feel that.”
“I’ll meet you out front.”
Ana turned to head to the front when Magic appeared and pushed her back. “What the
fuck, Magic?”
“You better stop disrespecting me!”

“Nobody’s disrespecting you. We’re not together anymore!”
“What’s the problem?” I took a step closer to Ana.
“Nobody’s talking to you. Where’d you find this ‘Bama ass bitch?”
“You don’t know me well enough to be calling me out my name.”
“I know you’re foul. Ana, move so I can have a few words with your friend.”
“Magic, cool it.” Ana pushed her chest.
“Nah you need to get out of my way.” Magic took another step toward Ana. She was
tall enough to look down at her but, Ana wasn’t wavering.
“You doing too much,” Ana scolded.
Magic pushed Ana out of the way and came straight at me. I don’t remember much
after that. I remember swinging and missing. People came out of nowhere to break up the
fight and the next thing I knew, I was in Ana’s bed with ice on my eye. I’d never lost a fight
in my life. I didn’t feel too bad about it though.Magic was a professional at beating people
up. I didn’t go down without a fight but I was just happy it was only a black eye. I could
cover that with makeup.
“I’m so sorry, Cream.” Ana said, sitting beside me on the bed.
“What are you apologizing for?”
“Because this is my fault. I should have known Magic would be there and I should
have told you more about our history.”
“It’s not important. I seriously doubt she swung at me because of you. This had
everything to do with Payton.”
“You think so?”
“I know it. She could have said or done something the first time I came if this was
about you. She just needed an excuse to fight me.”
“We can call the police and press charges. You know boxers aren’t supposed to fight
on the street. I’d be happy to bring that bitch down.”
“Nah, that’s too far. I’ll deal with the root of the problem myself.”

T​wenty
​

“You just don’t quit, do you?” I said gathering my things for another show.
“So it’s my fault that you got your ass whipped?”
“Magic is your friend. You think she would have given a rats ass had it not been for
you ?”
“Okay, so, I’m wrong because my friend loves me and doesn’t want to see me hurt?”
“Why do you keep finding your own messages in my words. It was fucked up. Point
blank.”
“No, what’s fucked up is you making a fool of me. Fucking all these girls like you’re
not coming here to lay your head. It’s stupid and it’s childish.”
“I’m just doing me. There’s no crime or childishness in that. You said yourself that
you didn’t expect anything more from me.”
“You don’t think what you’re doing is childish? And reckless on top of that? What if
you catch something from these random chicks? What happens if I catch it?”
“I haven’t even been fucking you. I’m not bound to you, Payton. I’m not yours,” I
said, zipping up my bag and tossing it over my shoulder. “The only reason I stay here with
you is because you’ve done so much for me, and I don’t just want to bail on you and seem
unappreciative. This isn’t even me. You’re walking around like you own me or some shit.
I’m not yours for the second time. Did you get the message this time or do you need me to
spell it out?”
“Spell it out, because last time I checked, we do everything that couples do.”
“Okay, third times the charm. Im. Not. Your. Girlfriend.” I clapped my hands
together with each word. “We fuck and we go out to eat. Woopty-doo.”
“Wow. That’s how you feel?”
“That’s what it is. Look, I have to go. I have a show.”
“And how are you going to get there? I’m not bringing you, and you don’t have a
car.”
“I got here when you left me at the airport last time, didn’t I? Taxies run twenty-four
seven.” I pulled my cell phone from my pocket and called the cab company. I had no shame
in being dropped off to the club in a taxi. My money was at the club. I would get it by any
means necessary.

Me and my duffle headed outside to wait. I hoped a police officer or security guard
wasn’t driving around. I wasn’t in the mood to get reprimanded for loitering or being black
on a Saturday night. Get offended if you want, but racism and profiling was and is still alive
and thriving.
The yellow taxi pulled up in fifteen minutes and I was gone. Payton called my cell
back to back and I silenced the calls. There was nothing she could say to me. I needed to do
one of two things: get over my fear of having a car and buy one, or find another chick with a
car that could navigate me through the hilly streets of Georgia.
“Twenty even.” the cabby said and I paid him.
The line was wrapped around the club when I stepped out. Familiar faces winked and
waved as I headed up to the front for my VIP entrance. A few new faces smiled in my
direction.
“What’s up, Cream?” The stud bouncer out front greeted me.
“What’s up?”
“No Payton tonight?”
“No, she’s back in school and cutting down on the club scene. I’m on my own for
awhile.”
“Cool, cool. Well, go on in. The ladies are amped to see you perform tonight.”
“I hope they’re amped and brought their purses.”
“I hear that.”
I patted the bouncer on her back and headed inside. Club owners were good at
deceiving the crowd. There was maybe ten people inside and that included the bartenders and
security. I shook my head and headed over to the bar for a drink. As the bartender poured me
a shot, a group of women were allowed inside. They were loud and wore sashes across their
shoulders. Each was a different shade of blackand the tallest one wore a sash with the word
“Bride” across her body. The back of her head faced me, but I could tell she was attractive by
the way she walked. She finally turned , laughing with her friends and I damn near fell. She
bore a shocking resemblance to Kitty; her fair skin, perfect smile, and tiny, pointed nose
looked exactly like hers.
The pounding of my heart knocked so loudly that my ears seemed to be thumping.
This anonymous and strangely familiar beauty had rattled me. She moved closer and my
heart sped up. More people entered the club, but my eyes were fixated on the Kitty
dopple-ganger. I pinched myself then turned to ask for another shot. I tossed it back and still,
there she was. Standing in front of me. She was closer now and hanging on the bar to order a
drink.

“Make their next round on me.” I said to the bartender, handing her more than enough
money to pay for the women’s drinks. There were only five of them. . Three were attractive.
The other two, not so much. I ordered one more shot then forced myself away from the bar.
I sat in the dressing room staring at myself in the mirror, and like always, Ms.
Weston stood behind me, brushing my hair and telling me how beautiful I was. She told me
about her life and how she used her powers for evil; Taking rich men for all that they had,
but she still had nothing to show for it. I should have known then that she didn’t care about
anybody but herself.
Her late husband, Barry’s father, was twelve years her senior. She met him when she
was twenty-one and he believed he was getting a young dummy. She milked him dry, took
his house, his car, and everything in his bank account. Yet another reason why I didn’t feel
bad for having the deed to her house. She proudly admitted that she broke him down. Life
was a game to her and she wanted to be the best player.
“Cream?”
I turned away from the mirror.
“You’re on next, honey.”
“All right.” I said and pushed myself away from the vanity. It was time for me to get
lost on the stage.
As usual, the girls screamed. Dollars began to fly before the music started. I was
making a name for myself quickly and I knew a lot of it had to do with Payton’s promotional
skills. If I owed her credit for nothing else, I owed her credit for that.
As I moved around the stage, my eyes searched the crowd for the look alike. Now
was the perfect time to get up close and personal with her and not come off as some creeper.
She and her friends were still posted up by the bar, so I needed to make my way back there. I
had six minutes.
I jumped down from the stage and parted the crowd like the Red Sea. Girls reached
for me, rubbing their hands down my back and stomach and sliding cash into my jeans. I
enticed them the whole way down the aisle, but my main focus was Kitty’s twin. Her friends
giggled and blushed as I stopped eight feet away and pointed my finger at her while rolling
my belly. She covered her face, flushed by the sensual movements that were directed toward
her.
I moved closer when she didn’t step down from the stool, bending down and gripping
her ankles. She wore a short skirt but I didn’t care. You must be prepared for these things
when you walk into a gay club or any club where there are performers. Her friends screamed
and I lifted her ankle to my shoulder and pretended to lick upwards from her inner thigh. Her
hands remained over her face; the embarrassment evident in the way she shook her head.
This was my ice breaker because after the song was over, I’d be able to talk to her with ease.

I had no real reason for wanting to know her other than the fact that she reminded me so
much of Kitty.
Her friends tried effortlessly to pull her hands from her eyes, but to no avail. Usually,
I had limits to the things I did to women, but I needed to see her face. I leaned into her and
flicked my tongue across her fingers and voila, like magic, her hands dropped . She
screamed then laughed and her friends did the same. She was focused on me the rest of the
dance.
Once the song ended, I rushed to collect my dollars and head back behind the curtain
to put on some regular clothes. Everybody knew that I never stayed after I did my show, so
eyes were following me. I ran back out front without my duffle bag and searched for the
look alike. She’d migrated to the other end of the bar. I proceeded with caution and one of
her friends spun around with a wide grin on her face.
“I loved your show.” She said over the music.
“Thanks. Who’s the bride?” I asked, looking down at her sash, eyeing the word
“Bridesmaid”. She turned and pointed to the look alike.
Duh, Cream.​ I was so busted staring into her face.
“Hey, you! Come over here!” Another one of her friends who was closer to her
yelled. The friend beside me locked arms with me and dragged me over to the bride. I
stopped directly in front of her.
“Thanks for the dance.” She laughed.
“Anytime.” I said, smiling at her Atlanta accent. She was either a native or had been
here for more than five years.
“I appreciated the drinks, too.”
“The bartender snitched on me?”
“She sure did.” She smiled, and I couldn’t help but smile back. That smile was
contagious.
“We’re going to dance!” Her friends yelled and they walked away to leave us alone.
“Aren’t you going to go with them?” I asked.
“I’m not much of a dancer.” She confessed.
I nodded my head, feeling awkward about being left alone with her. I didn’t know
what to say. I figured I’d stick to the obvious. “Big day tomorrow?”
“Yeah.”
“Nervous?”
“A little bit. It’s such a permanent thing and I’m still so young, but it’s what I’ve
always wanted.”
“How old are you?”

“Just turned twenty-four , so I’m celebrating double. Getting older and my last night
of freedom.”
“Happy belated birthday and congrats. Where is the lucky lady? Don’t lesbians have
joint parties?”
“You’d know better than me. I’m not gay.” She laughed.
“Oh, shit. My bad.”
“It’s cool. You were right to assume. This place was my friend’s idea because I told
her I wanted to do something different other than a male stripper.”
“Hey, you two need to get on the dance floor. Take these shots!” Her friend popped
up behind me, holding glasses between ​Bride​ and I. We took them and inhaled them quickly.
“What’s your name?” I asked.
“Tasia. And yours?”
“Cream, everybody calls me Cream, on and off stage.”
“Enough of that. Let’s dance!” Her friend interrupted and pulled us both by the wrist
to the floor. As long as Tasia was there, I was going to be there.
Tasia and I danced circles around each other for a little while. Forsomeone who said
they weren’t a dancer she was pretty good at it. I respected her space and the fact that she
was getting married by keeping my hands to myself. I violated her enough during my show.
Being close to her was enough because she possessed the same warm spirit as Kitty. Her
friend kept the shots coming, but Tasia didn’t drink all of hers. The ones that she declined, I
took for her.
After the last shot, I began feeling dizzy, which I was surprised didn’t happen sooner
with the way I was tossing back those shots.
“I think I need to sit down.” I yelled to Tasia.
“Me too.”
We both sat and I hoped to sober up so I could call a cab. My head spun and Tasia
and I leaned against each other. The music faded.

T​wenty-one
A soft hand tapped me lightly on the shoulder, then the taps got harder and turned into
shakes. “Cream get up. Cream… get up.”
I groaned and rolled onto my back, struggling to open my eyes.
“A woman, Tasia?”
The sound of a male voice was medicine for the hangover I knew was coming. I sat
up quickly, letting the covers fall to my waist without realizing that I was shirtless.
“Fred, I swear this isn’t what it looks like.”
“I guess my mind is playing tricks on me. How could you? The night before our
wedding.”
“Fred.” Tasia scrambled from the bed and I sat frozen. I thought any sudden
movement would set him off. I was not in the mood for a replay of what happened with
Payton’s father.
“I hope it was worth it!” He spat in her direction and she ran toward him, begging and
pleading to explain. “Get your hands off me!” He pulled away from her and she threw
herself at his feet.
“Fred, I’m so sorry. I got drunk. I-I-I don’t remember anything. I swear I wouldn’t
cheat on purpose.”
“Do you even know what time it is?”
His question made me look over at the clock in the hotel room:​1:34p.m. Shit.​
“Fred, please!” She cried out.
“Stay away from me! You can come get your shit from out of my house! I hope this
dyke can take care of you!” He turned to exit the room. Tasia crawled after him, tears leaving
a trail for her to find her way back to the spot where she lost her love and her marriage.
“Freeeeddd!” She sobbed and the door slammed, leaving her to deal with whatever it
was she thought she’d done. Even I couldn’t fill in the blanks for her.
I wasn’t sure if I should stay or go. I sat on the bed and watched her on the floor,
curled into the fetal position and saying her fiance’s name repeatedly. She shifted a little and
I saw a glimpse of her face and decided to stay. She looked like Kitty crouched on that floor
and if she were Kitty, I’d console her.

I got off the bed and grabbed my shirt to at least cover the top half of my body. I
spotted my boxers and put those on, too. That made me half-way decent. I walked over to
where Tasia lay, tiptoeing so as to not disturb her pain or make it worse with my presence. I
touched her back lightly and she cringed, so I jerked away then tried again. This time she
accepted the comfort that I offered. I helped her from the floor and walked her back over to
the bed.
“You need me to do anything?”
She shook her head no.
“Okay.” I said and went to search for the rest of my clothes.
“Wait, can you find my phone for me?” She asked.
Where the hell is my phone? My damn duffle bag? “Shit, I need to get back to the
club.” I said, now panicked and realizing I was going to have problems of my own when I
walked through Payton’s door.
“I’ll take you.” Tasia said then moved to get out of the bed as if it were taking
everything out of her .
“I can call a cab.”
“No, I’ll drop you wherever you need to go.”
She searched for her phone and we were on our way. She drove slowly, dialing every
friend she was with last night, but only getting an answer from one.
I didn’t know if you could call what I was doing eavesdropping since we were in the
car together, but I did strain my ears to hear what was being said on the other end of the
phone.
“Have you spoken to Lottie... I called her three times already and her phone keeps
going to voicemail… Onya, I honestly can’t tell you a thing that happened last night.” Tears
began falling down her cheeks. “He came into my hotel room this afternoon,” she sniffed. “I
know… I love you too… Okay.” She hung up.
I was afraid to say anything to her, since I was fifty percent of the reason that she was
five and a half hours late for her own wedding. I couldn’t imagine what she was going to
have to deal with when she finally spoke with her family .
“Can I ask a question?” I went ahead and said.
“Yeah.”
“Why were you staying in a hotel alone, anyway? Shouldn’t your bridesmaids be in a
room down the hall or something.”
“It wasn’t supposed to be a major thing. I was in a hotel because I live with my
fiance. He and the boys stayed at his house and I got a room so we’d be separated the night
before.”
“Did anyone at least try to call you?”

“No.”
“You don’t find that odd?”
“Yeah, that’s why I need Lottie to call me.”
“Which one was Lottie?”
“The one buying the shots. The girl drinks like a damn fish, but will wake up the next
day with a full memory like all she had was water the night before.”
“I’m really sorry about all this.”
“It’s not all your fault. I should have kept my promise to myself not to drink. I have to
fix my own mess,” she sighed. “Do you remember anything from last night?”
I drew breath. “Let’s see, uh, no… not really. I remember drinking and dancing.”
“So there may be a slight chance nothing happened between us?”
“Yeah, slight.”
“Would you be willing to say that to my fiance?” She said as though she still had one.
I nodded my head.
Tasia slammed on brakes and did a u-turn in the middle of the street. Her foot was
now heavy on the gas and, just like the Graviton Spaceship Ride at fairs, my back was
pressed against the seat. I couldn’t move.
We pulled up to a nice, conventional one-story brick house.
“Come with me.”
Tasia rapped on the door like the police. We knew someone was home, because there
was a car in the driveway. She knocked again and this time we heard the latch being undone.
The door creaked open, no “who is it” or nothing.
“Lottie?” Tasia asked, very confused . “What are you doing here? I’ve been calling
you all morning.”
“Fred called me. The man is a mess.”
“You answered his calls and not mine?”
“He needed me.”
“I needed you!”
“Baby, who are you talking to?” Asked the same male voice that had woken me from
my sleep.
“He sure sounds like he’s a mess. What’s going on here, Lottie?”
Her friend took a deep breath. “Look, I’m not going to beat around the bush with you.
Fred and I are in love. He didn’t want to marry you, but didn’t want to hurt you.”
“What are you saying to me?”
The door stretched open further and Fred appeared with an ‘oh shit’ expression on his
face. I turned my nose up at his Fresh Prince of Bel air haircut. Was he serious?
“Fred go inside, I told you I’d handle this.”

“Handle this? I’m not some situation that needs to be handled! I’m your best friend.
His fiancée.” Tasia said and backed away. “It all makes sense now. You set me up! Why
would you do this to me!” She yelled and I backed up to make room for the confrontation
that was about to go down. This was better than a three a.m. episode of Cheaters.
“Tasia, I never meant to hurt you.” Lottie said, as if she was truly apologetic.
“Fred?” Tasia looked to him for some response, some explanation. He hung his head.
“Y’all deserve each other.” She said and walked away.
That’s it?
I followed Tasia to her car; the closer we got to it, the more the respect I had for her,
grew. Right then, I knew the type of woman she was and it wasn’t the bust-your-windows,
key-your-car-up kind.
She did, however, break down the moment she was in the car. Her face fell forward
on her steering wheel and she sobbed. She leaned back and started the engine; I sat with no
clue what to say or do.
She cried as we rode to the club to retrieve my bag and she cried on her way to drop
me off at home.
“Will you be okay?” I asked with one leg dangling from her car. She didn’t say a
word, just nodded then sped off once I closed her door. Now I had to deal with my own life.
“I called you all night last night and several times this morning. Care to explain where
you were? I was worried sick!”
“Back up out my face, Payton.”
“And whose car was that? It sure didn’t look like the taxi that picked you up last
night.”
“You’re watching me now?”
“I have to. It’s the only way I know anything. Why must you disrespect me, Cream?”
“Let me stop you. First off, I’m not your girl. There is no reason for you to be
checkin’ me. I could have sworn I made that clear last night. Secondly—”
“So you stayed out all night and half the day to emphasize a point?”
“Let me finish. You don’t control me, Payton.”
“This has nothing to do with me trying to control you. It’s all about respect. I moved
you here, let you stay in my place, and never asked for anything. Hell, I even drive you
around. I bet you have no clue how much gas cost.”
“Like the cost matters to you. Your daddy pays for everything. And if my memory
serves me correctly, after every show, I slide you fifteen percent. You call that asking me for
nothing?”
“That’s business! And at least I have a daddy. What you got? Clearly nobody.” She
folded her arms across her chest.

Her words came straight for me, but I refused to let them hit me. I nodded my head
and walked over to my duffle bag. I dug around in the bottom and pulled out a wad of cash.
“Here, this should cover my short stay. Thanks for everything.” I tossed my bag over
my shoulder and motioned for the door.
“Where are you going?”
I didn’t respond and kept on walking.
Her tone relaxed. “Cream, I’m sorry. Cream, don’t leave. I didn’t mean what I said. I
was just mad.”
I opened the front door and she continued to yell . It was was time for me to leave,
fuck trying not to seem appreciative. I had to get back to what I knew, back to the me I knew.
“You walk out of that door, don’t bother coming back! Cream… Cream… Cream!”
SLAM!
“You’ll regret it!” she screamed and I heard the door open again as I jogged down the
stairs. “You can’t run your whole life!”
SLAM!

T​wenty-two
It was back to hotels and I didn’t mind. I hated it and loved it; hated it because when I
left Payton, I left all my future bookings behind, but loved it because I didn’t have somebody
breathing down my neck about what I was or wasn’t doing. I knew I’d have to disappear on
Payton eventually, but I thought I’d at least have a steady flow of money coming in. I
actually thought about going back to taking my clothes off for men. Money was money.
The only gig that was guaranteed was my Saturday nights at the gay club. It was cool,
but it wasn’t going to keep enough money in my pocket for transportation, food, room and
board, and clothes.
I should have at least packed up all the nice shit that Payton bought for me. I could
have sold it. Oh well, it was what it was.
It had already been three weeks since I walked out on Payton. I had a gig that night
and there was a fifty-fifty chance that I’d run into her at the club. If she had midterms or
something to study for, then she wouldn’t be there unless she just wanted to be a bitch. Either
way, I wasn’t going to pay her any mind.
I did like I’d been doing and called a taxi. I’d been riding in them so often that I had
my own driver, Edwin. He gave me his card one night after dropping me off at the club. Even
gave me a set rate and told me to call him anytime, on or off the clock. He was a godsend
until I could find another chauffeur . I seriously had to get over my fear of driving or I was
going to go broke.
Edwin dropped me off at the club. I walked past the long line winking, dapping up
studs, and kissing cheeks. I had become quite the celebrity. Truth be told, not everyone liked
me. There were studs that gave me the fish eye, pulling their girl closer when I walked
by—like their chick was someone worth stealing—and femmes that assumed I was stuck up.
As I walked toward the front of the line, I looked over to the back parking lot. . For
the past two weeks, there had been a car sitting in the lot that looked exactly like Tasia’s. I
chalked it up as coincidence, but that night, something just wasn’t sitting right. It was parked
in the same spot, facing the same direction, almost like it never moved.
I headed inside to prepare for my show. I told myself that if the car was still outside
when I left, I would investigate.

I did my thing as usual and instead of leaving early, I hung around for awhile. I
needed to build my clientele back up. I exchanged numbers with a few people and talked
about some possible gigs. I didn’t need a damn manager.
Around two, I decided to head back to my hotel. I left the club and remembered my
earlier mission. I checked the back lot and the car was still parked . I walked over without
caution and just as I thought, Tasia was reclined in her seat, sleeping. I tapped on the
window to wake her.
“What are you doing out here?”
She ran her hand over her head. “Oh, um…”
“You okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” She sighed and dropped her hands in her lap.
“You’ve been parked out here for weeks.”
“It’s a coping thing. I-I come back to the places where major life changes occurred…
it-it’s a coping thing. It helps me to deal and accept it.”
“Uh huh,” I said and looked into her backseat, which was filled with garbage bags.
“Are you living in your car?”
“Cream, it’s a long story. Just go home, okay. I’m fine.”
“No, you’re not. Look, come to the hotel with me.”
“No, no, I couldn’t.” She waved her hand.
“You can. I want you to. I mean, I heard what your friend did, but I still feel partially
responsible. I’d feel better if you just came with me, even if it’s for one night. Please?”
“Hey! You good over there?” I heard my cab driver yell. I forgot that he’d be waiting
for me. He must have seen me walk to the car .
“I’m great, Ed. I don’t need a ride tonight. I’ll call you.”
He nodded and walked away. I turned my attention back towards Tasia. I don’t know
what came over me. I felt the need to take care of her and make sure that she was okay. Her
resemblance to Kitty made me a different person.
“You’re coming with me, right?” I said as more of a demand than a suggestion. She
nodded and I ran around to her passenger side so that we could be on our way.
Once we arrived at the hotel, Tasia insisted on keeping her things in her car. I ignored
her and dragged as much as I could carry up to my room while she followed, looking down
at the ground. It was obvious that she was still going through the storm. I wasn’t shocked.
“Are you hungry?” I asked, pushing her bags against the wall.
“No. I’m okay.”
“Sleepy?”
She nodded her head yes.

“Cool. You can take the bed and I’ll just get some extra blankets for the floor or
something.”
“You don’t have to do that.”
“Tasia, just get some rest. I’ll be good, okay?”
She walked over to the bed and laid down, pulling the covers up to her eyes.
Tasia laid in the same spot for three days. She cried and she held herself. She would
get up only to shower then she crawled back into her warm spot in the bed. I couldn’t
fathom what she was going through. What I did realize as I watched her was that I’d never
mourned anything, not even Kitty. I shed tears, but I never dealt. Never got upset that my
parents didn’t want me, never cared that girls didn’t befriend me, never cared that I never
really had a home, a sibling, a grandmother… I never let myself care.
I occupied the floor, wanting to respect her space. There weren’t many verbal
exchanges, only ​“Are you hungry” from me and ​“no” from her. I’d never had to deal with
anyone’s pain before.
On the fourth day, her agony was just too much to bear. I was starting to feel like I
needed to sit and cry with her. I stood over her as she curled in the hotel bed, cuddled up with
one of the pillows.
“I’ll be downstairs in the lobby if you need anything.”
I didn’t wait for her to nod or budge. I grabbed a notebook and pen, since I hadn’t
written to Corey in a while and headed out. I sighed with relief once I was on the other side
of the door. I rubbed my hand across my head and headed for the elevator. A door squeaked
as it opened, but I didn’t bother to see where the sound was coming from.
“Cream?” A raspy voice called out and I turned to see Tasia poking her head out.
“Yes?”
“I think I’m hungry.”
“You want to go get something?”
She shook her head no.
“Room service?”
“That’ll work.”
I spun on my heel and retreated.
Room service was quick. Her and I picked over a platter of chicken strips and French
fries. She watched the plate and I watched her.
“You want to talk about it?” I asked.
“I don’t know what to say exactly.”
“Start with how you feel.”
“I don’t feel anything.”
I knew that feeling.

T​wenty-three
I tried everything to get Tasia out of that room. I could barely get her close to a
window. It was as though she wanted to forget the world existed. It was day nine and she still
sobbed, but less painfully now. Her body no longer jerked. She only sniffed. She was
breaking me down.
I leaned against the bathroom door with my hands inside of my Walmart sweatpants
pockets. I had to try the one thing that was off limits to everyone else.
I cleared my throat. “My real name is Kelli Coursey.” My voice cracked. “I was born
on February 24​th​, 1989, and I never knew my parents.”
Tasia wiped her eyes and sat up.
“I, uh, grew up in foster care and to keep myself level, I read a lot of books. I don’t
have a favorite color and I’ve never been to a movie theater… I can’t ride a bike… I have a
fear of driving and I haven’t had a permanent address since I was eighteen.” I fidgeted with
my hands now and looked at the floor. “My favorite book is The Bluest Eye… I’ve never
broken a bone,” I tapped on the door frame: knock on wood. “And my biggest fear is never
knowing who I truly am or where I came from. I keep running and running, but I feel like I
only run into myself.”
“Why are you telling me all of this?” Her voice still cracked with old tears.
“I just wanted to distract you from your own life for a little while. Sometimes hearing
about someone else’s life makes you feel better about yours. I’ve only told one other person
everything that I’m telling you. It’s nothing too serious, but it’s a start.”
“Why me?”
“You remind me of her.”
“Where is she?”
“She was killed.”
Tasia hung her shadowed head. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t apologize.” I changed the subject to lighten the mood. “So, do you think I can
get you into some sunlight today?”
She halfway smiled and nodded her head yes. I knew it was because her pity had
shifted from herself to me—little, old, lost me.

Tasia and I settled for a little bar and grill called The Vortex in Downtown Atlanta.
The concierge said it had the best burgers. When we sat down she asked me for twenty
singles and I looked at her strangely.
“What do you need twenty ones for?”
“The tip.”
“I need you to go a little bit deeper if I’m giving away twenty dollars.”
She laughed and the sound was refreshing after being drowned with the sound of her
distress. “I almost never give away the whole twenty. I stack it in the middle of the table and
for everything they do wrong, I deduct a dollar. For example, if a server comes to the table
and doesn’t introduce themselves, I take a dollar. If they don’t refill our drinks after passing
and seeing an empty glass, I take a dollar.
“Oh, I get it. That’s a cool idea.”
“Yeah, I don’t know when I started doing it.”
I decide to humor her. I handed her twenty singles and she did just as she said. Our
server was on point for a while.
She picked at her fries while I inhaled a burger with cheese.
“You know she drugged us?” Tasia said all of a sudden.
“Huh?”
“Lottie. That night at the club when everything went down, she put something in our
drinks.”
“How’d you find that out?”
“When I went to pick up my things. She gave me a full confession. She had the nerve
to have tears in her eyes. She begged me to understand that they were in love and really
didn’t want to hurt me.”
“She was your best friend?”
“Best friend and Maid of Honor. This girl stood beside me every step of the way. You
would think at some point she would have had the balls to tell me what was up.”
“That’s exactly why I’ve only had one friend. People can’t be trusted.”
“You’re right about that.” She dipped her fry in ketchup and left it there. “I appreciate
you letting me crash in your space.”
“It’s cool. If you don’t mind me asking, why were you sleeping in your car?”
“This might sound weird because of what you told me about yourself earlier, but I
grew up in foster care too. Only difference is, I was actually adopted. My parents were
abusive though and only did it for the money. When I met Fred, I left everything behind. I
was only seventeen and I thought he saved me. He bought me the car I’m driving, moved me

into his house, and told me I never had to work. It felt good to tell my parents they weren’t
worth shit. My mother told me I’d be back. I told her I’d be homeless before I ever went
crawling back to her.” She sighed. “I stayed in school and graduated and just as Fred
promised, he kept taking care of me. Even when I wanted a part time job, he insisted that I
relax and rely on him and trust him.”
“Damn, and what about this Lottie chick?”
“Oh, Lottie? She and I had been friends since middle school. She was all for me
leaving my adopted parents’ house. She’d witnessed the abuse for herself. Them cussing at
me and making me do unnecessary chores for food and clothes… it’s so much.”
“And your other friends at the club that night?”
“They were Lottie’s friends first. I guess you could say it was a package deal. That’s
why I’m not shocked they lied for her. Their loyalty was never with me.”
“So now you have to start all over?” I asked.
She nodded her head yes, somberly .
“I know that all too well.” I took another big bite of my burger. Tasia stared at me.
“Thank you” She said suddenly.
“For what?”
“All of this. I’m technically a complete stranger. Why are you being so nice to me? I
mean, I know I remind you of your friend, but there has to be more.”
“I’m still figuring it out myself. I’m still silently freaking out at how much you look
like her.”
“I feel honored,” she smirked.
We finished the rest of our food then headed back to the room leaving the waiter with
twelve dollars. Somehow she had hit a switch that kept me talking. I told her more about my
life, the parts that I knew and remembered: Ms. Weston, Tanisha, her followers, the books I
read, the shows I watched, the boys I never dated, the games I never played, and the dances I
never attended. It was Kitty déjà vu.
“You own a house?!” Her eyes popped when I got to the story of how I got into
taking off my clothes for money.
“Yeah, what’s the big deal?”
“That’s huge! Why are you jumping from hotel to hotel when you have the deed to a
house?”
“I didn’t want to be in Kansas anymore. There was nothing there for me.”
“What’s ​here​ for you?”
“Money.”
“Is that all you care about?” The same question everybody asked warranted the same
answer.

“What else is there to care about in a world full of liars and cheats?”
“Ms. Weston was one person. There are good people in the world. Kitty was an
example of that.”
“And she was taken away from me.”
“I’m sure she didn’t want to leave you, Kelli.”
I shivered at the sound of my birth name and it must have shown on my face.
“Did I say something wrong?”
“I’m just not used to anyone using my government name. I haven’t answered to it
since I left Ms. Weston’s authority.”
“I won’t say it if it makes you uncomfortable.”
“I’m okay with it. Just please don’t say it in public.”
She laughed. “I won’t. So when is your next show?”
“Saturday.”
“Can I come?”
“You can go wherever you want. It’s a free country. If you’re comfortable around gay
people then by all means, have at it.”
“Gay people don’t bother me at all. I do have a lot of questions about them though.”
“Like what?”
“What’s it like?” She looked at me for the answer.
“Don’t ask me. I’ve only been a part of this lifestyle for a little under a year. I’m sure
there is more to it than what I can tell you.”
“Wait, you’ve only been gay for a few months?”
“You make it sound bad when you say it like that.”
She laughed. “You’re not really gay then.”
“Why do you say that?”
“In my experience with gay people, they almost always tell you what it is they love
about their lifestyle. If you don’t have a real appreciation for women then you aren’t really
gay.”
“I know I’m not straight and I do enjoy the sex.”
“You can enjoy sex with anyone when it’s done right.”
“So, you would have sex with a woman?”
“Probably. I’m not opposed to anything. You only get one life.” She shrugged.
“Freak.”
We both fell out laughing.

By midnight, Tasia and I lay face-to-face. Both Cream and Siren had silenced
themselves and I was Kelli once again. I was eighteen, nose wide open, and on a path to
nothing. I envied people who knew what their future could possibly look like. What I’d done
for money in clubs was nothing compared to the cool breeze of my naked emotions.
“I do wonder about a lot of things like where my nose and eyes come from. I wonder
if my parents gave me up or if I was taken away. My foster mother always promised to tell
me what she knew, but she withheld the information to keep me doing the things she wanted
me to do.”
“You loved her, didn’t you?”
“Almost.”
“Let’s talk about love. Have you ever loved anyone, romantically?”
I snarled. “Yeah, right. I don’t have a clue what that means and never really cared to
find out.”
“I don’t think that’s true. I think you’re looking for some kind of love and stability.”
“What’s so special about either one?”
“What? Is that a trick question? They’re both everything. Love adds so much to your
life. It’s like nothing else you’ll ever experience. And as a kid from the foster care system,
having something that’s constant, that’s stable, it just feels like peace..”
“I swear that sounds like something Kitty would have said.”
“Kitty was a smart woman.”
“She really was. She was like nobody I’d ever met before.”
“She’d be happy to know that you still take care of her brother.”
I lowered my eyes.
“You’re a good person too Kelli. This lifestyle that you hide behind… I don’t think
it’s who you are at all.”
“Sometimes, I don’t believe so either, but when people have always treated you like a
sex object, do you really have the option to be anything else?”
“I agree that you’re beautiful, but you have to be deeper than that. You have to be.”

T​wenty-four
“Is this what you do all day when you aren’t dancing?” Tasia asked.
“What?”
“Sleep!”
“What should I be doing?”
“Seriously? You’ve been to all these beautiful places and you don’t explore them?
This is the ‘A’ baby. There is plenty to get into.”
“You don’t see me lying here having the time of my life? I can turn on my side, put
my hands behind my head, reach for the remote.” I teased.
“Get up. I’m taking you somewhere.”
I didn’t argue. I got up and dressed. “You’re in a good mood for somebody who was
depressed for a full week straight.”
“Yeah, after finally getting some air yesterday, I feel new again. Nothing keeps me
down for too long.”
“Good.”
We left for wherever Tasia was taking me. I rode with my seat reclined and my feet
on her dashboard. I sat up when the car started to slow down. My mouth dropped and I was
overwhelmed with excitement as we pulled into Starlight Six—a drive in movie theater.
“This is a real life drive-in.”
“Yep, the only one in Atlanta.”
“How are we going to hear the movie?
“A radio channel. It plays through the speakers in the car.”
I was fascinated and for the first time I felt like a kid. I sat with my eyes glued to the
screen as ​Inception played. Tasia looked over at me every few minutes and I did the same to
her. She seemed to be getting a kick out of the fact that I’d never seen a movie on screen
before.
She kept checking her phone while we watched the movie and her expression would
change. ​He’s not coming back and he won’t call w
​ as my silent response.
After the movie, we headed back to the room.
“Did you enjoy it?” She asked.
“Yeah, that was pretty cool.”

“Right? See, there is more to the world than clubs.”
“Yeah, that requires me to spend money though.”
“You didn’t think it was worth it?”
I thought about it for a moment. “Yeah, it was worth it.”
“Good. Hey, let’s not go back to the room yet. Let’s go to the mall.”
“For what?”
“Nothing. We can just look around.”
“The purpose of the mall is to buy things .”
“Not all the time. I go to get style ideas. You want to go or not?”
“We can go.”
Tasia rerouted for the mall and when we got there, it was packed. She took me to the
exact same mall that Payton had taken me to. We walked from store to store, putting together
outfits and talking about people who clearly had no sense of fashion.
After we got tired of walking, we went to the food court and rested.
“Can I ask you a question?” Tasia queried.
“Uh huh.”
“What’s with the name changes?”
“Funny you ask that.” I laughed. “I used to be a femme.”
“A femme?”
“Yeah, I dressed and acted like you.”
“Okay, sooo what are you now?”
“A stud.”
She laughed. “Are you kidding me. What the hell is that?”
“Me, I guess. The girl I came here with told me this look suited me better .”
“Hmm, I think you’d look good either way. You have very unique features. A lot of
people can’t flip-flop like that and pull it off. I can definitely see you in makeup. You should
let me do your face.”
“You can.” I smiled.
“Even though you look good the way you are, the baggy clothes thing is kind of
played out.”
“You don’t like what I have on?” I looked down at my oversized jeans and t-shirt.
“If you were going for the corner-boy look then I’d feel you, but, uh, for who you are
and what you do, it doesn’t work.”
“You have something else in mind?”
“Let’s go.” Tasia stood from the table and we rejoined the crowd.

We walked in and out of men’s and women’s clothing stores. Taisa completely undid
Payton’s styling efforts . She actually let me decide what I liked and didn’t like and by the
end of the day, I even had a favorite color—yellow.
I left the mall with at least twelve bags.
“You mind telling me why you walk around with $2,000 dollars on you?”
“I don’t have a bank card and you never know what could happen.” I said as we
headed to the car.
“You could get robbed, that’s what could happen.”
“Wouldn’t be the first time. I was robbed when I first started dancing back in
Kansas.”
“You say it like it’s okay.”
“What can I do about it? It happened. He didn’t kill me, just took the measly three
hundred I was walking around with.”
“You are a strange person” She started laughing but stopped abruptly. Her eyes
bulged. I looked up to see what she was focused on. Fred and Lottie were hand-in- hand,
moving in our direction, happy as could be at the expense of Tasia’s heart.
I placed my hand on her back. “Come on. They deserve each other.”
Her feet moved reluctantly and she kept her eyes on the two people who’d broken her.
They spotted her and started to walk slower .
All three of them knew that they weren’t ready to confront each other again. The
wounds were still too fresh. Fred and Lottie alternated through cars and I dragged Tasia in
the opposite direction.
“You okay?” I asked once we made it to her car.
“I will be. It’s just hard. That man told me that he loved me for years. He did
everything for me. He pretended to be so excited about marrying me and this whole time, it
was all a lie.”
“You aren’t going to go back to the room and start this depressed stage all over again,
are you?”
She shook her head no.
“Good, because we have things to do.” She kept her head down. “Tasia, look at me.”
She looked up. “I’ve told you my secrets and I know you have trust issues right now, but
know that I won’t let you drown, okay? We’ll tread water together. If one sinks, so will the
other.”
She forced a smile and nodded her head in agreement.
“Stop blinking,” Tasia said as she attempted to line my eyes.

I agreed to let her color on my face just to keep her mind off of her low-life ex-fiance
and her backstabbing ex-best friend. We stopped at a store and she purchased stupid board
games and junk food.
“Remember when I asked you about love?” She asked me.
“Yeah.”
“Think you’ll ever love someone?”
“I’m not sure. You think you’ll ever love again?”
“I know I will,” She said confidently .
“How are you so sure?”
“I’m just built that way. No matter what happens to me , I need to love.”
“Even after what your fiancé did?”
“Even after him. It was messed up, but when it was good, it was the best.”
“It was a lie. You said it yourself.”
“Lies feel so good. You have to go through it to understand. What you don’t know,
truly can’t hurt you. He may not have loved me, but I loved him and that alone keeps my
conscience clear and keeps me capable of loving. I did what I was supposed to do. I’m not
the broken one, he is. I just deserve better.”
“I want to be like you when I grow up,” I teased and we both laughed. Tasia was
someone who was irreplaceable . “You know what I just thought about?” I said.
“What?”
“I told you stuff about me and you didn’t really return the favor, other than telling me
about being adopted.”
“Oh, what do you want to know?”
“The basics are good.”
“Well, my birthday is July 10​th​.”
“Keep going.”
“All right. My favorite color is purple,” she said and then paused. “This just feels
really juvenile.” She smiled.
“How?”
“I don’t know. I feel like this is a conversation I’d be having on the phone at thirteen.”
“It’s okay to be a little juvenile sometimes. I find myself being that way often since I
grew up so quickly. That nostalgia that you feel with this conversation… I don’t feel it. I
didn’t gossip on the phone, go to dances, chase boys, and all that.”
“Why are you a stripper, Kelli?” She asked, dropping her makeup brush and hands
from my face.
“What do you mean?”

“I’ve listened to you speak every day. You are clearly intelligent. I mean, who says
words like nostalgia?” she laughed. “You are clearly intellectual when you’re not secretive.
Is there something else that you wanted to be when you grew up ?”
I looked her in her eyes. “You want to talk about dreams now?”
“I do. Tell me.” She leaned closer.
I took a breath. “I wanted to be a foster parent, once upon a time. There was this little
girl that Ms. Weston received when she got rid of the girl I had a problem with. She was only
six months and her parents had beaten her and thrown her against a wall. It was the first time
I could remember crying. I-I just wanted to take care of her. Her real parents had the nerve to
fight to get her back. It was sickening. I wanted to be a parent to kids who didn’t ask to be in
this world, but were here anyway. Children who thought it was their fault that their lives
were miserable.”
“Children like you?” She asked.
“And you.”
We looked away from one another.
“So, why didn’t you follow that path?” She spoke to get the pink elephant out of the
room.
“My path was chosen for me.”

T​wenty-five
As the weeks went on, she came to my shows. She even helped me get booked for
more parties. She’d replaced Payton and didn’t ask for fifteen percent. She figured it was the
least she could do since she was practically living off of me. It didn’t bother me in fact, I’d
never even suggested that she should leave .
Tasia showed me her city: the good, the bad, and the ugly.
We visited sex shops, where I got to see her kinky side. She pointed out handcuffs
and sex swings and named all of the things that she wanted to try. Some of it made me blush
and I realized how much more I still had to learn about sex.
Six flags was next on our agenda. I was a punk ass; afraid to get on any of the rides.
but After some convincing, I tried a few . The rides were fun but I got addicted to the bumper
cars and playing rip-off games for stuffed animals I’d never win. I did eventually get a little
Tweety Bird from shooting basketball. I went home with a framed picture of myself
screaming for dear life on a rollercoaster.
The Underground reminded me of the Riverwalk in New Orleans but with more
shops. I liked how dark it was inside and the fact that it was actually underground. That day,
we stumbled across a little festival that was happening in the open space next door. We
listened to music and purchased unnecessary things from booths.
We drove past the Georgia Dome, visited the zoo and aquarium, and walked
Centennial Olympic Park.
But even after all of that, it was the King Center National Historic Site that took my
breath away. We visited Martin Luther King’s birthplace, Ebenezer Baptist church, and his
tomb. I’d never had so much respect for one person until that day. I left overwhelmed and in
tears.
It touched me so much that I wrote to Corey about it. It made me want to help him
fight harder for his appeal. I wanted to make a difference.
“You all right over there?” Tasia asked as I sat at the desk writing to Corey.
“Yeah.”
“Just making sure. You haven’t said much since we left the museum.”
“I know. That was just a lot to take in.”
“You weren’t taught black history in school?”

“They taught us what they wanted us to know.”
I was an emotional wreck that entire day. I couldn’t help but think about what was
happening
between Tasia and I. I felt haunted by her, and not in the creepy
“Iseedeadpeople” kind of way. But in the “your spirit will always live on” kind of way. I sat
and watched her as she walked back and forth in our room.
I said “our”.
She tousled her hair, pulling it up into a messy bun, then she flopped down on the bed
and opened her laptop. Tasia meant more to me than I realized; I finally got it.
She was always on my mind, from her smile to her voice. When I shopped, I found
myself looking at things I thought she’d like and sometimes, I’d get them for her. Somehow,
I was finding happiness in her happiness.
I wondered if that was what it felt like to belong to somebody. I started to change how
I conducted myself; backing out of gigs with women I’d slept with. That included not
returning to Baltimore and Miami because I knew that Ana and Gabriella lived in those
places. I knew that I’d have sex with them and for some reason I didn’t really care to sleep
with them anymore.
When I had local shows, I needed to see Tasia in the crowd. If I didn’t see her right
away, I got angry. Then I got upset at myself for being angry for no damn reason.
I could say that I loved her, but I wasn’t exactly sure what that feeling entailed. I
knew what it meant to love someone as a friend or as a family member, but romantically? I
had no clue. How was I even worthy of such a feeling?
Get it together, Cream. Get it together.
I couldn’t keep this to myself. I added to the letter that I wrote to Corey. I told him
about Tasia and the resemblance she had to Kitty. I convinced myself that my vulnerability
with her was only because of the fact that she looked so much like someone I truly cared
about. What other reason could there be? Corey would either think I was sick or tease me.
“Uh, Kelli. I think you should look at this.”
“What is it”
“Come read it.”
I sat my ink pen down on my desk, took Tasia’s laptop and sat down.
“No this bitch didn’t.” I said.
“Who is that?”
I reread the comment under my YouTube video , then clicked on the account that it
belonged to. It was exactly who I thought it was. Payton was going under all of my videos
and saying that I had an STD. And I quote, “I don’t know why people even go crazy about
this bitch. She isn’t all of that. She fucks anything that walks and she’s not that good at it.”

Payton had taken down her picture but forgot to remove the old videos of me dancing.
So much for being anonymous. I happily replied.
“You aren’t going to entertain that are you?” Tasia asked.
“Watch me.”
I didn’t hold back as I let everybody know that she was a trick and if I had an STD,
then she gave it to me. I told the whole story; explained why she was bitter, and handed the
laptop back to Tasia.
“Was she your previous manager?” Tasia asked as she read the comment I posted.
“Yeah, that’s her.”
“Wow, she’s really mature.”
“Can you believe she goes to Spelman?”
“Acting like this?”
“Exactly.”
“Well, I don’t think she will have anything else to say after this.” Tasia laughed.
“She’s just a spoiled bitch. She’s not used to being told no.”
“I’m staying out of that. I have shows to book. You still don’t want me to respond to
this Gabriella chick?”
My chest tightened. I didn’t know what it was, but suddenly I felt the need to go to
Florida. “Tell her I’ll do the show.”

T​wenty-six
I dreamed I was making love to a faceless woman. It felt so real. I knew that it was a
dream, but my body reacted to it outside of my slumber. Tasia was lying beside me.
The dream came alive to me I shifted in my sleep. I rolled over to where Tasia laid
and slid my hands beneath the t-shirt that she wore. I fondled her nipple until it hardened. I
heard her moan, thinking it was the woman in my dream.
“Kelli,” she whispered and I pulled her closer, pressing my lips to her neck and doing
to her all the things that I did to this woman in my sleep. I never opened my eyes and Tasia
never stopped me.
“Kelli,” she whispered again as my fingers crept down between the warmth of her
thighs and slid between the crease of her lips.
“What are you doing?” she whisper-moaned and I fondled her clit. “Kelli, wake up.”
She reached for me.
It was her cold hand to the back of my neck that made me realize what I was doing. I
opened my eyes and it was too late to stop now. Tasia bit down on her bottom lip.
“I’ve never done this before.” She said.
Her words excited me and I now understood what Payton felt when she learned that
I’d never been touched.
Although I knew that Tasia was not a virgin , I was turned on by the fact that I’d be
the first woman. I should have stopped myself, but I couldn’t. The begging in her eyes kept
me there.
“Kiss me.” She whispered.
Fully aware now, I sat up and straddled her.. Our breathing collided. I looked down
and she looked up. I knew that if I did this, things wouldn’t be the same in the morning, but
I’d already gone so far. Payton was the first person I kissed, but my heart didn’t pound the
way it was now. . Kissing wasn’t my thing. I wasn’t even sure I was that good at it since my
experience level was at one. But who was I to say no to ​her.​
I almost—just almost—removed myself, but she reached up and her hands melted
against me; they seemed native to my skin, unlike the women who touched me before. I
knew they were temporary. I knew they’d never be ​mine​. In that one gesture, I could tell the
difference between her welcoming touch and theirs. Other women pulled at me with lust.

They weren’t gentle. They didn’t take their time and they damn sure didn’t care how I felt.
They just wanted me to get into their sacred place, learn enough to please them, and get out,
but not Tasia. According to the longing in her expression, she wanted me to go in and stay
for as long as we both could take it.
She bent her neck, slightly, meeting me halfway and waiting for me to meet her
request.
I lowered my lips to her lips and got drunk off her kiss. I followed her lead, sucking at
her bottom lip when she sucked on my top, then we’d trade.
Shit.
Dammit.
Cream, stop yourself right now. Right now! But it feels so damn good.
I was at war with myself. I pulled away.
“I can’t do this to you. You aren’t gay.” I whispered. I needed an excuse. But she
wouldn’t let me have one.
“You aren’t either, remember?” She smiled.
“Yes I am.”
“Then come appreciate me.” She said, tugging at my t-shirt and pulling it over my
head. She was right about what she’d said before. I’d never appreciated a woman before. I
recognized their beauty and used them, but I never saw them as people who, like me, could
easily be broken, needed love, time, and attention.
Didn’t care about the curve of their lips, the batting of their eyes, the time they took to
dress themselves. I paid no mind to the softness of their hands, the scent of their hair and
body, the hardness of their nipples, or the taste of their breath. I ignored the gentleness of
their words, the kindness of their hearts, and sometimes the invisibility of their pride.
Women were unique creatures. Lovable ones. I decided to make up for my lack of
appreciation of all women in that moment, on that night.
I took appreciation literally. I appreciated her breasts, sucking them one by one,
squeezing them in my hands. I appreciated her fingers, her ears, her neck, her shoulders, her
stomach, the inside of her navel, the heaving of her chest, the tremor of her body, the heat of
her insides, and the crease where her vagina and her thighs met.
Most of all, I appreciated her pussy. I appreciated it so much that I wrapped my
mouth around it, pulled at the skin and tickled the hardness in the middle with my tongue. I
appreciated it until she came all over the bed.

T​wenty-seven
The person I was and the person I was becoming, clashed after that night of sex, no,
lovemaking, no, sex with Tasia.
I found myself living two different lives. During the week, I was a door-opening,
pillow-talking, cuddling, relationship type stud. On the weekends, I was a hoe.
Tasia clung to me and it felt like a relationship was emerging .
There were dinner dates, more movie trips, and hand-holding, which I tried to avoid
by pretending my palms were sweaty. She would kiss me randomly. Nothing obscene, just a
peck here and there on the lips, neck, or cheek, but she would do it often.
I had to get away.
Gabriella booked me once again in Miami, and like usual, after the show, we went
back to her place. I needed to do this to keep myself from whatever it was that Tasia had over
me. Now I remembered why I needed to say yes to this event. To me, this was keeping
myself balanced between loving and not.
Love would have stopped me, right?
“You already know what I want, Gabriella said, biting her lip and backing up to her
bed.
I dropped the jeans to expose the new strap that I was wearing ; one-hundred and
fifty dollars for a damn toy. I was going to make every penny worth it, right between her
legs.
“Turn around and bend over.” I commanded and like a good girl, she did what she
was told.
“I want all of it, Papi.”
“And you’ll get it,” I said, moving closer, then inserting the tip of it inside of her.
“Mmmm,” she moaned and I instantly felt that what I was doing was wrong. I felt like
I was cheating on Tasia.
I shook it off and kept on going, closing my eyes and focusing on Gabriella.
“Fuck me, Kelli.”
“What did you just call me?” I paused.
“Cream. Now keep going.”

I pumped slowly, but I knew I heard my name. How would she even know it? I eased
out and pushed her down on the bed, making her lie on her back, so that I could get on top.
All I did was blink my eyes and Gabriella morphed into Tasia. Reaching for me, pulling my
body onto hers, locking her fingers with mine and lifting her neck a little to meet me
halfway for a kiss. I pushed her in her face.
“What is wrong with you?” Gabriella sat up.
“I-I-don’t know.”
“You wiggin’ for real.”
“I’m sorry.” I said.
“Are you not into this? Because if you’re not, I can take you back to your room.”
“I’m good. Let’s do this.”
I wasn’t good, but I dared not have a woman telling anybody that I didn’t deliver. I
held my head up, pushed her knees to her chest and gave her what she wanted. A good
beating. Images of Tasia still plagued me, but I tried my damnedest to shake them off and
keep on going until Gabriella came.
I thought it would stop with her, but it didn’t. The back and forth continued and I tried
to split myself in two. I was going crazy. Every woman was Tasia. I had clearly crossed a
line with her that I shouldn’t have, and now I had to deal with the consequences.
“What are you thinking about?” Tasia asked as we lay in bed. Her arm was wrapped
around me but I was facing the wall .
“Nothing.”
“You have to be thinking about something.”
“Nope, nothing.”
“Absolutely nothing? Or you just don’t want to share?”
Option two. “U
​ m, I have a song stuck in my head.” I lied.
“What song is it?”
“Usher, Hot Tottie.”
She giggled. “Why that song?”
“I’m trying to picture myself doing a show to it.”
“It has a hot beat. I think you’d kill it. Now tell me what’s really on your mind.” Her
tone changed. I hoped she didn’t feel my heart jump.
“What makes you think that’s not it?”
“Kelli, you put a pillow between us when you got in the bed and you haven’t really
touched me, in that way, since the first time we had sex. Was I bad at it? Tell me something.”
“Take your foot off my neck. Why does something have to be bothering me? Can't I
just have some quiet moments. Who pays attention to all that shit anyway?”

“Wow.” Tasia took a deep breath I assumed to gather herself. It was my guilty
conscience that made me overreact, but I couldn’t tell her that.
“Can you just say what’s on your mind? I can’t fix whatever it is if you don’t talk to
me.” She pushed.
“Just drop it.”
Tasia pulled her arms from my body and replaced the pillow that was originally there,
giving me the space that I needed. I closed my eyes and dozed off to sleep.

T​wenty-eight
Tasia was only angry for that night. She went back to her loving self the very next
morning, but me, I still strayed. I was trying to disconnect myself from this confusion, this
internal source of bewilderment.
A few weeks later, she tried again.
“You want to talk about what happened?” Tasia asked as I packed my bags to dance
in Vegas for the weekend.
I shook my head no.
“Did I do something wrong?”
“Tasia, no.”
“I’m not trying to agitate you. I’m just curious since you’ve been tip-toeing around
me. Something has been wrong for weeks. I just ignored it, but I can’t anymore. I don’t
like—”
“Look, I’m just not used to this, okay?”
“Used to what?”
“Feeling like I’m in a relationship. I feel like since we had sex, now you expect
something more from me.”
“Did I ever hint at wanting more?”
“No.”
“Okay then, why are you assuming? I know you’ve never been committed before,
Kelli. Shit, up until a few months ago, I couldn’t even get you to sleep in the bed. It wasn’t
marriage, it was sex. I’m not some needy idiot that assumes because somebody fucks me that
we’re in love. You could give me more credit.”
“You may not have said it, but you suggest it everytime you cuddle up next to me or
reach for my hand when we walk out in public. You’ve been doing it for the last two weeks.”
“I can’t be affectionate?”
“You weren’t doing it before.”
She rolled her eyes and grabbed her car keys. “I’ll meet you at the car.” Tasia left the
room and slammed the door behind her.
I could have been exaggerating. It was Payton that had me all messed up. I grabbed
my bag and went down to the car where Tasia sat with her sunglasses on, tapping her thumb

against the steering wheel. The music was low at first, but when I got in and attempted to
apologize, she turned up the volume and pulled off.
Usually when Tasia dropped me off at the airport, she would park in the garage and
walk with me all the way to security. That day, she dropped me off and didn’t look my way.
“See you when you get back.” She said and pulled off. I didn’t want her pissed at me,
but I knew it was my fault for making her actions more than what they were.
My flight from Atlanta to Vegas was four hours and four minutes. The time difference
between the two made it seem like the clock only moved for an hour. I slept every second.
One of the promoters for the event was already at the airport waiting for me. I’d also had sex
with her the last time I was there and, from the look on her face as I approached, she had the
same expectation.
Before, I’d be all over her. But this time something was different. I didn’t lust for her
at all. Yvette was a beautiful femme that shared the same complexion as me: chocolate that
melted in your mouth and not in your hand. She wore her hair short in the same style as
Meagan Good. She was petite, which made her easy to toss around a bedroom.
“You look well rested.” Yvette smiled.
“I slept the entire flight.”
“You want to come back to my place or go straight to your room?” She asked. From
the way she phrased the question, I could tell she was hoping I would go back to her place.
“I just want to chill in my room.”
“That’s cool.” She said, her tone dripping with disappointment.
She dropped me off and every hour on the hour, she texted me to see if I needed
anything. I figured she was checking to see if I changed my mind about leaving my room. I
planned on doing my show and bringing my ass back to Atlanta.
I lay in the hotel bed with my hands behind my head, looking up at the ceiling. I
wanted to get Tasia off of my mind, but there was no way that I could. It bothered me that I
left while she was angry with me.
I pushed myself up from the bed and walked over to the mirror. I started to talk to
myself. “Get over yourself.” I said then lightly slapped the side of my face.
A part of me wanted to give in to whatever Tasia was offering and the other half of
me knew that I just needed to run. It was another city that I’d spent way too much time in. I
didn’t want another person in my life that could be taken away from me like Kitty was.
I dug into my pocket and texted Yvette. I needed to disconnect from the world for a
little while and I could get that between her legs. She would get her wish.

Calling Yvette was much more than I bargained for. She returned to my hotel with
three other girls in the car with her, all hungry for me. I got in and asked no questions.
Clothes flew off the moment we walked through the door. The girls passed bottles of
liquor around, not bothering to drink from cups.
One of them walked over to me and stood behind me, rubbing her hands down my
chest. I didn’t have an attraction to her at all, but I’d already decided to fuck them all,
including her.
She pulled my earlobe into her mouth then traced it with her tongue. “You want a
drink?”
“No, I’m good.” I said, watching as another girl walked over to the stereo and turned
on a CD.
“Cream, come over here,” Yvette said and patted the couch pillow beside her. I joined
her.
She ran her hands across the crotch of my jeans and, in seconds, shit turned
pornographic. Yvette rode my strap while I fingered another girl. The other two 69’d on the
floor.
They all took turns getting a feel of me then Yvette got bossy. She still wanted special
attention even though company was her idea. She bent over the sofa and I gave her the
attention she craved while one of her friends kissed and licked all over my back.
Each of them waited for me to make them cum and I did just that, making them all
pass out one by one. The only one that was still awake when we were done was Yvette. That
girl never got tired. She was satisfied though.
She went to her room and retrieved a robe and we both went into the kitchen. She
grabbed two bottles of water from the fridge and handed one to me.
“My body needed that,” Yvette said and sat down at the table. “Who taught you how
to use a strap like that?”
“I was a natural.”
“You keep doing that and I’ll have to move you here and wife your ass.”
I snapped my head in her direction.
“You the kind of stud that girls fall in love with.” She winked.
“Girls don’t know anything about me.”
“What do they need to know when you put it down the way you do. You definitely
fuck as good as you dance.” She smiled.
“Is that all femmes care about?” I asked, sounding foreign to myself.
“No, but it’s definitely a huge part. Well, at least to me.”
I got up from the bed and began dressing. “Can you take me back to my room?”
“You can get dressed for the show here.”

“I think I’m just going to cancel and go to the airport.”
“What?”
“You heard me.”
“You can’t do that.”
“I can and I am. You’ve probably had every stud entertainer you booked digging in
your shit.”
“Excuse me?”
“You got a hearing problem or something? It’s broads like you that make women like
Tasia work overtime.”
“Who is Tasia? What the fuck are you talking about?”
I grabbed my things and headed for the door. I just wanted to lash out at somebody,
anybody.
I looked around at the other girls sprawled out on the floor and wondered what made
me any different from them.
In my mind… not a damn thing.
I had to pay close to four hundred dollars just to get on the next flight to Atlanta. On
top of the forty I paid for a taxi since Yvette was still cussin’ me out and refused to take me
anywhere.
I didn’t bother to call Tasia to pick me up from the airport. I called Edwin and he was
more than happy to return me to my room since he hadn’t seen me in awhile.
Tasia was in bed when I walked through the door. I debated joining her, but then I
figured it was best to just leave her alone—for good. I’d never be anything more than who I
was; lost. I pulled out a sheet of paper and used the light from my cell phone to write her a
letter. I dug around in the bottom of my bag for the cash I vowed to never spend. I always
said I was saving it for something and this had to be what I was saving it for. Tasia could use
it more than I could . It was close to ten-thousand dollars. I walked over to the nightstand
and sat it down with the letter. As I walked closer, she turned over in the bed.
“Read it to me.”
“Huh?” I said, stalling.
“The runaway letter you just sat beside me. Read it to me.”
I stood and I swallowed the lump that formed in my throat. I turned to face Tasia and
she sat up . All I could see in the dark room was her silhouette.
“You just want to walk out on me, Kelli?”
I was frozen.
“I know what happened in Vegas. Yvette wasted no time sending you a hate email.
I’m not mad. Did you do that because you thought I’d react? You do know that I’d never try
to change you, don’t you?”

“That wasn’t the reason.”
“I understand your actions. Cream’s actions, Siren’s actions, Kelli’s actions… I know
your bag is packed and you’re ready to leave and if that’s what you want to do, I won’t stop
you. I do want to tell you something though. I was just like you. I kept losing people I loved.
I wondered why my parents never loved me, never wanted me. I buried my past and my pain
and every chance that I got, I disappeared. I had to realize, for myself, that that was just life.
We are all dealt a hand of cards. And you and me? We got the fucked up deck.”
Kitty did too, ​I thought.
“But we have a choice, Kelli. I refused to be a victim of my circumstances and blame
everybody but myself for my unhappiness. Yes, a man cheated on me and left me for my best
friend, but it led me right here to you. That made the pain worth it, or at least I thought it did.
This might make you run full speed ahead, but I love you, Kelli Coursey. Not Siren or
Cream, but Kelli, the person that you showed me and no one else. The person that you keep
fighting.”
The mattress squeaked and I knew that she stood up.
“How can you ever truly find your identity if you won’t even accept your name? I
won’t let you drown. Remember that?”
I could hear her tears forming. I was happy that I couldn’t see her face. For the first
time, I actually cared. I cared that it was my fault that someone other than me was hurting. I
couldn’t play the victim here. I sent the signals, gave her pieces of me, then tried to take
them back. It wasn’t fair.
I squeezed the strap of my bag, hoping that if I applied pressure somewhere else, it
delay my own tears. I wanted to respond, but I knew myself. Even if I did stay, one day, I’d
leave and she’d be destroyed. It was better to get it over with . I stepped backwards, pivoted
and then headed for the door. It wasn’t even latched completely before I fell to my knees and
broke down crying. I pressed my back against the door and the tears I had been holding in
twenty-one years, soaked my face. I banged my fist against the floor and my head against the
door.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” I cried as everything that ever affected me attacked me all at once,
making me a blubbering mess. The door eased opened behind me and Tasia’s arms wrapped
around me.
“Shhhhh,” she said, consoling me. I turned and curled into her and just like that my
mind changed. I was going to stay.
Kitty told me this would happen. She said love would hit me.

T​wenty-nine
​

That next weekend, I prepared for my show in Atlanta. Tasia sat on the bed in
leggings and a bra, sifting through emails. Things were still heavy between us, but whatever
it was we shared, it was deep.
“That can wait until tomorrow. Get dressed.” I said.
“I think you need to read this.” She said, a look of concern took over her face.
“If it’s another comment from Payton just delete it and block her.”
“Kelli. Come. Read.” She turned the laptop to face me and I walked over to the bed.
From:rawentertainment@gmail.com
To:bookingsforcream@yahoo.com
Wassup Siren,
I mean, Cream. I see you going by a new name now. I found you on YouTube. Don’t ask me
what I was searching for, because I’m not even sure. Anyway, this is Barry. My mama died
three months ago and I’ve been trying to find a way to contact you . You meant it when you
said you were going to fall off the face of the Earth. My mama left a package for you. I know
she wasn’t your favorite person, but she marked this as a priority and made me promise that
you’d get it. If you can just send me an address, I’ll be sure to get it to you. I’ll overnight it to
kill some of the anticipation. I hope you’re doing well for yourself wherever you are. I have
no doubt that you’re fine. Any man would pay top dollar just for your company.
Hope to hear from you soon,
Barry Weston
What the hell could she possibly have for me? ​I hit the response key, keeping the
message short and sweet. I’m fine yada-yada and this is my address. Tasia watched me
curiously.
“What do you think it is?” She asked.

“Who knows. Knowing that woman, it could be a bomb consideringI kept that deed
for so many years.
She laughed. “I doubt she’d wait this long to blow you up.”
“Why not? She’d get away with it since she passed.”
“True,” she cracked up. “I’m going get dressed.”
Tasia and I pulled up to the club. We hopped out and walked in holding hands . I
didn’t complain so much about her affection. I still haven’t been able to say those three
words but I was coming around and dealing with the permanence of my feelings. I had to
admit that Tasia looked good walking beside me. It was almost as if we were made for each
other, only time would tell.
She released my hand once inside and I headed to the back to get dressed. My show
that night was dedicated to Tasia. I didn’t care if I made a single dollar.
Showing my affection to Tasia so openly actually had the opposite effect once my
show started. I grinded against her, kissing her every now and then and mouthing the lyrics
against her lips. She smiled the whole time. As I walked in a circle around her, I noticed eyes
on me.
Payton stood with her arms across her chest and her eyes directly on me, making sure
she didn’t miss a move. ​Aw shit, bring on the drama. ​I tried my damndest not to look in her
direction for the rest of the performance, but she made sure that I knew she was watching.
She rolled her eyes and moved wherever I went.
Once the music stopped, I changed and rejoined Tasia. We stood towards the back of
the club, drinks in hand and laughing. Payton took it upon herself to stay within five to ten
feet of us for the remainder of the night. She had a knock-off version of me walking behind
her and falling at her feet. I assumed she was breaking her off too.
“Do you know her?” Tasia asked.
“That’s Payton.”
“No wonder she keeps giving us the eye.”
“She’ll be all right. Spoiled heifer just mad because she finally found something in
life that she can’t buy.”
Tasia and I laughed.
We stayed until the club closed, dancing to the few slow songs that played. Tasia was
a little tipsy when we left.
“Cream!” A voice yelled as we headed to the car in the lot.
I swung around, already aware of who it was. I knew she was going to have to say
something to me. Her flunky of a stud was right behind her.
“Long time.” She said.
“Yeah.”

“How you been?”
“Better.”
She looked Tasia up and down. “You should come visit me sometime.”
“I’ll pass on that.”
“Damn, why all the attitude?”
“Look Payton, I just want to go home. I’m not in the mood for drama. I don’t know
why you’re standing here like I didn’t know it was you commenting on my shit online.”
“ Wow. I pay to get you here, put you on in the community and I can’t even come say
hello without you thinking I’m trying to start something? And that comment was old. I didn’t
even respond again.”
“Yeah, because there was nothing else to be said. What do you want, Payton?”
“To be acknowledged. You seem to have forgotten who made you.”
“Made me?”
“Yeah, ​made you​. I bought your clothes, drove you around—”
“You can kill all that noise.” I held my hand up in her face. “I was taking care of
myself long before you decided to be a trick. And everything you got me, I left right with
you. The shirt your girl has on sure does look familiar.”
“Well, you didn’t want it. And a trick?”
“Come on, Cream.” Tasia tugged at my arm, trying to diffuse what she saw as a
budding fight. I turned to leave with Tasia.
“What’s so special about her? Huh? Cream!”
“You think you can just disrespect me?” Was the last thing that I heard as I walked
away. The stud obviously felt some type of way and they started arguing in the parking lot as
we left.
Payton threw her shoe at the back of Tasia’s car and, for the third time, I gave kudos
to Tasia for being a woman and letting it fly.

T​hirty
Kelli,
I’m sure that I’m the last person you want to hear from, but when I go, I want to go with a
clear conscience. First, I’d like to apologize for what I did to you. I had no right to use you
the way that I did. I was an adult and I should have handled my own problems. You were
only a child. I understand why you left with the deed to my house. It took me years to admit
that I was selfish, but once I finally did, I felt free. Now with that said, I remember making
you a promise. I told you that I’d get you the truth about your parents. The files don’t tell you
everything, but I know someone who can. Your mother’s name is Minnie Coursey. I couldn’t
get a phone number for her, but her address is:
2865 Shepperton Terrace
Silver, Spring, MD 20904
I hope that you will use this information to fill in the holes of your life and find the same
peace that I did. Again, I am truly sorry.
Sincerely,
Terrilyn Weston
My hands shook as they held onto the piece of paper that held my identity, my
history. Tasia rubbed my back.
“What do you want to do?” She asked.
“What am I supposed to do with this?”
Tasia took the letter from my hands and placed it to the side. She grabbed my hands
and kneeled before me. “Whatever you decide to do, I’m behind you. If you want to toss this
and keep on living, I’m with you.”
“All my life I wanted answers, and now that I can get them, I can’t even think of the
questions I wanted to ask.”

“That’s no biggie. I’ll help you come up with some. I’ll do whatever you need me to
do.”
I huffed. “What if I go and she slams the door in my face?”
“That’ll be her loss.”
I squeezed Tasia’s hands and took several breaths. “I’m going.”
A smile stretched across her face. “When do you want to go?”
“Can you look up flights for tomorrow?”
“Seriously?”
“Yes. If I don’t do it now, then I won’t do it. And I need to ask you something.”
A look of worry took over. “What?”
“Will you come with me? As my girlfriend?”
I’d never seen a person switch expressions so quickly. She was shocked. “Do you
know what you’re asking?”
“I’m well aware. You told me to start living and stop existing, so help me. Do this
with me and be with me.”
“Kelli—”
“Only if you’re ready to commit again.” I looked her in her eyes, every part of me
shivering. “I love you.” I was terrified. I waited for her response and hoped that nothing
happened to her before we got the chance to really be together.
“If you want me you got me. I’ll go anywhere with you as your girlfriend .”
We kissed and she released my hands and retrieved her laptop.
I let Tasia do what she did best while my nerves got the best of me. ​Did I really want
to do this? What would I call her? Mom? Minnie? Ms. Coursey? She had my last name. Will
she look like me? Or, would I look like her since she’s older?​ The room was spinning.
All the times I did shows in Maryland, I never would have guessed my birth mother
resided there.
“Okay, I booked us two first class tickets, a room, and a rental.”
“How’d you get a rental? Don’t you have to be twenty-five for that?”
“Enterprise lets you rent under twenty-five, it’s just an extra twenty-five a day.”
“I don’t know if I can do this.”
“Think of it as a beginning. Whether this visit goes great or terribly wrong, you’ll
know which way to start your life.”
“I hope so.”
“Pack a bag. Our flight leaves at six in the morning.”

I didn’t sleep at all. I tossed and I turned while Tasia slept soundly. I was nervous. I
felt like I was sitting in a courtroom waiting for jurors to decide my fate. I needed that
not-guilty verdict and I needed it now.
I decided to force sleep and right as it had begun to kick in, the alarm on my phone
went off. It was four a.m. and we needed to get up. The Hartsfield-Jackson Airport was not
the airport you wanted to play around with.
We brushed our teeth and grabbed our bags. I didn’t care what people said about us
traveling in our pajamas. I had enough to think about.
Edwin was waiting outside. He took our bags and we were on our way.
“I was thinking…” Tasia said.
“Thinking about what?”
“How would you feel if we moved into an apartment when we got back? You don’t
have to answer now, just think about it.”
I nodded.
“Something else, too, but it doesn’t have anything to do with us.”
“What is it?”
“I’m thinking about going to school. You know getting a degree and a job. You can’t
take care of me forever.”
“Will that make you happy?”
“It would.”
“Then I have your back.”
Tasia smiled as if she had just gotten my permission rather than told me what she was
planning to do. Perhaps she needed validation.
“Are you nervous?”
“Yes, what’s with the rambling?”
“I don’t know. I guess I didn’t realize I needed to be prepared to support you. I might
have booked this too soon for the both of us.”
“Now you say something.”
“We can turn around.”
“And let over a thousand dollars go towards a credit? It’s too late for that.”
“Yeah, you’re right. I’ll be quiet now.”
I laughed. Her rambling was actually putting me at ease. I’d never seen her nervous
before.
Edwin pulled up to the airport and I thought, ​it’s now or never. In one hour and
thirty-nine minutes, I’d be close to the woman who birthed me and gave me up.

T​hirty-one
Silver Spring, Maryland
We checked in, retrieved our tickets, then went through security. Tasia was silent, but
she touched me every so often to make sure that I was okay.
I slept through the flight; a little rest was better than none. We picked up our rental
car and GPS’ed our way to our hotel. We checked in early and when I got to the room, I
didn’t want to leave.
“What is a decent time to visit someone’s house?” I asked.
“That’s a good question.”
“This is so screwed up.”
“Just get dressed.”
“What if she doesn’t like gay people?”
“Kelli, get dressed. We’ll have some breakfast and find a mall if you want to change.”
“I’m not changing for her!” I was agitated for no reason at all.
Tasia walked over to me and pulled me into her arms. “You need to relax.”
“I’m trying to. I just don’t know what I’m even doing here. What can she possibly tell
me that will make everything okay?”
“You never know and neither do I, but I do know you will pop a vein if you don’t
chill out.”
I got dressed and Tasia and I found a little place to eat in an area where everything
was written in Chinese. Even the McDonalds sign was in chinese, but you couldn’t miss
those golden arches.
After filling our bellies, it was time to follow the recorded voice on the GPS to my
mother’s house. ​My mother.
After damn near thirty minutes, maybe longer, we pulled up to a townhouse
community. Tasia parked and I looked around. A few kids were outside, but that was it.
“You want me to come with you?”

“No, I need to do this on my own.”
I told myself that I was ready several times, but I wasn’t. My legs didn’t want to move
when I opened the car door. My hands shook and my heart was like a judge’s gavel,
constantly being pounded against that little round piece of wood. I only wished it would
create order inside my body the way that gavel forced order in a court.
My feet were like bricks as I walked up a side alley where houses were lined with
bushes. A stud with long dreads stood on the steps, blowing out cigarette smoke.
“What up, youngin? You lost?”
“Yeah, I’m looking for 2865.”
“Turn left, right around that gate.” She pointed. “It’s should be the third gate to your
left.”
“Thanks.”
“No problem.” She said and watched me until I turned.
Just like she said, it was the third gate to my left. I pushed it and entered a tiny yard
with no grass. A small barbeque grill sat in a corner and a little table that should have been
on a patio took up seventy-five percent of the space.
I walked up to the door and held my fist up, still wondering if I should knock. I
could’ve made up a lie and told Tasia that she didn’t want to see me.
But I wasn’t a coward and I wouldn’t start being one now. I tapped on the door softly
at first, then my knocks got bold. I stepped back when I heard shuffling.
“I’m coming!” A woman yelled.
I heard two locks and the door eased open. I almost fainted and so did the exact
replica of myself when she looked at me . I didn’t even have to tell her who I was. Tears
started to fall from her eyes and she damn near fell on me, squeezing me so tightly that I
couldn’t breathe.
“Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus,” she chanted. Her tears soaked my collar and
before I realized it, my own were clouding my vision. She stood rocking me from side to
side, and for a moment, I thought we would stay there forever, just sniffing and blubbering. I
knew in that moment that she didn’t just hand me over to the state willy nilly.
She released me and wiped her eyes. “I’m so sorry. Please forgive me. I’m sure you
didn’t want a stranger hugging all on you like that. Come in. Only if you like.”
I followed her into her little townhouse. It was neat. A tall wooden cabinet with glass
doors sat against a wall and it was filled with crosses and decorated plates. A wooden table
sat in front of that with four chairs and place mats.
She had a television against the wall and a sofa in the corner just big enough for a nap
and some soap opera watching.
“Have a seat. Are you thirsty? Hungry?”

“I’m okay.” I said, drying my own tears.
We must have sat there for twenty whole minutes not saying a word. Neither of us
knew how to approach the other.
“Well, I know you have questions.”
“Only one.”
“What is it?”
“Why? Why you’d give me up?”
Her lip quivered and she couldn’t look me in the eyes.
“I was fifteen when I got pregnant with you. Your father was seventeen. Both of us
were foolish. We thought we’d run away and figure out how to feed you later.”
“Why would you run?”
“Kevin was white and I was black. There was no way in hell they’d let us live in
peace in a place like McComb, Mississippi.”
“So, I ​was​ born in the south.”
She nodded.
“How long was I there for?”
“Until you were seven months. It was a waiting game. Kevin made a deal with his
father that if you didn’t get any darker than the color you were born, we’d get to keep you. I
agreed to see what would happen, but something in me knew better.”
“What about your parents?”
“They weren’t having it. They said having a baby with a white man put all of us in
danger. After you were born, I gave you to Kevin and his parents and after seven months,
you were gone.” Her tears started to reform. “I begged them to tell me where you were and
they slammed the door in my face.”
“Who named me?”
“Kevin.”
A tear fell from my eye. They both wanted me. They loved me.
“I wish I could tell you more, but I don’t know anything else. Kevin’s father left the
state with you in tow and it was the last we saw of you. Last year, when some lady from
Kansas contacted me, I almost didn’t believe her. But here you are.” She smiled.
I couldn’t control my emotions. I let my face fall into my hands and the tears—that
seemed to come more frequently these days—flowed and flooded. I would never know the
whole story of how I got lost in the system, but at least I knew they wanted me.
“Where is my father?” I asked, choking on my tears.
She wiped her tears away and a faint smile reared. She reached for my hands and I
braced myself for bad news but instead she turned her head towards the stairs. “Kevin!” she
yelled. A tall man with my eyes and jawline lugged himself down the stairs. He wore a plaid

shirt and faded light blue jeans. He stopped midway, looked at Minnie, then at me, back at
Minnie, and then back at me again. His knees betrayed him and he used the wall to catch
himself.
Both of my parents were right there. ​Right there.
“Do you know who that is?” She asked.
He didn’t have much breath to speak with. “That’s… that’s my baby girl.”
He ran to me and they both held onto me for dear life. Unlike my mother, my father
was not timid. He held on to me like he’d known me for years. He kissed my face and
admired my features.
“How did you find us?” He asked.
“I didn’t. My foster mother did.”
“God bless her,” he said and grabbed my hand to hold it. “Sit down next to me.”
Tears still ran down his face, but he didn’t care. “My God you’re beautiful.”
“Are you hungry or anything? Did you travel a long way?” My mother asked.
“I’m okay. I came from Atlanta.”
“All alone?” She asked.
“No, my girl…” I hesitated, “…friend is outside in the car.”
“You left her outside? Go get her. Let us meet her.”
I smiled and wiped my eyes. My father stood when I stood, still holding my hand. I
smiled at him and he walked with me to retrieve Tasia. He refused to let me out of his sight.
Tasia joined us inside and fell into the crying fest as my parents told me more of their
story.
“Your father and I lived in two different neighborhoods. My daddy worked for his in
a lumber yard. I was only thirteen when I first met him. He was fifteen and he did some work
at his daddy’s yard on the weekends.” She still smiled when she talked about him, like he
wasn’t even in the room. “He was always nice to me. Bought me sodas and candy from the
vending machines with his labor money and told me silly race jokes about white people. It
was funnier coming from a white boy. It wasn’t until I was fifteen that he made a move on
me, obviously.” She laughed.“By then I had grown up a bit and developed in grown-up
places.”
Tasia reached for my hand and smiled as she listened and squeezed my fingers.
“I was walking home from school and his daddy had gotten him a new pick-up for his
seventeenth birthday. Kevin offered me a ride home when he passed me walking up the road.
Me and my daddy had a fight earlier that morning. I don’t what we fought about , but I
didn’t want to go home. Kevin took me to a park and we sat in his truck listening to music,
going back and forth between his music taste and mine. We both liked a little bit of the

others’ genre. The more we talked, the more we realized we had a lot in common, even
though we were different skin tones. Kevin, you can jump in whenever you’re ready.”
“You’re telling the story just fine.” He smiled.
Both of them still had southern accents and it made me laugh.
“Well, fine. Anyways, Kevin wasn’t shy about what he wanted. He asked me if I
thought he would be too old for me and I told him no since my daddy was ten years older
than my mama. He thought I wouldn’t be able to handle a mature relationship and what
mature people did until I kissed him first to shut him up.”
“Had you kissed anyone before him, Mrs. Coursey?” Tasia asked.
“Yes, this boy named Melvin. It was gross.” She laughed.
“Yeah, because it wasn’t me.” Kevin boasted.
“Whatever.” She swatted his shoulder.“Kevin was the last boy I kissed.”
“How did you two get to stay together?” I asked, now ready to skip the gushy details
and get down to the nitty-gritty.
Kevin decided to answer that question. “Well, after my daddy took you away and
didn’t return with you, he and I fought every day. I needed to find a way to make a living, so
he couldn’t run my life anymore. I went down to the recruiting office and joined the military
as soon as I turned eighteen. Your mama cried her eyes out, but it was the only way. The
military kept me away for a year. And the year after that, her daddy kept us apart. Once
Minnie turned eighteen, I took her away in the middle of the night. We drove until we
couldn’t anymore. We had to get out of the south. I had a little money, so I got us a place in
Kentucky, but we didn’t like it there either. We drove all the way here and made ourselves a
living and a home.”
“Do you talk to your parents?” I asked Minnie.
“My mother visits and my daddy passed away.”She said.
“My parents shut me out the day I joined the military.” Kevin said.
“You don’t regret it?” I asked.
Kevin shook his head no. “Looking at you, it was the best decision I ever made.”
There were the tears again.
“I’m so happy you found us,” Minnie cried. “Shoot, all this crying done made me
hungry. Let’s go out and celebrate. My baby’s home!”

We sat down to eat at Copper Canyon Grill. I pulled out twenty singles and handed
them to Tasia for her to stack neatly in the middle of the table. My parents looked at one
another with confused faces.
“You don’t have to tip until after the meal.” Kevin said.

I laughed. “It’s something Tasia does when we go out.”
“It’s something ​we do when we go out.” Tasia looked into my eyes and smiled. She
was right. I’d started pulling out the money without thinking. I’d created a routine with
somebody. Maybe I’d figure out my favorite food too.
Tasia explained our system to my parents and I watched her, realizing that she and I
could have what they had. Money wasn’t everything. After what my parents went through,
what they endured, I wanted someone to endure my tribulations with too. I had a love and
she was everything despite my shortcomings.
I hear you, Kitty. I hear you.

E​pilogue
Junction City, Kansas
“Mama! Tasia and I are heading out.”
“Be careful. You know planes fall out of the sky.”
“Nothing is one-hundred percent safe.”
“And tell your daddy to bring me back something to cook. I need to get some
seasoning imported or something. The south wasn’t the best place to live, but at least the
food tasted like something.”
Tasia and I laughed.
I’d moved my mother and father into the house I owned in Kansas after giving Barry
the money for taking care of it and paying the taxes that I didn’t know existed. I didn’t even
ask why he did it. I was learning a lot about responsibility. I’d even gotten myself a bank
account.
Tasia and I both enrolled in school. She was taking up education after learning that
my mother was a teacher. She felt inspired. I majored in criminal justice and hopefully I’d
get into a law school when the time came.
Tasia and I talked about becoming foster parents when we were stable. We both
wanted to help kids like us. For now, she had a part-time job at the grocery store and while
she was at work, I spent time with my parents.
I learned that my father talked in his sleep just like me, and he loved music. I was
shocked to learn that I got my love for dance from him as well. My mother wasn’t into any of
that. She loved books and that was where we found common ground.
“You girls ready to go?” My dad asked with his hand on the popped trunk.
“We’ll be back tomorrow, Dad. We don’t have that much luggage. Close the trunk.”
“Oh, I didn’t know.” He shrugged then walked around to the driver’s side. The wind
was blowing unnecessarily hard that day. A little dry heat might have been just what I
needed.
My dad dropped us off at the airport and we waved goodbye. We went in to retrieve
the tickets we booked online and the clerk did a double take when I approached the counter.
“Your name is Siren, right?”

“No.”
“Wait, no, I heard you go by Cream now. I watch you on YouTube all the time. Do
you still dance?”
“Only for birthday parties and that’s also the only time that I go by Cream. My name
is Kelli.”
She smiled and handed us our tickets. “Have a safe trip Miss Kelli.” She nodded and I
nodded back, pulling Tasia by the hand.
We hurried to our terminal since we were running a few minutes behind. I was
nervous about this trip, but not as nervous as I was when I met my parents. I didn’t want to
be late.
We boarded our plane and, like usual, I fell asleep instantly. In a few hours, I woke up
in Dallas and we hurried to grab our rental.
It was a long ride to Hutchins State Prison, but it was one I was willing to take. Tasia
and I both rode with our sun glasses on and the windows down.
We pulled up and there he was. Corey walked with a bag over his shoulder. I stepped
out of the car and removed my shades. He smiled and dropped his bag. He ran over to me
and hugged me like he’s known me all my life, the same way my daddy did. Tasia stepped
out of the car too, smiling.
“You must be Tasia,” he said.
She nodded.
“Damn,” he said. “That is scary. You look just like my sister.”
“She must have been beautiful.”
“You’ve never seen a picture?” He raised his brow.
She shook her head no.
Corey looked at me.
“I didn’t want to freak her out.” I laughed.
He wrapped his arm around my shoulder. “Thank you for coming. Thank you for
everything. Kitty was lucky.”
“No, I was lucky. Let’s get you out of here before they change their minds about this
release.” I teased.
We all got into the car and as Tasia went to turn the ignition, I grabbed her hand to
stop her.
“What?” She said.
“I think I’ll drive.”

Stud Life Series

www.christianaharrell.com

