A Valentine Challenge

Challenge series, 1

By

Kiru Taye





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and

incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are

used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any

resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or

persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.





A Valentine Challenge

Paperback Edition

Copyright© 2012-2014 Kiru Taye





Smashwords Edition

ISBN: 9781465785428





Cover Artist: Love Bites and Silk





All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used

or reproduced electronically or in print without written

permission, except in the case of brief quotations

embodied in reviews.





Kiru Taye

www.kirutaye.com





Chapter One





I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress and grow brave by reflection. ~ Leonardo Da Vinci.





Trouble. He could spot it a mile away.

A man accustomed to dealing with danger in all guises, he'd come across its varied forms from the killing fields of Sierra Leone to the marshy jungle of the Niger Delta. Danger came in the form of men with machetes or AK47s and explosives packed into cars in crowded markets. Though scarred, he'd dealt with trouble and survived.

Yet, standing outside the front entrance of Park Hotel, Enugu, the light morning breeze fanning Michael Ede's face, his gut twisted with the awareness of a different kind of trouble.

Today, danger was disguised as a woman. A stunningly beautiful woman.

Sure, she had the poise and elegance of a well-bred lady. A white shirt and high-waist black trouser suit enhanced as well as hid a curvaceous figure in silk swatches, feet encased in black shiny leather peep-toe high-heeled pumps, jet-black hair pulled back in a chignon, blood-red lips matched her toe nails, she exuded sophistication and class.

Perhaps it was the way she avoided eye contact or the vicelike grip she had on the Louis Vuitton satchel she clutched in her left hand, but some vulnerability seeped out of the exterior shell of elegance and connected with a part of him—the part currently buried under the rubble of a demolished heart. A flame ignited in his gut, licking his skin with hot yearning.

Danger signals resounded within his head, veins churning with rising adrenaline, all his attention focused on the object coming toward him, a sixty-kilogram missile made of flesh and bones.

Get out of here!

Ignoring the screeching warning, he stood his ground. A born fighter, he was no yellow feathered bird ready to take flight at the flicker of a storm. He never ran from danger.

Sashaying toward him, lips in a glorious pout, eyes amber-brown and captivating, she came to a halt more than two long strides away from him.

Did she know, if she came any closer he might not be able to keep his hands off her? He wanted to touch her caramel skin. Slide his tongue along the curve of her collarbone. Would she taste as delightful as the sweet?

Squeeze. Release. He curled fingers into his palms and unclenched them at his sides; the sound of his pounding heart rivalled the drumbeats heralding Obiagu masquerades.

Hot blood scorched his veins, his body ablaze with desire. It had nothing to do with the early morning sun burning his back.

And everything to do with the woman standing before him. Trouble!

"Who are you? Where is Jonah?" she queried, her soft voice laced with annoyance, her words a swarm of stinging hornets buzzing in the air around him.

A vertical line ran from her forehead to the bridge of a small perfect nose, marring her beautiful otherwise unblemished oval face. Sepia eyes squinted in the sun, scanning him before surveying the hotel car park as if expecting the elusive Jonah to appear any minute.

Strange, in the short time her gaze left his body, he missed its warming effect on his blood vessel.

Focus, man.

She was just a woman like any other. Nothing special. He'd been without one for too long, the only reason for his swelling lust.

Straightening leisurely, he rolled his shoulders and strode toward her. He was here on a mission.

"Kasie Bosa." Her name rolled off his tongue with ease, his tone authoritative. In a power play with an adversary, confidence was key.

People of her class expected everyone else to bow and scrape to them. He wouldn't. Not for her. Not for anyone. It was only fair to start their encounter the way he meant to proceed.

She reared back; possibly surprised he'd addressed her directly. Tough. She had to learn to live with it.

Suspicious eyes connected with his and held. Reading the challenge in them, he raised one eyebrow daring her, excitement churning his gut. He was going to enjoy taming this one.

"Yes, I’m Kasie," her sharp voice sliced through the air, eyes flashing with irritation.

"My name is Michael. I’m your replacement driver. Jonah is not available today."

Disbelief lurked in her gaze as she appraised him from head to shoes.

"You are my new driver? What joke is this? I’m calling the car service. I requested the same driver for the week. You—you stay right there."

Bristling at her command, he took a step forward.

No one spoke to him as if he was at their beck and call. He didn't dance to anyone’s tunes.

You signed up for this. Your baby is at stake.

The cautious voice in his head reined him in, reminding him of the purpose of this encounter. H wasn't going to lose Cessie for any woman.

Taking a step back, he allowed his muscles to relax and gave her a cursory nod while maintaining her gaze.

With one last glare, she dug her hand in the oversized black leather bag and took out a phone. Swivelling, she dialled a number and walked back through the hotel entrance into the lobby, holding the phone to her ear.

From this spot, Michael couldn’t hear her. But he could guess who she was speaking to and the response she’d get back. The manager of the chauffeur service would apologise for the interruption in service. But the bottom line remained. Michael would be her chauffeur for the rest of the week.

Unless she chose a different car service.

A vice tightened in his chest. Shaking his head, he refused to accept this altogether improbable option. The hotel only used one car service. As far as he knew, she didn’t have another option readily available to call upon. She wasn’t going anywhere without him for the foreseeable future. He'd make sure of it.

As he waited for Kasie's inevitable return to the car pack, he wondered why she riled as well as roused him with such fierceness. There was no avoiding the need simmering in his veins waiting to be vented. She was an attractive woman. It made the task at hand a lot easier. He would have her, possess her, albeit temporarily.

Still, there was more. He couldn’t shake the sense that she would be more bother than he was willing to deal with. That before they were done, he would be bearing scars surmounting the physical ones currently marring his flesh.

He pushed back the sensation, refusing to acknowledge the warning. Instead, he focused on the reasons she was no good for him. Reasons he had to follow this course of action through to its bitter end.

She was just a woman. He'd met loads of women like her. Women who thought the world was at their feet and men at their beck and call. Little princesses who wallowed in the ill-gotten wealth from fathers who looted the country’s coffers. Oh, yes he knew such women intimately. He’d spent years protecting their corrupt parents all in the name of serving his country.

Well, not anymore. Those days were long gone. These days, he was his own man and no longer had to kow tow to anyone.

Kasie sashayed back out, the provocative and confident swing of her hips drawing his attention once more.

"Right, it looks like I’m stuck with you for the time being at least."

She didn’t look pleased at the idea, her lips pursed in a straight line. "Here take this. We’re heading to Apex Bank on Okpara Avenue this morning. Let’s go."

Gritting his teeth to stop from retorting at her order, he took her briefcase, placing it next to her when she got in the back seat of the spacious Volkswagen Tuareg she'd specifically requested.

He drew in a deep lungful of air before sliding into the driver’s seat. He needed to pipe down and learn to ignore her bristling attitude. No one had forced him to do this.

Keys in the ignition, he started the car engine and drove out of the hotel premises.

The scent of orange blossoms filled the interior of the car, mixed with another which was all woman. Kasie. Was it possible for a scent to induce a high? He wanted the fragrance infused in every epithelial cell of his lungs.

A quick glance in the rear-view mirror, and Kasie's laptop was out of the bag as she worked. Business-like this morning, her brown eyes focused on the screen, her fingers tapping on the keyboard.

Such a contrast from when he'd first seen her last night.

He'd been out with friends, Peter Oranye and Paul Arinze. They'd met in school, College of Immaculate Conception to be precise, and remained friends though their life paths had taken them to various parts of the world. In the end, they all still returned to Enugu. It was the one place they called home. The one place where their souls longed for. Enugu was in their blood.

Last night they were at the Fusion Bar and Restaurant located at Nike Lake, an extension of the Park Hotel. The atmosphere reeked of class and fun. The music made people want to wind their hips and the food was divinely sumptuous. The chef was an award winner who'd been poached from a top hotel in Lagos.

He loved it here. Discretion was important to most of the clients. Unlike some of the other night spots, guests could choose to have a relaxing evening or dance the night away. No interruptions.

Unusually for a Wednesday, they'd been sitting in the main lounge instead of the private lounge they favoured when Kasie walked in. Serendipity, some might say.

No one in the bar could miss her entrance. In a black knee-length shift dress and stilettos, her hair up in a bun. She oozed confidence in a don't-mess-with-me way, her hips swaying, her chin up as if she owned the place.

Those sexy heels elongated her legs, inviting the right man to earn her submission. He imagined those legs wrapped around his hips as he subdued her into a mass of pleasure. A ball on contradictions, she floated to the bar, ignoring everyone in the room.

"She is one hell of a babe," Peter said, his lips widening in a grin.

"Whoa." Paul made a low whistling sound. "I’m sure even Michael, the great lover, would have a tough time seducing this one. She looks like a ball breaker."

Peter and Paul chuckled. For some reason, Michael didn't laugh. Mesmerized, he just watched her through half-closed lids.

His friends were right. She did look like a hard nut to crack. There was no smile on her face, her lips set in a hard line. Slender fingers tipped with crimson nail polish curled around the tall glass the bar man had offered her. She picked up her drink and walked to a straight-backed chair instead of one of the more comfortable sofas. Still paying little attention to the rest of the guests, she opened a newspaper and focused on it.

She was one cool cat. Still, he would bet a few mullahs she wasn't as hard as she appeared beneath the ice-princess exterior. His body pulsed to life. She had passion beneath, waiting for the right man to ignite it.

"Every woman has her button. You just need to find it and press it," he said, waving his hand dismissively, ignoring the baiting. He picked up the glass of brandy and took a sip. The liquor rolled around on his tongue before he swallowed. A trail of burn travelled down his throat to stomach.

"You do realise who she is, right?" Paul asked. The reflection of the overhead spotlights dancing in his eyes as he smirked.

"Another hotel guest?" Michael replied with nonchalance, despite the awareness of his rapidly beating heart.

""Nah. Wrong answer." His friend mimicked the voice of a game show host. "She’s a regular at the hotel. But that's not it."

He took a sip from his drink before continuing.

"Her name is Kasie Bosa. You know, the daughter of Chief Titus Bosa, one of the biggest Kingmakers in Nigerian politics." The curl of Paul's lips was pure shark, all white teeth, dangerous and cunning.

"Another spoilt rich girl then," the words spilled from Michael's lips before he could stop himself. An odd mix of disgust and fury churned his gut. The curl of his fingers around the brandy glass tightened.

"Exactly." Peter nodded.

"So what about it then, Michael...Interested?"

Okay. He hadn't seen this coming. His friends usually didn't bring this up. His past entanglement with the daughter of a political big-wig. The dalliance with Ruth Mbadiwe had cost him a lot. So he had no love for spoilt rich girls.

"Not for me."

He shook his head and gulped down the rest of the drink. The memories of his youthful stupidity still infuriated him. Deciding he needed another drink, he waved the waiter over and ordered another round for everyone.

His friends watched him silently. Listening to the tinkling of ice as he swirled them around, he ignored Peter and Paul. They didn't leave him alone for too long though. Paul spoke up first.

"I think it’s time for you exorcise the ghost of Ruth from your psyche."

Jerking his head up, Michael glared at Paul.

"What? By getting involved with another over-pampered princess? I don’t think so," he said, his voice deepened by irritation.

"Maybe not. But you’re not a kid anymore. You are older, wiser. You know how to handle yourself. And I know you’ll never lose your head to one of those. You just need to do it to prove to yourself that you’ve moved on."

"I have moved on," he snapped.

"Have you?" It was Peter this time.

His gaze moved to the other man who was also matching his unflinching glare. "You can’t even see one of them without gnashing your teeth."

"I wasn’t gnashing my teeth," he countered angrily, slamming his glass down on the table. Liquid sloshed over the side onto the polished dark wood surface. What’s with my friends and the double onslaught?

"You are."

"I can hear it from here."

Peter and Paul spoke at once. Michael paused. Slowly the red mist in his mind cleared. His friends were correct. His jaw was locked so tight, his teeth were grinding together. And he hadn’t realised he was doing it. Though his life was miles better than where it had been when he’d met Ruth, he still carried the pain of her rejection with him.

He lowered his head in his hands, scrubbing his close-cropped hair and sighing in resignation.

"You have to do this. You have to move on." Peter's sombre pat on his right shoulder emphasised his words.

"And I know a way of making it more interesting for you. Let’s raise the stakes." Paul's grin was more wild tiger than Cheshire cat.

"I’m listening." Michael raised his brow, the gambler in him suddenly awake. His friend knew how to get his attention.

"She’s here for the next week, time enough for you to seduce her and make her fall for you."

Okay, one week was a tight timescale to work with but it was still no challenge. "Not interesting enough."

"You haven’t heard the but..." The wicked grin on Paul's face widened which meant he was up to some mischief.

"Let’s hear it then," Michael said, tapping the table with the pads of his fingers impatiently.

"The but...you have to seduce her, not as Michael the entrepreneurial millionaire but as Michael nobody."

He scratched his chin, the short nails grating on his day-old stubble. "I like those odds better. Still what’s in it for me?"

Peter laughed. "You mean getting the girl is not enough."

"I can get any girl anytime. There’s nothing special about this one," he replied with a shrug.

"OK. As it’s for a good cause, I’ll put up the keys to my X5," Paul said, still grinning. His friend loved his cars, the SUV one of his favourites. He wouldn’t give it up lightly.

"And I’ll put up my holiday home in Gambia," Peter said more solemnly, although Michael could see the amused glint in his eyes.

If his friends were willing to gamble some of their prized possessions, then they must really care about this exorcising thing. Still, they had to want something in return.

"So what’s in it for you guys?" He wasn’t going to lose but he liked to know what he was likely to give up.

"We want your baby, the Cessna, if you don’t complete or lose the challenge."

High stakes indeed. They both knew he loved his plane. After he left the military and began making some money, he trained as a pilot. It was an expensive hobby but he’d come to realise life was too short not to live it to the fullest. When he’d landed his biggest contract to date with a major bank, he put the down payment for the Cessna. Now, he now fully owned it. It was his baby. Nothing else he owned gave him as much joy.

The gambler in him loved a challenge. He’d taken some pretty dicey risks in the past. The idea of losing something he loved definitely appealed to the risk-taker in him. He never put up anything he wasn’t willing to lose. He wasn’t about to lose his baby because of this woman, though. No way.

"So I’m to seduce little Miss Ice Princess there with nothing but my charm in less than a week? And if I don’t, I lose my beloved Cessie? Great, I’m in."

A grin widened his lips, adrenaline rising in his blood. He hadn’t felt this good about any stakes for a long time. In fact, he felt positively alive and kicking.

Peter raised a toast and they lifted their glasses, drinking to their agreement.

"We’ll meet next week and find out if you met the challenge," Paul said when he put his glass down.

"Oh, don’t you worry. I’ll win this challenge," Michael said confidently, relaxing back into his chair. He glanced over to Kasie. She took a sip of her drink. The movement of her delicate neck as she swallowed punched his gut with longing. On his tongue, he could almost taste the victory of possessing her. It would be a sweet and sumptuous triumph.

"You do realise women like her only look at men with money. If she thinks you can’t keep her in the lifestyle she’s accustomed to, she wouldn’t even give you a look in. How are you going to charm her without any show of wealth?" Peter asked, his face creased in a concerned frown.

"Why are you worried about him? It’s Valentine day in a couple of days, so the love god is already smiling down on him. She’s likely to be more amenable anyway, the lucky so and so," Paul interjected.

"It’s a bit late to start worrying now, my friend. The game is on."

Michael patted Peter’s hand, ignoring Paul’s jibe. He already had a plan working in his head. The army had taught him a few things, one of which was how to think on his feet, on the move, in tight situations.

The ability had saved him from more than a few hairy scrapes in the past. It certainly came in handy now. He didn’t have a long time to work his usual magic with Kasie. So he needed to put himself in a position where he’d be in her presence regularly. An idea occurred to him.

"Does she use Prestige Car Services?" he asked Paul. If she was a guest staying at the hotel, then she would need to hire a car to get about. While public transportation was good in Enugu, he didn't quite see Kasie as the kind of girl to hop on a bus. A car hire service seemed right up her street.

"I believe so. But there's no harm in checking." Paul waved over a waiter and whispered something in his ear. The man nodded and walked off. "I sent him to find out from reception."

The three of them co-owned the hotel, the restaurant and adjacent night club, so there wasn't much that happened here they couldn't access. Michael had come up with the initial idea of running a hotel and his friends had backed him with the finance.

"What exactly do you have in mind?" Peter tapped the screen of his phone absently as he asked the question.

"You'll find out soon enough," Michael replied.

The waiter returned. "Yes, she's booked with Prestige Cars all week," he said.

"Thank you," Paul said and the man departed.

"Great. She’ll have a new chauffeur in the morning." Michael allowed his body to relax into the soft leather of his stuffed armchair, his grin widening as his plan took shape.

"Brilliant. The owner of Prestige Cars will become the driver. This could get very interesting." Paul's amusement evidenced by his chuckle.

Michael shrugged off his friend's banter. When he started the business, he’d worked as a chauffeur himself until the business had taken off. He knew the ins and outs of the job. If there was a way of getting close to Kasie, it was as her driver. To top it off, he didn’t have to pretend to be something he wasn’t.

Unlike his friends, he hadn't been born into money. His mother had raised him alone, scraping by to make ends meet as a petty trader. He could barely remember his father who had died when he was just a boy. He got through school by sheer force of will and determination.

Everything he owned now he’d had to work or hustle for. Going to sleep and waking up hungry had been a regular occurrence of his youth. Poverty had dogged his footsteps. So acting the lowly driver for a few days shouldn’t be a problem.

Last night, the thought had been crisp and clear in his mind. However, sitting in the driver’s seat this morning with Miss Ice Princess in the back, his confidence lost some of its lustre. He hadn’t realised how much being ordered about would infuriate him.

He just had to live with it for a few days and then it would be over. Moreover, knowing he’d get to defrost Miss Ice Princess here made it worth the discomfort.

When he pulled into the premises of Apex Bank, he stared in the rear-view mirror again. Their eyes connected in the mirror. Golden brown pupils looked back at him. He read curiosity, heat and for a brief moment, fear in them. He held her gaze wondering what thoughts were in her head but she lowered her eyes.

Stepping out, he held the car door open for her. Her light perfume wafted into his nostrils as she breezed past him. A vision of Kasie dressed in a sundress, rolling in wild flowers assaulted his mind.

Whoa! Where did that come from?

Physically shaking his head to dispel the vision, he picked up her briefcase from the back seat and followed her. He watched the gentle swaying of her enticing behind. A grin tugged the corners of his lips but he held it back.

Before she reached the main entrance Kasie turned, holding out her hand.

"I’ll take it from here. I’ll ring you when I’m ready to go," her voice was soft, her expression serious.

For some reason, he wanted to see her smile. He wanted to watch her face light up in laughter. But maybe not right now, he thought as frown lines appeared on her forehead when he didn’t pass the briefcase immediately.

"Sure." He nodded and handed her the briefcase. He watched her stride into the bank building. Yet her perfume stayed with him, stirring him, exciting him.

Trouble had walked into his life. No doubt.





Chapter Two





Have you ever wished you could go back and start your day afresh? Today was one of those days.

The thoughts swirled in Kasie’s mind as she walked into the white-walled concrete bank building. Hot, alien sensations prickled her back. From the moment she'd walked out of her hotel lobby to encounter Michael standing outside in the sun, this intoxicating awareness had laced her veins.

Standing was perhaps the wrong word. He’d been lounging, leaning against the car, a man with all the time in the world. Like he owned the world.

Powerful, overwhelming, his aura radiated from him in waves, her body, an antenna tuned into him irresistibly.

An image of the big cats she'd seen in documentaries on the National Geographic channel loomed large in her mind. A tiger stalking its prey, waiting, deadly silent before the pounce.

Michael had the same dark, dangerous, and deadly quality, making her feel vulnerable and under siege—heart pounding out of sync in her chest, heat swarming her body, adrenaline flooding her veins—her body preparing to flee or fight.

All he'd done at the time was look at her, for crying out loud!

When he’d taken a step toward her, her instinct had been to step back. To turn and run for her life.

Hell, no! This girl was no coward.

She’d resisted the urge to flinch when he’d said her name. The sound of his gravelly voice had an effect she didn’t even wish to examine closely.

As usual when she was rattled or scared she went on the offensive, putting up her layers of protective walls and shutting everything else out.

Yet when their eyes had connected via the rear view mirror of the car, for one tantalising moment, his grey eyes seemed to pierce through to her soul. He’d stared at her as if he saw through her cool facade, past the power suit to the yearning woman beneath. Angry at herself she’d looked away. It hadn’t stopped her heart from racing or heat from rising to her cheeks.

Even now, she knew he watched her from outside the revolving doors. A ripple of awareness shimmered down her back. The urge to turn around was strong but she bit it down, stiffening her back.

Berating herself, she walked to the receptionist, signed the visitor’s book and collected her temporary pass. She turned to find her friend and colleague Franca Onyema walking into the reception lobby.

"Hi Kasie, how are you this morning?" Franca enquired in her usual cheerful tone.

"I'm well, thank you. You?" The words sounded gritty and forced in her own ears as she walked toward the bank of lifts.

Franca followed her. "I'm great."

Her friend jabbed the button to call the lift. "But you don't look well."

Kasie should've known that her friend would pick up on her less than pleasant mood this morning. They became friends when she started her assignment in Enugu and they both discover they'd both been born and raised in Lagos.

"We'll talk about it when get upstairs," she said in a low tone.

The lift lobby was filling up with staff waiting to ride up to their offices. She didn't want the whole building gossiping about her private affair by lunch time.

Franca nodded and tugged her close as they boarded the first lift to arrive. On the fifth floor, they both got off and strode to Kasie's office. As soon as they got in Franca shut the door behind them.

"Oya, spill it. I'm dying of suspense here," she said even before Kasie could toss her satchel on her desk.

"I had an argument with Anthony," Kasie said. It was amazing how easily the words slid from her tongue when it came to Franca.

"What happened?"

"We broke up." Was she even sad about it? She didn't know anymore. Right now anger was the prevailing emotion.

"You did?" Franca pulled her close into a hug. "I'm sorry."

Kasie allowed the words of comfort and warmth from her friend soothe her. Interesting having their roles reverse. Usually, Franca was the one having relationship drama and Kasie was the one listening or consoling.

Kasie's life had been all mapped out until this morning. Tears stung the back of her eyes. Now she didn't know who she was any more.

Franca took one look at her face and tugged her over to her chair.

"Sit down, dear, and tell me why you guys broke up. I thought everything was going great between the two of you."

"Until I woke up this morning to find at text from Anthony saying we needed a break, I thought everything was fine."

"He did what?"

The shock in her friend's voice reflected the way Kasie had felt this morning when she'd read the sms message.

"Here—" Kasie dug in her hand bag and took out her phone, swiping the screen to unlock it. "—read it for yourself."

Franca took the phone from her.

"Atta girl. I love your reply to him." A wry smile curled Franca's lips as she handed the phone back. "What did he do after that?"

"He called me straight after asking why I was being so rude, that everyone takes a break sometimes, that it would be good for us." Kasie shook her head as her anger rose. "What a cheek?"

"The man is an idiot."

"I told him that."

"That's my girl."

Franca smiled and Kasie couldn’t help smiling in return. Her friend was the one person she trusted enough to share some of her troubles with, through there were still some things she wouldn't share with anyone.

"Listen." Her friend placed a hand on her shoulders. "Don't even waste a tear on that man. He doesn't deserve it. He wanted to take a break so he could date other people and still expect you to be there waiting for him."

"As if." Kasie huffed as she rolled her eyes heavenward. "This train is moving on without him."

"Absolutely. And I approve your choice of passenger." Franca winked at her.

"Huh?" Kasie blinked. "Passenger, ke? What are you talking about?"

"The guy who dropped you off, of course."

"Who? Michael?" His name slipped from her lips before she could stop herself. The sizzling awareness returned to Kasie's spine.

"Is that his name? He looks like a man who packs a lot of heat between his legs and knows how to use it if you know what I mean." Franca gave her an exaggerated wink.

Mortified, Kasie’s mouth dropped open at her friend’s words. She lifted her hands to her overheated cheeks.

"Franca! He's just the chauffeur from the car service."

"Is he now? I've never seen a hire car driver who looked that great. He's welcome to drive me anywhere anytime."

"Don't even go there. He's a driver for goodness sake." Kasie couldn’t hide her outrage although she didn't want to acknowledge the true emotion behind it.

"He's also a man. A hot, oh-so-lickable man. And they don't come around that often."

"Yeah, but—"

"There's no but about it. I know your family think you have to marry some stuck-up, rich guy whose father is a political godfather or whatever. But the rest of us have to deal with real men. And they don't come any realer than men like Michael. And take my advice; you'll have a much better ride with the Michaels of this world than with the Anthonys."

"I know what you're saying but after this morning's burst up with Anthony, I'm not even going to be looking at another man for a very long time."

"The way Michael was looking at you, I'd say that resolution won't last very long."

"The way he was looking at me?" Did Franca really notice their attraction? "You're reading things that don't exist. I'm not interested in him or any other man."

"You won't mind if I ask him out then."

For some reason she couldn’t explain, a flash of anger passed through her body.

"Yes, of course. Go for it." She forced the words out of her mouth although inside her something ugly rose at the thought of her friend being involved with Michael.

What was wrong with me anyway? Why did Michael affect me so outrageously?

"Right. I'm going to head to my desk. I'll see you later."

Franca’s words echoed in Kasie’s head for the rest of the day as she worked. Good men were rare. True. Yet the vibes she’d gotten from Michael had nothing to do with good. Unless one could define good as dark, dangerous and decadent. Those were the words she’d use to describe him. Those were the same reasons Franca needed to stay away from him.

It wasn't her place to choose her friend’s boyfriends. But somehow, the thought of Franca getting together with Michael, made her uncomfortable. They wouldn’t make a good match. Simple.

In her world money was important. At least to her family and her friends in Lagos. She’d been born with it and never lacked it.

Her parents expected her to marry a man they approved—he would have to be from a well-placed family and wealthy. As such all the men she'd been involved with previously, had similar backgrounds to her. they were family friends and people whom her parents could trace their backgrounds.

For now, she didn't care how much money a man had in his bank account.

As far as she was concerned, men were off the radar. Well and truly off the menu. She was taking a much deserved break.

Heaving a sigh, Kasie worked through the spreadsheets on her laptop, her mind going back to her relationship with Anthony.

If she was honest, the split wasn’t a huge surprise. They’d been dating for over two years. Anthony was focused on building his career as a lawyer and was focused on her career as an accountant. It was inevitable things would slow in their relationship. With work commitments and different social circles, they spent more time apart than together.

Besides, she’d always felt there was something missing from their relationship.

Yes, Anthony was good-looking, wealthy, from a well-known family and had a successful career. Even her father, who had disapproved of her previous boyfriends, actually gave his consent for their relationship.

A part of her had been relieved to be finally in her father’s good books after years of being labelled the ‘bad apple’ of the family. So Anthony had certainly ticked most of the boxes of her relationship requirements.

But when the chance had come to take the assignment in Enugu, she'd jumped at the opportunity to get away from her family and Anthony.

As far as she was concerned, the break was good for her. She needed the downtime from men to reassess her priorities.

So while Michael was all kinds of sizzling temptations, she wasn’t even going to go there. If Franca wanted him, she could have him.

So why does your stomach churn with envy when you think of the two of them together?

"Are you going to sleep here?"

Kasie looked up from her laptop to find Franca standing in her office doorway.

"What time is it?" Kasie asked absentmindedly, trying to bring her thoughts back to the present.

"It’s quarter to seven. I thought I was a workaholic but even I can’t compete with you. I’m off home but I’m going to stop over and grab something to eat at Panache restaurant. Why don’t you come along? I noticed you didn’t eat lunch today."

Kasie nodded in accord. Sometimes, she skipped lunch, just to give herself more time to get her work done. She hadn’t realised how late it was already. Her stomach chose the moment for a loud protest. She laughed.

"I’ll pack up and join you."

Suddenly she remembered she was going to have to call Michael to pick her up. For some reason, she wasn’t in a hurry to see him again. She turned to Franca, hoping her friend would drop her off. "We can use your car, right?"

"Sorry. I didn’t bring my car today. I was hoping we’d use yours," Franca replied, shrugging as she smiled sheepishly.

Kasie thought it strange Franca didn’t bring her car but didn’t ask why.

"Ok. I’ll ring the car service," Kasie said, slumping her shoulders with resignation. There would be no avoiding Michael tonight, to her chagrin.

The Prestige Cars phone operator informed her Michael was on his way to pick her up already. She thanked the lady and hung up.

"We should head downstairs, he’s on his way."

"Okay, I’ll grab my things and meet you by the lifts," Franca said as she headed out of Kasie’s office.

Downstairs, Michael was waiting outside, casually leaning against the car, his back against the driver's side door, hands in his pockets and legs crossed at the ankles. The setting sun framed him in a halo of gold and purple. He didn’t move. Just stood there watching her with a hooded gaze. He looked so cool, so unruffled. Yet she couldn’t miss the tightly-coiled energy radiating off his body. Only a fool would miss the marauding alertness surrounding him.

Their eyes connected, she could have sworn the air crackled with electricity. The impact of seeing him again hit her stomach, knocking the breath out of her. Just like this morning. Her steps faltered. Heat travelled up her body spreading to her face. Everything within her stilled, if she didn't move, perhaps the predator wouldn’t see her.

He straightened still watching her, his stare penetrating and knowing. The confident look in his eyes dared her to come closer. To enter his personal space. Bristling, she told herself to calm down. He was the driver. She was the client paying towards his wages. There were lines he wouldn't dare cross.

It seemed her body hadn’t received the memo though.

Gritting her teeth, she spoke to him, her irritation barely hidden from her voice. "We’re going to grab something to eat before I head back to the hotel."

"Sure," he smiled widely, effortlessly, as he opened the car door for her, waiting for her to get in before shutting the door. For some reason, his quiet, charming efficiency irritated her even more.

Why am I letting this man rattle my composure?

Franca walked to the other side and got in. When Michael started the ignition, Franca spoke up, telling him the restaurant name. He nodded and drove out of the bank premises.

"By the way, I’m Franca. You’re Michael, right." Franca leaned forward to speak to Michael.

"Hi Franca," he replied in his deep gravelly tone, giving Franca a disarming smile.

Anger crept up Kasie’s stiffened back as she tightened her hold on her hand bag.

"Yes, I’m Michael. It’s nice to meet you."

She rolled her eyes up and looked out of the window, the suburban scenery whizzing past as they headed to Independence Layout. Why would Michael smiling at Franca annoy her? It was none of her business.

"It’s nice to meet you too. Why don’t you come with us to the restaurant? I’m sure you’re hungry too," Franca said.

Kasie grimaced at Franca’s bombshell, her body tensing up

Wrapping her fingers around Franca's arm, she pulled her friend back.

"What are you doing? Why are you inviting him along?" Kasie whispered through gritted teeth.

"Why not? He must be hungry too," Franca said with a familiar lift of her shoulders.

A loud harrumph left her lips before she could stop it. She imagined Michael’s idea of food had little to do with what they would find in the restaurant.

A prickly sensation at the back of her neck made her glance up at the rear-view mirror. Cold grey eyes flickering with annoyance and something else she couldn't decipher stared back at her.

Heart jolting, she looked away, biting her lower lip. What did she care if he was upset? She didn’t want to have to spend more time with him than was absolutely necessary.

"You should've asked me first," she said to her friend. "I don't think it's a good idea inviting him along. I thought it was just going to be the two of us dining out."

"Franca, thank you for your kind invitation but I already had something to eat before I came to pick you ladies up." His calm voice held no indication of his anger.

Franca gave her a see-what-you’ve-done glare and shifted back to the other corner of the car to emphasis her annoyance.

Kasie shrugged, turning her focus back to the outside scenery. She certainly wasn’t going to feel guilty about it. Men like Michael were no good and Franca would thank her later when the haze of lust had passed from her friend’s eyes.

Before long they arrived at the restaurant. Wanting to end the evening quicker, Kasie told Franca she was tired so they decided to buy the food to-go. Michael waited by the car.

Takeaway parcels in hand, they returned to the car. Kasie snuck a glance at Michael. His shoulders were loose, his stance relaxed and his expression indifferent.

Feathers of relief floated down her body as he didn’t seem bothered about her brush-off. On the drive to Franca's flat, he chatted easily with her friend, the two of them discussing about local political issues.

Kasie didn't join in. Seeing the effortless way they two of them laughed and flirted with each other only raised her ire. Sucking her teeth in loudly, she gave Franca one last glare and decided to ignore them, using her smart phone as a distraction.

Why was she even bothering? If Franca was bent on carrying on with Michael she’d leave them to it. She just didn’t want the other girl coming to complain to her when it all went wrong. Moreover, what made Franca think men like Michael wouldn’t use her to get up the ladder and dump her? Right now, Kasie could see no good in any man.

Luckily the drive to her friend's residence didn't take long. After she waved Franca off, Kasie’s attention returned to her phone. It was the best thing to do, a distraction so she didn't have to look at the man sitting in the driver's seat. Or worse, acknowledge the strong emotions he roused in her.

Noticing the car hadn’t moved, after a couple of minutes of reading status updates on her social media timeline, she glanced up to find Michael studying her via the rear-view mirror.

The way the colour of his eyes darkened from an early dawn grey to midnight grey, she knew he wasn’t as calm as he appeared. Butterflies fluttered in her tummy, her heart rate increasing. She clenched her phone tighter.

What was wrong with this man? Why was he staring at her as if he couldn’t decide whether to throttle her or kiss her?

Darn it. Now she was imagining things? He couldn’t be thinking about kissing her, could he?

Why wasn’t he driving the darned car, anyway!

"Is there a problem?" she asked unable to hide her rising exasperation. She knew her tone was petulant and condescending but couldn’t help it. This man brought out the worst in her.

"Not anymore," he retorted. The car engine roared to life and with a roar of spitting gravel they were back on the road.

She reared back, shocked at his tone and driving. How dare he?

"What is wrong with you?"

Ignoring her question, his gaze was fixated on the road ahead.

Wound up by his silence, she sucked in her teeth and returned to her phone.

In. Out. One. Two. She counted and took gulps of air into her lungs. He wouldn’t get to her. If he wasn’t ruffled, she wasn’t going to let him rattle her.

"Your friend Franca seems a nice girl. But I wonder why she hangs out with you when you’re so rude and stuck up."

What the hell was going on here?

Her back stiffened as if someone had just rammed a steel rod down her spine.

"Excuse me?"

Her body vibrated with anger as she glared at him in the mirror. One corner of his lips was tilted in a mocking smile, his thick eyebrow raised. Her fingers curled into a fist on her lap. The urge to slap the smirk off his face barely contained.

"You heard me. Or is this brand of rudeness reserved just for me? You’ve been up your own arse, since I picked you up this morning. What’s the problem, not getting any from your boyfriend?"

"How dare you?" she gasped out barely believing her ears. So maybe she’d been rude and cantankerous. Still, he was the driver, for goodness sake and it wasn't his place to tell her off. "You can’t speak to me like that. Stop this car. Right now."

He ignored her, his expression even more amused, inflaming her anger the more.

"I said stop this car right now," she shouted as her heart raced with adrenaline. "I swear you’ll regret those words by the time I’m done with you."

She lifted her phone to call the car service. Michael swerved off the road abruptly.

Thinking he’d finally obeyed her order, she pursed her lips as she scrolled through her contact list.

She didn't see him step out of the car or open her door. Only sensed that something large blocked the doorway.

Thud. Her heart rammed in her chest as she glanced up at his imposing body looming over her. She shrank back thinking he was about to do something crazy.

A glance at his eye revealed a surreally cold composure instead. Her sigh of relief died in her throat.

"Step out of the car," he said calmly, a bit too calmly.

She shook her head as her heart raced. "No. You can’t order me about."

"I’m going to make sure when you call your father to come to your rescue, you have something real to accuse me of. I’m not going to be falsely accused this time."

What the hell was he talking about?

Before she had time to process all his words, he reached inside. A band of arms clamped around her shoulders and legs. He scooped her out of the car. She struggled and though his hold was firm, it didn’t hurt, almost gentle. But she didn’t have room to move because of the confined space of the back seats.

Outside the car, he held her close to him, one hand on her nape, the other around her waist. She could feel all of him – tightly bound muscles wrapped in warm skin and spicy cologne.

This close to him, all willingness to fight fled her mind. She should be wriggling, moving out of his hold. His grip wasn’t binding enough to keep her restrained if she struggled.

Still, she was immobilised. His masculine scent—raw and feral—held her captive. His heat swarmed her body, setting her alight. All her senses alert, aware of this man. Wanting. Aching with need. The tension within her body coiled even tighter. Expecting.

Tilting her head up, she glared at him. Even in her pair of towering Louboutins, her head only reached his chin. The man was tall.

The shadowed light of street lamps made the angles of his face harsher, reminding her of jagged cliff tops. The outline of stubble lining his chin like the blackened undergrowth of the savannah plains after a bush fire.

Strangely, she wanted to reach up and touch the coarse texture of his chin against her smooth palm. She must be mad for even thinking it.

Standing this close to him caused crazy images to swim in her head. Pictures of both their bodies entwined, his hands all over her skin, his body claiming hers in an age-old lover’s dance. Heat unfurled and a slow ache throbbed low in her core.

Staring at his piercing eyes, she watched as the grey colour of his eyes darkened with desire. Feverish heat flooded her body. She looked at his full, firm lips. The urge to taste them took hold of her. Her heart pounded in her chest. Semi-consciously she licked her lips. When she looked back up at his eyes, there was no mistaking the look in their fiery depths.

He was going to kiss her.





Chapter Three





Michael stood still, holding Kasie. His heart acted like a drumstick, using his ribs as the surface to pound out a fast arrhythmic jungle beat. Overheated blood flooded his system. All sense of logic departed from him. His mind had ceased working rationally.

Since he picked Kasie up, her attitude had worsened. He’d thought a day at work would’ve mellowed her down.

Hell, no!

Instead she’d stepped out of the bank building worse than she’d been this morning. Her attitude even more belligerent, more condescending; goading him.

What was the matter with her? Where did she learn such cold disdain?

He was a man of the world. He’d never treated women badly. Even after Ruth’s betrayal. She’d lit a fuse of dynamite underneath his heart and walked away, vaporising his love in the process.

Damaged, he’s sworn never to give his heart to another woman. Yet he didn’t think they deserved to be ill-treated. They were delicate roses who understood what it was to be feminine and the importance of manners and courtesy.

Yet, this one in his arms was no delicate rose. She was a feral cat intent on shredding his composure with her talons and barbed words. He’d tried to tolerate it, let her have the benefit of the doubt. But this was too much. He had to draw the line somewhere.

When he’d opened the car door, for one moment there had been fear in her brown eyes. The human in him had felt a kick of guilt in his stomach for frightening her. He’d expected a struggle, yet she hadn’t put up much of a fight. Her squirms had only served to excite him.

Now in his arms, she stopped struggling. He purposefully loosened his grip, half-expecting her to run, the primal part of him looking forward to the chase.

In a rigid stance, she watched him; her chin raised defiantly, hands balled at her sides. Her eyes flashed with fire and excitement. Her curvaceous body stayed close to his, heat and perfume surrounding him, soft smooth skin enticing him.

Every now and again, the lights from a passing car illuminated both of them on the roadside. In the recesses of his mind, a thought formed. Retreat.

Kasie licked her lips, the movement of her tongue on her lower lip drawing his attention to her beautiful lips. A red flag to a bull.

Her action extinguished the pull back signal in his mind. In its stead was...Load...Engage...Fire.

The world faded. Michael couldn’t really explain his reaction to this woman. Why she rattled him so much. He knew what he was about to do was probably extreme. All he could hear was the whoosh of blood pumping in his ears, his heart dancing to an erratic tune.

"What do you think you’re doing?"

He heard the tremor in her husky voice.

Ignoring her question, he asked one of his own, "Are you going to apologise for your behaviour today?"

He was still a cultured man who didn’t harm women. He wanted to give her an opportunity to back down. Of course he’d let her go if she did. It was only fair. So he waited, expecting the words of remorse from her lips.

Shoulders straight, she tilted her chin up, her brown eyes flashing insolently.

"I have nothing to apologise for. If you think you can scare me with your macho man act, you’ve got another think coming."

Her body trembled yet she stood her ground, her eyes and words daring him to do his worst. Courage.

A warm fuzzy feeling permeated the crazed fog in his mind. Admiration. For her bravery.

Not many people would look him straight in the eye and dare him to do his worst. His worst had involved taking lives in the name of his country. If she knew what he was capable of, would she still defy him? The thought was a splash of cold water on his face, sobering him up.

"What is the worst you’re going to do? Rape me or better still kill me because I didn’t fawn over you like Franca did? I didn’t say ‘hey you big strong cave man, come and take me now’?" Kasie continued taunting him.

He laughed but the sound was harsh and humourless.

"Princess, what I’m about to do has nothing to do with rape and you know it. This whole attitude of yours is because you’re attracted to me and you can’t bring yourself low enough to say hello, let alone ask me to make love to you. All because I’m your chauffeur. Admit it."

The husky depth of his voice betrayed her effect on him. For the first time in ages, he was responding unpredictably to a woman. He didn’t like it. Regardless, he was going to see this through.

Her breath caught in a gentle gasp, her pert nose flaring slightly.

"You’re talking rubbish. I don’t want anything to do with you."

"Let’s find out."

Moving his palm back to her nape, he lowered his head. Firm lips crushed soft ones. Hotly. Voraciously. Kasie kept her mouth sealed, turning her head away. He held her in place, pulling her closer, her pliant body against his solid bulk. His desire swelled with each pump of his heart. The evidence of his arousal pulsed, pushing against his clothes.

He rocked into her, wanting her to feel his craving, his strength, his determination...her effect on him.

A soft sob escaped her lips. He speared his fingers into her hair and unpinned the tight bun. Loose silky jet black hair cascaded down her back and shoulders.

"Kasie, kiss me," he groaned out, commanding her to do what he felt she already wanted to do. He’d seen it in her eyes this morning and tonight. She was holding back because she didn’t think he was good enough for her.

The thought drove him on. Damn it! No woman was going to make him feel like an inadequate teenager ever again. He angled her head and backed her up against the side of the car, grinding his hips into her.

At first she shook her head. Then she let out a soft whimper and leaned into him, opening her lips for him.

His senses went crazy, his taste buds exploding with her flavour. Her mouth was a haven. Sweet. Enticing. Vanilla ice cream on warm apple pie. His tongue entered her mouth, tasting her, letting her taste him. His need.

He groaned, deepening the kiss, wanting more of her. Kissing her wasn’t enough. It was madness.

He broke off the kiss, panting, catching his breath. Bending over, he mouthed her ear, running his tongue around the lobe. She sighed, the sound melodious, her warm breath fanning his cheek.

"Tell me to stop now and I’ll leave you alone." He could barely recognise his own growly voice. He wasn’t a Neanderthal. No matter what she’d done, no matter how much he wanted her, he couldn’t take her without knowing she wanted to go all the way.

She shook her head.

Disappointment swept through him. He loosened his hold on her, ready to walk away.

"Please..." she whispered before breaking off. He dropped his hands, though his body still craved the feel of her skin.

"Don’t stop, please. I admit it. I’ve wanted you from the moment I saw you this morning." Her voice was soft velvet, the spark setting his desire ablaze.

He didn’t need any more words. He lifted her into the car and shut the door behind him. The back seat of the car was cramped. It wasn’t ideal but he didn’t care. This wasn’t a romantic date. This was for another purpose, although his brain was hardly computing the purpose at the moment.

Right now, he wanted to see more of Kasie. Feel more. Taste more.

He pulled her face to him with both hands and kissed her again. This time slowly, deeply, savouring her. She tasted like the best sweet confectionery served up just for him. Absolutely wonderful. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she tugged him even tighter to her body.

After a while, the urge to see the rest of her had him leaning back. They were both panting to catch their breaths as he spread her over the back seats.

While he fanned her face with feathery kisses, his hands worked the buttons of her black satin jacket. In no time, it was off and on the floor. Thankfully, the buttons on her white silk shirt came undone easily. He took it off and dropped it next to her jacket.

Pulling back, he stared at her breasts. They stood full and tantalising, wrapped in a pink lace and satin bra. A smile curled his lips.

Beneath her severe monochrome exterior she hid a flirty, girly side. Possessiveness swelled his heart. Gladness because he'd got to see another side to Kasie which no one else saw. Later he’d think about exploring the flirty side. Right now, he was more interested in the contents of her bra. Her nipples tightened into hard buttons as he watched. She lifted her hands to undo the clasp of the bra. With a grip on her lower arm, he stopped her.

"Let me."

He reached behind and unhooked the bra, sliding it down her arms and dropping it on the floor. Her breasts looked exquisite, perfect full round globes with the brown areoles. Chocolate drizzle on caramel fudge.

How did he get so lucky? Her earlier attitude forgotten. All he wanted to do now was worship her body.

"You are beautiful."

He bent over her, taking a tautened peak into his mouth. She gasped, arching her body into his. He sucked and licked while she writhed and bucked.

Her responsiveness was nearly his undoing, his desire swelling, and hardening. He inhaled harsh breaths as he alternated between breasts. He needed his control. She'd given herself over to him freely. This was about her, her pleasure.

He slid his hand down her trousers and cupped the apex between her thighs. Heat scorched his palm, her arousal scent filling his lungs.

"Please..." Her sob was somewhere between pain and pleasure.

"Tell me what you want, Kasie." He couldn’t hide the hoarseness from his voice. Did he want to hide her effect on him?

"I want you."

The look she gave him through lust glazed eyes was bare and honest and vulnerable. Something sparked to life in the ashes of his heart.

Not wanting to acknowledge it, he pushed the thought aside as he unzipped her trousers, pulling them down enough for his large hand to slip under her lace panties and cover her mound. Her liquid heat scorched his finger as it slid into her welcoming slippery warmth.

A whimper of delight filled the car and her lashes fluttered shut. The cant of her hips as she bucked against his hand when he inserted another finger clawed at his control. At this moment, he wanted to hear her cry out his name. Her inner walls contracted around his fingers, pulling them further in. With his thumb he played with her blossoming nub while his fingers pumped into her.

"Look at me," he said. He wanted her to look at him, to know exactly who was doing this to her, who was giving her pleasure.

Her eyes flew open at his command, her compliance stirring the ashes of his long dead heart. The tightening in his chest caught him off guard.

What was happening to him?

Kasie's moans increased, getting louder, her bucking rocked faster, drawing his attention once more. The street light and shadows didn't hide the beauty of her face, her amber eyes burning with desire, her pink tongue sliding out and licking lips swollen from his kisses.

She was a thing of beauty, to be admired, to be worshiped. Right here, right now, she was his.

Slamming his mouth against hers, he kissed her hard, claiming her in that moment, swallowing her moans.

He knew when she splintered. She tore her lips from his, her wild scream of his name rending the air, her body convulsing for long moments.

Seeing her shatter tore at his control. She was the most beautiful creature he’d seen. Withdrawing his hand from her core, he held her for a few minutes, savouring her softness, keeping her safe until her body stopped trembling, allowing his body to come back under control too.

The band around his chest squeezed, a warm tender haze passing over him, urging him to hold onto Kasie and keep her close. At the same time he remembered the last time he’d given free rein to such emotion.

The image of Ruth Mbadiwe sneering as he confessed his love for her resurfaced in his mind.

The glowing ember of affection fizzled out under the onslaught of memory's damp ashes. Bile rose and soured his mouth. He wouldn’t let another woman get the better of him. Never again.

Disentangling their bodies, he pulled away. Bereft of her body, he focused on picking up her shirt and jacket, placing them beside her on the seat. Then he reached for the door. He needed to get away from her before he did something he would regret. Like making sweet love to her in the back seat of the car. How did she manage to make him lose control so easily?

Her fingers curled around his lower arm, branding him, making him catch his breath.

"Aren't you...?" The uncertain catch in her voice had him looking at her face. Her expression was bewildered, her hair tousled, her lips swollen, her skin glowing.

His hand was already halfway to caress her face when he stopped himself. He had to get a grip.

"What? You think I’d take you right here in the back seat of the car. Me? A driver? I don’t think so. Even drivers are choosy as to who they have sex with."

Even as he said the words, he hated himself. It had to be done. He needed to re-establish the boundaries between them. Otherwise, he would lose himself again. And this time there would be no way back.

For a moment, she gaped at him in shock before the last haze of lust cleared. "You, bastard!"

Her eyes flashed angrily and she swung her hand at him. He caught it in his palm.

"I don’t think so, princess."

With his other hand he picked up her phone laying on the car seat. "Here, now you can call daddy and tell him what a nasty boy I’ve been."

He put the phone in her hand and loosened his grip.

She screeched in anger, the high-pitched sound piercing his soul as she threw the phone at him.

He dodged and it hit the back of the front passenger seat and came apart on the floor.

Michael stepped out of the car and let out the ragged breath he hadn't realised he was holding. He returned to the driver's seat and took one final glance at the woman in the back seat via the rear-view mirror. The sight of a seething Kasie, glaring daggers into his back stayed with him for the rest of the drive back to her hotel.





Chapter Four





"Get dressed," Michael commanded. His voice still had the gravelly edge which had Kasie’s body heating up only minutes ago. Right now, the very sound of it, served to acerbate her. Humiliate her.

Kasie let out another frustrated scream, squeezing her head in her hands tightly. How stupid was she? How could she have allowed him to touch her? Glaring at Michael, he stared back at her coolly, nonchalantly, as if nothing had passed between them, his grey eyes watching her via the rear view mirror.

Not wanting to obey him, she hesitated. How dare he order her about? After what they’d...he’d just done? He’d practically mauled her, ripped her clothes off, his hot hands all over her body. Her face flamed as she remembered, reliving the sensations.

Gosh, she had to be hormonal or something. What other reason was there?

She shoved her arms into her shirt, her movement jerky with irritation. Dissatisfaction.

Who was she kidding? She bit her bottom lip hard, tasting her metallic blood. He hadn’t done anything she hadn’t wanted. That’s what made it worse.

She’d wanted him. From the first moment she’d first seen him, her hormones had gone berserk. And still reeling from her bust-up with Anthony, she hadn't been in the mood to acknowledge the way Michael had made her feel. It’d been pitiful. Crazy. Exactly the reason she’d wanted to avoid him, to keep her wild urges under control.

So she’d taken it to the extreme. True Kasie Bosa style. Her annoyance at herself had increased her disdain for him.

Rolling her eyes heavenwards, she let out a low frustrated hiss. Except this time she’d chosen the wrong opponent. She’d thought the worst he would've done was to ignore her attitude. He was her chauffeur. She was the boss, the one with the upper hand.

Moreover, because of who her father was, most people simply sucked up to her. Yes, Kasie. No, Kasie. Three bags full, Kasie. Pathetic. For once someone stood up to her. Challenged her. Excited her.

A quick glance in the rear-view mirror, met with Michael's steely grey eyes.

She’d allowed him to kiss her, touch her, soothe the ache she’d felt within her body. The slow throbbing had burned low all day and erupted when he held her in his arms.

How could she have let it happen? How could she be so susceptible to his devastating charm so soon after her break up with Anthony, when she’d wanted nothing to do with men?

Giving Michael another baleful glare, she buttoned her creased shirt back on. She didn’t bother putting her jacket on. Still annoyed, she stuffed her bra into her hand bag roughly, straightened her trousers, sat back into the seat before putting her seat belt on.

She wouldn’t let Michael get the best of her. Let him see how much his rejection had crushed her? No way. She was still the boss around here.

"I want you to take me back to the hotel," she said as calmly as she could muster. It was an empty order and she knew it. He was already driving, heading in the direction of her hotel. So her words were wasted. He didn’t even react or look at her in the mirror.

Why did she have such a problem with him? Michael thought it was because of his job. Ok, somewhere within her, she’d have preferred if he did something else. She could hardly go around introducing him to her circle of friends.

Then again, if she really cared about him, it wouldn’t matter to her. She made enough money herself to ever really depend on a man financially. But, she didn’t care about Michael—couldn’t care about someone as arrogant as he was. Seriously, who did he think he was?

For the rest of the way to the hotel, neither of them said a word to each other. As the car got closer to the hotel, doubt crept into her mind. She’d been rude and unbearable to Michael. But did he have to humiliate her, show her how much more powerful he was over her?

Her tough exterior was meant to be a deterrent, to protect her. It was a ruse she used to fool the world. To hide the fact that her life wasn’t perfect. She was the odd one out in her family. Alone. The black sheep.

Her sister Kemafor was married and had her family. Her father now had his new family. Her step-mother had given him male children. So he no longer had time for Kasie.

Yet, in the space of a few hours, Michael had seen through her and brought her walls crumbling down. She had to hang on to some dignity. She wouldn’t acquiesce to him and apologise. He’d already gotten what he wanted—her humiliation. Why should she apologise?

It didn’t matter that she felt disappointed or rejected. He’d shown her a little bit of bliss and shunned her. It didn’t matter that her foolish heart ached to see him look at her with the heat and desire she'd seen earlier. None of it mattered. She'd get over his brush-off.

Will you? You break up with your boyfriend a few days before Valentine’s day and your family don’t give you the time of day. Worse, your chauffeur doesn’t even want you. Yes, of course you'll get over it. No one wants you.

The voice in her head taunted her. Who was she kidding? Her carefully constructed life was crumbling. And it was all her fault. Misery wrapped its claws around her. Tears stung her eyes threatening to fall. She bit her lip forcing herself to hold back the tears as her heart ached. She turned her face toward the window, not wanting Michael to see her distraught. She never wanted him to see her tears.

As soon as they arrived at her hotel, she yanked the door open, not waiting for Michael to come around. She grabbed her bag and jacket and fled.

"Kasie!" Michael called out her name. Not looking back, she ignored him and raced into the hotel to her suite.

***

Michael picked up Kasie’s shattered phone from the back seat, rearranging the battery and back cover before pressing the power button. A rock of concern lay heavily in his gut for Kasie. He’d barely stopped the car when she nearly ripped the door off its hinges and took off, leaving her phone behind.

Placing his hands on the hot roof of the car, he kicked the tyre.

Damn! Someone should kick him. He'd been a brute.

Her reaction was his fault. He’d contributed to her sudden dismay. The knowledge sat heavily on his mind. He’d felt a shift in her mood; her silence all the way back to the hotel a very good indicator something was wrong. She hadn’t even bothered to fix her phone to make the call she’d wanted to make earlier.

At the time he’d thought she was going to call her father to have him arrested on some trumped-up charges because he’d spoken back to her. Just like Ruth Mbadiwe had done, accusing him of a crime he’d never committed. Ruth's actions had cost him his army career.

He slammed the car door shut, the old anger welling up in his chest, blurring his vision in red. He’d allowed a woman to make a fool of him once. He wasn’t going to let it happen again.

The sound of a blaring car horn jolted him back to the present. He looked at the phone in his hand.

What had been Kasie’s intention when she held her phone? He was no longer sure. The feeling of remorse crept over him, its wrenching chain tugging at his chest.

Had he accused her falsely? It was possible she’d wanted to call the car service to complain about him, as she’d done this morning. If this was the case then he needed to see her. He had to make sure she was all right. He couldn’t drive away with this guilt hanging over him.

He strode into the hotel lobby, to the reception desk.

"Good evening, Mr Ede. What can I do for you this evening?" the receptionist chirped.

A good thing Kasie wasn’t here, because his cover would have been blown by the receptionist’s familiar and jovial greeting. She’d have wondered how the receptionist knew his name on sight.

"Thank you, Tracy. I need the room number for Miss Kasie Bosa."

"Oh, she just walked into the lifts. Do you want me to call up to her room and tell her you’re here?"

"There’s no need. I’ll just go up. What’s the number?" He beamed a charming smile at her.

Tracy looked it up. "It’s room 330."

"Thank you, Tracy."

"Enjoy your evening, Mr Ede."

Michael ignored the lifts and took the stairs instead. Part-owning, the hotel with his friends had its perks. Tracy wouldn’t have given out the room number without calling up to the guest first. Hotel policy.

Taking the steps three at a time, he got to the third floor and walked down the hallway. 330 was at the end. Taking a deep breath first, he knocked on the door. There was no reply. He knocked again.

He heard a muffled, "Who is it?"

"Room service," he replied. He didn’t think Kasie would open the door if she knew it was him standing outside.

"I didn’t order any room service. Go away."

He knocked again, persistently. After a while, the door swung inwards. Kasie stood there, her face lowered and turned behind the door as if she was hiding it.

"Kasie," the word was torn from his lips when he saw her cowered state.

She jerked her head up. Her eyes – bloodshot, distressed. Her face, tear-stained.

His heart split, pain shooting through him. He knew instantly it was his fault. He’d hurt her.

Growling at his own high-handedness, he stepped into her room before she could react. Scooped her up, kicking the door shut with his foot. He carried her to the sofa, sat her in his lap and wrapped his arms around her.

She broke down again, her quiet sobs racking her body in tremors.

He rocked her body, soothing her with soft words.

"Obi m. Ndo. Ebezina." My heart. I’m sorry. Stop crying.





Chapter Five





Michael held Kasie against his chest, his hand rubbing lightly against her back; his voice low and, he hoped, soothing. He couldn’t explain the tension he felt, the ache in his heart as if someone had hacked it with an axe. He just knew he never wanted to see her like this again, like she’d looked when she’d opened her hotel suite door. Broken. Dejected. Distressed.

Where was the lioness he’d seen this morning? Where was the woman who’d gotten him so rattled, he’d been thinking of seeking shelter from her missile?

That woman he could deal with. He recognised her for what she was. A target. An opponent. He’d linked no emotions with her except maybe boredom and annoyance.

This one sobbing in his arms was a different proposition. This was a person. With feelings. Which he’d apparently hurt. Now he was the one feeling emotions he hadn’t felt in a very long time. Remorse. Sadness. Disgust.

He’d allowed his past experience with Ruth Mbadiwe to mar his encounter with Kasie. It had clouded his judgement. His friends were right. He wasn’t over Ruth if he was still punishing every other woman for her offences. He should’ve known better than to allow Kasie to goad him. No matter what.

What had happened to the man who’d sworn to protect the vulnerable? Had he been so blinded by his own past pain, he couldn’t see through Kasie’s aggression? It was simply a cloak for her susceptibility?

A low growl rumbled in his belly. His grip tightened on Kasie’s back. He took a few deep breaths before he loosened his hold on her.

"I’m sorry," he whispered, his words strangled in his throat.

He’d do whatever it took to make it up to her. If she’d ever forgive him. He took the sign that she let him hold her to be good. Maybe she’d forgive him.

He continued rocking her gently, steadily. Her body’s tremors calmed and her sobs quietened. He removed his white handkerchief from his trouser pocket, wiping her face. She didn’t look at him and kept her eyes lowered.

"Excuse me," she said quietly before wriggling off his lap and going into the bathroom.

While she was in there, he looked around the room. It was luxurious, clean and tidy, a mid-executive suite. Impersonal. Lonely.

Why did she choose to stay in a hotel, instead of an apartment since she was in Enugu quite regularly?

Earlier on today, while she’d been working, he’d been doing some investigation and found out some things about her and her family. It was a good thing he had connections in Enugu, especially in Apex Bank, since it was one of his biggest clients in the city.

The most surprising thing he’d discovered was that she had a sister who lived in the Coal City too. Why wasn’t Kasie staying with her? Most people would jump at the opportunity to stay with relatives especially if they were only visiting a place temporarily.

Although in most of those cases, saving on costs was probably a deciding factor. Well, Kasie didn’t have money problems. Her father was a wealthy king-maker and she had a well-paying job. Still, he couldn’t shake the feeling there was something odd about her situation.

Wondering why she was taking such a long time in the bathroom, he stood with the intention of knocking on the door.

It swung inward and Kasie stepped out, dressed in a white towelling robe, the belt cinched around her waist. She must have been in the shower. Her hair was pulled back off her face in a pony-tail style, her face clean, bare of makeup. She looked composed. Youthful. Vulnerable.

Seeing him, she halted by the door. Wariness flickered in her rust eyes before she lowered them to the floor. It was the first time he'd seen her appear uncertain of what to do or say.

With eyes still averted, she manoeuvred past him, going the long way past the sofa as if she purposely didn't want body contact with him. At the desk where she'd left the takeaway food bag, she withdrew the plastic box containing what she'd ordered.

"Michael, why are you here?" Her voice was calm, soft. A whisper. She still didn’t look at him.

Her subdued tone tugged at his heart, tendrils of warmth wrapped around his body. A frown squeezed his face as he recalled the reason he'd come to her in the first place.

"I brought this for you." He dug into his back pocket, removing her phone.

"Thank you. Please leave it on the coffee table." She turned her back to him and stroked her finger tips along the edge of the table.

He left the phone where she’d asked and straightened up. He wasn’t ready to go. Not yet. Not until they resolved this thing between them. It mattered to him. He just couldn’t explain why.

"Kasie, I--," he started.

"Michael," she said at the same time.

She whipped her head around, catching his eyes for the first time since she’d come out of the bathroom. Her brown eyes gleamed as her lips curled in a smile. A sad one. A fist squeezed his heart tightly. At least, she was smiling. It was a start. He pulled his lips up in a return smile.

"Please, you first," he said, lifting his hand up to urge her on.

Chest rising, she heaved a sigh before speaking.

"I want to apologise for my attitude today. It was out of order. I really don’t have an excuse." She shook her head as if debating something within herself. "I know it's probably a little too late but for what it’s worth, I’m sorry."

"I’m sorry too." Relieved, he took a step toward her.

"I shouldn’t have let you get to me. But..." He shrugged his shoulders.

Brown eyes studied him closely, expectantly.

"But what? You can’t stop there since we’re clearing the air."

Her smile widened, lighting up her face in a way he’d never seen it—a goddess bestowing favour to him. The tendrils around his body turned to swathes of warmth blanketing him in tenderness.

"From the first moment I saw you this morning, I’ve been..." he scrambled in his mind trying to search for the right word, the least offensive word. He finally settled for "tense."

A soft tinkling sound which sent warm shivers through him and tightness to his groin filled the room. It was the first time he’d seen her laugh. She was even more stunning with her face lit up and her body wracking with little tremors of delight.

He wanted to kiss her. Right now. To swallow the laughter into his belly. To feed on her joy and give her more reasons to laugh. He held himself back. She wouldn’t welcome it. Not after what had happened tonight.

"You, tense?" She managed to say between fits of giggles. "You’ve got to be kidding me, right?"

He shook his head. Her giggles died but her eyes still sparkled with amusement.

"You’ve been so unperturbed all day. I guess it was part of the reason I got even more annoyed. You looked so laid back, so in control. I thought, doesn’t anything ever faze this man? Well, that was until you lifted me out of the car. Then I knew I’d pushed you too far."

She lowered her eyes, shifting from one leg to the other, her body language exuding her guilt. Her remorse. He took another step to her. He didn’t want her feeling any shame.

"Kasie, you got to me, way before I dragged you out of the car into my arms. Which by the way, I had wanted to do all day." He stopped in front of her within arms length, close enough to feel her heat radiating toward him.

"What?" She fiddled, rearranging the items of the table, still not looking at him.

"From the first time I saw you, I’ve wanted to hold you, kiss you...make love to you."

She shook her head vigorously. Unbelievingly.

"Kasie, look at me." The urgency in his voice must have made her look up sharply. "It’s true."

He nodded, wanting her to see the truth in his eyes.

The look of hard disbelief remained in the depths of her brown eyes. After a little while she let out a soft sigh, the tension around her body easing.

"Ok." She said gently, shrugging her shoulders.

"So do you forgive me for my...how did your put it again...macho man antics?" he asked, holding his breath. For some reason it was important to him to hear her say the words of exculpation.

"I’ll forgive you as long as you forgive me for my rude behaviour too," she replied.

"You’re already forgiven." He forgave her when he kissed her earlier. His actions had not been wrought from anger but from desire.

Her lips lifted in a glorious smile, the sparkle back in her brown eyes. "Thank you. I’m glad we cleared the air."

"It’s not a problem. I’ll leave you to get a good night’s rest then." Now she appeared more relaxed, he could go home with less guilt. He couldn’t forgive his own actions so easily.

"Sure. You too. I’ll see you in the morning."

"Good night, Kasie." He gave her one last smile before heading to the door and letting himself out, his heart tonnes lighter.

***

Kasie woke the next morning in a lighter mood. Considering the disaster of the previous day, she'd managed to have a decent night's sleep. The first in a few weeks.

She never slept well in hotel rooms, hated being away from the security and comfort of her own home. But she'd taken this assignment in Enugu on purpose. She'd needed to get away from Lagos and the stresses in her life.

However, running from her problems wasn't going to resolve them. Today she would face up to them, and focus on mending fences with her family.

There was no point in blaming them for not reaching out to her, if she didn’t try reaching out to them either. They were still her blood relatives regardless of what had happened in the past. She’d start with her sister. It made sense since Kemafor lived in Enugu.

Before she stepped out of the lobby, she spied Michael standing by the car. She stopped and watched him for a moment through the glass of the rotating doors, not wanting him to see her yet.

He was in a white shirt, navy trousers and jacket. Though he was in the required smart uniform of a chauffeur sans the cap, there was nothing subservient about him. He stood tall. Proud. A man comfortable with his surroundings. A man in charge. His actions yesterday proved he didn’t have the eager-to-please appearance of other drivers she knew.

This was the reason she couldn’t understand why he was doing this job. He was an intelligent man. She saw it in his eyes. And the tightly-honed body of his didn’t come from sitting around in a car all day. So why driving?

Sadness, a heavy blanket, weighed her shoulders down. Absently, she rubbed a fist against her chest, the cool linen of her white and black panel dress, soft on her knuckles.

People did whatever it took to survive. Not everyone had the opportunities she had.

What was Michael's story?

Heat rose to her cheeks at the sudden personal interest she’d taken to him. Stiffening her back, she decided not to go there. Yes, after last night she'd made a reassessment of the kind of man Michael was. If she hadn't been a Grade A bitch yesterday, he wouldn’t have done what he did to take her pride down a peg.

He didn’t have to come up to her room afterward. He didn’t have to console her when she’d broken down in tears. He didn’t have to apologise. But he did all those things and had left her with some of her dignity regained.

Beneath the gruff image exterior beat a tender heart. Like her, he hid a different persona to the one he showed the world. This was the only reason she was curious about him.

Liar!

Pushing the swinging doors, she ignored the little voice in her head and walked out into the sunshine.

As soon as Michael noticed her, his beautiful lips widened in a smile. It lit up his face, diffusing the rugged edges and making him more stunningly attractive. A sense of relief washed over her. She let out the breath she hadn’t realised she was holding and curved her lips in a return smile as her body pulsed to life.

"Good morning, Michael." She kept her tone light. She was glad for the opportunity to start afresh with him without the spectre of yesterday’s debacle hanging over them.

"Morning, Kasie," he sounded upbeat as he took her laptop case and opened the car door. "I hope you slept well."

"I did, thank you," she replied before getting in.

He placed the bag on the seat next to her and shut the door, walking to the driver’s side. He got in and started the car engine. The silence stretched during the journey as neither of them spoke.

Was he thinking about last night?

She shifted uneasily in her seat and tugged at the wide collar of her dress. It wasn't embarrassment causing her to fidget. A different kind of heat twirled in her belly and turned her bones to lava.

"Michael, are we cool?" she asked tentatively wanting to make sure last night was in the past.

"Yes, we’re cool." He turned to glance over his shoulder, flashing a set of white teeth in a quick reassuring smile.

"Ok." She exhaled raggedly. "I want to ask a favour. Usually on a Friday, I finish early at Apex and head to the airport for my flight to Lagos. But this weekend, I’ll be in Enugu. So I need to get to the shops."

She paused, watching for his response. He just smiled back at her through the mirror as if waiting for her to continue.

"But I don’t really know the city very well," she continued. "Could you take me to a shopping mall, please? I’ll invite Franca along. I know you like her company."

She offered him Franca as a sweetener, though it pained her to do so. It seemed he preferred her friend. And she didn’t want to stand in their way if he was serious about Franca.

He didn’t respond immediately. Instead, he drove the car into the bank premises, parked it and switched off the engine. Unhooking his seat belt, he swivelled to face her. She wasn’t sure what to expect.

The sexy dimples on his cheek as he smiled warmly made her relax a little.

"Kasie, in case you haven’t figured it out yet, I’ll spell it out for you. Your friend Franca is nice and yes I like her." His words confirmed her fear. Her heart sank and she turned away as a stab of pain hit her stomach.

"But..." Michael reached out and took her hand into his large warm one. Tingles spread through her on contact.

"I really really like you. It would be my pleasure if you came out on a date with me tonight. So wherever you want to go, I’ll take you there. If you want to bring your friend along, that’s good too. But know it’s you I’m interested in, not your friend."

Stunned, she sat there immobile. Did he just say he really liked her? He’d actually used really twice. Her heart rate increased as he brushed her knuckles with his lips. A tremor travelled down her back.

His grey eyes were an almost green-grey hue when he smiled at her. Her heart somersaulted. Everything else faded away, Michael her only focus in the moment. Pictures of the two of them together, making love and making plans, flashed through her mind. Visions she'd never had before about any other man, even Anthony. Was he the one?

"What time do you want me to pick you up?" his voice, deep and gravelly, pulled her back to the present. Would she ever get used to hearing it?

"Eh? What?" She blinked; her brain distracted, unable to process a coherent thought.

"Shopping, remember?"

"Oh, two o’clock."

"I’ll be here."

His promise sent tingles of anticipation down her spine. He released her hand and walked round to open her door. She took her bags and stepped out. As she walked past him, her awareness of him hiked up, his heat wrapping around her. She almost leaned into him just to inhale a bit more of his spice.

"Have a nice day," he said; his voice a tender whisper halted her step and her heart.

"Same to you, Michael," she replied, feeling breathless as she walked into the bank lobby. Her heart leapt with hope.

She didn’t need to force the smile on her face when she greeted the receptionist. She was actually happy for the first time in weeks.





Chapter Six





In a cheerful mood, Kasie breezed through her work day, her eyes darting to the clock every time she had a break. Two p.m. couldn’t come fast enough.

Franca even made a remark about her being in a much better temperament than she’d been yesterday. She agreed, apologising to her friend for her awful behaviour. Franca asked her why she was suddenly in such good cheer. In response, Kasie just smiled unable to suppress the elation in her heart. In the end, with her friend’s persistence, she caved in, pulling Franca into Kasie’s office and shutting the door.

"It’s Michael. He’s asked me out on a date," she whispered, her grin as wide as a rainbow across the sky.

"You mean he actually gave you the time of day after your attitude yesterday," Franca said sourly, her eyebrow lifted in disbelief.

"I know." Kasie looked away in shame, walking back to her chair, when she recalled her grouchy behaviour. She didn’t want to tell her friend all that happened last night so she stuck to the basics.

"We had an argument after we dropped you off. I can tell you, he takes no prisoners when you’re on the wrong side of him." Kasie couldn’t hide the awe in her voice.

"You mean he actually stood up to you? Someone stood up to you at last?"

Kasie nodded, her chest feeling like it would burst with her joy. It was unbelievable even to her. And she actually liked it.

"Wow. You finally met your match. About time too, if you ask me," Franca said, moving to sit in the chair opposite Kasie’s.

Her friend was nothing if not candid. Previously Kasie would have taken offence but today she saw the truth in her words. Michael was indeed more than a match for her. The very thought excited her.

If only...

"Anyway after our argument—" Kasie said. Heat crept up her face as she recalled the exact details of their row.

"—I was upset when he dropped me off. But he came to my room to drop off my phone I’d left in the car. We talked and cleared the air."

"He came to your hotel room?" Franca said loudly, leaning forward attentively. "Tell me more."

"Shhh...Lower your voice. Do you want the whole floor to hear you?"

Kasie glanced around to make sure no one was standing outside the wooden partition separating her small office from the rest of the floor.

"We just talked, that's all. He’s really gentle beneath the hard masculine exterior."

She remembered the way Michael had held her, his large frame almost covering her body. His soft-spoken words, calming. His hands massaging her back, soothing. His body heat surrounding her, comforting. In those moments, she’d felt safe. Secure. At home.

For the first time in a long time.

"So what happened?" Franca words jarred her back from her musing. Her friend eyed her inquisitively.

Feeling hot despite the air conditioner, Kasie tugged the collar of her dress.

"Nothing happened. He went home. This morning we were civil to each other. More than civil. I told him I needed to go shopping after work. He told me he really liked me and wants to take me out on a date."

She inhaled deeply, still not believing it. She’d been hoping for cordiality between them. Instead Michael was offering her romance.

"I really really like you."

She’d been replaying those words in her head all day. Like a teenager with a crush. She had to laugh at her own silliness. Yet in her mind, she couldn’t shake the feeling he’d only said those words to make up for last night, somehow.

"Isn’t it great he asked you especially after the disappointment from your ex? Imagine daring to break up with you by text a few days before Valentine’s day too. I mean I’ve heard about people who do that but it is plain nasty," Franca said, her voice laced with anger.

"I personally think Michael is more man than insipid Anthony. I always thought Anthony was all flash and no substance, if you ask me."

"Hang on." Kasie turned on her friend. "How come you never told me you didn’t like Anthony?"

"Hello. I was hardly going to tell you to dump your dull and boring boyfriend. You would have accused me of trying to steal him for myself."

"True."

Kasie nodded in agreement. It had been known to happen. A wry smile curled her lips.

"Anthony was boring, wasn’t he?" He was nothing like Michael who’d set her senses into a confused state from the moment she’d set eyes on him.

"Yes!" Franca shouted almost jubilantly. They both burst out laughing.

It felt good to laugh again after the heartache of the past few days. Though she hadn’t admitted it at first, she’d been disappointed in herself for her failed relationship with Anthony. It was another thing her sister and father were going to hold against her. They liked Anthony.

Still, breaking up with Anthony had been the right thing to do. He could never offer her what she really wanted.

Now she understood why.

"So, did you say yes to Michael?" Franca asked her when she quelled her laughter.

"I haven’t given him a reply yet."

Appalled, Kasie covered her mouth with her hand when she realised how rude it would seem to Michael. She hadn’t meant it that way.

"Why not?" Franca frowned at her, confirming her suspicions.

"I was just too stunned at first to speak. I really hadn’t been expecting him to ask me out on a date." I thought he liked you, Kasie thought but didn’t say out loud.

"Then he opened the door and I walked out. The moment just passed."

"What? Girl, you can’t miss this opportunity." Franca had a serious frown on her face. "Otherwise, I’m going for him myself."

Instinctively, chills travelled down Kasie spine.

"Keep off Michael," she said a little too sharply. Franca reared back, studying her closely.

"Anyway, I thought you had a date with Gbenga, the Head of IT this weekend?" she added to diffuse the tension.

"It’s only a first date. Moreover, a girl’s got to keep her options open, right?" Franca said.

Blood drained from Kasie’s face making he feel light headed as she stared at her friend in horror and envy.

Franca burst out laughing.

"I was joking. Seriously, you should see your face. You look ready to tear my throat out. You’ve got it bad. No wonder you were in such a cranky state yesterday when I was chatting with him...Gosh, you’re in love with him."

"What? No way."

Partially relieved Franca had been teasing about going for Michael, Kasie shook her head not wanting to believe her friend’s words. She’d only known Michael for a day, for goodness sake. Nobody fell in love so quickly. Yet, her stomach fluttered at the thought of him, her heart daring to soar.

"You can deny it all you want but I could see it in your face just now. You are clearly smitten with Michael. It’s the reason you’ve been in a near euphoric state all day. You’ve been struck by cupid’s arrow."

Franca gave her the all-knowing look again. The tension eased out of Kasie body. She truly didn’t know what she’d do if Franca was genuinely interested in Michael. It was good to know she wasn’t.

"Yeah well, we’ll have to see what happens. He’s only asked me out on a date. I personally think he just wants to make up for upsetting me last night. I don’t think he really wants me," Kasie said as doubt and suspicion crept back into her mind.

"Of course, he wants you. He’s already asked you out. It is the first step. You better call him and say yes," Franca urged.

"Well, he’s picking me up at two, so we’ll see," Kasie replied with a nonchalance she didn’t feel. The fluttering in her stomach increased by the minute at the thought of seeing Michael again.

Franca glanced at her watch. "Well, it’s one-thirty so you better get a move on," she said and stood.

"Yes," Kasie swivelled in her chair to face her laptop.

Franca headed to the door. "Call me tomorrow and we’ll grab lunch and catch up."

"Sure. I’ll call you."

Franca left her to get ready. A little guilt crept up Kasie’s spine for not inviting Franca along to the shopping trip. But suddenly she wanted the time with Michael. Alone. Without distractions.

***

Just before two, Michael was in the car park of Apex Bank premises, waiting to pick up Kasie. He paced the distance around the car. For the first time in a very long time, he was anxious. Restless.

This morning he’d asked Kasie out on a date. In itself not a problem. His whole purpose for carrying on with this charade was to get her to date him. Just for a few days. He was a man on a mission. With a plan of action. His goal to prove to his friends he was over his ex, Ruth Mbadiwe.

Yet, he was worried. Ok. Maybe worried was the wrong word. There was no need to get dramatic. He was unsettled. A steady stream of discontentment had dropped over him since he left Kasie’s hotel room last night. Yesterday morning he didn’t have a problem about going through with the challenge set to him by his friends. However this morning, he’d woken up with thoughts of Kasie in his head.

He actually wanted to date Kasie. Not for a dare. Or a bet. Certainly, not for just a couple of days. He wanted to date her properly. Take her to dinner. To the movies. Stay home with her and watch TV. Get to know more about her. What inspired her? What challenged her? What made her laugh? What made her cry? He could make a good guess. Grimacing, he glanced at the entrance to the bank lobby.

Perhaps he should call Paul and cancel the bet. It would mean a forfeit. Giving up his precious Cessie. Was Kasie worth it? Was she worth the loss of something he’d worked hard to acquire? He was yet to find out.

The niggling notion that Kasie didn’t take him seriously prevented him from making the phone call. She still thought he was beneath her. Due to his status as a chauffeur. This bothered him the most. His blood boiled every time the idea crept into his mind. She’d shown her contempt from the moment she met him. Yes, they’d called a truce.

But leopards don’t change their spots, do they?

Moreover, she’d said nothing when he’d asked her out on a date. Neither yes nor no. Obviously, she didn’t want to dent his ego by refusing him outright. He was good enough as a driver. Someone to hang around with for a few hours while she shopped. But no more.

No, she didn’t respect him.

It didn’t matter how much she’d trembled in his arms last night. The sound of his name on her lips as she'd come apart in ecstasy had haunted his dream. The intoxicating scent of her skin, the way she'd heated up beneath his touch. The way she'd wanted him to make love to her in the back of the car.

None of those things mattered. When it came down to it, she didn’t even want to admit the attraction between them to herself. Let alone the rest of the world.

So for now, the deal was on. He was going to prove to himself, and his friends, he was as desirable as a chauffeur, as he was as a successful entrepreneur. Whatever the cost, he’d do it. He had to lay the ghost of Ruth Mbadiwe’s rejection to rest. Forever.

So when Kasie stepped out of the bank entrance, and his heart stopped for a moment, he ignored it.

Why was it he seemed to be on the verge of losing his control every time he saw her?

She’d mentioned he’d appeared calm yesterday. He was good at looking unperturbed in the face on danger. It was a skill he’d learned. It served him well now. He wouldn’t be baring his soul to her again. He was a man. In control. It would remain this way.

Today, her black and white striped dress flattered her curvy figure. As usual, she appeared composed. Sophisticated. She smiled, her lips pulling up when she looked at him. He noticed her dimples. Beautiful. Her ruby red lips, luscious and inviting.

The urge to go to her had him straightening up. He wanted to pull her to his chest and kiss her lips. Till she was out of breath. He wanted to put his fingers through her hair and let it cascade down. He wanted to make her look as tousled and sexy as she’d looked last night in the back seat of the car.

Instead he took a deep breath and smiled in return. He didn’t approach her, letting her come to him instead. This was his game. He’d play it as he chose.

"Are you ready to go?" he asked as she approached the car.

"Yes. Do you have a good mall in mind?" she stopped within touching distance, staring up at him. Her fragrance drifted into his nostrils. Bewitchingly intoxicating. His grip on the car door tightened.

"Yes, I know the perfect place." For you to spend daddy’s money.

He couldn't help the cynical thoughts in his head. He got into the driver’s seat and drove out of the bank premises.





Chapter Seven





For the rest of the day they shopped. Well, Kasie shopped. Michael kept her company, waited and carried the bags for her. The encounter with him had given her the impetus to do something about all the things going wrong in her life. While she was still a little wary of him, not knowing what to do with him, she’d accepted she was attracted to him. However, right now there were other things she needed to focus on getting right. Her family for one.

Earlier on, she’d called her sister and left several messages. As usual, Kemafor didn’t return her calls. Kasie really wanted to mend the bridges she had been demolished by her attitude to her family. Though she’d ignored it for months, she was going to be brave and face her fears this weekend.

In one of the shops they visited, the shop assistants mistook Michael for her friend, though she’d used the word boyfriend. Kasie had stolen a quick glance at Michael. He’d lifted his brow in a scowling expression. She concealed the smile creeping up her face behind her hand.

Michael was no boy. He was all man. Commanding. Strikingly good-looking. Adept at handling a woman. Thinking of him, his warm hands on her body brought a feverish flush over her skin.

On the way out of the shop, their hands brushed each other’s, a bolt of static travelling up her arm. They both stopped, stood still, mesmerised by the moment. The heated expression on his face made her think he was going to kiss her. Right there in front of the shop assistant. Heart pounding, she wished he would. She didn’t care who saw them. Instead, he looked away and walked out of the shop with her shopping bags.

When they got to the car, it occurred to her he’d been unusually silent during their shopping trip.

What was on his mind? Was he thinking about the question he asked her this morning?

He loaded the shopping bags in the boot before holding the door open for her.

As she stepped into the car, she reached out and touched his arm, looking up at his expressionless face.

"Michael, you asked me out on a date earlier? Is the offer still available?"

He quirked up his eyebrow, the only visual sign he registered her words.

"It is," he said.

"Then I’d love to go out to dinner with you."

"Okay."

Something about his unenthusiastic response got to her. Where was the warm glimmer she’d seen in his eyes this morning when he’d asked her out?

"I mean I don’t mind paying for dinner or going halves if you want," she said in a casual tone, still holding his cool gaze.

"I’m a man. I asked you out on a date. So I’ll be paying for the date."

"If you’re sure. I don’t—"

"Kasie, I’m sure. I’m paying," Michael cut her off, his lips in a thin line. His grey eyes were almost silver as he stared her down showing his determination. She looked away.

"Ok."

She shrugged, getting into the car. She didn’t know how much he earned. But she realised his response fitted with his whole macho behaviour. He was one of those men who opened doors and paid for everything. If it was the way he wanted it, then it was fine by her.

They drove back to her hotel in near silence.

"I’ll pick you up at 7pm," he said after he’d given her bags to the hotel porter.

"I’ll see you then." She walked into the hotel while he drove off.

***

When Michael picked her up, she decided to sit in the front passenger seat since they were going out together and he was officially off duty.

Dinner was surprisingly pleasant. The restaurant was modest and decorated with red hearts and red flowers against the white of the walls. The low Afro beat music playing in the background were mostly love songs. Very apt, considering today was Valentine's Day.

They sat them in a cosy corner booth where they had some privacy and still have a view of the rest of the space. The food was local, decent and not overpriced.

Before he picked her up, she’d hoped he wouldn’t take her to an expensive restaurant when he couldn’t afford to. Most men always wanted to impress her by taking her to expensive restaurants. This was where Michael was different. He was being himself. Spending according to his means. It made her admire him more.

They talked politics, economics—topics she somehow didn’t expect Michael to be conversant with but he was. They also talked sport, soccer especially, though he didn’t dwell on it like she’d expected.

Truthfully, he was the perfect gentleman—the kind of man she’d date in an ideal world. They didn’t live in an ideal world.

Moreover, this was the wrong time for her to be thinking about dating someone like him. She was trying to sort things out with her family. They wouldn’t approve of a man like Michael especially so soon after Anthony. Maybe in a few months when things were settled, she could take it further. Right now, she had to think about how to win her family over.

Throughout dinner, each time their eyes met, her heart skipped a beat. The sound of his voice resonated within her. The energy between them grew. Her body coiled tight with lust in response. She sensed he was holding back, keeping a tight rein on his own desires.

"So are the rest of your family in Lagos?" he asked as she scooped chocolate ice cream onto her mouth.

She took her time savouring and swallowing the delightful dessert before answering. It also gave her time to compose her response. She usually didn't discuss her family with anyone other than Franca.

"My parents are in Lagos with my younger siblings." She hesitated. "But my big sister lives here in Enugu."

"Interesting." He took as sip of his black coffee. "Your sister lives here and you stay in a hotel all week?"

Lifting her shoulders in a casual shrug that was purely superficial, she drew circles in the bowl with the spoon distractedly.

"I didn't mean to pry." There was softness to his voice and she lifted her eyes to meet his. His smile was sympathetic as if he knew what troubled her soul.

"I'm just not a fan of hotel rooms. Whenever I travel, I'm in a rush to get back home so I can sleep in my own bed."

She smiled.

"How similar we are then. I don't like hotel rooms either. But needs must. So do you travel often?" she asked to divert attention from herself. Questions about her family always reminded her of how much of a failure she was to them.

This time it was his turn to shrug.

"Often enough. It comes with the job." his answer was evasive as if he was also hiding something. "Couldn't you request to be transferred back to Lagos?"

"I could but I don't want to." She exhaled a deep sigh. "The truth is I took this assignment because I wanted to get away from Lagos. I needed some breathing space."

As if he could sense her torture, he leaned across and covered her hand with his. Calloused palm caressed the back of her hand tenderly.

"It's okay to want to take a break sometimes. All part of human nature. It gives us time to think clearly and look at things from a fresh perspective."

His words soothed her troubled mind.

"It certainly does. At least it showed my ex-boyfriend for whom he truly was." She gave a dry laugh. "We broke up yesterday morning."

The grip he had on her hand tightened perceptively and a vein ticked on his temple.

"You ex is a fool for letting you go." Something dark swam across his eyes. She blinked and it was gone.

"His loss, my gain."

Mesmerised by his intense gaze, her knees grew weak as he lifted her hand and brushed sensuous lips against her knuckles.

Dear Lord! Franca is right. I'm falling for him.

After dinner, they headed back to her hotel. When they arrived, she reached across and touched his arm. His warm skin seared her palm like an open flame and she pulled back her hand quickly.

"Michael, don’t worry. I’ll see myself out. I really enjoyed dinner tonight. Thank you." Was the husky voice hers? She really had to get out of the car before she did something stupid like ask him to kiss her.

She turned to open the car door. The feel of his hands on her shoulders got her swivelling around to face him. His darkened grey eyes were the midnight sky sparkling with fiery stars.

"It was my pleasure," his voice sounded like a car rolling on gravels.

Before she could reply, his lips merged with hers, shutting her up, sending all thoughts out of the window. His kiss was packed with passion. Soul-searing. Bone-melting. Her heart raced, her stomach fluttered, desire for him swarming her body with powerful shameless sensations.

She didn’t know how long he kissed her. Only that she didn’t want it to end.

Michael pulled back, leaving her bereft of his touch as he came round and opened her door. He bid her good night with a gentle brush of his lips on her cheek. As she walked to the hotel lobby doors, her legs felt like they were made from jelly. Would she ever get another man to make her feel this way?

***

The next day, Michael picked Kasie up and drove to her sister’s house in GRA, Ekulu. On the way, to combat her apprehension, she told Michael an idea had occurred to her last night.

"Why don’t you move to Lagos?" she asked emboldened by the growing bond between them.

"Why?" he asked casually, not giving much away by the tone of his voice.

"I can speak to my father. He’s very well connected and can help you get a job. It’ll pay much better than whatever you’re earning right now," she continued.

"What’s the price for this great enticing job offer? My soul?" he turned to her, giving her a heated glare.

She reared back, surprised by his reaction. Glaring back at him, she queried his attitude.

"What do you mean? Don’t you want to do better than just driving hire cars? Don’t you want to get out of Enugu and move to Lagos? Everyone else does. What makes you different, Mr High-and-mighty?"

"Oh, I didn't know Lagos is now the centre of the universe." His words mocked her.

"I’ll have you know some of us are quite happy down here. No, thank you, but I won’t take a job offer from your father," he replied caustically.

Fuming, she ignored Michael for the rest of the drive to Ekulu. She couldn’t believe he could be so pigheaded. So short-sighted. There were loads more opportunities in Lagos than Enugu. Surely he could see. Anyway, this would teach her to try to help him again. Next time, she’d mind her own business.

When they arrived, they were made to wait at the gates because her sister hadn’t been expecting her. The security man opened the gates and Michael drove in. Her sister, resplendent in gold and burgundy organza, stood in the portico to the large white colonial style mansion. The front garden had rows of chrysanthemums plants. Her sister’s husband was a senator and they owned houses both in Abuja and Enugu.

Kasie stepped out not waiting for Michael to open the door. From her sister’s expression, Kasie guessed she wasn’t too pleased to see her.

Anxious butterflies fluttered in her stomach and she tugged at her skirt nervously as she approached her sister. Kemafor was five years her senior, yet sometimes it felt like there was a millennium between them.

"Sister Kem, good afternoon," she greeted her sister jovially.

"Kasie, why didn’t you call to say you were coming? You’re lucky you found me at home," Kemafor replied abruptly, her irritation obvious on her face.

"I’ve been calling your phone with no response so I decided to come down since I didn’t get a reply," Kasie said, hoping her sister would at least give her an audience.

They hadn’t seen each other in months. She hadn’t been expecting a friendly welcome from her sister. Still, a civil one would be a good start. Her sister didn’t seem to agree.

"So who is this with you? Is he your driver or what?" Kemafor asked malevolently, her insolent gaze focused on Michael who was now standing beside Kasie.

Kasie cringed with shame. Her sister was the mistress of haughtiness. In fact Kasie had learnt everything she knew from her elder sister. Kemafor certainly didn’t think a driver should be standing beside his employer within hearing shot of conversations. Any chauffeur worth his salt would wait in the car. Not stand protectively close. Like an equal.

She stole a glance at Michael. He stood beside her, like her champion. Her protector. Anyone would think she was stuck in the Middle Ages and he was a knight here to rescue her from the wicked step-mother or something. She nearly smiled. His expression masked his thoughts. She saw a vein ticking on his temple. Like a time bomb waiting to explode. He wasn’t as calm as he appeared.

"This is Michael. He’s my friend... Michael, this is my older sister, Kemafor." She turned back to her sister who was studying Michael curiously.

"It’s nice to meet you, ma’am," Michael said coolly.

"Is he the reason you broke up with Anthony?" her sister asked, totally ignoring Michael’s greeting.

"What?" Flabbergasted, Kasie’s body tensed up. "Anthony called you?"

"Of course he called me. The poor man couldn’t believe your irrational behaviour. Is this what you want to do for the rest of your life? Flit from one man to another?"

Kasie visibly flinched like she’d just been slapped by her sister. Kemafor’s words were the equivalent of a hot smack on her face. Still, her sister hadn’t finished her verbal attack.

"Well, you know better than to just turn up at my house with strangers unannounced. You have to leave and come back another time," Kemafor continued.

"Kem, come on. I’m here now. Can’t I just stay for a little bit longer, please? I’d really like to talk to you. I don’t know what Anthony told you but I’d like to explain."

Kasie's stomach twisted with shame and fear her sister would throw her out without giving her a few minutes of her time. In front of Michael too. What would he think of her family?

"No, you can’t stay because I’m on my way out. Call me and we can arrange a more suitable day for your visit," Kemafor insisted, shaking her head.

"What about tomorrow? Are you free tomorrow?"

"Tomorrow is not good. I have other arrangements."

"Madam, I have to say your attitude stinks," Michael cut in before Kasie could plead further.

"Your sister is here from Lagos. It’s obvious you haven’t seen each other for a long time and she’s come all the way out here to see you specially. The least you could do is offer her a few minutes of your time before you head off to wherever you’re going. I don’t know what kind of family you have here but this seriously stinks."

Michael put his hand on Kasie’s shoulders and turned her toward the car. She went willingly, happy for his support, all her energy drained from her sister’s continued nasty behaviour. She’d really hoped they could get a fresh start. Obviously not.

"I beg your pardon," Kemafor raised her voice. "Who are you to talk to me in that manner? You have no place saying such things about my family. It’s none of your business."

"It is very much my business because you upset Kasie. And anyone who hurts her hurts me. You can be sure next time she comes back it’ll be because you begged her to come back."

Michael opened the car door for Kasie who was silent and still appeared gobsmacked by her dismay, her skin now a pale colour. His anger rose in response.

"And my name is Michael Ede in case you were wondering. You can take that to the bank too."

He shut the door and left Kemafor seething from his words, her anger obvious on her distorted face. He didn’t care. He wouldn’t stand for anyone treating Kasie badly regardless of their familial connection. He got into the car, and squeezed her hand before driving the car out of her sister’s gates.

Glancing over to Kasie, he noted she was staring out of the window away from him. He wondered what she was thinking. She probably wasn’t happy with him for what he’d said. Being acerbic to her sister hadn’t been the best. But he couldn’t have just stood there and allowed anyone to talk to down to her.

Standing there beside her at Kemafor’s house, Kasie’s shoulders had slumped in dejection as she listened to her sister cruel words. Despite her glossy exterior, Kasie was sensitive. And she wanted to do the right thing by her family. Yet those same people were hurting her. There and then, it’d hit him. He’d do anything to protect her from hurt.

He'd fallen for her.

He didn’t know how it’d happened except in the space of two days she’d gotten under his skin. She meant the world to him. The discovery shocked him, giving him pause for thought. He didn’t even know what he was going to do about it. He just knew how he felt.

She was the one for him.

Giving her another glance, she was now looking out of the windshield still not saying anything. He looked closely. Her eyes were bright and shimmered with unshed tears. Feeling his heart ram into his ribcage, he growled deeply and pulled the car over on the grass verge.

Snapping off his seatbelt with one hand, he pulled Kasie into his arms with the other, releasing her from her seatbelt. Gently, he caressed her back. Her head rested on his chest, his chin on her hair. He gritted his teeth to control his anger. He hated to see her upset. The urge to punch a wall swept through him.

Instead he held her supple body as tightly as he could in the confined space of the car, soothing her with gentle words, her light fragrance tickling his nostrils. She didn’t sob or break down. He pulled back and looked at her face. She smiled sadly at him through her long black lashes.

"I’m alright," she whispered. He had to strain to hear her words.

He tilted his head to the side.

"Really?" he paused watching her smile widen but still tinged with sadness. His heart contracted tightly. "Listen. Don’t worry about your sister. I’ll take you somewhere where I can guarantee you’ll be welcome."

"Where?" Kasie asked, her voice barely above a whisper. He figured she was still trying to hold back from breaking down. He so wanted to go back and shake some sense into Kemafor. How could the woman be so insensitive?

"Not too far away. But I can’t tell you. It’s a surprise." It was a surprise to him too. He’d just made the decision after seeing how upset she was. It was totally spontaneous. Unlike him.

"Ok. Surprise me. The day can’t get any worse, right?" She shrugged as if in defeat.

"It won’t. I promise," he replied and started the car again.

He drove out of the city into the countryside. His hometown was just a few miles from the Coal city, one of the reasons he’d come back to live in Enugu. One of the reasons he always felt at home here. They were there in thirty minutes. He drove into his family compound.

"Where is this? Your hometown?" she asked, her facial expression awash with curiosity, her lips lifted in a tentative smile.

"Yes, this is my family home," he replied, glad her sadness was gone.

There were two buildings next to each other—a large modern two-storey building and a low bungalow both painted magnolia. His mother came out of the bungalow when they arrived. She’d refused to live in his newly built house claiming she wanted to stay in the house she’d lived with her husband.

So he’d constructed an extension to the existing house his grandfather had built. Today it came in handy. He wanted to see how Kasie would cope without the luxury of mod cons for a few hours.





Chapter Eight





"Your mother is a great woman."

Michael and Kasie sat in the car on their way back to the city. The afternoon had gone better than he’d expected. Kasie had amazed him. The decision to take her to his hometown had been made on the spot when he’d seen how her sister had behaved toward her. He’d wanted to take her somewhere to distract her and make her feel better.

"She is. I wouldn’t be what I am today without her," Michael replied with a smile when Kasie glanced at him.

When they arrived at his village, it had occurred to him it might not be the right place to bring her since she was a woman who was used to living in luxury. Being in his mother’s bungalow would be beneath the standard Kasie was accustomed to.

He’d been wrong. Kasie got on with his mother brilliantly. She’d seemed so much at home, working and chatting with his mother in the kitchen while they prepared a meal.

He couldn’t reconcile the snotty woman of the previous day with the humble one in his mother’s kitchen. Had she just been putting on a front? He’d watched her closely like he was doing now. She’d seemed natural.

"She reminds me of my grandmother. I now understand your reluctance to leave Enugu," Kasie continued conversationally.

"She’s the only close relative I have remaining, the only woman who’s ever loved me unconditionally. Because she’s getting old, I go to see her every week." Michael shrugged. His mother was the most important person in his life.

Kasie turned to look at him with a curious smile. "She told me you’d never brought any woman home before. Why? Surely you’ve had girlfriends in the past."

"Yes, I’ve had them." He shrugged and smiled sheepishly. "I guess I’ve never really thought about it. It wasn’t like I’d planned to take you there. It was purely spur-of-the-moment."

"Well, she might be expecting wedding bells." Kasie laughed, the nervous tinkle affecting him in the most basic way. His gut tightened. "If she’s anything like my relatives."

His laughter rumbled out confidently. He’d never had to worry about his mother badgering him. She was one person who believed when he met the right woman, he’d marry.

"I think my mother’s given up on reminding me about a wife and children," he said instead.

"Will you do it though?" she questioned him, a frown marring her flawless chocolate skin.

"What?"

"Get married soon. I can understand her concern. You are the only child. By default you are expected to keep the family line going. My grandmother was so excited when my sister gave birth. She’d lived to see her great-grand children. It was quite an occasion."

"I’m sure it was. When I meet the right woman, I’ll marry," he said self-assuredly.

He wasn’t one of those men who had sworn off marriage. He’d just never been ready before. Was he ready now? If Kasie was the right woman, then he was. He just had to find out how she felt first.

"Out of curiosity, how would you know the right woman?" she asked as if reading his mind.

"Why do you want to know? Are you interested in applying for the position?" he said in jest before stealing a glance at her. Her face lost its colour as she blanched in discomfort.

"Of course not, I’m just asking. Just curious, that’s all," she stuttered, looking away from him. But he could read her so easily.

"The truth is there isn’t a picture of the right woman in my head. I just know when I meet her I’ll know."

"Okay."

Kasie tried to hide the disappointment in her voice. It was obvious Michael hadn’t met the right woman yet. Embarrassed, she changed the subject.

"I’m going to call the airline and see if I can change my flight to an early one tomorrow morning. I don’t see the point in staying on in Enugu since my sister won’t even see me."

"Don’t rush to change your flight yet. She might still change her mind," Michael said, smiling encouragingly.

"I doubt it. Didn’t you see her face? I can’t believe we’ve let things slide so much. I’ll just have to go and see my parents when I get back to Lagos."

Kasie’s grandmother would be turning in her grave knowing members of her family weren’t even speaking to each other. She’d been the glue holding their family together. Shame it had disintegrated after her death.

Michael took her hand. As always his warmth permeated her skin, calming her jangled nerves. "Don’t worry about your sister. If she’s too conceited to see you’re trying to make peace, then you’re better off without her."

Kasie nodded but didn’t say anything. If only it was easy to ignore. Seeing Michael’s mother had made her yearn for the closeness missing from her family. It used to be there. Things had started going wrong after she’d refused to marry the son of a senator her father had set her up with. Her sister had married a member of the Senate. It had been expected Kasie would follow suit in marrying a man chosen by her father.

When she didn’t, her father got angry with her. She didn’t have anyone for support. Her stepmother was of no help, concentrating on her own children. Her sister stopped talking to her. Her grandmother, who’d been like a mother to her since her own mother died, had passed on. She was alone.

Except, when she was with Michael.

It was ironical being with Michael sowed the seed to reconnect to her family. He’d given her a new upbeat outlook. She was learning new things about herself. Learning to live her life in full again despite what had happened. Just like learning to dance after it was all over. Her desire for him grew each day. Still, she knew it wasn’t possible to have him and her family at the same time. They would never accept someone like him.

Moreover, he didn’t want her, at least not permanently. He didn’t see her as wife material. He’d said as much just now.

"...there isn’t a picture of the right woman in my head. I just know when I meet her I’ll know."

She obviously wasn’t the right woman. So there was no point in thinking about it. Was it possible to have a little more of him? Tomorrow she’d return to Lagos to begin to patch up her relationship with her father and the rest of her family.

Today she had Michael. He was sitting right next to her. She needed to summon the courage to do something. She didn’t want him to just drop her off and leave. She wanted him to stay tonight.

When he stopped the car in the car park and stepped out to open her door, she took a deep breath.

Here goes nothing.

"Michael—"

He didn’t let her finish. He pulled her up and kissed her gently, deeply. Sighing, she leaned into him, opening up eagerly for his kiss. She’d wanted him to do it all day. She’d missed his warmth, his hardness, his power.

"I’ve had a great day," he whispered against her lips, warm air tickling her cheeks.

"The day doesn’t have to end yet. Come inside with me," she replied, her voice sounding husky to her ears.

Michael lifted his head, his grey eyes, darkened to the colour of the night. Concerned. Intense. Smouldering.

"Are you sure?" he replied, his voice low and rumbling deep like a growl.

She nodded and smiled. "I’m sure."

How she managed to walk into the hotel she didn’t know. Her legs had turned to jelly. Luckily there was no one else in the lift. Michael held her close. His arms around her waist. Her head on his shoulders. She listened to the erratic beat of his heart.

They quickly walked down the hallway to her room. He took her key, opening the door and allowed her to go in first. She walked to the table, put her bag down and stood, suddenly uncertain of herself. She heard Michael shut the door but didn’t turn around.

"Kasie, you are strong, amazing and beautiful."

The deep emotion in his voice made her swing around. Michael stood right in front of her. The dark hungry look in his eyes made her heart stumble.

She wasn’t sure if she floated to him. All she knew was she was in his arms. He kissed her, like a man starving. She kissed him back putting all the passion she had into the kiss, knowing in this moment he was the man she loved. He was the man who had saved her, given her life a purpose again. The man she’d have to give up.

But for now she had him. She’d love him without holding back.

He lifted her and carried her to the bed, kissing her all the time. Her face, her hair, her neck. He laid her down, his hand running down her body. Heat searing a path through her. She’d thought she’d lost herself the first night he’d kissed her. Tonight she gave herself freely. Happy to lose herself. Knowing what she gained was immense. No one else had ever given her this much passion. This much pleasure.

She moved her hands down his body unbuttoning his shirt. He leaned back letting her, his intense eyes held hers in a gaze connected to her soul. She couldn’t look away even if she’d wanted to. When she undid the buttons, he pulled the shirt off flinging it into a corner.

Her eyes were fixated on the expanse of his broad shoulders and toned chest. She’d known from the first day she’d seen him how well toned he was. It hadn’t prepared her for seeing his bare dark skin, and raw masculinity. His muscles flexed as he moved his arms. She gulped in air. Her body flushed with heat.

He kissed her again tenderly, reverently like she was the most precious thing. He leaned over, tugging her dress up. She lifted herself and he pulled it over her head.

Michael leaned back watching Kasie, unable to move his gaze away. She was exquisite dressed only in burgundy lace and silk bra and knickers. The mere sight of her was pushing him out of control. He’d promised himself their first time together he’d be gentle and take it easy. Not like the crazy passion-filled incident the other night in the car.

Yet now he knew he was close to losing his control. Whereas the other night, she’d let him take the lead. Tonight she wasn’t being shy about showing what she wanted. The way she touched him, her soft moans, the way she moved her body showed him without a doubt what she wanted. Him. And it was driving him crazy.

It had only been days. Yet it seemed like a lifetime since he last held her like this. Since he’d smelled her, orange blossoms fragrance mixed with her essence. He’d tasted her delightfulness, a confectionery of sweet and spice on her sumptuous skin. Since he’d felt the smooth slenderness of her beautiful body.

He cupped her breasts through the lace, rubbing his thumbs over her taut nipples, watching them blossom before him. She let out another soft sob, pushing her body toward him. A growl rumbled in his belly.

He took a nipple into his mouth, teasing its bud. The wetness of his tongue collided with the heat rising from her body and the friction from her bra causing the nipple to harden further.

His hand moved down her belly, her smooth skin hot to the touch. She moved her hands to his belt buckle, fumbling with it for a moment. It came apart and her hand was undoing his zip. He held his breath. Waiting. Expecting.

Then she was cupping his arousal, through his boxer shorts, the feel of her hand nearly driving him insane. He pulled back, taking his trousers and his boxer shorts off in one movement, his shoes already discarded.

He looked at her. The look of adoration in her eyes nearly floored him. It filled his heart with tenderness. He wanted this woman more than he’d ever wanted anybody else. Anything else.

He wanted her in his life permanently.

The realisation was sobering. He needed to tell her the truth and call off the bet. He didn’t care if he lost the Cessna. This woman was more important. There was no point in waiting. She needed to know how he felt before they made love. This was it for him.

He moved toward her and sat on the bed. "Kasie, I love you."

Her body froze. She looked shocked for a brief moment before her face broke into a glorious smile and she leapt at him.

"Oh you don’t know how much I wanted to hear you say it. I love you too!"

"Really? Are you sure."

"Of course, I am. Now stop talking and show me how much you love me."

"There’s something else I have to tell you."

"Hmmm..." but she wasn’t listening as she stroked his hard length with her hand, licking her lips.

All thoughts deserted him as his rein on his control broke. Hooking his fingers into the knickers, he yanked them off. He reached into his trouser pocket and pulled out a foil of condom. She took it from him, tore it open and rolled it on.

Bending over, he parted her thighs with his knee, his hand played with her hooded flesh and his tongue tasted. She was chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream. All things nice. Her hands held his head as his lips caressed her centre, making her come apart again and again.

He moved up her, lifting her hips with his hands and sinking into her. She cried out, her voice high each time he rocked into her, her body’s movement meeting his, matching his.

With his hands he removed her bra, and he took her nipple into his mouth, alternating between them. Soon he felt her shuddering around him again as she came apart. A few more strokes and he joined her, finally letting go of his past and succumbing to this woman as his future.





Chapter Nine





The sound of the phone ringing woke Kasie up. She opened her eyes and tried to raise her head but realised there were limbs wrapped around her. Suddenly alert, she looked at the face of the man in her bed and the events of last night came rushing back.

Michael had stayed with her. He held her, her body spooned into his; his solid chest and legs against her back. He’d made love to her like no one ever had. They’d made love all night, Michael worshipping her body. No other man had ever given of himself so generously before seeking his own pleasure.

Smiling to herself, her body heated up as she remembered every touch, every caress, and every kiss. Never had she given her body to any other man the way she'd given herself to Michael.

Knowing Michael loved her had made it more special. It had given her the strength to decide to tell her family about him. If they didn’t like him it would be their loss. She wasn’t going to give him up just to make them happy.

He might just be a driver now but he was a smart man and soon he’d be much more. He could set up his own firm. She’d finance it from her savings. She wouldn’t have to ask her father for anything. She hoped her family would accept him. It would be the best thing all round.

The phone started ringing again. Gently, she tried to move Michael’s arms so she could get out of bed without waking him. His arm tightened around her.

"Don’t move," his deep voice resonated within her.

She turned. He was awake and smiling at her. He leaned in and kissed her.

"I’ve got to answer the phone. It’s been ringing for a while," she said breathlessly against his lips when he broke the kiss.

"I can think of other things to do this morning."

"I know. But let me answer it quickly and we’ll get to those things without any disturbance."

"I’ll hold you to that."

He swiped her bottom as she shimmied out of the bed. She walked to the table and took her ringing phone out of her handbag. Surprised, she lifted her eyebrows after noting it was her sister calling. Michael had been right when he’d said Kemafor would call Kasie before the weekend ran out.

"I’ll take it in the bathroom," she said before walking into the bathroom and shutting the door.

Michael stared at the closed door, the image of Kasie standing naked still in his head.

Would he ever get enough of her? He didn’t think so.

What would it take to make her his permanently? First he needed to phone his friends and call off the stupid bet. Then tomorrow he was going to shop for the best engagement ring he could find.

But first he had to tell Kasie about him. About whom he really was. He wasn’t a low-income chauffeur. He was an entrepreneur with a personal worth of millions of dollars.

She’d proven herself more than worthy. Regardless of how exasperating she could be sometimes, she was still a passionate and loving woman. He loved all of her.

He wanted her as his wife. When she’d said he’d never taken any woman to his hometown before, it was true. He’d never thought any woman worthy of the special event of meeting his mother. Yet Kasie had made it easy for him to do without much thought.

The door to the bathroom opened and she stepped out. She wore the white towelling robe. He wondered why she’d bothered since he’d only be taking it off in a few seconds.

When she turned to look at him, he knew something was wrong. Gone was the ecstatic woman who had been in his arms last night till early this morning. In its place was the condescending, exasperating woman who wound him up.

"What’s your name?"

As soon as she asked him, he knew the game was up. His stomach sank and anger laced his veins because he hadn't told her first. Who had she been speaking to on the phone?

"That's a silly question. You know my name already – Michael Ede."

"Yes, silly me. Of course I know your name." Her eyes flashed angrily. "I meant who are you? Because you are certainly no chauffeur."

He got out of bed and pulled on his trousers. If they were going to have this conversation right now, he needed to be dressed. Being naked gave her the power. He’d made a mistake but there was no reason not to be in control.

"Kasie, sit down. Let’s talk."

"I don’t want to sit down," she screeched. "I just want to know who the hell I spent the night with. Is that too much to ask?"

If her eyes could shoot daggers, he’d have a few stuck in his body right now.

He understood her anger. Two days ago it wouldn’t have mattered to him. He’d have taken it in his stride; after all he’d achieved his aim. Today things had changed. It was no longer about a bet. He didn’t care about his airplane. He cared about Kasie and this thing between them.

"Calm down. There’s no need to raise your voice," he said as his own irritation rose. He couldn’t believe he’d left it this late. Last night he’d been so consumed with connecting with her, he’d failed to do the right thing and tell her the truth.

"Calm down? No need to raise my voice? Really?"

She palmed her face in exasperation.

"There I was thinking I’d spent the night with the man I love only to wake up this morning and find out he’s not a chauffeur. In fact he owns the car hire company and several other businesses across Nigeria."

"Yes, it’s true. I own Prestige cars and other businesses including the airline you travel with and this hotel. Who told you about me?"

She stared at him as if it all suddenly made sense, her eyes wild. "My sister told me."

She shook her head and turned away. "Why were you pretending to be a driver?"

He guessed it was her sister. When he told Kasie’s sister his name yesterday, he’d been expecting her to investigate him. Yet he hadn’t thought she’d move this quickly. He’d assumed he’d have time to tell Kasie first. It was a shame she had to find out like this but he had to tell her everything.

"On Wednesday, I was with my friends at the hotel bar when you walked in. You looked so untouchable, my friends decided to set a challenge for me. I was to get you to fall for me or lose my private plane." he grimaced as he said the words, his own guilt washing over him.

"But I was only to do it as someone whom you’d consider beneath you. At the time I didn’t know you. Only saw you as the stuck-up ice princess. Now I know it was all a facade. I’m sorry."

When she turned around her eyes blazed with her rage. She stepped toward him, her fingers jabbing his chest.

"I know I’ve heard about some crazy things but this has to be the lowest, the meanest. I was there, ready for you last night, thinking this man loves me. What a fool I was."

His heart broke. He couldn’t take her words anymore as they cut deep within his soul. He’d let her down. He wanted to make it up to her. Right now he just wanted to stop her words.

So he kissed her, passionately, whispering "I’m sorry," with "I love you," against her lips.

After a while she relented and kissed him back. He carried her back to bed making love to her again, seeking absolution in her arms. Spent, he dozed off glad she’d let him back in again.

Later he was woken by a knock on the door. He stirred reaching for Kasie. She wasn’t lying next to him. He looked around the room but there was no sign of her. He assumed she was in the bathroom. He put his trousers on and went to the door.

"Sorry, sir. I was told this room was empty. I’m here to clean," the maid at the door said when he opened it.

"It must be a mistake." But even as he said the words he knew something was wrong. Alarmed, he raced to the bathroom, yanking the door open. No Kasie.

He looked around the room and checked the dressing room. Her things were gone. The realisation dawned on him. After his pleading and their love-making she’d left without any warning.

She hadn’t forgiven him.





Chapter Ten





A month later.

Kasie sat at her desk in Waterman’s Lagos offices staring at the computer screen in front of her as she crunched numbers. Her fingers on the desk mouse tightened as memories flooded her mind.

Every time she remembered her disastrous weekend with Michael she choked up with emotion. Disappointment. Disgust. Anger.

Disappointment because she’d hoped there was more to their relationship. Foolishly. She was disgusted at herself for falling for his charm when all her alarm bells warned against getting involved with him. She’d even advised her friend Franca to stay away from him, only to fall for his lies herself.

Anger at Michael for deceiving her and daring to think all he had to say was sorry. To kiss her and everything would be alright. To dare to think if he made love to her, it would erase the fact he’d used her for his own purposes.

To win a bet!

No words could describe the mortification and rage she’d felt when he’d finally confessed. Only because she’d confronted him.

Oh yeah, he’d said he would have told her about it. How convenient. Never mind how he’d paraded himself to her for three days as a chauffeur. Albeit an arrogant, infuriating, dominating chauffeur.

She should’ve known better. It had been obvious he didn’t like taking orders. She’d thought it was because of her attitude. Now she knew he was a man no one could control.

She’d done her research since. Found out more about him. He was a self-made man who’d worked himself up from very humble beginnings. The total worth of his businesses was in millions of dollars. Not naira.

And she’d been thinking of helping him set up a business.

Ha! Her savings were a drop in the ocean compared to what he had in the bank. Well, that would teach her to be generous. All the while he’d been laughing at her.

Sometimes she wished she could see him again just so she could slap his face. No one messed with her and got away with it. Yet it seemed Michael could and had. All she’d done was run back to Lagos and ask to be reassigned to another client. Not in Enugu.

As soon as she’d noticed he was back asleep that morning, she’d gathered her belongings hurriedly. Luckily most of her things were already packed as she’d been returning to Lagos the same day anyway. But she’d quickly dressed without showering and slipped out of her hotel room as silently as she could. Like a thief!

It didn’t help matters when her sister who had practically ignored her for months was now calling her regularly trying to find out her things were going between her and Michael. Of course since Kemafor approved of Michael, by default, so would her father. How ironic! Especially after she’d spent all the time worrying about Michael not being accepted by her family because of his assumed status.

The morning she left the hotel she’d gone straight to Kemafor’s house. Her sister had already invited her over on the phone. Kemafor had found out who Michael was and was happy Kasie was dating a mover and shaker of Nigerian business. Kasie had turned up without Michael; making an excuse he had other engagements on the day. Her sister’s driver had later dropped her off at the airport to catch her flight.

In the elapsing time, Michael hadn’t called her. Not that she would’ve taken his calls. Proof he never cared for her. It had all being a game to him.

It didn’t matter how gently he’d held her or how passionately he’d kissed her over the weekend. It didn’t matter how blissful and safe she’d felt being in his arms. She would never feel the same way again about another man. None of it mattered. He'd used her, seduced her. To win a bet.

A tear rolled down her cheek and she wiped it quickly with the back of her hand. She wouldn’t break down again. She was done with crying. To hell with him.

There were muffled voices outside her door and then a knock.

"Come in," she said without looking up, thinking it was one of her colleagues.

"You must be Kasie Bosa." That voice!

Her head snapped up. Michael stood in her office, looking way too tall and way too large. He looked more striking than the first time she’d seen him. In his grey-charcoal suit, he was imposing, powerful, and breath-taking.

For a moment, words deserted her. She struggled to breath.

She should ask him what he was doing here. Hell, she should be kicking him out.

But he was here. Unbelievably. Was she hallucinating? Did someone have to pinch her so she could wake up?

He took a step toward her. His action kicked her brain into gear. She scrambled out of her chair. The last thing she wanted was for him to catch her in the chair. She wouldn’t have any escape from him.

"What are you doing? Get out of my office."

"No," he said quietly, seductively advancing in her direction still. "I’m not going anywhere. You will sit and listen to me."

"No way. You have nothing to say that I want to hear."

She ran to the door, grabbing the handle to open it but it was locked. Michael lifted his hand, the office key dangling from his slender fingers. She remembered how those fingers had stroked her intimately and her insides contracted.

Get a grip, girl!

If she didn't keep her wits about her, he'd be shattering her heart all over again. He had proven he was a ruthless man.

"Oh, you’ll find there’s nowhere to run, Kasie. I’m never letting you run out on me again."

"What are you talking about? Open this door. Otherwise I’m calling security," she said, baring her teeth at him.

"Kasie, sit down!"

She ignored the warning in his voice.

"I won’t and you can’t make me. Get out of my office."

Before she could dash out of the way, he grabbed and hauled her into his arms. As she struggled, he dumped her into the chair. She wriggled to push herself off the chair.

"Are you going to sit still or do you want me to carry you?" His deep voice had a menacing edge to it.

She stilled her body. She wasn’t crazy enough to push him. She knew first hand he followed through on his threats.

"What do you want from me? Why are you here, Michael?" She kept her voice impersonal though she didn’t feel casual about his appearance into her life again.

Having him this close, standing over her, his heat radiating toward her, reminded her of their time together. She needed to keep it together. She didn’t want him to know he still affected her.

He stood straight, scrubbing his hand on his head. For a moment his grey eyes looked distant. Weary. Haunted.

"Kasie, I want to talk to you. I want you to listen...Please."

In the time she’d known him, he’d rarely used the magic word. She watched him closely. Despite his appearance, his air of arrogance had lost some of his lustre. He looked pained. Almost desperate.

She shook her head. A man like him was never desperate. Still, there was no harm in listening to him so he would leave her office as quickly as possible.

"I’m listening."

He hesitated, watching her carefully before speaking.

"I told you about the bet. What I didn’t tell you about was the reason my friends pushed me into the challenge in the first place."

He paced away from her. With the space between them, she inhaled deeply.

"A long time ago, there was another girl. Her name was Ruth. Her father was a senator and I was assigned their security detail. I was head over heels in love with her. At the time I thought she loved me too. In the end I found out I was only a bit of entertainment for her. When I persisted, trying to convince her there was more to us, she reported me to her father, claiming I’d assaulted her. He reported me to my commanding officer and I lost a stripe. It precipitated my leaving the army."

Her heart lurched at what he had to suffer. She hated when women made false assault claims against men. It trivialised genuine cases. A part of her wanted to inflict pain on the vindictive woman who had accused him of something so horrible and so untrue. No wonder he’d been so bitter.

She wanted to go to Michael and hold him. To tell him it was all in the past and she’d always have his back. Instead she kept still and folded her hands on her lap to stop from reaching for him.

"Anyway, I guess I never really got over what she did to me. And when my friends saw you. You reminded them so much of her. They thought I needed to prove to myself I had gotten over Ruth. Hence the challenge."

She snorted. She understood his reasoning. Yet he’d had several opportunities to tell her before. He hadn’t.

"Yes, I know it was the wrong thing to do. At the time I was so blinded by my resentment of all women like Ruth I didn’t see the real you beneath the facade," Michael continued.

"Do you know how it made me feel? To think I was just a pawn in your game?" she retorted, her anger rising.

"I know. I lived life without regrets but since you, I’ve been consumed by my guilt. I regret ever making you feel that way. The night we spent together I realised how important you’d become in my life—"

"Well, I hope you’re happy you won your stupid challenge." She turned her back to him.

"It was a pyrrhic victory. I lost you." His voice was thick with emotion. She still refused to turn around, not wanting him to see the tears she was fighting to hold back.

"These last few weeks have been torture. Thinking you were gone for good. So I’ve come to rectify things. I brought you this."

She heard the ruffle of papers and turned to look at him. He held a sheaf of papers in his hands.

"Take them," he said.

She took the papers, her eyes refusing to focus on the words. "What is this?"

"It is the contract of sale for my plane, the Cessna I bet on the challenge. It’s yours to do with as you please."

Baffled, she looked from the papers to Michael. "What? I don’t understand."

He squatted beside her. "Kasie, the plane brought me a lot of joy but it could never compare to the utter bliss and exhilaration I felt when you were around me. You are infinitely more important to me than the plane. I want you in my life. And if it means giving up the plane, I’m willing to do so."

Still not getting his full meaning, she shook her head. "You want to give up your plane for another weekend with me?" she asked, her stomach sickened at the thought. She wanted much more from Michael.

He shook his head. "A weekend would never be enough, my love. Don’t you get it? I’d give up everything I own to have you for the rest of my life."

She leapt at him, laughing with joy and kissed him. He held her, stopping both of them from falling on the carpet.

She leaned back and looked at him warily. "You’re not joking? This is not another game."

"This is not a game."

He reached in his pocket and pulled out a small square velvet box. Her heart leapt when she saw it.

"I had to fly to London to get this. As soon as I saw it, I knew it was for you." He opened the box. It had the most exquisite pink diamond sitting in a platinum ring.

"Oh my. This is the most beautiful ring I’ve ever seen. How did you know I like pink?"

"I realised you had a thing for pink the first night in the car."

Her face heated up as she remembered her pink lingerie on that occasion.

He lifted her out of the chair pulling her up.

"Kasie, you are the woman I took home to my mother. The woman who completes me. From the moment you walked up to me in the hotel car park, I lost my heart to you. I love you. The last four weeks without you have been miserable. Save me from my misery. Marry me. Please."

"Well, when you put it like that I suppose I can’t leave you in misery, can I?" The deep sound of his warning growl made her laugh.

"Of course, I’ll marry you. I love you. And yes, these past few weeks have been miserable for me too."

He scooped her up and kissed her, knocking the breath out of her.

"It’s a good thing you said yes. I thought I would have to bundle you out of here and lock you in my house in Victoria Island until you agreed."

His laughter rumbled through her.

"Shame. You can still bundle me out if you so wish. I guess I’d better tell my boss to reassign me to Enugu. It looks like I’m relocating there permanently."

"Oh, I thought you wanted to live and work in Lagos. I’d had the house in VI prepared for you."

"A plane and now a house, all for me? Hmmm...What else have you got in store for me?" She ran her hands against his stubble, something she'd missed doing.

"There are plenty more things I need to show you, obi m."

He kissed her again, the kiss filled with all the promises of their future together.





Carry on to read Chapter One from An Engagement Challenge by Kiru Taye, the next book in the series.

Blurb:

Book 2 of the contemporary romance Challenge series, set in Nigeria. Three friends. Three challenges. Are they willing to risk everything for love?

When the stakes are high, who’ll be left standing?

When savvy PR consultant Ijay Amadi meets successful Industrialist Paul Arinze, the only things on her mind are to forget the pain of her failed relationship and enjoy the delights his branding touch and soul-searing kiss promise. It’s a one-time only event. Perfect.

However, Paul is annoyed to wake up and find her gone the next morning. He isn’t ready to forget the dark-haired beauty or their scorching night together just yet. So he plans to have Ijay right where he wants her—in Abuja, working on his latest business project by day and enjoying the pleasure of his bed by night.

Except when Ijay arrives, she’s wearing another man’s engagement ring. With the explosive desire between them threatening their priorities and loyalties, the stakes get higher by the minute. Who’ll be left standing at the altar when Ijay walks down the aisle?





Chapter One





You’ll die a lonely man.

With ease Paul Arinze navigated the throng of people gathered at the party. He ignored the dire phrase echoing in his mind—words that had plagued him in the past few weeks. Instead, he keyed into the thrumming vibe of the urban music thumping out of hidden loudspeakers in the shiny black glass walls of the nightclub.

His back prickled with sensation, the hairs standing erect. Someone was watching him. His gaze dragged across the dance floor, searching. People were dancing, chatting, drinking. A lady brushed past him—long blonde hair and a dress that showcased her full unshackled breasts. She smiled at him, the eager inviting message in her green eyes unmistakable. She’d accommodate his desires.

Yet nothing stirred within him. No spark. No passion. Just emptiness. He gave her a reluctant smile in return and moved on. He was exhausted, mentally.

As a waiter walked by, his silver tray laden with drinks, Paul stopped him and replaced his empty glass with another full glass of champagne. It wasn’t his poison of choice. For tonight, it would have to do. He took a sip from the crystal glass and allowed the fizzing crisp dry liquid down his throat. The light intoxicant didn’t do much to settle his soul’s restlessness, but it took the edge off his body alertness.

Spotting the sliding doors leading to a balcony, he walked toward it. Once outside, he inhaled deeply, enjoying the fresh night air in his lungs and on his face, cooling his hot skin. He slid the door shut, the sounds of music and loud conversation muffled by the reinforced glass. His gaze travelled across the blue-black night sky, the lights on the London Eye and other landmarks reflecting in the dark water of the Thames.

Slowly, a reflective smile tugged his lips as he took in the view. It was evidence of his hectic lifestyle that whenever he was in London, he never got the chance to really see London. The closest he got to any of the tourist landmarks were either from a London cab window or via his hotel room view.

Many years ago, he’d lived in the city while he’d attended university to complete his MBA. He’d loved his time here and the freedom that had come from being away from Nigeria and his father. He spent two years after his program working for a British firm to build his experience. In the end he’d returned to Nigeria. His home country was in his blood. While he was away he missed the place. Where ever else he visited—in his recent trip it’d been Singapore and New York—he never got the same peace of mind as he had when he was on Nigerian soil.

It was home to his family, closest friends and businesses—his life as he wanted it.

Yet in the past few weeks, a roiling restlessness had settled over him since his break up with his last girlfriend, Kate. Letting out a resigned sigh, Paul leaned his back against the cool brick wall and allowed the memory of their conversation on the fateful night replay itself.

***

“The wedding was great fun. When are we going to set our own date?” Kate asked as she flung her clutch bag on the low round glass-top centre table.

Paul pretended he didn’t hear her. They’d just returned from the wedding of an old school friend and a socialite. The couple’s families were heavily involved in the Nigerian political scene—his friend’s father was an ex-senator and the girl’s father, an ex-minister. Socially arranged marriages were common place for the political elite. While Paul didn’t mind attending other people’s weddings, he certainly didn’t want to discuss his own.

Silently, he shut his apartment door behind him and walked past Kate. He stood still, staring out of the floor-to-ceiling windows that overlooked the mountains in the distance. In the inky darkness, all he could make out were the outlines of the rocks. In the daytime, the view was breathtaking; part of the reason he’d bought the Abuja home.

“Paul?” Kate’s probing voice broke into his thoughts.

“Our own date for what?” Paul asked, nonchalantly loosening and pulling off his blue embroidered silk tie. Painstakingly slow, he rolled it in his hands before undoing his top button. Then, he turned around to face her.

“Wedding date, of course,” she purred; her smile a sultry invitation. Seductively and easily, she swayed her wide hips, coming toward him. When she stopped, she moved his jacket lapels apart, brushing his shirt with her palms in a sensuous movement that should’ve excited him. Instead, suspicion spiked his blood and tensed his muscles. “We’ve been dating for so long and I’m getting tired of attending other people’s weddings without planning my own.”

“Kate, I told you I wasn't ready to get married when we met. I’m not interested in wedding bells.”

“Yes, that was over a year ago. I didn’t expect you to marry me then. I do now.”

Her eyes widened, flashing angrily at him. He pretended not to notice. He wasn’t interested. Her full bosoms heaved, nearly spilling out of her figure-hugging long black dress. To think that when he’d seen her earlier in it all he’d wanted to do was bring her here and take the dress off her body. Now he couldn’t even stand to look at her.

Bile rose in his throat. The mention of the word marriage always spoiled his mood. He wanted the smooth fiery taste of a drink to quash the bitterness in his mouth. Instead of moving over to the small bar in the corner of his living room, he allowed his gaze to meet Kate’s.

“Nothing’s changed for me, Kate. I still don’t want to get married. I’ve never pretended otherwise,” he replied coolly.

He should’ve seen this coming and done something to prevent it. Perhaps he should’ve broken off the relationship months ago. He’d become complacent, partially hoping that with Kate it would be different. That she understood his need for no-strings attached relationships.

She was a high-flying career girl and worked as head of department for a retail bank. He’d met her at a function right here in Abuja. He’d liked her because she was work-focused and they lived in separate towns – she in Lagos, while he spent most of his time split between Abuja and Enugu. She’d come up to Abuja for the weekends when she was available. It’d suited him fine to see her occasionally.

Emotions chased their way across Kate’s face. Frustration, pain, anger. None of them touched him.

“If I wait, can you promise me we’ll get married say in another year?” she asked calmly, her eyes watching him expectantly.

For some people, a year might make a difference. For Paul it didn’t. He’d already spent that much time with Kate. His feelings for her today were no different from how he’d felt twelve months ago. Except now, he was disappointed she’d behaved like every other woman before her. By asking him for something he couldn’t give her.

Paul pulled his face in a tight grimace. “There’s no need to wait. I won’t marry you.”

“Then there’s no point hanging around. It’s over,” she said in a shrill voice. With jerky angry movements, she picked up her bag.

“Listen. Why not wait until the morning,” Paul said in a placating manner. Stifling the smile threatening to lift his lips in buoyant relief, he kept his face expressionless. It was best to let Kate think she’d ended their relationship, providing him with an easy way out.

“What would be the point of that, Paul? I’ll pack my things and stay the night at the Hilton. I can head back to Lagos in the morning.”

He nodded as she walked into the bedroom and grabbed her overnight bag. He called his chauffeur and asked the man to drop her off. When Kate came out of his bedroom, she stood glaring at him for a moment before shaking her head.

“You’ll die a lonely man,” she said and walked out the door.

***

Though it had done nothing to change his mind about asking her back, the words had plagued his mind ever since.

Paul let out a sigh as he took a sip of his drink. Perhaps it was time to call it a night. He was due to catch a flight out of London tomorrow afternoon. A good night’s sleep wouldn’t go amiss.

As he turned, the door to the balcony opened, letting out the noise from the bar and along with it, a sexy goddess.

Long dark tresses framed an oval face of flawless buttery cream, her curvaceous body in a beautiful navy lace dress that stopped just above the knees exposing satiny legs and feet in wedge sandals. For a moment she stood still, one leg paused over the threshold, the other already outside. In the pose she looked breathtaking with the dim lights from inside framing her in a silhouette.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to disturb you. I just wanted some fresh air. I’ll come back later,” she rattled out, the chant of her velvety voice set the blood in his veins alight.

She lowered her gaze, pulling the corner of her lower lip with her teeth in a nervous smile. Her diffident expression had his heart hammering in his chest, sending pulses of granite need down his body.

For the first time in weeks, his body responded to the sight of a woman with desire. An instant overwhelming craving. Perhaps he wasn’t fatigued. He just needed the right woman.

This woman.

“No. Stay. There’s plenty of fresh air to share.” He straightened languorously and lifted his lips in a rapacious grin; all thought of leaving early fizzled into the cool night air.

Stepping out fully, she closed the door behind her, leaving them in near silence. She moved to the end of the balcony away from him and put her hands against the railing.

“I love this view of London and come out here whenever I’m in this building,” she said, her tone conversational. Yet her soft voice sent spikes of heat into his veins.

“It’s a great view. I don’t see much of London when I’m here. So it’s good to see it all lit up at night,” Paul replied, glad that she was talking. For some reason he wanted to listen to sound of her voice.

He turned back to look out over the balcony, placing his palms on the cold metal. Even from the distance of about six feet, he could sense her heat. He pictured her leaning across to brush his hand with hers. A warm shiver travelled down his spine.

“You don’t live in the city?” she asked, turning to face him in the near darkness.

From this angle, her face was a contrast of light and shade. Still, he made out the gentle contour of her almond-shaped eyes, staring at him with curiosity. He wondered at their color. He wanted to find out.

“No.”

“I guessed as much.”

“Why do you say that?” Paul leaned on the railing, turning his body and giving her his undivided attention. The pleasure of watching the bright city lights paled in comparison to the excitement in his blood at watching her luminous skin and graceful curves.

“I don’t know. There was just something about you that didn’t seem like a local.”

Her lips curved wider in a luscious smile. He fought the urge to taste her lips, tightening his grip on the railing instead. It was too soon. He didn’t want her skittering away in fright.

“You’re good then. I’m only in London for tonight. Tomorrow, I’m off to Abuja.”

“Oh. That’s a shame.” Was that disappointment in her voice? Did she feel this flaming hunger he felt too? “You won’t get to see much of London in just one day.”

“I guess not.” The urge to touch her skin drew him closer. “I’m Paul Arinze.”

He stopped at arm’s length and extended his hand. Without hesitation, she placed her hand in his and held his stare boldly. On connection, a warm tingle spread from his hand down his back. Her hand was soft and warm. Yet she her grip was firm and confident.

“I’m Ijay Amadi.” Her sultry voice brushed his skin in a featherlike caress.

The throbbing of his arousal increased. The heady mix of her timidity and trust made him want to crush her soft curves against his hardness. If she had this effect on him just holding his hand, what would it feel like on the rest of his body? He wanted to find out. Shame he only had tonight.

“So are you here as a guest?” Reluctantly, he released her hand, missing its heat already.

“No. I work for Havers & Child PR Agency. I organized the product launch event earlier and this party.”

Paul didn’t return to his original position. He stood close to Ijay. She didn’t move away. He took that as a good sign. “That’s great. Congratulations, you did a splendid job. If I ever want to plan a party, you’re the lady to know.”

“I sure am.” She laughed, dug in her purse, and handed him a business card. He took it and slipped it into his pocket. “And if you need to know the best places and people to have at your party, I’m the girl to know too.”

“I wonder, are you the girl to know if I need a personal guide to show me around the best spots in London tonight?”

His question hung in the air for a moment. She didn’t reply immediately. In the shadows of the balcony, he couldn’t read the expression on her face. He wondered if he’d pushed the boundaries too hard too quickly. There was something about this woman that soothed his edgy feeling. Somehow he knew she felt the combustible arc of desire between them.

“I could be.”

“But?”

“No buts. Give me ten minutes to make sure someone covers for me and I’ll be all yours.” The suggestive, sensual tone of her voice got his blood fizzing out of control.

Damn, he wanted her. He’d never thought himself the one-night-stand kind of man. Yet he was impatient with anticipation. The rush of blood southward, swelling his already aching shaft.

He nodded. “I can’t wait.”

She walked to the door, paused and looked at him. “I’ll hurry.” She beamed him another sexy smile and disappeared through the door.

***

“You’re doing what?” Sonia asked, her mouth opened and eyes widened with incredulity.

“I told you already.” Ijay shrugged. She’d expected a similar response from her colleague and best friend when she’d shared the news that she picked up a man at the party and was about to head off into the night with him.

“Yes, you did. But the idea sounded so crazy, so unlike you I thought I’d misheard you.” Sonia waved her hand in the air to emphasis her point before reapplying her lipstick in the mirror of the ladies room. “You don’t know him from Adam. He could be an axe murderer for all you know.”

“Perhaps. I doubt it though. He's Frederick’s friend.”

Though she hadn’t said it to him, she’d seen Paul earlier at the Product launch chatting with Frederick Conte whose firm was a client of Havers & Child. She’d watched him even closer when he’d arrived at the bar.

By default, she shouldn’t trust any friend of Frederick's.

Still, something about Paul had attracted her attention. It was partly the self-assured way he moved across the floor, the engaging way he spoke to people and perceptive way he surveyed his surroundings. The way the navy silk shirt clung to his chest and the charcoal trousers to his thighs, there was no hiding the power and lithe of the body beneath the fabrics.

And of course the richness and depth of his voice had been pure sinful decadence to listen to. It was as if he was strumming her body with their enticing eloquent cords.

“Oh, that makes it alright then.” Sonia rolled her eyes upwards in mock exasperation. “Seriously, I’ve heard about people doing crazy things on the rebound...this is taking the biscuit, Ijay. Come on. It’s not like you at all.”

“Perhaps that’s the problem. I need to do something unlike me. I’m tired of being treated like a foot mat. I played safe with Frederick yet now he’s engaged to Tamara; not me. I really am tired of moping around.”

“You’re not moping around.” Her friend grabbed her shoulders and hugged her. “It’s Frederick’s loss.”

It might be Frederick’s loss. Still, it didn’t feel that way from where Ijay was standing. After three years of dating Frederick on and off, all it had taken was for Tamara to show up and he’d had no problems proposing to her. They were all set for a spring wedding.

Ijay was the one who’d given him three years of her devotion. Where had that taken her? Nowhere. Except alone. She saw the way people looked at her with pity in their eyes and she hated it. They thought she couldn’t keep a man’s attention.

However, when Paul had looked at her, it’d been as if he’d really seen her. Not as rejected Ijay but as a sexy beautiful woman in her own right.

“Seriously, I just want to stop being the good, organized, reliable girl for an evening,” she said reflectively. “I want to be carefree and spontaneous for a change and enjoy some time with a man who actually seems to find me attractive. I’m not asking for anything else. Is that too much to ask for?”

Tears pooled in her eyes blurring her view of the mirror. She blinked a couple of times, stopping them from dropping.

“No, it’s not.” Her friend’s cheeks dimpled as she smiled cheerily. “Go. I’ll hold the fort for you.”

Ijay pulled out Paul’s business card and gave it to Sonia. “Here are his contact details just in case. I’ll see you back at the apartment. Don’t wait up.”

Ijay smiled, the words making her feel reckless. Staying out all night was never really her thing. It felt good to be doing something unlike her for a change. Ijay picked up her purse and jacket to leave.

“And you know what? Make his night unforgettable,” Sonia said giving her a big grin and a wink.

Ijay felt a smile spread on her face as she walked back to the balcony and the hunk of a man waiting there. It felt great to know someone was looking forward to her company. Even if it was just for one night.

Tonight she needed someone to take away the aching loneliness she felt inside. A few minutes with Paul on the balcony had dulled that ache. A whole night of his presence would act like a sedative ensuring when she eventually slept there would be no more tears.

For nights after the split with Frederick she’d cried, wondering what was wrong with her. Why she wasn’t the one happily engaged. Tonight there’d be none of that. Just the bliss of sleep.





To read the rest of the story visit: http://www.kirutaye.com/booklist/an-engagement-challenge





About Kiru Taye

A lover of books, as a teenager Kiru Taye used to read novels under the blanket during lights-outs in boarding school. These days, with a young family to take care of, she's still sacrificing sleep for the pleasures of a good book.

During the day though, she transforms her wildly vivid imagination into sensual, atmospheric romance stories with passionate characters.

When she’s not writing or reading, she'd hanging out with family and friends or travelling. Born in Nigeria, she currently lives in the UK with husband and children.

You reach her via her blog, Facebook, Twitter, Google+ or Pinterest

Follow her blog for latest news and giveaways: http://kirutayewrites.blogspot.com





Read book excerpts and free short stories on her website: http://www.kirutaye.com





Link to her Amazon author page





