As Long As We Got Love

An Alexander Family Novel





Tina Martin





Copyright @ 2017 Tina Martin





AS LONG AS WE GOT LOVE





All rights reserved. This book may not be reproduced or distributed in any format including photography, recording information storage and retrieval systems without the prior written permission of the author. With the exception of small blurbs for book reviews, no part of this book may be uploaded without written permission from the author.





This book is a work of fiction. Any similarities to real people, names, places, things or events are a product of the author’s imagination and strictly coincidental and are used fictitiously.





This ebook is for you personal enjoyment only and protected by copyright laws. It may not be resold or given away to someone else. Please respect the hard work of this author. If you would like to share this book with another person, purchase an additional copy. If you are in possession of this book and didn’t purchase it, please return it and purchase your individual copy.





Inquiries? Contact:

tinamartinbooks@gmail.com





Visit Tina Martin Publications at: www.tinamartin.net





ABOUT THIS BOOK





At Padma Alexander’s request, the family all assemble for a two-day family reunion at her grand estate in the Outer Banks. The week leading up to the reunion proves to be uplifting for some couples and challenging for others.

Gabrielle and Tyson are still blissfully in love, but something he keeps from her has her questioning whether he ‘settled’ for her and not living up to his full potential.

Dilvan is still battling feelings of self-pity with his bipolar diagnosis. Some days he takes his medicine. Other days he doesn’t. The constant mood swings are proving to be too much for Eden as she hides a secret that she’s afraid to tell him. She loves him, but there’s only so much she can take.

Preston and Tamera are both busy with their writing careers. Their current lifestyle is carefree, eating out every other night and always busy with work, but Preston has been thinking more and more about starting a family. Tamera is not on board, at least not while she’s trying to get her business off the ground.

Lalita searches for a purpose. Prasad can’t understand her reasoning since he provides her with everything she needs.

Charity runs a school that was only supposed to be a summer school. She ends up opening an after-school program that would extend for the entire year, but Heshan thinks it’s too much for her to manage.

Henry considers dating again but thinks he’s too old to get back in the game. That is until a woman visits the pastry shop who piques his interest.

Padma wants to see everyone all together for a good time, but can a reunion bring everyone together, or will their individual issues cause nothing but drama?





You can enjoy As Long As We Got Love as a standalone story, but if you’re interested in other Alexander books, please see below.

*Books 1-4 MUST be read in order.

*Books 5, 6 & 7 can be read as standalone books as well as this family novel.





The Millionaire’s Arranged Marriage, Book 1 (Tyson | Gabrielle | Dilvan – Love Triangle)

Dilvan Alexander and Gabrielle Robinson are entered into an arranged marriage agreement by Dilvan’s mother, Padma Alexander. Dilvan doesn’t want Gabrielle and makes it clear to her that he doesn’t find her attractive. Shortly after the marriage, the abuse begins, but Gabrielle is rescued by Padma, who sends her to live with Dilvan’s cousin, Tyson Alexander.





Watch Me Take Your Girl, Book 2 (Tyson | Gabrielle | Dilvan – Love Triangle)

Tyson doesn’t want to become involved in any relationship drama, but he develops feelings for Gabrielle that he can’t simply brush off. Seems Dilvan has had a change of heart and wants her back. It doesn’t help matters that Dilvan and Tyson can’t stand each other.





Her Premarital Ex, Book 3 (Tyson | Gabrielle | Dilvan – Love Triangle)

Can Tyson and Gabrielle be happy when Dilvan is lurking around, seeking the perfect opportunity to be alone with Gabrielle? Also, in Book 3, Heshan Alexander thinks about settling down and Dilvan tries to mend his relationship with his brothers.





The Object of His Obsession, Book 4 (Tyson | Gabrielle | Dilvan – Love Triangle)

Dilvan’s obsession is clear – he even feels like he may be the father to Gabrielle’s baby, even when he and Gabrielle are no longer together.

Heshan overhears a conversation between his mother and Lalita (Prasad’s wife) and now, he struggles with telling Tyson that the baby he has on the way may not be his.





Dilvan’s Redemption, Book 5 (Dilvan and Eden’s Story)

Dilvan is on a path to redemption but knows he has to leave North Carolina to truly focus on himself. Therefore, he leaves for Belize and settles into his vacation home there.

Heshan Alexander hires a woman he meets online, Eden Eason, to look after Dilvan while he’s in Belize. But when Dilvan discovers that the woman was hired to watch him, will it send him off the deep end yet again?





His Charity Challenge, Book 6 (Heshan and Charity’s Story)

Now that all the family drama seems to have dwindled down, Heshan is free to focus on Charity Eason, a volunteer at Padma’s Food House. He’s had his eyes on her for a while, but she’s been busy rolling her eyes at him. Baggage from a previous relationship has taught her not to trust anything a man says, and how can she like Heshan when his mannerisms reminds her of an unfaithful ex?





Different Tastes, Book 7 (Tamera and Preston’s Story)

By day, Tamera Alexander is a food health inspector. By night, she’s a food blogger for Charlotte Magazine, writing about tasty eats and reviewing area Charlotte restaurants.

Preston Michaels, owner of Charlotte Recreational (another Charlotte magazine), writes an incredible review for his sister’s restaurant, hoping to help boost sales. But when his sister informs him of a bad review published by Tamera on Charlotte Magazine’s blog, he knows the time has come for him to have a face-to-face meeting with the competition.





ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS





Special thanks to my family who supports me on this writing journey. To one particular beta reader (D.W.), thanks so much for the feedback and hilarious book discussions. And to my wonderful readers – you guys are amazing! Thanks for hanging in there with me and understanding what a Tina Martin book entails. You make this writing journey worthwhile.





Happy Reading,





Tina





AS LONG AS WE GOT LOVE





Chapter 1


-*- Tyson and Gabrielle -*-





Gabrielle stood at the sink, her hands submerged in white, foamy bubbles as she manually washed the last of the dishes. She just finished dinner with the family, after which Tyson fed and sang their baby girl, Amryn, to sleep. He also gave their son, Tyson Junior AKA, T.J. a bath. Finished with kid duty, Tyson was standing next to Gabrielle with a pale yellow and white checkered dish towel drying a few plates after Gabrielle had rinsed them, being the dutiful, always there, ever loyal husband.

A smile kissed Gabrielle’s lips as she thought about him. He was everything she ever wanted – more man than she thought she could handle with his tall stature, broad shoulders, a chest like that of a sword-wielding emperor and the stamina of a great conqueror – but that was part of the adventure. Part of what made her fall so deeply in love with him. The other part was his mild temper. Add all that together and she had one heck of a man. A tall, chocolate, square-jawed king. On a daily, he made goosebumps travel the length of her limbs whenever he was close to her and sometimes when he wasn’t.

“What are you doing, Tyson?”

“Helping you with the dishes, sweetheart.”

“You know you don’t have to do that,” Gabrielle said glancing at her capable husband. The man could do it all and he’d proven that from the first day they met. He was there to rescue her from an abusive relationship. He made her feel worthy of love again after she’d been conditioned to believe she wasn’t. It was his love, his determination, his unwillingness to allow her to give up on herself that made her see nothing but love when she looked into his copper brown eyes.

“I know I don’t have to. I just want to help.”

“You cooked that delicious dinner. That’s helping. The pot roast was amazing and that coconut cake still has my mouth watering. You really outdid yourself with dinner tonight.”

“Good. I aim to please. That’s the reaction I wanted you to have. Now I know for sure I’ve thoroughly done my job.”

“You have. You always do, now go sit down and rest a bit,” she told him, snatching the cloth out of his hand.

He took it back then requested she continue handing him dishes as she had been doing.

“That’s the last one,” she told him, handing him a white, silver-rimmed ceramic plate. She glanced at him, his muscles more specifically. Two kids later with the man of her dreams, she was still having trouble grasping how a man so much older than her, so much stronger, could be the most caring and gentle human being she’d ever encountered. But that’s what he was – what he’d always been to her.

“I saw you checking me out,” he said with a smirk after he’d put the last of the dishes away and walked up to her.

Gabrielle attempted to hide a smile. “You did?”

“Un-huh.”

“I was trying to do it on the sly. Should’ve known I’d get caught.”

He laughed a little, showing a brilliant, heart-stopping smile as his hands cradled her waist, holding on to her as her backside was pressed up against the counter where they’d been on dish duty. He gently brushed the tips of his dish detergent-smelling fingers across the hair on her temple. “Why do it on the sly when you know I’m all yours? You can look at me, touch me, tease me, kiss me,” he said before taking a quick kiss of his own from her lips. “You can do whatever your heart desires, baby. I’m all yours.”

Staring up at him, her heart melted in her chest. Not only was he an amazing father and husband – Tyson Alexander had it going on. It always amazed her how she was able to stare into those deep russet brown eyes of his and gorgeously constructed face without completely falling to pieces. He did it for her. Made her feel hot all over with a sizzling craving to be cooled off. Made her feel loved and appreciated. Adored. He was the standard all husbands should follow, and lucky for her, he’d put a ring on her finger.

Gabrielle closed her arms around him and squeezed, her head press right up against his pecks. His heart. He was her heart. She was certain she was his. She could tell by the way he held firmly onto her, keeping her close to his body – holding her like he could have her in this position forever. Like, if they so happened to dissolve into each other, he’d be just fine with it.

“I love you, Gabrielle.”

She loosened her grip on him to connect her eyes to his so he could see her truth as she spoke it. “I love you, too, Tyson. With all of my heart, I do.” Gabrielle raised herself to her tiptoes and eyed up his lips. Almost instantly their lips collided in sweet submission, tongues tangled into carnal immersion as he lifted her up from the floor and placed her on the countertop, standing between her opened legs as they kissed their way into another dimension. Tyson’s grip was a strong one as he held on to her, kissing her with determination – the sheer power of his mouth clamping down on hers, suctioning her tongue into his mouth while she tried her hardest to get a handle of his fleshly, muscular tongue that he knew how to use, whip and lap all around her mouth. Every single time they kissed or made love – it never failed – he’d put his all into it. When he married Gabrielle, he promised her that he’d show her how a real man treats his woman. How a man is supposed to love his woman. It didn’t matter that they made love too many times to count. What need was there to keep track of their lovemaking when it was so doggone good? When neither couldn’t wait until the next time they came together because it would always be as potent as their very best time – each time being an advancement from the last.

Gabrielle instinctively wrapped her arms around Tyson’s strong neck. Her legs automatically wrapped around his waist like a vine on a tree, pulling him in closer to her. And when she wanted him to deepen the kiss, she placed her hands behind his head and drew his mouth in closer while breathing heavily – his manly scent taking control of her nostrils. Her mouth stretched opened wide to contain his deliciously thick tongue as he made love to her mouth with it. And now her hands were gripping the sides of his prickly face, steering him like she was driving a car and he was going in whichever direction she turned.

“Mmm,” she moaned with a mouthful of him. And then, in a bout of panic, she snatched her mouth away from him after coming to her senses when she realized they were about to make love in the kitchen which would no doubt cause enough combustion to set off the fire alarm, but they couldn’t make love in the kitchen. They had kids and it wouldn’t take much noise for T.J. to come walking out of his room to find its source.

“What’s wrong, baby?” Tyson asked, his breathing labored.

“We can’t do this here, Tyson,” she panted.

“Why not?” Tyson asked, feeling her body shudder when he slithered his hands up her shirt to touch her bare breasts, leaving kisses all around her mouth as he did so, stamping them on one at a time. “Why not, baby?”

“We...” Gabrielle’s eyes did a pleasure containing roll. “We…we have to go to the bedroom.”

“Why? You used to like it in the kitchen.”

Still panting, she pinched out a small laugh. “Yes, before T.J. and Amryn.”

“The kids…are...in...dreamland,” Tyson said between placing suction-like kisses on her neck. “They have no idea what’s about to happen to their momma.”

Gabrielle giggled. “And what’s about to happen to their momma?” she couldn’t resist asking.

“Daddy’s about to make a full course meal out of her.”

“But you’ve already had dinner.”

“Apparently, I didn’t have enough.”

Gabrielle could only gasp as he continued to trundle his tongue around her neck. He was deliberate in his efforts to love her to pieces. Already she was trembling, and kissing her this way was just the tip of the iceberg.

“Hold on to me, Gabrielle,” he whispered in a brief moment after ending the tongue massage on her neck. When he felt her arms tighten around his neck, he grabbed a hold to her hips and carried her to their bedroom. He placed her on the bed, removing her top, prompting her to extend her hands above her head. She was definitely under his arrest. He undid the clasp of her pants and pulled them down a pair of smooth legs thinking about how many times he’d done this before and how desperately he wanted to do it again. This time, like other times, he could see the disbelief in her eyes like she couldn’t believe this was her life – that he was actually hers but he had that same look when he looked into the eyes of his beautiful wife and set his gaze upon her beautiful body. He took a moment to appreciate it. He licked his lips. Her body had changed since having children. Her hips were wider, breast fuller. It was definitely a change for his further enjoyment.

“You have a beautiful body, Gabrielle.”

She smiled beautifully. “So do you, Tyson.”

He lowered that firm, solid-as-a-rock body on top of her and took the fullness of her lips into his mouth listening as a moan escaped her throat. His hands caressed and massaged her plump mounds while he steadily kissed her. And they traveled even further to the very dampness of her.

Testing.

Teasing.

With his tongue, he explored chartered territories, feeling her body quiver beneath him. Her moans filled the room while she lost full control over her own body because he had it. The moment she felt the heat, the size of him filling her channel, she gasped his name and uttered a continuous moan as he settled in place, enjoying this connection more than life, releasing a satisfying groan of his own at how magnificent it felt whenever their bodies joined this way. He loved physical intimacy with her, the only woman he’d ever had this kind of connection with. Even more important than the physical connection, though, he craved the mental connection with her, and so as he kept a level of control over his desire to move his body, he stilled himself inside of her, staring into her soft face. He kissed her wet lips softly to get her attention. Her eyes were closed. He wanted her to open them.

“How do you feel, Gabrielle?”

She opened her eyes and instantly her muscles automatically began clenching him. “Loved,” she responded, her chest rising. Falling.

“How do I feel inside of you, baby?” he asked, moving now to emphasize his point.

She moaned closing her eyes while her trembling fingers grazed over his back. “So...so good,” she said her lips quivering as she did so. She closed her eyes again and bit down on her bottom lip, completely overwhelmed with sensations only he could deliver.

“Open your eyes, Gabrielle.”

She did as he asked, staring into the heated depths of his. That alone could make her lose all control and make her body convulse. It had plenty of times before.

“There’s my girl,” he said, his eyes beaming down on her. “I love you more than life. You know that don’t you?”

“Yes, Tyson. I know,” she said in heated whispers, lifting her head from the pillow to lock lips with him while at the same time opening her legs wider to receive more of him. She wanted all of him – all he had to give. And give he did, moving slowly in a teasing way at first before increasing the tempo of his forward and backward strokes. All the while he was kissing her, multitasking his lovemaking and while they kissed, she made those drugging, sexy sounds that drove him wild, stimulating him to delve deeper and deeper into this sweet surrender.

She shuttered beneath him holding on as tightly as she could and when she was finally able to get a grip on those thick shoulders of his, she screamed once, then twice. The third time, his name shrieked from her lips at the same time the last of those glorious sensations flowed through her body. Tyson quickly covered her mouth with his, still stroking her into oblivion going faster now until he bucked, threw his head back and allowed the force of lovemaking to ram through his powerful body. Seemed every joint had locked up and wouldn’t relax until his body released every drop of love he had to give – and by all means, he was a generous giver.

And he gave.

And gave…

And gave some more until his body completely drained into her with a pressurized force that had him squeezing his eyes tight, lowering his head to the pillow beneath her head and releasing a series of loud grunts and groans before he collapsed the weight of his body on top of her. And she squeezed his backside, still panting but feeling a necessary urge to milk him for everything he had. And she did, feeling her own pleasure come again, her body shuddering all over again.

Moments later, when the ringing in his ears had stopped and he realized he was still on earth, Tyson lifted his weight off of her and laid next to her. Face-to-face they were for a moment, neither not saying a word. Words were replaced by a series of pants and moans from the aftershock of it all.

He smiled.

She smiled back, inching closer to him, so close that their lips almost touched.

“You’re so good to me,” he told her, and he meant that in every way imaginable.

“You’re good to me, too, Tyson Alexander,” she responded. She sucked his bottom lip into her mouth. “Mmm,” she hummed. “So good.”

“You keep talking like that, neither of us will make it to work tomorrow.” He pulled her close to him, their bodies fitting together like a puzzle. He left a kiss on her temple. “Hey, I talked to Padma this morning. She reminded me of the family reunion this Saturday.”

“It’s already that time?”

“Yeah, it came around fast,” he said as he twirled a lock of her hair around his index finger.

“So is everyone going to be there?”

“Yes. Everyone, including Dilvan.”

Gabrielle sighed. Dilvan didn’t bother her the way he used to but still, she didn’t like being near Tyson’s cousin. “Will your parents be there, too?” she asked. Tyson’s parents, Rena and John Alexander lived in Virginia.

“They will. Padma confirmed their visit before I could.”

“That’ll be nice. They haven’t seen the kids in a while.”

“And you know how my mother gets baby fever.”

“Poor Amryn. Between your mother and my sisters, my baby’s cheeks are going to be all worn out.” Gabrielle giggled and then via the baby monitor on the nightstand they heard the cries of baby Amryn. “Looks like I talked her up.” Gabrielle sat up and said, “Well, duty calls.”

“No. You lie down. Relax. I got this.”

“No, Tyson. You’ve done enough today. Let me.”

“Mrs. Alexander?”

She smiled because she knew what was coming next. “Yes?”

“Get some sleep. I got this.” He got up off of the bed and stepped into a pair of loose jogging pants.

“But she’s probably hungry, Tyson. I’m the one with the milk so you can go to bed.”

“Nice try but you pumped earlier, remember? I can warm a bottle if she’s hungry, and since you’ll probably be asleep by the time I come back,” he said, walking to her side of the bed, “Sweet dreams, baby. I love you.”

“I love you, Tyson.”

He took a quick goodnight kiss from her lips, then left the room to tend to Amryn.





Chapter 2


-*- Dilvan and Eden -*-





Dilvan sat on the couch holding his head trying to keep the thoughts still so he could focus. He didn’t have breakfast – didn’t want breakfast – he’d skipped massage therapy and sitting on the sofa in his boxers, he didn’t know what to do next. The confluence of cluttered thoughts running through his mind had him scatterbrained and that wasn’t good now that he was experiencing the ‘extreme low’ of bipolar depression. Admittedly, he’d been on and off of his medication for weeks for no other reason than his own stubbornness. Eden had tried to get him back on it – to reestablish the routine that made her husband normal – but he wasn’t trying to hear her. Being off of his medication not only made him jovial and full of life when he was experiencing ‘extreme highs’, but the lows made him mean-spirited, irritable and highly unreasonable. When he was this way, he didn’t want to be bothered – not by Eden or anyone else. He wanted to be left alone to waddle in self-pity.

Eden stepped into the living room and stood there, staring at her troubled husband, not knowing what to do to help him. She knew what was wrong. She’d done enough research on bipolar disorder to become a specialist on the topic. Like now, he was down emotionally and probably wanted to be left alone but just a few days ago, when he was having a mania episode, he invited her to hang out with him, his manager and a handful of other models – men and women – at a mixer at a bar in Manteo. Dilvan was the life and soul of the party. He dominated every conversation. He was happy and engaging, buying rounds of drinks and spending excessive amounts of money on liquor. He was so excited, he hadn’t noticed Eden was sipping on club soda the entire night. That was then. Today, he was a totally different man with an extremely different demeanor – the reality of living and loving someone with bipolar disorder.

She sighed and shook her head. She’d done everything in her power to help Dilvan. What was he doing to help himself?

“Dilvan, I was just about to cook some breakfast,” she said in an upbeat, perky tone. “Any special requests?”

“I don’t want anything,” he said snippily. He wasn’t hungry, but he sure bit her head off…

“Maybe if you eat—”

“I said, I do not want anything,” he repeated with a slight edge to his voice. He scrubbed his hands over his face.

Eden drew in a breath and took a few cautious steps closer to him. Her hands ached to touch him. Console him. Her troubled husband. She knew his background before she married him but doggone-it, she loved the man and had done everything she could think of to help him. But if a person didn’t want to help their self, then really, what more could an outsider do even if the outsider was your own spouse? Was she supposed to hit him over the head, pry his mouth open and toss the pills inside? Strap him down to the bed and force a relaxing massage on him?

She sat next to him on the couch and made more observations about her hubby. He was clearly a very different person when he was off his medication. He’d allowed his silky, black hair to grow out longer than she’d ever seen it – almost enough for a small ponytail – and then he hadn’t shaven in God knows how long, but she didn’t mind the look of hair growing out of his face. It made him look even sexier in a rugged kind of way. What she couldn’t get used to was his demeanor when he was off his meds. When they first met, he was difficult to get along with, but once she’d gotten to know him and his story, she’d chosen a path of optimism – to see the best in him. Everybody had some good deep down within them somewhere and he wasn’t the exception. But some people needed help in the form of medication in order to function due to chemical imbalances in their brain. That was the case with him. It wasn’t anything to be ashamed of. It was what it was.

Eden reached to touch his arm. He snatched it away. “Dilvan—”

“I don’t want anything to eat, Eden. Okay. I just want to sit here. Alone. Please.”

“Dilvan, I am trying to help you and understand what you’re going through but you’re making it difficult for me to do that. I—”

“You know what I’m going through,” he interrupted her to say, palming his head out of frustration.

“Yes, I know what you’re going through which is why I don’t understand your unwillingness to take your medication. I know how important the medication is for your disorder.”

“Screw the medication!” he yelled while looking at her for the first time since she stepped into the room.

Eden could see a massive storm brewing in his gray, bloodshot eyes. He looked like he was on the verge of self-destruction. If he continued down this path, she was sure that’s exactly where he was headed. It’s not like he hadn’t been there before. In the years preceding his bipolar diagnosis, he’d gone straight-up berserk, treated his first wife Gabrielle like crap and after they divorced, he tried to get her back but failed, then had a mental breakdown. Shortly thereafter, he’d attempted suicide which landed him in a psychiatric hospital.

Just by looking at him, you couldn’t tell he had mental problems. He was a model by profession – he certainly had the gorgeous face and a perfectly toned body for it. But the man he was on the inside was another story. A different man. A man Eden knew but didn’t fully understand because, at the moment, he was being standoffish. Then later, like say around dinnertime, he’d flip – do a total three-sixty – and become the picture perfect husband, in the kitchen trying to be all kissy-kissy, asking her if she needed help with dinner and all. She loved herself some Dilvan Alexander, but she couldn’t handle the constant flip-flopping. She was tired of feeling like she was married to two different people when, if he took his medicine consistently, she would have one loving, handsome, charming husband.

That was a big if.

Irritated, she stood up and told him, “I guess I’ll wait until you’re normal again so I can actually have a conversation with you.”

“Yeah, you do that,” he said impassively.

Eden didn’t take the bait or engage him any further. Instead, she continued on to the kitchen where she took a carton of eggs out of the refrigerator, set it on the table then dropped her head in her hands as she leaned against the island. What was she going to do? She’d been worried about Dilvan for the last few months that he’d been flaking out on his medicine, but he wasn’t her only concern. She had other pressing matters to deal with. A big concern. A baby.

At four months pregnant, she had yet to tell Dilvan they had a bundle of joy on the way for fear he wouldn’t see anything joyous about it. He had mentioned to her before how he didn’t want to have children, fearing he’d pass his illness along to his child, but here she was pregnant, again, and stressed out. Her first pregnancy had ended in a miscarriage at seven weeks gestation and there wasn’t necessarily talk of having another baby after that. Most times, people didn’t talk about making babies. They just made them and figured out the rest later. And being that she was sixteen weeks along, she was sure this baby would make it (thank God) but the stress couldn’t be good for her pregnancy.

Eden tried to let Dilvan’s behavior roll off of her back like she’d done for days now – no, weeks actually – but when the roll-off-the-back method wasn’t quite working and the stress of dealing with him was starting to affect her health and the health of her unborn child, she knew she had to do something soon. As it was, she had a business to run and that was challenging in itself.

While she was living in Belize, she operated a home cleaning service – specifically focusing on tidying up vacation homes – and since moving from Belize to the Outer Banks after she and Dilvan had married, she’d set up shop there running her business remotely and even taking on new clients in Nags Head and many of the other smaller coastal cities. In the mornings before she headed to the office, she and Dilvan would have breakfast together. It was their ‘thing’ – especially since their time together was limited with their hectic work schedules – but this morning he wasn’t having it. Still, she made herself a bowl of oatmeal, sprinkled in some blueberries and sat at the table alone.

She’d eat a spoonful then stir in a daze.

Eat. Stir.

Eat, then stir…

What a painful thing it was to love someone so much yet feel so distant from them. While she loved Dilvan and would do anything to help him, how long was she supposed to hold on to a person who refused help? She had feelings too. Her hormones were all over the place carrying the man’s child. Some days she was sick. Other days, like today, she felt fine but with the strain of dealing with Dilvan’s mood swings, her good days weren’t so good anymore.

After finishing the oatmeal, she set her bowl in the sink and on her way out of the door, she noticed Dilvan had fallen asleep on the couch. He was completely out with his mouth cracked open while he snored softly. Eden leaned down and placed a kiss on his cheek and whispered, “I love you,” then she continued on to the door.

As soon as she cranked up the car, Charity was calling.

“Good morning, Charity.”

“Have you told him about the baby yet?”

“Getting straight to the point this morning, huh?”

“Yep. So, did you tell him?”

“No, Charity. I haven’t,” she said turning onto the highway. “I can’t tell him. Not now, anyway.”

“Eden—”

“I can’t, Charity. Dilvan’s in no shape to hear the news of my pregnancy.”

“What do you mean your pregnancy? You didn’t make this baby by yourself.”

“Of course I didn’t make this baby by myself. Who makes a baby by themselves, Charity?”

“You get what I’m trying to say.”

“Yes, but listen to what I’m saying. I’m not sure he’s going to take it very well. He’s always been afraid to have a child.”

Charity blew a breath. “If you ain’t afraid to have sex, you shouldn’t be afraid to have a child.”

“But he does have legitimate concerns.”

“There you go making excuses for him again.”

“It’s not an excuse—look, Dilvan has always been paranoid that any child we had would be born with bipolar disorder. He said bipolar is miserable for him and he couldn’t imagine passing it on to a child.”

“So, he didn’t want to have children?”

“He does and he doesn’t. It’s the story of everything when it comes to Dilvan. One day he wants to model the next day he’s telling his agent to kick rocks. He helps Padma one day at the restaurant, the next he thinks she’s a spawn of Satan.”

Charity chuckled. “Sorry, it’s not funny but anybody who doesn’t like Padma Alexander has some serious issues. I don’t care if he is her son. Padma is a beautiful woman and has the kindest heart.”

“I know, and he knows that, too. He just has issues with her. Sometimes.”

“When he’s not taking his medicine, right?”

“Right.” Eden sighed. “I don’t know what to do sometimes, sis. And I’m not telling you this for you to solve it for me. I just need to vent and you’re the only person I can talk to.”

“I won’t say anything, but you do need to tell Dilvan as soon as possible about the baby. You can’t have all of this on you. You have a little one to think about.”

“Yeah,” she said thinking fondly of her child wondering if she or he would have their father’s gray eyes and light complexion.

“You still there?”

“Yeah, I’m here. I’m almost at work so I’ll talk to you later.”

“Okay, later.” Eden parked outside of her office then took a breather before going inside. It would be difficult to focus on work when she had so much on her mind. Charity was insisting that she tell Dilvan about the baby but she was hesitant. What if Dilvan really didn’t want their baby?





Chapter 3


-*- Heshan and Charity -*-





As the administrator of Summer Kids Learning Camp, Charity worked around the clock to ensure the school’s operation. She even rolled out an after-school program from 3:00 to 7:00 p.m. with a few teachers and volunteers working Monday through Friday. She was alone in her office ordering supplies when she heard her husband’s voice echo in the hallway, “Where you at Goldie?” like he didn’t know where her office was located.

She was already smiling when she looked up from her paperwork and saw him peeping around the door. “Hey.” She lowered her pen to the desktop and gave Heshan her full attention. When she kissed him goodbye this morning, she had no idea her curly-haired, handsome husband would make a surprise visit to the school today. And he had a hand behind his back. She narrowed her eyes. “Shan, what are you up to?”

“Why do I have to be up to something? I can’t pop in to see my beautiful wife?”

She smiled. Even though he was born and raised in the states, he still had a hint of an Indian accent, probably from growing up hearing his mother’s accent. Whatever the case, she loved it. It gave him character. And to think when they’d first met, she couldn’t stand his guts. Now, she didn’t know what she’d do without him. “I thought you were working at the food house today.”

“I am. I was on the way there when I figured I’d stop by to see you for a minute.”

Heshan took a few more steps into her office, stood beside her desk and handed her a healthy bouquet of thick, rich-red roses.

A smile lit up her face. “They’re beautiful. Thank you, Heshan.” She stood up to wrap her arms around his neck then touched her lips to his giving him a small kiss before embracing him again. “So, what’s the real reason you came by here?” she asked, smelling the roses. “Ah, these smell so good.”

“I told you...just stopping by, beautiful. What are you up to today?”

“Inventory...making sure we have toilet paper, snacks for the kids—you know how that works.” Charity sat back down at her desk.

Heshan leaned against Charity’s desk and crossed his arms. “Yes. I know all about it. Other than inventory, is everything going smoothly?”

“Yep.” She smiled. “What are you up to Heshan?”

“I was just curious about how the school and everything is going. I know you like to keep some things from me, but if the school needs extra funding or anything I’ll be happy to help.”

“I know you would but the school is doing just fine. The money from the after-school program has been enough to cover the monthly expenses, so I’m doing okay. You’ve done enough to help me get this place open.”

Heshan stood tall again and stretched his arms in the air.

Charity watched him flex his body, imagining the way he was moving and flexing it last night while they were making love. She licked her lips just thinking about it.

“Charity, did you hear me?”

“Huh? I’m sorry, my mind was somewhere else. What’d you say?”

“I said, if you need me, you know where I’ll be.”

“Yes. I know where you’ll be, Shan.”

“Hey, before I go, how’s Eden doing? I haven’t seen her over at the house in a while. Is she okay?”

“Yeah. She’s okay.” That’s all Charity said in response, not wanting to tell Heshan how worried she was about Eden, the fact that her sister was pregnant or that his brother Dilvan had been acting like a nutcase again. That he was off his medication and, according to Eden, out of his mind some days and normal on others.

“Hmm…okay. I noticed Dilvan has been hit-or-miss at work. I mean, I know he’s back into modeling and all that but he was consistent with coming to the restaurant for a while there, then he just fell off.”

“Maybe you should go check on him,” Charity suggested.

“Maybe I’ll do that.” Heshan leaned down to take a long kiss from her lips, then said, “I love you.”

“I love you, too.”

“See you later.”

“Okay.”





Chapter 4


-*- Preston and Tamera -*-





Tamera sat at her desk, typing notes from her latest restaurant review. She looked at her scribbled notes and chewed on her lip trying to make out her own handwriting:





Review notes for Lucky Garden Dinery

-Chinese cuisine with open buffet option (side note, I’ve never been a fan of buffets, yuck)

-North side restaurant/nice area of town

-California rolls are to die for/egg rolls a little greasy

-Chicken wings taste like peanuts, but good nonetheless

-Red booth seats tacky and old/seats cracked, can see cotton busting out





She tapped her pen on the desk and closed her eyes, visualizing the restaurant in her head. She could smell the golden, crispy chicken wings that, when she’d taken a bite, tasted like they’d been cooked in some sort of peanut oil. Delicious as far as she was concerned but not so good for somebody with nut allergies. Then there were the lo mein egg noodles – the flavor of them had her stomach grumbling.

That’s what I get for not eating breakfast…

She opened her eyes when she heard her phone vibrating and saw the caller was her brother Tyson.

“What’s up, bro?” she answered.

“Hey, food lady,” he quipped.

“You’re one to talk. You cook the food, I just write about it.”

“Stop your lying. You’ll probably be ten pounds heavier when I see you at the reunion.”

Tamera giggled. “Maybe five,” she joked.

“So, you’re going to make it to the reunion this weekend, huh?” Tyson asked.

“I am. Looking forward to it, actually. Besides, mom already threatened to hunt me down if I’m not there.”

“And you know she’d do it.”

“Yeah. No kidding. I still haven’t told Preston about the reunion though.”

“What are you waiting for?”

“I’m not waiting…it’s just that he’s been so busy at work for the last couple of months I’m not even sure if he’ll take the time off work to come with me. I’d been thinking about coming alone.”

“At least mention it to him, Tamera.”

“I will at some point. Maybe I should leave a Post-It note on the fridge or send him a we-need-to-talk text message.”

“Now you’re making it sound like there’s beef stewing between you two.”

She giggled. “Really, Tyson? Beef. Stewing.”

He chuckled, catching the food references.

“All you do is think about food, don’t you?” Tamera teased.

“I didn’t realize I said it that way, but you get the gist of what I’m saying. Now, tell me…what’s going on?”

“It’s…um…nothing we can’t handle.” Quickly changing subjects, she asked, “How are the kids?”

“They’re good. Getting big, of course. Amryn’s trying to say words now.”

“Aw…I can’t wait to see them. Seems like it’s been years.”

“It’s only been a few months, Tamera. Oh, and Gabrielle loved those dresses you sent for Amryn, by the way.”

“Good. I’m glad.”

“Anyway, sis, let me get back to work. I have for cakes in the oven.”

“Of course you do,” she said, giggling again. “Always working.”

“Yep, just like you’re always writing.”

“You got me there.”

“I’ll see you this weekend.”

“Okay, Tyson. Bye.”

She hung up the phone then thought about the suggestions she jokingly told her brother about leaving notes on the fridge to get Preston’s attention. That may have been a little overboard, but it actually wasn’t a bad idea. She loved the fact that, like her, Preston was passionate about his work. He was the founder and chief editor of a major Charlotte magazine, Charlotte Recreational, but it was obvious to her that he was still in the process of learning how to balance work and home life. For now, the entrepreneur in him took precedence over the husband he needed to be, and that’s why she didn’t want to ask him about the reunion. It would be a bother to him. He didn’t have time for a reunion, especially when it wasn’t his family involved. And she didn’t want to give him the option to choose one or the other – the reunion or his magazine – because she had a strong clue which one he’d pick.

Tamera sighed, rubbed her eyes, then decided to take a break from typing to browse the web for information on the restaurant she’d be visiting this evening. Preston was working late again, so she decided to get some extra work done, too, plus dinner – an added bonus for a food blogger (well, that’s if the food was good). She’d never been to Italia, a swanky Italian restaurant located in Uptown, but as she looked at their menu offerings online, her mouth watered for buttery garlic knots. Or maybe the pizza. No, the lasagna. She’d read customer reviews on Google and Yelp about the place and it seemed their spaghetti was all the rage. According to their menu, the sauce was homemade and the spaghetti was baked with four types of unnamed cheeses. Even the salad looked delicious. Now, she had to psych herself up to go.

When her cell phone rang, she looked at it and did a double-take. Preston was calling? He usually didn’t call her midday. He’d generally call toward the end of the workday, so this noon call had her puzzled, although she was glad he was calling. Her first thought was that something was wrong.

“Hey, Preston,” she answered, trying to keep the spark of surprise out of her voice.

“Hey, you.”

A smile came to her face. “Hey. What are you up to?”

“Nothing. I was sitting at my desk and had a few minutes of downtime, so I thought I’d call and see what my beautiful wife was up to.”

Her smiled widened. “I’m working…getting ready for this review tonight.”

“Oh. You planned one for tonight?”

“Yes. I figured since you had to work late anyway, I may as well squeeze one in. I’ll probably still beat you home.”

“You may be right about that, sweetheart. Covering football events is always a busy time for the magazine.”

“I know, and the city is buzzing about the Carolina Panthers right now.”

“Yeah, which equals big money for the bars and other venues.”

“Exactly, and it’s not just the NFL. Fans go crazy over high school and college football, too. I have different teams covering all angles.”

“Yeah. No doubt.”

“How’s your day been going?” he asked. “Do you feel okay?”

“Yeah. I feel fine. Why do you ask?”

“You’re usually up in the mornings when I leave, but this morning you slept in.”

“Oh…probably just tired from working so hard.”

“Then try not to work so hard today, sweetheart. I’ll see you later tonight, okay.”

“Okay, Preston.”

“Keep the bed nice and warm for me.”

She smiled sadly. Skip keeping the bed warm – she wanted him to be in the bed with her. Why couldn’t they keep it warm together? “I will. Love you.”

“Love you, too.”

She hung up the phone and rubbed her eyes. Then she focused her attention on her notes again and began typing.





Chapter 5


-*- Henry Robinson -*-





“That’s the last customer,” Henry Robinson, Gabrielle’s father, told her as he locked the door to Coastal Pastries.

“Good,” Gabrielle replied. “Now, I can go pick up my babies.” Gabrielle had gotten the idea to open the pastry shop since Tyson was a chef and his pastries were only available at his high-end, five-star restaurants and the people he baked for at Padma’s Food House – a restaurant for the needy – which had become a local favorite for people of all walks of life, especially when word got out that the Tyson Alexander was head chef. The people who could afford to do so would leave generous donations that Padma filtered back into the business.

Coastal Pastries served some delicious desserts, coffee and hot chocolate, and since its opening had proven to be a profitable venture. Tyson made all the pastries but he was quick to give Gabrielle the credit for coming up with the idea and putting her all into the operation of Coastal Pastries. It pleased him for her to have something in her life she loved doing. Something that gave her a sense of purpose outside of himself and the kids.

“You’ve been working here for a while now, Dad. How do you like it?” she asked, looking at her father. Like her, Henry had a rich dark brown complexion and black hair, but he had shades of gray sprinkled throughout his full head of hair. As a single father to three girls, no doubt they were the blame for some of those grays.

“I like it. It gives me something to do. I’m glad Patrick came down to show me the ropes.”

Patrick Goodwin, the manager at Tyson’s most profitable restaurant in Atlanta, had made a visit to Coastal Pastries to school Henry in the food service industry. Tyson had also spent some time mentoring him, but since his time was limited, he called in a favor to Patrick, which worked out good for Henry. He’d learned a lot. He knew everything there was to know about tracking inventory and using the computerized register. Plus, he learned some vital customer service skills which he desperately needed. He was accustomed to working in more strenuous, non-customer service-related jobs like paving roads and construction-related projects. “Yeah. That was nice of him.”

Henry nodded. “I tell you…marrying Tyson was the best thing that has ever happened to you.”

Gabrielle smiled warmly as she counted the money from the drawer, preparing it for a bank deposit.

“It should’ve been him in the beginning instead of that psychopath Dilvan,” Henry said.

“Dad, that’s water under the bridge.”

“I’d like to throw Dilvan under a bridge.”

Gabrielle shook her head. “That’s the past, Dad. My life with Tyson is so wonderful, I can’t allow myself to focus on my negative past with Dilvan. That’s ancient history.”

“It’s history, but it ain’t ancient.”

“Dad…”

“Alright, alright. I’ll leave it alone.”

“Yes. You do that. I don’t know why you’re so wrapped up in my personal life, anyway. And by the way, when are you going to start dating again, mister?”

He chuckled. “Oh, girl, I’m too old for all that dating nonsense.”

“You’re not old. Fifty-something ain’t old.” She chuckled. “Wait…how old are you again?”

“Look at that…all that talk and you don’t even know how old your ol’ man is.”

Gabrielle laughed harder. “How old are you?”

“Too old to be dating.”

“C’mon, Dad. Don’t you crave companionship? Every time I see an older couple together, I think about you being all alone in that little house.”

“I’m not alone. Destiny still lives there, you know.”

“I know, but she’ll be gone soon. I don’t like the idea of you being lonely.” Gabrielle sealed the deposit bag.

“The thing about that is, I’ve been single since your mother left me high and dry. I’m used to it, Gabby. I’ve learned to be by myself. There’s nothing for you to worry about.”

“You still need some companionship in your life.”

“Go ‘head with that, girl. I don’t need anything but a good plate of food and a nice, comfy bed.”

“Exactly, and guess who can cook you that good plate of food and keep that comfy bed warm?”

Henry walked into the kitchen and Gabrielle followed him.

“Pillows can’t love you back, Dad,” Gabrielle told him. She just wouldn’t drop the subject.

Henry gathered the leftover pastries for the day. “Girl, hush that nonsense. And if I want a hot meal, I’ll just have dinner at your house. That husband of yours can cook his behind off.”

Gabrielle smiled. That much was true. “Yes, he can.”

“Ready to get out of here?” Henry asked.

“Yes. I have to pick up the kids. They’re at Lalita’s house today.”

“That’s nice. They get to spend some time with their cousins…”

“They really enjoy it.”

They stepped out of the back entrance and Henry locked the door.

“I’ll see you tomorrow, Dad.” She embraced her father right before getting into her car.

“Okay, dear. Have a good evening.”

“You, too, and think about what I said.”

“Yeah, alright,” he said, but had no intention of pondering on the subject any further.





* * *





Gabrielle drove the few miles to Lalita’s house, knocked on the door then continued inside. “Hey, girl.”

Lalita was sitting on the sofa, feeding Amryn a small jar of mashed sweet potatoes. And Tyson had made those, too. He’d prepared all the food for the baby, refusing to buy the store brand stuff.

“Hey, Gabrielle.”

Gabrielle smiled looking at Amryn saying, “There’s my sugar. Look at you, beautiful girl.”

Amryn grew progressively animated and giggly when she laid those brown eyes on her mother. She looked like Gabrielle, but she had Tyson’s mesmerizing brown eyes.

Gabrielle used the bib around Amryn’s neck to wipe her mouth, then she picked her up from the highchair and kissed her cheeks while Amryn looked adoringly at her. All drools and smiles.

“She just got up from a nap,” Lalita said.

“My big girl took a nap today?” Gabrielle asked Amryn in a cute baby voice.

“She did,” Lalita said, looking at mother and daughter interact with each other. “It’s so nice to see how she interacts with you. She loves her mama.”

“And I love my baby.” Gabrielle planted another kiss on Amryn’s cheek. “Now, where’s my little monster?” she asked, referring to T.J.

“Girl, I don’t even know,” Lalita said, although she knew he was probably in her kid’s room playing with toys. “I’m sure they’ll be down in a minute. They’ve been playing down here for a few minutes, then go right back upstairs.”

“Yeah, that sounds like him.”

“Anyway, you don’t have to rush off, Gabrielle. Sit down for a minute. Do you want something to drink? Eat?”

“Nothing to eat, but I’ll get some water.”

“I’ll get it,” Lalita said standing, heading to the kitchen. She had on a white and coral chevron patterned dress that nearly touched her ankles. No shoes.

“I can get it, Lalita. I know my way around your house now.”

“I know, but no worries. I got it.” After finding a glass and filling it with ice, she added water, then walked back to the living room, handing it to Gabrielle.

“Thank you.”

“No problem.” Lalita returned to her seat, sighed heavily and hung her head, her black hair covering most of her face.

“Okay…what’s wrong?” Gabrielle asked after taking a generous sip of water. Amryn was trying to swipe the glass out of her hand.

Lalita huffed more air to fan the hair away from her face. “I’m not sure if it’s something wrong or not. It’s just that Prasad likes me at home with the kids. He says he’s okay with me working but I know he’s probably not, and I watch you work and Tyson is so supportive of you and—”

“Yes, Tyson was on board with me working. I didn’t know how he would take it at first being that he makes a lot of money but he was.”

“Well, Prasad is the total opposite. He’s on board with me staying right here at this house.”

“But I thought he was coming around.”

“Since when?”

“Since he gave you the okay to go to that seminar with Padma in Chicago, remember?”

“Oh. Right. I forgot about that. Anyway, I don’t know. He loves that I’m home. I think he enjoys knowing I’ll always be here when he gets off of work. He likes the ‘idea’ of taking care of me, and I love him for taking care of me, but I’m kinda bored around here. I want to do something. Be something.”

Gabrielle could feel her pain. And women thought it was easy being married to millionaires...

While it provided a comfortable lifestyle, a lot came with being the wife of a millionaire boss – especially with that of the Alexander men. Their drive – the sheer power of their unrelenting work ethic was infectious enough to rub off on their wives making it difficult for them to be stay-at-home, kept women when they wanted to pursue something with as equal determination as their spouses.

“Um…” Gabrielle said, reaching for something in response. Anything. “Okay, why not volunteer at one of Padma’s restaurants? Charity doesn’t waitress anymore since she’s busy at the school and I’m sure Padma could always use the help.”

“I do volunteer sometimes, but it’s not my thing. It’s Padma’s restaurant.”

“What is your thing Lalita?” Gabrielle took a sip of water, watching Lalita’s face ball up.

Lalita shrugged. “I don’t know.” She chuckled softly and added, “I really don’t. I just want to do something besides sit around the house and clean all day.”

Gabrielle repositioned Amryn, who was steadily reaching for her glass of water, then asked, “Why not take some time to figure out what it is you want to do, then approach Prasad with it? You know how these Alexander men operate. They like to plan. If you present Prasad with a plan, maybe he’d be more open to listen.”

Lalita nodded. “Maybe…guess the ball is back in my court, then, which means, it’s time for me to do some planning.”

Gabrielle saw the spark in Lalita’s eyes. The hope. “T.J., it’s time to go,” she said loud enough so T.J. could hear her from upstairs. Moments later, she heard him jogging down the stairs, quickly embracing her. “Okay, we have to get your jacket on, baby,” she told him. After she got Amryn situated in her car seat and wrapped snuggly in a pink blanket, she put on T.J.’s coat.

“I hope you think of something, Lalita.”

“Me, too,” she said.





Chapter 6


-*- Preston and Tamera -*-





Armed with her executive notebook and black leather Coach bag, Tamera stepped inside of Italia like she owned the place. She matched a black, knee-length Peplum dress that accentuated her small waist with a pair of black heels, simple enough yet elegant at the same time, especially with her short pixie haircut neatly curled. She enjoyed writing restaurant reviews as much as she enjoyed the new food she got to try every two weeks, but it seemed she had time to fit in more reviews than normal as of late. Still, she thoroughly enjoyed it since, these days, she was no longer working for Charlotte Magazine. She worked for herself now. Months after she launched her own business – Different Tastes Food Reviews – it quickly became a top Charlotte restaurant resource for foodies all across the city. If Tamera Alexander-Michaels didn’t like your restaurant, chances were you’d lose the business of the people who actually read her review of your restaurant. Good reviews equaled higher sales.

After being shown to a table, she sat down and absorbed the energy of the place. Red opened-globed lights hung from the ceiling of every table. Nice, she thought, taking out her notebook, writing a note concerning the décor and ambience of the place.





Review notes for Italia

-Eclectic/modern furniture with a romantic vibe

-Grade A/clean & tidy

-Quiet/a nice place for a date?





Hmm…what else?

The carpet was a dark cranberry color and while she wasn’t a fan of carpeted restaurant floors, she thought this one was well-maintained and clean. The tabletops were all black granite – maybe quartz. The chairs were also black and in the area where she was seated, there was a working fireplace. This restaurant was the perfect romantic setting for a date night which had her thinking about her boo. Preston. She couldn’t remember the last time they had an actual date night. Dinner at home didn’t count, especially if there were no candles involved and there wasn’t.

She sighed. Why couldn’t Preston have a normal job? She wanted to see him so badly, she pictured him sitting behind his desk, remembering the first time they’d met and how good he looked in a suit. He always looked handsome and downright dapper with his commanding presence and professional confidence. And—

“Well, if it isn’t Tamera Alexander-Michaels,” a dark-haired white man said in an Italian accent as he came to stand next to her table.

Tamera was so deep in thought, she didn’t notice the man approaching. That’s how much she missed her husband.

“Oh, hi. Yes. I’m Tamera. Do I know you?”

“Ciao. I’m Francesco Bianchi, the owner of this fine establishment. I take it you’re here to review Italia.”

Tamera smiled. “Yes, Mr. Bianchi. I am. I must say, the ambience in this place is magnificent.”

“Grazie. I’m glad it’s to your liking, madam.”

“Is it always this dead on Tuesday nights? For such an exclusive restaurant, I figured you’d be busy every night of the week.”

“You’re right, Mrs. Michaels. Italia stays busy but tonight is special. You’re our only guest.”

Tamera frowned. Only guest? Francesco must’ve gotten word she was coming today and decided to close the restaurant to the public just to concentrate on her and the food they would prepare. She shook her head. Unbelievable. The lengths people would go to for a good review…

Her temple pulsated. “You knew I was coming here tonight, didn’t you, so you closed the restaurant to the public to woo me?” Tamera asked testily, already gathering her things, preparing to leave because that’s not how she operated. All of her reviews would be fair. She would not compromise the integrity of her business for over-eager restaurant owners who tried to impress her.

“Mrs. Michaels, I can assure you that—” the owner began but was interrupted by another voice, a familiar one that said, “Actually, I knew you were coming and decided to shut the place down so we could have some time alone.”

Tamera’s mouth fell open and she turned around so fast, she nearly got whiplash at the sound of Preston’s voice. She couldn’t believe her eyes. There he was standing there in a black suit that matched her dress, holding a single red rose.

She still couldn’t find words.

He smiled at her before sending the owner away to give them privacy. He undid the button of his suit jacket, taking a seat in a chair across from her.

A look of wonderment came over Tamera’s face as she stared across the table at her husband. She hadn’t seen him leave this morning and didn’t expect to see him again until tomorrow morning since she was usually asleep whenever he got home but now – good Lord, right now – he was sitting across from her looking well-groomed, well-dressed and delectable. She should give the restaurant a riveting review just because of this…

“This is for you,” he said, handing her the rose finally.

She didn’t reach for it. Neither hand moved. She was in a trance. Temporarily immobilized.

He quirked up his lips and laid the rose on the table in front of her instead. When her eyes followed the rose, he nudged her chin up with his index finger so she’d connect her eyes, dilated pupils and all, with his eyes. “Hi,” he said.

“Hi,” she responded, grimacing slightly, still trying to understand how he was able to pull this off.

“You look speechless,” he told her.

“I’m more shocked than anything else. I’m thinking about pinching myself.”

“Go for it,” he told her. He smiled, revealing a flawless one that matched everything else about him.

With narrowed eyes, she asked, “What are you doing here, Preston?”

“Having dinner with my wife.”

She blushed. “Well, that much is obvious.”

“Are you blushing?”

“No,” she said, feeling her cheeks tighten, so she knew they were blush-red, hubby edition.

“You are. Will you look at that? I still got it,” he said, bringing his hands to a steeple like he was in some heavy negotiations at a business meeting of some sort – those crystal cufflinks twinkling beneath the light hovering above their table.

“How did you know I’d be here?”

“Because I make it a point to know everything about you, Tamera Michaels.”

Her eyebrows shot up. “You do?”

“Everything.”

She held his gaze until a small smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. “You must’ve overheard me say I would be at Italia. Had to. Well, unless you have a GPS tracker on my phone or something.”

“You don’t need to know my sources. You’re my wife. I should know everything about you. With that being said, no, I haven’t tapped your phone and I don’t follow your every move. I trust you. Implicitly.”

“So, how’d you know I would be here?”

Preston leaned back in his chair and thought about giving her his source – how at night when he arrived home, he’d go into her office and read her reviews. He always read her reviews. He’d told her that once before and since his work schedule was more demanding lately, she probably thought he’d ceased reading them. But he hadn’t. And while he was in her office already, he’d glanced at her desk calendar where he saw the restaurant Italia scribbled in for today’s date. Planning everything after that had been a breeze. “I just knew. I’ll leave it at that.”

“And you somehow convinced the owner to give you the place for the night?”

“For the right price, you can convince anyone to do just about anything.”

“Is that right?”

“Yeah, that’s right, and I told him I wanted this place for us tonight.”

“Jeez. I don’t want to know how much you paid him to pull this off.”

“Money’s no object,” he said, and what’s crazy is, he hadn’t said it in a bragging way. It was in a matter-of-factly kind of way. In an I-got-it-like-that kinda way. “By the way, you can order whatever you want on the menu.”

“You are something else,” Tamera said. She was surprised by his gesture, impressed even, but shutting down a restaurant for one night wasn’t going to make up for the months he’d been buried with work. But she couldn’t say this now and wreck the flow of what would prove to be a romantic evening, could she? No, she couldn’t. She wanted to, but dang, the man knew how to come correct.

“Anything for my baby,” he said, just as their waiter brought over a bottle of champagne and two flutes, pouring some for the both of them. They’d also ordered food. Tamera had decided on the lasagna and salad before she arrived, so that’s what she went with. Preston ordered the same and added an appetizer – mussels in a white wine, lemon butter sauce.

Tamera watched him operate, thinking she was a lucky woman to have a man like Preston. His five o’clock shadow was growing in nicely. His suit was as crisp as the shirt he had on underneath it. Even his cufflinks seemed to have an extra bit of bling. She looked at his left hand – at the wedding band there – the ring signaling that he was hers. That he wanted to be hers even though he had other loyalties. Things she deemed more important to him since that’s where he spent most of his time. That’s what she wanted more than anything – his time – and not just a fancy dinner once in a while. Dinner at home more than two miserable times a week would be nice, as well as curling up on the couch to a movie or the ten o’clock news for that matter. She’d be okay with them taking showers together, going for walks – things people who’d been married for less than a year still did since their love was newish. As time passed, those activities usually fell away, she knew, but she didn’t expect that after only a few months in. He was already pushing her to the side to make room for more important matters.

Now, he wanted to be all chivalrous and romantic. How was she supposed to bring it up now? Or was the best course of action to continue pretending she wasn’t bothered by it and enjoy herself at Italia with her dashingly good-looking husband? She’d finally had him all to herself. She didn’t want to ruin it with a slew of whiny complaints.

“How was your day, Tamera?”

Gee. How was my day? He hasn’t asked me that ‘in person’ in forever. I’m not sure I know how to respond. Tamera picked up her glass instead and took a gulp of champagne. Why was she this nervous with her own husband?

“Tamera?”

“Yes?” She looked up, holding his intense eye contact.

“How was your day?”

“Oh. It was okay,” she simply said, purposely keeping her answer brief.

“What’d you do?” he probed further, his eyes tracing her red-tinted lips.

She couldn’t help but think if he was asking because he was genuinely interested, or just trying to fuel up a conversation with them. Reluctantly, she answered by saying, “I worked on an article, ran some errands, straightened up around the house a lil’ bit. What about you, Preston? How was your day?”

“The day was good. Productive. The team finished a few major articles.”

“That’s…wonderful.”

“It is,” he concurred. He took a sip of champagne while never breaking his gaze with her. Lowering his glass, he said, “With those articles finished, it gives me more free time.”

“More free time,” she said, playing with the stem of the rose he’d given her. “So, in other words, now you have time for me.”

Her words jolted him because he knew exactly what she meant and why she felt that way. He cleared his throat and responded, “I always have time for you.”

She shook her head. “Um…not really, but whatever. We don’t have to go into details about time or lack thereof. Besides, we’re here, it’s romantic…there’s fire…let’s just eat.”

His expression grew somber. “We’re not just here to eat, sweetheart. I know we need to talk, Tamera. I know you’re frustrated with me. To be honest with you, I’m frustrated with myself.”

“How so?” Tamera asked, glancing at her notebook. For a split second, it crossed her mind to take notes about this so-called, frustration. She couldn’t even bring herself to look at him.

“Because as your husband—” he began, but stopped abruptly when he noticed she wasn’t looking at him. He reached across the table and tilted her chin up for the second time this evening. “As your husband, it’s never my intention to make you feel like there’s anything in my life that’s more important than you. Admittedly, I’ve done that, and I’m sorry.”

Tamera closed her eyes, absorbing his apology and feeling happy that he understood her feelings. It’s like he was reading her mind. She opened her eyes after successfully forcing away the little bit of wetness that threatened to ruin her mascara.

“Here is your appetizer. The cook insisted upon making two of these appetizer samplers so enjoy.”

“Thank you,” Preston told their waiter.

“I’ll be back with your salads shortly.”

When the waiter walked away, Preston stared at Tamera in a longing, loving way, taking in her emotions – feelings he’d caused and not good ones. She was on the verge of tears and that alone stabbed him in the heart.

He picked up a mussel and said, “Try it.”

It wasn’t something she’d order and he knew that. Still, she sampled it and nodded, telling him how much she wasn’t a fan of the texture but appreciated the flavor, immediately wondering if it was good because of the way the chef cooked it or because this was just the way mussels tasted.

“I’ve never known you to be a woman of few words,” he told her.

“About the mussels?” Tamera asked, glancing at the dish.

“No. About me. Talk to me about what I just said concerning my work.”

“Oh. We’re back to that. I thought we were just going to let that go. Now, that you’ve apologized, what else is there left to say?”

“Whatever you’ve been holding inside. My apology isn’t a way of cutting you off. I want to hear what you have to say.”

Tamera took a sip of water, getting her thoughts together. She set her glass on the table, looked up at him, immediately thrown off base by his exceptionally good looks, but somewhat stayed the course by saying, “I—um—I’ve been keeping myself so busy lately only because you’ve been busy. My goal is to do only one restaurant review every two weeks, but this week alone I booked two because I knew I would be home alone and I didn’t want to be home alone. Again. Tonight. I wanted you there with me. So many nights I’ve wanted you with me, Preston. Needed you,” she added, and her voice wavering.

He nodded, grimacing at the hurt he could hear in her voice.

“I don’t like the amount of time we spend together,” she continued. “You’re hardly ever home and when you are home, you’re focused on what to do next to keep the magazine running. When will the focus be on us? On getting to know and learn each other? I know you work hard and so do I, but gosh, Preston—you deserve a break. A life outside of Charlotte Recreational and I deserve a husband who’d be willing to push everything else to the side for me.”

He nodded while saying, “You’re absolutely right. I can’t dispute anything you’re saying. You’re right. A man—a real man—has no problem admitting when he’s wrong, and I’ve wronged you. Tonight is the first of many steps to make it better.”

She smiled. “Okay.”

Preston picked up his champagne glass from the table, raised it and said, “To new beginnings.”

Tamera followed suit and raised her glass. “To new beginnings.”

They both drank champagne and then the salads were served.

Tamera looked at it. Analyzed it. She had a thing about having a good salad. And this one had lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, cucumbers, peppers and croutons – drizzled with a rich, house Italian dressing. Looked delicious. The restaurant would certainly get good marks for their salad. “I had planned on reviewing this restaurant. You don’t mind if I still take notes, do you?”

“Not at all. Do whatever you have to do.”

Tamera picked up the pen and tapped on the notebook. “It almost seems wrong to review it now. They’re probably being extra nice and making sure the food is extra good since Preston Michaels bought the place for the night.”

He lifted a shoulder. “Or, maybe they’re just that good. I wouldn’t pick just any ol’ restaurant to commandeer for my lady.”

Tamera blushed, feeling special in that moment to have a man like Preston. And tonight, she had him all to herself.

When the lasagna arrived, her mouth watered before she could even take a bite. The cheese oozed perfection, layers upon layers of it on a thick, hearty sauce with premium lasagna noodles. She took a bite. “Mmm…soo good. Oh, my God.”

“It’s that good?” he asked, watching her eat.

“It is. I’ve had some good lasagna, but not many dishes have come close to this.”

“Not even your brother’s?”

“Oh, wait…timeout…I’m not talking about Tyson. Of course, his is better.” She winked.

Preston laughed. “Of course.” He ate more of the lasagna himself, observing Tamera as she wrote a note. He took a napkin and dabbed his mouth before he asked, “Did you have any intentions of telling me about the family reunion?”

Tamera’s eyes brightened in surprise. “You—you know about that?”

“Yes. Why didn’t you tell me about it?”

She shrugged. “I honestly didn’t think you were interested in going. That you were too busy to go.”

Preston stared off into the fireplace, wondering how he’d let the distance between them go on for so long while knowing he couldn’t let it happen again. “Well, I want to go. I’ve already cleared my calendar to make room for it.”

“You have?”

“Yes. I’m yours for the rest of the week, and while I’m off, we’ll work on my busy schedule to make it work for us.”

“Let’s do that,” Tamera said, all smiles as she continued eating her meal.





* * *





When they arrived home, she kicked off her heels and felt her feet leave the floor as Preston carried her to the bedroom. Her heart raced, pounded in her chest. It had only been a couple of weeks since they made love so why was anticipation so thick on her mind and pulsating through her body? When Preston was busy with work, he couldn’t concentrate on lovemaking and he wasn’t the type to rush it. Tonight, he had plenty of it and planned to use it to his full advantage.

He pulled the zipper down on her dress before she’d realized it and maneuvered it down around her shoulders and off of her arms until it fell to the floor. She then sat on the bed and laid back, propped up on her elbows, watching Preston undress and make his way to her.

“Hey, beautiful,” he said as his weight pinned her to the soft mattress and thick, Egyptian cotton sheets touching her bare back. The cool air stiffened the delicate buds of her breasts but the coldness went away after Preston’s warm, firm chest blanketed her.

“Hey,” she uttered softly while her hands bathed in the familiarity of his strong back muscles, getting used to touching him again. She didn’t realize how much she craved him until just now, feeling their naked bodies share uncontrolled heat as they lay on the bed covers.

“I’ve missed you,” he said, then snuck a kiss from her lips.

“I’ve missed you too, Preston.”

He gave her another quick kiss. “I have a confession to make.”

“What’s that?” she asked, stroking his back.

“Every night when I came home from work late to find you already in the bed sleeping, it took a piece of my soul. That’s when I knew I had to fix this. I want us to be us again, starting right now,” he said, then kissed her softly before pulling her lips into his mouth and when those weren’t filling enough, he went after her tongue, devouring it in a way that told her he was hungry for it. Longing for that closeness he so desperately missed.

And she missed it too, closing her eyes and letting herself feel the pleasure of his body against hers, of his tongue tangling with her tongue while she held on to him. And he inched down to her breasts, suckling her exquisite gems while moans ascended from her mouth like rising fog on a muggy, damp morning.

Using his tongue, he drew a path down the center of her stomach to her belly button, lapping his tongue around it, feeling her stomach quiver beneath his lips.

“Preston—” she called out, not because she needed something, but simply because she just felt the urge to do so. And she felt even more urges when he lowered that handsome face of his to her thighs, leaving soft kisses on them before delving deep into her center, feeling her hand settle behind his head while her body jerked off the bed.

“Preston,” she said, followed by a succession of rapid breaths.

“Yes?”

She angled her head to look down at him. “Come here.”

He crawled up to her while at the same time, settling in between her thighs. “I’m here,” he said, staring down at her, his eyes laced with need and desire. “Did you want something?” he asked in a teasing way, his manhood testing her readiness.

“Yes,” she said breathlessly.

“Then tell me what you want,” he said, coaching her.

“I want you to make love to me.”

He saw the need in her eyes when she made the request. And actually, he couldn’t recall an instance when they made love that she’d been so forthcoming about what she wanted, further proof she missed making love to him just as much as he missed intimacy with her. So, parting her legs even further with his knees, he guided himself into her damp cave, watching her grimace as her body stretched to swallow him.

Low groans emerged from between his lips. “It’s been too long, baby,” he whispered, charging forward until there was nowhere left for him to go.

Tamera felt her stomach quiver even more. Felt her body give in, welcoming him. Capturing him. Her muscles hugging him.

“Oh, Tamera,” Preston said, seizing her lips again steadily settling deep within her.

She gasped when she could, moaned when he moved his body on top of her to give her what they both needed. This connection – the most intimate one they could share together. He kissed on her neck, alternating to suckling her earlobe all the while listening to her soft moans. He carefully cupped the soft flesh of her, one of the features that made her so beautifully female. Hunger took over as he devoured her, ravenously enjoying the taste of her, flicking his tongue back and forth over her hardened buds. Pleasure coursed through her at the feel of his hot tongue and the gentle movements he was making below, rocking his body ever so slowly, driving her mind to absolute madness.

A convergence of pleasure engulfed him at the sound of her love, spurring him on to move faster, drive deeper and maintain a cruise control speed of strokes as he steadily claimed her. Tamera held on tight to him as she completely lost herself in desire. And he plunged deeper and deeper listening to her whine-like moans. The sounds sent pleasure tearing through him.

She released a scream that connected with him because he knew it was one of pleasure and triggered by her release, he let go and spilled inside of her – her name leaving his lips at the same time the release left his body and transferred into hers. In that moment, he felt like he’d actually lost his mind while the sensations that slithered through him confirmed that he had. How did he go so long without this?

He stared down at her admiring the beauty in her just-loved face after just being thoroughly made love to. He loved Tamera – was in love with her and he wanted her to be happy. Wanted their lives together to be as good as it could be. And so, from this day forward, he decided that it would be.

Still panting, smoldering from the heat of passion, their bodies rested together – her hips concaved into the mold of his pelvis. They’d been laying in the same position for a few minutes now, not saying a word until Preston said, “I love you, Tamera.”

She felt the heat of his breath on her neck. “I love you, too.”

“I meant what I said, baby. I’m going to make more time to focus on us. By the way, I’m off for the rest of the week so we can leave for the Outer Banks whenever you want.”

She flipped around so she was face-to-face with him and then she pried her leg in between his. “You really want to go?” she asked, tracing his lips with her thumb.

“Yes. I really want to go,” he responded, snatching her thumb into his mouth with his lips.

She smiled. “Then let’s leave Friday morning. That way, we’ll already be there for the festivities on Saturday.”

“Festivities…you make it sound like it’s going to be huge.”

“Well, Padma Alexander is throwing this shindig, so there’s no doubt in my mind that it’ll be huge.”

“Is Tyson doing the catering?”

“No. Get this—Padma hired four chefs—Indian, Italian, Chinese and American. This is so not your typical family reunion.”

Preston chuckled. “We’ll be able to get curry chicken, spaghetti, orange chicken and a burger in one sitting. “Sounds like it’s going to be a good time.”

“It will be, especially now that you’re coming with me,” she said, pressing her lips at the tip of his nose. “I’m so happy.”

“I am, too. I’ll book a hotel in the morning. A last minute reservation shouldn’t be hard to come by this time of year.”

“You never know. This is the Outer Banks we’re talking about. But whatever the case, we have family there. I’m sure they’ll make room for us if we can’t find anything. Knowing Padma, she’d insist we stay at her place.”

“You mean her palace.”

Tamara chuckled. “She does have a huge house, doesn’t she?”

“Yes. You can get lost in that thing.”

“That’s why the reunion is going to be there. I can’t wait to see how she has it decorated. It’s going to be so much fun.”

Preston smiled, feeding off of her excitement. “Yes, it will. Now, get some sleep. Since I’m off tomorrow, I’m planning in my head what our day is going to be like.”

“Care to share?”

He stroked her cheek. “First, when we wake up in the morning, we’ll make love again. Then, I’ll take you out to breakfast, we’ll come home, make love again and after that, we’ll just chill, order takeout for dinner and curl up with one of your chick flicks. Something like Eat Pray Love since that’s right up your alley.”

Chuckling softly, Tamera said, “That sounds good. I’m going to enjoy every minute of you.”

“Not as much as I’ll enjoy you,” he told her. “Goodnight, baby.”

“Goodnight, Preston.”





Chapter 7


-*- Dilvan and Eden -*-





Eden had taken a shower then stepped out and prepared for bed. After she’d moisturized her skin with lotion, she stood naked in front of the mirror, staring at her stomach. She could see a small baby bump – the kind of bump you get when you’ve eaten too much – but otherwise, she didn’t look pregnant. Dilvan definitely wouldn’t notice.

When she arrived home from work, Dilvan wasn’t there. She had no idea where he was since she hadn’t heard from him since she left for work this morning. All she knew was his car wasn’t here when she arrived and while he was scheduled for a photo shoot today, she couldn’t be sure if he’d made it. Last time she saw him, he was snoring away on the sofa. Now, he was nowhere to be found.

I wonder where you are, she pondered, slipping into a nightshirt.

Worried, she sat on the bed and dialed his number not expecting him to answer based on his attitude earlier, but it would be nice if he did.

“Hello?”

“Dilvan?” She said his name in the form of a question, shocked that he took her call.

“Yes, Eden?”

“Where are you?”

“Outside in the driveway.”

“You are?”

“Yeah. I am.”

His voice was calm and she could tell right away that he was more rational than he was this morning. But why was he sitting outside in the driveway? “Do you plan on coming in anytime soon?”

“That depends on you.”

“Huh?” Her eyebrows bunched up, trying to understand.

“Do you want me to come in?” he asked.

“Yes, Dilvan. Why wouldn’t I?”

“Because you were irritated with me this morning.”

“I was, and you know why. You have to be consistent with taking your medicine, Dilvan. I know it’s a pain in the butt for you, but what other options do you have?”

Silence.

And more silence fell on top of that.

Dilvan had yet to respond. He hated being constantly reminded of having to take medicine, especially by Eden. She was his wife. He wanted to please her. Impress her. How could he do that when he had an illness that affected his mood in such a negative way?

Feeling silly being on the phone with him when he was right outside, Eden said, “Dilvan, just come in so we can talk. I would like to see you before I go to sleep.”

“Okay. I’ll be in shortly,” he told her then ended the call.

Eden placed her phone on the nightstand, then walked to the window and moved the blinds with her index finger so she could peep outside. Sure enough, he was in the driveway. She had no clue what he was doing. He probably didn’t have a clue what he was doing either, but he said he’d be in shortly, so she laid on the bed and waited.





‘SHORTLY’ TURNED INTO an hour. For one, full hour, Dilvan had been sitting in his car with the headlights still on, car still running – contemplating life and sickness and death. Life was hard – didn’t matter how much money you had – life was still difficult. Thinking about himself as an example, he had millions of dollars and had once attempted suicide after the split from his first wife Gabrielle who was now married to his cousin Tyson. Many times, the past haunted him but he knew he had to move on with his life. Life moved forward, not backward. Beating himself up about past misgivings wasn’t going to make him present for the life he had now – a good life – with Eden. There was no need to give up now, on himself or her.

After Eden had left in the morning, he’d gotten up from his nap, showered and shaved, then went to his photo shoot. He didn’t take his medication, but he was feeling better. More chipper and focused – a far cry from the way he was interacting with Eden this morning. He sighed. Most of the time, he didn’t understand why Eden wanted him. She was a beautiful woman. Smart. Successful. She was a goddess.

Then there was him…

Who was Dilvan Alexander? A man who treated his first wife so poorly that down to this day she could barely make eye contact with him and could hardly stand to be around him. A man who didn’t know how to love a woman. A man who’d been selfish most of his life. A man with bipolar disorder. How was he going to show his face at a family reunion when the family all looked at him sideways – waiting for something to set him off? All of this weighed on his mind as he got out of the car and went inside of his house.

When he stepped into the bedroom, he saw Eden – more like the silhouette of her – beneath the covers. She wasn’t moving, so he assumed she’d already fallen asleep. He walked over to the bed, eased down to sit in front of her then lightly traced his fingertips along the hairline at her temple. “I don’t know why you love me, pretty lady,” he whispered.

Eden stirred, opening her eyes. When she caught sight of her husband, his inclement gray eyes and all, she widened her vision. She thought she was dreaming when she first heard his voice, but here he was, sitting on the bed staring down at her. A soft smile kissed her lips. “Hey,” she said, the single word tangling with a yawn. She brushed her hand along his jaw, feeling the stubble tease the pad of her fingers. “Did you say something?”

He shook his head. “I was just talking to myself.”

“Really? You came to my side of the bed to talk to yourself?”

He forced a smile through his stubbled cheek. “You think you’re so smart, don’t you?”

Eden smiled. “Did you go to the photo shoot today?”

“I did.”

“Tell me about it.”

“Umm…it went well—took longer than I had anticipated though.”

“I’m just glad you made it. You were sleeping when I left this morning.”

“I was out of it this morning, and on that note, I owe you an apology.”

“Don’t worry about it, Dilvan.”

“No. Just let me,” Dilvan said. “I’m sorry I was being a jerk to you. Sometimes, I hate being reliant on medication to—to make me a good—person.”

“Dilvan, you already are a good person. You just get so depressed sometimes and it’s like when you get to that point, it’s difficult for you to see your way out of it. What you have to realize is you’re not alone in this. You have me.”

Dilvan flashed a half smile. “And I love having you,” he said lowering his head to sync his lips with hers, shifting his weight, bearing down on her. He kissed her with enough passion and desire to cause a bedroom meltdown. He unbuttoned his shirt, tossed it across the room and lowered his slacks to the floor, then returned to kissing the lips of his woman. His everything. The truth of the matter was, when it seemed like everyone had turned their backs on him, her love remained constant. Her affection for him wasn’t dependent upon how he behaved on a certain day. She loved him no matter what.

Tonight, he was loving her back, taking open-mouthed kisses, intent on stealing her tongue away, devouring her in a hungry way. A desperate way. He felt his way down to her bottom, cupping it while groaning at the smooth softness of her, confirming her nakedness beneath the gown. Eden gasped at his touch. She needed this closeness and this man – the one who had her body on fire – was the one she loved with her all.

Dilvan rose to his knees, nearly taking her lips in the process. “Turn over,” he instructed her.

She obliged. He licked his lips, satisfied with the beauty of her body before gently pulling her upwards so she was on her knees now. He helped her wiggle out of the gown, then leaned down on top of her, her soft backside cradled into his pelvis as he let his chest come down to her back. He wrapped his arms around her until his hands met somewhere near her navel. And he just laid there, his body cradling hers, thinking about how much he loved and appreciated her before he would actually ravish her.

He rubbed his prickly face against her back. How could a woman’s body be so soft? So delicate? How could one woman make his heart swell to double its size? Using his fingers, he stroked her pleasure like the strings of a guitar, teasing her, loving the feeling of her against his fingertips as much as he enjoyed the moans from deep within her throat. And when he couldn’t hold out any longer, he buried himself inside of her, feeling an immense amount of pleasure as her body received him. Listening to her moan. After he’d fully accomplished the task, he kissed her back, rolling his tongue over her shoulder blades while positioning his hands at her waist. Slowly, he worked his member backward before lunging forward again, repeating this push-pull motion rapidly until her moans became whimpers. Until he felt her muscles clamping down on him and squeezing – seizing control of his mind and then she crumbled and cried out for him as she fell apart but somehow managed to remain on her knees while he was still clinging on to her backside, still deep within her depths. A roaring groan tore from his throat as sensations pulsated through him, sending him plummeting into a potent, mind-spiraling release of his own – one that nearly brought him to tears. Or maybe the urge to cry was from the guilt he carried of the way he interacted with Eden. When he was on his pills, he was good to her. When he was off them, he treated her like she was the worst thing that ever happened to him. He knew she was growing tired of it – so was he – but controlling it was another matter.

He collapsed on top of her, still molded to the shape of her. Still inside of her, not willing to let go. When they were like this, they were perfect. They were one. Completely unified and in sync with each other. “I love you, Eden,” he panted.

“I love you, Dilvan.”

Dilvan closed his eyes, bathed in a sauna of her love a while longer before he released her. Before he physically disconnected from her. When he finally did so, he laid beside her after watching her lower herself down to the bed. Then, he lost himself in her eyes. “I don’t deserve you,” he said.

“Dilvan—”

“Wait. Let me talk. Let me say what’s in my heart.”

“Okay,” she said softly. He looked like he had a lot on his mind.

“You are an incredible woman, Eden. You’re the ideal woman for any man looking for a wife. You’re already the complete package. So, how did you get mixed up with a psycho?”

“Stop it. You’re not a psycho, and I’m not going to let you talk about yourself like that.”

“That’s how I feel—like those people who can’t function without the aid of something foreign that they have to put inside of their bodies to alter their mind. How can I call myself a man? Hunh?”

“Because you are a man, and you cannot allow yourself to be reduced by your illness, disorder or whatever you want to call it. All you can do—all we can do—is seek help, get the treatment and the medication we need, then move forward. There is no shame in taking medicine that you need, Dilvan. I’m not ashamed of you,” she said stroking her fingers alongside his face. “Sometimes, you get so caught up with this sickness that you don’t see how truly incredible you are. You are incredible and I’m not saying that because I’m your wife. I’m saying it because it’s true. You are smart, handsome—you’re everything I want Dilvan. I don’t feel like I’m stuck with you. I’m glad we’re married.”

Tell him you’re pregnant. Tell him you’re pregnant. Eden heard her sister’s voice over and over inside of her head but she couldn’t tell Dilvan anything yet, not while he was feeling this way about himself. Well, they did just make love so no doubt he was feeling good and relaxed right about now, but his mind was on bipolar again and its effects. She threaded her fingers with his hand and left a kiss on his lips. “It’ll be ok, Dilvan. We’ll be just fine.”





Chapter 8


-*- Henry Robinson -*-





“What else can I do, Dad?” Destiny asked. She’d helped her father at Coastal Pastries now and then and would be there all day helping him today since she was done with school. A straight ‘A’ student, she was exempt from mid-term exams.

“Make sure the bathroom is clean and has toilet paper and paper towels.”

“Okay.” Destiny walked to the back to get some cleaning spray and a rag.

Around the same time, Gabrielle stepped in wearing a black coat. “Whew…it’s a little chilly this morning. Good morning, Dad.”

“Mornin’ Gabrielle. How are you this brisk morning?”

Gabrielle chuckled lightly. “I’m doing okay…just dropped off the kids with Lalita. How’s everything here?”

“I’ve got it all under control for the moment. Destiny is here today, too.”

“Oh. Where is she?”

“Checking the bathroom.”

“Carmen didn’t make it, hunh?”

“No. Not today. That girl was knocked out when me and Destiny left this morning.”

“I ain’t mad at her. She probably deserves it after college. I hear it can be challenging for the freshmans.”

“I wouldn’t know...couldn’t afford college back in my day.”

“Well, I didn’t go to college either. Keeping up with the kids is exhausting enough for me.”

“Now, you leave my grandchildren out of this,” Henry chuckled. “I’m just kidding. I know how it is to have youngins runnin’ around. As a single father, you girls certainly were a handful for me. Destiny still is.”

“Destiny still is what?” she asked, walking into the main area where they were standing.

“Hey, sis,” Gabrielle said, looking at her sister. They were about the same height even though they were years apart. Destiny had on a dark pink sweater and had her natural hair done in twists. “Glad you made it in. We were just talking about how much we love you.”

“Sure you were…” Destiny said with skepticism in her voice as she hugged Gabrielle. “The bathroom is clean and well-stocked, by the way.”

“Good,” Gabrielle said. When a customer walked in, Gabrielle turned her attention to the door to see a middle-aged woman toting a classy handbag, dressed in a black pantsuit with her hair in curls like she’d just left a salon after having a roller set. She walked up to the counter.

Henry met her with a smile. He’d seen the woman before – like at least five times before – and each time, she was dressed nice. Looked like she was on her way to work or some place important.

“Good morning,” she said, greeting Henry.

“Good morning. Are you having your usual?”

A pleasant smile came to the woman’s face. She was impressed that he actually recognized she was a regular customer and had remembered what she’d ordered. “Yes. The usual.”

“Okay. One decaf coming right up.” Gabrielle glanced over at the woman immediately noticing the way she was looking at her father. She rolled her eyes over to Destiny to see if she also picked up on the chemistry between the two and when Destiny waggled her eyebrows, Gabrielle was certain that she had.

“You must work around here,” Henry said watching her smile. He thought her face, the crinkles in the corner of her eyes were as beautiful as her smile – a smile that was lovely enough to brighten his day.

“I do—a few miles down the street actually. I work for One Source Travel Agency.”

“That would make you a travel agent.”

“It would.” She smiled. Removing a business card from her purse, she handed it to him and said, “If you’re ever in need of an agent, give me a call.”

“I will,” Henry said, taking the card. He placed her coffee on the counter and after handing her change, he said, “Have a lovely day, Miss—” He glanced at her business card and saw her name, Wanda Staten. “Have a lovely day, Ms. Staten.”

“Please, call me Wanda. And you are—?”

Henry cleared his throat before he said, “Henry Robinson.”

“It’s nice to officially meet you, Henry.”

“You as well.”

“Ahem,” Destiny said, taking her father’s focus away from Wanda for a second. It dawned on him what she wanted – to be introduced.

He grinned when he gestured over to his girls saying, “And these beautiful ladies are my daughters, Gabrielle and Destiny.”

Wanda’s eyes brightened. “You have daughters. How lovely.” Wanda glanced at his hand to make sure he wasn’t wearing a ring. He wasn’t. She immediately wondered what his story was. Maybe he was one of those men who didn’t marry but still had a significant other. Whatever the case, he had some beautiful children.

“And there’s one more who isn’t here,” Destiny offered.

“Three of you, huh?”

“Yes, ma’am,” Destiny said.

“Well, it’s nice to meet all of you.”

“You as well,” Henry said.

Wanda picked up her coffee cup and said, “I’m off to make people’s travel dreams come true. Have a good day.”

“You do the same,” Henry told her.

As soon as Wanda exited the shop, Gabrielle smiled and looked at her father. “You were flirting with her.”

He waved off her comment. “I was just being friendly.”

“No Dad. You were like all in her face. You like her, don’t you?” Destiny asked.

Henry looked down at Wanda’s business card and said, “She seems like a nice lady but women like that are usually taken—not that I’m interested.”

“She wasn’t wearing a ring,” Gabrielle said, “And she gave you her business card because she wanted you to have her contact information.”

“Yeah, so contact her,” Destiny chimed in to say.

Henry chuckled while sliding the card inside of his pocket. “Calm your spirit little girl. I already told y’all…I’m not chasing after a woman.”

His defiance had Gabrielle wondering why her father had been single for so long? He couldn’t still be in love with their mother could he after she’d run off and left him to raise three girls by himself? Or maybe that bad experience completely turned him off from women altogether. Was he intentionally punishing himself to a life of loneliness?





Chapter 9


-*- Prasad and Lalita -*-





Prasad pulled out the chair at the dinner table for Lalita to sit.

“Thank you,” she said getting comfortable by scooting her chair underneath the table a little further then hung her brown purse on the armrest. Her eyes settled on her husband’s steel, gray eyes and his silky black hair. They hadn’t had a date night in forever it seemed. She’d forgotten how handsome he looked in a suit – how the features of his chiseled face popped after a fresh shave. She smiled appreciatively that this Alexander was her Alexander.

“You look beautiful, Lalita. Have I told you that already?”

“Yes, like five times since we left the kids at your mom’s. Oh and by the way, have I told you lately how much I appreciate your mother? She is the best mother-in-law ever. She’s always so busy, but she still makes time to watch the kids.”

“That’s mother. In fact, I wish she would focus more on being a grandmother rather than the businesswoman who does it all. She has way too much money to be working so hard.”

Lalita gave a half smile then glanced at the menu.

“You really are beautiful, Lalita. I’m lucky to have such a wonderful woman as my wife and the mother of my children.”

“Thank you, Prasad,” Lalita said but the more he complimented her, the more she dreaded bringing up the subject of working and being independent. Of finding her thing.

When their food arrived – curry chicken with a side of black beans and rice – Lalita saw her chance to make her case. Prasad was relaxed, eating good food and sipping on fine wine when she said, “Prasad, I know we discussed this a while ago but I want to revisit it.”

“What’s that, baby?”

“Me—working,” she said paying careful attention to his reaction. First, he grimaced, then picked up his wine glass and finished it off.

“Lalita we’re not strapped for cash. I—we have money and plenty of it. There’s really no real need for you to work outside of the home sweetheart.”

“It’s not about the money, Prasad. It’s about growth and self-fulfillment. I love being with the kids but I want to do something,” Lalita said. It was then she remembered what Gabrielle told her – that she needed to have a plan of what that something would entail before bringing up the subject to Prasad. And she didn’t have a plan. All she had was a flurry of ideas but nothing concrete.

Prasad dabbed his mouth with a napkin, leaned forward and asked, “What is it that you want to do? You’ve been talking about this for a while now, so tell me.”

She frowned because she didn’t have a clue.

“First,” he continued, “I thought you wanted to do something in the restaurant business or work with my mother in some capacity, but then I began to realize that’s not what you want. So, I’m asking you—what do you want to do?”

Lalita chewed on her bottom lip, unsure of what to say. She still had no idea.

Prasad stared at her intently. Waiting. “Sweetheart why don’t you take a week to think about it, and then we can talk. Will that work?”

A smile appeared on her face. “Yes. Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. Always,” Prasad said. He could sense her frustration, but he was also frustrated because he provided her and the kids with everything they needed, and then some. They didn’t want for anything. Why was she so determined to have her own thing when all she had to do was continue being his loyal, faithful wife and mother to their beautiful children?

Switching gears while sharing a slice of mango cheesecake for dessert, Prasad said, “Mother is going all-out for this reunion.”

“I know. It should be a good time. Two days of food, family and fun.”

“I just pray everyone behaves,” Prasad said, and by everyone, he meant Dilvan.

“Me too.” Lalita finished chewing and then said, “The last time we were all together was for Gabrielle’s baby shower for T.J.”

“And that was a disaster.”

Lalita nodded. “Come to think about it…that’s probably why Gabrielle didn’t have a big family baby shower when she was pregnant with Amryn.”

“I can’t blame her,” Prasad said. “Dilvan was out of his mind then, and according to Heshan, he may be right back at it. But, we’re not going to worry about the negatives. I think it will be a good time.”

“It’ll be nice to see everyone together as a family,” she said.

Prasad laid his fork down on the dessert plate that they shared. “How are we?”

“What do you mean?” she asked, staring across the table into his eyes.

“Me and you. How are we doing as a couple?”

“I think we’re doing fine unless there’s something you aren’t telling me,” she said. “Are we doing fine?”

Prasad cracked a smile. “Of course, we are. Wait—aren’t we?”

Lalita laughed. “Yes, we are. I still love you just as much as I did the first time we met.”

“Is that right?” Prasad asked, reaching to hold her hand from across the table.

Lalita clutched his hand and responded, “Yes, that’s right.”

“Good because that’s the same way I feel about you.”

Their gazes locked on each other and held for one powerful, significant moment.

“Mother’s keeping the kids tonight. We’ll have the entire house to ourselves to do whatever we want and in whatever room we want to do it in.”

“Then, let’s get the check so we can go.”

“Yes, ma’am,” Prasad said smiling, raising a finger for the waiter.





Chapter 10


-*- Dilvan and Eden -*-





Eden got out of bed, glancing over at Dilvan’s side of the bed. He wasn’t there. She stretched, smiled and felt warm all over when she reflected on last night and how they’d made love. The joy she felt in her heart told her she had her man back.

She put on her robe and slippers then headed downstairs to find Dilvan on the phone in the kitchen. Walking there, she listened:





“I don’t care what they say! I’m not taking less than a hundred thousand for this shoot and you know what, Len, if they’re not going to give me what I want, don’t bother calling me back!”





Dilvan dropped the phone on the granite counter like he couldn’t care less if the thing broke. He released a heavy sigh.

Eden walked up behind him, placed her hands on his shoulders to console him and his body jerked. “Sorry…didn’t mean to sneak up on you. Is everything okay?” she asked, hoping that it was after the night they’d shared. She brushed a kiss across his cheek and he turned to look at her with dark gray troubled eyes that made the barely visible hair on her arms stand up.

“Yes. Everything is fine. That was Len. She wants me to take a modeling gig for a winter catalog spread. The offer is $75,000.” He shook his head. “These businesses never want to pay you what you’re worth.”

“How many outfit changes were they talking?” she asked.

“Somewhere between ten and fifteen.”

“That’s not too bad but, then again, I don’t know anything about modeling so—”

“You may not know anything about modeling, but you’re beautiful enough to be one.”

A smile beautified her naked morning face. “Thank you, Dilvan.”

“You’re welcome, Eden.”

Eden skipped to the refrigerator, removed a carton of eggs and a package of turkey bacon. When she closed the refrigerator door, Dilvan got up from the barstool, walked over to her and said, “Give me those. I’m cooking.”

“You are?” she asked giggling. Dilvan never cooked. Suddenly he wanted to prepare breakfast?

“Yeah. I am.”

“Okay. Have it your way.” She sat down and sipped on apple juice while he got busy frying eggs and cooking the bacon.

Shortly thereafter he presented her with a plate. “For you my love.”

“I’m impressed,” she said. “The eggs aren’t even burnt.”

“I’ve seen my old housekeeper cook enough times to know my way around the kitchen. Beatrice isn’t aware of this, but I know the ingredients to her famous clam chowder.”

“Do you?”

“Sure do,” he said taking a seat next to Eden with his plate. “One day, I’ll make some for you to prove it.”

Eden grinned. “Sure you will, Dilvan.”

Since he was in a good mood this morning, thank God, Eden saw an opportunity to finally make Dilvan aware of their new addition. Still tense about it, she took a sip of apple juice then just decided to go for it.

“Dilvan, I have to tell you something.”

Dilvan had just finished the last of his eggs and was wiping his mouth. “What is it, Eden?”

“Okay, let me just say first that I think this will be good for us and I know we’re both busy with our respective careers and—”

“Eden, you’re stalling. Just say what you have to say.”

“Okay. Um…”

“Sweetheart, why do you look so scared?” Dilvan asked. “Talk to me. What is it?”

Eden closed her eyes briefly to collect herself then said, “I’m pregnant.”

Dilvan frowned, looking at her like he hadn’t comprehended what she’d said. “I don’t think I heard you correctly. What did you say?”

“You heard me. I’m pregnant. We’re pregnant.”

Silence fell upon the kitchen as the mood suddenly shifted. Dilvan could only look at Eden with the most shocked and terrified look she’d ever seen on his face. Tears formed in her eyes. “Dilvan, say something. Say you’re happy and you want this baby and that—that you love me. Say any—no—say all of those things. Please.”

Dilvan stood up and said nothing as he walked out of the kitchen, leaving Eden sitting there alone with a hand on her heaving chest and heavy heart after her fear had been confirmed. Dilvan didn’t want a baby. If he did, he wouldn’t have walked out without acknowledging what she’d said. As she sat there crying tears, she heard the front door close. Not only had he left the kitchen – he was so disturbed and maybe even disappointed, he had to leave the house. More tears sprang out of her eyes as she sat there, not knowing what to do next.





Chapter 11


-*- Preston and Tamera -*-





Preston preferred to fly. Tamera insisted upon driving, stating how they could stop at different restaurants on the way. Said it would be an adventure. But Preston made a valid point about getting there sooner by flight and thus, they’d have more time to spend with the family. She agreed.

Halfway through the flight after they both had a serving of complimentary wine, Preston looked over at her as she stared out of the window. He smiled. Happy. He’d found this beautiful woman because of a bad review she wrote about his sister’s restaurant. Otherwise, their paths may have never crossed.

“Tamera.”

She pulled her attention away from the view to look at him, her eyes tracing his mustache before she met his gaze. “Yes?”

“Do you miss being home?”

“We just left, Preston. Jeez,” she’s quipped.

He cracked a smile.

“I know what you mean. I do miss being with the family sometimes, but it’s okay.”

“Maybe it is now,” Preston said taking her hand into his, “But once we have children, I think you’d want to be close to your family.”

She shrugged. “Maybe. I don’t know. When that time comes, I’m sure we’ll figure out what’s best for us and our family. We’ve built our lives in Charlotte and it’s not a requirement to have a relative nearby when we have babies.”

“You’re absolutely right. But, I’m putting myself in your shoes—thinking about how you would feel if we had a baby right now and you had no family there to support you.”

“I’ll have you wouldn’t I? Or will you be so busy with work, I’d be a single mother?”

“Wow,” Preston said. The conversation had escalated quickly and he was just trying to get her feelings on the matter. “All I want is to have a conversation with you and you take it there.”

“And you haven’t answered me.”

“Tamera, I told you there’s nothing more important to me than you. Of course, I’ll be there when we have children. I want to be a part of my children’s lives.”

Easier said than done, Tamera thought as she turned to look out the window again. What if she had babies and she became the overworked housewife instead of the blissfully happy wife and mother? She worked for herself so she wouldn’t necessarily have to hire a sitter. Well, she would need someone there if she was on the phone with a sponsor or trying to concentrate while typing her notes.

“Did you hear me?” Preston asked.

She looked back at him again. “Yes, Preston. I heard you.” What she wondered was had he heard himself? While talking about having children was nice and all, actually having them would be a different story especially for a man like him. Granted the majority of the work would fall on her, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t have to allocate a good chunk of his time to focus on the children. Or, would he rather write, edit and manage all aspects of Charlotte Magazine? If he couldn’t get his schedule in order now to spend quality time with her, how would he do it with the addition of children?





Chapter 12


-*- Heshan, Prasad and Dilvan -*-





Just when he was suspecting something was off with Dilvan – well, off more than the norm – Heshan got a phone call from Dilvan requesting they meet up at the bar. Heshan had asked Prasad to tag along, too. They were to meet at 6:30 p.m.

Heshan was there.

Prasad was there.

Dilvan, the ‘meeting organizer’ wasn’t and it was nearly seven o’clock.

“You don’t think he forgot about it, do you?” Prasad asked Heshan.

“He better not had. It was his idea.” Heshan drank more of his beer.

“I wonder what he wants,” Prasad said. “He never asks to meet us anywhere.”

“Well, he asked me to meet him. He has no clue you’re here. And as for him not meeting us anywhere, we did tell him we’d be there for him whenever he needed us to be.”

“I know, but he’s never requested a meeting before, so I thought everything would continue on as normal.” Prasad glanced at his phone. “Whatever it is, it must be important.”

“I imagine so.” Heshan glanced at his watch. “Let’s give him a few more minutes.”

“Yep,” Prasad said looking up at the flat screen mounted on the wall behind the bar.

“How have you and Lalita been doing?”

“Good. I took her out last night…had a little time to ourselves to talk. She wants a job of some sort. I think she’s getting bored staying at home now. Plus, she sees the women in our family working. Mother’s got the restaurants, Gabrielle is running the pastry shop with her father, Charity has the school and Eden is busy running her cleaning service. Lalita says she wants something she can be passionate about.”

“Like what?”

“That’s the problem—she doesn’t know. As far as I’m concerned, there’s no need for her to work. I’ve always provided for the family. It’s like…why get a job and create all of this extra stress for yourself unnecessarily? The last thing I want is for her to figure out what her passion is then pursue that while trying to balance home life with the challenges of a new job—a passion—that she doesn’t even need.”

Heshan chuckled slightly.

“What? Am I cracking jokes here?” Prasad asked with a straight face.

“Sorry, bruh…didn’t mean to laugh. I feel your pain—I really do—but you can’t tell your wife she doesn’t deserve to have a passion. You should want her to have something of her own to be proud of. Now, with that being said, there should be a balance between work and home. That’s something I think Charity lacks because she’s always thinking about the school and how to make it better. Don’t get me wrong—I love how driven she is. She has mother’s work ethic but I think there are times when she needs to slow down.”

“Actually, mom could stand to slow down a bit,” Prasad said. “She’s been going nonstop. Dad tries to make her chill out but she’s constantly doing something. When was the last time she and dad went on an actual vacation? And now she’s busy planning this elaborate reunion. It seems to me like she stays busy intentionally or it could be a distraction from the bipolar.”

“Could be. Eden used to tell me how sporadic Dilvan became in a matter of hours but that was because he wasn’t taking any medication. She said he’d be napping, then wake up with a cheerful attitude and go out and buy a load of stuff.” Heshan sighed.

“Do you think that’s why mother is constantly on the go? I bet she’s not taking her medication either.”

“My guess would be, no, she isn’t,” Heshan said.

“Let’s talk to dad about it this weekend,” Prasad suggested.

“Talk to dad about what?” Dilvan asked, walking up behind them.

“Hey, Dilvan,” Heshan said. “Long time, no see.”

“What’s up, Dilvan?” Prasad asked, scooting over so Dilvan could take the stool between him and Heshan.

“We didn’t think you were going to make it,” Heshan said.

“My bad. I just pulled up fifteen minutes ago, sitting in the parking lot arguing with my agent. She wants me to take a bum deal. I declined it, but she’s insisting I take the gig.”

“What don’t you like about it?” Prasad asked.

“The 75K they’re offering.”

Prasad whistled. “That’s a pretty penny, man. Are you sure you want to turn that down?”

“I do, and actually, I’m thinking about firing Len.”

Heshan chuckled. “See, that’s the problem with you spoiled millionaires. You look at 75K like it’s seventy-five dollars.”

“You’re one to talk,” Prasad said. “You’ve turned down deals in your day.”

“Yeah, I have,” Heshan said, then drank more beer. “So, what’s going on, Dilvan? I know you didn’t ask us here to complain about money.”

“No. I asked you here, Heshan, and I see you got Prasad to tag along.”

“Ay, why not?” Heshan said. “We’re brothers. Anything you can say in front of me, you can say in front of Prasad, right?”

“Right,” Dilvan said. “Well, anyway, Eden’s pregnant.”

“Congratulations!” Heshan said.

Before Prasad could offer up his own congratulations, Dilvan said, “No. I don’t want to be congratulated. This is horrible. I don’t want a baby.”

Prasad frowned. He took Dilvan’s words as a personal insult. He had children – children who he loved dearly. Children he’d give his life for, and Dilvan was pouting about not wanting a baby? Seriously? “What do you mean you don’t want the baby? Are you kidding me?”

“Okay, let me rephrase since y’all getting all bent out of shape. I don’t want a screwed-up bipolar baby like me. I don’t want my son or daughter walking around on this planet not knowing whether they’re coming or going. Some days, I’m up. Most days, I’m down. Why would I want that for my child?”

“But if Eden’s pregnant, what can you do about it now?” Heshan asked. “It makes no sense to sit here complaining about it. This is life, Dilvan. You gotta roll with it.”

Dilvan hung his head.

“When did you find out about the baby?” Heshan asked.

“This morning. I got up in a good mood, cooked breakfast and she just sprung it on me.”

“What did you say when she told you?”

“Nothing,” Dilvan responded.

“Nothing?” Prasad asked.

Dilvan shook his head. “No. I got up and left. I couldn’t say anything.”

“Dang man,” Heshan said. “Your wife tells you she’s pregnant and your reaction is to walk out of the room?”

“I didn’t know what else to do. What was I supposed to say when I don’t want the baby?”

“Come on, man,” Heshan said trying to reason with his brother. “You want your child.”

“I don’t want a child to grow up like I did. I wouldn’t wish this disorder on anyone. Why would I want a child to have it?”

“First off, you’re supposed to love your kids no matter what they have or don’t have,” Prasad said. “And you don’t know if your child would have bipolar or not. I don’t have it. Heshan doesn’t have it.”

“Yeah. Thanks for the reminder,” Dilvan said curtly.

“I can only imagine what Eden must be thinking right about now,” Heshan said. “Have you talked to her since this morning?”

“No.”

Heshan shook his head. “How far along is she?”

Dilvan shrugged his shoulders.

“Okay, I’m trying to keep a level head but your nonchalance is troubling to me,” Heshan warned. “Have you taken your medicine today?”

“Yeah. I took it. Maybe it’s worn off by now,” he said sharply.

“Do you not care about Eden and her feelings?” Prasad asked.

“Of course, I do.”

“And how do you know she wanted anyone to know about the baby right now considering the first pregnancy ended in a miscarriage?”

Dang. He hadn’t thought about that. He was so absorbed in his own feelings, he wasn’t thinking about what must have been going through Eden’s mind. The miscarriage was hard on her. It was hard on him, too, to see her in so much distress. Now, they had a second chance to bring life into the world, and he was acting like a selfish brat.

“How far along is she?” Prasad wanted to know.

“I’m not sure how far along she is. I told you I left so—”

“You didn’t ask?” Heshan questioned.

“How many times do I have to tell you I left the house?” he said, exasperated. “I didn’t ask any questions. I got up and walked out.”

“Wow,” Prasad said. “How could a so-called man leave his wife like that?”

“Are y’all going to judge me or help me? You say you’ll be there for me when I need help, but when I come to you, I get the third, fourth and fifth degrees.”

“I’m not trying to come down on you, Dilvan,” Heshan said, “But as your older brother, I do think it’s my duty to let you know your wife is supposed to take priority in your life and you should treat her with the utmost respect, love and care. How does walking out on your wife when she tells you she’s pregnant equate to showing love and care?”

“It doesn’t,” Dilvan finally manned up to admit. He sighed. “I was so focused on the baby being like me that I didn’t take the time to consider how Eden felt about anything. I’m so stupid.”

“You’re not stupid,” Prasad said.

“Yeah, just go talk to her,” Heshan said.

Dilvan stood up and said, “She probably doesn’t want to hear anything I have to say now, but I’ll give it a shot.”

“And you should really be happy about the baby,” Prasad said. “Children are gifts from God.”

Dilvan nodded, then continued on out of the bar.





Chapter 13


-*- Eden -*-





She didn’t know where Dilvan was. She didn’t care where he was. The only thing on Eden’s mind was taking care of her baby. Alone, unfortunately. While she had suspected Dilvan would be a little thrown off base by the news of her pregnancy, she didn’t expect the reaction she got – for him to walk out on her like she told him she was pregnant with another man’s baby. The baby was his, and he knew that but didn’t want it. And if he didn’t want the baby, he didn’t want her.

Sitting out in front of Charity’s house debating on if she should go inside or just call her on the phone to save face, she rubbed her temples trying to understand the scope of what was happening. How could Dilvan not want their baby? Didn’t that violate some moral code of decency?

She took her phone from the center console and decided that calling Charity might be the better option. Charity already knew about the pregnancy, but it would still be embarrassing to tell her about Dilvan’s reaction. Charity wasn’t a fan of Dilvan from jump. Before they married, she’d told Eden about Dilvan and his shady past. Called him a psycho, a maniac and anything else negative that you can say about a person you don’t like. But Eden chose to see past all those things and listened to her heart instead of her sister. She saw the good in Dilvan, but this circumstance was just too bad to see any good in.

She sighed heavily and took her phone in her hands again, pressing Charity’s name in her contact list, then placed the call on speakerphone.

“Hey, Eden,” Charity answered. “Did you tell him?”

Did you tell him? Oh, she told him alright…

How was she supposed to explain his reaction to her sister in a way that made sense? How would she have Dilvan’s back this time? She couldn’t, she realized. There was no talking her way out of this one. Right now, she wasn’t talking, period. She couldn’t find the words to say anything. Tears formed in her eyes and she sniffled while Charity listened.

“Eden, are you crying?”

“I’ll call you back, Charity,” Eden told her.

“No, don’t hang up. What happened? Talk to me.”

She sniffled again and tried to collect herself but was having a hard time doing so.

“That’s it…I’m going to kill him,” Charity snapped. She suspected the source of her sister’s tears was Dilvan.

“Charity, this is my problem, okay. Not yours.”

“You’re my sister. That means it is my problem.”

“But you don’t know what the problem is yet?”

“Um…you’re married to Dilvan Alexander. I do know what the problem is, now what did he do? Did he put his hands on you?”

“No, Charity. He didn’t. He wouldn’t. What he did was much worse than that, anyway,” Eden said. She found a Kleenex in her purse and blew her nose.

“What did he do?”

“This morning, he was acting normal, like my husband—like the man I fell in love with and married. He cooked breakfast and I was thinking that since he was in such a good mood, it would be the ideal time to tell him about the baby. Well, I was wrong. As we were finishing our meals, I told him and he got up and walked out of the kitchen.”

“He just got up? Didn’t say anything to you?”

“He didn’t say a word. He stood up and walked out. A few minutes later, I heard him actually leaving the house like he couldn’t stand to be near me because I told him I was pregnant. I may as well have said I had the Zika virus. He didn’t want anything to do with me.”

“Let me get this straight. You told him you were pregnant, and he didn’t say anything.”

“That’s right. His face was as blank as a sheet of paper. He just sat there for a moment like it took a lil’ while for my words to actually register and once they finally did, he stood up and walked out.”

“Where is he now?”

“I have no clue where he is. I’m not even at home. I’m sitting out in front of your house, actually.”

“Eden, get out of the car and come on in.”

“No. I don’t want Heshan getting an ear full of this nonsense.”

“Heshan isn’t here right now.”

Eden sniffled. “I still don’t want to come in.”

“Then I’m coming out there as soon as I put my shoes on. Okay.”

“Okay.” Eden placed her phone back in the center console of her car. She leaned forward and buried her face in her hands as she laid against the steering wheel. She already had in mind what she was going to do. She had suitcases in the back seat and hadn’t planned on going back home. She couldn’t take any more of Dilvan’s behavior, and she definitely wouldn’t stand by and allow him to treat her like she had the plague because she was pregnant. With his baby…

She looked up when she heard Charity’s knuckles tap the glass on the passenger side window and pressed the button to unlock the door. Charity immediately opened it and got inside, rubbing her hands together as her body soaked in the heat.

“It’s too cold out here to be sitting in a car.”

“I got the heat on, Charity.”

“Yeah, but still. I’m just saying.” She looked her sister in the eyes and said, “Come here,” as she threw an arm around her. And she just held her for a minute while Eden worked up more tears. It was at this moment when Charity saw the suitcases in the back seat.

“Where are you going?” she asked, separating from her. “Are you leaving?”

“Yes,” Eden said. “I—I can’t take it anymore, Charity. And I tried—tried to help him. I make his appointments, I pick up his prescriptions—I do everything I can, but he’s not helping his self and you just can’t help someone who doesn’t want to do anything to help their self. And then the way he reacted when I told him I was pregnant…” Eden shook her head. “It felt like darkness descended upon the room. I feel like he’s punishing me for getting pregnant like it was my fault. And I’m happy about the baby. I want a baby. I lost—” her voice cracked. “My first pregnancy ended in a miscarriage. I don’t want that to happen again.”

Charity nodded, thinking about how painful it was for Eden to lose the first baby. “Well, I don’t like what he did and I’ve always looked at Dilvan sideways—and probably always will—but I guess you can at least hear him out first before you decide to leave him.”

Eden shook her head. “The decision is already made. I got a hotel for the night and I’m flying out first thing in the morning.”

Her face contorted to fear. “Flying out where?”

“Back to Belize. I still have my office apartment there and I’ll be just fine raising my baby alone.”

“No, Eden. Don’t—”

“I’m sorry, Charity, but I can’t stay. I’ve gotten accustomed to being independent after my first failed relationship, anyway. I didn’t even want to fall in love again, but I took a chance on Dilvan despite his flaws, and look at where that’s gotten me. He walked out on me like I meant nothing to him. And you know what the sad part is?”

“There’re more sad parts?”

“We’d just made love the night before, and he was telling me how much he loved me and how he felt like I deserved a better man than him—all things he’s said to me countless times—and I’m just tired of the depression and the mood swings. He’s happy and full of life sometimes, then you see him again and he’s depressed and nearly suicidal. Even if he does change his mind and decides he wants to be a father, I don’t want to subject my child to a father with practically two personalities. If it’s screwing me up, I can only imagine what his wishy-washy behavior will do to a child.”

Charity shook her head as if to juggle all these thoughts around in it. “Okay, timeout—as much as I would like to choke Dilvan right now, I think it’ll be worth it for you to at least talk to him before hauling it to another country, Eden.”

“You mean like he hauled it out the front door when I told him I was pregnant?”

Charity sighed.

“I’ll be fine,” Eden said. “Maybe I need to be alone. Seems I have a knack for attracting abusive men into my life,” Eden said, thinking back to her ex, the man she was with before Dilvan, who physically and mentally abused her. The man had not only kept her away from her family, but it was nothing for him to beat on her – had her hiding black eyes with makeup. When he’d finally given her a slight concussion, she knew she had to run for her life. So she fled to Belize. Started over. That’s where she met Dilvan. She knew a relationship with him would be risky, but she fell for his handsome looks, gray eyes and well-built body. He was every woman’s dream – well when it came to looks, that is. Everything else about him was questionable. “I can only imagine what mom will think of me when she gets the news about this.”

“That’s the least of your worries right now. The reunion is right around the corner. What am I supposed to say when everyone discovers you’re missing? After Dilvan goes to him, you know Heshan is going to come straight to me to find out where you are.”

“Wow. You said Heshan was coming straight to you. Not Dilvan.”

“Because Dilvan knows I don’t like him. Honestly, I was only tolerating him because you loved him.”

“I still do love him,” Eden said. “I can’t stand his ways, but I still love him.”

“Then there you have it—all the more reason for you to stay and work it out.”

Eden shook her head, reaching to adjust the heat to a lower setting. “No, and I don’t care what you tell Heshan. Everyone is going to find out sooner or later. Knowing this family, they’d know sooner rather than later, so I’m not asking you to keep this a secret. I wanted to be upfront with you about what I’m doing because you’re my sister and I at least want you to know where I am this time.”

Silence filled the car as Charity brushed her hands across her curls, trying to come to terms with what she was hearing. She couldn’t believe this was happening, so she knew her sister couldn’t either.

“I’m tired, Charity. I need to go. I’ll call you in the morning.”

Charity didn’t say a word. Didn’t move a muscle.

“Charity?”

She sighed. “Eden, are you one-hundred percent sure about this?” she asked her. She didn’t want her sister to go. She was happy they’d reunited and was living so close to each other again. She’d imagined them getting even closer, rebuilding their sisterly bond and raising their children together – well when she and Heshan decided to have children. At the same time, she didn’t want her sister to be in a relationship – a marriage – that she deemed mentally abusive. One that she feared her child would also be affected negatively by. Even though she wanted to, she couldn’t make Eden stay under these circumstances.

“I’m not one-hundred percent sure about anything anymore,” Eden said. “I just know that, right now, I need to go.”

Charity huffed a breath, pushing her sadness away so he could be the support her sister needed. “Then if you need anything, please call me.”

Eden smiled sadly. “I will.”





Chapter 14


-*- Preston and Tamera -*-





Tamera screamed in happiness when she saw her father. She’d last seen him at her wedding and was beside herself with joy when she ran up to him and squeezed him as tightly as her muscles would allow. “Hey, Dad!”

“Hey, baby girl. It’s so good to see you,” he said, equally elated.

“It’s good to see you too,” she said, looking him up and down. “You look good, Dad. Nice and lean.”

“Yes, thanks to your mother. She’s been feeding me some good meals…keeping me sharp.”

“That’s my job,” Rena said, coming into view from the dining room.

“Hey, Mom,” Tamera said happily, hugging her mother as closely as she’d hugged her father.

John walked over to Preston and shook his hand. “Good to see you again, Preston.”

“Likewise, Mr. Alexander.”

“Are you keeping my girl happy?”

“I’m doing my best,” Preston said honestly, glancing over at Tamera.

And then Rena hugged Preston, looked up to connect her eyes to his and asked, “How’s my handsome son-in-law doing?”

He cracked a smile. “I’m doing good Mrs. Alexander. How’s my beautiful mother-in-law?”

Rena blushed. “I’m doing wonderful. I’m so glad you two made it in okay. Are you staying here with us? Padma has opened up the house to everybody.”

“No, Ma. We’re staying at one of the oceanfront hotels. We already have a reservation—checking in this afternoon at four.”

“How far is the hotel from here?” Preston asked Tamera.

“Not far at all. A few miles. We’re literally right around the corner. Hey, where’s Padma?”

“Her and Colin ran out to take care of some last minute details for the reunion,” Rena explained. “Have you two had breakfast?”

“We grabbed food on the way in, so we’re good,” Tamera said. “Plus, we have to make our rounds. I want to swing by the Food House before we check into the hotel, then we’re going to Tyson and Gabrielle’s for dinner tonight.”

“Wonderful. Tyson came by this morning already.”

“He did?” Tamera asked, giddy. “Did he bring the kids with him?”

“No. They’re with Lalita.”

“Where’s Gabrielle?”

“You know she works at the pastry shop with her father now.”

“That’s right. Duh, Tamera,” she told herself.

Preston grinned, taking in this version of her. She was different when she was around family, he noticed. She was more relaxed and less rigid and professional.

“Anyway, Padma left us with a variety of breads and jam. Why don’t you two sit down with us for a moment and catch up?” Rena asked.

“Okay. Are you good with that, Preston?”

“Yes. It’s whatever. I’m going with the flow,” he said.

“My kinda guy,” John said.

When they were seated, John got right down to business by asking, “How’s the magazine coming along, Preston?”

“It’s doing pretty good. Sales are up again this year. That’s always a bonus.”

“I have to say, I saw that article you did on the PGA Tournament at Quail Hollow—I thought it was superb. Well written.”

“Thank you,” Preston said, feeling a sense of pride and acceptance that John actually took the time to read the article. “I try to get my team to cover as much as possible, but when it comes to major events like the PGAs, I have to dust off my laptop and get to it.”

John chuckled. “The rain almost stole the show for the PGAs, didn’t it?”

“It did—seemed like a monsoon came through at some point every day.”

“Yeah. I watched it all play out in the news.”

“How has it been pursuing your new career, Tamera?” Rena broke in to ask.

“It’s actually doing pretty good.”

“Not better than working for the health department I imagine,” John said.

Preston frowned slightly. Seemed John was coming down on his daughter for no good reason. Or maybe that’s how they talked. He hadn’t watched the two interact long enough to know the difference, but judging by the expression on Tamera’s face, she wasn’t bothered by it.

“Working at the health department was a safe, consistent job, but in this world we live in, doing your own thing is the way to go. And, while my review site isn’t generating as much income as working for the city, it’s doing good enough.”

“Plus, she has one hundred percent support from me,” Preston chimed in to say. “When it comes to building something from the ground up and grinding, putting your all into it, I can’t help but get behind her because that’s exactly what I did when I started Charlotte Recreational.”

“No doubt,” John said as he nodded.

Rena spread grape jam on a piece of bread right before she asked, “So, when am I going to get some grandbabies out of you two?”

“Oh Lord…” John grinned. “I should’ve known you were going to say something ‘bout some grandbabies.”

Preston smirked.

Tamera smiled uncomfortably. Talking about being put on the spot…

“Ma, don’t Tyson have enough babies to scratch your itch for now?” she asked.

“Partially. You’re my daughter. I get to experience it every step of the way with you.”

“Well, I hate to be the bearer of bad news but I don’t think they’re going to be any babies in our immediate future,” Tamera said.

“By immediate future, you mean what?” Preston asked. “Three months? Six? Twelve?”

Tamera looked puzzled. “O-kaaay…um…tell ya what. We’ll talk about this later, Mom, after Preston and I have had a chance to discuss it again.” Tamera brightened her eyes at Preston. What did he think he was doing?





* * *





“Okay, you completely caught me off guard with the whole baby thing,” Tamera said when they were in the car now, heading to Padma’s Food House.

“Why?” Preston asked. “You know I want children. I know you want children and—”

“Yeah, but we never discussed a timeline for that.”

“A timeline? Why would we need a timeline? Children usually just happen.”

Tamera frowned. “That’s not true.”

“It is true. Most of the population is a result of unplanned pregnancies. People don’t plan to have babies anymore. They just—bloop—have them.”

“Well, for us it will need to be planned. People can do whatever they want. My life and my uterus have to be ready to welcome a baby.”

Preston glanced at her then returned his attention back to the road. “Did you just say your uterus had to be ready?”

Tamera giggled. “Yes, and my life, Preston. I can’t have a baby while trying to get my business off the ground. I mean, I can see how easy welcoming a baby would be for you since your business is successful, but I’m just starting out and who has time for morning sickness, backaches and a mess of appointments? Not me.”

“You’re my wife. What’s yours is mine and what’s mine is yours. Stop thinking about our businesses and finances separately and start looking at us together as an entity. We’re perfectly ready to bring a child into the picture at any time we want.”

“But I’m not ready for a child, Preston.”

“What if I told you I was?”

“Is that what you’re telling me?”

“Yes. That’s what I’m telling you. I want a child.”

“I’m sorry. I don’t believe what I’m hearing right now. We’ve been married for all of four months and you want a child?”

Preston followed the voice direction of the GPS and after a few turns, he was in the parking lot of Padma’s Food House. “This is the place, isn’t it?” He looked over at Tamera. Her face was twisted – mouth wide open in disbelief. He grinned.

“Okay, Tamera…get it all out.”

“Preston, why is it that, all of a sudden, you want to have a child? Help me understand this because I’m totally lost. You didn’t mention anything about a child before we left Charlotte, didn’t say a word about it on the flight, and now, in front of my parents, you hint that you want a baby.”

“Okay, I shouldn’t have said it in the presence of your parents since we hadn’t talked about it yet, but yes, I want a baby.”

“Why?”

“Because I want a baby. I always wanted children.”

“But, Preston, you know I’m trying to get my business off the ground and—”

“We’re an entity, remember?”

She blew a breath. “Even still—”

“You work from home, Tamera. You’re free to roam about and quite frankly, I think you need to do more with your time instead of agonizing over restaurant reviews.”

“Agonizing? I don’t agonize over reviews.”

“You do, but that’s another topic for another day. Right now, we’re talking about babies. Since you work from home anyway, I think transitioning into motherhood will be easy for you.”

“And so you expect me to raise the baby while you’re always gone. You can barely make it home to have dinner with me, Preston. I don’t think we should be discussing having children until we get a handle on our schedules.”

Preston opened the door to get out of the car, then walked around to the passenger side and opened the door for her. Extending his hand to hers, he said, “Let’s agree to disagree and pick this conversation up a later time.”

“Good idea,” she said, hoping later meant like three years later but given his stance on the matter, she was certain it would be sooner than that.





Chapter 15


-*- Dilvan -*-





Dilvan tried calling Eden again and again. It was obvious to him now that she was ignoring him so he had to figure out where she was on his own – at least for now without raising alarm. Certainly, if he called Charity to find out, it would spark a panic.

He drove to her office. Her car wasn’t there, so he knew she wasn’t either. Where could she have gone? To her mother’s? Or had she went by Charity’s? He decided to ride by both women’s houses just to see if her car was anywhere in sight. It wasn’t at either residences.

He sent her a text message, hoping she’d see it, but what were the chances she’d get it if she wasn’t getting his phone calls? Still, he left a message:





Dilvan: Eden, where are you. I’m getting worried. Please call me when you get this.





After he left the message, he headed to the restaurant. He didn’t work yesterday and wanted to show his face today before his brothers started complaining.

As soon as he walked to the back, Prasad asked, “Did you smooth things over with Eden?”

“Uh…not yet. Hey, where’s Heshan?”

“He’s off today so I’m glad you decided to show your face. Grab an apron and let’s get to work.”

“Yeah…okay,” Dilvan said feeling the weight of the world on his shoulders. He’d much rather be out looking for Eden rather than working, but since he was already here, he didn’t want to leave all the workload on Prasad. Reluctantly, he put on an apron and then asked, “What needs to be done first?”

“Tyson dropped off the dough for the yeast rolls. Get them in the oven as soon as you can, please?”

Tyson dropped off the bread like no one else knew how to make the batter for the rolls...

Dilvan quirked up his lips. He hated the fact that his mother gave so much authority to Tyson over the handling of the food or the Food House when he and his brothers were perfectly able to take care of it. But Tyson was a chef and since he had skills he’d learned from years of schooling, that must’ve made him more valuable in their mother’s eyes.

“Can you do that?” Prasad asked Dilvan when he hadn’t responded to him.

“Okay. Fine.” Before he started, he checked his phone to see if Eden had responded to his text message. She hadn’t. Then he washed his hands and put on a pair of gloves. Taking two, long non-stick pans, he greased them with shortening then took the batter, kneaded the dough and began taking generous amounts into his hand, rolling it into a nice round shape, placing them on the pan one-by-one. After filling two pans, he slid them into the oven.

He quickly checked his phone again, but still, there was no response from Eden.





Chapter 16


-*- Preston and Tamera | Tyson and Gabrielle -*-





When they arrived at Tyson and Gabrielle’s home, Tamera walked in and inhaled the delightful aroma of food. Whatever Tyson was cooking immediately had her excited.

“Come on in guys,” Gabrielle said excited, hugging her sister-in-law. “It’s so good to see y’all. Hey, Preston.”

“Hi, Gabrielle. How are you, dear?”

“I’m doing well.”

“Aw, look at you, big girl,” Tamera said, taking Amryn from her playpen that was situated in the living room. “Hey. Do you remember me? I’m Auntie Tamera.”

Amryn smiled, her lovable baby cheeks puffed out.

“She’s starting to look more and more like you, Gabrielle,” Tamera observed.

“You think so? Everyone says she looks like Tyson.”

“She does look like her daddy,” Tyson said, emerging from the kitchen wearing an apron.

Tamera greeted him with a half hug since she was still holding baby Amryn and then Tyson shook Preston’s hand. “Welcome back, family. Make yourselves comfortable. I’m just finishing up dinner. It should be ready shortly.”

“Where’s T.J.?” Tamera asked Gabrielle.

“In his room. T.J., you have company,” Gabrielle called out and then he came walking down the hallway in pajamas.

Tamera, still holding Amryn, leaned forward to give him a hug.

“Hey, lil’ man,” Preston told him before walking to the kitchen to hang out with Tyson. He pulled out a chair.

Tyson looked back at him. “Hey, man. You want a beer or something?”

“Nah, I’m good for now.” Preston stretched. When he and Tamera checked in at the hotel, he’d planned on taking a nap, but Tamera wanted to play around and so they played. Now, he was extra tired. “How’s the restaurant business?”

“It’s good. I have no complaints. Well, I have a few, but what’s the point of complaining about anything?”

Preston chuckled. “You’re right about that.” He admired Tyson Alexander because he’d mastered the art of being a businessman and a family man. Like now – he was in the kitchen cooking dinner for his family, and that’s after he spent the day solving problems related to his own enterprise and volunteering. How did he juggle it all?





* * *





When dinner was ready, they all gathered around the table eyeing up the spread that Tyson had prepared: smoking hot garlic chicken penne, thick baby red mashed potatoes, honey-drizzled fried chicken, biscuits and a fresh garden salad topped with strawberries and sunflower seeds.

Amryn was squirming and reaching for the basket of biscuits.

“Shame on you, Tyson. Got Amryn hooked on bread already,” Tamera said. “You know bread goes straight to women’s thighs. Poor Amryn.”

Gabrielle giggled. “She loves her father’s cooking.”

“Tamera, if you can’t handle this, there’s no need to show up at Padma’s tomorrow,” Tyson warned. “You know she hired four chefs.”

“I heard. I’m surprised you didn’t insist upon cooking.”

“Not this time. I figured I’d let someone else do the cooking so I can enjoy my time with the family,” Tyson said as he made a plate for T.J.

Tamera offered to fix a plate for Preston, but he told her he’d do it himself.

“This is so nice,” Tamera mumbled through a mouth full of food. “I love this house. What’s better than a home-cooked meal and the sound of ocean waves crashing outside? It feels so raw and natural. Feels like home.”

“We’ve gotten used to the sound,” Gabrielle said. “Sometimes, we don’t even hear it.”

“That makes sense. Every time I come here, it makes me feel like moving here—not that I’m going to,” she said quickly, glancing at Preston. “It’s just so peaceful.”

Gabrielle nodded. “It is. The kids love it.”

Preston glanced over at Tamera and saw her beaming in sheer joy. Her eyes nearly rolled back in her head when she tasted the chicken penne. Gabrielle was helping T.J. with his food. Tyson had just finished stuffing his plate to the brim and Amryn was happily gnawing on a biscuit that she had locked in a death grip in her fist.

“So, how’s life in the big city?” Gabrielle asked, looking directly at Tamera.

Tamera shrugged. “It’s busy. We’re always into something. I’m working. Preston’s working. We stay busy with—you know—work.”

“We do too, sis,” Tyson added.

“Yeah, I’m at the shop with my father most mornings and Tyson is at the Food House,” Gabrielle said. “If he’s not there, he’s on the phone with managers of the restaurants assisting them with emergencies and stuff.”

“It gets hectic,” Tyson added, “But we make it work.” He winked at Gabrielle, prompting a smile from her.

“You make it look easy,” Preston said.

Tyson grinned. “Trust me, there’s nothing easy about it. But when it comes to family, you do what you have to do to make it work.”

Preston nodded. “Lately, I’ve been thinking more long-term about my life.” He looked at Tamera and clarified, “Our lives.” Returning his attention back to Tyson, he continued, “I had an epiphany about it, actually.”

“Oh yeah?”

“Yeah, man. I want it all. Honestly, I didn’t know there was this person inside of me who wanted a wife, children and just to be this all-around family man. I want to be the kind of man whose children would be proud to have him as a father. I want the kind of life where my wife would know I’d do anything for her because right now, I don’t—” Preston paused. “I don’t think she knows that.”

Tamera frowned and looked at him. Where was this coming from? “Preston—?”

“I’m sorry, Tamera. I know you don’t like talking about things like this in the presence of family but it’s how I’ve been feeling for the last few months. I want this,” he said gesturing around the table at Tyson’s family. “And I don’t know how to get there because all my life, Charlotte Recreational has been my main focus. Now, I have you and I don’t want us to be one of those couples who have to make time for each other because they’re otherwise busy—caught up in their careers. I want to be the couple who are there for each other because we’re just—there.”

Still frowning, Tamera lowered her fork on her plate. Tyson’s food was delicious, but suddenly, Preston’s revelation had her appetite fading. If he was bringing this up again, then maybe she should’ve taken the time to hear him out earlier instead of putting off the whole baby issue.

“Excuse me for a moment. I’m sorry about this,” Preston said, standing.

Tyson looked up at Tamera and saw the confusion on her face after Preston walked away.

Not knowing what else to say, Tamera said, “Um, sorry y’all. Let me—”

“Wait,” Tyson said, stopping her from going after Preston, especially since he got the hint Preston could use a good man-to-man talk. “I’ll go talk to him. You stay here with Gabrielle and the kids.” Tyson wiped his mouth then stood up and walked towards the front of the house. He found Preston standing on the porch with his hands in his pockets, lost in his thoughts.

“It’s a lot to think about when you get married, huh?”

Preston glanced back at Tyson and said, “Yeah. It is. I love your sister. I do, and I know she thinks I’m losing my mind because I’m not the person she married. I mean, I am, but I’m sure you understand what I’m saying.”

Tyson nodded.

“Marriage has me thinking about a family and the things I want to give Tamera and my children. It has me wanting to do more to be there for her. For the last few weeks, the magazine has been slammed with stories. I’ve been working from seven in the morning all the way up until ten at night for about three weeks straight. Every time I came home late and saw Tamera in bed sleeping without me, I felt a little more guilty. It made me stop and look at myself and ask if this is the man I’m going to be? It’s definitely not the man I want to be. I want to be there for her. I want to help her with her goals and not be so wrapped up in my own company that my family’s well being falls by the wayside. That’s why I was curious about how you juggle it all. You have a wife, two kids, all these restaurants and yet, you still make time to volunteer and get in the kitchen with an apron and whip up dinner for your family.”

“That’s because I have special powers,” Tyson quipped. “Tamera didn’t tell you?”

Preston chuckled.

“Just kidding. I get what you’re saying. It’s not easy. It takes a lot of hard work and dedication and sacrifices to live this kind of life.”

“Is this the life you wanted?” Preston asked.

“It is. While I knew I had a successful business and was happy being single, I also knew that a special woman would come along and have me questioning everything I thought I wanted out of life and replace all of it. I can’t imagine not having my lady and those two kids. They are my life. Without them, I’m just Tyson Alexander, a man who’s measured by the success of his businesses. I don’t want to be measured by the number of good reviews I get or the amount of income I make. I measure my success by seeing a smile on Gabrielle’s face. Seeing my daughter laugh. Being there to play ball with my son. Letting my children play on the beach. Making memories. Five years from now, I want to look back and reflect on the time I spent making my family happy, not my bank account. You get what I’m trying to say?”

Preston nodded. “Yeah. I got it. I see I have a lot of thinking to do.”

Tyson pat him on the shoulder. “You’ll get it straight. One thing I am proud of is the fact that you’re the man she chose. You’re a good man, Preston. I couldn’t ask for a better husband for my sister.”

“Thanks, man.”

While the men were still outside, Tamera looked at Gabrielle and said, “I don’t know what’s come over him lately. It’s like all of a sudden, he’s on this kick about having babies and a happy family life. Don’t get me wrong, I want those things too, and we are happy, but I think it’s too soon for us to be having children. He seems to want them now and being that he brought this up again after bringing it up earlier in front of my parents, I feel bad for telling him I wanted to wait. That we weren’t ready. I think he’s serious, Gabrielle.”

“He probably is. They say men have biological clocks, too, you know. How old is he, anyway?”

“Thirty-seven.”

“And you’re twenty-nine. Your ages are good.”

“But our life isn’t. Gosh, I—” Tamera sighed heavily. “I was all excited about starting my business and getting it off the ground. I pushed having children to the back of my mind. Meanwhile, my husband has them at the forefront of his mind and I had no idea. What does that say about us as a couple? What does that say about me as a wife? Am I doing this all wrong?”

“No, Tamera. It’s just a learning process. You’re older than me and I’m managing two kids, a handsome beast of a husband and a job. I think you’ll learn that marriage is all about compromise. Working together. I know I couldn’t do all of this alone. I learned early to trust Tyson and I know and understand the kind of person he is. He makes sacrifices for our family, so I look for ways I can make him happy. I think as you grow together in marriage, you’ll better understand what the other person wants.”

“I thought I knew what he wanted. I guess I have to figure it out.”

“No. You have to talk to him. Preston looks like the kind of man that’ll tell you what he wants.”

Tamera smiled. “He is.”

“Then, you know what to do, girl.”

“Yeah. I do.”





* * *





Shortly after Preston’s dinner interruption, they had dessert – fudge molten lava cake. While it was delicious, it hadn’t been much of a distraction to the tension that had settled in the room. Now, Preston and Tamera were on a quiet ride back to their hotel. Every time Preston glanced over at Tamera, she looked bothered, so he made sure not to say anything about family or babies – things she didn’t want to talk about.

He glanced over at her again, tempted to lay his hand on her thigh but resisted the urge. “The food was good, huh?”

The sound of his voice took her out of her thoughts. “Yeah. It was, but you can’t expect anything less when my brother is preparing the meal.”

“Of course.” After a few passing moments, he said, “Look, I know I said I wouldn’t talk about family concerns, but Tyson’s a family man and I thought he would understand my position.”

“I get it. There’s no need to explain, Preston.”

They pulled up at the hotel and Preston shut off the car. “There is. I said I wouldn’t do something and I did it, anyway. I owe you an apology.”

“Actually,” Tamera said, shifting her body to look at him. She took his hands into hers and said, “I’m the one who needs to apologize to you. I haven’t been listening to you, Preston. I haven’t been what a wife is supposed to be. I’ve been more defensive than supportive and for that, I’m sorry. I want to be there for you and I realize now that we need to make these family decisions together. It’s not what I want anymore. It’s what we want, and if you want a baby, we need to make it happen. Well, I know you definitely got what it takes to make it happen,” she said, then grinned. “We just need to talk about the timing and everything.”

“Whoa…slow down, woman. I didn’t say I wanted to get you pregnant tonight.” He chuckled.

“That’s how you were sounding.”

“No. I just don’t want us to get so caught up with careers that we miss the opportunity to have a family.”

“We won’t. I’m one-hundred percent on board.”

Preston narrowed his eyes at her. “Really?”

“Yes. Really.”

“And what made you change your mind so suddenly?”

“I had a good talk with Gabrielle. She may be younger than I am, but she has more experience than I do with marriage.”

“She must’ve given you the talking of a lifetime, then,” Preston said.

“Something like that. Now, come on. Let’s get out of this car.”

“Yeah. Let’s go,” Preston said. “I’m not trying to make a baby tonight, but I wouldn’t mind getting in some practice.”

Tamera laughed. “We’ve already practiced one time today.”

“Then you should be good and primed for a few more pounds—I mean—rounds.” He chuckled.

Tamera laughed as she pulled the door handle to get out of the car.





Chapter 17


-*- The Reunion, Day 1 -*-





Padma had her home decorated like a grand ballroom. Strings of lights hung from the ceiling and draped the staircase. She’d hired a DJ who’d set up and was playing jazz tunes for now, but was open to requests. The chefs were busy cooking while servers walked around with appetizers – shrimp cocktail, cheese balls, cheddar olives, salad on a stick and many other variations of food.

Destiny stepped inside and said, “Whoa. This is spectacular.”

“It is,” Carmen agreed. “She went all out.”

“Nice. I had no idea it was going to be like this. I feel underdressed,” Henry said.

“Dad, we’re all dressed casual,” Carmen said. “According to the program, today is casual day. Tomorrow, we have to dress up for the family photo.”

“Right,” he said, thinking about which one of the two suits he owned would get dusted off for tomorrow.

“Hey, y’all,” Gabrielle said when she noticed her father and sisters standing in the foyer. “Come on in and get some of these yummy appetizers. Everything is so delicious.”

The three followed Gabrielle into the dining room to join Padma, Colin, John, Rena, Tyson, Heshan, Prasad, Lalita, Tamera, Preston and Ms. Beatrice. Padma had also invited a few dozen of her closest friends, acquaintances and business contacts.

“Hello, everybody,” Henry said.

They all replied back in a barrage of greetings even the people who didn’t know him.

“Gabrielle, you and your sisters look just alike,” Rena commented. “What are your names again?” she asked, looking at the girls.

“I’m Carmen.”

“And I’m Destiny.”

“Carmen and Destiny,” Rena said. “Well, that’s all right. And how are you doing, Henry?”

“I’m okay for an old man.”

Rena chuckled.

“Oh, stop it, Dad,” Gabrielle said. “There’s nothing old about you.”

“Tell that to these gray hairs on my head.”

The group chuckled.

“Where are the kids?” Destiny asked Gabrielle.

“Oh. Padma set up a play area for the kids. Charity is in there watching them. It’s the large room on the other side of the kitchen.”

“Got it,” Destiny said, heading that way. Carmen joined her.

Padma handed Henry an appetizer plate.

“Thank you, Padma,” he said glancing up at her.

“You’re welcome.”

He still felt uneasy around Padma at times because he was always reminded of the transaction between them involving the arranged marriage of his daughter Gabrielle to her son Dilvan. Dilvan had ended up abusing Gabrielle and Henry had always wanted to put hands on him. Still, somehow, he maintained a good relationship with Padma. After all, he couldn’t blame Padma for her wacko son.

But that was then. He didn’t want to dredge up the past, especially since Gabrielle had moved on and was happily married to Tyson with two beautiful children.

“Let me go make my rounds,” Padma said, glancing at her watch. She walked up to Heshan and asked, “Where’s Dilvan and Eden?”

“I don’t know. I haven’t talked to Dilvan at all today or yesterday for that matter. I last saw him Thursday night.” He glanced back at Prasad and said, “Hey, Prasad, come here for a minute.”

Prasad got up off of the couch and walked over to where his mother and Heshan were standing. “What’s up?”

“Have you heard from Dilvan?” Heshan asked.

“Not today. He was at the restaurant yesterday working though.”

“Mom was just curious about why he and Eden aren’t here yet.”

“Oh,” Prasad said thinking about what Dilvan had told them at the bar, although he didn’t know if it was his place to relay that information to their mother. So he simply replied, “They’ll probably be here soon. You know Dilvan…always late. Give ‘em time.”

“Alright,” Padma said. “Let me go make sure everything’s okay in the kitchen.”

When she walked away, Prasad looked at Heshan and said, “It’s going to be trouble if he doesn’t show up.”

“I know. Let me see if I can reach him.”





Colin and John took a break from the festivities to have a quiet one-on-one chat in Colin’s office – just two brothers, sneaking away from the crowd to enjoy a sampling of pure, white Cognac.

John took a swig and said, “This stuff is the truth. One shot has me done with alcohol for the rest of the evening.”

Colin grinned. “That’s how you know you got a good grade of liquor.”

“And how you know you’re getting old,” he added.

The men chuckled, then Colin joined John on the antique, cherry oak, leather sofa with a deep button tuft and nail head trim accent.

“Padma’s outdone herself this time,” John said, crossing his legs.

“Padma has made it a common practice to outdo herself on a regular basis.” Colin chuckled. “She’s definitely a busy woman. In fact, Heshan and Prasad pulled me aside earlier to ask me if I thought she was taking her medication.”

“Is she?”

“I doubt it. I think that’s why she has to stay busy, you know. If she ever slows down, she’ll probably have time to think about all that bipolar stuff, so she fills every nook and cranny of her day with work.”

“That can’t be good for her.”

“It’s not. I’d much rather she slow her pace and become one of those women who knit those ugly little sweaters and blankets for their grandkids.”

John chuckled. “You don’t want that, man.”

“No, I don’t.” Colin stretched his arms up in the air and yawned. “I could stay in here for the rest of the night and kick back.”

“You know Padma ain’t having that.”

“Nah, I wouldn’t do that to my baby. I try to support her any way I can, but somehow, I have to convince the woman that we deserve some kind of vacation. I can’t tell you the last time we went somewhere, you know, just the two of us.”

“You definitely need to do that, man. Me and Rena just spent some time at a beautiful resort in Martha’s Vineyard back in the fall. It was nice to get away from it all and just lay back and be served.”

“That’s exactly what I’m looking to do,” Colin said. He finished the other half of his shot. “Our children have done well, John.”

“They have.”

“And Tyson…man…I remember when he was just a little boy tossing a football around. Who would have thought he’d grow up to be a multi-million-dollar restauranteur?”

John nodded, proud of his son. Boasting about him, because that’s what parents did about their children whether they were successful or not, he said, “You didn’t hear this from me, but he would’ve been a billionaire restauranteur if he hadn’t passed up an opportunity to move to Paris.”

Colin’s ears perked up. “Really?”

“Yes. You know you have something special when rick folks in Paris want you to open up restaurants there. They offered him double the money he makes in the states, but Tyson turned it down.”

Colin’s eyebrows rose. “He turned it down?” Colin asked, attentive to his brother.

“Yes. He turned it down.”

“Why on earth would he do something like that?”

“He said they wanted him to move there as a part of the deal. Tyson said he couldn’t drag his family over there, and I don’t blame him. Family comes first over everything. I taught him well.”

“But money is important, too,” Colin said. “And one could make the argument—is passing up millions of dollars really putting your family first?”

“Come on, Colin. You know the answer to that?”

“Yeah, but I worked hard to make sure my family was comfortable, but you’re right. I see your point. Sometimes, I wish I was there for my boys more than I actually was. I left most of that responsibility on Padma. I wasn’t around much when they were younger. I still regret that. I’m sure Tyson doesn’t want those same regrets.”

“I know my son. As much as he loves Gabrielle and those kids—he’s making it a point not to have any regrets as far as they are concerned, even if that means making hard sacrifices. And let’s be honest…it’s not like he needs the money. They’re doing just fine right now. More than fine.”

“That much is true.” Colin stretched again. “Alright, brother, I think we should get back in there before Padma notices I’m missing.”

“I think you’re right.”





_____





Gabrielle wasn’t being sneaky and trying to intentionally listen to the conversation between John and Colin, but on her way to the bathroom, she’d heard Tyson’s name and stopped right by the cracked office door. Now that they were done talking, she continued on to the bathroom. What was this deal that Tyson had supposedly passed up? Whatever it was, it sounded major and she couldn’t help but think she stood in the way of that. In the way of his dreams. She didn’t want to feel that way and she definitely didn’t want Tyson to miss out on any opportunities to further his career – his empire – because of her.

And why hadn’t Tyson told her about any of it? He’d kept this from her. What happened to communication? Talking things through? How could he unilaterally make a decision as big as this without discussing it with her first?





Chapter 18


-*- Eden -*-





The last time she ran from a bad relationship, she left without telling her mother or Charity. This time, Eden wanted to do things differently before hightailing it out of the country. She sat in the car and gnawed on her lip, wondering if she was doing the right thing. History was once again repeating itself.

It had always been Eden’s belief that her mother favored Charity over her because Charity always made the right decisions. Charity was running her own school and married to Heshan, who in many ways was far different from his brother, Dilvan. Dilvan was the bad boy, or maybe he was so bad because he refused to get a handle on his disorder. Either way, Eden had chosen him. Married him. Maybe she shouldn’t have fallen in love with someone who had such a shady past, especially given her own past with an abusive ex.

Now, she had to face the judgmental eyes of her mother.

May as well get it over with. The plane leaves in a few hours.

Pushing the door open to get out of the car, she walked toward the house, rang the doorbell and waited. She grew more anxious when she heard the click of the lock, the turning of the doorknob and the creaking sound the door made as it opened.

“Eden, what are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be at the reunion?”

“Yes, but I need to talk to you about something,” Eden said as she entered the house.

“Okay.” Her mother closed the door and joined Eden in the living room. “What’s bothering you, honey?”

“Let me preface this by saying, please don’t judge me because I need a mother right now more than I need a judge, so—”

“Eden, just tell me what’s on your mind.”

“I think I’m leaving Dilvan,” she blurted out quickly.

“Oh,” her mother said calmly. “Why?”

“Mom, he’s not taking care of himself. You know about the bipolar and people who have the disorder can function just fine as long as they take their medicine and with the help of his doctor, I had a regimen down for him that was working flawlessly but he doesn’t follow through with any of it on a consistent basis anymore. No, I take that back. He does some of it, and then some days he goes without it. On the days he takes his medicine, he’s the best husband a girl could ask for. On the days he doesn’t, he’s mean and irritable or way over the top with happiness. I just don’t know which Dilvan I’m going to end up with on any given day.”

“Do you really think the right answer is to run away from the man you love? The man you married?”

Eden blew a breath of frustration. “No, I don’t think that’s the right answer, but I don’t know what else to do, Ma.”

“Oh, Eden…when you left the first time, you didn’t tell me, didn’t say a word. You just up and left me with so many questions about your whereabouts. Now, I understand why you left—to escape abuse—but let me ask you something, honey. Has Dilvan ever abused you?”

Eden shook her head. “No.”

“Then why on earth are you talking about leaving him?”

“Well, I didn’t want to tell you this, but I’m pregnant.”

“Oh, sweetie, you’re pregnant!” her mother said excitedly, embracing her in a hug. “That’s all the more reason for you to stay with your husband, dear. You need him. Listen to me—in life, we’re going to encounter problems—some, big, some small, but they’ll come. That’s a guarantee. And some problems you can walk right over and keep it moving. Other problems you have to climb over—like climbing a mountain—something that takes a little more effort. But one thing is for sure—you’ll never solve a problem by running away from the problem. Just because you run away doesn’t mean the mountain is gone. Do you understand what I’m saying?”

“Yes, but—”

“No buts. I know you love Dilvan. Now, the man got his issues, but that didn’t stop you from marrying him, did it? You saw something in him—something no one else saw—but you saw it and you accepted it. Is that right?”

“Yes, mother, but I have a child to think about now. I told Dilvan I was pregnant and he just walked out.”

“Why would he walk out? Was he that much in shock?”

“He once told me he didn’t want to bring a child into the world that could possibly have bipolar disorder. I guess he was serious about it because when I told him I was pregnant, he literally got up and left.”

“It sounds to me like you need to have a good talk with him.”

“Why? Why waste my time talking when he’s not listening to me.”

“Then listen to him.”

Eden was all set with a retort but she paused. Listen to him. Hadn’t she done that? Listened to him? Helped him? What was she supposed to do? Pry his mouth open and toss the pills inside?

“See, here’s the thing, Eden. People think that when you fall in love and get married, you’re going to live happily ever after. Well, honey, I’m here to tell you…happily ever after only happens in romance novels and Hallmark movies. That stuff ain’t real life. Real love encompasses the pain of going through trials successfully as a couple. This is a trial for you and Dilvan. A test of your love and commitment to Dilvan. You need to see this through, Eden. As a grown, capable woman, you should no longer be running away from your problems. You shouldn’t be running away from anything. Running away is a sign of immaturity and if you weren’t ready for marriage, you shouldn’t have gotten married.”

“Ma, please don’t lecture me right now. I need advice.”

“Well, listen to me then, girl, because I’m giving you all the advice you need. Go home. Talk to your husband. It’s time to stop running and start living. You’re carrying the man’s baby and he has a right to be a part of that child’s life.”

Eden stood up and paced the floor. “You think I’m stupid, don’t you?”

“No. I—”

“Yes, you do. You always thought I made poor choices, and now here I am again. Stupid Eden with the same ‘ol story.”

“Eden, come over here and sit down for a moment.”

She didn’t want to but Eden went to sit next to her mother again.

“You’re not stupid. You’re my daughter and I love you.” She held her hand when she said, “I remember when you and Charity were young. You were always the strong-willed one—the one who learned how to sew her own dress. The one who got a job first. The one who was always a part of school clubs and any committee you could sign up for. It drove me crazy, but when I realized I did the same thing to my mother, I could only sit back and smile.”

“Really?” Eden asked, staring at her mother through misty eyes.

“Yes. Really. You’re just like me, baby, and that’s why I know I’m giving you the right advice. I’m speaking from experience. Sometimes when you’re mad and I mean pissed-off mad at somebody, especially if that somebody is a man, all you can think about is getting away from him. Now, I know Dilvan is all kinds of flaky, but he’s a man, your man and he has feelings. You knew he had bipolar disorder before you married him, right?”

“Yes.”

“But you chose him, anyway.”

“I did.”

“Why?” her mother asked.

“Because—because he’s…he’s…”

“He’s what?”

“He’s everything I want in a man, but—”

“No. Say that again without the but.”

Eden smiled. “He’s everything I want in a man.”

“He’s everything you want in a man and you’re leaving him because he’s not perfect. Baby, I’m here to tell you—it doesn’t get much closer to perfection than that.”

“You’re right. I just felt like I needed to do something drastic so that Dilvan knows I mean business.”

“He’ll know you mean business when you sit down and lay out your wants and needs. When you make it clear that you understand how he feels living with bipolar. He needs to know that you care and not just for the short term. He needs to know when he falls off the wagon and is at his worst, you’ll still love him as if he was operating at his best.”

Eden nodded. “You’re right, Mom.”

“Does that mean you’re going to stay?”

“Yes, but I have to talk to Dilvan.” She leaned over to hug her mother. “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. I know we haven’t always seen eye-to-eye, but Eden, that’s why I’m here. Now, I want to know a little more about my grandbaby.”

Eden’s eyes brightened. “I don’t know the gender just yet, mom. I’ll find out soon. At this point, I’m nervously excited. I wish Dilvan was as excited as I am.”

“Give him time. He will be.”





Chapter 19


-*- Tyson and Gabrielle -*-





Gabrielle couldn’t believe what she’d overheard. Well, she could believe it – she just didn’t like the fact that Tyson had kept the decision from her. Had he actually turned down a chance at having a nice Paris empire – a multi-million dollar venture – because of her? How long ago was this offer? Why didn’t he bring her in on the conversation?

She slowly walked back into the living room to rejoin the family, her eyes immediately meeting Tyson’s as he sat reclined on the sofa holding a glass of white wine, drinking while watching her attentively as she walked toward him. He stared hard, looked her up and down as if he hadn’t seen the black slacks and aqua blue turtleneck she had on when they left their home together. Hadn’t seen her hair pulled back in a ponytail and a fluffy bang – a style that made her look at least five years younger.

He smiled.

She broke eye contact with him. Didn’t smile back.

That’s the moment Tyson knew something was bothering her. He didn’t know what it was but he knew it was something. He made it a point to educate himself on her mannerisms. Any good husband could pick up on signs that something was wrong with his wife.

Gabrielle sat down next to him sitting on the sofa wishing she could take one of the champagne flutes and gulp down the whole glass, but she couldn’t since she was still breastfeeding and pumping milk for Amryn.

Tyson scooted to the edge of the couch, placed his glass on the table, then pressed his lips beside Gabrielle’s cheek. She felt the warmness of his affection flow through her, then looked at him and worked up a small smile.

“Hey. Are you feeling okay?”

She was looking dead at him, so no doubt, she heard his question. The only problem was, it was echoing in her mind over and over again, each echo louder than the one before it – not typically the way echoes worked. Gabrielle couldn’t bring herself to respond with a yes or a no, so she said nothing.

Tyson narrowed his eyes. What’s wrong with my baby? “Gabrielle,” he said, then stopped short of saying anything else when he glanced up and saw Dilvan walking into the room. Immediately Tyson frowned, sized him up and momentarily forgot about the conversation he was having with Gabrielle. He kept his eyes on Dilvan. He couldn’t stand the sight of his cousin – the family all knew that – especially after he found out what Dilvan had done to Gabrielle. The men had exchanged words over it, got into fist fights over it and the animosity between them still existed down to this day, even though Tyson tried to be the bigger man and keep a calm head. Still, he didn’t like being in the same room with the man and he especially didn’t like Gabrielle being in the same room with him. He didn’t want Dilvan’s presence to bring back bad memories for her – of the way he had treated her.

The moment he saw Gabrielle glance in Dilvan’s direction, Tyson whispered in her ear, “Are you sure you’re okay with him being here because we can leave?”

“He doesn’t bother me anymore, Tyson. It’s easy for me to pretend he’s not here. Besides, he has no reason to say anything to me.”

“Even if he did have a reason…I wish I would see him trying to talk to you. It would take an act of God to save that man.”

Gabrielle smiled, but Tyson could still sense something wasn’t right with her. If it wasn’t Dilvan, what was it?

“I’m going to check on the kids,” Gabrielle said standing.

While she went her way, Tyson watched as the family greeted Dilvan like he was a celebrity. The hugs of happiness were probably stemming from the fact that he was so hit and miss, nobody was certain he would show up. Surprise lit up their faces when he finally did. The only people who weren’t smiling and all welcoming were the ones who didn’t know him like that, and Henry. It probably wasn’t a good idea for Dilvan to be at an event where the father and the new husband of the woman he’d abused were present. Tyson was furious enough but Henry – he looked like he could choke the life right out of Dilvan.

Henry stood up with a bald fist, taking easy steps toward Dilvan when Tyson hurried off the sofa and intercepted him. “He’s not worth it, Henry.”

Henry was so furious, he’d temporarily lost the ability to hear. Seemed the room went quiet. He definitely hadn’t heard Tyson, and Tyson was aware of that, so he tried to get Henry’s attention again. “Henry, he’s not worth it.”

Henry blinked out of his fury and focused on Tyson. “What’d you say?”

“I said he’s not worth it, Henry,” Tyson repeated.

“I just want to get my hands on him one good time,” Henry said through clenched teeth.

“Trust me, I know the feeling. I’m with you, but Dilvan’s not himself most times especially since he’s on and off his medication and—”

Henry made another step toward Dilvan and Tyson, once again, held him back.

“I’m not making excuses for him, Henry, but Padma worked so hard to put this together for everyone. Let’s try not to ruin this for her, okay?”

“Yeah, okay. Fine.”

“Can I let you go?” Tyson asked.

“I’m fine,” Henry said still heaving with madness.

Tyson released him and he calmed down a little, returning to his seat. Shrew, he said under his breath, then called Heshan over.

“Heshan, can you keep an eye on Henry for me?”

Heshan glanced over at Henry, then returned his attention to Tyson. “Why? What’s going on with Henry?”

“Your brother just showed up. You connect the dots.”

Heshan shook his head. “See, I knew this reunion was a bad idea.”

“It’s not a bad idea, man. There’s only one person who’s throwing everything off balance. It’s up to us how we react to him. Look, I have to go talk to Gabrielle about something. Watch Henry.”

“Yep. I got it,” Heshan replied.

Tyson walked to the kid’s play area, looking for Gabrielle since that’s where she said she’d be, but when he walked into the room, he didn’t see her. He saw Carmen, Destiny, Charity and the kids, but no Gabrielle. “Hey, Carmen, come here for a minute.”

Carmen, who was sitting on the floor helping T.J. stack Legos stood up and walked over to him. “What’s up, Tyson?”

“Where’d your sister run off to?”

Carmen shrugged. “I’m not sure. I thought she was in the party room with you.”

“She was. She said she was coming to check on the kids.”

“Gabrielle hasn’t been in here.”

“Hmm,” Tyson said, frowning slightly. “Okay. I’ll find her.”

Tyson checked the kitchen. Through the large, bay windows, he could see Gabrielle standing on the deck. Alone. He exited the back door, seizing this opportunity to talk to her in private. He took steps in her direction. Her back was to him, but surely she could hear his steps as he got closer and closer to her.

“Hey, you,” he said, encasing her small waist in his arms.

Gabrielle closed her eyes and allowed herself to feel the love radiating from him. He had plenty of it – so much to give. That had never been a problem with them. Actually, they didn’t have many problems, but this Paris thing – him putting off his dreams – didn’t sit well with her.

“Tell me what’s wrong, Bri.”

Why couldn’t she just let this go and bask in the warmness of his arms? In the scent that calmed her like nothing else. In the welcoming arms of the man she adored.

“I know something is bothering you, so you may as well go on and get it out.”

“Tyson, I—” she paused, hesitant to say anything. “You know what?” she said, turning around to look at him. “It’s nothing.”

“Look me in my eyes and say that.”

She looked at him, but couldn’t hold contact with his copper-toned eyes.

“See, you can’t even look at me. Gabrielle.”

“I can look at you,” she said, making herself do so.

“Good. Now, tell me what’s bothering you? Is it Dilvan, because if so, we can go. I’ll talk to Padma. I’m sure she’d understand considering...”

“It’s not Dilvan, Tyson.”

“If it’s not Dilvan, what is it?”

“It’s you.”

He grimaced. “Me?”

“Yes.”

Tyson leaned forward, kissed her lips and said, “Then tell me what I did wrong so I can make it right.”

Why did he have to be so charming and just plain perfect? She didn’t want to say anything now.

“Tell me,” he said.

“Okay. Um…I overheard your father and Colin talking about how you gave up a major opportunity and I didn’t know anything about it.”

“About Paris?”

“Yes. Paris. Is it true?”

Tyson sighed evenly. He didn’t want her to know anything about that. “Yes, it’s true. I wouldn’t call it a major opportunity though.”

“Then what would you call it because that’s what it sounded like to me.”

“Okay, so what if it was, Gabrielle?”

“Then you should’ve gone for it. Instead, you turn it down and kept the whole thing a secret from me.”

“I wasn’t keeping it a secret, baby. I didn’t tell you because it didn’t directly concern you.”

“It didn’t?” Gabrielle asked with narrowed eyes, “Because you’re my husband. Why wouldn’t it concern me?”

Tyson released a heavy sigh. “Gabrielle, there are certain things—decisions—I have to make concerning this family. This was one of those decisions. Yes, I got an offer to open up my chain of restaurants in Paris, but what you don’t know is, as a part of that deal, I had to physically be there. I had to make an appearance at the restaurants at least once a week and have a direct hand in training the chefs and interacting with the high-end customers the restaurant would cater to. It was a good deal on paper, but logistically, it wasn’t.”

“Why not?”

He scrunched up his brows. “Because I’d have to leave you and my kids on a regular basis to fly back and forth to Paris. Alternatively, I could’ve uprooted you and the kids to make a move to Paris with me but there’s no way I would do that. So, I turned it down.”

“You shouldn’t have.”

“What’s that?”

“I said, you shouldn’t have. This is your dream, Tyson. I don’t want to stand in the way of that.”

“Are you kidding me, Gabrielle?”

“No. I—”

“What makes you think you’re standing in the way of anything?”

“Because if you didn’t have me, Amryn and T.J., you’d be free to pursue it, and probably would have. Am I right?”

Tyson took a step back from her and walked over to the railing, staring out into the ocean to settle himself. Then he looked over at her and said, “You’re my wife. You, T.J. and Amryn—you’re my world. I thought you knew that, Gabrielle.”

“I do—”

“You don’t,” he said frowning, “Because if you did, you wouldn’t be saying these things to me. You would know that a man—a real man—makes sacrifices for his family. A real man put the needs and wants of his family ahead of his own. Was Paris a good opportunity? Of course, it was. Was it worth disrupting my family? No. That’s the reason I didn’t bring it up. There was no need for me to bring it up, just like there should have been no need for this conversation, Gabrielle, because you should know this already. Whenever the choice is between something I want and the needs of my family, you win every time. You, T.J. and Amryn. You’ll always win.”

The sound of waves made the silence between them bearable but still painfully obvious. Tyson’s frustration was apparent by his tone and surely Gabrielle knew that but she still wanted Tyson to see her point – that she wanted him to fulfill all of his dreams and not have them stifled simply because he was married with kids. Any good wife would want that for her husband, and no woman wanted to feel like she was the reason her man couldn’t live to his full potential.

Tyson turned his vision away from her, tapped on the wood railings and said, “I’ll be inside.” And he left her standing there as he headed for the door, still frustrated that the woman he loved more than anything was having difficulty ascertaining everything that entailed.





Chapter 20


-*- Dilvan -*-





When Charity stepped into the kitchen and saw Dilvan sipping on a bottle of water, she scanned the living room for Eden.

No Eden.

He really had the nerve to show up here without her like everything was normal while her sister was depressed and pregnant – probably halfway to Belize by now to get away from him? She could just slap that bottle of water right out of his hand.

“Where’s my sister?” she asked him.

“I don’t know,” he said calmly. There was no sense of urgency in his voice. No panic. No worry. “I was hoping she’d be here.”

Charity threw a hand up on her hip and with raised brows she said, “You were hoping?”

“Yes.” He took a sip of water.

“You know what, Dilvan, you’re such a freaking jerk. I don’t know how or why my sister ever got crossed up with you. She could’ve done so much better.”

“I’m sure she could have,” Dilvan said evenly. He wasn’t trying to be a smart aleck. He was just being truthful. He knew in his heart that Eden could’ve ended up with a better man. One who wouldn’t exit the room when she told him she was pregnant. One who would be there for her emotionally and not so absorbed in his own problems that her problems were minor. Eden was a phenomenal woman, and he wasn’t deserving.

“This is how you treat the mother of your child? Like she’s at fault for getting pregnant? Like you had nothing to do with it?”

So, she knows about the baby…

“Look, this is between me and Eden, not you Charity.”

“What’s going on?” Heshan said stepping inside the kitchen around the same time Tyson came in.

“Nothing!” Charity yelled. “I was just telling your brother how stupid he is.”

“Charity—” Heshan said, putting his arms around her. “Baby, calm down.”

“How can I calm down, Heshan, when he’s here but my sister’s not because your brother treats her like crap and doesn’t want her to have the baby?”

“I never said I didn’t want her to have the baby. I said I didn’t want the baby to be messed up like me. I’m screwed up in the head. I think everyone here can attest to that!”

Padma came walking into the kitchen now to see what all the yelling was about. So did Preston and Tamera.

“What’s going on?” Preston whispered to Tamera.

“I’m not sure, but it’s no surprise that Dilvan is in the center of it all,” Tamera whispered back. “See, this is why I prefer living in Charlotte. It’s always drama when the family gets together.”

“Dilvan, why are you yelling?” Padma asked.

“It’s nothing, Mother. I’m about to leave. I’m sure that’ll make everyone happy.”

Charity, still beyond heated, was so angry, tears came to her eyes. Heshan tried to console her but she maneuvered out of his hold to go outside and catch her breath.

“Wait a minute...no one’s leaving,” Colin said, trying to take control of the situation.

“I think it’s the best thing for me to do, Dad. I don’t want to ruin this reunion for everyone else. Besides, I need to go find Eden and see if I can save what’s left of my marriage.”

“Eden’s in the hospital!” Charity yelled, barging back into the kitchen.

Dilvan, paralyzed by what he heard for a moment, said, “Hospital?”

“Yes. I just got a call from a nurse,” Charity told him.

“I—I gotta…I gotta go.” Dilvan found it hard to breathe as he fiddled around in his pocket for his keys and walked toward the front door.

“Dilvan, you can ride with us,” Heshan said.

“No. I’m good to drive.”

“Dilvan,” Heshan said, looking into Dilvan’s dazed eyes. “Ride with us.”

“Okay. Just get me there as fast as you can.”





* * *





In the back seat, Dilvan fidgeted with his phone. There was no use in trying to call Eden directly if a nurse had to call Charity to inform her of Eden’s hospital visit. Why hadn’t the nurse called him? He was the husband. And what was wrong with Eden that she couldn’t talk? Had something happened to the baby?

“What exactly did the nurse say, Charity?” Dilvan asked.

“Please...like you care.”

“Charity, calm down. Please,” Heshan whispered to her. He could understand her anger but he also knew of his brother’s mental state.

“The nurse didn’t say anything,” she finally answered. “She said the doctor would let me know what was going on when I got there.”

Dilvan was so weighed down with worry and guilt, he couldn’t concentrate. He glanced out of the window and looked at his watch. “Shouldn’t we be at the hospital by now?”

“We’ll be there in a few minutes, Dilvan,” Heshan told him. “Just try to stay calm. Eden’s at a hospital where she can be taken care of. I’m sure they’re doing just that.”

Dilvan buried his face in his hands. He should’ve been the one taking care of Eden. How would he live with himself if she – if they – lost yet another baby?





Chapter 21


-*- The Reunion | Still Day 1 -*-





“Okay, everyone,” Padma said, trying to smooth things over at the reunion. “Let’s all gather into the kitchen. Dinner is ready to be served. Sorry about the little misunderstanding. That’s what makes a family a true family, right?”

Giggles spread throughout the kitchen. “These amazing chefs have prepared some wonderful mouth-watering dishes for us, so dig in.”

When no one moved, John said, “In other words, let’s eat!”

Tamera laughed. “It would be Dad hollering let’s eat.”

“You know it,” Rena said. “He stays hungry.”

Preston smirked. “With all this food, you won’t be hungry too much longer,” Mr. Alexander.

Gabrielle made a plate full of food so the kids could nibble off of her plate. Tyson was in the living room talking to Henry. Since their conversation outside, she wasn’t sure if Tyson wanted anything to eat. In fact, he hadn’t said anything more to her since.

Lalita fixed plates for her family while Prasad went to get the kids from the playroom.

Tamera and Preston chose to sit at the dining room table, feeding each other samples of food off of the other’s plate. She’d made a Chinese food plate, and he had a plate full of Mexican cuisine.

Henry was still frustrated, but somewhat relieved that Dilvan had left. It gave him time to relax and enjoy this opportunity for Carmen and Destiny to spend time with their extended family. They’d all sat with Gabrielle at the dinner table. Carmen got a kick out of Amryn’s giddiness when it came to food.

“She must get that from her daddy,” Carmen said. She chuckled.

“Or she could’ve gotten it from her aunt,” Tamera said, referring to herself.

“Definitely,” Preston added. Pointing at Tamera, he said, “This one eats like she’s due for hibernation.”

Tamera chuckled and slapped him on the arm. “Don’t listen to Preston. He knew what this was when he signed up.”

Preston laughed. “Oh, really?”

“Yes. You knew I was a foodie.”

“I did. You have to respect a woman who ain’t scared to tear into a plate a food.”

“And I’m definitely not scared,” Tamera said, then stuffed an egg roll into her mouth, biting it in half.

Gabrielle smiled, then glanced over at Tyson as he walked to the kitchen, probably to prepare a plate. Moments later, he placed drinks on the table in front of her and leaned down to whisper in her ear, “I saw you didn’t have a drink for yourself and T.J., so I brought him some water. The tea is yours.”

Gabrielle turned to the right to look at him, glancing at lips. She wanted to kiss the frustration away from him. Instead, she said, “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome, baby. Is there anything else you need?”

“Just you,” Gabrielle whispered.

Tyson smiled warmly. “Let me go get some food. I’ll be right back.”

“What was all that commotion about earlier?” Colin asked after summoning Padma off to the side.

Padma wasn’t eating a thing. She was too worried to eat since learning of Eden’s pregnancy. Now, she was in the hospital. “Well, I just found out that Eden’s pregnant, she’s in the hospital for some reason and there must have been some kind of falling out with her and Dilvan based on all the yelling Charity was doing.”

“Eden’s pregnant?”

“I think so.” Padma drew in a breath. “I just wanted to get everybody together to have a good time and as soon as Dilvan arrived, it seemed everything started falling apart.”

“Dear,” Colin said, holding her hands. “Look around. It looks like everyone is having a good time to me.”

Padma took a moment to glance around the dining room. She saw her grandchildren eating to their heart’s content. Tyson had just taken Amryn from Gabrielle’s lap and sat next to her with his plate. Henry, Carmen and Destiny were all laughing about something. Tamera had just fed Preston a crab rangoon. The rest of the family, friends and guests were still in the kitchen, probably deciding what to put on their plates next since the food was bountiful and delicious. A smile came to Padma’s face.

“See,” Colin said. “This reunion is a success. Now, here’s what I want you to do. Go to the hospital to see about Dilvan and Eden. I’ll take care of everything here until you return.”

“Are you sure, Colin?”

He leaned forward to kiss her lips. “Positive. Now, go and see about our grandbaby.”

Padma smiled. “I love you.”

“Love you too, dear.”

Padma walked toward the stairs where she hurried to the bedroom to retrieve her purse. Then she quietly left the house.





Chapter 22


-*- Dilvan and Eden -*-





Charity nearly took off in a sprint down the emergency room hallway looking for Eden’s room. The nurse had given her instructions on how to get there but her brain was so scattered, she wasn’t paying much attention.

“Charity, it’s this way,” Heshan said, going left when Charity went right. Dilvan was on his heel, and now, since she realized she was heading the wrong way before, Charity was, too.

“Here’s the room,” Heshan said.

Charity snatched the curtain open and saw her sister lying there with an oxygen mask over her nose and an IV bag hanging next to her bed. “Eden.”

Eden opened her eyes and smiled faintly at her sister.

Charity smothered her in a hug and said, “Are you okay?”

“Yeah. I’m okay.”

“Thank God. I gotta call mom.”

“No, don’t worry mom. I’m fine.” Eden’s eyes stretched open wider when she saw Dilvan step into the room a few seconds later. Was he normal today? How did he end up coming here with Charity?

Dilvan walked around the bed to her right side and reached to touch her hand, but changed his mind, thinking the last thing she wanted right now was his touch, but then he went for it anyway and sat on the edge of the bed and asked, “Are you okay?”

Eden nodded.

“What about the baby?” Dilvan asked examining her, his heart racing as he glanced at her midsection, but she was covered with sheets and blankets. “Please tell me the baby is okay.”

Eden nodded. “Yes. She’s okay.”

“She? It’s a girl?” Dilvan asked.

“Yes. It’s a girl.”

Dilvan leaned over her, the side of his face touching hers as he fought himself not to give way to tears and get emotional but he couldn’t help it. Charity was right. He had been a jerk. “What happened?”

“I was on the way home and when I pulled up in the driveway. I could hardly breathe. I called 9-1-1 and the ambulance brought me here.”

“This is all my fault. I should’ve been there for you. I’m sorry, Eden. I’m so sorry, baby.”

“We should give them some privacy,” Heshan said to Charity. He led her out into the hallway by the hand.

Dilvan, still overcome with emotion, sat up a little so he could see Eden’s face when he said, “I’m sorry. I don’t want to keep hurting you. I do love you, Eden.”

“I know you do, but you don’t know how to handle your moods and your medication and I’ve tried to help you but—”

“Don’t give up on me,” he interrupted her to say. “I’m not perfect by any means, but please, Eden. Don’t give up on me. I do want this baby—my daughter—and I want you. I want us to be a family.”

“Are you sure that’s what you really want, Dilvan? When I told you I was pregnant, you walked out on me.”

“I didn’t walk out on you.”

“Then what would you call it?”

“I—I didn’t know how to process it.”

“But you know how to process it now?”

“Yes. I’ve had time to think about what you said and you’re right—I haven’t been myself, haven’t been taking my pills and I haven’t been consistent in controlling this disorder. I’m still mad about it—still asking myself why me when my focus should’ve been on you and my daughter. I want us to be together. I want us to raise our daughter—our children—together.”

“That’s all I ever wanted, Dilvan,” Eden said, misty-eyed. “Come here,” she requested, needing to feel his face pressed up against hers again. And when his bearded face touched hers, she felt a shock of static like electricity connect them. “I love you, Dilvan.”

“I love you, Eden,” he said, embracing her, relieved that she and the baby were okay. “Now, call the nurse in here and tell her to unhook all this stuff so I can take you home.”

“It’s not that simple. I feel better, but I still need these fluids. I was a little dehydrated, too.”

“Okay, but I promise that when we do leave, I’m going to take good care of you.”

“I’m going to hold you to that,” she told him.

“Oh my goodness! Are you okay, Eden?” Padma said, rushing into the room in a panic.

“Padma, what are you doing here?” Eden asked.

“The reunion can wait. I came to check on you and my grandbaby,” Padma said, drowning Eden with a hug.

“You know about the baby?” Eden asked.

“Sorry, sis. I think I sort of let the cat out of the bag,” Charity said as she stepped back into the room. “I was so mad at Dilvan, I just snapped.”

“Yeah, she almost assaulted me,” Dilvan said.

“Don’t get it twisted. I still want to choke you, but being that Eden is smiling, I take it you two are back on good terms.”

Dilvan looked at Eden and said, “Yes, we are. I know I messed up and I know this bipolar journey will be a constant battle for me, but I need all of you to hold me accountable. I have a daughter to raise and a wife to support and love. I have my own little family.”

Padma smiled and placed a hand over her heart in awe that her youngest son was soon going to be a father and was finally learning how to be a man.

Heshan smiled too, wrapping his arms around Charity. Something told him his little brother was going to be alright.





Chapter 23


-*- Tyson and Gabrielle -*-





The kids had fallen asleep in the car, so it was an easy job of getting them to bed when they arrived home. The drive had been tense even though they both tried to make small talk about how nice day one of the reunion had turned out and how they were glad Eden was okay. But the elephant that rode with them in the car was now in the room.

Gabrielle didn’t bring up the argument although she wanted to. She walked to the kitchen to get a bottle of water and when she closed the refrigerator door, Tyson startled her – standing right there. How had she not heard him walk up? Probably because she was so engrossed in her thoughts. With her heart thumping, her breaths pumping out quickly, she said in a panicked tone, “Tyson, where did you come from. I—”

Before she could say a word more, Tyson swooped down on her mouth like a hungry lion, filling hunger pangs that all the food from the reunion couldn’t satisfy. With one hand palming her neck, the other working the ponytail loose on her head, he drove his tongue inside of her mouth, eating away at her whimpers. He focused on kissing her with skill – with the intensity of a man bent on making an impression. Granted he did that every time they touched, but she needed to know tonight, here and now, that she was the most important person in his life.

He tore his lips away from her, and while still cradling her neck in his palm, he bore down on her with his eyes. “How many times have we made love in this kitchen?” he asked, nipping at her lips as he waited for an answer. “How many?”

“I can’t count them. It’s been so many times.”

Tyson kissed her again, then looked at her. “Today took me by surprise. Your reaction to this restaurant idea, I mean. It surprised me, Bri, because I thought you knew how I felt about you. But since you’re still having a hard time figuring it out, let me be clear. You, Gabrielle Alexander, come before everything else in my life. No one or nothing is above you. You should know that by now, baby.”

“I do know that, but I don’t want to stand in the way of your dreams.”

“I’ll say it again because apparently, you didn’t hear me. You, Gabrielle Alexander, come before everything else in my life.”

Gabrielle stared into his mesmerizing eyes. Drawn in by desire, she rose to her tiptoes and parted her lips as she joined her mouth to his for a kiss.

Tyson held her close to him, backing her up to the stainless steel refrigerator as his mouth explored hers greedily. He lifted her up, thought about laying her on the sofa, but opted for the safer choice – their bed. He took off her clothes like he’d performed a magic trick, lowering his head to the pillowy softness of her chest. She moaned her pleasure – goodness she could never get used to his mouth all over her body. His lips playing catch and release with hers before he nipped at her earlobe, down to her neck. He flicked his tongue back and forth across her collarbone while feeling the softness of her. Every moan that ascended from her mouth pleased him. Helped him make his point. And then he lowered his hand to touch the dampened silkiness of her, feeling her body tense in response. He kept his eyes glued to her face to see her reaction to his touch. She looked to be somewhere between heaven and ecstasy as she moaned to endure the sweet torture he was delivering to her. Her stomach quivered profusely, and she bit down on her lower lip while she writhed beneath his hands.

Gabrielle felt his mouth on her and immediately arched her back up off of the bed to which Tyson looked up at her and asked, “Where do you think you’re going?” He pulled his shirt up over his head. “Huh?”

Panting, Gabrielle uttered something indecipherable as she watched Tyson remove his khakis and the black boxers he had on to release the swell of himself. She took a moment to appreciate his beautifully built body as she always did before they made love – the broad shoulders that would be her anchor, a chest so massive and chiseled, abs that begged to be touched and an arousal that epitomized male perfection.

Settling between her legs, he inched his way into her desire. Slowly. Seductively. Carefully. Her body was delicate to him and he never desired to be rough with her. He wanted her to enjoy lovemaking as much as he did. He gasped when she’d taken all of him, then lowered his head to hers, taking kisses before he looked at her and said, “Gabrielle, open your eyes.”

She obeyed, looking at his handsome face. The connection they shared was so much more than physical. So much more.

He smiled.

She smiled back.

“I love you more than life, Gabrielle. I never want you to think anything is more important than my family. You hear me?”

“Yes, Tyson,” she whispered.

“I’d give my life for you, so what’s a few million dollars?” He dipped his head for a kiss. “I’ll answer that. Nothing. But you, my sweet wife—you are everything.”

“Oh, Tyson,” Gabrielle said, framing his face in her hands. “I love you so much.”

“I love you, too,” he said, moving his body to convey in actions the love he’d expressed in words.

Gabrielle, holding onto those thick shoulders she loved, lost herself in pure ecstasy, shifting her legs so her feet rested at the back of his calves while he moved his body to drive her to satisfaction. And when a moan of pleasure sung from her lips, his own pleasure came in waves as he grunted into the pillow beneath her head.





Chapter 24


-*- The Reunion, Day 2 -*-





Day two of the reunion proved to be better than day one. Maybe people behaved better when they dressed in formal attire, or it could’ve been the fact that Padma asked everyone to be on their best behavior for the day. Whatever the case, all was well at the Alexander estate.

At one in the afternoon, most of the guests and the family were there – except for Dilvan and Eden who were due to arrive at any moment now. Eden was released from the hospital at ten o’clock last night and the doctor told her to rest. But how could she rest when the family was here? Today was the last day of the reunion and she wanted to see them all before they left.

Dilvan parked in the driveway, then walked around the car to open the door for Eden, taking her hand and helping her out of the car.

“Thank you, Dilvan.”

“You’re welcome, Eden. You look beautiful in that dress, by the way,” he told her. She wore a sparkly, red knee-length dress – still couldn’t tell she was pregnant.

“And you look handsome in that tux,” she told him. He wore a red bowtie to match her dress. “I had to step it up a notch to blend in with my spectacular wife,” he said, looking at her from head to heel.

“Pretty soon, I won’t be able to fit into this thing,” she told him.

“Yeah, and you’d still be my gorgeous wife.”

At the top of the stairs, standing on the porch now, Dilvan hesitated before opening the door. He looked at Eden and asked, “Are you ready?”

“I am.”

He leaned forward and took a gentle kiss from her lips. Then he said, “Let’s do this.”

Padma nearly screamed with happiness when Eden walked inside with her braids hanging long draped with a gold halo headband that matched her earrings. She walked up to her, embracing her. “I’m so glad you could make it, Eden, I have a spot for you right over here.”

Dilvan smirked. His mother didn’t say a word to him, but what did he expect? Eden stole the show and rightly so. She was the gorgeous beauty with the next Alexander grandbaby on the way. All the women surrounded her, congratulating her.

Heshan walked up to Dilvan and said, “Y’all made it.”

“We did.” Dilvan slid his hands into his pockets. “And my woman’s happy again.”

“Are you going to keep her that way?”

“I’m certainly going to try my best.”

“I can’t believe my little brother’s having a baby.”

“A daughter.” Dilvan smiled at the thought of it, but his smile quickly faded as his eyes caught sight of Henry mugging him. “I think I should say something to Mr. Robinson.”

Heshan frowned. “Ugh, no you shouldn’t.”

“Why not?”

“I think that’s obvious, Dilvan. Plus, mother said no drama today.”

“There won’t be any drama. I’ll be right back,” Dilvan said, then headed in Henry’s direction. His palms secreting sweat, he rubbed his hands together and said as he approached, “Mr. Robinson, I know you hate my guts. I see the way you look at me and I understand why you hate me.”

“You know all of that, and yet, you still waltz over here,” Henry said standing.

“Yes, because I—I want to apologize to you, Sir, for the way I treated your daughter. I’m going to be a father soon and I couldn’t imagine someone doing to my daughter what I did to yours. I’m truly sorry.”

“An apology doesn’t change the fact that I would kill you where you stand if it I wasn’t worried about disrespecting Padma and Colin’s house. So do I accept our apology? Yes. I accept it. Would I end your life if I thought I could get away with you? You better believe it. Now, get outta my face, boy,” Henry said sharply, still wanting to grab him.

Dilvan turned around and walked away.

Tyson kept his eyes trained on Dilvan. Medication or no medication – he wasn’t about to let him nowhere near Gabrielle.

Heshan watched as Charity came out of her heels to dance with the kids. She moved and circled her body, supposedly trying to teach them how to dance but it appeared they were teaching her their moves. Charity glanced up at him and smiled. She loved children, he knew, especially since she’d opened up a school and seeing her this happy had him questioning whether he was making a big deal about her working hours. She loved her job, and she had every right to pursue it. The only issue was her schedule.

Tyson stood up, holding Amryn who was dressed in a ruffle-lined white dress with a pink bow tied around her soft curly hair. He took her to the dance floor and twirled with her. She was all smiles with her little baby teeth showing. Tyson kissed her on the cheek, then moved Amryn’s arm to wave at Gabrielle. Gabrielle was busy keeping T.J. in check.

“Amryn is so freakin’ adorbs,” Carmen said, sitting next to Gabrielle.

“She is, isn’t she?”

“Yep...just like her mama.”

“And this wild lil’ thing looks is like his daddy,” Gabrielle said, trying to hold on to T.J. but he managed to wiggle free from her, then ran up to Tyson and wrapped his arm around one of his daddy’s legs. And now, Tyson was dancing with both kids.

“Gabrielle, can I ask you something?”

“Sure.” Gabrielle focused her attention on Carmen. “What’s up?”

“How were you sure Tyson was the one?”

Gabrielle smiled, glanced over at Tyson, then replied, “Tyson treats me like I’m the most important person in the world. And he loves me. I don’t have to question whether or not it’s real. I can feel it.”

Carmen looked at Tyson and said, “He’s so good with the kids.”

“He is. He’s an excellent father.” Gabrielle watched the kids with Tyson for a moment more before looking at Carmen again. “Why are you asking relationship questions, anyway? You’re not seeing anyone are you?”

“Um…not really.”

“So, in other words, you are.”

Carmen smiled. “Well, there’s this guy who likes me, but I told him I was focusing on my classes.”

“You told him right. Keep your head in the books, sis. You’re going to be the first of the Robinson girls to graduate college. You have plenty of time to think about guys and babies.”

“Right.” Carmen stood up. “Let me go see if dad has calmed down some.”

“What’s wrong with dad?”

“He’s still a lil’ rattled by your ex. Dilvan walked up to him and was trying to apologize or something. I thought for sure dad was going to sock him.”

Gabrielle glanced over at her father. He didn’t look too bothered. Maybe the champagne he was holding took the edge off.





-*-





Preston’s hands settled on Tamera’s small waist while they swayed to the music. “Having fun?”

“I am,” she said. “This is nice. The family, the food,” she glanced around and continued, “Padma’s lovely home that looks like a high-end museum…”

“This is a nice home.”

Tamera locked her arms around Preston’s neck. “You surprised me this weekend.”

“How so?”

“You fit right in with The Alexanders.”

He grinned. “What did you think I was going to do?”

“I thought you’d be on the phone handling business, but you’ve been here, like actually here, taking a real interest in my family and giving real consideration to us starting our own family.”

“That’s the way it should be, right?”

A pleasant smile came to Tamera’s face. “Yes. That the way it should be.





-*-





She’d moved on from dancing with the kids. Now, Charity was at the mercy of Colin Alexander. Heshan watched and grew thoroughly amused as his father tried to woo Charity with his old school dance moves. He was doing a smooth altered version of a step dance, his leather shoes gliding across the shiny wood floor. Charity looked like she was having the time of her life as she danced, the A-line red dress hugging every curve of her body. She wore her hair silky straight – the beautiful length flowing down her back. The gold heels she wore were about four inches high but didn’t make her tall enough to match his height.

Heshan walked across the floor to her – to them – then looked at his father and asked, “May I cut in?”

“Certainly, son,” Colin said. “She’s all yours.”

“She certainly is,” Heshan said, connecting his hands to Charity’s soft ones.

“Hey, handsome.”

“Hey, Goldi.”

She blushed. “I was wondering when you were going to rescue me from your limber daddy.”

Heshan grinned. “I figured I’d let the old man get you all greased up so I could slide right in and show you a thing or two.”

“Is that right?”

Heshan spun her around and said, “Yes, that’s right.” He just as easily twirled her back.”

“Ooh, you’re such a tease, Heshan Alexander.”

He smiled.

Charity admired the way his lips moved when he did so, then she took a moment to take in his handsomeness. Boy could her husband rock a suit. He wore an eggshell white suit with a red bowtie that matched her dress.

“Are you having a good time?” he asked her.

“Absolutely. I love your family. Wait, I take that back—I still would like to get my hands on Dilvan, but I guess I’ll have to hold off since Eden is smiling again.”

Heshan glanced over at Eden. She was still talking to Padma and Colin. “You and Eden must’ve planned to wear red, huh?”

“Nope. It just happened like that. We’re sisters…same DNA. Similar tastes in men and fashion I suppose. I still can’t believe she’s pregnant.”

“Me either, but while we’re on the subject, when are you going to let me put one in you?”

“Heshan Alexander,” Charity said laughing playfully slapping him on the chest. “Are you really asking about a baby?”

“I thought I’d throw it out there since we’d be the only Alexander couple who are childless.”

She raised a brow. “We will?”

“Yes. Tyson and Gabrielle have two. Lalita and Prasad have two. Dilvan and Eden have one on the way—that leaves us.”

“Preston and Tamera don’t have children.

“And Preston isn’t an Alexander.”

“So we’re getting technical because, technically I own a school, so I already have a bunch of kids.”

“True, but none of them are mine.”

Charity smiled. “Right. None of them are yours. But we’ll make one—a cute, lil’ drooly baby with his daddy’s charming good looks.”

“Or her mother’s beautiful smile and golden hair.”

“I do have some pretty hair don’t I?” Charity smiled warmly, then kissed his cheek. “We need to talk about something later, too.”

“Don’t keep me in suspense. About what?”

“Well, remember you came to visit me at school?”

“Yes. Continue.”

“And you were doing your whole smothering thing, trying to find out what was wrong?”

“Smothering, you say...”

She chuckled. “You know what I mean. Anyway, I think I may have gone a bit overboard with the after-school program. Maybe in a few years I can swing it, but right now, it’s a bit too much.”

“I’m glad you came to that conclusion because that’s exactly what I was worried about.”

“Well, you don’t have to worry anymore,” Charity said, combing her fingers through his hair, then rubbed her index finger across his mustache. “Now, you can spend your time giving me one of those erotic foot massages.”

“You can get those anytime you want them. In fact, while everybody is taking pictures, we can sneak off somewhere and really get this party started.”

“I like the sound of that loverboy, but I’m certain your mother will notice we’re missing for family pictures.”

Heshan shrugged. “Maybe. Maybe not.”

“As happy as Padma is right now, trust me, she definitely would.”





-*-





Dilvan walked over to Eden and got down on his knees while she was sitting on one of the dining room chairs.

She smiled holding eye contact with him. “What are you doing, Dilvan?”

“I’m checking on my wife,” he said taking her hands into his. “Do you need anything?”

Eden stared down at him with eyes full of love. She freed her right hand from his grasp so she could run her fingers along his jaw. His eyes closed to her touch. Traveling to his lips, she rubbed her thumb along them, tracing them. His eyes opened, slamming the grayness of them with hers. And it was in that moment she was thankful for her mother’s advice. Why would she run away from a man she loved? And she truly loved Dilvan. Everything in her marriage wouldn’t be perfect but if they worked together, they could make it worthwhile.

“I want us to be happy, Dilvan,” she said softly.

“We will be. I know I’m difficult to take sometimes.”

“You can say that again,” Eden quipped. She placed both hands on his face and lowered her face to his and said, “But I love you, anyway.” She touched her lips to his, then parted his lips with her tongue, taking a deeper kiss.

“Ahem,” Colin said, interrupting. “They’re children watching you know.”

Dilvan looked at his father. “That’s okay. They need to see how much Eden is loved.”

Colin pat him on the shoulder, then chased after a server who had a tray full of jumbo shrimp.





-*-





Lalita tried to get Prasad to loosen up a bit. She swore he had no rhythm when he danced – strange considering his father was as loose as loose could get – but Prasad was stiff. He was stepping from side to side. Offbeat. At least he was handsome while he was doing it.

“Have you given any further thought to what we discussed the other day—about what you want to do with your time?”

“I have,” she responded.

“Enlighten me.”

“Well, first, I want to teach you how to dance,” she said, so tickled, she could hardly stop laughing.

“Very funny, Lalita.”

“I’m just playing with you,” she said, coming down off laughter. “But yes, I know what I want to do. I want to be more involved with the kids.”

Prasad looked confused.

Before he could say a word, Lalita explained, “I’ve been so busy racking my brain trying to think of something I could do outside the house that I haven’t been focusing on what I do inside of the house. I’m a really good mother,” she said as if she was just now realizing that.

“Yes, you are.”

“And I think I’m an okay wife.”

Prasad smirked. “You’re more than okay. You’re top of the line, baby. Cream of the crop.”

“And that’s what I want to be. I want to help the kids with homework, cook dinner, keep our house tidy and be the bake-sale queen – the fundraising mom who raises the most money. I want to be the woman who keeps our home a home. That’s what I’m good at. There’s nothing wrong with that, is there? Being a housewife and mother is a pretty demanding job.”

“It is, and no there’s nothing wrong with it. But I think you get bored, and in the event that you do, you could always swing by the Food House and do a lil’ waitressing.”

“Yes, I could.” Lalita put her arms around Prasad and said, “I love being your wife.”

“I love being your husband,” he said, leaving a kiss on her cheek before he took full ownership of her lips.

Lalita squeezed his biceps, soaking in this kiss before she finally pulled her lips away from his. They were in the middle of the dance floor. She didn’t want all eyes on them – especially the kid’s eyes.





-*-





“Well, hello, we meet again,” Wanda, the travel agent, said to Henry.

Henry looked up at the lady standing in front of him and his eyes brightened when he realized who she was. This was the last place he’d expect to see her. “Hi. How are you?”

“I’m doing well, especially now that I got to try some of this food.”

“It certainly is delicious, isn’t it?” Henry asked.

“Indeed.”

“How do you know The Alexanders?”

“Oh, I’ve been Padma and Colin’s travel agent for years.”

“Is that right?”

“Yes, that’s right. I know her and Colin very well.”

“Small world, huh?”

“Hey, that’s my line,” Wanda said.

“Right, with you being a travel agent and all...” Henry chuckled.

She smiled and nodded, glancing around the living room again.

“Were you here yesterday?” Henry asked.

“No. I had to work, but I told Padma I’d be here today, and here I am.” Henry glanced at the woman who was dressed in a long black gown. He thought she was gorgeous when she came into the pastry shop. Today, she was a knockout beauty. He glanced at her left hand to confirm she was single, then quickly looked away, chastising himself for checking her out. He wasn’t interested in a new relationship so why was he looking at the woman’s hand?





-*-





Padma tapped on a glass, rounded everyone up and after the room settled down, she said, “I can’t tell you how happy I am that we were all able to get together like this. It’s truly a joy to share this home and this delicious food with you all. Let’s give it up for the chefs. Isn’t the food delicious?” Padma asked, starting a clap to which everyone joined in. Even little Amryn was clapping. “Also, I want to thank my sons for helping to support my mission of giving back to the community. And my husband, Colin,” she said extending her hand to him. Colin walked up to her and accepted her hand. “Thank you for supporting me even when the Food House was just a simple idea. You never—” she stopped talking when her lips quivered and eyes teared up. “You never gave up on me.”

Colin wrapped his arms around her. “Oh, sweetheart, I could never give up on you.” He kissed her check.

Padma pinched tears from the corner of her eyes and said, “Thank you. And thank you, Tyson, for spending your time and energy cooking for the restaurant. You could be doing so many other things, but you take the time out of your day to help me.”

Tyson nodded to her. He, too, appreciated her vision of giving back. It was his belief that people who had more should give more, and that’s what he was intent on doing.

“As a family with different talents and very different personalities, we’re not perfect,” Padma said. “You’d be hard-pressed to show me a family that is. But even with all of our flaws, we still love each other, and as long as we got love, we’ll be just fine.”

“That’s right,” Rena said.

“I look forward with great anticipation to the future of our family—of meeting my granddaughter for the first time. For those of you who didn’t know, Dilvan and Eden are expecting a baby girl, and I cannot wait to spoil her rotten.”

Eden was all smiles as the family clapped. Dilvan wrapped his arms around her.

“One other thing I want to mention—as you know, I’ve been running the Food House for many years and most recently have opened up another one to help this community. That’s always been my number one goal. To give back. But I think the time has come for me to take a break and relax a bit. I have very capable sons who I’m sure will continue the operation of the restaurants and anyone else who wants to fill in, please do so. I’m not—” Tears came to her eyes. “I’m not quitting. I’m just taking a break.”

“A well-deserved break,” Heshan said applauding her. His applause prompted others to join in and cheer.

“You really do deserve it, mother,” Prasad said. “Heshan, Dilvan and myself will see to it that your mission is carried out at these restaurants.”

“As will I,” Tyson said.

“And I’ll volunteer when I can,” Lalita said.

“And you know Ms. B. gon’ keep makin’ that clam chowder,” Ms. Beatrice said, then let off a hearty chuckle.

“That’s wonderful,” Padma said. “Thank you all for your hard work over the years.”

“You’re welcome, mother,” Dilvan said. “We could never thank you enough for all you’ve done for us.”

Padma brushed away tears. “Y’all got me crying and we’re taking pictures any minute now,” she said, dabbing at her eyes. Then she cleared her throat and made a louder announcement saying, “We’re taking pictures on the staircase in the foyer as soon as the photographer arrives, so try to keep your little ones clean.”

“Is everyone ready for pictures?” the photographer asked. He’d just stepped into the foyer with his equipment.

“Oh, good. You’re here!” Padma said, showing him where the photos would be taken, then got everyone’s attention for a final time. “Okay, we need to proceed to the staircase and get positioned while the photographer is getting the camera ready. We’re only doing a family shot first, so if you’re not family, just continue partying and eating until we’re done.”

Tyson walked over to the stairs with Amryn in his arms. Gabrielle picked up T.J. and joined him. Prasad and Lalita stood with their two little ones. Preston and Tamera took position next to Tyson and Gabrielle. Eden and Dilvan got cozy next to Charity and Heshan. Rena and John stayed at the back, two stairs up behind Tyson. Henry, Carmen and Destiny stood near Gabrielle. To complete the picture, Padma and Colin stood at the front center and now everyone was waiting for the okay from the photographer.

After he made a few adjustments to squeeze the family together so the picture would come out better, he said, “Alright…on a count to three, I want everyone to say Alexanders. One…two…three.”

“Alexanders!”





~ The End~





Thank you for reading, As Long As We Got Love (An Alexander Family Novel). I truly hope you’ve enjoyed it. Please take a moment to:





-Write a brief review.

-Subscribe to my new releases email so you’ll know what’s coming next.

-Like my Facebook page.

-And please visit my website to find your next book: www.tinamartin.net





Thank you for your support!





Discover other books by Tina Martin:





St. Claire Series

*All books in this series are standalone novels and are full, complete stories. Read them in any order.





Royal





The Boardwalk Bakery Romance

*This is a continuation series that must be read in order.





Baked With Love

Baked With Love 2

Baked With Love 3





The Marriage Chronicles

*This is a continuation series that must be read in order.





Life’s A Beach

Falling Out





The Blackstone Family Series

*All books in this series are standalone novels and are full, complete stories. Read them in any order.





Evenings With Bryson

Leaving Barringer

Forever Us: Barringer and Calista Blackstone (A short story follow-up to Leaving Barringer. You must read Leaving Barringer before reading this short story)

The Things Everson Lost





A Lennox in Love Series

*All books in this series are standalone novellas and are full, complete stories. Read them in any order.





Claiming You

Making You My Business

Wishing That I Was Yours

Caught in the Storm with a Lennox (A Short Story Prequel to Claiming You)





Mine By Default Mini-Series:

*This is a continuation series that must be read in order.





Been In Love With You, Book 1

When Hearts Cry, Book 2

You Belong To Me, Book 3

When I Call You Mine, Book 4

Who Do You Love?, Book 5

Forever Mine, Book 6





The Champion Brothers Series:

*All books in this series are standalone novels and are full, complete stories. Read them in any order.





His Paradise Wife

When A Champion Wants You

The Best Thing He Never Knew He Needed

Wives And Champions

The Way Champions Love





The Accidental Series:

*This is a continuation series that must be read in order.





Accidental Deception, Book 1

Accidental Heartbreak, Book 2

Accidental Lovers, Book 3

What Donovan Wants, Book 4





Dying To Love Her Series:

*This is a continuation series that must be read in order.





Dying To Love Her

Dying To Love Her 2

Dying To Love Her 3





The Alexander Series:

*Books 1-4 must be read in order. Books 5, 6,7 and can be read in any order as a standalone books.





The Millionaire’s Arranged Marriage, Book 1

Watch Me Take Your Girl, Book 2

Her Premarital Ex, Book 3

The Object of His Obsession, Book 4

Dilvan’s Redemption, Book 5

His Charity Challenge, Book 6 (Heshan Alexander and Charity Eason)

Different Tastes, Book 7 (An Alexander Spin-off novel. Tamera Alexander’s Story)

As Long As We Got Love, Book 8 (Family Novel)





Non-Series Titles:

*Individual standalone books that are not part of a series.

Secrets On Lake Drive

Can’t Just Be His Friend

Just Like New to the Next Man

Falling Again

Vacation Interrupted

The Crush

Wasn’t Supposed To Love Her

What Wifey Wants





ABOUT THE AUTHOR





TINA MARTIN is the author of over 50 romance, romantic suspense and women’s fiction titles and has been writing full-time since 2013. Readers praise Tina for her strong heroes, sweet heroines and beautifully crafted stories. When she’s not writing, Tina enjoys watching movies, traveling, cooking and spending time with her family. She currently resides in Charlotte, North Carolina with her husband and two children.





You can reach Tina by email at tinamartinbooks@gmail.com or visit her website for more information at www.tinamartin.net.





