Table of Contents


	Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty





Fever

Falling for a Rose Book Four

By

Stephanie Nicole Norris





Contents

Copyright

Dedication

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

More Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris

About the Author





Note from the Publisher: This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead or references to locations, persons, events or locations is purely coincidental. The characters, circumstances and events are imaginative and not intended to reflect real events.

Fever

Falling for a Rose Book Four

Copyright 2017 Stephanie Nicole Norris

Love is a Drug, Ink.

All Rights Reserved and Proprietary.

No part of this book may be reproduced, in any form or format without written permission from Author. Send all requests via email to stephaniennorris@gmail.com.





Dedication





To all my spontaneous friends to lovers! This one’s for you!





Chapter One


Montego Bay, Jamaica

Santana





I’ve done my fair share of traveling. As a native of Houston, Texas, and an investigative journalist, traveling was a part of my job description. When it came to beach life, I experienced it first with friends one Memorial Day weekend on Miami’s South Beach. I’ll never forget how exciting it was to hang out with the girls, sink my toes into the warm grains of sand, and feel the breeze from the ocean’s waves that washed onto shore faithfully. It was four of us. My girls and I were free-spirited. I guess that’s something you can say about all twenty-somethings. We had traveled to Florida with enough money for a one-night hotel stay, gas to get us there, and maybe enough for a meal or two. I said free-spirited, right? Maybe that’s putting it mildly. Anyway, we were young and full of fun. By the way, we had a blast. That trip lasted for about five days. Some nights I think we may have slept on the beach. We had the time of our lives and yet, nothing could’ve prepared me for what I saw now.

I sat on a wooden deck of an over-the-water villa, staring out into turquoise waters. The beautiful blue ocean seemed to go on for miles on end. Yes, you heard me right. I was occupying space in one of Montego Bay’s villas, or bungalows was what some of the islanders called it. The villa sat on top of the ocean, almost as if it’s floating in this one spot. It was 7 a.m., and the sun wasn’t at its highest point yet. Nevertheless, I put on my two piece all white bikini, saturated myself with suntan lotion, and wore a huge white floppy beach hat. Across my eyes were Christian Dior shades. I was fully prepared when the sun decided to send its rays down to attack me.

I’d stirred at 5 a.m. under the comfort of the thick duvet covers that toasted me like I imagined a pleasant, strong male body would. Okay, probably not that good, but it was pretty close. By 5:45, I knew sleep had evaded me. Last night had been eventful, so a few more Z’s wouldn’t have hurt. Instead of traveling for a report, which I rarely came across exotic adventures such as this, I’d been whisked away by my best friend Desiree Stevens. Desiree and I worked together for six years at the Houston Report, a reputable newspaper in the state of Texas. It drove us crazy at times, but we loved our work. Unfortunately, our boss was the ass of all asses, so this year, we quit and moved to Desiree’s hometown of Chicago. Neither of us planned this out. Did I say I was free-spirited in my youth? Okay, I still was, and although I’d like to think I was still young, 32 wasn’t considered prime. The only things Desiree and I shared when we left Houston were two letters of recommendations that she’d pretty much strong-armed out of our boss. I smiled thinking about it. But Desiree came away with something even more pleasant. A marriage proposal.

I was proud of my girl. That ex-dog of a boyfriend was trying to creep back into her life, but her fiancé Julian Alexander Rose shut that down so fast it’s almost comical. As her maid of honor, I along with her bridesmaids were here to celebrate with not only Desiree, but her sister Claudia, too. They were both engaged and were set to have a dual wedding. I smiled thinking about the last few months. My girl had managed to catch the eye of a handsome bachelor. A model at that, and he’d done something most of us girls thought was unattainable these days, swept her off her feet. They fell madly in love.

My parents had been together 50 years, and not even they appeared to be more in love than Desiree and Julian. A close runner-up? Julian’s brother Jaden and Claudia. The two were a match made in heaven. I’m telling you, if I could just get a little of that type of luck rubbed off on me, I’d be okay.

My knight in shining armor didn’t have to be a multimillionaire. It wouldn’t hurt, but I’d be just fine with a mechanic who would love me unconditionally and come home every night with flowers or dinner. I would adore him just the same, grease stains and all. As long as he didn’t get any of that shit on my couch.

Moving along, how rare is it that you and your sister become engaged to multimillionaires who just so happen to be brothers? Pretty darn rare.

I guessed that’s why deciding to have a double wedding was the obvious choice. So here we were, on this beautiful island. Desiree’s and Claudia’s bachelorette parties were tonight, then the next day, a yacht would take us to a private part of this island where they would be wed. Oh, did I forget to mention the groom and his men were here as well? Not in the same set of villas. On the opposite side of the island in another set of over-the-water bungalows.

I swear if I weren’t watching this all unfold I’d say these things only happened in movies. Or a good romance book, whatever your pleasure.

I took in a breath of fresh air and continued to stare out at the serene waters where my mind drifted to Josiah Alexander Rose. He was another brother of the infamous Rose family. The youngest to be exact. And he was just as gorgeous as any of them. Golden dark brown eyes, smooth skin, strong nose and lips of perfection. I’d had a dream of he and I between the sheets ever since I’d met him. I wasn’t naive enough to believe we would be the next Mr. and Mrs. Rose. But a girl could dream, couldn’t she?

I had met Josiah a few months ago. Being the rigorous investigative reporters that we were, Desiree and I had found ourselves in a bit of a mess when one of the stories we’d reported on caused an irate man to burglarize our homes. At the time, Desiree had been put on assignment. She and Julian were set to fly to Dubai. I was all right with being left alone to fend for myself, but Desiree wasn’t. Julian called in his brother Josiah to look after me, and he was charmingly different than the guys I was used to. Believe it or not, I looked at Josiah like he was my personal secret service, so I offered to pay him for his time.

Thinking about that made me blush. I would never forget how his thick brow rose as he sent a laser beam look over my way.

“You’ve been dealing with too many suckers, sweetheart,” he’d said, “but just so we’re clear, you don’t owe me a thing.” He closed the distance from the mini bar across the room to me with a short glass of brandy in one hand and a long-stemmed wine glass with mature Bordeaux in the other. His towering presence brought a wave of warmth and a sexy aroma I couldn’t recognize. “But if you need anything,” he handed me the wine glass, “just say the word.” A lazy grin had spread across his face, and I knew I was in trouble.

It’s interesting because Josiah wasn’t the first brother Julian called. Jonathon was the head honcho at the number one security firm operating across the mid-west and east coast region. But at the time, Jonathon couldn’t make the trip. It was just as well since Josiah and I hit it off great. His funny personality kept my mind away from looking over my shoulder, wondering if someone was watching me. Our conversations were easygoing and fulfilling. Josiah didn’t have a problem telling me about his job as the leading dealer at Infiniti. He revealed his goals, which was to start his charter and expand across the country then the nation. I felt like a proud friend listening to his plans, and it got me to thinking about my own.

Growing up, it took me a while to figure out what I wanted to do with my life. Years to be exact. In college, I started out taking classes to become a registered nurse. My thought was, I wanted to help as many people as possible and what better way to do that than be a nurse. I chuckled. But I soon found out being a nurse wasn’t where my heart was. I’d graduated and gotten a bachelor of science degree only to re-enroll and take courses to become an elementary school teacher. Now I was laughing. Two years and an associate in early childhood education and I was re-enrolling again. You see the pattern here? Finally, I’d found what I yearned for. Helping my community by being in the thick of cutting-edge stories, politics, world or local events, natural disasters, and crimes that were controversial.

Five years later, I walked across the stage of Morehouse University again, receiving my bachelor’s and master’s in journalism, communications, and broadcasting. I’d stayed the course until I left my job. Making the quick change from Houston to Chicago, I’d had to take whatever job I could get. Not that I didn’t try to get on at a local newspaper; I was still confident I could. But at the time, I was temporarily a grade school teacher. Might as well put that degree to use if it’s going to help me pay the bills.

“You’re up mighty early.”

I turned my head, cocking it up to see Desiree standing at the open door to the deck. She wore a fire engine red bikini and a long thin white see-through spaghetti strap cape that flowed from her shoulders to her ankles.

“I’m just as surprised as you,” I said. “Come join me. Mrs. Bride-to-be.”

Her bare feet trod down a couple of wooden steps, bringing her to the beach lounge chair. She sat and pulled her legs over to rest on the leisure furniture.

“I could never get tired of this view,” Desiree said.

I cast my eyes back out at the blue ocean. “Mmm, me either, maybe that’s why I’m up so early taking it all in. Or maybe I’m jealous that this will be your life now.”

“Or,” Desiree said, “maybe you were thinking about a certain someone, and that’s why you couldn’t sleep.”

I didn’t rise to her bait. I kept my face neutral and my eyes set on the gentle waves. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

She laughed. “Mmhmm.”

“I can’t believe you pulled yourself out of that monstrous bed after all the dancing you did at the club last night,” I said, turning the tables back on her.

Desiree shrugged. “What I wanted was to be gyrating all over my husband.”

She did a little jig in her seat, and I laughed.

“That’s right, girl, you better state your claims.”

Desiree smiled over at me. “It has a nice ring to it, doesn’t it? Huuuusssband.” We laughed, and I shook my head.

“I’m not mad at you. Maybe a little jealous but not mad at all.”

“Mmmm, I was you at the beginning of the year when Claudia and Jaden got engaged.”

“And look at you now,” I retorted.

“That’s exactly my point.”

I took my eyes off the distance and looked at her.

“What do you mean?”

Desiree shrugged. “Who knows what can happen in a couple of months or even years when you connect with someone.”

“I’m not sure I follow.”

“Oh yes, you follow,” Desiree said.

How did she know I was feigning ignorance? I couldn’t imagine myself with Josiah as husband and wife. First, we were not dating. Our friendship was new and currently under construction since I didn’t speak to him on a regular basis. Then, he was young, in his late-twenties, and we all knew men took light-years to mature. And let’s face it. I didn’t have light-years.

Movement at the entrance of the deck pulled our attention.

“Having breakfast without us?”

It was one of the triplets. They were sisters to Julian and Jaden. I could never tell them apart, so I didn’t bother to call out a name.

“Do you see any breakfast here?” I said.

“Eden, Santana, the name’s Eden.”

“What?” I shrugged, and she chuckled.

“I know you can’t tell me apart from Phoebe and Jasmine.”

“Oh, so there’s someone who can then?”

We all laughed again.

“We’ve made a decision.” This time it was a different triplet who’d spoken. She stuck her head around Eden then stepped to her side. “For the duration of this trip, Eden, Jasmine, and I will wear specific colors, so you’ll be able to tell us apart. For me, I’ll be wearing purple, as you can see with this to-die-for bikini I have on.”

Eden spoke up next. “I’ll be wearing yellow. I like to think of myself as the bright one of the bunch.”

Desiree and I chuckled when Phoebe side-eyed Eden.

“You wish,” Jasmine stated, moving between the ladies to step out in front of them. I’ll be wearing—”

“Let me guess,” Desiree said, “green?”

Desiree and I both held amused grins.

“Ding!” Jasmine said as if Desiree had won a prize.

“Great!” I said. “Now all I have to do is remember which one of you is wearing which?”

Desiree burst into a full out laugh, and I couldn’t help but join her. The triplets all shuffled their weight to lean into their hips, scowls covering all three of their faces.

“We are trying to help you out here,” Phoebe interjected.

“I know,” I said with laughter still in my voice. “I’m sorry.”

Eden rolled her eyes. “Whatever. You better get it together!” She snapped her fingers.

“You know, you guys could probably just wear different clothes, hairstyles, and makeup, and then I could tell you apart.”

The three girls glanced at each other. “We only do that when it works in our favor,” Eden said.

“And when’s that?” Desiree asked.

“If we’re dating. It’s embarrassing when your boyfriend can’t tell you apart from your sisters,” Jasmine added.

“I’m sure it is,” I whispered.

“Breakfast is ready for anyone who’s hungry!” We all turned to Samiyah Rose who was poised also in a stylish two-piece. Samiyah and Claudia were best friends and co-owners of S & M Financial Advisory back in Chicago. Samiyah was the first to marry a Rose. Jonas Alexander Rose to be precise. Those two were also a match made in heaven, and tomorrow Samiyah would stand behind Claudia as I stood behind Desiree at their wedding.

“I thought you never made it back last night,” Desiree said.

I looked at Desiree. “When did she leave?”

“That damn Claudia can’t keep her mouth shut for two seconds,” Samiyah fussed.

“Oh, don’t be so hard on her. I am her sister you know. She didn’t tell anyone else.”

“She’s right,” I spoke up. “I didn’t even know about it, and I thought me and you were cool like that.” I glared at Desiree.

“Listen, by the time I found out, I was comfortable and in my bed, no hard feelings,” Desiree offered.

“Mmhmm.”

“So, where’d you go?” Eden asked, raising a freshly arched eyebrow.

Samiyah tried to hold back her smug smile, but it came out bright as day. Doing an about-face, she disappeared inside. Desiree and I stood at the same time.

“Does she think she’ll get away that easy?” I asked.

“I’m sure she doesn’t. Let’s go.”

We made our way inside, going straight to the dining hall where Octavia and Selena who were newly acquainted friends of mine but co-workers with Samiyah and Desiree were setting the table. Recently prepared was the breakfast of champions. I hadn’t thought about food this morning, but seeing the platters made my mouth water. Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles, hash browns, fresh fruit, orange juice, water—there was even a bottle of wine sitting on the edge.

“Good morning, ladies,” I said. “Who put the wine out?”

“I did.”

We all glanced over our shoulders as Claudia made her entrance, her head and body wrapped in a terrycloth towel.

“This party won’t stop until we’re back in Chicago, ladies! So, for now, drink up!”

I was temporarily shocked. Claudia wasn’t much of a wine connoisseur like Desiree. I would’ve fully expected Desiree to be the one admitting to the display of wine, but I guess Claudia was in a good mood. And who could blame her?

“Where’s Carla?” I asked. Carla was also a newly acquainted friend of mine. We’d met when I started my teaching gig at the elementary school. Now we were like sisters from another mother.

“Outside talking to the butler,” Claudia smirked, and we all took a seat at the table.

“What is she talking to the butler about?” Phoebe rose the question before I could.

Claudia shrugged. “I’m not sure, but he was talking in a whisper, and Carla was giving him a schoolgirl smile.”

Jasmine gasped. “Oh my God, that girl.”

We all laughed and shook our heads.

“Let’s pray over this food,” I said.

“Come on, hands,” Phoebe ordered, holding her arms out.

We all joined and bowed our heads.

“Heavenly Father, thank you for this meal we are about to receive. Bless this food for the nourishment of our bodies—”

“Carla’s body too, even though she’s outside flirting with the butler,” Eden added, and we all snickered.

“Yes, Lord, Carla’s body, too,” Phoebe agreed. “In Jesus Christ’s name, we pray, Amen.”

“Amen!” we chorused.

“Jasmine, will you pass the syrup?” Desiree asked.

The syrup was passed down the table one by one.

“So, what’s on the agenda today, ladies?” It was Desiree who spoke up.

“Oh, I’m not telling you anything after you kept a secret from me,” I fussed.

“Come on, seriously. I’m the bride, and she is, too. You can’t get mad at either of us,” Desiree determined.

I twisted my lips. “You only get to use that one time, so if this is it, I’ll move on, but I’m telling you. One time.”

The other ladies chuckled, and Claudia spoke, “Well, what are we doing tonight?”

“Strippers!” Octavia said.

The girls whooped and whistled, and the triplets stood and bumped hips in excitement.

“No!” Claudia said. “No strippers, please.”

We all stopped our celebration and stared at her like she’d been bitten by a snake.

“I don’t know if you’re running a fever or not, Claudia, but you can bet your ass there will be strippers,” Samiyah said. “This will be your last night as a single woman, do you hear me? No more one-night stands and late nights out at the club. I’m surprised you of all people would say no to strippers.”

“I promised Jaden he would be my one and only stripper,” she whined.

“Aaaah!” We all yelled.

“Why would you do that?” Selena asked.

“I just lost my appetite,” Phoebe surmised.

“Speak for yourself,” Selena said. “I bet Jaden would make an excellent stripper.”

“Definitely,” Octavia offered, half-purr.

“Wait,” Claudia held her hands up, “are you two imagining my husband in stripper gear because if you are, we’re about to have a problem.”

We all cracked a smile and burst out laughing. Well everyone but Claudia. She folded her arms and scowled.

“Ewww,” Phoebe, Eden, and Jasmine all chimed.

“You gals wouldn’t love it because he’s your brother,” Selena said, “but come on. You know Jaden would put all male strippers to shame.”

“Okay, heffa, you need to get a man of your own,” Claudia said, rolling her neck.

We laughed some more, and even the triplets couldn’t help but chuckle at that. When Carla finally entered the room to find us all half-bent over laughing, she held out her arms.

“What I miss?”





Chapter Two





“I love you, girl, and I want to thank you for being here with me.” Desiree tugged at the form-fitting skirt she wore.

“Why do I feel a but coming on?”

“But, this thing can’t last all night. The wedding is at 4 o’clock tomorrow, and I need my beauty rest.”

I smiled softly at my friend. We were standing on a narrow brick pathway outside the Bellefield Plaza surrounded by a rose garden. The smell of the fresh flowers sat heavily in the air, and each breath I pulled in gave me another gust of the potent fragrance.

“Desiree, tonight I want you to have a blast. I know you’re nervous and anticipating becoming Mrs. Julian Alexander Rose. You know I have your best interest at heart, don’t you?”

Desiree nibbled on her bottom lip.

“Stop that. You’ll mess up your lipstick,” I reprimanded.

“Yes, of course.”

“Okay, then trust me.”

She breathed a sigh of relief, and I grabbed her hand, holding on firmly. Easily we glided down the walkway into an open hut. Blue lights hung overhead, casting a royal shadow over the venue. Leather sofas and modern eclectic chairs sat around an opened floor. A Jamaica tune beat through speakers embedded inside the hut’s structure. Three bartenders stood behind a counter, all natives with welcoming smiles dressing their faces. A personal chef stood flanked in an apron behind a makeshift open range. Flames flickered through the grill where the chef prepared steak samplers for those in attendance.

When we made it past him, we came upon a stage that stretched the room from one end to the other. All the girls plus a few cousins, aunts, and friends smiled up at us.

“Well, it’s about damn time.” That was Eden’s sassy aunt Matilda.

“Oh hush,” Tracie another one of the triplet’s aunts inserted. “She can take as long as she likes. Come on over here, girl, and give me a hug, I ain’t seen you all day.”

We smiled and hugged everyone. Once Desiree made her rounds, Samiyah and I pulled Claudia and Desiree to a stand.

“Okay, ladies, close your eyes. They both obeyed, and we held their hands while Octavia and Selena tied a silk garment around their eyes.

“You’re blindfolding us,” Claudia said, stating the obvious.

“Mmhmm,” Samiyah and I crooned before we all burst into laughter.

“Are you nervous?” Octavia asked.

“I’m not sure yet, I’ll let you know,” Claudia replied.

We all giggled again as they finished their task then Samiyah and I pulled them to the stage and sat them in chairs. Desiree’s hands trembled slightly in mine.

“You are nervous,” I said.

“Just a little. More excited than anything.”

“And what else?”

“Hoping my soon-to-be husband doesn’t kill me for letting a stripper dance in my face.”

“I second that,” Claudia said.

“Technically, the strippers won’t be in your faces since you’re both blindfolded. They’ll just be in your hands, lap, and everywhere else.”

“Oh my God!” Desiree and Claudia screeched.

“Relax,” I said. “Julian and Jaden know what this night is about. I’m sure it’ll be the farthest thing from their minds come tomorrow when they’re both gazing at you walking down that aisle. Plus, they’re men. I’m sure their strippers are nastier.”

“Oh thanks. That makes us feel so much better,” Desiree almost snapped.

The ladies and I giggled, and we moved off the stage. The Jamaican music changed to a sexy bombastic tune. Seconds later, a side door opened, and Jaden and Julian entered the room wearing only a pair of boxer briefs. All the girls swooned, and I could tell the anticipation was killing Claudia and Desiree.

I turned to the girls to shoo them out of the room and into another where the real strippers were because, let’s face it, we still had to have the real deal. Eden, Phoebe, and Jasmine along with their aunts were already gone. I laughed, thinking they must have flown out as soon as Jaden and Julian entered. Samiyah shook her head slowly and gave two thumbs up while Octavia, Carla, and Selena practically drooled, keeping their eyes on the handsome men.

I traipsed toward them and whispered, “There are plenty of gorgeous men in the other room, trust me, now book it!”

“I hardly doubt they are as fine as those two,” Carla said while Octavia and Selena agreed with a nod.

I chuckled and stole another look at the stage. The men were right in Claudia’s and Desiree’s faces. Their hands trailed over the ridges of their abs as the men moved and pumped around them.

Shit, I thought.

“Mmhmm,” Octavia mumbled, noticing me linger.

“Come on,” Samiyah fussed, grabbing us all.

“Aaah!” One of the girls screamed before we could fully disappear. We all turned once more to see what had happened.

Julian had put Desiree’s hand down his pants, and she was two seconds from passing out. We all howled with laughter, unable to contain ourselves as we finally left the room.

Walking through the door hit us with another beautiful sight. Several islanders gyrated around the girls in Speedos, their bodies oiled and abs ripped. Muscled thighs and pedicured toes set off their stripper looks, but nothing fit the part more than the firefighter hats, police straps around their waist, and formal ties that hung from their necks.

Each played a role of a different gentleman but what stopped me in my tracks was Josiah. The ripples in his broad shoulders glistened as the muscles faded into the abs of his perfectly oiled chest. My eyes traveled down to the white cargo shorts that stopped below his toned knees but just above his solid calves. The penny loafer shoes were just as crisp as they completed his sexy Islander appearance.

The woman who leaned into his ear said something that made him smile. She was a friend of the Rose family, and I had a possessive moment where I wanted to snatch him away. I was seconds from pulling my eyes when his gaze connected with mine. The smile Josiah wore faded a bit, and his tongue ran across his teeth. The temperature in the room seemed slightly warmer than moments ago, and I pushed out a laden breath. He spoke to her but kept his eyes on me before leaving her side to trail across the room. As he neared, my body changed. The warmth I felt grew hotter, and my nipples became sore after they hardened. A pulse between my thighs made me want to cross my legs, but I never moved.

I wondered if it had anything to do with his intoxicating stare and muscled arms, coupled with the swagger in his walk. When he was upon me, an electrifying smile covered his face, sending a shockwave through me as if I’d been struck by lightning. I was certain if he touched me I’d melt between his fingers.

“Good evening, beautiful.”

His dark voice sizzled my flesh, and chills populated across my skin. I offered him a smile that I hoped wasn’t awkward.

“How are you, handsome?”

His smile widened. “Couldn’t be better now that you’re here.”

I arched a brow and smiled wistfully. “Somehow, I think you were enjoying yourself just fine before I arrived. What are you doing here? The summons was only for Jaden and Julian.”

He rubbed his chin then crossed his muscular arms.

“I didn’t get the memo.”

But the wicked smile on his face told me he indeed did get it.

“What are you up to?” I asked.

His tongue trailed across his teeth again, and I demanded my body not to react. Josiah unfolded his arms and rubbed his hands together methodically.

“I’m feeling a little… reckless tonight, and I was wondering if maybe you might be feeling the same.”

It was an invitation. To do something neither of us had any business doing. The insinuation sent a plethora of ideas running through my mind. I’d have to get rid of the thong I wore since it was now drenched from the panting of my pussy.

I inhaled. “What did you have in mind?”





The Next Morning



I woke up to warm soft kisses against my cheek and thin prickly hair tickling my chin. I smiled and moaned softly as the kisses trailed down my neck, chest, then swirled around my breasts. Instantly, my eyes shot open and gradually I glanced down. The sight of Josiah’s sexy, muscular physique and tempting mouth sent a flame burning through me within seconds. I wore only a bikini top and bottoms. It was then that I noticed my surroundings.

“Oh my God,” I said.

Josiah continued to kiss down my body as I took it all in. We were laying in a hammock that hung from the entrance of what appeared to be a cave. A waterfall fell over us, and interestingly enough, we weren’t wet, nor were we cold. I moaned when his lips touched my sex, even threw the lacy material.

“Where are we?”

Josiah paused and peered up at me.

“The blue hole,” his baritone voice rumbled.

Then I remembered last night’s activities. Once I’d agreed to go with him, Josiah had taken me by the hand, and we’d driven for about an hour before coming to Ocho Rios. We stopped at a local nightclub for a few drinks and talked about our time in Jamaica, neither of us wanting to see it come to an end with the two days remaining on our trip.

“We’ll come back, just you and I,” Josiah had promised.

That started it. We left the bar and strolled to the entrance of a creek and found access to a river raft. As we sailed downstream, we kissed. It began moderate but gradually intensified into a passionate dance between our tongues that melted my bones and scorched my skin. I was not the type of woman to hold back. I still wasn’t sure if that’s a good or bad thing. I hadn’t had any complaints, so I took it in stride. However, in that moment, I second-guessed myself. It lasted all of two seconds before I found my way on top of his lap, grinding through our clothes. They disappeared, piece by piece, and the raft rocked as it traveled to somewhere I didn’t give a damn about. My only focus was on Josiah.

It was apparent that we’d ventured off to the blue hole, and the sex I wanted to believe we had was absent from my memory. I wanted to ask him as he laid a trail of kisses back up my thighs, but I was afraid if we had and I’d forgotten, it would ruin his ego.

“Didn’t get enough?” I asked, trying to pick his brain without being obvious.

He paused again and cocked his head, amused.

“Didn’t get any,” his deep voice barked. “We fell off the raft, remember?”

My mind roamed for the memory.

“You probably don’t,” he continued. “We shouldn’t have had anything to drink before our excursion.”

“What happened?”

“When we fell overboard, I had to find you and bring you back to the surface. You weren’t breathing.” His eyes darkened. “So, I gave you mouth to mouth resuscitation. You came to, choking up water and laughing.” He pierced a look at me. “I wanted to head back, but you refused, running into the water like you’d lost your mind. That’s how we ended up here.”

I looked over at the waterfall. It hid us from anyone or anything. Watching it from behind was surreal. I then turned to the open cave. Rigid edges hung from the ceiling, and the claylike structure darkened the deeper it went.

“This is nuts,” I said.

“You’re adventurous,” he said. “I like it, albeit a bit out of control at times.”

“Free-spirited,” I defended. “Besides, I remember someone asking me if I was feeling reckless.”

“Mmm, I’ll take that.”

“Sure you will.” I smiled and bit my lip. “So what time is it?”

“I’m not sure,” he mused.

My eyes widened. “What do you mean you’re not sure? Oh my God, we have a wedding to attend. Desiree is going to kill me if I’m late!”

“That’s true,” he said more calmly than I liked.

“How the hell do we get down from here?”

That wicked smile crept along his mouth. “We get wet.”

My body heated at the same time I blubbered, “Wha-what?”

His deep laughed echoed through the open cave, then he tilted his head toward the water below.

“We jump, beloved.”

My eyes rose in surprise. Without warning, Josiah grabbed me, wrapping his arms around my waist, sealing us together.

“On the third kiss, hold your breath,” he said.

“What!?”

He jumped, and I couldn’t believe it. His wet mouth found my face and neck, and by the third kiss, my feet hit the water, and we were underneath the aqua blue lake. His hold remained strong as he swam with me clutching him for dear life to the surface. When we pulled up, I took in a massive breath.

“You’re crazy!” I yelled.

Josiah splashed me with water.

“Yeah, and you love it.”





Five minutes. It was all the time we had left before the wedding started. My nerves were on edge as I ran through the double doors and parked myself in the maid of honor position, which Octavia currently occupied. It had taken too long for us to get back, get dressed, and make our entrance. I was sure Desiree would have my neck, but I couldn’t think about that now. Entering the room from a different direction, Josiah adjusted his tie and winked at me as he found his place among the groomsmen. We didn’t arrive unnoticed. Curious stares, glares, and eyes of mischief followed us as we adjusted ourselves. I must have cleared my throat a million times before finally glancing at Samiyah.

She was squinting at me with a soft shake of her head. A silent chastisement. My stomach flipped. I’m sorry. I mouthed. She pursed her lips as if to say, “It’s not me you need to apologize to.” I sighed and let out a deep breath when the music sounded, and both Claudia and Desiree appeared standing a few inches away from each other. They looked at one another and smiled then reached out and squeezed each other’s hands before making their way down the aisle to their grooms. Everyone was dressed to the nines, and I didn’t miss the glare on Desiree’s face when she moved closer.

I swallowed, hoping she would forgive me later. The ceremony went off without a hitch, and all was well. However, at the reception, I made myself scarce, not ready for the stern talking to I knew was coming. When Josiah approached me again, I said the first thing I should’ve said the night before.

“No.”

He threw back his head and laughed. “Oh come on, you haven’t even heard my plea, sweetheart.”

“Still no.”

“I promise to make it worth your while.”

Damn it, I thought, fighting internally with myself. Needless to say, we disappeared again, and this time for the duration of the trip.





Chapter Three


Josiah

Chicago, Illinois





“Good morning, Mr. Rose. It’s good to see you today. I was worried about you for a second.”

A slow smile spread across my face, and I pulled my hands up, mimicking my brother’s infamous stance when inside the boxing ring. Playfully, I swung at the air as if I was tapping a speed bag. My boss Jim Monroe was cracking jokes early this morning because I never missed a day until recently when my brothers announced they were having a double wedding and celebrating their bachelor parties in Montego Bay.

“You know if it had been under any other circumstances I would’ve been around.”

Jim nodded. “I know. Even if you were paralyzed from the waist down, you’d roll your wheelchair in, ready to make a sale.”

We both chuckled at the image of me wheeling in for a day’s work. I’ve been employed at Infiniti Dealership for six years now. Some of the other salesmen didn’t understand why I made an effort to come to work every day. They would put up the argument that “If my daddy were rich, I would be living the life.” But when you know better, you do better. My father is Christopher Lee Rose, retired business mogul and financial guru. His first business Rose Bank and Trust Credit Union made its first million in three months of its opening. The institution was now worth over five hundred fifty million dollars and run by my brother Jonas.

Of course, although my father had retired, he kept his hands in some trade or business deal. As recently as the beginning of last year my father purchased Gemz, a chewing gum corporation founded in 1972 that had grown to become one of Chicago’s most popular chewing gums on the market. Unfortunately, the company began to fold under economic pressure, and two years ago, Gemz was set to go into bankruptcy. But leave it to my father to swoop in, secure the company, give it a face lift, and save jobs in the process. Odd for someone who’s supposed to be retired. At the beginning of the year, Gemz was ranked in Fortune’s 100 Fastest-Growing Companies.

I understood why my co-workers would be perplexed with me working a nine-to-five when I could go work for my father. But I was bred a different way. If I decided to pull weight at Gemz, it would be at the head of the table beside my father as President and COO. Then I could have a solid hand in the advancement of the company while simultaneously running my dealership. If my mentality was anything like that of Christopher Lee Rose, then building a company from scratch, without the help of my father, but with the same tenacity he had with Rose Bank and Trust Credit Union would be the road I’d like to take first, which was why I continued to work for Infiniti. My plans were simple. At least they were to me. Right now, I’d saved enough money to open my dealership, but that didn’t mean I planned to jump out into shark-infested waters. No. I’d watch, grow and wait until the perfect time for me to make my dreams a reality, and only then would I toss my hat in the ring. I know what you’re thinking. I’m a Rose; I didn’t need to do any of that to be successful. I could merely use my name. Aah, but again, I was a different type of breed.

And although Daddy was rich, and I had a platinum black card at my disposal, there was nothing like building your own and maintaining a legacy.

I’d been back from Montego Bay for a few days when I came down with the flu. Somehow, I managed to let it sneak up on me. Never in my life had I had a problem with the bug, and getting shots wasn’t something I cared to do. Besides that, it was summer time, so I was uncertain if it was the frigid waters from the blue hole or the disarranged mixture of seasons that had plagued me with the viral infection.

“I don’t know how you expect to make hand-to-hand sales with you barking all over our customers,” Jim said. “I appreciate your enthusiasm, but I don’t want to catch that either.”

Jim Monroe was an extraordinarily tall person. There weren’t many people who could hit Jim’s height of 7 feet 2 inches. I was 6’4 myself, and looking up at Jim was a daily thing that never bothered me. Until today. My nose ran, and I pulled a tissue from my black Kenneth Cole pants pocket and blew into the napkin.

“See, that’s what I’m talking about right there. You’ve gotta go. I’ll still pay you for the day. Just go home, please,” Jim urged.

He held up his hands as if to fend off the virus he was sure was airborne by now and looking for a healthy home to lay its burden on. The sound of a spray can echoed, pulling Jim’s and my attention to the open door. Larry Benefield held a Lysol disinfectant can, moving his hand wildly as he sprayed continuously.

I narrowed my eyes. “It’s not that serious. I’ve managed it thus far, haven’t I?”

“Yeah, you’ve managed it,” Larry agreed. “The problem is once you get over it, it is sure to move on to one of us, and I’ve got kids to feed. There’s no way I can afford to get sick.”

“Larry,” I said calmly, “I haven’t been around you.”

“Viruses don’t discriminate.”

Jim nodded in agreement.

“The last thing I need is everyone at the dealership catching the flu.”

“But I’m your best salesman,” I reminded him.

“Yes, but if half of the staff, or worse, all the staff are absent because of the flu, I’d be in serious trouble. Go home. That’s not an option.”

“You’re joking,” I said.

“I’m afraid I’m not, dear old friend.”

Jim reached out to pad me on the shoulder but thought better of it and pulled his hand back.

“Take the week off. You’ve got sick time available. I’ll put it in for you so you’ll still get paid.”

“But, Boss, my bonuses.”

“The sooner you get better, the sooner you can come back. You’ll be okay. I’m sure your savings account is about to burst open with that rich daddy of yours.”

Larry snickered, and I turned to glare at him. With no words to offer, I did -an about face and took my leave through the showroom. Outside, I hit the alarm on my Infiniti Q70L. Jumping in, I pushed out a code and hit the startup button, dropping the keys into the middle console.

“Back so soon?”

The electronic voice system was a gift from my father. Surprisingly, it was pre-installed before being shipped to me. The electronic voice system was designed to be a helpful navigation mate along with a couple of other silly features, like noticing I’d only been gone a short while before returning. I’d named it after a past girlfriend who liked to boss me around and crowd me with questions of my whereabouts the full two months I could stand dating her.

“Yes, going home, Clarissa.”

The frustration in my voice was apparent. I put the car in drive and pulled onto Frazier Boulevard. Clarissa was also wired to the Bluetooth in my car, and she informed me of incoming calls. The call would then be connected to the subwoofers if I decided to answer.

“You have an incoming call from Samantha Lean,” Clarissa informed.

“Answer it,” I said.

Samantha Lean was my father’s assistant at Gemz. She didn’t call unless there was some business meeting or event he wanted me to attend. As with most fathers mine wanted me to take an interest in his company.

“Ms. Leans,” I said.

“Hello, Josiah, how are you today?”

“Not so good actually. I’ve managed to catch the flu of all things.”

There was a light snicker from the other end of the phone.

“Oh, you poor thing, summertime colds are the worst,” she teased.

“We can both agree there.”

“I have something important to go over with you and would like to know if you could meet me today at 4 o’clock?”

I looked at the time on the dashboard: 9:52 a.m.

“You can meet me now if you like. I’m free all day. I was sent home early because of this virus. It seems no one at the dealership wants to catch it.”

“Oh, so sorry to hear that, but good for us. Meet me at the office downtown in thirty minutes.”

“I’ll be there.”

“Okay, see you soon.”

The call dropped, and I spoke to Clarissa. “Pandora.”

“Playlist?” Clarissa asked.

“Any.”

The R&B sounds of “Adorn” by Miguel pumped through the speakers. It wouldn’t take me thirty minutes to get to the downtown office, so I made a pit stop to grab a bite to eat at Panera Bread. I steered the Infiniti into a parking spot away from other cars so no one could accidentally ding or scrap my doors while pulling in or out of a spot next to mine. Saw it happen a million times. I pulled hand sanitizer from my glove compartment and applied the liquid to my hands. After exiting, I entered a code that left the car running but locked the doors. Inside the restaurant, I stood behind a stocky Caucasian man who kept turning around to look over his shoulder.

“Can I help you with something?” I asked.

The man glanced back to me before turning back around, leaving my question lingering in midair. After the man ordered, I stepped forward and placed my order.

“I’ll have the all-natural Sonoma chicken stew in a bread bowl, please.”

“Great choice,” the cashier gleefully stated.

She entered the order and gave me my total. After paying, I stepped to the pick-up line and waited. The man who stood staring before looked back at me again. His eyes lowered as he squinted.

“You wouldn’t happen to be one of those Rose brothers, would you?” he finally asked.

I was tempted to discourage him and tell him no, he was mistaken. But I was never one for airing false claims.

“I am, how are you, sir?” I held out my hand, and we shook.

“I’m fine, thanks for asking. Are you the baby boy? Wow, I never thought I’d be standing in line with a Rose.”

I frowned. “I assure you, we are no different than anyone else, no matter what you heard about us from others. And yes, I’m the youngest male. I do have three younger sisters.”

The man chuckled. “Yes, I’ve seen them too! Gorgeous they are.” I raised a brow, and the man nervously shuffled into his next words. “Hey, I’m Fred, and I’ll have to disagree with your last statement about being no different than anyone else, but it’s refreshing to know you’re humble.”

My frown increased. “Believe me, we are all just the same as you. A hardworking family trying to live the American Dream.”

Humor trod across Fred’s face. “Right.”

Our orders were ready at the same time, and we both moved forward to accept them. We strolled to the door, and I held it open for Fred and the older lady standing next to him.

“Oh,” Fred said, almost as an afterthought. “This is Shannon, my wife. Shannon, this is one of those Rose brothers.”

“Josiah,” I offered.

Shannon’s crinkled skin reddened as she blushed.

“It’s a good thing he wasn’t young in my day or Fred, Josiah would’ve given you a run for your money.”

I smiled, and Fred scoffed. “Don’t be ridiculous. I’m sure Josiah dates only supermodels. Not that you couldn’t have pulled it off,” Fred retracted at Shannon’s glare. Fred cleared his throat. “Anyway,” he turned back to me, “we should get going. Have a good day, Josiah.”

I nodded as they walked through the door.

“Looks like you’ve got admirers.”

I turned to the sultry voice to find a woman exiting Panera Bread. Surprised by the height on her, my eyes took in her full-length. Although she wore heels, I had the feeling they weren’t the reason her height had been boosted to almost eye level with me. Quickly, I held out my hand and introduced myself.

“Josiah Alexander Rose.”

She smiled. “Mmm, I know who you are, Josiah.”

I arched an inquisitive brow.

“Everyone knows who you are.”

“Comes with the territory, I suppose,” I said.

“Certainly,” she responded. “I’m Tara Clemmons.”

Tara pulled out a business card and offered it to me. Being approached by women wasn’t new to me. What was unfamiliar was the hesitation I felt upon taking Tara’s business card. A half a second passed when Santana’s face flashed through my mind. Awkwardly, I found myself comparing Tara to Santana. To be frank, there was no comparison.

The first time I laid eyes on Santana, I’d taken a flight from Chicago to Houston at my brother Julian’s request. At the time, there had been some break-ins in the neighborhood of a friend’s, and Julian wanted me to keep an eye on Santana while he was out of the country.

Santana’s look was innocent; like that of a sweet teacher’s assistant in her gray knee-length corduroy skirt. My eyes rode her, inch by inch, over the creme button blouse, lingering around the suspenders that stretched across her nipples. The longer I held that position, the harder they became as I could see them protruding through the thin fabric. By the time I made it to her neck my tongue had reflexed and slid across my lips.

The brown skin that covered Santana appeared smooth and flawless. Her top lip was slightly smaller than her bottom. A nose sleek with the perfect bridge brought me to her eyes. Damn those eyes.

Dark brown and fierce like that of a feline. Those beautiful orbs held a fire inside that connected with me almost instantly. Santana’s proximity had affected my senses, giving me vibes of devotion and zealous allegiance. She was a beauty like no other, the type to make you stay around for all time. It was a blessing and a curse. Blessing me because if I believed in fate, I would’ve thought I'd discovered what most people never found in a lifetime.

My other half, in an instant it could’ve been her. But the joy didn't last because the cursing of it all was, I didn’t believe. I was a man who created his own destiny, and the absurdity that one woman could rock my world was nonsensical. In fact, at present, I wasn’t interested in anyone or anything that remotely suggested it. So why was the soul-stirring emotion that I felt raging inside of me? I should've backed out and disappeared without a greeting. I could’ve told my brother I’d send someone in my place. But that fire in her eyes encouraged me to stay. Then she took a step forward and held out her hand.

"Hello, I'm Santana."

Her throaty voice pulled me closer as my hand connected with hers for a shake.

“Josiah,” I said.

“It’s nice to meet you, Josiah. That’s a lovely name you have there.”

My eyes followed the movement of her lips.

“And yours makes me want to pull out a guitar and sing a soft melody, but I’d be too afraid to scare you away.”

A smile rushed to her lips, and the laughter that seeped through tingled my ears and hardened my shaft. I smiled, and with the primal way I was feeling, I was positive it was a wolfish one. That night I took Santana out to dinner and asked her about the break-in. The details she gave made the fine hair against my skin stand up on edge. Somehow, I’d managed to spend an entire two weeks with Santana without coming close to her bed. And well, that’s just not my M. O. Now here I was standing in front of a beautiful woman with thoughts of Santana laying heavy on my mind.

I chuckled to myself and pulled my focus back to Tara.

“Thank you, Tara.” I inserted the business card into my suit jacket pocket. “You have a good day.”

My exit felt awkward, almost like a rejection. Giving Tara no idea of if or when I would call. Also, not like me. Maybe it was the flu that had me feeling strange. Regardless, sooner rather than later, I’d find out.





Chapter Four


Samantha Lean

Chicago Downtown Offices of Gemz Industries



“Where’s that disinfected spray?” I moaned, searching the cabinets where I always kept it. I leaned up on the tips of my toes and padded around the top shelf.

“A-ha!” I said, pulling the can down with a swipe of my hand. I carried it back to the mahogany boardroom table and sat it next to the box of Kleenex that was sitting out just for Josiah. I reclaimed my chair to look over notes I’d taken from the meeting with Christopher Lee Rose. The jury was still out on what I thought about his son because let’s face it, Josiah could be responsible one minute and careless the next. He was by far the biggest skirt chaser I’d ever known. At least Jonas and Jaden had slowed down and gotten married. I guess it was somewhat understandable. He was the youngest. Hopefully, the news I was about to deliver would rock his world, in a good way, but once again, you never knew with Josiah.

Working for Mr. Rose was an absolute pleasure. The man couldn’t be more easygoing. For the most part, Mr. Rose left all daily operations to me. I’d been a part of this company since his takeover. I was one of the employees who almost lost their job when the company filed for bankruptcy under its last owner. Demetris Standoff. Ugh. I shuddered thinking about Mr. Standoff. He believed he was the hottest thing smoking and could do no wrong. Reality hit hard when he found out his company was broke. Why? Because the last fool he had in charge was stealing money right from underneath his nose.

Thank God for Mr. Rose. I crossed my legs and bounced it slightly as I adjusted the glasses on my nose. My anticipation was boosted times three because I didn’t know what Josiah’s response to this particular news would be. The doors to the office opened and in he walked. The young man was handsome and always debonair in his approach. I admit sometimes I had to remind myself that this was my boss’s son, and I was old enough to be his grandmother.

Dressed impeccably in Stacy Adams, Josiah’s attractiveness was undeniable. He reached for his sharp blue tie and loosened it with a smile as he approached me, hand held out, with creases in his cuffs. His golden-brown eyes magnified his cocoa chocolate skin, but today they were puffy and pink.

I pushed my chair back and stood, leaning over my briefcase that sat open on the desk. I retrieved a small bottle of anti-bacterial gel and placed the tube in Josiah’s palm. Laughter escaped his smooth brown lips followed by a deep throaty cough. This time when I reached over the table, it was to retrieve the disinfectant spray.

I turned to him with it held high. “I’ll give you a chance to turn your face before I spray this.”

On that note, Josiah turned his back to me. I let out small showers of spray and waved my arms in the air to kill any lingering germs.

“Now that we have that under control, I guess I don’t have to ask how you’re doing today,” I said.

He finished applying the gel and handed it back to me.

“You can keep it,” I said.

“I guess I shouldn’t ask for a hug then,” he remarked.

“Unless you just want to hear me tell you no, I wouldn’t try it. I see you still have time to keep yourself groomed. Maybe you should work harder at keeping yourself well. Especially with greeting people daily.”

“You make it sound like I caught this virus on purpose.”

“No, but if I didn’t know any better, I would think you’re spreading it around on purpose.”

“And why would I do that?”

I smiled. “Because you’re out and about, instead of at home getting yourself well. Have a seat, Mr. Rose, so we can begin.”

“In response to that last comment, if I had someone to help me get well I’d be at home under their orders.”

“I’m sure you’re perfectly capable of taking care of yourself.”

“Mmm, don’t be so sure,” he said, taking a seat in front of me.

I picked up a remote and walked to the office blinds, closing them to darken the room. From there I moved to a TV that sat on a cart and pulled it to the middle.

“Oh, a presentation, this should be fun,” Josiah said with a look of amusement on his handsome face.

“Do you have something better to do because if so we could postpone this meeting and reconvene at a time most suitable for you?”

“Please proceed,” he said.

I curved my eyes at him and hit play on the remote. White snow covered the screen, then a blue screen, then the charismatic ambiance that was Christopher Lee Rose. I watched Josiah perk up. Christopher’s voice boomed through the surround sound in the room.

“Hello, son, thanks for taking the time to have a sit down with me. This shouldn’t take up too much of your day, and I hope this video finds you in good health.”

“Funny that he would say that,” Josiah said, pulling a Kleenex from the box on the table.

“It’s time for me to reveal the details behind your inheritance. You’re twenty-seven years old and getting no younger. As you know, I’ve been retired for some time now. So, I want you to take over the company. Gemz that is. All the business meetings, charity parties, and events I’ve dragged you to have been preparing you for this very moment. The details include complete ownership of all operations, an immediate inheritance of four million five hundred thousand if you accept and sign on the dotted line today. Once the agreement that Ms. Lean will hand to you is signed, the money will be transferred to your bank account. Arrangements for your takeover will begin and be complete by your 28th birthday. On that day, you will be the sole owner of Gemz and receive another inheritance of fifteen million dollars.”

I could see the wheels turning in Josiah’s head. I’m sure this was the last thing he expected to hear today.

“However,” his father continued to say, “there is a clause before taking full control of the company.”

“And there it is,” I heard Josiah whisper.

Christopher leaned into the television, getting closer to the screen. In habit, it made Josiah lean forward as well.

“Son,” his father spoke with a soft and gentle voice, “you know I want nothing but the best for you. To receive your full inheritance on your 28th, you’ll need to take life seriously. Settle down and find a wife you want to spend your life with. Now I know you’re a ladies’ man, but son, you’ve got to grow up and take some responsibility. It’s time for you to be with one woman and open your heart. You’ll be thirty before you know it, then forty, then in your fifties like your ol’ man. Time waits for no one. Are you man enough to step up to the plate? I guess I’ll find out. I hope so. See you soon.”

Josiah looked completely flabbergasted.

“What type of clause is that?” he questioned, dazed.

Josiah sat back in his chair. The sun rays filled the room as I readjusted the blinds. When I turned back to him, I could tell he was lost in thought. Probably wondering how he could get around the clause. I cleared my throat, bringing him out of his haze. Josiah glanced at me and the manila folder I was now holding. He reached for it, taking it out of my hands to run his eyes over the document. After realizing his father’s terms were listed there, Josiah reached for his tie again, completely removing it from around his neck.

I continued to study his demeanor. He didn’t look too excited about his inheritance at all. If it were me, I would jump at the opportunity if given the chance. Josiah stood suddenly.

“I need some fresh air,” he said.

“Wait.” I held up my hand. “What about the agreement, is it signed?” I looked down at the folder left open on the table.

“Yeah, I um,” his words trailed off.

I felt like I should say something but never liked to interfere in company business unless explicitly told. However, this was an opportunity of a lifetime, and I wanted to knock some sense into Josiah before he made the biggest mistake of his life.

“Listen, Josiah, I know this seems like a big deal, but it’s not. You can run the company. I’ve seen you in the field, and you were born to do this.”

“It’s not running the company that concerns me.”

“I know, you want to build your brand and you still can. Your father isn’t giving you a handout. It’s your rightful inheritance. All your brothers received one at some point, and they all went on to build their brands. Don’t look at it as a handout. Look at your inheritance as sponsorship money for your startup. Even when someone helps you start, it doesn’t seal the deal on the growth of the company. You have to put in the work, and it’s still your baby. So, take my advice, don’t leave here today without signing the contract.”

“You’re right, and I’m acutely aware of everything you just said, but,” he said, “I don’t like being forced into any situation. Who says I want a wife?”

“Don’t you? Everyone wants that one person to call their own at some point.”

“Yeah, I haven’t reached that point yet.”

I sighed. “Well maybe by the time your next birthday rolls around, you will have. You never know. The least you can do is sign the contract and get your first deposit. If you don’t have a change of heart by the time you turn twenty-eight, then you’ve lost nothing. Your father won’t take back the four million five hundred. You just won’t get the full inheritance, and you don’t have it now, so you won’t be missing anything.”

Josiah chuckled. “Has anyone ever told you, you should be a lawyer, Ms. Lean?”

I smiled. “I actually have a law degree, it just wasn’t what I was looking for in the long run.”

He chuckled again. “Of course.”

I watched him think some more on it before lifting his tie from the table.

“Josiah?”

“Give me until the end of the day.”

And with that, he was gone.





Chapter Five


Santana





What a long drawn out day. From the moment I rose from bed groggy and ruffled, I should’ve known I’d feel like knocking out as soon as I got home. Which I did. But seeing Desiree’s Audi parked in front of the mailbox, I knew knocking out wouldn’t be on the agenda. I pulled into the driveway and parked, climbing out of my Volkswagen Beetle. Staring at me through the glass pane of her front window Desiree cut her eyes at me. I sighed and quickly made my way up the walkway to the front porch.

I wrestled with my keys, trying unsuccessfully to unlock the door. With the sun’s rays attacking my back, I adjusted the Christian Dior shades on my face and hurriedly fumbled for the correct key. A car door behind me slammed when I’d finally jiggled the keys inside and turned the lock.

“So, you think you’re just going to run past me and get away with it?” Desiree said, making it to the door.

“I’m just trying to get out of this heat,” I replied, opening the door wider to allow her entrance behind me.

She strutted inside and hung her purse on a nearby rack. I trotted to the kitchen and Desiree followed closely.

“Start talking,” she said.

I pulled out a bottle of Moscato and poured two glasses.

“What kind of Moscato is this?” Desiree asked.

“Does it matter? They’re all pretty good.”

“That’s true.” Desiree folded her arms. “Now spill it.”

“What?”

“You know what,” she said, “I’ve got all day. Julian is in California. I could even spend the night if I wanted to. So, keep acting like you don’t know what I’m talking about, and I’ll bug you for the rest of the night.”

She put the glass to her lips and took a big swig, then made a show of getting comfortable in her seat. I rolled my eyes and smirked.

“What is it that you would like to know, Desiree?”

“Like you don’t know,” Desiree replied. “Where the hell did you disappear to the last two days in Jamaica!? You’ve been able to dodge me because of my honeymoon, but…”

“You have to tell me all about that,” I said.

“Santana!”

“Okay, okay.” I cracked a smile. “It’s no big deal.” I shrugged. “Josiah asked me if I’d take a ride with him. And I acquiesced.”

My smirk was turning into a full-blown smile. Desiree smiled in return, and her mouth dropped. “And where did you go? Come on, spill it!”

I guffawed. It was interesting being on this end of the microscope. When Desiree and Julian dated, I was all in her business, trying to get details. Now here we’d come full circle.

“Giiirrrllll,” I said, dragging out the word, “Josiah is so fine.” I kissed the tips of my fingers one by one. “Everything about him is hot, right down to the blood beneath his skin.”

Desiree’s gaping mouth widened. “You had sex with him?” she yelled.

“I didn’t say all that.” I put a hand on my hip and sipped my wine. “But we got dangerously close.”

Desiree squealed and threw her head back. “Oh my God. I did not see this coming, but I should have.”

I frowned. “I didn’t see it coming either, but why should you have?”

“Girl, the way that man looked at you when he came down to Houston was telling enough. I thought you would end up his meal.”

I laughed. “Yeah, I believe he was kinda hungry.” We were both tickled at that comment.

“So, what did y’all do?”

“We had fun. Josiah took me to Ocho Rios, where we had a private tour at Blue Hole and Secret Falls. It was amazing. If I had it my way, I would set up shop in Jamaica and it would become my permanent home.”

Desiree twisted her lips. “Yeah until hurricane season then you’d be at the airport with bags on your shoulders.”

I laughed and took another sip of my wine. “You may be right, sista.”

“I know I’m right,” she remarked. “So, what’s going on with you guys?”

I dropped my smile. “Girl, we are just having fun. He’s too young for me to consider anything else. But I will enjoy my time with him.” I wiggled my eyebrows, and Desiree shook her head.

“Are you sure that’s all?”

“Oh yeah. It’s all good. We don’t have to be getting married like someone I know.”

A growing smile pulled on her lips. Desiree took another swig of her wine. “It’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me. I don’t regret it for a second.”

I nodded slowly. “I’m happy for you two. I can’t believe you guys are married. The wedding was spectacular, and you didn’t seem to have any problems like most brides do on their special day. Except that your maid of honor was late.”

Desiree cut her eyes at me, then offered a rueful smile.

“Let me tell you. We had a wedding planner sent from the heaven’s above. She asked me a list of questions to which I answered, and she took care of everything. Claudia gave her some ideas, and we kept it right on moving. I’m no bridezilla. I just want the man. He’s all that matters.”

A shiver ran through me, and I imagined being in love the way Desiree was. Josiah’s handsome face flashed through my mind, and that cold shiver turned into a warm one. I sighed dreamily.

“I would be lying if I didn’t say I’m jealous.”

Desiree laughed. “You’ve said that already, but you’re not.”

“Am too.” I smirked and down the rest of my Moscato.

“I’ll tell you what. You keep on having ‘fun’ as you put it with Josiah, and it’ll be you next.”

I shook my head. “I highly doubt that.”

“How can you be so sure?”

“Josiah’s like what, twenty-six, twenty-seven?”

“And?”

“You know men don’t grow up until their fifty, and then still some of them ain’t right.”

At the twisted look on Desiree’s face, I retracted.

“I mean, that doesn’t include Julian and Jaden of course.” I smiled warmly, and her lips thinned as she peered at me.

“That’s what you better mean.”

I chuckled.

“I don’t know, Santana. The Rose brothers seem to be into us. You might just get your happily ever after.”

“I’ll tell you this, if I do, I will welcome it with open arms. But if not, and, I won’t hold my breath. But, if not, I’ll have fun with Josiah for the time being. I’m a big girl. I know what I’m getting myself into with him.”

“Mmhmm, that’s what I thought,” Desiree mumbled, taking another sip of her glass.

“Say what?” I asked.

Before she could respond, the doorbell rang, and we both turned toward the sound.

“Expecting company?” she said.

“No.”

I sat my glass down and strolled to the door to check the peephole.

Opening it, I spoke, “Hey Carla, what are you doing here?” I frowned.

“Can I come in?”

“Yeah, yeah sure.”

Carla glided through the door, seeming a little frazzled, and I shut the door on the heatwaves.

“So, tell me what’s going on, Ms. Carla,” I said, walking back to the kitchen. “I hope you don’t mind, Desiree’s here.”

“It’s not a problem, I just need someone to talk to, and you were the first person that came to mind.”

“Okay, tell me what’s going on,” I said, reentering the kitchen.

Desiree brightened as Carla strolled in behind me.

“Hey girl,” Desiree greeted.

“Hey.” Carla’s eyes went to Desiree’s glass. “Please tell me you’ve got another one,” Carla whined.

“Sure,” I said, “I can get you a glass.” I moved around the kitchen, fetching Carla a wine glass.

“I quit my job today,” she said.

I stopped moving and turned to her. Leaning against the counter, I asked, “What happened?”

“Remember when I told you about Robert feeling me up in the breakroom?”

“Yeah.”

“Well, this time he grabbed me and pushed me on the countertop. He got like Incredible Hulk strength out of nowhere. It completely freaked me out. I went straight to human resources about it and filed a sexual harassment complaint.”

“As you should’ve done the first time,” I said. “But good for you going this time.” I huffed, annoyed that she’d let Robert get away with his shenanigans before.

Desiree choked on her wine. “Oh my God, what kind of work environment are you in?” She looked at me. “You’re not getting harassed, too, are you?”

I gave her a pensive stare. “He’s tried it, but I put Roger in his place quick. Ever since then, I catch him staring occasionally, but he never says anything.”

“Lord have mercy. You have to find another job asap. You can’t work in an unhealthy atmosphere like that. Did you report him?”

“No.” At Desiree’s exasperated look, I offered, “He didn’t touch me, just invaded my personal space and gave me this look that I suppose was meant to make me swoon, but instead it made me gag.”

“Ew,” Desiree said. “Yes, you have to leave.”

“I would, but I don’t exactly have any other job opportunities.”

“That’s all right. We’ll find you something soon enough.”

“We?”

“Yes, I’m on your side.” Desiree turned to Carla. “I’m on your side, too. We’re going to find you both new jobs this week!”

“I like your enthusiasm,” I said. “Now, we’ll see if you’re still singing that same tune after Julian returns from Cali.”

I took my attention back to Carla.

“If you told HR, then why’d you quit?”

“They were told by him that I was going through some things at home and had been taking drugs, that’s why I’m making false accusations. So now they’ve opened an investigation into it.”

“Oh no he didn’t,” I said.

“Yes, girl.” Carla took a swig of her wine. “So, they drug tested both of us today, but the results don’t come back for a week.”

“But you still haven’t explained why you quit.”

“’Cause, girl, I’m not passing that drug test.”

Carla looked at me knowingly and started to twist her natural hair. Recently, she’d done the ‘big chop’ cutting her hair down to her roots, to grow it naturally without the use of chemicals. Carla’s adjustment to her natural hair wasn’t coming easy. She didn’t like looking like a cute little boy it wasn’t her style, but she had kept an open mind and now it sat against the back of her shoulders. I thought it was cute and pretty sassy.

I sighed. “You been smoking weed again, haven’t you?”

“Don’t judge me,” Carla said, sitting down on a bar stool next to Desiree at the kitchen island. She crossed her legs.

“So, you just left or what?”

“After the test, I took the rest of the day off. But I’m not going back. What’s the point? Roger wins. I lose. End of story.”

“Oh no, you didn’t officially quit, that scumbag needs to be fought.”

“I’m not going back, so yes,” Carla reiterated, “I did quit.”

We all sighed and quieted down before Desiree spoke up. “You’re going to need a clean system to get a job anywhere that I’m taking you. When was the last time you smoked?”

Carla dropped her head. “Before last night, two weeks ago.”

I shook my head and poured her more wine. “You should drink extra,” I offered. If I were you, I would go to work every day until they put me out. I’m talking about security would have to walk me to the door. They’d still have to pay me for the work I did.”

Carla and Desiree burst into laughter.

“Why do I believe you?” Carla asked.

“Because even though we’ve only been acquainted for a little while, you know enough about me.” I stifled my laugher and looked sincerely at Carla. “Will you need somewhere to stay since you don’t have a job now?”

“While my rent is still paid and my lights and water are still on, I’ll be fine at home,” Carla replied, “but I could use some company tonight.”

“We can make it a girls’ night!” Desiree chirped. “Besides, we’ve got more to discuss anyway.” Desiree turned to me with a snide smile. “Santana’s going to tell us all about the last two days she spent in Jamaica with Josiah.”

Carla’s head snapped to me. “Ooooh, you’ve been holding out.”

I sighed heavily. “I yie yie.” I moaned. I was certain I’d be drilled for the remainder of the evening.





Chapter Six





Ten in the morning. That’s what time I made it in to work—three hours late. So not like me.

I found every excuse to stay in bed a little while longer. I knew what the real deal was. I didn’t want to see Robert. All the teachers knew Carla and I were friends, so I did expect someone to ask about her. But I wasn’t prepared for what did happened. There were no sentiments of empathy for Carla. When I walked into the teacher’s lounge, curious eyes turned to me.

Throughout the day, people would stop and stare but not ask or say anything. It became high school all over again. Dreaded by that, I decided I also had enough. If Robert could assault Carla and try me, surely, he’d tried others. So why was he even allowed stay on staff?

I marched right to the principal’s office and demanded a meeting with Ralph McDonald. I didn’t know if he was taking up for Robert because of his male genitalia or if Robert had dirt on Principal McDonald. Either way, by the time I finished saying what I had to, which I had to admit included a sister girl neck roll and hand on hip, I was not taking any shit attitude.

I told Principal McDonald he either got rid of Robert, or Carla and I were putting in our resignations. For a second, I thought he would let me walk out the door without a care. But then he stopped me once I’d gotten to the exit.

“Ms. Summers, please don’t leave.”

He caught my attention so far. I turned back to him and fought crossing my arms and giving him an angry black woman stand.

“I can’t just let him go. An investigation is underway. Once it’s completed, at that time, I can make a decision. But I implore you and Ms. Summers to stay. If you need to take a little time off, I’d be happy to approve a paid vacation request.”

He smiled, but I didn’t trust him. I put in my request, which had taken all of ten minutes, and then I left.

What else was so not like me? Standing in the grocery store in the middle of the day. Inside my car, I’d written a list, but I couldn’t remember where I put it. My phone chimed as I pushed the cart through the vegetable aisle. Shoving my hand inside my purse, I rummaged around until I had what felt like my smartphone in my clutches. I pulled it out and checked the screen.

Hey, you.

Josiah. I tugged the corner of my lip with my teeth and hit reply.

Hey.

He response came quickly.

Are you busy?

For some reason, I was edgy. I glanced around the store then back to my screen.

Grocery shopping. How are you?

A minute passed.

I’ve been better. It seems I caught a cold. It’s been pretty mean. Wish I had someone to take care of me.

A sudden warmth passed through me. Then another text came through.

You’ve been on my mind lately, Santana.

I closed my eyes briefly and imagined his deep, smooth voice calling out my name. My cart bumped into a bin of open tomatoes, and they toppled to the floor in dramatic fashion one after the other.

“Shit.”

I dropped my cell in my handbag and went to retrieve the fallen fruit. I tried collecting them three at a time, but fumbled and lost them again.

“Don’t worry about it, ma’am, I’ll pick it up,” a friendly associate intervened.

“Thank you so much. I should’ve paid closer attention.”

The clerk looked at me. “It happens to us all sometimes. I’ll take care of it, you go right along and enjoy the rest of your shopping.”

I sighed. “Thank you.” I handed him the only two tomatoes I’d managed to retrieve.

It had been a week since our return from Jamaica, and I hadn’t heard from Josiah at all. I assumed I probably wouldn’t hear from him again, and even though I put up a good front with Desiree the day before, the truth was, I had my fingers crossed. Being with Josiah for those two days was blissful. I imagined it’s what Desiree, Claudia, and Samiyah felt on a regular basis. Granted their bliss was on a whole other level, but still. I thought back to his brown sugar lips and smooth skin. At my cart, I reached to retrieve my cell and went back to the text he’d sent then hit reply.

I’ve thought about you also, Josiah. If you’d like, I can bring you a few things that may help bust that cold.

I sucked my lips in and waited for a response as my eyes darted across the supermarket once again. After a few minutes, I pushed forward, deciding that I needed to get this over with. As I moseyed along the aisle, I grabbed items I’d run out of like milk, cheese, and eggs. It wasn’t until after I’d grabbed the package of noodles did I realize I picked a few things for some homemade chicken noodle soup. I like to think of myself as fearless. I couldn’t be shaken by much, and because of that, I led my life on the wild side sometimes. I guess that’s why I made the best damn investigative reporter. However, I had to admit when it came to Josiah, there was a bit of fear there. I tried to shake my crazy mood and forged on to the checkout line.

Since I only had a few items, I took them through the self-checkout and pushed my cart back with the others. As I got in my car, a fast melody played, and I recognized it instantly as my default ringtone. I reached in my purse and accepted the call immediately.

“I would love for you to come by,” Josiah’s smooth voice said. “How soon can you get here?”

“I’m on my way home now. I’ll make some soup and bring it over.”

“Or you can just come now and make the soup over here,” he suggested. “I would’ve called sooner, but I was in the sauna.”

I swallowed thickly. “What’s your address?”

“Seven forty-one Park Place.”

“I’ll see you in about thirty minutes.”

“See you then,” he said.

I ended the call and tried to discern the ruckus my heartbeat was kicking up. Moments later, I’d realized I was still sitting in the parking lot of the grocery store with thoughts of wet heat glistening on Josiah from a hot sauna.

“Jesus,” I whispered then backed out of the lot and pulled onto the street. As I drove, my thoughts went back to Jamaica. After the wedding, Josiah and I had found our way back in Ocho Rios.

“What are we doing back here?” I asked.

“We didn’t get to do everything I had planned.”

“Planned?”

He smiled. “Yeah…”

I let him lead the way, and we ended up having the time of our lives. I’d never rode a tube down a waterfall before until that day. I squealed as the tube flew down the river, over a waterfall into a bank of water. It was like nothing I’d ever done. I felt like a kid in a candy store. Needless to say, we rode those tubs a couple of times before moving on to Dolphin Cove. The beautiful sea creatures loved to perform and were so friendly. Watching the fish play and sing was delightful in so many ways. It’s something you would truly have to experience. We practically spent the day sightseeing and carrying on as a couple would.

And I wondered why Josiah was doing all of this with me. But he quickly answered that question in conversation saying how he’d wanted to get back to those exact destinations since he’d visited when he was a kid. There was a brief disappointment that slid over me, but I was good being the friend he wanted to revisit with. I really liked Josiah, and I was hoping we could have a friendship that would last for all time. I cleared my throat and settled my thoughts on how great this new friendship was. But I didn’t ignore the inside voice that begged to differ. No matter how much I wanted to turn it off.

“Don’t even get yourself worked up, Santana. You’re not in this friendship for anything more than that.” As I talked to myself, I drove across town to Josiah’s condo following the GPS. “We will never be anything more than that. It’s just Desiree’s and Claudia’s weddings that have you thinking all swoonish. Get over it. Now is not the time to go off into la-la land thinking about what ifs. Stranger things have happened.”

I pulled in front of the high-rise and allowed the valet to park my vehicle. I continued to talk to myself as I sent a text to Josiah’s phone.

I’m downstairs. What’s your apartment number?

I hit the elevator button, and it dinged, allowing me entrance.

Seven forty-one.

“Duh,” I said to myself. He told me that on the phone. “If you get your head out of the clouds, maybe you could focus.” The compact car rose to the seventh floor without stopping and opened upon resting. “Besides,” I continued, “girl he is too young and probably still wet behind the ears. Look at him as an adolescent.” I hit his doorbell and exhaled, absentmindedly taking my fingers through my hair and rearranging my clothes.

The door swung open, and my eyes traveled over Josiah, shirtless with a towel barely hanging onto his chiseled waistline. His legs revealed thin hair that tapered off at his ankles. His pedicured feet were three times the size of mine, and his full body was drenched in steam. A splinter of heat drove through my body. If I were to stick to my guns and imagine him as an adolescent, I was officially a pervert. I took in a deep breath and smiled.

“I apologize for my nakedness,” his voice thundered. “After I hung up with you, I took a quick shower. Come on in.”

He opened the door wider, but my feet wouldn’t move. This was probably a mistake, but hey, I live my life on the edge. So, with a warning alarm officially triggered, I took a step inside.





Chapter Seven


Josiah



I waited as long as I could to call her. Santana had been on my mind from the second I dropped her off at home a week ago. Trying to dismiss constant thoughts of her was trivial. We’d had such a great time in Montego Bay that my mind repeatedly traveled back to her. Even if Santana and I had never sailed down the river on tubes, or gone to check out the dolphins, I’d already met her, and she could never be just a thought in the wind. I texted Santana with the understanding that I just wanted to have a friendly chat with her. Now when it came to women, I wasn’t usually looking for friendship. But with her, just being near Santana’s beautiful, spirited presence gave me a fullness I could never gain from a nutritional meal.

Back in Jamaica, there were ample opportunities for us to indulge in one another sexually. My lips had found almost every part of Santana while her killer two-piece bikini draped her frame, and even though I felt no hesitation on her part on whether to proceed or not, I didn’t. It was the one thing I couldn’t figure out. Why had I stopped when no walls or barriers permitted me from moving forward? This I planned to resolve as I was not one to stay confounded about anything.

“Come on in,” I said.

After some hesitation, Santana sashayed through my door wearing a thin summer dress that was tightened around her small waist with a flimsy belt. Instantly I undressed her with my eyes as my mind traveled to what I knew was a sexy shapely figure that I could eat a four-course meal off of. My thoughts taunted me as my gaze touched her smooth brown thighs, long legs, curvy bottom, and hard nipples.

I grabbed the bags out of her hand.

“Do you mind if I take off my shoes?” she asked.

I glanced down to her perfectly pedicured feet and was assaulted by an image of tasting her toes. “Of course. Get as comfortable as you like,” I said.

It was my treat to watch her slip the wedge heels off her feet and reach for me for stability as she maneuvered. It gave me visions of when we laid together in the hammock back at the blue hole. My eyes burned a hole straight through her bare skin. I was ogling, and it was apparent.

Santana shifted her weight, squirming just a bit under my unwavering scrutiny.

“Kitchen,” she said.

My eyes found dark brown irises, then dropped to her lush lips.

“This way,” I said, pulling my sight away to lead her into the kitchen.

“Nice tush,” she said, reaching out to pinch my ass.

I rounded on her and sat the bag down on the counter. “Now you know, I get to grab you back for that.” Without giving her a chance to object, I circled my arms around her waist and grabbed her full ass with a tight squeeze, pulling her against my pelvis. The hardest part of me was now pressed firmly between her legs, and a soft moan crept from her lips.

It set me on fire, and as if she was mine to have, I tasted her mouth, prying it open with my tongue. Santana let me enter, and I hungrily feasted on her lips.

“So soft,” I growled, “so hot, so wet.”

Santana moaned again, her fingers now trailing up my bare chest and neck as she ground her hips into me. I shivered under her heated touch and almost came from the friction of our dance. The phone rang, but the fog we were in consumed me, and I found myself not giving a damn. When it stopped, I breathed a sigh of relief, and we continued to find satisfaction in the warm tango of our mouths. Seconds later, the ringing started up again. I was dead set on ignoring it as my tongue trailed down Santana’s throat, sucking her warm skin along the way.

More subtle moans escaped her, and I knew at any moment I would take her right there in the kitchen, hard against the counter. The phone stopped and restarted just as I moved to sit her on the countertop.

“You should answer your phone,” Santana panted. “Whoever it is has called three times. Could be an emergency.”

I pulled away from her neck slowly, feeling like a savage whose meal had been interrupted. I stared at Santana, knowing my glower held fire as I considered what she’d said. I tried not to show my frustration when I gently scooped her off the counter and helped her to her feet. Without a word, I strutted to the wall phone and hit speaker.

“Yes,” I barked.

“Man, I’ve called your cell phone three times. Why are you not answering? Boy, you missed it last night, me and Kevin had two sets of twins at the house. Two sets! We had one for you, but you wouldn’t answer the phone. I know you want to know the details. Where were you?”

I glanced back at Santana. She held a smirk on her face as she moved around the kitchen to prepare the soup she’d brought over.

“Desmond, let me call you back.”

“Nah, man, it’s taken me forever to get you on the phone. You have to listen to every detail.”

I snatched the phone off its cradle and pressed it to my ear.

“Now’s not the time,” I said.

“Oh, don’t stop on my account,” Santana said.

“I’ll call you back.”

“J, if you hang up this phone, I’ll come over there with my story. I’ve been dying to tell you all night, just listen!”

I closed my eyes and rubbed my temples. Desmond was one of my homeboys, and as much as he was getting on my nerves at the moment, I knew he would show up at my door. And I’d hate to kick his ass.

“Make it quick,” I said, glancing at Santana once more. She sat a pot on the stove and strolled over to me and stuck her finger out to hit the speaker button once again. Desmond’s voice came through loud and clear.

“Me and Kevin went to The Dream Lounge, the new spot that opened on Crenshaw and Sutton. After midnight, it was wide open. With it being a twenty-five and older club, it brought the sophisticated freaks out. BOYYY! You just don’t know. It didn’t take us long to spot Kayla, Kennedy, and Shameka and Tanisha getting out of a Dodge Durango. I watched them walk in and go straight to the dance floor looking like superstars. I hit Kevin, and when his gaze followed mine, he started to approach them. I said naw man all the dudes in the club were trying to get at them or panting in the background.”

“Like I’m sure you all were,” I said, keeping my eyes on Santana. As Desmond talked, I watched her. Every curve.

Desmond laughed. “Yeah but the difference was they couldn’t see us from all the other guys in the club, so you know me, I started formulating a plan.”

“You should really call me back,” I reiterated.

“Just listen, I’m almost done. I went outside to the parking garage while no one was looking and siphoned the gas out of the Durango. So, when those pretty little ladies got to their car, it wouldn’t start.”

Santana turned to me astonished, her mouth hanging open. I shut my eyes and shook my head slowly. I had never been embarrassed by something my friends had done before. But they say there’s a first time for everything.

“I know what you’re thinking,” Desmond went on to say. “Sounds a little farfetched, but if not this, then we would’ve been just like the guys in the club, and they wouldn’t have given us the time of day.”

“A little farfetched?” I said. “Honestly, Desmond, I didn’t know you had it in you.”

“Me either but you should’ve seen them, they were thick, with the small waist, big butts, breast just about bursting out of their outfits, long hair, skin creamy and glowing and everythang! It was a long shot, but it worked! When I cut the corner with my gas can, they were thrilled to let us be of assistance and begging for a third friend who shall remain nameless because he was nowhere to be found.”

I sucked my teeth. “While you were out getting your siphon on, I was in bed trying to fight off the flu.”

“Never mind that, I got her number for you, dog. We didn’t ruin her too much, but we did play with her a little bit.”

“Ewww,” Santana finally said.

Desmond let out a howl. He was very amused with himself. “If you want, I can call them up and get them to come over this weekend. Do you think you’ll be ready then, playa?”

I hung up the phone. Something I should’ve done from the beginning. I figured if Desmond came over, kicking his ass was better than what he would possibly say next.

“I apologize for him.”

Santana stood with her mouth still agape. I could tell her thoughts were flying a million miles a second.

“Is that how you get down, Josiah?”

I frowned and gritted my teeth. “What do you think, Santana?”

I folded my arms and leaned on the counter as we stared each other down from across the kitchen.

Santana shrugged as her eyelashes fluttered. “I’m not sure what to think. From what I do know of you, you’ve been nothing but a sweetheart. A lady killer nonetheless but a sweetheart.”

“A lady killer?” I asked, smirking.

“You know you’re a lady killer. But I have to wonder if you’re anything like the company you keep.”

I moved away from the counter and strolled to her, turning Santana in my arms to nuzzle my nose behind her ear.

“I would never do something so vile. Hopefully, the more you get to know me, you won’t have to question my character this way again.”

I felt her melt in my embrace, and I tightened my squeeze, laying a kiss against her temple.

“I need a knife,” she said, and I bristled. A giggle fled from her. “To cut up my onions for the soup.”

That made me relax a bit. “Watch what you’re doing with that blade, girl,” I said, opening a drawer to reveal a set of butcher knives.

My phone rang again, and I groaned.

“Put it on speaker,” Santana said.

I gave her an incredulous look.

“What?” She shrugged. “You got something to hide?”

I groaned and blew out a breath but obeyed her.

“Yes,” I answered.

“This is Samantha Lean, your father’s assistant. I thought I would have to hunt you down for a minute, Josiah.”

“You only have to track people when they owe you something, and I don’t owe you anything. What can I do for you, Ms. Lean?”

“Why must you be so cruel? I thought you would take this news better than you are. What’s the problem, Josiah? Talk to me about it?”

“Cruel? I don’t think I’m cruel at all, Ms. Lean.”

“Then talk to me please.”

“Are you my counselor now?”

“I can be.”

I hung my head and peeked over at Santana who was chopping onions, bell peppers, and carrots on a cutting board.

“Can we talk about this some other time?”

“Josiah, I’ve been trying to reach you since you left my office yesterday. I’m supposed to cancel a transfer of funds to your bank account if you don’t sign this agreement. I’m literally disobeying a direct order from my boss in the hopes that you’ll come to your senses and sign. And now you want to call me back?”

Ms. Lean blew out an angry breath, and this time when I glanced over at Santana, she was tuned into our conversation with a questionable look on her sweet face.

“Ms. Lean, I don’t mean to give you a hard time.”

“Could’ve fooled me,” Ms. Lean uttered.

“I know it seems I’m a bit thick-headed, but I don’t play these types of games, and I don’t understand how my father can. He’s pressuring me into marriage to get my inheritance. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t care. He can keep it. I’ve always had the desire to build my own empire from the ground up anyway. It’s just the way he put it out there. As a proud son, I would’ve been pleased to take over for my pops, but I’m not with his asinine plan.”

“You have a meeting with your father and a potential partner today at 3 p.m.,” Samantha said with a sigh.

“What do you mean potential partner?”

“You didn’t know? Oh, I guess you ran out on me so quick I didn’t get the chance to tell you. Your father has started interviewing potential successors to take over his business in the event that you can’t be man enough to grow up and take over yourself. Your father’s words, not mine. However, if you do take over the business, you might have a partner.”

Surprised, a low guttural chuckle balked from me.

“So, let me get this straight. My father has arranged a meeting for me to meet the person who would take my spot if I didn’t conform to his outrageous demands?”

“Yes,” she said simply. “Should I count you in or out?”

“You know what, I would love to be there,” I said.

“Okay, I’ll let your father know you will be prompt. And Josiah, be on your best behavior.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

I dropped the phone back in the cradle and stared at it for a second. “I should’ve never answered the phone,” I murmured.

A warm hand cruised up against my back, and I shivered under Santana’s touch.

“Josiah, I know it’s none of my business, but from that conversation, it sounds like you have an excellent opportunity to run your dad’s company. But I don’t understand what it has to do with you being married.”

I turned to her, and she held a bowl of hot soup on top of a cool plate.

“This is for you,” she said.

I didn’t need to lean my nose into the steam that rose from it to smell the spicy scent that drifted from the ceramic bowl.

“Thank you, Santana.”

“You’re welcome.”

I took the dish off her hands and sat it down on the counter next to me then pulled her arms around my waist. With my face looking down into her beautiful eyes, I spoke.

“I love my father. He’s been the backbone of our family since my mother’s passing.”

“Josiah, I’m so sorry.”

I kissed her lips. “Don’t be. I was so young when it happened I don’t remember her. I only have pictures and the stories from my father and brothers. I’m telling you this because I want you to know why I feel the way I do about my father’s ridiculous demands.”

Santana’s brows bunched, but she didn’t respond, opting to listen instead.

“My father owns a chewing gum company, Gemz.” Her eyes widened; by now I was sure just the mention of the business name was enough for anyone to recognize it because of its popularity. “He wants me to run the business. He had a contract drawn up for me to sign. I would get four million direct transfer when I did. And next year on my twenty-eighth birthday, I’d get fifteen million plus become the company’s CEO with all rights transferred over to me.”

Santana’s eyes widened. “That’s incredible,” she said.

“Except that he wants me to find a wife. And if I don’t he’s interviewing someone to take that spot. Never has my father handed his company over to anyone outside of the family. Long story short, he’s trying to strong-arm me into getting married. I can’t figure out why. He has three sons who just married within two years.”

“Maybe he just wants you to show some responsibility. Maybe it’s not about you being married at all,” Santana said.

“You don’t think I’m responsible?”

“I don’t mean it that way. He wants to know you’re stable enough to run a company. It’s a responsibility like a marriage of sorts. Maybe it’s not about you getting married but actually considering marriage.”

I stared at her lovely mouth, letting her words sink inside me.

“You’re brilliant,” I said.

She smiled. Warm and beautiful. Santana took a step back and dipped into a curtesy then serenaded me with the sexiest laugh I had ever heard. My ears tingled, and a stroke of heat coated me.

“So, all you need to do is call Ms. Lean back and tell her you’ll sign the contract.”

“Mmm,” I said, pulling my eyes away from her lips. “What happens when my father wants to meet the woman that may be my potential wife?”

Her wide eyes dimmed a bit, and she straightened her posture. “Well, you’ll give him one. You have plenty of women to choose from. I’m sure any of them would be happy pretending to be your potential wife no matter how long. Just call Desmond back. He has two sets of twins.”

I squinted at her and cocked my head to the side. Santana shifted her weight and tugged at her dress.

“I don’t want what Desmond’s offering. But since you came up with the idea, it’s only right if you helped me execute it.”

She laughed again. A deep throaty laugh. “Sure.” She shrugged. “I enjoy your company. I could stand being around you for a while.”

I couldn’t say that I was shocked Santana agreed. I loved the wild side about her. It’s why I couldn’t help but seek her out when we were in Montego Bay. I took a step then another toward her and crossed my hands behind my back.

“You can stand to be around for a while, Santana?”

My arms fell, and I locked her between the counter and myself, placing each hand on either side of her. She leaned into the counter and propped her elbows back to rest on top.

“That’s what I said,” she replied.

“And you enjoy being in my company?”

The heat coming from her skin coupled with mine held us in a warm cocoon. Santana stared up at me, and I looked down at her, seconds away from her sweet lips.

“My family is very popular. We’ll be seen in the newspaper and on TV from time to time. Are you okay with that?”

She swallowed. “Yeah, I’m fine with it. It’s cool.”

Santana kept her composure, but I could see the angst building. “So, you’re okay with being my fake wife, then?”

“Fiancé,” she corrected, “totally fine with that. It will be fun.” She smiled up at me.

“What if we have to take it all the way? Are you going to help me see this thing through?” She was flustered. I could see Santana fighting with reason.

“If it comes down to that, and the company is important enough to you, then we’ll finish it.”

I stared at her, amazed, and I looked forward to hearing her say I do. Her acceptance revved my engine, and my eyes fell back to her lips.

“You know that means we’ll have to show public displays of affection.” Santana shivered. “Sometimes I’ll have to kiss you like this…” My lips pushed against hers, and I opened my mouth, letting my tongue trace the curves of hers. A long slow dragging moan escaped her. My arms circled her waist, and her hands held a firm grip on my neck as she pulled me into her.

Santana’s hunger fed mine, and I ate her up. Kissing down her neck, I lifted Santana with ease and set her on the counter, removing her leggings in one snatch. She yelped, and for a moment I thought I saw fear, making me halt my progress.

It disappeared quickly and was replaced by want.

“Don’t be afraid of me, Santana,” I said, letting it be known that the expression had not escaped me. “I won’t do anything to hurt you.”

I pulled her legs over my shoulder, and she leaned back on her elbows. Diving into her center sent me straight to heaven. Her lips were wet and sweet, like ripe strawberries blended in whip cream. My tongue explored her deep within, and I felt her rock against my face.

“Josiah…” she purred, making me suck her in whole. “Oh my God,” she sang.

My mouth moved to her clitoris, and she bucked and moaned.

“Oh!” She squealed. “If you keep that up, I’m going to come!”

Her thighs quaked, and I held them steady in place as I applied pressure over her sensitive flesh. She screamed, and I stabbed her clitoris with my tongue, sucking and drinking her unabridged. Her moans turned into mumbles, but I wouldn’t let up, only delved deeper into her wet sanctuary.

“Oh my God!” She screamed again. “Josiah!”

Santana held my head, and I devoured her as if she was the dinner I never had. Her body jerked as an angry orgasm ripped through her, and I lapped her sweet crème with a guttural growl.

“So sweet,” I whispered, continuing to lap at her folds. “So sweet,” I repeated, enamored in a meal that satisfied my hunger like a thirst for water. Once I’d licked her dry, I kissed between her thighs heavily, worshiping her temple. My kisses landed on her navel, and I pulled her dress up to kiss on the undertones of her breasts. Again, her body trembled.

“Thank you, Santana.”

She lifted her head, still trying desperately to catch her breath.

“For what?”

“For being as brilliant as you are. For being my wife.” Her eyes lurched. “Pretending at least,” I corrected. “You didn’t have to come up with that, but since you have, the meeting with my father tonight would be a good time to introduce you two.”

I leaned over her and kissed her shoulders.

“That’s fine.” Her voice shook. “I just need to go home and change into something nice.”

“We’ll probably need to spend a lot of time together. You know,” I said, “learning each other’s likes and dislikes. This will be a daily test. My father will be watching from afar. Are you sure you can handle this?”

Resolute, she said, “I can. What about you?”

I frowned. “What do you mean?”

Santana sat up, causing me to stand upon her adjustment.

“You can’t date other people. You can’t be caught flirting or entertaining other women. You have to behave like we’re exclusive. Can you do that, Josiah?”

“You don’t think I can?”

“I’m not sure, but this is your thing, so if you want to pull this off, you’ve got to put it to the test.”

I smiled. “Santana, I’ve been single all my life because I want to be. Not because I can’t be exclusive.”

Santana smirked, and her lashes lowered. “Really, because I don’t take too kindly of my future fake husband flirting with other bimbos.”

I threw my head back and laughed. “Future fake husband? Bimbos?”

“You heard me.”

“I’ve never dated bimbos. I’m a very selective man.”

“Ha! We’ll see about that. What time is this meeting?”

“At three.”

Her eyes extended.

“Oh my God, Josiah, it’s two fifteen!”

“Well, you better get on with it, girl.”

“I’m going to be late to the first meeting with your father! Oh my God.”

My eyes softened, and suddenly I felt a tug on my chest. I reached out to Santana to halt her hurried pace. She looked at me with eyes wide.

“What?”

“You really care about this, don’t you?”

She straightened. “Of course. It’s what you want. You’re my friend. I care about you.”

The room closed in on us as we stared each other down.

“Thank you, Santana. This means a lot.”

Her smile was radiant. “You’re welcome, Sir, now move it, I’ve gotta go get ready.”

“I’ll be there to pick you up in twenty minutes.”

“No!” she said, shaking her head. You go to the restaurant, and I’ll be there in an hour. I’m sure there’s something you’ll have to talk about before I get there. Remember this meeting isn’t solely about us. It’s about this partner.”

At the halfhearted look on my face, Santana pleaded. “You’ll be okay, I promise. I’ll be there before you could miss me.”

“I miss you already.”

She smiled that beautiful full-face beam. “Oh hush.” Giggling, Santana ran out the door.





Chapter Eight


Chops Lobster Bar





I was late. A Toyota Corolla swerved and jumped in front of me, and I leaned into the steering wheel and slammed on my breaks.

“Shit.”

The offending car shot off down the street, paying no mind to my Infiniti on the side of the road. Other cars went around the rear of my car that stuck out in traffic. I was across the street from Chops Lobster Bar, and I was sure my father thought I was a no-show. With some effort, I eased back into traffic and crossed the crowded intersection into the parking lot of the restaurant. Swiftly, I left the vehicle and strolled inside. I was approached immediately.

“Welcome to Chops, Mr. Rose. I have your party of three this way if you’ll follow me.”

The server guided me across the restaurant and besides the curious stares and people taking out their phones to snap pictures, I saw three sets of eyes settle on me. I approached the table with my hand held out, and all three stood to their feet.

“Please forgive my tardiness,” I said, shaking my father’s hand. He pulled me in for a hug.

“I’m glad to see that you’re okay, son.” He gave me a hard slap on the back. “This here is Charles Murdock, owner and CEO of Summer Rain Industries.”

I shook Mr. Murdock’s hand as recognition of his company played like a slideshow in my mind.

“Excuse me for my tardiness,” I said.

“Things happen sometimes. How are you, son?”

“I’ve been better.”

“Your father tells us you had a summer cold. Those are always nasty,” Mr. Murdock quipped.

“Tell me about it. It seems to be clearing up now.”

Mr. Murdock turned to the woman at his side. “This here is my daughter, Tina Murdock.”

“How do you do?” Tina said, offering her hand in a shake. I accepted her greeting.

“Better,” I said. “How about yourself, Ms. Murdock?”

“I’m well.”

“Tina will be owner and CEO of Summer Rain within the next year or so,” Mr. Murdock said. “She’s here today so we can all get to know one another. I hope you don’t mind.”

I took a moment to glance from my father to Mr. Murdock and wondered if I were being set up. Tina’s demeanor along with her ponytail, black-rimmed prescription glasses, and super lean figure had me picturing a twenty-year-old girl who wanted more so to be a trophy wife than be at the head of the business table. But I’d give her the benefit of the doubt.

“Please, son, have a seat,” my father said.

I found my place next to him and directly in front of Tina. She smiled coyly, and again I glanced from my father to Mr. Murdock. The server approached the table with appetizers.

“The jumbo crab cake with mustard butter and your burgundy escargots,” the server announced, placing the food on the table.

“I hope you don’t mind I took the liberty of ordering water and an appetizer to appease you until my son arrived,” Christopher said.

“Are you all ready to order?” the server asked after placing a glass of water with lemon in front of each one of us. Tina looked to me.

“Ladies first,” I said.

Tina blushed. “Thank you.” She turned to the server. “I do have a bit of a seafood craving. I’ve had a taste for lobster for a long time.”

“I know what you mean,” Mr. Murdock said. “One of us has to get lobster before leaving this restaurant. It would be wrong to visit this place without tasting their fresh seafood.”

Tina glanced over the menu. “I’m already on it. I’ll have your steak and signature lobster tail please.”

I checked my watch then my cell.

“Do you have another appointment?” my father asked, noting my clock watching.

Mr. Murdock began ordering his food as I responded, “I have someone I want you to meet. She should be here any moment.” This brought Mr. Murdock’s and Tina’s full attention to me. I turned to the server. “Excuse me, there will be a fifth guest. Can you make room for her please?”

“Sure thing. Would you like to order?”

“This water is fine. I’ll wait until she arrives.”

“We should all wait then,” my father announced.

“No, it’s all right, you’ve waited long enough. I’d like for us to get started.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, Pop, order your food.”

He did, giving me a glance before continuing.

The server left, and my father got right down to business.

“So, Charles, if you don’t mind,” my father said, “I’ll start by saying thank you for meeting my son and I today and introducing us to your lovely daughter. We both have a genuine interest to see our companies prosper, and at this time in Gemz’s growth, I want to make sure it holds the family ethics that I have spent the last few years devoted to molding and shaping to its current state.

“I have offered my son Josiah the option of taking complete ownership of Gemz, which is why I wanted you two to meet and get to know each other. If all goes well, you two could be partnering, and I will be on permanent vacation.”

“I wasn’t aware that you were looking to partner with another company,” I said, making sure he knew I wasn’t familiar with this type of charade he was playing.

“I figured if you didn’t take over the company, I would still need a CEO with some common ground to run Gemz, but if you signed the contract it would be ultimately up to you. However, having a partner with shared interest when it comes to business, growth, finances, employers, clients, and other things that could go wrong would be supreme for you, don’t you think?”

“Why would I need a partner when I have you?”

“Son, I want you to realize that I won’t be around most of the time. Taking over this company is a serious deal; some things will happen at the drop of a dime, and I could be on an island in Costa Rica somewhere. What will you do?”

“Costa Rica? Pop, are you taking a vacation you haven’t told me about?”

My father snickered. “Maybe.”

“So many secrets these days,” I said.

My father held up his hand. “No secrets. I’m laying everything on the table now. And the company needs order, stability,” he said, which was sounding oddly familiar to what Santana had said earlier.

“He’s got a point there,” Tina said.

“Does he?” I returned.

“Yes, and in the event that Mr. Rose isn’t around to assist you, my father should be. He is the best at what he does with Summer Rain. A real honest man with integrity and muscle. That’s who you need on your team.”

I glanced from the proud smile on Mr. Murdock’s face to the seriousness of Tina’s.

“And what about you?” I said. “Your father says you’ll be taking over Summer Rain. That means I’ll have to get assistance from you.”

Tina kept her focus on me. “I’m quite equipped to handle whatever comes my way, Mr. Rose.”

She held a twinkle in her eye that I recognized as a flirtatious indicator.

“Well said, baby girl,” Mr. Murdock said.

“I get the feeling you have a feisty daughter on your hands, Mr. Murdock,” I said. “I’m sure she could get anything she wants from you.”

“Most of the time.”

We all chuckled.

“Mr. Murdock, I’d like to personally thank you for taking the time out to visit with my father and me today.” I looked to Tina. “You as well, Ms. Murdock. However, we won’t be taking on partners anytime soon.”

My father looked at me with wide eyes. “When did we come to this conclusion?”

“When I signed the contract,” I said, giving him my full attention.

A smile crept across his lips. “You signed the agreement?” He spoke in shocked disbelief.

“I did.” I took a sip of my water.

“And you read all it entailed?”

“I’m not a degenerate, Father. Ms. Lean and I went over it in full detail.”

“We should still consider Mr. and Ms. Murdock as partners. You never know.” He shrugged. “And where is this girl you were telling me about?”

I almost laughed out loud. He just couldn’t help himself. He was interested in seeing if I would go through with his preposterous request.

“Speaking of, here she is now,” I said, standing.

Santana walked through the restaurant effortlessly. Her hair had been let down, and it bounced in layers around her face as she strutted our way. Our gazes connected and without missing a step, I guided her to me. As she neared, I got a clear look at her dress. She’d changed into a light blouse and a skirt that hugged her thighs enough to reveal a shapely figure but loose enough to not cause damage to my libido. It stopped at her knees. Pantyhose graced her legs, and the heels she wore brought her at least three inches closer to my height.

An aphrodisiac surrounded me when she floated to my side, and Santana leaned in and kissed my lips softly. “Hello again.” Her sultry voice sent a flare to my groin.

“You look beautiful as always,” I said.

My father cleared his throat.

“Pops, this is Santana Summers,” I said, “my girlfriend.”

Wide eyes met mine, and everyone glanced to Santana. She held a perfect smile as she came to my father’s side.

“Mr. Rose, it’s so nice to see you again.” She blew air kisses on both sides of his cheeks. Then looked to everyone else. “Hello,” her voice sang.

Mr. Murdock held out his hand, which Santana accepted. He leaned in and placed a kiss on the back and the hint of jealousy I felt surprised me.

“Good evening, Ms. Summers. I’m Charles Murdock, owner and CEO of Summer Rain Industries. This is my daughter Tina Murdock future owner and CEO of Summer Rain Industries.”

Santana reached for Tina’s hand, but Tina nodded a hello instead.

“I hope I’m not too late.” Santana took note of the appetizers just as the server walked up with everyone’s order.

“Oh sweetheart, we’re going to eat in private. Our meeting is just about over, and I felt it was time for you to meet my father.”

“And what a surprise this is,” my father said, staring at Santana. “Please have a seat.”

I held my hand out to take hers and led her back over to me. After helping her in a chair, I reclaimed my seat.

“This is the first time I’m hearing about anyone Josiah is remotely interested in.”

“Pop,” I said.

“It’s the truth.”

“And here you thought your boy might not be ready to settle down,” Mr. Murdock threw in.

I turned to my father but spoke to Mr. Murdock: “What else did he tell you?”

“That you were single,” Tina inserted, her vision casting a sharp glance from Santana to me.

I pulled Santana’s hand in mine. “Well, maybe my father shouldn’t speak so quickly next time.” I turned my attention to him. “Isn’t that right, Pop?”

My father nodded. “You might be right, son. You might be right.”

I glanced back to Santana. She squeezed my fingers and winked with a buoyant smile covering her face. I couldn’t help but notice Santana’s performance was neatly packaged. Almost as if she was leading from a place of understanding. I tried to dismiss the idea, but it curled up inside me like a close acquaintance and didn’t want to let go.





Chapter Nine


Santana





“Did you have any trouble finding the place?” Josiah asked.

“Not at all.” I smiled softly. With everyone tuned into our conversation, I made sure to give Josiah all my attention. I glanced at the glass of water sitting in front of him. “I’m sure your appetites bigger than that.”

Josiah nodded once. “Starved.”

“You should’ve at least ordered an appetizer,” I said.

“I had an appetizer before I arrived. Now I’m ready for the main course, but I was hoping you could help me with that.”

A ball of nerves shot up my arms and settled around my neck, saturating my body completely. His insinuation was so blatant and arousing that I was completely turned on where I probably should’ve been embarrassed seeing as how we were in front of company. I smirked and slowly shook my head as I reached for his jawline for a soft caress.

“Tease,” I said.

“So, Ms. Summers,” Josiah’s father began, “when we were in Montego Bay, I had no idea you and Josiah were dating. Is that why you two kept disappearing?”

I was sure my face lit up red as a blush covered my cheeks. Josiah found it funny, chuckling with that sexy ass dashing smile on his face.

“How long have you and my boy been dating?” Mr. Rose went on.

“I wouldn’t say we’ve been dating,” I replied. “We were friends for a while. I’m from Houston. I moved down here with Desiree when she decided to come back home a few months ago. Josiah and I met while I still resided in Houston. He was my hero of sorts.”

Josiah’s chuckling continued, and I had a notion to kick him in his shin. After a few seconds, he settled down long enough to respond to his father. “Santana was a friend of Julian’s. Her home was burglarized, and Julian asked me to watch after her while he was away on business. We’ve remained friends ever since.”

“If you’ve managed to pull my son from his rambunctious activities, then I welcome you. I also want to invite you over for dinner so we can become further acquainted.”

“Anytime,” I said.

“Mr. Rose,” Mr. Murdock said, getting back to business. He glanced from Josiah to his father. “I do hope you will consider partnering with us. If you’d like a tour of our headquarters, Tina would be more than happy to show you around.”

Tina’s eyes lit up, and she kept them focused on Josiah. She reached into a handbag that hung off the back of her chair and pulled out a business card sliding it over to Josiah.

“Call me or email me, and we’ll set up an appointment,” she said. “I’m sure once you’ve gotten a feel for what we can offer, you’ll change your mind about partnering with us.” Tina turned to Mr. Murdock. “Isn’t that right, Daddy?”

“I do not doubt it.”

“Thank you,” Josiah said, tucking the card into his breast pocket.

I made a mental note to remove it later and shred it. Then I paused my thoughts and wondered about where my mind had landed. Remember, Santana, this is all pretending, no need to get your panties all in a bunch.

“Pop, Mr. Murdock, Ms. Murdock,” Josiah called out, grabbing their attention. “It was nice meeting up with you, but if you don’t mind, Santana and I are going to grab a table.” He held his hand out and shook their hands.

“This place is pretty packed,” his father said, “are you sure you’ll be able to get a table?”

“You have the popularity of the Kardashians. I’m sure the owner would put someone out to give you a seat.”

Everyone turned to look at Tina with surprise.

“That’s being a bit dramatic, don’t you think?” Josiah responded.

“No, I don’t.”

The table grew quiet.

“Well,” I said, standing to my feet. Josiah stepped behind me, quickly adjusting my seat as I rose. “It was nice meeting you all.” I locked my arm with Josiah’s.

“You as well, Ms. Summers,” Mr. Murdock said.

Josiah nodded, and we traipsed away from the table. In my periphery, I saw flashes from cell phones where people were openly taking our picture. I followed Josiah to a window seat where we were practically put on display.

“Are you sure you want to sit here?” I asked.

“Would you rather sit somewhere else? I thought if we were going to put on this show, we should put it on thick.”

I nodded. “That’s fine. So,” I smoothed down my skirt and crossed my legs, “Summer Rain Industries, huh?”

“Have you heard of them?”

“Of course. I’d have to say they are about as popular as Gemz.”

“Almost.” Josiah offered me that wide sexy grin.

I laughed out loud. “Seems like your father is serious about partnering, or he would’ve picked a company with a lesser reputation.”

“You’re right about that. But I do think you may be on to something about him wanting to see if I’m interested in marriage.”

“Oh?”

“Before you arrived, he mentioned Gemz needing stability to withstand the test of time.”

My smile widened. “It looks like we have him in the palm of our hands, too,” I said.

“Trust me,” Josiah said. “We’ll have to keep this going all the way to the altar before my father reveals his true intentions. Which is one of the reasons I asked you if you would take this all the way if that happens.” He held me with a straightforward gaze. “Are you still game, Santana?”

I smirked. “I’m here, aren’t I, Josiah?”

His smile became bright again, and he picked up his champagne glass.

“To us,” he said. “May we last… forever.”

I kissed his glass with mine, and we sipped. This was going to be more fun than I thought, but I would remind Josiah later we should stick with the theatrics when we’re in public only. The last thing I wanted to do was blur the lines between real and fantasy. Even if I was already feeling fuzzy on the inside.





Josiah and I sat in Chops Lobster Bar for an hour when I received a text message from Carla.

Apparently, she’d been thinking about her job at the school and decided she wanted to use her paid vacation time while she had the chance. The problem was Natalie Rosenburg, the assistant principal, wanted to speak to Carla in person. So, Carla told Mrs. Rosenburg that she and I were out together so she couldn’t come in at that time. Putting it plainly, it backfired, and Mrs. Rosenburg asked for us both to come in.

With much reluctance, I had to cut my time with Josiah short and head to Carla’s apartment.





The door to the brick apartment complex opened, and Carla tugged at a skirt that barely touched her knees. The heels she wore were those stripper shoes I kept telling her might not be the best choice for school when she purchased them in Montego Bay. But she just had to have them, reasoning that school wasn’t the only place she visited. But I didn’t know who she was fooling. Although we’d been acquainted only a short while, Carla’s days and nights had consisted of being at work and going home.

She opened the passenger door and climbed inside.

“Thank you, girl. I appreciate you for coming.”

“I didn’t have much of a choice since you included me in your cahoots.”

“Cahoots?” she said, feigning astonishment. “No cahoots, I promise.”

“Yeah, okay.”

“Natalie caught me off guard. You know how she is sometimes. I had no idea she would ask to see you, too. That was the last thing I was banking on.”

I pulled away from the curb and went in the direction of the school.

“I hope this doesn’t take long because I’m supposed to grab drinks with Octavia and Selena later.”

Carla reared her head around and put her hands on her hips. “Oh, so I don’t get an invite?”

“Well with you quitting your job, I didn’t think you would want to spend money when you should be saving it until you get something else.”

“Is that what you thought? I know I don’t live in an upscale townhome or anything, but I think I can afford a drink or two without the lights going out.”

“Okay, so does that mean you’re going?”

“I don’t know. I have to check my bank account.”

I laughed and shook my head. “Girl.”

“What,” she said. “Ooh, girl, I met this honey brown skinned brother at the library of all places. He was so cute. You know I was scoping out his ring finger like this.”

Carla bucked her eyes and tilted her head forward as if searching for something on the floor. I laughed and shook my head some more.

“Oh my God, you are so crazy. Do you think he can read or was he just there to scope out single desperate women?”

The smile on Carla’s face fell. “Oh, so you got jokes?”

I shrugged. “Actually, I was serious. Did he check out any books?”

Carla mused over it for a second. “Now that you mention it, I didn’t see him check out any books.”

I giggled some more.

“When I spotted him, he stood at attention with his hands behind his back looking my way.” Carla shrugged, and I laughed harder. “You’re being mean. What’s gotten into you today?”

“How am I being mean?”

“You just called me single and desperate, and I resent that. I’ll have you know you’re still single yourself. Might not be desperate but still.”

My giggles bubbled over. “Aww, don’t be like that.” I reached out and tugged at her cheek.

“Get off me,” she mumbled, swatting me away.

“Okay my mouth is closed. Finish telling me about your day,” I said.

“Long story short, he gave me his number. Told me to call him later.”

“So, are you?”

“Of course not, what I look like? You know I have to wait at least three days.”

“Really?” I said. “You’re doing the three days rule? That’s so high school.”

“How is that? Would you suggest I call later, looking like I had nothing better to do but sit around anxiously waiting to talk to him?”

I laughed and pulled into the school parking in my assigned spot. I flipped the visor down and checked my redberry colored lipstick in the mirror. The time read 5 p.m. School was over for the day, and Mrs. Rosenburg would be leaving within the hour.

“Thanks for sharing the highlights of your library trip. I look forward to the follow-up conversation.”

“Somehow, I feel like you’re trying to be funny again,” Carla said.

I was because I knew Carla would call before the night was over. We left the car and entered the school through the front door. There was a casual stroll in our steps, and after entering the office, Carla tapped lightly on Mrs. Rosenburg’s door.

“Come in please.”

Mrs. Rosenburg held up her hand, signaling for us to give her just a minute. The office was designed with a hideous floral print on the walls with every color of the rainbow while the furniture looked as if it had been made from the coat of a Zebra. As many times I had been in the office, there was no getting used to the style if you could call it that. Who in the world would take the time to pick out the patterns was beyond me.

“Just send them in an attachment before 6 p.m.,” she said into the phone. “I can’t wait for them any longer, yes, thank you.” She dropped the phone on its base and turned her attention to us.

“Ms. James, Ms. Summers, how are you ladies today?”

“We’re doing just fine,” I said.

“As I told you over the phone,” Carla said, “I need to put in some vacation time starting right now.”

Mrs. Rosenburg motioned for us to sit down. “Is everything okay?”

“I would like to take a leave of absence until this investigation is over. Working in the same environment with my offender is uncomfortable in more ways than one.”

It wasn’t a complete lie, but it wasn’t the full truth either. Really, being walked to the door because the drug test came back with marijuana in it was the last thing Carla could take. It would mock her even more, especially when she was sexually assaulted. She crossed her legs and sat back.

“I completely understand,” Mrs. Rosenburg replied. “Company policy does state that you need to give notice a week in advance to take a leave of absence. However, in this case, I’m going to go ahead and approve it. Besides, between the three of us,” Mrs. Rosenburg lowered her voice, “I never liked him anyway. I knew he would be one of the first ones to go. His comments about women are unacceptable, and I’m surprised he hasn’t been fired before now.”

Carla’s eyebrows shot up. “So you believe me then?”

Mrs. Rosenburg waved her off. “Of course, honey, every woman in this office believes you.”

“So, tell me what’s up with the theatrics. Why am I going through being investigated?”

“You know why, because the creep has to try and take you down with him by saying you do drugs. We’re not going to have a problem with that, are we?”

“Oh no, definitely not,” she lied again.

“Good, I’d hate to lose you. Good help is hard to find.”

Mrs. Rosenburg turned to her computer screen, her fingers pecking away at the keyboard. Two seconds later, her printer warmed up, and a piece of paper slid out.

“Fill out this form. Now, you have two weeks’ worth of vacation time to use, but this investigation will be over in a week, so how much time would you like to take?”

“I’ll take the full two weeks.”

“I don’t blame you,” Mrs. Rosenburg said. She set her sights on me. “How about you, Ms. Summers, do you need to take vacation time, too?”

“I put mine in this morning with Mr. McDonald.”

“Have you had a problem with Roger also?” Mrs. Rosenburg frowned.

“Not in the way that would warrant an investigation. Trust me, if it ever happens, you’ll be the first to know.” Besides Josiah. The thought skimmed across my mind so fast I almost let it pass me with no recognition of it. Why would I need to tell Josiah anything? Suddenly I felt a bit uneasy. I wasn’t the type of woman who got ahead of herself. I was open, honest, and agreeable most times. So, having that fleeting thought was unsettling.

“That’s good to hear. Keep me updated,” Mrs. Rosenburg said.

Carla continued to fill out her paperwork as I sat there trying to take my mind off Josiah.





Chapter Ten




Two days later

11:42 p.m.



“So, let me get this straight. You just left your job?” Octavia’s hand went to her forehead as she listened to Carla’s ordeal. I took a sip of my cocktail and relaxed in my chair, crossing my legs.

We were at the Dream Lounge. Our previous girls’ night out had been postponed when Octavia called with an excuse of not feeling up to going out. It was becoming a regular habit. Since I’d known Octavia, she and Jonathon Alexander Rose had been as thick as thieves, and it wasn’t unusual when she bailed on girls’ night out every now and then.

The Dream Lounge had a nice atmosphere. The ritzy nightclub held a diverse crowd, and everyone mixed and mingled quite nicely. The music was some of my favorite neo-soul artists. Maxwell’s “Fortunate” serenaded us as we laughed and sipped our drinks.

“Now, somebody tell me about their day so I can get off mine,” Carla said, taking a huge sip of her mimosa.

“Business as usual for the most part,” Selena said. She fiddled with the diamond earring that hung from her earlobe. “This one over here though is having the time of her life with Jonathon.” Selena sipped her drink, sucking in her jaws as she batted her eyes at Octavia.

Octavia’s curly afro was not tamed tonight. The springy curls sat loud and proud on her head, and I was in love with the style. Octavia cut her eyes at Selena.

“Jonathon and I are just friends. Nothing more,” she said.

“Girl, please, who are you kidding?” Selena said, shrugging. “No one that’s who. I’ve seen the way he looks at you and vice versa. I don’t understand why you’re trying to hide it.”

“I’m not hiding anything. You are the one making assumptions. If Jonathon and I were dating, why would I be ashamed of it?”

“I didn’t say you were ashamed of it, but you do like him, right?”

“That’s not the type of relationship we have. Look, just chill, okay? It’s not like I don’t hear enough of that from my aunt. I don’t want to hear it from you, too.”

Selena rolled her eyes and slid her straight locks behind her ear. “Whatever you say. I just thought you’d have something fun to share, but pay me no mind. What do I know?”

Everyone turned to me. “What’s up with you and Josiah?” Selena asked.

I took another sip of my cocktail. “Nothing’s going on with Josiah and me. We are also just friends.”

Everyone at the table began twisting their lips and sucking air through their teeth.

“Now that’s just a bold-faced lie,” Octavia said.

“Really, out of everyone, you should understand.”

“Yeah, I would, but clearly, you and Josiah have something going on. You were late to your best friend’s wedding.”

“Then you disappeared right after,” Selena added.

“Mmhmm, and I didn’t want to be the one to tell you this, but I saw a picture of you and him on social media. Ran right through my newsfeed,” Carla added.

I turned to her with wide eyes. “What? And you’re just now telling me this?”

“I mean this was the other day when we last spoke and it slipped my mind.” she tried to justify.

“But that didn’t stop you from telling me about the honey brown skin brother you met at the library, did it?”

Carla’s face flushed a crimson red, and everyone turned to her. “Honey brown skin brother, damn Carla, you holding out, too?”

“I was getting around to it,” Carla defended.

“Hold on, let’s go back to this picture you saw. What does it look like?” I asked.

Carla took out her cell phone and went into her photo gallery.

“I took a screenshot, here.” She handed me the device.

Josiah and I were walking away from the table where his father sat. We were arm in arm. A subtle smile sat on my face, and a handsome grin lay across his. Looking at the picture stirred me. The feeling was uncharted, and I didn’t know what to make of it. At the same time, my face warmed before I finally pulled my eyes away from the image. I handed the phone back to Carla.

“Let us see,” Selena and Octavia said in unison.

I gave the phone to Selena and took another sip of my cocktail just as a waitress passed.

“Excuse me,” I said. She turned back to me. “Can I get another gin and tonic, please?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

I turned back to the girls, and they were all staring at me. “What?”

“What are we to think of this picture?” Selena asked, handing the phone back to Carla.

“Think whatever you want to think.”

A different waitress trucked up to our table with a round of drinks. One by one, she sat them in front of us.

“Um, we didn’t order these,” Octavia said.

“These drinks are courtesy of Mr. Valentine.” The waitress pointed across the room, and we all turned.

“As in Boss Man Valentine?” Selena asked.

The waitress laughed. “That’s the one.”

Mr. Hunter Valentine, CEO of VFC Energy, a fortune 500 company. VFC had been named alongside Rose Bank and Trust Credit Union as one of the most respected companies.

“What is he doing in here?” Selena whispered sharply.

“I don’t know, baby, but I’m willing to find out,” Carla practically moaned out.

Watching him from afar, I took in his strong features, chocolate brown skin, and could tell by the length of his legs even in a sitting position that he was rather tall. I took another sip of my empty cocktail, sucking in a lungful of air. Mr. Valentine held up a glass of dark liquid in a silent cheer.

Collectively, we held up ours in return, and a slow smile brushed across his face. Commotion at the nightclub entrance pulled our attention to the door. Two men traipsed through while the owner held the door open for another. When Josiah entered, my belly flopped, and a smile instantly spread across my lips. I couldn’t help but take my eyes from the top of him to the bottom.

He was just as charming now as he was the last time I’d seen him. He wore a clean-cut Brook Brother’s polo that complemented his muscled physique. The shirt sat comfortably against the belt of a pair of dark navy-blue shorts. The belt on his waist blinged from across the room, and the loafers on his feet gave him a prep boy look. From the distance, I could see his freshly oiled skin, and suddenly his male scent tickled my nose. The guy in front of him spoke, and Josiah smiled that sexy grin that always made my throat dry. A group of women sashayed through the door, wasting no time approaching him. The two guys he was with seemed more like groupies as they hung by his side with admiration of being part of his entourage.

The DJ interrupted the music and said through the mic, “It looks like we’re in good company tonight. Josiah Alexander Rose and Hunter Valentine are in the building!”

A waitress sauntered up to Josiah, handing him a short glass of dark liquor, which he accepted with a terse nod. The woman who lingered in front of him leaned closer to whisper in his ear, and a knot of jealousy knocked through me. I bit down on my teeth softly and tried to maintain my composure. He doesn’t really belong to you, Santana. I knew this, but I wasn’t in the position to explain why I felt territorial. The woman continued to whisper in his ear, and his smooth pair of lips eased back into a smile. The knot in my stomach got tighter with each moment that I watched. At the same time, the music faded and John Legend’s “Tonight” cruised through the speakers.

I silently ordered myself to turn away and then it happened. As if my stare had burned a hole into him, his eyes lifted and met mine. His content smile widened, and a hot tingle crawled down my spine.

“Excuse me.”

I turned around to the deep voice that had beckoned me. Hunter Valentine stood by my side. Up close, his handsome features were sharp and a toothpick sat in the corner of his lips. He held his hand out.

“I’m Hunter,” he said. “I felt it was important for me to come over and introduce myself.” Hunter glanced to Carla, Octavia, and Selena. “Ladies,” he greeted.

“Hello,” they all cooed as I shook his hand.

“I hope the drinks are up to your standards,” Hunter’s smooth voice crooned.

“Delicious,” Carla stated.

“I’ve never received a drink so well put together. What’s your secret, Mr. Valentine?” Selena asked, batting her eyes.

Hunter smiled down at Selena, and if I didn’t know any better, I thought at any moment she’d faint.

“I don’t like keeping secrets, so I have none to offer you.”

“No secrets, huh?” Octavia said.

“That’s right,” Hunter agreed. “No secrets.”

Hunter turned his attention back to me, but something over my shoulder stole his focus. He inclined his head.

“Josiah,” he greeted.

I snapped my head to the side just as Josiah closed the distance to stand at my other side. My stomach rumbled as I got a close look at the pecs brilliantly designed in his shirt. The polo was doing nothing to hide them. My eyes lifted to his strong neck, stubble on his jaw and perfectly moist lips. A shudder ran through me, and I shifted my weight in my seat.

“Hunter,” Josiah responded, taking his soulful eyes from Hunter to me. The rapid beat of my heart threatened to knock me out of my chair as Josiah dipped down to me, casting an arm around my waist and pulling me out of the chair, flushed against his broad chest. My hands instantly clutched his shoulders to hold myself steady from the sudden movement.

“Hey, baby,” he crooned, “I’ve missed you ever since we departed the other day. What a pleasure it is to see you here tonight.” Josiah tightened his grip on my waist and slanted his mouth over mine. A dizzy spell fell over me as his lips engaged with my lips, and he sucked in my tongue. I moaned into his mouth and felt the heat of his passion between my thighs. John Legend was singing about tonight being the best he’d ever had, and I couldn’t disagree with him at the moment.

Josiah’s hands explored my backside, lightly at first then with a firm grip. I tried to pull away from him as I was still somewhat aware that we were in front of an entire room of people. But it was of no use. The probing of his tongue held me longer, enchanted by his predatorial claim. He inhaled me, unwilling to give me a moment of reprieve even to breathe as I shared lungsful of air through his silken mouth. Desire ached through my body, and my leg lifted without me giving it instructions. Josiah gathered my bottom, effectively pulling me into his arms, and my other leg wrapped around his waist.

It was this moment that a smile tapered across his beautiful mouth as he feathered kisses down my jaw. He turned purposefully, leaving the table as I nibbled on his ear, completely lost in his entrapment. I didn’t care where he was taking me as long as I was with him. Briefly, I saw images of my girls and Hunter with surprised looks on their faces. Selena was speaking, but I continued to nibble on his ear as they all became a blur in my sight. I was drunk. To be clear, I was debauched with lust, not alcohol. I’d only had two drinks, and they weren’t enough to coat me with such an unrestrained craving. The path before us opened as Josiah carried me into what I assumed was the VIP area. Security at the entrance closed it off as we floated in cutting off his buddies who trailed behind. They instantly began to gripe about how they were with Josiah, but the stone-faced security guard ignored them, standing with perfect posture, crossing his arms over his chest.

“Josiah!” They called after him. “Yo J!”

Josiah’s movements didn’t pause until we were upon a plush sofa in the back of the room. Currently, we were the only occupants of the section, and I had a feeling we would be until Josiah said otherwise. He sat down with me still strapped to his waist. My knees sunk into the heated sofa as I now straddled him. My eyes felt heavy, and my lids lowered as I was still salivating over the primal way he’d taken me.

“I thought you weren’t feeling well,” I managed to say. “What are you doing here?”

“Whatever you put in your soup has me feeling like my old self again. What can I say, I’m cured,” he drawled. “I don’t remember you mentioning coming to the club tonight.”

“That’s because I didn’t.” My fingers drifted up his chest and played with his collarbone, and I felt him shiver under my touch.

“Why didn’t you?”

I barely shrugged. “I didn’t realize it was something I needed to mention.”

His nostrils flared, and he tilted his head slightly as he peered at me through squinted eyes. “How long have you known Hunter?”

I pulled my bottom lip in my mouth, giving it a slight suck with my teeth.

“I don’t know him at all.”

“So, this is the first time you’ve met him?”

“Yeah.”

He rubbed his chin in thought.

“What’s the problem?” I asked, curious with his sudden intrigue with Hunter Valentine.

“He’s the type of guy that wants anything that doesn’t belong to him.”

“You guys are rivals?”

“He’d like to think that. But I ignore his efforts most of the time, except when my interference is warranted.”

“Like now?”

His compelling gaze washed over me with a slow dragging appraisal. It was like he wanted me to feel his dangerous observation reach out and touch me. He draped an arm across the back of the couch.

“Especially now,” he confirmed.

The muscles in his powerful frame teased me, and I wondered how long I’d be able to keep my emotions in check. Snap out of it, Santana. I smiled elatedly.

“You put on a good show, you know that, Josiah?”

His tongue pushed into the corner of his mouth.

“Is that what you think I was doing?”

I smirked. “Hmm, well, I don’t really belong to you, so yes. I do.”

“What if I told you, you were wrong?”

I laughed and attempted to climb off his lap, but his hands clasped my thighs and held me firm. My heart fluttered, and again I was knocked by emotions that threatened to rise.

“You don’t have to continue back here,” I said. “No one can see us.”

Josiah went to speak, but someone entered the room.

“Mr. Rose, I hate to interrupt, but some fools at the door claim they’re a part of your party. Should I kick them out?”

It was a different security guard. I took this time to climb off his lap and sink next to him, pulling down my pleated skirt.

“Let them in,” Josiah said. “And have Ashley bring a round of drinks.”

“Sure thing.”

The stocky security guard left.

“I should get going,” I said, rising to my feet.

“You just got here,” he said.

“No, you just got here, I’ve been here a while.”

“Are you planning to head home?”

“Not at this very moment. My girls and I will probably hang out for a bit more. We were sort of in the middle of ladies’ night when you pulled me away.”

“Your girls can come back here. No need to go back to the table. I’ll send security to get them.”

I twisted my lips. “Why, you don’t trust me out of your sight? Unlike you, I know how to turn down the advancement of the opposite sex.”

It was a direct jab, and I wanted him to feel it more than I should’ve.

A small smile caressed his lips.

“I can’t tell,” he said.

Astonished, I put my hands on my hips. “I wasn’t the one flirting relentlessly. You, on the other hand, just can’t help yourself.”

“You’re referring to what exactly?”

“Don’t play games with me, Josiah. I saw the women fawning over you as soon as you stepped through the door, and you seemed to enjoy it.”

He watched me so long I thought he’d went off into a trance.

“You’re right,” he said. “I was a shameless flirt in my past life.”

“Your past life?”

“Yeah, I’m a changed man now, Santana. I’ve been cuffed by an investigative journalist.”

I giggled. “You’re stupid.”

“Nah, but I can be funny sometimes.”

“You know what I meant.”

“Sure,” he said. Josiah grabbed my hand and pulled me down as I plopped practically in his lap. “I want you to stay.”

I turned my face to him, my lips seconds from his jaw. “Why?”

He met my gaze head on. “Because this is where you belong.”

The heat from his mouth tickled my lips, and again I was being pulled into him with a force that was out of my control. We were kissing again. This time not so ravishing but more intimately delicate. Soft and slow. Invigorating and pronounced. Our tongues sliding past each other than mating in a heated exchange. Why are you kissing when there’s not an audience? I had nothing to blame for our passionate enrapture. It was all us. Me and him.

“Damn, son, let her breathe,” came a voice in front of us.

I snapped back, quickly pulling myself out of the stronghold that paralyzed me. I turned to his friend who held a goofy grin on his face. Unhurriedly, Josiah regarded his friend.

“Mind your business… son,” he threw back.

His friend opened his wide gap mouth and wailed. “Do you plan to save any of that for later?”

Josiah smirked. “Like I said, mind your business.”

“Shidddd, your business is my business when you put it on front street. So, who’s your friend?”

“Santana, this is Desmond. Desmond, Santana. The guy walking up behind him is Kevin. We grew up in high school together before I went off to Harvard. When I came back, these two were around to pick up where we left off. I haven’t been able to get rid of them since.”

Desmond twisted his lips. “Like you want to get rid of us. We yo’ boys, stop playing!”

Desmond held his hand out for a shake, which I ignored.

“Desmond,” I said, “how are the twins?”

Desmond arched a brow. “Man, you told her about that?”

Josiah chuckled. “You told her about it. When I tried relentlessly to tell you I’d call you back, but you wouldn’t listen. She heard the whole thing.”

Desmond placed a hand over his heart. “Aww man, I’m sorry, I apologize. I had no idea Josiah had company. He could’ve done better at warning me though.”

“Whatever,” Josiah growled.

“I know that wasn’t the most pleasant conversation for you to hear. What can I do to make it up to you?”

“I’ll tell you what you can do for me,” Josiah interrupted.

“Naw, man, I’m talking to the lady.”

“Go get her friends. The girls at the table she sat with. Tell them we need their company back here in the VIP room.”

“I’m on it, Boss.”

Josiah chuckled. “I thought you didn’t want to do me a favor?”

“I changed my mind,” Desmond said, “besides, doing you this favor is doing Santana one.”

Josiah turned to me and I to him.

“Can he be on his best behavior?” I asked. “I’d hate for one of my girls to smack him for something offensive he says.”

“That’s not what you should worry about.”

“Then what is?”

“If you get to your car and find you have an empty tank of gas, let me know.”

I pulled back and gasped. “He wouldn’t.”

Josiah shrugged. “Don’t worry. I’d beat him silly.”

The waitress Josiah had spoken about earlier approached us with more beverages than mouths we had to drink out of. I quickly took one off her hand. I had a feeling we were in for a crazy night being around Josiah’s crew.





Chapter Eleven





“Nothing to tell us, huh?”

I peeped over the rim of my glass at Selena.

“You’ve been back here all of five minutes, and you just couldn’t wait to get that out, could you?”

I took my glance over to Josiah who stood talking to another acquaintance that had entered the club. The new set of men, three of them, quickly glided to the VIP and shouted for Josiah to let them in.

“Seriously, Santana,” Octavia said. “What’s the word?”

I didn’t want to hold anything back from them, but I couldn’t tell them the truth. That we were pretending to be a couple so he could appease his father. First, it sounded conniving, and I didn’t want to think of it that way. Secondly, Josiah and I never talked about what we would tell others. Those closest to us. Should we reveal that this was the plan or make them think it was real so it would seem more genuine?

“Look, when I know, I’ll let you girls know.”

It was all I had to offer at the time. I was planning to ask Josiah what he wanted to do: reveal our scheme or not.

“You don’t know?” Carla said. “Girl, the way that man just hauled you off.” Carla ran a hand down her body and shuddered. “I wish a brother would steal me like that.”

“Mmhmm,” Selena seconded. “Snatched you up real quick, too. If his intentions were to let Hunter know you were taken, I’d say he did a job well done.”

“Sure did,” Octavia added. “We were all sitting there with our mouths on the floor. I don’t think Hunter appreciated it either.”

I frowned. “Why do you say that?”

“Girl, he didn’t say another word to us. He just walked off,” Selena said.

“The frown on his face said it all.”

“We are talking about Hunter Valentine. I don’t think competition has ever been a problem for him,” Carla said.

“Then I guess he’s never met a Rose before,” I responded.

“So, you’re admitting it then,” Selena said.

“Admitting what?”

“Hunter does have competition. You and Josiah are an item.”

I held my hands up. “Whoa, I didn’t say any of that. And first of all, I don’t know Hunter. This was the first time I’ve seen him in person.”

“Honey, I’ve got the feeling those two have been rivals long before Santana entered the picture the way they glared at each other,” Octavia said.

We all agreed.

“Why didn’t one of you try and get with him? I know y’all heffas wanted to.”

“Sure did,” Carla spoke up, “but he didn’t want any of us. That was evident by the way he marched off after Josiah swept you away.”

“Damn that was sexy,” Selena stated.

“I’ll tell you this much,” Octavia added, “if Jonathon ever sweeps me away like that, there’s no denying we’d have something going on.”

I rolled my eyes. “You’re just saying that because it hasn’t happened. But trust me, there will still be some reservations if and when it happens.”

“Reservations like what?” Octavia asked.

I cast a glanced over at Josiah to find him watching me. For what felt like minutes but was probably seconds, we gazed at one another. Then he winked and took a sip of his liquor and continued to engage in the conversation he held.

“Mmhmm,” Selena said. “You ain’t fooling nobody, honey. Not even yourself.”



“You didn’t have to drop me off. Carla would’ve been okay taking me home.”

Josiah cut the engine and turned to me. “I know that, but I wanted it to be me that made sure you got home safely.”

I nodded. “I get it. Appearances and all that jazz.” I turned my eyes toward my front door.

“Santana.”

Looking back, I arched my brows. “Yes, Josiah.”

“Everything isn’t about appearances.”

“Okay…”

“I enjoy your company. I’m cocky enough to think if we didn’t have this arrangement going, we’d still hang out.”

I chuckled. “At least you admit you’re cocky.”

He offered me an easy grin. “Am I wrong?”

“About being cocky?”

His hands covered mine. “No. Am I wrong about us being around each other in the event that this agreement is cut short.”

For some odd reason, I felt a pain of sadness at the thought of it. But I quickly relinquished it to give Josiah a reasonable answer.

“I don’t see why not. We’re good together.”

His hand lifted and cruised up to my neck, face, then chin. His touch was wielding an undisguised caress against my skin. I swallowed thickly and attempted to ban the thoughts of love that permeated my mind.

“Yes, we are,” he responded.

The glow of his cell phone illuminated our space as it rang. Josiah lifted it from the dashboard and silenced it. I sat back, away from his contact and cleared my throat.

“Well, I guess I better get going.”

“I’ll walk you to the door.”

As I stepped out of his Infiniti, I took in a gulp of air. The night was still and quiet, and street lamps lit up the sidewalk. No cars were on the road, and that was to be expected. It was past three a.m. The alcohol I’d consumed throughout the night left me with a slight stir. I strolled around the car and met Josiah on the curb. He reached for my hand, and I gave it to him. A soft albeit demanding tug from him had me in his arms in seconds, and again I found myself holding on to him to steady my footing.

“You know I’ve had one too many drinks for that type of abruptness,” I said.

“I wouldn’t let you fall, trust me.”

I peered up at his smile, and the energy around us swirled. Clearing my throat again, I linked my arm into his and stood by his side as we walked to my front porch.

“I thought I left that porch light on?” I said, staring at the dark bulb.

“It’s humming,” Josiah said, “You need a new one.”

“Hmm, that’s something I’ll have to fix tomorrow.”

“If you have an extra light, I can take care of it for you now.”

“Oh, don’t bother. It’s late.”

“I don’t mind.”

We eyed each other for a moment.

“All right, have it your way.”

I turned to open the door, and we strolled inside. The aroma from the strawberry shortcake I’d baked that morning still lingered in the air. I dropped my purse in a chair by the entry and disappeared into the hall closet to look for a bulb.

“Ah, got it,” I said, trailing back out with the new bulb in my hand.

“This is a nice place you have here,” Josiah said.

“You think so?” I twirled around on my heels, taking a quick eye over the place as if I was seeing it for the first time.

“Yeah, modern and chic,” Josiah commented.

A delighted smile graced my face. “What do you know about modern and chic, Mr. Rose?” I asked, easing into his personal space.

Josiah gave me a charming smile. “I know a little something, something,” he repeated.

He retrieved the bulb and stepped back outside. I eased out behind him and leaned against the door with my hands resting on my thighs. Josiah didn’t need assistance to reach the hanging fixture. His height was stretching enough. As he reached, I couldn’t help but get an eyeful of the powerful masterpiece that was his chest. A wall of stone in pecs sitting across a beautiful presentation of all male flesh. His belly button reminded me of a Hersey’s kiss.

Before I could stop myself, I reached out and touched his navel. Josiah cast a curious eye down at me just as the bulb flickered and sent a ray of light down over us.

“Ah, thanks,” I said, pulling my arms back to my sides. “You’re belly button is so cute.”

He grinned and glanced down.

“I’m sure you hear that all the time,” I continued.

Josiah handed me the busted bulb.

“No, I don’t. That’s the first.”

I gave off a light chuckle. “I doubt that.”

“It’s the truth.”

He reached out and pulled me close.

“I had a good time with you tonight, Santana. Frankly, I’ve had more fun with you in the last few months than I have ever.”

“Even over your party buddies, Desmond and Kevin?”

“Especially over them.”

We chuckled lightly.

“I feel the same way,” I said. “Imagine how much fun we could’ve had if we’d known each other longer.”

Josiah pulled his lips in and slowly release them. “Imagine how much fun we’ll have the longer we’re together is more like it.”

My smile widened, and I nodded. “As long as you don’t cheat on me, we’ll be good,” I joked, giving a light giggle.

“I should be the one worried about you getting into situations with my adversaries.”

I pushed against his chest. “Trust me, I’m not the one to worry about here.”

“Ditto,” he said.

His phone rang again. Josiah removed it from his pocket and silenced it.

“Well, I won’t hold you, I guess I’ll see you sometime this week?”

“I was thinking. This weekend my family is getting together for our annual barbeque, and I would love for you to be there.”

“Annual barbeque?”

“Yes.”

“So wait, you guys only barbeque once a year?”

“We’re a pretty busy bunch.”

“Yeah, I guess so with empires to run and such.”

We laughed again then he pulled me in. “So, what do you say, Santana? I need you.”

His proclamation shouldn’t have made my heart beat so erratically. And for a moment, I wondered if it was I that was blurring the lines.

“I’ll be there. Just say what time.”

His eyes twinkled, and a gorgeous smile trudged across his face.

“I’ll pick you up at three.”

“It’s a date,” I said.

Josiah leaned into me and kissed my lips. My eyes closed as I basked in the feel of his soft mouth and the tang of his wet tongue. I was falling. These emotions were tearing me apart, and heat poured over my skin. Suddenly, I pulled away, breaking our erotic kiss. A second passed, and I shook my head.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

“You’ve got to stop kissing me like that.” I touched the corner of my mouth. “I mean, we’ve got to stop kissing like that.” I let go of a heavy breath.

“I like kissing you like that, Santana.”

I smiled. “Ditto.”

His arms stretched over me, locking me into the corner of the door.

“Then why do we have to stop?”

“We’ve already done a little too much, don’t you think?”

I was referring to the way he tongued down my pussy on Tuesday. I could tell he caught my grasp when that sexy smile trotted back across his lips.

“Yeah, so what’s to stop us now?”

I placed my hands on his chest.

“If you don’t mind, I’d like to keep things clear between us.”

“Clear?”

“Yes.”

Josiah went to speak again.

“Don’t make any promises,” I spoke quickly.

He arched a brow.

“I just, don’t want to get things confused is all.”

For a long moment, Josiah just stared at me. I held his gaze and wondered what he was thinking. Seconds ticked by then suddenly, he pulled away and tucked his hands into his pockets.

“As you wish.”

I gave him a halfhearted smile.

“Thanks, have a good night,” I said.

“You as well.”

Josiah turned and stepped off the porch, and I watched him walk to the car. As he made it to his driver side door, he glanced over his shoulder and caught me looking after him. Turning full circle, Josiah leaned against the door and folded his hands in front of him.

“Did you change your mind?”

I smiled and slowly went inside the house. I stood there waiting to see if he would leave. Lord knows if he knocked I was letting him in. It was a sad shame, but I wanted him more than I wanted my next chocolate fix. And that was pretty bad since I had a thing for chocolate. But the knock I waited for never came. After another minute, I peeked through the blinds only to find that he was gone.





Chapter Twelve


Josiah





The internal struggle I was dealing with didn’t begin until the day I met Santana. I wanted to believe that our chemistry could be nothing more than two people attracted to one another. Happens all the time. But whenever I had the pleasure of being in her company, unfamiliar emotions would grip me, leaving my heart knocking against my chest. All over again, I’d try to dismiss the desire I felt, but it would always come back full force. And seeing Hunter approach Santana, turned me into a beast I’d never had to tame before.

My phone rang, and I pulled it off the dashboard just as I switched gears and headed downtown to my condo. The highway was dark, and the only thing in front of me were the headlights and the concrete road ahead. I glanced at the phone. Stacy was calling again. The girl wouldn’t be ignored. I’d met Stacy one evening after working a double shift. She had pulled up on Infiniti’s car lot in a taxi. I cracked a smile and tried to change my focus from Santana to Stacy. Long brown legs, shapely hips, and a curvy bottom stuck out in my mind. A flat stomach and perky breasts that I’d yet to feast my eyes on. When my mind made it to her face, reality jolted me. It wasn’t Stacy I’d imagined at all.

It was her. Santana. Again, there she was, even as I tried urgently to dismiss the thought of her. “Damn it,” I barked then answered the phone, determined to put Santana out of my thoughts.

“It’s a little late to be ringing someone’s phone, don’t you think?”

“Oh but, Mr. Rose, I figured I could count on you to answer,” Stacy purred.

I waited for my libido to go crazy like it did when I spoke to Santana, but there was nothing.

“How can I help you this evening, or… this morning rather?”

“Why don’t you come over here and find out?”

I had vague memories of where Stacy lived.

“Address,” I said.

Stacy offered her address quickly.

“Five minutes,” I said.

“The door will be unlocked. Find me in my bedroom. I’ll be waiting.”

I disconnected the call and tossed the phone into the passenger seat. The Infiniti showed me its muscle as I stuck a heavy foot into the pedal. What Santana and I had was friendship. There was a mutual understanding between us that we wouldn’t blend our current status. I exited the highway and made a left turn beneath an underpass. It was vital that I get my rocks off. Being around Santana had my erection on edge, and I was sure a sweet release was what I needed to refute these ridiculous feelings I was having. No divine intervention would force me on a path I wasn’t ready to take. But even as I turned into Stacy’s driveway, my mood shuffled and pulled me in the opposite direction. I shut the Infiniti down and exited the vehicle with haste, my feet taking me across Stacy’s lawn hurriedly.

The door was not only unlocked but pushed up, slightly ajar. I moved through the house and strolled purposefully down the dark hallway to Stacy’s bedroom. When I entered, she sat like an exhibition wearing nothing but a pair of thigh high pantyhose. An Eartha Kitt-like purr crawled from her throat, and her appearance should’ve made me pounce. But it didn’t. I stood there in her doorway staring at her flesh, but it was Santana’s face that I saw. When Stacy realized I wasn’t moving, she advanced toward me. As she moved, she twirled, making sure to give me a glimpse of everything she had to offer. But still, I stood, struggling with contemplation. In front of me, Stacy drifted down to her knees and reached for my belt. I watched her in silence as I continued to fight with myself. Santana and I are just friends. Nothing more, I thought. So why did it feel like I was cheating on her? I bit down on my jaw and snapped my hand around Stacy’s wrist just as my belt had become undone.

She glanced up at me with speculative eyes, and I let out a heavy breath.

“I gotta go.”

I turned and fled so fast I was practically running. I’d made it out the house and back to my car, slamming an outstretched hand on the top of it.

“Damn it!”

I jumped in and turned the engine at the same time, barely closing the door before I screeched out of Stacy’s driveway. Throwing the car in drive, I sped down the darkened street and jumped back on the highway, driving at a speed I was certain would have me in jail if spotted. I bit down on my jaw, locking my mouth in a tight squeeze as I banged my dashboard with the palm of my hand. I was feeling psychotic. Never had I allowed my emotions to rule me, and I didn’t want it to start now. It was absurd. Emotions couldn’t be trusted. You could love someone today and hate them tomorrow. I’d seen it countless times with friends and associates. Or even worst, you fall in love with someone only to lose them forever. In some tragic car accident, or home invasion. And then what? You’re left with nothing but an empty hollowness on the inside. I didn’t want that. For all my twenty-seven years, I would never get close enough to a woman where I would want her for all-time. I’d never stay around long enough.

It was my mission to make sure I didn’t end up like my father. As much as I loved him, respected him and was proud of the man he was, I didn’t want to end up marrying the love of my life, only to end up alone.

“Damn it!” I yelled again, banging the dashboard. I switched gears and exited the freeway back on Santana’s side of town. As much as I fought this, no amount of running from it was doing me any good. I was being haunted. By her image, every second I was away. So here I was pulling back in front of her mailbox. I cut the engine and didn’t bother taking the keys out of the ignition. For seconds, I sat there staring at her door.

A vicious swear fled my mouth. I tossed my arms over the steering wheel and rested my forehead on top of it as I strived for composure. My breathing was irregular as my chest heaved up and down. I shut my eyes tight and sang her name like a nursery rhyme that would make her suddenly appear. “Santana, Santana, Santana…”

I needed permission. Santana had sent me away, and I’d foolishly thought I could dismiss the turbulent desire that stirred my soul for her. What had she done to me? I didn’t recognize myself as I sat chanting her name. I was beyond sanity, and the tug of war I felt held me captive. Then my phone rang, and instead of picking it up I merely glanced at the screen to find Santana’s beautiful face smiling up at me. My heart lurched, and I sat back, snatching the phone up answering in a voice I knew sounded like some wounded animal.

“Put me out of my misery, Santana…”

I could hear her voice catch and then she spoke, low and husky, “Come back.”

It was all I needed. There was a split second between the time I left the car and was at her door knocking a malicious hand at its middle. On the other side, I could hear Santana fiddle with the lock and chain then to my glorious delight there she was. Her eyes widened at the shock of my steadfastness. Predatorily, I opened the screen door and moved inside just as she took a step back. The phone in her hand was still connected with the phone against my ear. But what held me more awestruck was the thin spaghetti strap nighty she wore. Silver and sleek, it sat against her womanly curves. Curves that were rebellious, sprouting around hips and breasts with no shame as to the allure they cast on me. I was sure my eyes darkened as the untamable creature in me awakened. Santana wore more than Stacy but standing there in the flimsy material had managed to heat my blood in such a way that I wanted to jump out of my skin.

“How did you get here so quic—”

I had no control over the way I’d taken her. So fast the remainder of her words were sucked down by my tongue. I scrambled for her, pulling her so close she was like a second layer of skin. With rough hands, I gripped her bottom and rubbed her center into my pelvis as her legs held on to my waist.

“Mmmmm,” she moaned, giving me as much as I gave. I staggered into a piece of furniture, paused, then made my way around it, desperate to find a landing, any landing where I could immerse myself in her. Santana pulled her lips from mine long enough to whisper with heavy vocals, “My bedroom is straight ahead to the left.”

Her lips were on me again. Kissing down my jaw to the base of my throat. I carried her down the long corridor a determined man. Every time her lips touched me, I burned, hotter than before. I’d stepped into her open doorway but couldn’t wait any longer. I pinned Santana against the door jamb, removing the gown that separated us. What awaited me was the most beautiful pair of breasts I’d ever seen. Creamy chocolate nipples projected over her smooth brown skin. The correlation of her flesh between her breasts wove down her tiny waistline and rode over dauntless hips. When my gaze reached her center, the heat that rocked my being blazed. Her freshly waxed mound sat perfect and plump. Ready for the taking.

“Oh my God, you’re so fucking beautiful…”

I sat Santana on her feet and crouched in front of her to gain a closer look. Her clitoris stuck out at me, almost like it teased by pushing out a tongue. A rumble sounded when I realized the primal modulation had come from me. With my hands, I spread her thighs and with the moonlight from the window, I saw her pearl glisten. She was soaked. Her clitoris and protruding labia. I looked up at her, pushing wind through my nose that caused my nostrils to flare.

“Is this for me?” I asked, my voice a dark drum.

Santana swallowed. “Yes,” she said.

My gut churned, and I touched her, easing my fingers in circles around her wetness. She inhaled a sharp breath, and I pulled my fingers back to look at them. A string of crème stretched from my fingertips to her vagina, and I took my gaze back up to her. Santana shivered, and the heat seeping from her penetrated my core. I stuck my fingers in my mouth and shut my eyes as I tasted her sweet sauce. I wanted to take my time with her. Wanted to be delicate and give her a dragging release, but I was too far gone to do so. The fact that I hadn’t taken her as soon as she’d opened the door was proof of my patience. But now, I couldn’t think, speak, or reason with being calm. I planted my mouth over her mound and sucked her in, tingling with awareness of the strawberry scent between her thighs. It raced against my skin, and my erection was painfully tearing against my shorts, dying to be unrestricted.

“Oh my God…” she moaned.

I dropped my hands to the floor and cranked my neck between her thighs where she would be complete sitting on top of my mouth. Her legs dangled over the sides of my head, and she stuck a hand against the wall to balance herself. Like a creature in the wild, I feasted on her, sticking my tongue inside her walls and sucking on the fullness of her peach.

“Jesus…” she moaned again.

Her moans became shouts, and her hands found my head as her hips rotated. Santana’s head fell back and what sounded like a gargle of moans bubbled up from her throat. Pulling my hands from the floor, I gripped her bottom and spread her cheeks further. I moved easily to a stand as I continued my assault on her.

“Josiah!” she yelled, and I only growled, making an advancement toward her bed. “Oh! I’m going to come, baby… Ah!” she screamed. Then her body trembled. “Oh God,” she said as she came madly, squirting more sweet crème onto my tongue. I drank her, slurping her soft folds as if the liquid gave me life. Her thighs clapped as her tremors continued a never-ending quake through her body. Her temperature seemed to warm even more at her climax. I didn’t loosen the grip on her sublime pussy until there was nothing left seeping out of it.

As magnificent as it was, I was starving. Santana had wet my whistle, and now I wanted the main entrée. I laid her down on the queen size mattress and stepped out of my shoes, dropped my shorts, and tossed my shirt. Her heavy lids widened at my girth, and she looked as if she’d saw a ghost. I took my hand up and down my shaft and watched her. Her tongue left her mouth to taste her lips, and she scooted to the edge of the bed.

“Here,” she said, “let me.”

I didn’t expect to feel the whirlwind of nerves when she closed her beautiful mouth around my length. But the swirling of her tongue locked me in place, and I bit down on my teeth. Reaching for her, I slid my fingers in her thick mane, putting a fierce grip on her. Up and down her mouth danced and sucked while her hands explore my balls. Santana was thorough with her skill. Making sure her mouth covered me entirely. She took me deep and didn’t gag, which was more than impressive. The feel of her hot mouth on my shaft made my toes curl, and I fought back a violent curse.

Moans escaped her and instead of coming up for air, Santana breathed through her nose. I peered down at her. Surely, I held an untamed look of nostalgia. Santana slipped back and forth on my shaft hungrily and saliva strung from the corners of her wet mouth.

“Mmmmm,” she moaned.

My head fell back. “Damn it, girl.” Santana was unrelenting, taking me complete as if she’d been waiting for this all her life. I could feel my release gaining strength. Santana was on the verge of bringing me to a missile launching orgasm.

“Shit!” I swore, biting down on my teeth. I’d never come this fast in my life, but I couldn’t contain it. I tried to remove her, but she held on strong, locking her jaws in place. “Santana…” I warned.

But her movement sped up. She was asking— no begging for me to give in to her. And I did. My nervous system ran wild, and my fingers tingled as I coated the back of her throat.

“Fuuu-ck!” I barked.

Santana continued her merciless suck, and I was certain she meant to take me down. But I wasn’t finished with her yet. I reached and pulled her to the steel wall of my chest, crushing my mouth to hers. Santana tossed her arms around my neck and pulled her legs up to holster around my waist. The feel of her naked body in my hands ignited my flame, and I put a firm squeeze on her ass. I walked us to the bed and entered her before we could join the soft mattress.

Santana’s eyes stretched as I expanded inside her heated canal. My hands sank into her flesh, and my mouth was steady at exploring hers. A rumble, dark and detrimental fled from my soul. My constant thrusting was persistent and shameless in its mission to knock her bottom out. Santana’s essence was contagious, her love overflowing with a stimulating passion.

“Damn girl, why do I want you so bad…” I asked, moving in and out of her with strength and rigor. Santana whimpered, her words momentarily stifled. She held on to me with arms wrapped around my neck. Her mouth found my earlobe, and she bit down sending a flare of heat through my body. I rocked into her, desperate to brand my love inside her.

“Oh my God…” she sobbed at my fierce assault. “I’m going to come so hard!”

I went in search of her mouth again, trailing back up her arm along her shoulder blade.

In an instant, I removed myself, scooping her up in my arms as I pulled us off the bed. On my feet, her legs straddled me, and I walked us to the nearest wall placing her between her vanity and a dresser. Santana’s eyes bugged out, and she reached for my shaft desperate to put me back inside her.

I pressed Santana’s back against the wall and spoke into her lips. “I want to put every inch of me, in every inch of you.”

Santana’s eyes glazed with passion. “If for any reason you need me to stop, our code word is, Fever,” I whispered sealing a kiss on her lips. Santana whimpered into my mouth, then swiftly I rotated her body in my arms, levitating her waist and thighs with a firm grip.

“Put your hands on the wall above your head and don’t drop them,” I commanded. Before she could respond, I entered her from behind, sinking my rock-hard erection so deep Santana shot up the solid foundation. When she bounced back against me, her slippery pussy slammed against the base of my shaft, and a bloodcurdling scream tore from her throat.

Her body trembled spasmodically, and without giving her a moment of reprieved I pulled out of her, then back in, thrusting with a nefarious plunge. A crackling of heat struck me as I pounded her ass, molding her body against mine with each torrid plow inside her. Our bodies milled and the fullness of her ass held a perfect bounce.

“Aargh!” I growled as I pummeled Santana, saturated with her heated cum. Leaning in my strokes remained long, powerful, and robust each one causing another torrent of heat to consume me.

“Aaaaaa!” Santana cried out as she sent her fist flying into the wall. She panted, and her head fell back, but no code word came from her lips. The deeper I drove into Santana, the more her back arched giving me a different angle at her depth.

“Oh my God!” Santana cried as I pressed hungry kisses against her shoulder and sank my teeth into her flesh. She slapped the wall with her hands, and a shudder wave down her soft body. I rocked her bottom, digging so deep we was sure to burst through the barrier of sheet rock that kept us separate from the next room. A wail spilled from her blissful lips, and it sang out before sinking into a whine. “I can’t… fuck… take it, baby…” she cried.

I pulled my mouth from her shoulder and growled up to her earlobe teasing her flesh with my teeth. “You know that shit turns me own, don’t you?” My hips rocked into her, and another flush of wet heat coated my shaft. “You can take it can’t you baby?” Santana’s head rolled back, and I paused my strokes to relinquish her hips. Reaching over Santana’s shoulders, I covered her hands with mine and sank my fingers between her outstretched palm that rested against the wall. My lips found her neck as I ground into her with a rhythm, compressed against her mound. With my lips against her ear, I kissed then spoke, “I’m going to fuck you, all… night… long…”

A running quiver fled down her skin. I removed my hands and reached down to prop her thighs up on my arms. With her legs spread eagle, I slipped out of her then drove into her womb again and again as she screamed my name.

“Ah, Josiah!”

The wall vibrated as we slammed against it and the mirror suspended over the dresser fell from the wall. It dived face first into the cabinet, plummeting to the floor, and I continued to rock into Santana until she screamed, “Fever!”

With her eyes shut tight, tears sprang from the corners of them, and her body shuddered as her orgasm ripped through her.

“It’s okay, I got you,” I murmured, nibbling on her shoulders as I showered her womb with all the love I had inside me. Santana trembled uncontrollably.

“Josiah…” she whined delirious, and her river continued to coat my shaft with an invigorating heat.

“Damn it, girl…”

We held each other tightly, trembling, with me kissing the side of her face and caressing her thighs. Slowly I peeled her off the wall and slipped out of her to stand Santana on her feet. She steadied, then turned, and I bent to claim her lips. Santana jumped back in my arms and we sucked each other in, dining in a complete meal with our mouths. Our breathing was ragged, and suddenly, Santana pulled back.

“I need you to hold me. Can you just hold me for a minute?” she asked.

I took us back to the bed with Santana locked against me. We laid there together with our breathing measured and our foreheads pressed against each other. I gazed into her beautiful eyes when she whispered, “I’m sorry…”

I frowned and ran through my thoughts over what she would be regretful about.

“Why are you sorry, Santana?”

Her smile was barely there, but it was her attempt to shake off her griefs.

“I’m giving you mixed signals.”

I knew instantly she was speaking in terms of turning me away before. But I was the one who was sorry. And felt the need to tell her but in my heart, I couldn’t. What would I say? More importantly, how would it make her feel to know I’d almost been in another woman’s bed? I knew Santana was feeling me, but I didn’t know how much. I also wasn’t sure if I needed to reveal my actions. Our situation wasn’t an ordinary one.

“None of that matters right now. We’ll sort out the details in the morning.”

Santana lifted her eyes to mine.

“Does that mean you’re staying?”

I tilted my head in question.

“Where else would I go, sweetheart?”

Santana’s arms tightened around my neck, and the silkiness of her heated skin made my erection rise. I knew the moment she felt me harden because a purr floated from her lips. I maneuvered between her legs, leaning in to kiss her exquisite mouth. We sank into another round of sensual love making, this time lasting throughout the long stretch of the night.





Chapter Thirteen


Santana





Awakening from my dream ushered an instant smile to my face. Rarely had reality been better than my late night restful slumber. However, with the rise of this new day, I expected to be in for a real treat. Josiah.

His name bounced around my thoughts as if he’d been a part of my life for my entire existence. It was amazing how this man made me feel. It was sensible for me to be concerned that I was falling for a skirt-chasing bachelor, but I wasn’t. After all, Josiah and I weren’t in a relationship. Not a real one anyway. But I couldn’t deny that he made me feel like his only girl whenever we were together. Even before my crazy proposition, he’d treated me with respect as if I was the only girl in the world.

I tried looking at my life decisions in the best way. I wanted to see the good in everything. I knew our state of affairs had its set of challenges. One. The deal. Our agreement was clear, and I was easily falling in love with him. Damage could be done to my heart, and I’d put myself in this position. But I chose to think about everything that could go right. What if, Josiah was the guy for me? I snickered and rolled to a sit inside my queen size bed. The other side was vacant, but I knew he was still around.

I could smell breakfast cooking. I wiggled off the bed and landed on my feet, staggering. I almost lost my balance, and my vagina ached with a jubilant pain. My arm shot out to the bed’s post to steady myself. Josiah.

I wanted to get to him, but I needed to shower first. The thought crossed my mind to ask him if he’d like to join. But the soreness between my thighs thought better of it. I wasn’t a regular when it came to sex. Honestly, I couldn’t remember the last time I’d been with someone. My past encounters were of meager flings and my high school boyfriend who was now an up and coming rapper. Who knew?

I padded to the bathroom and turned on the shower. Because I was already naked, I grabbed a housecoat and hung it on the back of the door then stepped inside the dual shower. The warm water against my skin was numbing, and suddenly, I wished I had asked Josiah to accompany me. I stood under the fall of the showerhead and wondered if he would spend a little time here today. I was ready to take advantage of what each hour would bring, but not without him. Showering quickly, I washed, rinsed, and tied a towel around me not, wanting to keep Josiah waiting. After brushing my teeth and combing my hair, I wrapped myself in the housecoat and left the bathroom to make my way to the kitchen. I pulled my hair behind my ear and smiled as I entered.

“Good morning,” I greeted.

Josiah smiled up at me with a grin. “Good afternoon,” he countered.

I glanced up at the clock on the wall.

“So it is afternoon. Wow, I must have been exhausted.”

“So it seems,” he said with a smirk. “I made us some breakfast. I hope you don’t mind.”

“We’re having brunch?”

“Yeah.”

“Cool.”

I floated up to him and offered him a half of a hug in which he pulled me into the embrace of a toasty cocoon.

“Wassup with this half a hug, girl?”

I placed both arms around his neck, and he absorbed me, brushing his lips on my face. His warmness laminated my skin, and I wanted to shed my house coat.

“Showered without me, huh?”

I gasped and pulled back. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know if you’d want to get in or if you should,” I half spoke, and half whispered.

Josiah gave me a questionable look.

“Let’s make a deal,” he said.

“Another one?” I shouted.

He laughed, and I couldn’t help but chuckle with him.

“Yes,” Josiah brought his hands to cup the sides of my face. “Another one,” he agreed. “We will never assume something about one another. If we have a question, we’ll just ask.”

“Agreed,” I said.

He bent down and kissed my lips, and I teetered on the edges of my toes to meet him halfway.

“So, last night was—”

“Incredible,” I shot out.

An incredulous smile spread across his lips.

“There are so many other words to describe it, but incredible is undeniably one of them,” he surmised.

A flutter of warmth dissolved inside me, and I blushed, dropping my eyes from his.

“Have a seat so I can serve you,” Josiah said.

I perched a hip on the kitchenette barstool while he put a plate in front of me with scrambled eggs, diced hash browns, turkey bacon, and grits. On a separate smaller plate, he added, strawberries, mango and orange slices. A third plate held toast, waffles, and pancakes. My eyes grew at the enormity of what he’d prepared.

“All of this is for me?”

Josiah chuckled. “Have as much as you like. I know when we spent time in Houston, you ate a very hearty breakfast, so I figured you’d do the same now that you live here in Chicago.”

“Did you just pleasantly call me fat?”

Josiah tossed the hand towelette he’d been using down on the counter and strolled around to me. His arms circled my waist, and his mouth touched the outer reins of my earlobe.

“I would never do such a thing. I love the way you eat. It’s sexy, and I need to make sure you keep these hips happy. Wouldn’t want you looking like a skeleton, now would we?”

I guffawed as he nibbled against my cheeks, making me squirm. Josiah pulled back chuckling and went to claim his seat, pouring a glass of orange juice.

“Would you like juice or water?”

“Water for me,” I said.

Josiah winked and poured me a glass of water. When his arms stretched across the table to grip my hands, I dropped my head instantly, knowing he wanted to pray over our food. I listened to his deep voice speak to God about blessings and guidance. His smooth vocals danced along my skin, and I silently asked God to forgive me if my mind slipped into the gutter. It was easy to do around Josiah.

“Amen,” he ended.

“Amen,” I agreed.

We ate in silence for a minute, and this felt so ordinary. I’d never gotten so much pleasure out of a simple morning or afternoon brunch. But I knew it was the person who occupied this space with me that brought me the most joy. During our time in Houston, Josiah had been there for my every need. Even when there was nothing I wanted, he managed to have something for me. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, car service. He even had Norma, the woman who’d practically raised him to come up to help with things like dry cleaning and such. Norma was their housekeeper, but to them she was Nana. She’d been in the family’s household since their mother passed.

Josiah hadn’t spoken much about his mother. From what he’d said, he was barely walking when the home invasion that took his mother’s life happened. But Norma was such a delight to be around, and she instantly grew on me. I pulled my sight from the hearty meal to Josiah’s angled face. Such strong features and a pristine contrast of brown skin.

“This is good,” I said, speaking openly about the food but inwardly about everything else.

“I think so, too. I’m glad you like it.” He winked.

I smirked and shook my head. “Cocky much?”

A full-on smile cast across his face. “Just a little,” he confessed.

I giggled. “I wanted to ask you a question.”

“Ask away,” he said.

“How did you get here so fast last night?”

Josiah sat his fork down, and his eyes traced over my face.

“I’d been sitting out there for about ten minutes before you called.”

This brought surprise to me.

“But I checked for you a few minutes after coming inside, and you were gone.”

Josiah was silent for a moment before he spoke again.

“Yeah, I’d left but didn’t quite make it home.”

“Oh,” I said, still wondering what made him come back.

“Why did you call?” he asked.

I took a sip of my water.

“I, um, didn’t want to be alone.” It came out as if I was bored, and needed company, so I rephrased my statement. “I mean, I wanted you to stay.”

I took another strand of hair behind my ear.

“Why didn’t you say that before I left?”

I watched him pick up his O.J. and take a gulp.

“I don’t know. I guess I wasn’t sure what I wanted at the time.”

“You weren’t sure?”

“I mean. Well… I was, but I didn’t know if asking you to stay was the right move with us pretending to be a couple. You know I’d hate for something silly to happen like, me thinking you care about me when we’ve both agreed to pretend to be a couple in public.”

I was beginning to ramble. It only happened when I was nervous, and I was no friend to anxiety.

“But I do care for you, Santana. Very much.”

A thrill of pleasure ran through me, and my nerves jumped to the edge. I smiled. “I care about you, too, Josiah.” I reached for my water again, needing to quench the rising heat that sat in my belly. After getting a new sip, I sat my glass back down.

“When was the last time you’ve been in a relationship if you don’t mind me asking?”

Josiah smiled at me and his tongue move inside his mouth. “You should’ve asked me that before you agreed to become my wife.”

A torching heat covered me, and my brows shot up. Using those words rattled me in more ways than one. I laughed it off, but the sound held nervousness.

“You’re right about that,” I said.

“It’s too late. You’ll be Mrs. Josiah Alexander Rose in no time.”

More heat sheltered me. Josiah didn’t have an issue making jokes about being married, but I was beginning to think I’d screwed up. What forced me to think I could pretend to be his wife? I must be crazy. My silence made him reach out to me.

“Hey, everything okay?”

I must’ve drifted off into space because I was no longer smiling but looking off into the distance.

“I’m fine,” I said. “What are your plans for today?”

Josiah pulled back, readjusting his posture as he sat upright.

“I’ve got a meeting with Samantha Lean, my father’s assistant. I told him that I had signed the papers to his agreement, but I haven’t. I need to get it done so she can quit blowing my phone up. Afterwards, I plan on going into the dealership. It’s interesting though—I feel like doing none of those things.”

“What do you feel like doing?”

He held me under an intense stare before I realized I was holding my breath.

“What are your plans today, Santana?”

I shrugged and bit down on the corner of my lip. “I’m on leave at work, so I’ll probably just hang out and watch a couple of movies. You’re welcomed to join me if you don’t think it would bore you to death.”

“I don’t think doing anything with you would bore me,” he said.

“Aww, that’s so sweet,” I crooned, batting my eyes at him.

He traced his upper lip with his tongue. “You know you’re sexy when you do that.”

“What, this?” I bat my eyes again, and a rumble fled from him. Josiah moved from his seat, making it around the table to me in a flash and scooping me up in his arms.

“Come here, girl, what are you trying to do to me?”

I squealed. “Make you fall in love,” I said.

His movements slowed, and his hand scurried across my cheek as he got an in-depth look at my features.

“Is that right…” he said.

“It’s my job. Our love has to appear natural when we’re in front of others.”

I’d uttered that out trying to cover for blurting my previous statement. A mind was a terrible thing to waste, and I’d let my thoughts spill out of my mouth. How gullible, Santana. My latest statement didn’t seem to show favor on him. For a split second, his face fell, but then he recovered.

“So, are you making a list or something?” he asked.

“A list?”

“Of things to do that will make me fall in love with you or appear to be,” he revised.

I puckered my lips. “Not a physical list. I have a good memory, so the more you tell me about things you like, the more often I can practice them in public, so your response is genuine.”

“You’ve figured this whole thing out, haven’t you?”

“Since I’m the one who proposed this crazy agreement, I need to make sure it’s properly executed, don’t you think?”

Josiah watched me for a long moment and the warmth of his skin laid against mine in a subtle rest. He agreed with a nod of his head before releasing me to gather my empty plate and take it to the sink.

“You don’t have to wash those. Where I come from, the person who cooks get to take a load off while the others wash dishes.”

“That’s a nice tradition,” Josiah commented, “but where I come from, we all give a helping hand in cleaning the kitchen whether we eat or not. Would you like to help me, Santana?”

I smiled. “Sure.” As I settled next to him, we moved quietly but in sync with him washing and me rinsing. From time to time, our hips would bump from our proximity, and then he’d purposefully stick a carved hip out to throw me off-balance. I’d laugh and sprinkle him with water, and he’d toss a splash at me. When we were done, I couldn’t help myself. I grabbed a cup from the dish drain and filled it quickly with the soapy suds and tossed it at his chest. Immediately, I dropped the cup and took off running.

As I ran, a squeal shrieked out, and I slid around the kitchen table to flee into the living room. Josiah caught me before I made it to the couch and his fingers tickled my sides as I coughed up a thread of giggles.

“Un huh,” he said as his tickle torture continued. “I’ve got you now.”

My head fell back, and my laughter grew as tears fell from the corners of my eyes. I tried urgently to escape him, but it was no use.

“Oh my God, I’m so sorry!” I laughed. “Please, Josiah!”

We fell into the couch, and his hands circled my waist, pulling me against his solid frame. I straddled his lap and reached for his fingers to make sure he wouldn’t go to tickle war on me again. Our laughter died down, and our eyes met as we both felt the electric warmth pulse around us. Josiah’s eyes dropped to my robe. I glanced down and found it partially open with a sample of cleavage on display. When I looked back to him, the dark glow in his eyes held me captive. Slowly, his hands moved to untie the loosened belt, opening it further to reveal more of my bare skin. Josiah’s nostrils flared at the sight of my breasts, and he leaned forward to suck in a distended nipple.

“Mmmm, Josiah…” I moaned with my hands clasping the sides of his head. Strong arms tightened around me as the robe hung off my bare shoulders in a heap around my waist. The pleasure of his tongue sucking my breasts sent a riveting heat on a rampage to my center.

“Ssssss, aaah! Baby…” I crooned, my vagina walls pulsating with the energy around us.

Josiah licked and sucked my areolas, going from one to the other, then putting them both together to tease them concurrently. My eyes closed, and I was transported to a place where only we existed.

I love you, baby… My eyes shot open as the words branded in my memory, and my breath quickened. Josiah’s lips left my breast to trail up my chest, neck, collar bone, and face. When he made it to my chin, I closed them again as he sucked my lips into his warm mouth. My hunger for him was pronounced. I leaned into him and moaned, reaching down to remove the robe completely. I was naked underneath, and when Josiah’s eyes got a clear look, he drank in my nudity with thirst.

“Have I told you how beautiful you are?” his gruff voice asked.

“Yes,” I responded.

“Today?” he questioned with eyes traveling over my heated skin.

I giggled. “Not today, silly.”

“You are so fuckin’ beautiful, Santana.”

I reached for his shirt and pulled it over his head then I stood to my feet.

“Where are you going?” he inquired.

I smiled seductively. “Where do you want me?”

Josiah stood to his feet and removed his boxer briefs. His manhood sprang out, and I had to wonder if I was seeing things. Was it that big last night? I must have looked stricken because he chuckled and said, “It’s okay. You can handle it. That I’m sure of.”

I touched my throat, not so sure if he was correct in that statement. He reached out to grab me, and I squealed again as I climbed into his arms. Vigorously, Josiah grabbed my derriere and drug the head of his penis over my vagina before thrusting into me savagely.

“Oh… My… God…”

Josiah nibbled on my lips. “You’re okay. I got you.”

I was afraid I’d put him in a choke hold with the tight squeeze my arms had on his neck.

“I want you on top,” he said, coasting back to the sofa to sit.

His lips fused with mine, and I moved up and down his shaft carefully. My womb opened to accept his stringent erection, causing me to bite down on his lip and draw blood. I gasped.

“Oh my God, I’m so sorry!”

Josiah lifted a brow. “Not as sorry as I’m about to be.” He held my waist and pumped in and out of my wet heat with propelling thrusts. My head fell, and I shouted out a scream each time my ass met the base of his shaft. My hands clutched his shoulders as more tears streamed down my eyes, except this time they were not because of uncontrolled laughter but unbridled passion. The all seducing pleasurable pain rocked my soul, and I was crazy enough to help him kill me by pulling my feet up to brace my weight as he plunged into me.

A territorial growl fled from him. “Shit!” he barked. “This pussy is so sublime,” he said.

I delighted in his words and offered my own sentiments. “And this dick is the best I’ve ever had.”

He pounded into me, shooting us to the moon and stars above. We were no longer in my living room but in space, floating around the planets. My nails dug into his shoulders, and I bit down on my jaw while simultaneously crying and shouting his name.

“Baby, I can’t hold it too much longer,” I said with an apology on the tip of my tongue.

Josiah pulled out of me and the moment of bereft left me empty and searching for him the same as it did last night. Standing up with me in his arms, Josiah flipped me and bent me over the couch. I braced my arms over the top and arched my back while standing on my feet. At the same time, I felt his naked skin, I felt his engorge shaft immerse in me.

“Oh!” I sang and my toes instantly curled as a heat wave shot down my leg and stirred in the arch of my feet. “Aaaah!” I moaned as Josiah plunged with long strokes bringing me to the brink of a wicked orgasm. This feeling was euphoric, and I didn’t want our session to end. I held on to my climax while Josiah pushed inside me bluntly. His massive hands rode up my waist, back, and around to grip my neck. He coached me down to my knees and my bottom bounced off his shaft as the slaps from our love clapped around the room. A rush of tingles shot to my clitoris and my mouth opened as my head fell back.

“Oh God…” I moaned. “I never want to be touched by anyone else again,” I blurted.

Josiah released my throat and covered me with his arms.

“Oh yeah,” he said. “Me either,” he whispered in my ear as his strokes became tumultuously dangerous.

“Oh my God, Josiah… Oh my God!” I panted as I was covered in an array of hot tingles. “I’m coming now! I can’t— Josiah!”

Josiah sucked on my earlobe as I creamed down his manhood. My inner walls pulsed as an orgasm shot through my body. Josiah’s speed increased and a scream tore from my throat. My body continued to rock as my orgasm continued to rain down on him. It was mind numbing and cataclysmic.

When Josiah came, he let out a string of profanity that sent chills down my skin. He held me tight, and our breathing calmed, but the elevation I just experienced left me deaf for seconds after. I knew I would never find another lover like Josiah, and I hated to think one day we wouldn’t be together. But for now, I delighted in the closeness of our hearts and imagined that maybe one day what we pretended to have could be real.





Chapter Fourteen





Josiah didn’t go to work. Nor did he see Samantha Lean. We spent the entire day together watching movies, being flirty, and talking about our plan for the family barbeque this weekend. After eating dinner, Josiah had prompted the question about why I’d taken a leave of absence from work. Needless to say, he was more than upset when I gave him the answer.

“You’re finding another job,” he demanded.

“Josiah, it’s not that simple.”

“Yes, it is. I’ll call in some favors.”

I pursed my lips and strolled up to him.

“You’re so sweet, but I don’t want you to do that. I’d feel responsible if you owed anyone anything.”

“Santana, the last thing I care about is owing someone a favor when my lady is being harassed at work. What would you have me do, beat his ass or call in a favor?”

Josiah had just rattled me even more. I didn’t think he even noticed that he had called me his lady. Or maybe he did, and he was just keeping up with our plan. I couldn’t deny that his protectiveness turned me on. The more time I spent with him, the more I wanted only him. For real.

“Tell me this,” I began, “what should we tell our close friends about us? I’m asking because last night at The Dream Lounge Carla showed me a picture of us on social media. We were at the restaurant going to our table. They all wanted to know what was up with you and me. So, what should I tell them?”

“What did you?”

“I told them we were just friends and if there were anything more, they’d know when I knew.”

“Good diversion.” He chuckled wryly.

“When we get to this barbeque, we won’t be able to hide our relationship. So should we just let them assume we’re together?”

“I think so,” he said. “And I should also meet your parents.”

Taken slight back, I stuttered, “My-my parents?”

“Yeah,” he crooned. “That’s what people do when they get serious about each other, right?”

I gave him a quick smile, “Right…”

“You don’t want to tell them?”

“No. I mean, I didn’t think that part through.” I tapped my top lip with my finger in thought. Suddenly my stomach was in knots, and I wasn’t feeling so well. When it came to Barbara and Nathan Summers, they had asked me for years when would I start dating someone. I think at one point in time my mother thought I was gay. But I was focused on my career and men were at the bottom of the totem pole.

“You look sick,” Josiah said. “I get the feeling you’re not happy about me meeting your parents.”

“It’s not that, it’s just… I know they’ll be excited. They’ve waited a long time for me to bring a man home.” The thrill in my voice dropped. “I just always thought it would be tangible and not counterfeit.”

Josiah placed his hands on my shoulders and drove them up my neck to cup my face. “What you’re doing for me, Santana, is bigger than you’ll ever know. I don’t want you to worry about bringing home a fake boyfriend,” he said. I gave him a questionable look. “Let’s make it official.” Josiah took my hand and led me to the couch where we sat.

He leaned toward the end table and lifted the notepad and pen that sat on top. I watched him scribble something down then he handed the note to me. The words Will you be my girlfriend? were written, with Yes and No beneath it, each with a check box. I threw my arms around my waist and giggled.

“Josiah,” I laughed, “what is this?” I held the notepad out with a cheerful smile on my face.

“What does it look like? I asked you a question.”

I laughed some more and covered my mouth at the serious expression on his handsome features.

“You’re so sweet,” I said. “You don’t have to ask me to be your girlfriend to keep my parents happy.” I giggled more at his cute attempt to make our situation lighter.

“But I want you to be my girlfriend, Santana.”

My laughter faded, and I sat up straight, trying to grasp if he was joking.

“You’re serious?”

“Yes.”

He took my hands in his, and my eyes fell to the joining of them.

“You know if I’m your girlfriend then our pretending becomes real,” I said then shook my head. “No, not right now. Let’s just stick with our arrangement, and after that’s over, we’ll take it from there.”

“So that’s a no. You don’t want to be my girlfriend.”

“I don’t want to confuse things, Josiah. That’s all. I’d rather we do things one at a time. Let’s finish what we’ve started, and if you still want me to be your girlfriend, we’ll take it from there.”

I was repeating myself. I did that when I got nervous.

Josiah stood. “Okay then.” He reached for me, and I glided to him. “Come walk me to your door.”

“You’re leaving?”

“Did you want me to stay?”

“I just assumed you would since we’ve spent the day together. Hey, you aren’t mad, are you?”

“About what?”

I watched him carefully for a long second then shook my head.

“Nothing, it must just be me.”

Josiah bent forward and placed a gentle kiss on my lips and caressed my face.

“I’ll see you later.”

He strolled to the front door, and I trailed awkwardly behind him. Josiah didn’t glance back as he stepped outside and left the porch. I watched him climb into his Infiniti, and my stomach knotted. I didn’t like the lumbering feeling that sat in my gut. Had I upset him? Truthfully, Josiah and I got along so great I wanted a real relationship with him. But I didn’t want it to happen because he felt an obligation to me. I wanted what I offered him to be plain and simple. I didn’t see a problem with us waiting until things were clear before we embarked on a genuine relationship. But I was now beginning to think I’d made a mistake.

Josiah grinned and hit his horn than pulled off down the road. I closed the door and checked the time on the wall. It was close to ten o’clock. I turned out all the lights and took a quick shower, brushed my teeth, and tied my hair down before crawling into bed. However, Josiah’s scent had been left behind in my sheets. I knew I should probably change them, but I had no desire to. And I hoped like hell it wouldn’t be the last time I smelled his fragrance coupled around me.





The next day, I’d made myself busy doing things I did on a regular basis like spring cleaning. I’d changed into a pair of jeans I wore whenever I painted, which was not often. I wasn’t one to move around much, but the recent relocation from Houston to Chicago put me in the mood to paint every room in my house. So, there I was in paint-stained jeans, a T-shirt that held a few holes, with my hair tied up in a knot on the top of my head. I grabbed a bucket, some Fabuloso cleaner, a feather duster, and started in my bedroom. When I say I spring cleaned the house, I mean every corner, nook, and cranny. By the time I’d made it to the kitchen, my ankles ached and that was saying a lot.

I’d missed the whole day getting things straightened out, and I was sure the music coming from the MP3 earplugs helped with that. During this time, thoughts of Josiah were sporadic. I was trying to keep my mind focused on everything but him. Why? Because it was unhealthy not to do so. But every time the soft melodies of Musiq Soulchild, Raphael Saadiq, and Anthony Hamilton streamed through my plugs, I found my thoughts going right where I was trying to keep them from. Josiah. At the end of the day, I checked my cell to find I had a single text message from him.

Good morning, beautiful. You have an interview with the Chicago Chronicle and the Illinois Tribune tomorrow. Your first appointment is at 11 am with Lauren Hathaway. The second is at 2 pm with Van Stone. I know you’ll knock it out the park. Talk to you later.

I smiled and rubbed my thumb over the phone’s screen. It hadn’t even been twenty-four hours, and already Josiah had managed to score me two interviews. My smile brightened, and my heart thumped thinking about how sweet he was to me. I hit reply and sent a message back.

Hey you, I just saw your text. I’ve been off the grid for a while but thank you, Josiah. You really didn’t have to.

I blushed and clutched my phone as I waited for his reply.

I told you I would. You’ll do great. Oh, and stay on the grid, woman. I won’t have you going dark on me.

I smiled, and a tingle fled through my spirit. I love you…

I wanted to type it, but I had a feeling I was alone when it came to loving Josiah. It was another reason I hesitated when he asked me to be his girlfriend. If we were right for each other, it would happen, and Josiah would be as enamored with me as I was with him.

The next morning, I entered the Chicago Chronicle with my head held high. I’d chosen a high-waisted full navy blue and white polka dot skirt, ruffled blouse, and three-inch heels as my interview attire. In my hand, I held a briefcase and my recommendation letter from the Houston Report. As I sat in the waiting room, I crossed my legs and swayed with a light bounce.

“Ms. Summers,” a woman called.

I rose and smiled up at her.

“Follow me,” she said.

I made my way back into a large corner office overlooking the city. The Chicago Chronicle was the biggest local newspaper. Getting a position here could propel my career to its highest level. We sat, and Mrs. Hathaway offered me a cup of coffee. For the thirty minutes of the interview, we talked about my move to Chicago, my current job at the school, and my relationship with Josiah. I found it interesting that Mrs. Hathaway was intrigued by the way Josiah and I met. When I felt the conversation getting too personal, I switched gears and kindly edged our way back to my professional expertise.

I stood and strolled to her after pulling my portfolio out of my briefcase. I offered her a copy of the recommendation letter, which she gladly took.

“This is impressive,” she said, glancing over my credentials. Mrs. Hathaway looked to me. “We have an opening that we need filled immediately. How soon can you start?”

My eyes popped. “I’d need to give notice to my current employer, so I would say two weeks give or take.”

Mrs. Hathaway reached out to shake my hand. “You’re hired. If you have time today, we can start the paperwork and set your official hire date two weeks from now. Would that be a long enough notice to give your employer?”

“Yes. Certainly.”

“Good. You wouldn’t have a problem with a background check, would you?” she asked.

“No, definitely not,” I smiled.

“Fabulous.”

I glanced at the clock on the wall and thought about my second interview. Accepting a gig at the Chicago Chronicle was a no-brainer, but I didn’t want to stand off the second interview I had with the Illinois Tribune. Mrs. Hathaway noticed my mental struggle.

“Is anything wrong?”

“I have another appointment at two. I just need to cancel it.”

“Oh no problem, I’ll have you out of here before then.”

“Oh great!”

I sat down and got comfortable while Mrs. Hathaway left the office to grab a new hire package. While she was away, I shot a quick text message to Josiah.

I got the job!

A second passed before I received a text back.

Congratulations, beautiful. I had no doubt you wouldn’t.

The smile on my face was large and in charge. I squealed inwardly.

What should I do about the second interview? It feels weird to cancel it.

Mrs. Hathaway re-entered the room and handed me so many forms I wondered if I was applying to work at the White House. The phone vibrated in my lap, and I glanced at the screen.

I’ll take care of it. We should celebrate, I’m taking you out to dinner tonight. Eight pm.

I smiled again but didn’t respond. I wanted to get this paperwork filled out and find something sexy to wear for our date. But why? I told myself I needed to be proper when we were in public. It was the perfect situation for me to show how much I cared for him without feeling ridiculous about it.

Leaving the Chicago Chronicle with my spirits high was everything. I got into my car and drove to the mall. I wasn’t too much experienced with dating, so my wardrobe could use a facelift. My phone rang, and I answered quickly.

“Hello,” I sang.

“Hey girl, what’re you up to? I haven’t heard from you in a few days.”

“I’m excellent now that you ask, Carla.”

“Sounds like you’ve got some juice, tell me about it. I could use some inspiration.”

“What’s wrong?”

“I think I’m just feeling blue about my job, girl.”

“Carla,” I said, “you haven’t been looking for another job?”

“Nooo,” she whined.

“Why not?”

“I don’t know. I guess I’m just hoping for the best.”

I scoffed. “Carla, if you know without a shadow of a doubt that your drug test will come back positive, then you need to be looking for something else.”

“Can we please talk about anything other than that? What are you doing and where are you going?”

I pulled my shoulders back and peered at the screen.

“Who says I’m going anywhere?”

“I can hear your radio playing in the background.”

I reached for the dial and turned it down.

“I’m on my way to the mall, pulling up in the parking lot as we speak.”

“Oooh, shopping is always nice. What’s the occasion?”

I hesitated, knowing this probably wouldn’t be the perfect time to tell Carla about my position at the newspaper.

“Josiah is taking me to dinner tonight.”

“Santana, are you all dating?”

“Yes,” I said firmly. “We are.”

A high-pitched squeal sounded through my ear, and I pulled the phone back and squinted until Carla was done.

“Oh my God, that is so exciting. It’s you. You’re the next one to get hitched by one of those fine ass Rose brothers.”

“I don’t know about all that,” I said.

“What do you mean? It seems like one by one, they’re all turning in their playa cards for love and mark my words. You’re next!”

My smile was bright. Carla’s words were very encouraging, but I reminded myself that our relationship wasn’t a real one. Just that thought deflated me.

“Listen, don’t get all excited, we’re talking about Josiah here.”

“What is that supposed to mean?”

I exited my car and hit the alarm on my keypad. It chirped, and I sauntered across the street into The Shops at North Bridge Mall. My heels clicked against the vinyl tile as I headed straight for the bank of elevators.

“We’ve talked about this before,” I said. “Hold on for just a second, Carla.” I shifted the strap that was tied to my handbag and dug in the pocket for my Bluetooth. After adjusting the device on my ear, I dropped my smartphone inside my purse and continued my walk to Nordstrom’s.

“Hey, Carla, can you hear me?”

“Yeah.”

“So, as I was saying. Josiah’s young. I’d be foolish to think he’s ready for marriage.”

“Oh, girl, pa-lease!”

I stopped walking at Carla’s heavy insinuation.

“What?” I shrugged.

“You’ll have to come better than that. You talk like the man is sixteen. Honey, he’s in his late-twenties. Josiah knows what he wants.”

“How do you know?” I asked, making my way into the store.

“It’s not rocket science. Look, consider this. Josiah was raised in a strong male household. I’m sure his values are very different from most twenty somethings.”

She had a point, but I didn’t want to let her know it.

“I hear you.”

“Do you,” she shot back.

“I do.”

I browsed through summer dresses before pulling a few off and heading to the dressing room.

“I should’ve been right there with you. I could use some retail therapy. How much vacation time did you put in at work?”

“Initially a week, which ends in three days. But I just got a new job, so I’m going to put in my two weeks’ notice.”

The phone went silent.

“Hello, Carla?”

“I’m so happy for you I could cry.”

“Aww, are you?”

“Yes, I am, but I am jealous as hell.”

We laughed.

“Where did you get another job?”

I paused for dramatic effect. “The Chicago Chronicle.”

Carla gasped then squealed, and I did a little dance in the dressing room as I stepped into the thin gown.

“I know!” I said, excitement bubbling over. “That’s why Josiah is taking me to dinner. He wants to celebrate.”

“Girl, you are on some love-struck shit over there. I can’t even relate!”

I tossed back my head and laughed.

“Tomorrow, his family is having what he called their annual barbeque, and he wants me there.”

“Dang, I want to go! He got about fifty thousand other brothers. Maybe I can bag one of them.”

I laughed again and slapped the wall in the dressing room.

“Hey, you never know. If you really want to go, I’ll ask Josiah if it’s okay that I bring you.”

“Um, why hell yes I want to go!”

My laughter continued. I could see Carla standing with a hand on her hip going into a circle neck roll and lip pop. I twirled in the mirror and loved the way the see-through lace fit my breast snugly down to my waist. From there, silk material flared at my hips stretching to my knees. I felt like Mary Poppins. Well, the updated, sophisticated, sexy as hell version if I did say so myself.

“Well, you need to get yourself together, sweetie, because I’m sure he’ll say yes.”

“You’re sure?”

“Yes. My Josiah’s a sweetheart. He never tells me no.”

“Wait one minute!” Carla said. “Your Josiah? Never tells you no! Girl, you have been holding out, and I don’t appreciate it. If you could’ve heard that damn dreamy sigh you just spoke all that with! Oh my God, Santana, you’re in love!”

My stomach balled, and my throat tightened.

“Don’t be ridiculous. I’m in very strong like,” I said.

“The hell you are! Meet me at my house in fifteen minutes,” she yelled.

“Why?”

“Because I said so that’s why.”

I let out a heavy sigh knowing Carla was about to question me to death but I’d hidden my passions for Josiah for as long as I could. So now it was time for me to spill the tea.





Chapter Fifteen





“Okay now, you’ve got to make this quick.”

Carla folded her arms as she readjusted herself in the passenger seat.

“What’s the rush. Your date isn’t for another few hours.”

“I’ll need that time to get ready.”

Carla looked me up and down. “What’s wrong with what you have on?”

“It’s what I wore to my interview.”

“It’s still hot. I like it,” she offered.

“Well, thanks. I think Mrs. Hathaway liked it, too.”

At Carla’s puzzled look, I explained. “The lady who hired me.”

“Oh, your new boss,” she popped with a little stank in her voice.

“Don’t be mad. Look at it this way. Once I get my foot in the door, I can check out what other positions they have available and get you on.”

Carla’s frown spread slowly into a reassuring smile. “Yeah you can!” she said.

I nodded. “See and you were getting ready to give me major attitude.”

“Not major.” She pierced her fingers together. “Just a little.”

“Mmhmm.”

“So, since you’re in a rush, I need a quick favor.”

My eyes rose in surprise. “I’m listening.”

“Can you introduce me to Jacob?”

I sat back in my seat. “Josiah’s brother?”

“Yeah…”

“How do you know him?”

“Duh, I’ve seen him on every major news channel just like all the others, and he is gorgeous.” She swooned.

I dropped my eyes to her. “What if he’s a dog?”

Carla pushed air out of her lips with a frown. “What is up with you?”

“What?”

“You know those brothers don’t dog women!”

“I don’t mean like that. But he has all the potential to be a heartbreaker just like the rest of them.”

“Well hell, maybe that’s a chance I’m willing to take. Just introduce me!” She pouted. “We’ll work out the specifics later.”

I smirked. “Girl, is that why you had me come all the way over here?”

“No. I wanted to get all in your business, but you tryna rush a sister.”

I pursed my lips, unsure if I believed her. “I’ll see what I can do, but I don’t know Jacob that well.”

“You can put a bug in Josiah’s ear. Like you said before, he never tells you no.” Carla winked, and I couldn’t be mad at her for using me.

“All right girl, I got your back. Now get out. I’ve got to get going.”

“Yeah, yeah, I’m out.”

Carla climbed out of the car and traipsed to the sidewalk to check her mailbox.

“See you tomorrow,” I chimed, pulling off to go get ready for my date with Josiah.





When I opened my front door, Josiah stood there dapper in a Giorgio Armani suit that tailored his muscled physique with splendor. My nipples hardened immediately, and I found myself in awe with the way his sheer presence made me feel. Chills rose on my skin as my eyes traveled down his suave excellence to the sharp shoes that held a shine liked they’d been buffed to perfection. Besides his striking appearance, the way Josiah looked at me with a lethal perusal tightened my areolas to the point where I was certain they were now bulging through the lace top of my gown.

“Good evening,” I said. “You sure know how to clean up, don’t you?”

A lazy grin tugged at his lips. “Thank you,” he said. “And your beauty is beyond stunning.” He held his arm out. “Shall we?”

I roped my arm through his, and we left the house. Inside his car, a buzzing energy wafted around us, tantalizing and electric. I’d taken measures to make my appearance stand out, and already my panties were useless.

“Do you mind?” Josiah said, turning to a rhythm and blues station.

“Not at all. I could use a good tune.”

“Yeah?”

I smiled. “Yeah.”

Josiah elevated the volume and reached for my hand linking our fingers together. His warm touch sent shivers flying through me and my heart kicked with an erratic beat. The Infiniti cruised down the highway, and it wasn’t until we were twenty minutes down the road that I realized I was unaware where we were headed. But when we pulled into the Veranda, I knew I’d be in for a treat.

“I’ve never eaten here.”

Josiah gave me that sexy grin. “I was hoping you hadn’t.”

He pulled in front of the door and valet took over the driver’s seat while I placed my hand in Josiah’s pro-offered one. Arm and arm, we sailed into the restaurant and waited all of ten seconds before being seated.

“Wow, that was quick, and this place is crowded,” I said. “This is the type of restaurant where you had to make reservations months in advance to get a seat.”

“Six months,” Josiah corrected.

My eyes rose. “Are you serious?”

“Afraid so.”

Suddenly, my mind began to swirl. Six months ago, I didn’t know Josiah, so I had to wonder who he’d made these reservations for. The thoughts twisted my stomach. But I held off from asking. A man walked up to our table dressed down in a chef’s hat jacket and pants.

“Good evening, mademoiselle,” he greeted. The chef turned toward Josiah. “Monsieur Rose, I cannot tell you what a pleasure it is to have you and your companion here at Veranda tonight. Your meal is on the house. The only thing I ask in return is a quick picture for our wall of fame.”

The chef pointed to the wall that ran around the elegant restaurant with pictures of celebrities from James Brown, Michael Jackson, Taylor Swift, Oprah Winfrey, Gladys Knight, and others.

Josiah dipped his head. “Of course, as long as my lady doesn’t mind it.” He brought those sexy eyes to me that I’d dreamed about countless times since his departure a few days ago.

“Oh no, I don’t.” I smiled.

“Parfait!” the chef said delightedly. “Tell me what you would like to eat, and I’ll make it personally and bring it out to you.”

Josiah grinned. “I was wondering if you could put on a show for my lady as you cook your masterpiece.”

The chef’s eyes rose with elation, and I looked on quizzically.

“If you’ll follow me, I have the perfect seats for you to enjoy this rendition of a meal.”

Josiah stood to his feet and helped me to mine. We followed the chef through the restaurant, and I could feel the heat from Josiah’s hand sitting at the small of my back. Curious eyes stared at us as we made our way through. This upscale restaurant was no stranger to famous faces, but still, I caught a few pictures snap at us as we moseyed through. The chef pulled up to an open grill much like the one I’d seen in Montego Bay and sat us at a table attached to the lining of it.

I looked at Josiah. “So, this is where they hide the jewels of the city,” I said.

Josiah gave me a devilish grin, “Not all jewels,” he responded, pulling my seat out. I sat and got comfortable while Josiah took his place. The chef stood in front of us and with a sprinkle of oil, the grill flamed and a fire held with an orange glow. I smiled and crossed my legs. Josiah pulled me close and my back settled into the firmness of his chest. We lounged and watched the chef cook up a meal with a spirited performance.

“I never knew watching someone cook could be so entertaining,” I said.

“You like?”

“I do.”

I cocked my head to the side and peered up at him. His lips were divine, smooth and inviting. They hovered slightly above my cheek, and a blush warmed me over. A second passed, and Josiah leaned into me, placing a warm kiss on my face. My eyes closed and I exhaled and shivered at the warmth trickling over my skin.

“I missed you,” I said, surprising myself.

Josiah pulled his arm forward and threaded our fingers together as he kept the other arm leisurely laying across my shoulders.

“I missed you, too.” His lips touched my face with a brush, and his nose nudged against my skin. The vibrations around us were so strong that sitting next to him felt like riding a rollercoaster. An exhilarating thrill. As the fire rose from the grill, I turned completely to face him, and with no more words spoken between us, we kissed. Slow and elaborate. Then fierce and urgent. For what felt like minutes we kissed, re-exploring each other’s mouths before I had a notion to tear my mouth away from his. With heavy lids, Josiah gazed at me then licked his lips as if getting the remainder of my kiss in his mouth. I tried with ease to calm my labored breaths and inched away from him, resting a hand on his chest.

“I think we forgot we were in public,” I said, attempting to make a joke.

“We’re secluded back here.”

I glanced around at other couples, some within possible earshot and quirked an eyebrow up at him. “Secluded?”

He smiled. “Somewhat.” His stare went to my mouth, and it was doing crazy things to my body. I was as hot as the fire in front of us, and I wished I had one of those church fans to pull out for a quick rush of wind.

The chef put the last touches on our dish and sat them around us in a grand presentation. “That was beautiful,” I said complimenting the chef for his production.

“Thank you, mademoiselle. Do you have everything you need?”

I glanced at Josiah, and he grinned and looked to the Chef, “We do. Thank you, sir.” The men shook hands.

“I’ll be back to check on you two in a minute.”

“Take your time,” Josiah said.

Josiah slipped his hand in mine. “Shall we pray?”

I smiled. “Of course.”

We bowed our heads, and Josiah gave thanks over our food. Hearing him talk to the Lord even in a simple prayer warmed my heart. I wondered if he talked to his mom this way, and I realized I wanted to know more about where he went when he was inside his head.

“Amen,” we said together. As our heads lifted, we stared at each other, and I let out a soft giggle.

“I want to propose a toast,” Josiah said, raising a glass of champagne. I reached for my glass and held it up. “To you, Santana. You’re beautiful, intelligent, and the most down to earth woman I’ve ever known. You should get an award for being you. Congratulations on getting a position at the Chicago Chronicle. You deserve it, and I’m proud to call you my love.”

A surge of heat, thick and glazed, coasted over my skin. Our glasses clinked as I tried to comprehend his words. I sipped slowly while I thoughtfully engaged in a battle in my mind. Was he serious or was he putting on a show? After taking a drink, Josiah sat his glass down and reached for a shrimp kabob and fed me. I ate unhurriedly, and our table grew quiet as we sought nourishment. My appetite had gone past needing the physical sustenance but now more than anything; I wanted him in every way there was to have a person.

As my mind wandered, I found myself watching him eat, paying attention to every bite, lick, and stretch of his masculine jaw. I was paralyzed. Absorbed in the provocative way he enjoyed his meal while wishing it was me instead. It turned me on, every time the thick fringe of his lashes lifted to find me staring. How he deliberately coated his lips with his tongue only to pull another bite to his mouth for a taste. His capturing stare stroked me with a current of heat that made my hands rush to my shirt and pop open a button only to find that I was indeed wearing a dress. My skin roasted as his eyes swept over me and his pupils darkened when they made it to my breasts. When he spoke, I only saw his lips move.

“Full?”

I couldn’t find my voice. Had no idea where it went. I reached for a glass of water and took a needy sip then cleared my throat.

“My goodness,” I said, “I think I’m going to need something stronger than that.” My laugh was thin, but it ended in a dense chortle. “I’m not full, but I’m good,” I said. Needing to switch gears quickly, I changed the subject. “I’m surprised Mrs. Hathaway hired me on the spot. She seemed more intrigued with our relationship than anything.”

Josiah frowned. “How do you mean?”

“She asked questions about how we met, how long we’ve known each other, and if we were in a relationship.”

Josiah studied my face. “And what did you tell her?”

“Well, I think she could tell I was uncomfortable with answering such personal questions, so she promptly told me I didn’t have to answer them if I didn’t want to, she was just curious. So, I changed the conversation back to my resume.” I took my eyes around the restaurant then back to him. “I hope you don’t mind me asking but are you two involved?”

Josiah dabbed the corners of his mouth with a napkin then sat it down. “I’m involved with you. How can I be involved with her?”

We watched each other for a long moment. “I mean, we’re not really together,” I practically whispered, “so I just thought…” My words evaded me, and I tried not to squirm under his intense gaze.

“No, Mrs. Hathaway was a friend of my mother when she was alive. We don’t see her much anymore because I guess coming around us reminded her of her best friend. However, from time to time, she’ll reach out and tell us if there’s anything we need to contact her. I decided now was the time to take her up on that offer. She’s just being parental in a way with the questions she asked. I apologize on her behalf. I’m sure she’ll call me in a day or so to do the same thing.”

Why did I feel so relieved yet so foolish at the same time?

“Oh,” was all I could manage.

We ate the rest of our meal with minor conversation, and I could tell his thoughts were away from here. It seemed the topic of his mother made him withdraw, and several times I wanted to reach out. Every time I went to do so, Josiah would come back, and I thought maybe he was okay. But by the time we arrived at my townhome, I could sense that his mind was gone again.

“Hey,” I said, caressing his firm chin with my hand. “Why don’t you talk to me about it?”

Josiah regarded me. “I’m cool. Every now and then when I’m thinking about my mom, I wish I had more time with her. Doesn’t happen very often but when it does, I tend to keep to myself.” Josiah smiled up at me. “It’s nothing against you, babygirl.”

I smiled. “Whenever you want to talk about her, I’m here.”

“But only while we’re pretending, right?”

My eyes fluttered as I processed his question, and I felt a slight tightness in his response. “No, of course not. Whenever you need me.” I shifted in my seat to get a better look at him. “Was it something I said?”

Josiah smirked. “It seems that you feel the need to remind me that our relationship is not real every chance you get. Tell me why.”

My eyes darted out the window, and Josiah called out to me.

“Santana...”

I took my eyes back to him, and he waited for an answer.

“I didn’t realize I said it so much. But our relationship isn’t real, Josiah.”

This time Josiah turned to the window, but his focus didn’t stay there. When we reconnected, he spoke, “I’ve never had a serious relationship, Santana. One where loving someone was the center of my devotion. If I’m honest, it scares the hell out of me. Love gets into your blood and cords with the strings of your heart, magically becoming a part of its rhythm. But I fear the loss of a loved one more, so much that I keep away from it like I’ll get burned if I find myself in its path.”

Josiah inched closer to me and reached out and grabbed my face, smoothly pulling me over to meet him.

“And you know what, Santana, even I can see that our relationship is more authentic than anything I’ve experienced in my entire existence. I can’t explain it, but I sure as hell know it. So, you’re telling me, that you don’t know it? What I feel is for me alone?”

My heart thundered, and I said the only thing there was to say.

“No. You’re not alone. I—”

Josiah’s lips pierced my soul when they crushed into mine. Liquid lava ran down my skin, and before I knew it, I’d been pulled over the seat to straddle him. Hungrily, we kissed and touched with a passionate burst so inhibited I nearly came in his lap.

“Oh…” My lips parted as moans fled my soul from the uncontrolled yet dangerous desire I felt. Josiah’s lips pushed against my hot skin, sending shivers down my neck. His big hands cruised up against my thighs, leading a trail of chills against my skin. His fingers slipped inside my panties and invaded my lips below. My head fell forward, and I moaned. Biting down on my lip, my hips gyrated with the rhythm of his fingers. A persistent pulsing between my thighs made me grow hotter, and a rushing orgasm threatened to spill from me.

“Why do I want you so bad, Santana… why… why… why…”

My head rolled back, and I moaned as a storm of heat surrounded us. I reached down and unbuckled his belt, pants and unfastened his zipper. I pulled out his monster cock and yelped at its instant probing.

“Maybe for the same reasons I want you, Josiah,” I purred resting my arms on top of his shoulders. My lips trailed down his face as I placed soft kisses against his eyes, nose, upper lip then mouth. He grabbed my waist and rubbed the head of his penis between my wetness. A searing heat waved through me, and when he took me in, we melted into one another. I had never wanted to live in one moment before in my life, but this was heaven like I’d never known.

Josiah rocked into me with a possessive paralyzing thrust. I was high-strung as my nerves shot to the roof and a pleasurable wave of nostalgia formed a shield around us in a surge of raw desire. I whimpered and mindlessly purred, “I want you to come inside.”

Josiah smiled up at me with a naughty peer of his eyes. “You want me to come… inside?” He reprocessed slowly.

“Yes…” I panted as his shaft eased in and out of me with vigor. “I want all of you. Right now.”

“Don’t fucking tell me that,” his deep voice ground out.

“Josiah…” I bounced up and down, connecting with the base of his dick with a slamming force.

“Fuuuu-ck!” He spat.

Josiah’s hands gripped my derriere, firmly thrusting to meet my demand. My interior walls clenched, and a wail tore from my throat as I coated his penis with a riptide of my love. “Oh my God,” I sang as my ears stung and contractions tore through my spine. Josiah’s hand flew to the back of my head, and our mouths met for an undulating open mouth kiss. When he came, we held on tight as his temperature rose, and his heart knocked against my chest. I was drunk in love and completely undone as our feverish skin blended into one.

The heat index in the car was alarmingly torrid, and our lips continued to mesh as our bodies hummed from our reckless mating. When our mouths slowed, we both stared at each other, breathing against our lips as our hearts continued to knock. Josiah nibbled my bottom lip then whispered into my mouth as our eyes stayed with one another.

“I want you to be my girlfriend,” his voice thundered.

I didn’t think my body could get hotter than it was right now, but it did, practically incinerating me.

“And I want to be your girlfriend,” I said with a growing smile.

A rumble fled from him, and his lips landed on my chin and lips.

“So you can quit calling our relationship fake then.”

I smirked. “If that’s all you wanted, all you had to do was ask.”

“I did, now we’re official.”

“You only forced me, begging and screaming,” I said jokingly with an eye roll. The husky sound that ran from his vocals settled around my heart. His smile was gorgeous, and I could see it every day for a lifetime and not tire of it.

“Come in the house with me.”

“Are you sure?” he teased.

I answered swiftly, almost begging, “Yes, please, come.”

Josiah pulled his eyes away from me long enough to take a look around. He opened the door, and I crawled off his lap to stand on the street, quickly tugging my dress down. I turned and held out a hand to help him out, but when he stood strong arms pulled me in and lifted me from the ground.

“Oh my God!” I shrieked as he tossed me over his shoulder and closed the door. “Ah!” I yelled, and he laughed as he strolled to the front door with me bouncing, holding on for dear life.

Swiftly, he sat me down to my feet, giving me a rush of wooziness.

“You’ll always be safe in my arms, girl. Don’t you know that by now?”

I held him to keep my balance, and his hands rested on my waist. Josiah bent down and kissed my cheek.

“Keys,” he said, holding out his hands.

I offered them up quickly, making no pause to drop them in his hands. He clutched me to his side and opened the door.

“You’re spending the night,” I said as we entered.

Josiah wrapped me up, putting his lips to my ear. “Are you telling me or asking me?”

I turned my face to his, “I’m telling you,” I said, and this time I was the one who sunk my lips into his mouth.





Chapter Sixteen





“That was one of the best nights of my life.”

Carla squealed and wiggled in her seat as I made a left on Torrence Avenue.

“I won’t tell you the details, but girrrrl…” My smile was brighter than the sun.

“Wait, you can’t tell me the details?”

I shook my head vehemently. “No, ma’am. But I will say this, we are officially a couple.” I glanced to Carla boastfully. “You should be proud of me. I pushed back the idea that Josiah’s too young to commit and went for it.”

Carla looked on with a sister-girl prideful nod. “I am, girl. I really am.”

We both squealed again.

“Now, I’m nervous,” Carla admitted.

“About what?”

“Meeting Jacob. How do I look?”

She flipped down the visor to check her appearance. Carla could easily be the poster child for CoverGirl cosmetics. With russet skin, sharp features, and an upturned nose, her features were more than catching. I didn’t think she knew that though. I skimmed an eye over her sundress and four-inch heels.

“You look great,” I said, turning into the driveway of Christopher Lee Rose’s entrance. “It looks like we’re the last to make it.” I glanced around at the full lineup of vehicles.

“Girl, you’re not nervous?” Carla whispered sharply as if we weren’t alone in the car.

I chuckled. “No, let’s go.”

I opened the door and got out, making sure to adjust my clothes as I did so. This was a barbeque. So instead of a fun, flirty dress, I wore a pair of destroyed denim jeans, a flirty top that sat loosely around my breasts but wrapped snugly around my waist. Carla made her way around to me and got a full look at my attire.

“You make that simple look so stylish,” she said. “How do you do it?”

I shrugged. “I’m just being me, girl, come on,” I said, tossing a hand around her shoulder. We walked to the front door, and it opened before we could knock. Desiree stood on the other side with a broad smile.

“Heeeeey!”

I leaned in, and we hugged long and steady.

“Well look who it is,” I joked, “one of my old friends.”

Desiree pulled back with a purse of her lips. “Stop!”

“What? I don’t see you anymore now that you’re a Rooosssee,” I accentuated.

The three of us fell into laughter, half-bent over.

“What’s so funny?” another voice said. We all turned to Claudia, Samiyah, Octavia, Selena, Eden, Jasmine, and Phoebe.

“Looks like the gang’s all here,” I said. “I was telling Desiree we used to be friends before she married a Rooosssee.” We all snickered again.

“Yeah, that’s right,” Samiyah said, “You need the black card to get in here.”

I leaned into my hip and smirked, “What in the world is the black card?”

“Your last name has to be branded with an R,” Samiyah responded with a wink. Samiyah held her hand out. “So where’s yours?”

I patted myself down, pretending to look for a card. “Oh wait, I think I found it,” I said, playing along. I pulled out my ID and frowned. “Oh no.” I looked at Carla. “Do you have yours?”

Carla licked the tip of both her pinky fingers then wiped them over her eyebrows. “Nope, but I’m working on it,” she said, side-stepping Samiyah.

“Ouuuu!” we guffawed. I died over laughing as Carla shimmied her hips down the hallway in search of Jacob.

“I love her,” Desiree said, still chuckling.

“Come on, girl, everybody’s in the back,” Samiyah said.

We sauntered down the hallway, one behind the other. When we got to the back door, we found Carla huddled up in front of the screen door peeking through. We laughed again and shooed her. Stepping out came with a sinful delight. The Rose brothers were accompanied by another team of men, and there were no shirts in sight. A picturesque image of muscles, toned arms, ripped abs, wrapped in different shades of brown were on display in a fun game of football. My eyes searched for Josiah, and I found him in a running position to the right side of Jonas. My gaze rode over his toned flesh, thick biceps and smooth skin. My body was always aware of him, and just his presence awakened my nerves and warmed my heart. The fellas crouched as Jonas counted down then yelled.

“Hike!”

The football flew into his hands, and the team dispersed, finding their position. A handsome dark skin fella broke through Jonathon’s block, headed straight for Jonas. On the left side down the field, Jaden was uncovered, holding out a hand, but Josiah was closer. In a split-second decision, Jonas released the ball just as he was nailed to the ground. Josiah went for it, extending his torso and arms as he sailed into the air to grab it with a tight fist rolling to the ground.

“First down!” Their father shouted, and the Rose team hooped and hollered.

“Man, you got lucky!” The dark skin fella who’d tackled Jonas said.

I trailed over to Norma and gave her a hug. Samiyah’s mom Marth Jean, and Desiree and Claudia’s mother Adeline sat comfortably with Adeline wearing a sunhat and pair of colorful reflective shades across her eyes. As I dipped down to speak, I realized she was asleep then I noticed her soft breathing. Turning to look behind me, I mouthed to Desiree, “Your mom is sleep. Shouldn’t she lay down?”

Desiree waved me off. “She’ll just wake up with an attitude and swear your next step will be to put her in a nursing home.” Desiree rolled her eyes. and Norma and Martha Jean snickered.

“Probably where she needs to be,” Martha Jean surmised.

“Mom!” Samiyah said.

Martha Jean shrugged. “It’s the truth.”

Everyone snickered again, and I made my way across the yard to greet Christopher Lee Rose. The game was in full swing when I placed a hand on his back and step to his side.

“Mr. Rose,” I said. “Having a good time, I suppose.”

My eyes flickered to Josiah just as he caught the ball for the second time.

Mr. Rose turned to me with a wide smile. “Hey Santana, I’m glad you could make it.”

At the mention of my name, Josiah’s head curved to me, and a full-blown smile stretched across his face.

“Baby, watch out!” I yelled, but it was too late.

The same guy who took down Jonas had pinned Josiah to the ground.

“Oooooh!” the men yelled.

“Damn, little brother.” Jonas strutted up to him and held out a hand, which Josiah accepted. Jonas pulled him to his feet, and Josiah shook himself off. Josiah pointed at the man who’d tackled him.

“Q, that’ll be the last one you get. I hope you enjoyed it,” he said. A whistle bounced off Josiah’s tongue. “Xavier, you’re in!” Josiah tossed the ball to Xavier and jogged off the field toward me. The closer he came his hustle slowed, and I reached out to him for a hug. His arms circled my waist tightly, and he scooped me up off the ground. The kiss that greeted me stole my breath, and it was carried off in a swirl of wind that ran over us. A giggle tickled from my lips, and I smiled against his mouth.

“That’s some greeting, son,” Mr. Rose said.

“You should’ve seen the one they had at the club,” Carla murmured.

Octavia, Selena, Eden, Jasmine, and Phoebe joined our side.

“Ain’t it the truth,” Selena chimed, and Octavia agreed with a nod.

Slowly, Josiah sat me back on my feet but kept me pinned to his chest.

“In case you didn’t know,” Josiah said, gazing at me, “this here’s my girl.” He brushed a kiss against my forehead, and I blushed.

“Looks to be much more than that,” Desiree offered.

“Mmhmm,” a few others agreed.

Josiah kept his eyes on me. “We’re getting ready to play flag football in a minute. The women against the men. Are you game?” he rubbed his hands together.

“Flag football, huh?” I looked to the ladies. “You girls game?”

“Hell yeah, we are!”

It was Carla who said it.

Me and the girls burst into laughter again.

“I guess I’m game then.” I looked back to Josiah.

“I can’t wait,” he said.

“Come on, girl,” Eden spoke, “I’ve got some shorts and a thin T-shirt you can wear, so you don’t get your blouse dirty.”

“I’ll be back.” I gave Josiah a light squeeze and followed the ladies into the house. We all changed into short shorts and solid ribbed tank tops. When we reappeared, the fellas’ game was over, and they all hung out under the shade that the backyard deck provided. One by one, they all turned to us and groaned.

“Oh no, y’all can’t wear that,” Jonathon said. All of the men agreed.

“Why not?” Samiyah said, carrying her curvy hips to the front of our pack. She crossed her arms over her chest, and Jonas stepped up to her.

“Baby,” he wrapped his arms around her waist and grabbed a handful of ass, “you can’t wear this. It isn’t fair.”

“How isn’t it fair?”

“Come on, baby. It’s a distraction.”

“So we’re supposed to wear jeans and be hot because you all can’t stop drooling at us?” Claudia asked.

Jaden and Josiah nodded. “Hell yeah,” they both said, slapping hands.

I twisted my lips. “Not a chance.”

“Eww, come on, Phoebe, go put on some clothes!” Jordan said.

“Jasmine, Eden, all three of you,” Jacob agreed. “The last thing I want to see is my sisters’ asses hanging out.

Phoebe walked closer to Jordan and Jacob, turned, and bent over to smack her ass.

“Oh, come on!” They yelled, disgusted.

“Leave her alone. She all right,” the one they called Q mentioned.

The brothers turned to him.

“Aye, Q, you checking out my sister, bro?”

Q didn’t answer; he was too busy doing exactly that. His eyes traveled up Phoebe’s legs to her round derriere, lost in a trance. A solid hand landed on his chest, almost taking his breath.

“My bad,” Q said, “but your sister’s a grown fine ass woman. I’ll take a beatdown to get to her.”

“Aye!”

“Fellas, I hate to interrupt, but are we going to play this game or not?” Claudia intervened.

Josiah strolled up to me, and again I was embedded against his skin.

“Let her go. She’s on our team, not yours,” Samiyah chimed.

I giggled and looked up into his golden dark brown eyes.

“Nah, she’s on my team,” Josiah said. “Ain’t that right, baby?”

I giggled again. “Always.”





Chapter Seventeen





Our game lasted a few hours before the sun began to set. We were full of laughter and out of breath but managed to get enough touchdowns to win the game. I’d like to think we got them honestly, but we had to use some of our womanly assets to throw the men off their game. It was more than fair to us since there was no real chance of us winning fair and square.

As the night set in, the backyard came to life with tall lamp stands decorating the walk ways and a bonfire waving over a makeshift campsite. I stood next to Josiah with an arm clung to his waist, watching the flames rise. Lounging around, everyone was coupled up, and it was interesting to see Carla and Jacob having a friendly conversation. She didn’t need either me or Josiah to introduce her. Samiyah sat with Jonas who lay on his back with his head in her lap. They laughed then kissed about something before my gaze moved on. Claudia and Jaden were dancing to some pop music, with Claudia bent over doing her best rendition of a twerk. Jaden meanwhile smacked her bottom with one hand and ground against her simultaneously. I laughed and shook my head.

Julian and Desiree, Selena and Jordan, Phoebe and Q, who I found out later was Quentin stood at a makeshift station, preparing s’mores for the fire. The couple that intrigued me the most was Octavia and Jonathon. I watched them closely feed each other strawberries and sip out of each other’s drinks. They were clearly a twosome, and I wondered what it would take for them both to see it.

Before the game, I’d been formally introduced to a few new faces that were absent from Claudia and Desiree’s wedding. Luke Steele, Derek James Clark, and Quentin Davidson were close friends and fraternity brothers of Jonathon and Jacob. Xavier, Kyle, and twins Isaac and Isaiah Rose were cousins. Their father Antonio Rose and Christopher Lee Rose were brothers. I took an eye over to Christopher and found Martha Jean sitting close on one side and Adeline trying to stay awake on his other. It was pretty obvious the two older ladies were catty and fawning over Christopher, and it was quite amusing.

Looking back at the fire, I sighed and leaned into Josiah. It was amazing how comfortable I felt with his family. Like I belonged. When Carla and I had first arrived, she’d asked me was I nervous. It was refreshing not to be. Then, I couldn’t explain why, but now I knew this was home, and it made me wonder about how the stars aligned in the sky. In perfect order, the way things should be. I thought back to my parents and realized with glee that I did want to introduce them to Josiah. If it was up to me, our relationship would grow into something beautiful and how odd that it stemmed from what I declared was fictional.

“What are you thinking?” Josiah asked.

I pulled my eyes away from the fire to him.

“Introducing you to my parents.”

Josiah turned fully to me and examined my face. Surely, he was looking for the same horrific expression he’d found the first time the mention of introducing him to my parents came up. I smiled to give him a calming reassurance.

“I’d love to meet them, but I want you to be certain. If you’re not, I don’t mind waiting.”

I kissed his jaw and trailed my lips down his neck. A dark sound rumbled from his throat.

“Be careful,” he said, “being in the presence of my father will not stop me from taking you right here in front of everybody.”

I gasped with wide eyes and searched his face for seriousness. He winked down at me. “Yeah, girl. I’m about that life.”

His grin was naughty by nature, and I blushed and sank my face into his chest. When I pulled back, I kissed his chin again.

“Do you mind showing me to the bathroom?”

Without answering, Josiah turned me into his side, keeping his arm traipsed across my shoulder, and we walked step by step through the back door. Hardwood floors greeted us and the deeper inside we went the more attention I paid to the traditional styled interior. The sherbet orange and green tones were balanced with a crème color and enhanced with copper brown accents and a warm wooden blend. Pictures on the wall caught my attention and gave me pause. Holding three tiny newborns in a hospital bed with an elated smile was a woman I assumed was Janet, Josiah’s mother.

I glanced at him, “Mom?” I said.

He nodded. “And Eden, Jasmine, and Phoebe.”

I decided not to go into further conversation about the picture and just smiled up at it. “She’s beautiful. You look just like her.”

“It’s what I keep hearing,” Josiah commented.

We moved forward and came across a wall of plaques that caught my attention. Getting a closer look, I leaned in and smiled. A different award was held by each one of Josiah’s brothers, him included. While Jonas received an undisputed heavyweight champion award, Josiah’s was for excellence in his doctoral in Business Economics from Harvard University. My smile grew as I felt a sense of pride at his achievement. Turning in his arms, I nuzzled my nose under his jaw and placed a soft kiss on his neck.

“I have some other awards just around the corner if that’ll make you hornier,” he said.

I fell out laughing, and his husky laugh chimed in.

“Why am I not surprised you said that?” I laughed.

He wiggled his brows. “Because you know better.”

We strolled to the bathroom tied to each other and like a gentleman he waited for me outside the door. Afterwards there we were again linked like one person sitting around the fire listening to Christopher tell us stories about his camping and fishing trips with his friends Fred and Sampson. The three of them had grown up together from grade school, and three times a year they set a place to have their men time.

“And still till this day, we have yet to meet the infamous Fred and Sampson,” Eden said.

“But we always hear about them when we get together,” Phoebe added.

“What?” I said. Everyone turned to me. “Fred and Sampson are your father’s best friends, and you’ve never met them?”

Jasmine, Phoebe, and Eden responded at once, “No.”

I turned to Mr. Rose, “Do you mind if I ask why not?”

Christopher Lee Rose squinted his eyes at me. “Because they’re some horny old bastards,” he said.

That got a few laughs out of us all, but my shock was still on high.

“So, you’ve kept them away from family functions all your life?”

“Not all my life,” Christopher said. “Only when the girls were of age. I can’t have my friends gawking at my babies. I’d kill ‘em.”

I glanced around, and everyone seemed to be in agreement.

“Wow.”

“I still love ‘em all the same,” Christopher assured.

Josiah leaned into me and whispered, “I’ll be back.”

He stood and left through the back door followed by Jonathon, Jacob, and Jordan.

“Well, I don’t blame you,” Martha chimed. “If it were my Samiyah, I’d do the same thing.”

“As would you all,” Christopher stated.

He went into detail about some of the escapades Fred and Sampson had been on, too much that made me slightly cringe. It’s true we can’t help who our friends are, but Fred and Sampson needed wives. That I was sure of.

When Josiah reappeared, there was a thin long rectangular box in his hands and my interest was certainly piqued.

“What do you have there, son?” Christopher asked.

Josiah smiled down at me with a sexy grin. “Santana just landed a position as investigative reporter at the Chicago Chronicle.”

Somebody gasped, and Desiree shouted, “You go, girl!”

I blushed and did a little happy dance in my seat.

“It was not without the help of Josiah,” I assured.

Josiah wagged his finger. “Don’t try and downplay your success.” My smile stretched. “So, I have a little something for you, babe.”

Josiah sat down next to me, and all attention was focused on us. With pleasure, I accepted the outstretched box and opened it to find a diamond incrusted necklace. A gasp left my throat, and I covered my mouth as my eyes watered.

“Josiah!” I said.

“Let me help you,” he offered, lifting the necklace so I could get a full look at the masterpiece. Even in the moonlight its sparkles ran up and down the exquisite jewelry, but hanging from the middle was a diamond ring, the biggest one I’d ever seen in my life.

“Oh, my damn,” Carla said, and everyone laughed.

I, on the other hand, couldn’t find the words to express what this moment was like.

“Baby,” Josiah’s smooth voice crooned, “I want you to marry me, girl.”

I gasped, flabbergasted, and tears sprang from my eyes. Shocked whispers of Oh my God, and questions of did you know about this from others looking on sailed around. But for me I wept like a child, completely taken aback by his proposal. Josiah pulled the ring off the necklace and locked the diamonds around my neck while he waited for me to answer.

Was this real? I wondered. Is he really waiting for a reply? With others looking on, and Josiah’s beautiful eyes boring into me, I spoke from my heart. “Yes.”





Chapter Eighteen


Josiah





The yard erupted in celebration, and I slipped the diamond ring on Santana’s finger. It fit like I knew it would when I had it made for her that morning. With haste, I grabbed her neck with one hand and wrapped my arm around her waist with the other, drawing her in for a sealed kiss. It was different than all the others. In fact, it had lifted my soul and taken my heart with it. Seeing Santana’s tears was unexpected, but I didn’t know what I predicted would happen when I proposed. My folks came over and congratulated us, some saying they saw it coming and others giving money over for bets they’d made. But I was utterly transfixed on Santana. The way her body trembled against mine as she cried, the sincerity in her response. It was real and more wholehearted than I ever could’ve imagined. That’s when I knew; I’d made a mistake.

Where I was certain I loved Santana, this proposal was meant to be for show only. And by me not including her in on my plans, I might had mistakenly misled her. My heart sank as I thought about how she would feel when I revealed the truth behind closed doors. I’d never felt like a dumbass before, but right now that was putting it mildly. A plethora of curse words ran through my head, but I kept the smile on my face, showing no evidence of my distress. Desiree and Samiyah came over with beer.

“We don’t have champagne, but we still have a little bubbly.” They laughed and handed us both one. I must have taken mine down in one swig.

“I could use another,” I said, handing the empty bottle to Samiyah.

“Give the man another one,” she said.

Seconds ticked by before another beer was produced, and the hand that gave it over was that of my father’s. Swiftly, I relieved him of it, but he kept his hand outstretched.

“Congratulations, son. I’ve misjudged you in every way. Whatever you need, I’m taking care of it.” He turned to Santana. “Welcome to the family, Ms. Summers. It won’t be too long now before you’ll be a Rose.” He pulled Santana away from me to hold her in a tight embrace.

The seconds that ticked on went by in slow motion as I watched everyone celebrating, smiling, and some even crying tears of joy. My father might had felt like he misjudged me, but I had misjudged what this entire scenario would feel like. Now that I was here, I could barely maintain the emotional rollercoaster I was on.

“Congratulations, brother, if you ever need to talk, let me know.” Jonathon stood by my side with his hand extended for a shake, but I just stared down at it. “You’re okay, breathe, my man,” he said, mistaking my trance for shocked jubilation. I took down the rest of my beer and silently walked myself through the steps to fix what I’d done, and I dreaded it with every second that passed.





The ride over to Santana’s house was heavy. Behind her Volkswagen Beetle, I followed her as she dropped off Carla then headed to her home. I’d had several conversations with myself of how this would go. I was hoping for the best but expecting the worst. I sighed and ran a hand over my face. I could just be overreacting. It was possible Santana knew the proposal was meant for the others. But the closer we came to her place, the more dread settled over me as if my heart knew that wasn’t the case.

I turned on some music to try and dial down my cumbersome thoughts. It was a short reprieve because when my Infiniti rolled to a stop behind hers, and we strolled into the house hand in hand, there was a gigantic elephant in the room.

“Would you like something to drink?” Santana asked.

“I probably shouldn’t,” I responded.

“Okay…” Santana strolled to her sofa and stood idly next to it. “Would you like to sit down at least?”

She must have felt my awkwardness, and that made me feel terrible. We spoke at the same time.

“I want to ask you a question—”

“I need to tell you something—”

We both chuckled at our haste, but both bore the same troublesome face. I strolled up to her and pulled her in.

With my voice even, I asked, “Are you okay?”

Her hinted smirk gave me little relief.

“I’m just a little shocked I believe.” Santana dropped her eyes for a second then looked back to me. “Am I to believe that this is real? And before you answer,” she said, “this is not me saying our relationship is fake. I…”

I kissed her forehead then looked into her eyes. “I’m sorry,” I said.

The brightness in her eyes dimmed, but she didn’t respond.

I continued my apology. “I shouldn’t have done it that way.”

“Then, why did you?” she asked, her voice a little testy.

“At the time, it made sense to do it without you knowing. I wanted your response to appear sincere. It wasn’t until after the fact that I realized I shouldn’t have.”

Santana let out a breath and pushed away from me.

“I need to sit down,” she said.

I quickly made my way to the side of her and crouched down in front of her, needing to connect with her eyes. “It was the wrong move. I should’ve waited.”

“Until what? You did what you felt was right, and it turns out, you were. It worked like a charm. Even had me fooled.”

My chest tightened, and I reached out to her. “Santana, please…”

“I need to be alone for a while. Just to clear my head.”

I hung my head then looked back at her. “I don’t want to leave you like this.”

She attempted to give a brave front with a weak smile that I could see right through. “It’s okay. Part of it is my own fault. I knew where this road was going; I shouldn’t have been surprised. I just…” she opened and closed her fingers, “I don’t know.”

“Baby,” my knees fell to the ground as I wrapped her in my arms. “I’m so sorry. Please, I don’t want to leave. Let me stay… please.”

I kissed her face on one side than the other. When I kissed her lips, it was one sided, so I held close and only stared in her eyes.

“I need you with me. I don’t want this to mess up what we have going on. My feelings for you are real.” I slid her hair away from her face behind her ear. “Let me stay, don’t push me out.” I leaned my forehead into hers, and she exhaled again.

“You can stay,” she said, rising to her feet.

I rose with her, and she linked our fingers, as we strolled to the bedroom.

Fifteen minutes later, Santana was in the shower and as bad as I wanted to be in there with her, I knew she needed that time to clear her head. An hour had gone by before the bathroom light shut off and the door opened. Heat poured out of the door and followed her to the bed when she shuffled inside. I immediately pulled her to me, needing to comfort her in any way possible. The thing I hoped for most was that Santana would truly forgive me. As we lay there, neither of us spoke. The silence around us seemed to grow past the midnight hour.

When her soft breathing encompassed me, I kissed the back of her neck and closed my eyes wishing like all hell that this would pass.

The next day, Santana was herself again. Laughing, talking and carrying on as if last night didn’t happen. I didn’t know whether to be relieved or be doubtful, but if she was truly okay, I didn’t want to broach the subject. Several times, I found myself set to apologize. But the uplifted spirit she presented kept my act of contrition to a minimum. The days moved and became weeks that we publicly put on a show as Chicago’s youngest and most elite engaged couple. We were approached by CosmoBride and The Nest magazines for exclusive shots of our wedding pictures. I took it all in stride while making sure Santana was okay with how fast things moved.

She would always assure me that she was good, and then we would move on to the next venture. The subject of meeting her parents arose. It was me that brought it up. Santana gave me pause, but I reminded her, we were a real couple, so it was technically okay for me to meet them. That seemed to rest her spirit a bit, but I could tell she was still apprehensive.

“Santana,” I called out to her as we neared the airport, “at any time that you want to call this off, we can. I appreciate you taking things this far. I’m indebted to you.”

Santana lifted her chin at me and gave me that beautiful smile. “I said I’d take it as far as it needed to go, didn’t I?”

“Yes.”

“I’m a woman of my word.”

I smiled back at her and sat against my seat, resting my arm over her shoulders. The limo pulled to O’Hare International Airport, and we took the three-hour flight to Houston. It was midday when we arrived, and Santana had fallen asleep. I woke her with a kiss that she returned with a fiery passion.

I smiled against her lips. “We have arrived,” I said.

She yawned and stretched. That was one of the best naps I’ve gotten in a long time.”

I frowned slightly. “Have you had a hard time sleeping?”

Santana thought about her next words, and I could tell her response was limited. “It’s okay sometimes, you know, but I’m all right.”

I traced her features and couldn’t tell from her beautiful face if she was lying to me.

“Come on,” she said, grabbing my hand and rising from her seat. “Let’s go see Mama and Daddy.”

Exiting George Bush Intercontinental Airport hand in hand Santana, and I made our way to the Hilton Hotel and checked in. We didn’t stay there long opting to make a day of shopping while we were in her city. It was well around five o’clock when we headed over to her parents’ house. Although I’d wanted to take them out to a restaurant, Mrs. Summer preferred we come to their house for a home cooked meal. A man could never turn down a good home cooked meal.

When we pulled into the driveway, the British colonial revival home sat large and in charge on what appeared to be a few acres of land. I glanced over to Santana and peered at her.

“What?” She shrugged.

“Is there something you want to tell me?”

“Like?”

“You’ve never told me what your parents do for a living. This house is humongous.”

“It’s not bigger than your father’s.”

“I’m not so sure about that,” I said, sweeping an eye around the large columns that helped hold up the colossal structure.

“My father is a former marine, and my mother served ten years in the air force.”

I lifted a brow. “That’s quite a combination.”

“Tell me about it,” she said.

I parked, and we left the vehicle, making sure to grab the strawberry shortcake we’d had made for Mrs. Summers and a bottle of Brandy I was gifting to Mr. Summers. We announced our presence with the ring of the doorbell, and Mrs. Summers opened with an elated smile.

“Oh my God, come on in,” she beamed, pulling Santana in for a hug. Smoothly, Mrs. Summers rubbed a hand up and down her back and pulled me in next.

“How are you, Mrs. Summers?” I asked.

“I’m well, it’s nice to meet you finally, Josiah, I’ve heard so much about you,” she gushed.

“As have I,” a deep voice thundered.

We all turned our attention to Mr. Summers as he approached. He was a few inches taller than my six-foot-three. Just about the same height as my father. Broad shoulders and burly hands hung at his side. Swiftly, I shifted the bag I carried and held out a hand that he accepted with a snug shake.

“We’re glad you two made it safely. Come on back. Barbara has been pacing around the clock waiting for your arrival.”

We made our way to the large kitchen where I took the cake off Santana’s hands and sat it down on the counter.

“This is for you, Sir.”

I handed Mr. Summers the bottle of Brandy to which he responded, “How’d you know this was my spirit of choice?”

I gave a half-hearted grin and rubbed my chin. “Lucky guess?”

Mr. Summers grumbled a chuckle then looked to Santana.

“My guess is luck had nothing to do with it.”

I held my hands out, feigning defeat. “I tried.”

“Dinner is ready. I’ve already made plates, and they’re still warm if you both would like to take a seat,” Mrs. Summers said.

We gathered around the table, and I helped Santana in her chair then found mine next to her.

“I hope you don’t mind if I give thanks to the almighty,” I said.

Mrs. Summers perked and glanced at Mr. Summers.

“Go right ahead, son.”

I reached for Santana’s hands and linked them with her mother’s. As I prayed out loud, I inwardly asked God for direction. I couldn’t deny that my feelings for Santana had evolved into much more than I’d initially expected. Even over the last few weeks I’d saw and fell in love with her personality, her love for others, and the unrestricted way she gave herself over to me when we made love. Totally and complete. The significance of her willing to walk down the aisle and bring our agreement all the way to the altar was more than enough to make my love flourish.

Dinner with Santana’s parents was so enjoyable we’d lost track of time. Mrs. Summers had shown me just about every baby photo of Santana, and I must admit, the little plats sticking up on her head and her wide eyes were comical, so much so, that I doubled over in laughter.

“What’s so funny?” Santana had asked.

“I’m sorry, sweetheart,” I said, holding my gut. “You look so alarmed with the wide eyes.” My guffaw grew, and she pursed her lips and rolled her eyes.

“Whatever,” she said.

“Aww, don’t be like that,” I said. “I still love you.”

Those three words slipped off my tongue with ease, giving Santana and me both pause. For what seemed like minutes, we stared at each other both going through our own torrent of thoughts. Not soon after, Mrs. Summers had taken our attention to another set of photos, and I’d even been able to get a look at her bedroom, which had not been changed since Santana had left the house. When Santana’s father pulled me to the side, I knew this was the part where he threatened my life should I do anything to hurt his little girl. And he did not disappoint, going so far as to show me his collection of guns.

We stood in his backyard as Mr. Summers put a rifle against his shoulder and let off shots at a paper target.

“Pretty nice,” I said.

Mr. Summers looked at me. “Think you could do better?”

“I wouldn’t say better, but I’ll give it an ol’ try.”

He handed me the rifle, and I held it against my shoulder and fired twice. One bullet eased into the paper target’s abdomen while the other exited through the heart.

Mr. Summers turned to me. “That’s a kill shot, son. Who taught you how to shoot?”

My pride was on display as I responded, “My father.”

Mr. Summers nodded slowly. “Can’t wait to meet him.”

“You will soon enough, sir.”

Mr. Summers glanced back to the porch and grunted.

“The ladies are watching,” he said.

I turned my attention and found Mrs. Summers with her arms crossed, rubbing her shoulders up and down. Santana stood next to her, looking like her younger version with a worrisome expression on her face.

“She thinks I’m taking you out to slaughter.” Mr. Summers chuckled.

“So did I,” I said, and we both gave a hearty laugh.

“Nah, you’re all right.” Mr. Summers patted me on the back, “Until you hurt my baby girl. Then you nor your daddy can save you.”

I agreed with a nod, knowing very well Mr. Summers would take me out if need be.

“I don’t plan to.”





Chapter Nineteen





Before leaving Houston, I gifted Mr. and Mrs. Summers two round trip tickets to Chicago. One for our engagement party and the other for our wedding. Santana had been set to begin her new job at the Chicago Chronicle, but due to our upcoming nuptials, Mrs. Hathaway had set her start date further back. Mrs. Hathaway had also apologized profusely about getting into my business—as I knew she would. I told her it was okay as long as she didn’t do that again.

Mrs. Hathaway made no promises, which let me know she would most likely dip her nose into our business once more. Santana was okay with it now that she knew Mrs. Hathaway’s reasons. But I was still not accepting Mrs. Hathaway’s lack of response.

Another week went by before the engagement party. At the dinner, I could sense a sudden shift in Santana’s mood. It was interesting that whenever she felt tired, happy or troubled, I could feel the emotions drifting from her. This happened even if I were in another room. My mood would change, and I’d go looking for her only to find Santana alone on the front porch with her face to the wind or hiding out in the bathroom, pretending she was just freshening up. With each time I witnessed this part of her, I knew she was conflicted. And I understood why. Santana wasn’t alone. Although we both kept up this façade, it seemed we both felt the same but neither one of us spoke on it as the days continued to pass.

There were few nights that we spent without each other, at our respective homes. One of those times came the night before our supposed wedding. I’d gone over this whole ordeal in my head and wondered what the hell I was thinking. Was taking over my father’s company so important that I was risking Santana regretting what we were about to do? Would I regret it? I pulled myself to a sitting position and tossed my legs over the bed. Quickly, I stood and drug on a pair of jeans, forgetting my shirt to grab my keys and head out the front door. I drove across town with my mind abuzz, cursing myself for letting things get this far. The skies had been cloudy all day, and finally, it began to shower. It started slow, and then the heavy welts of droplets splashed against my car like a massive storm was on its way.

When I pulled in front of Santana’s house, all lights were off, and her car was gone. Still, I got out and ran through the rain to her door. I knocked with a fist, banging against the wooden frame, hoping she was inside to no avail. All was quiet, and it became more apparent that Santana wasn’t inside. I turned around and walked to the sidewalk, casting my eyes down the street. Where would she be at this hour and why? I worried that I’d ran her off and I’d never see her again. The thought twisted my gut and made me short of breath. My legs moved, and I was driving down the street desperately searching for her.

“Come on, baby, where are you?”

I cruised around corner after corner before coming to a local bar that sat on the edge of the street. I almost passed it when my periphery caught the image of her car. I hit the brakes, quickly pulling my car to rest beside hers. My heart hammered in my chest as I thought with relief that I’d found her. But as I made my way inside, I saw no sign of Santana—only a sprinkling of patrons. The tightness in my chest was back, but I composed my thoughts long enough to think straight.

Walking up to the bar, I spoke to the bartender,

“Excuse me. Have you seen a woman come in here about five-seven, brown skin, shoulder length hair, beautiful dark eyes?”

The bartender smirked. “Beautiful dark eyes, eh?” He looked around the place. “Well, she was sitting right there next to that stool you’re standing by. She’s only been gone about five minutes.”

I turned around and left the bar so quick that my movements turned into a sprint. I was desperate to get to her. Needing with no doubt to find her safe and make sure she never felt used again. Outside, I ran to the end of the sidewalk, and my heart leaped when I found her standing there walking in my direction. I crossed the street just as she looked up, and her eyes enlarged at my appearance.

“Josiah,” she said, surprised. “What are you doing here?”

Her eyes never left mine as I grabbed her hands and pulled her close.

“Don’t leave me,” I said.

She stared back at me, and I was lost in her.

“Don’t leave,” I repeated. “I know you have doubts. But I need you to stay, Santana.” We stood there under the downpour of the heavy rain accessing one another. The cyclone of wind pulled her closer, and I closed my mouth around hers in a kiss that was so charged I knew any moment we’d be struck by lightning. My arms cocooned her, and she responded, sliding her arms around my neck. My tongue traveled down her throat, and my heart beat rigorously in my chest. I was in love with her, and I never wanted to spend another second without Santana. It shouldn’t have taken me this long but I knew what had to be done, and I’d promised myself I would set things right, starting, now.





Chapter Twenty


Santana

The next day





The megachurch was filled to capacity, and everything from its interior to the layered cake had been designed with a one of a kind unique touch. My bridesmaids consisted of all my girls who were shuffling around me in circles, making sure I was perfectly put together. They had done all they could, and I had to admit the crème colored gown I wore was resplendent right down to the crème veil that hung over my face just short of my nose. My hair had been curled and twisted so elegantly that I was in awe of it.

This moment was everything I had hoped for, and yet, I… was… in… hell. The night before, I’d managed to talk myself into telling Josiah that I couldn’t go through with this wedding. I drove for hours before finally pulling over to the bar at the end of the corner two streets over from my home. Even the gin and tonic couldn’t calm my nerves enough to do what I needed to. Several times, I’d dialed his number only to backtrack and remove the digits from my phone. Would he hate me for going through it all only to back out at the end? My heart knocked against my chest as I felt weighed down by my indecision. I was in love with him, so much so, that no matter how this went I would most likely end up broken.

If I told Josiah I couldn’t go through with it, I could lose him forever. If I finished what we started, my heart would suffer knowing what we had just wasn’t real. I fought so hard with myself that I’d left the bar to take a walk, mildly noticing the rough winds and tumultuous rain that sunk into my skin. With my eyes straight forward but my mind in another place, I walked like a ghost, lost and looking for shelter. It was a sudden gust of wind that let me know I’d walked into a storm so urgent that I would be physically sick if I didn’t get out of it. The thought should have made me trudge back to my car. But it didn’t. Fact of the matter was, I was already sick. Mentally. I’d stop walking and had been standing still for seconds when my focus cleared, and I saw Josiah jogging toward me.

At first, I thought I saw an apparition until he was so close that the familiar scent I loved comforted me in knowing he was real. Immediately, I wanted to apologize and just get it over with. But the look of anguish in his eyes kept me silent.

“Don’t leave me,” he’d said. And although he begged, I knew once the words left his mouth, I was all in, even if I couldn’t have him the way I wanted him. I would never leave unless he pushed me away.

Standing in front of the full-length mirror, my eyes traveled up and down the mermaid styled dress, the pearls around my neck and in my ears, the red lipstick against my lips, and I wondered who I was. I remained a girl living a dream. A fantasy come true only outwardly.

“Okay, girl,” Desiree said, coming to stand next to me. “Are you ready? The music has started, and I’ve got to get in position.” I numbly nodded. “Are you sure?” she asked, concern in her voice.

I pulled my eyes away from my image and smiled at her.

“As ready as I’ll ever be.”

A broad smile eased across her face, and there was a knock at the door. Samiyah opened it, and my father entered. Seeing him made tears cloud my vision, and I trembled but didn’t speak. My dad walked up to me with his arms out, and I fell into them and cried softly.

“Sssssh,” he cooed. “Everything will be all right.”

“I’m scared, Daddy.”

“I know, you’re supposed to be. Your mother and I were terrified. For a minute, I didn’t think she’d make it out of the back room in our church.” He chuckled, and it made me wonder how Josiah was feeling.

I tried to straighten up and couldn’t help but be tickled at the sight of Desiree standing next to me with the makeup kit in her hand.

“All right now, this is the last time I can do this, so no crying until your man sees you, girl.” She padded my face lightly to smooth over the slight mess I’d made with my tears. “Breath deep,” she said, and I did like I was going into labor. “Okay, gotta go, I’ll see you on the other side future Mrs. Rose.” She smiled and sashayed away.

My father linked our arms together, and we stood before the door.

“I love you,” he said.

“I love you, too, Daddy.”

The music changed. “That’s our cue.”

I put on a brave front with my head lifted and shoulders back. The doors opened simultaneously, and we walked out. Everyone stood to their feet when we entered. Oohs and Oh my God she’s so beautiful swirled around me in whispers. My eyes landed on Josiah standing dashing in an all-black tuxedo with a red tie. The suit fit his muscular frame with such definition that it was he that made the suit and not the other way around. My steps paused as my heart raced and suddenly I felt parched.

My father whispered, “You’re doing great. One step at a time.”

I smiled up at him, grateful that he was at my side. Doing as he said, I made it to the altar, and that’s when I noticed the microphone in Josiah’s hand. He stepped forward and reached out to me, cloaking the warmth of his palms with mine. He helped me to stand next to him, and the train from my dress was pulled around by my father.

At last, Josiah faced me. “You are the most beautiful person in this world. I’ve never seen anyone as radiant as you.”

I blushed but wanted to cry at the same time.

“Thank you, so are you” was all I could manage.

“Forgive me,” he said.

My brows crinkled, slightly confused by what he said. Then he released my hands and stepped forward, lifting the microphone to his mouth.

“I have an announcement to make.” Josiah glanced around the large mega church at all our attendees. “Actually, it’s more of a confession.”

I closed my eyes and held my breath. The church was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.

“I’ve misled you all,” he said.

Sharp whispers fled around the sanctuary, and I opened my eyes just in time to see my father step forward.

“Sir, if you’ll just let me speak my peace,” Josiah said.

“You better make it good, son,” my father said with venom laced in his tone.

“For as long as I can remember, I’ve always wanted to please my father,” Josiah continued. “Being the youngest in the family made me the wild child in his eyes—and my brothers’.” Josiah cleared his throat. “So, I’ve lived up to his minor expectation of being just that, the irresponsible one, the foolish kid, the one who was not ready for real accountability. Then recently I was giving an opportunity to make him proud. He wanted me to run his company, Gemz, making me CEO of the business. I was shocked at first, and then I found out that there was a catch. To take over, he wanted me to find a wife and settle down.” Josiah peeked over at me again.

“At first, I was outraged that he would put a clause like this in the contract, but then this crazy idea came to me, and I ran it by someone who’d become my best friend.”

I found it interesting that Josiah took the blame, when it was actually I who came up with the elaborate scheme. He continued.

“At first, we laughed at the idea, but then she agreed that if it was what I wanted to do, she would pretend to be my companion.”

More shocked whispers went throughout the building, and I kept my focus on only Josiah. My heart squeezed as I hurt for him, knowing the courage it took for him to say this weighed a ton.

“We went through the motions of being girlfriend and boyfriend, then an engaged couple, and now here we are.” Josiah continued. “I was going to call this whole thing off. I had a notion of ending it before it got to this point," he turned to me, "but then I realized I didn't want to." Josiah’s gaze ate me up, searing into mine, steady and solidifying. "I decided to let this go on. I wanted us to get to this altar, hoping beyond hope, that she would truly marry me.”

A sharp gasp tore from me, and the tears that I’d held back streamed down my face in rapid succession.

“You see, in all of that pretending, I fell in love with her, and the thought of not being her true husband was more than I could bear.” Directing his next words to me, Josiah spoke, “I love you, Santana, and I want to be with you. This is the real me, talking to the real you. I know I don't deserve your heart, and I suck at being a boyfriend, but I was wondering, if you're crazy enough and maybe a little reckless, if you could love me forever, like I love you, and be my wife.”

Tremors rocked my body as I cried; Josiah sank to both knees and removed another ring from his pocket just as large as the one I was wearing. I couldn’t believe this was happening. I tossed my arms around his neck, and we fell to the floor. I sank my lips into his mouth and cried my eyes out. When I found a moment to pull back and breathe, Josiah held tears in his eyes.

“Is that a yes?” he asked.

“Yes, baby, you’re damn right I’ll marry you.”

A roaring applause broke through the building as I kissed him long and hard. It was unbelievable, and something I’d never expected to happen.

“I love you, Mr. Rose,” I cheerfully said.

“And I love you, Mrs. Rose.”

We kissed again, and a deafening roar split through the building like a stadium of crazy football fans. And Josiah and I kissed, and kissed, and… kissed.



The End





Enjoying the Falling for a Rose Series? Grab the next installment, which follows Jonathon Alexander Rose and Octavia Davenport as they venture into a thing called love in A Lifetime With You.



Hey reading family, here we are again! I hope you enjoyed this book as much as I enjoyed writing it. If so, take a moment and leave a review on Amazon. Check the next page for other books and get an exclusive teaser not found in stores when you subscribe to my newsletter!

XOXO - Stephanie





More Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris




Contemporary Romance

Everything I Always Wanted (A Friends to Lovers Romance)

Safe With Me (Falling for a Rose Book One)

Enough (Falling for a Rose Book Two)

Only If You Dare (Falling For a Rose Book Three)

Fever (Falling for a Rose Book Four)

A Lifetime With You (Falling for a Rose Book Five)

She said Yes (Falling for a Rose Holiday Edition Book Six)

Mine (Falling for a Rose Book Seven)





Romantic Suspense Thrillers

Beautiful Assassin

Beautiful Assassin 2 Revelations

Mistaken Identity

Trouble In Paradise

Vengeful Intentions (Trouble In Paradise 2)

For Better and Worse (Trouble In Paradise 3)

Until My Last Breath (Trouble In Paradise 4)





Christian Romantic Suspense



Broken

Reckless Reloaded





Crime Fiction

Prowl

Prowl 2

Hidden (Coming Soon)





Fantasy

Golden (Rapunzel’s F’d Up Fairytale)





Non-Fiction



Against All Odds (Surviving the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit) *Non-Fiction





About the Author




Stephanie Nicole Norris is an author from Chattanooga, Tennessee, with a humble beginning. She was raised with six siblings by her mother, Jessica Ward. Always being a lover of reading, during Stephanie’s teenage years her joy was running to the book mobile to read stories by R. L. Stine.



After becoming a young adult, her love for romance sparked, leaving her captivated by heroes and heroines alike. With a big imagination and a creative heart, Stephanie penned her first novel Trouble In Paradise and self-published it in 2012. Her debut novel turned into a four-book series full of romance, drama, and suspense. As a prolific writer, Stephanie’s catalog continues to grow. Her books can be found on Amazon. Stephanie is inspired by the likes of Donna Hill, Eric Jerome Dickey, Jackie Collins, and others. She currently resides in Tennessee with her husband and two-year-old son.





